If someone cared about me, they would bring me a cherry turnover for lunch.

One of the best bakeries in town!
Try the German Cholate cake for a real treat.

I drove past Scott's while looking for a place to purchase propane... Go figure.
Decided to stop in and sample their sweet treats.
Cookies: definitely crunchy.
I'm not a fan of a crunchy cookie - I prefer a chewier cookie, so Scott's cookies weren't quite what I had hoped they would be.
I decided to try a doughnut and selected a cream-filled chocolate iced doughnut.
It was decent, but as someone else mentioned, about what you'd expect to find at a decent grocery store.
All things considered, I would probably go back for another doughnut, but I'd pass on the cookies.
If you like a crunchy cookie, give 'em a try.
Oh; inside?
Nice.
Open, bright, clean, and the staff was very friendly.

Baked items are disappointing, especially for the price.
Scott's needs to get with the program and go natural.
I don't like high fructose corn syrup in my apple fritter.
Besides that the ladies that work here are always mean to me for no reason :( Their cookies are hard, I go to the real bakery: La Brioche

Delicious donuts.
Especially the ones with caramel frosting.
I would stay away from the "elephant ears".
They look better than they taste.

Very happy with Scott's Pastry Shoppe.
I had a speciality - gag cake made up and they were terrific.
I have only had doughnuts and such and thought they were terrific.

I haven't tried anything here besides the donuts, but the donuts are delicious.
I just wish they were open on Sunday mornings.

A little pricey for what you get.
I got 3 dozen donuts, and it was $40!
Yikes!
Maybe they deserve 2.5 stars.
I do like the NAME of the place, of course.

I recently had a birthday and as part of the celebration my partner ordered a cake from Scot's.
The cake was beautifully decorated and tasted delicious.
I would highly recommend them for any of your dessert needs!
I should also mention we split a cookie and it was fantastic as well!

Happy Fat Tuesday!
My coworker brought in a delicious king cake with cream cheese frosting and chocolate chips from Scott's.
I didn't find the baby so I don't have to buy the next one, which is good because I heard that they are on the expensive side.

