Californians are all about the In-N-Out, where you can get your burger animal style.
And the Midwest is all about Culver's, where the Butter Burger is the thing to order.
C. and I ate lunch here on our way between Milwaukee and Mosinee before going to my folks for Christmas.
I got a cheddar burger with fries, and C. got the two-piece chicken dinner with mashed potatoes and green beans.
That's one of the things I love about Culver's.
Yes, it's a fast food restaurant.
But they also do family restaurant food well.
The chicken was good and the green beans really fresh, C. said.
Fast food you can feel good about.
I also got a frozen custard, their flavor of the day: Swiss almond Christmas or something like that.
Chocolate custard with slivered almonds.
Yummo.

I wanted ice cream so my husband pulled off the highway at this Culver's.
We opted to get the flavor of the day (cookie dough craving).
I was disappointed to find that it was a chocolate custard with TONS of cookie dough chunks because I like custard and not just the mix-ins, etc.
but it was overall a decent sundae.
I'll just stick to vanilla next time!

Next to Chick-Fil-A, Culver's is my fav fast food chain.
Rarely is a snowboarding trip complete without Culver's to top off the day.
The butter burgers hit the spot (though mine was heavy on the red onions; good thing those are easily removeable), and the fried cheese curds are to die for.
You don't find those floating around just anywhere.
But if there is anything you MUST get, it's a cup of the frozen custard.
Damn, that's good stuff.

Go-to meal: cheddar butter burger, fried cheese curds, and flavor of the day custard.
The difference between a deluxe burger and cheddar butter burger is that in the deluxe, you'll get American cheese.
And you have to pay 25 cents extra to add lettuce, tomato, etc.
to the cheddar butter burger.
File that away in your memory bank.

Really good stuff!!
The custard was great!
I loved it and when I am back in the old USA I can only hope I will cross paths with another culvers.
You know what the thing is with culvers?
You actually don't need that much, it's sort of like eating cake batter or cookie dough.
You can only have so much before you start getting that sickly feeling and start stirring that plastic spoon around and staring down the custard and wondering why you dont wanna finish.
Yeah it's custard and it's heavy especially when you add every kind of peanut butter chocholate bar to the mix.Let me tell you those first five spoonfuls are pure goodness then it goes downhill.
Less is more with this stuff let me tell you!
Next time I am getting the smallest size, and I will be far more pleased and not guilty I threw out a mega size bucket.
Hahaha!

My meaty goodness...why isn't Culvers a nationwide chain?
This bacon cheese burger is way too good to come out of a fastfood drive through window.
I had a nice little picnic on the tailgate of my pickup (driving cross country....long story).
I could not believe how great this burger was.
The amazing part is the onion rings might be better than the burger.
If you're passing through Wisconsin, you need to stop at Culvers.

Love it!!!!!
Love it!!!!!!
love it!!!!!!!
Who doesn't love Culver's!

Everything was great except for the burgers they are greasy and very charred compared to other stores.

