A textbook example of the classic barbershop.
Good conversation, no frills, and a darned good haircut from an experienced barber, all at a very reasonable price.
Made my appointment earlier today, got right in, and had a great experience.
Dick cut my hair, did a wonderful job, and wouldn't even accept a tip afterward.
Don't expect a salon experience; it's a true barbershop.
Loved it, and I'll definitely be back.

I honestly dread getting haircuts, because it always seems like such a crapshoot.
I decided to try Dick and Arnie's based on the 1 or 2 reviews I read, and my desperation to find something better than the corporate salons (cost cutters & supercuts mostly).
Also Dick and Arnie's happens to be right up the road from my house.
Ka cut my hair.
He was very cordial and paid great attention to detail.
The prices were as low at any place I've been, but I felt the quality of cut was better.
I was very happy with my experience and will return to this establishment in the future.

Third update... excessive, yes.
Warranted, yes.
Read on.
I'm convinced that Dick & Arnie's is one of Madison's/Middleton's best kept secrets.
True, Dick isn't around much - but in his defense, he's probably been cutting hair for 50+ years, so he deserves some time away.
That said, I've gone back twice since my last review (my hair grows fast), and every cut has been absolutely stellar.
Ka, who has cut my hair the last two times, is absolutely wonderful.
Very attentive, very helpful, extremely friendly, and really knows how to cut hair.
The place seems to thrive on walk-ins, so don't bother making an appointment.
I think that trying to schedule an appointment is the only downside to Dick & Arnie's... and, it was my only source of frustration.
As soon as I accepted the fact that it's best to just walk-in, life has been great.
Set aside 30-40 minutes and walk-in.
Your haircut will take 15-20 minutes, tops; the extra time is "cushion" just in case the place is full.
Don't worry about who does your hair - everyone there seems to know exactly what they're doing, and they do it well.
$15 for a stellar haircut?
No brainer.
Go to Dick & Arnies, appreciate it for what it is, and leave with an excellent haircut.
You won't be disappointed.

In spite of being "Dick and Arnie's" barber shop, I've only managed to ever get my hair cut by Ka.
He's a really friendly guy and gives a great haircut, but I'd like to meet Dick at least once.
Contrary to the other review posted, my experience has been that you need an appointment any time you want to get a trim.
It's not that bad, but there have been times when I've needed to reschedule 2-3 times due to work, and I just feel bad about that.
I'm more used to walk-in barber shops, but since this is the only "real" barber shop in the area, I'll cope.
The haircuts I've had so far have been stellar.
Ka does a great job every time, and asks all the important questions up front.
The first time I went, I didn't realize they didn't take credit cards, and Ka even waited for me to go to the bank and get some cash!
I'd recommend Dick and Arnie's to anyone who likes the "classic" barber shop feel, and isn't a fan of "Cost Cutters" or "Sport Clips", or whatever other chains are out there now.
While it doesn't have all the amenities, they give a great haircut.

Went there not knowing what I was in for.
I made an appointment same day and had Ka cut my hair.
He was exceptional and I am very fussy.
He took his time, listened closely to what I was looking for and nailed the cut.
He is quiet, soft spoken and very nice.
Most importantly he does an excellent job of cutting a guy's hair.
And for $15.00 you can't ask for anything better.
I went to an expensive "salon" in Madison and the woman did a crap job.
I paid 1/2 the price at this spot and Ka was awesome.

It's been 18 months since my first experience with Dick & Arnie's, and they continue to impress me - I visit them at least once a month.
Every cut is as excellent as any I've ever had, and Ka is not only an absolute gentleman, but a master barber.
He listens and honors every request; I can't say enough great things about him and the crew at D&A's.
It's not fancy, but the cuts are superb.
5+ stars.

Great old-school barber shop.
I'm in and out in 20 minutes and the price is right.
Ka and Lisa both do a great job every time.

Can't go wrong with any of the barbers here.
Lisa is great, Dick isn't around much but Ka and the newest barber...can't remember his name...is very good too.
I've been using them for about a year and haven't had a bad cut yet.

I think the other reviews sum this place up perfectly.
Ka is THE man, hands down.
He takes his time, is very meticulous, and you have a top quality haircut when done.
The first time he cut my hair I got the official  "wife seal of approval" when I got home.
That hadn't happened at any of the other shops I've tried over the years - I have tough hair to cut and she usually cringed when I came home with a new haircut.
I haven't gone anywhere since.

This place absolutely lives up to the reviews.
Ka is great to work with, congenial and does an excellent job with his work.
He takes his time, listens to suggestions, and gives a clean custom cut.
It's also worth noting that he does great work with Asian hair.
I've not found anyone else in town who does as satisfactory a job.
Nothing fancy here, just a very good cut at a reasonable price (20 with tip last time I went)

Another 18 months have passed since my last review, and this place remains unbeatable.
Ka, Raj, Lisa - they're all superb.
If you're looking for one of the best, no-nonsense, conscientious, and professional haircuts you could ever get, go here.
You could pay more at another place, but I guarandamtee you it won't be better.
Huge thanks to Ka for sneaking me in today; he was busy and didn't have any scheduled openings, but a customer cancelled and he immediately called and got me taken care of.
I'll be a customer (and fan) for life.

If you want to get your hair cut on a Saturday, make sure you schedule ahead.
Dick & Arnie's Barber Shop (DABS) is always booked solid on Saturdays.
So, I'm really picky when it comes to haircuts.
I like scissor or straight-edge cuts (not trimmer cuts), and I prefer to have a guy cut my hair since (no offense, women!).
I've been going to $30-$45 per cut salons in several cities for the last 8 or so years, but when I moved to the Madison area, I was having trouble finding one that seemed like it would satisfy my two requests.
Then, I read the Yelp reviews about DABS, especially noticing all the great stuff written about Ka.
Since it's only a few quick minutes away from my house, with cuts only costing $16, I figured I'd give it a try, and - WOW!
I am a loyal customer.
Ka gives fantastic haircuts -- the wife approves EVERY time I come home -- and, especially for the price, this guy just can't be beat.
As a person, Ka is considerate and focused (he has a wife and 4 kids in addition to his job at DABS), and it absolutely shows in the haircuts he gives.
Last thing: Lisa, one of the barber/stylists at DABS, decorates the place for almost every holiday throughout the year: St. Patrick's Day, Valentine's Day, Christmas, Fourth of July.
Every time I go in, it's festive fun.

I called in and made an appointment for 1:30 giving me plenty of time to get my haircut and make my massage appointment 1/4 mile down the street.
I show up at 1:25 and someone is in George's chair just starting to get their hair cut.
When I walk in nobody says anything to me so I sit down and wait.
At 1:45 (15 min past my appointment time and still no one has said a word to me) the guy is still getting his hair cut and he is not even close to being done.
So I tell George I can't wait any longer because I will miss my other appointment.
He tells me we still got time to hang out a little longer.
At 1:50 he finally decides he doesn't have enough time to cut my hair.
You are supposed to be hair cutting professionals.
You should know how long it is going to take to cut someone's hair.
If the person before me showed up late for their appointment why should mine be pushed back?
or When I walked in why not tell me hey we are running 30 minutes behind can you wait?
Instead you say nothing absolutely no common courtesy nor do you care that you wasted an hour out of my work day with this.
Someone at Dick and Arnies explain this to me WHAT IS THE POINT OF MAKING AN APPOINTMENT IF YOU ARE NOT GOING TO STICK TO THE TIME SCHEDULE?
I AM A BUSY PERSON AND DO NOT HAVE TIME TO SIT AROUND ALL AFTERNOON FOR A HAIRCUT!
Needless to say I am in the market for a new barber.

