Blech.
My brother heard this was the best Chinese buffet in Sun Prairie.
Maybe that is true, but it must be the only Chinese buffet in Sun Prairie.
I'm not giving it a hard time for "authenticity" or any of that eaither.
I love me some good Americanized, crappy Chinese food.
Here, even the stuff that was out fresh from the kitchen (which was mighty slim picken's) was barely edible.
I was really looking forward to some good old MIdwestern Chinese buffet, too.
The Chinese food options in Portland are actually very lacking, the last really good stuff I had was from a strip mall in Crawfordsville, IN.
Seriously, they can do it right but everyone else serves lukewarm, tasteless piles of mystery?
Gotta be kidding me.
Most options seemed to have been sitting for way too long when we got here, and it was peak dinner eating time.
I should have been tipped off by the low number of patrons at this "best Chinese" but I like to give the benefit of the doubt.
You are better off making Ramen noodles at home and calling it chinese food.

This place is both a buffet and a takeout restaurant.
For take out, it's great.
As a buffet, it's okay.
The food is always fresh and the buffet is refreshed constantly so nothing sits out very long.
It's nothing fancy, but it's good.
Not great.
But good.
It's a favorite for take out while living out in the boonies!

I love this place.
The food is always fresh, they keep an eye on the buffet so they can refill the trays quickly.
I've never had anything here that wasn't great.

UPDATE:  This place closed down about a year ago.
Sadness.
Another mom and pop Chinese buffet goes by the wayside of stretching themselves too thin.
I resisted going here for the past several years that I've lived in Sun Prairie b/c of all the other mediocre Chinese food buffet restaurants I've eaten at that left me a bit disappointed.
Their selection is less in numbers of dishes than other places around the Dane County area; however, in terms of quality and freshness, it's rather good.
Since other reviewers did not go into significant detail about the offerings, I'll mention my first time experience recently on a Sunday (where there were about three other tables of diners):  - peanut butter chicken - mongolian beef - chow mein - a few sushi rolls (x2 varieties) - crab rangoons (better than average) - spring rolls (eggrolls, more aptly) - popcorn shrimp - two types of soups - your basic hot and sour or egg drop (these were just OK) - chicken skewers (these were excellent even though I didn't expect them to be based on appearance) - seafood stir fry w/ veggies - fish fillets - dessert options looked like a few types of cakes and fruit, pudding, and jello.
I like the emphasis on quality rather than quantity.
And this place was clean.
It's tucked away in a strip mall by Walmart, so points against it for location.
But you can't beat the price, $7-8 for a buffet meal!
Of course, afterwards, I had to nap off the food coma ...

I have been eating here for at least 7 years and it's excellent.
Typically a group of us go there for lunch coming from work.
I love the pepper chicken the broccoli and the chicken on a stick things.
Ohh yes, the peanut butter chicken is also excellent.
My 4 kids really love going there too when we happen to be in that area on a weekend.
They've been going there every now and then since they were babies.
I have heard that they may not be able to renew their lease as that part of the strip mall may be changed.
That would be very disappointing.
They have been a loyal staple spot for years while stores with in the mall have changed some of which are still vacant.
If you have not checked them out give them a try.
If you enjoy them go back for a visit incase they are soon gone.

closed.

This restaurant was forced to close due to a greedy landlord that suddenly doubled their rent, probably because of the upgrades done with the new Walmart.
Does anyone know where this family went or if they opened in another location?
I would gladly go to the the one.
I haven't found any Chinese food as good.

