I discovered BrandonEyes through word of mouth and I had an incredibly positive experience, which will result in a continuation of my patronage.
PRODUCT:  First, their product selection is second to none.
They have styles for anyone's taste - fun, practical, trendy, high fashion, you name it.
As a result of their availability, I was able to find a pair of Ogi drill mounts that fit me wonderfully as well as a pair of polarized Kate Spade sunglasses (non-RX).
CUSTOMER SERVICE: The optician that assisted me, Ben, has a natural talent for consultative sales.
There was absolutely zero pressure involved and he helped me identify two products that genuinely fit my personality, appearance, and lifestyle.
I was grateful that he was honest and as a result of his expertise I left with two pairs of eyewear that I can't wear enough.
EYE EXAMS: I do not have experience with eye exams provided at Brandon Eyes.
I usually purchase from an eyewear boutique in Milwaukee (which is where I live).
My prescription from my original Doctor of Optometry was still current, but I wanted to try Brandon Eyes.
Needless to say, my prescription was transferred (with no complications) to Brandon Eyes and I was able to buy eyewear.
I suggest visiting Brandon Eyes for any eyewear need and ask for Ben, though I am confident that any of the employees will be able to help.

Always have great service.
Feel like my eyes are checked very thoroughly.

For those that are interested, GVSS has been the single most influential change on my daily lifestyle I ever decided to make.
It was a low risk decision given that it's non-invasive compared to any type of surgery.
However, I did not anticipate how quickly I would experience the positive impacts.
I was a soft contact lens wearer and alternated with glasses.
Since going to GVSS, I have far less worries including dry or tired eyes from frequent computer use and travel.
I also have the freedom of feeling I will never need to wear glasses or travel with them as a back-up ever again.
Unexpectedly, the clarity of vision amazes me including night vision.
I also appreciate the fabulous team at Brandon Eyes who always manages to impress.

Doctor Brandon is fantastic.
his equipment is first class, and he will help you with anything.
He also won't sell you things you don't need.
He is the one Doctor I have that I feel like actually listens to me and my family, and helps us with all the health problems we have to find solutions.
Focusing, Allergies, diet help for eyes etc.
They always offer snacks and drink when we are there and see us fast and get us in fast.
They are not inexpensive, but their glasses are quality.
They don't sell any plastic lenses.
So you are not going to find cheap glasses here.
That being said my glasses have been dropped and stepped on and never break.

Dr Brandon has been my optometrist for, I don't know, maybe 8 years or more, and he is always friendly, pleasant, professional and efficient.
He has lots new gadgets and fancy testing equipment, I always feel my eyes are in good hands there.
I have also bought my prescription glasses there many times, they are fairly expensive but you get what you pay for, I have never had a problem with glasses I bought from Brandon Eyes.
Great customer service too!
The staff and opticians are knowledgeable and competent as well as good natured and helpful!

