May be one of Middleton's best kept secrets...
I had run past Paul's on numerous mornings and always figured the illumated "Open" sign was an oversight.
Turns out they really are open at 7am each morning, and that they do indeed serve breakfast, including a prime rib breakfast on Sundays!
While I haven't had breakfast from Paul's yet, I can confirm that it smells great!
We did enjoy a few rounds of drinks while at Paul's last night, and really had a good time.
The establishment is smoke-free (a HUGE bonus in our book), and is laid out in such a manner that the place doesn't feel crowded, even when it's busy.
The service was top notch; we never waited or wanted for anything, and we enjoyed watching the cook prepare a wide variety of bar fare with impeccible precision and ease.
The chicken tenders looked amazing, as did the bacon cheeseburgers with grilled onions.
Portions were astronomically huge, and the most expensive menu item was $6.75.
I can't wait to go there for dinner some night.
We finished our drinks, paid our tab, thanked the staff and headed home.
We were thrilled with Paul's and will definitely be back.
We'll update with a report on the food quality as well, but I have a feeling that it won't disappoint.
Go here for: drinks, after work gatherings, breakfast, and to enjoy what appears to be excellent "bar food" (burgers, fries, onion rings, chicken tenders, etc).

This is a local bar and not a fine dining restaurant, but they have a very friendly staff and serve a great Friday night all you can eat fish fry.
If you can get past the noise level and the plain and simple accommodations, you will enjoy the food and the service.

If your looking for bar food, that is what you will get.
Average price, average food.

All you can eat fish fry for $11.75!
Of course Friday night.
NICE Um yeah... lots of seating, TV's and Fish fry?
you CANNOT beat it...
This place is great!
(Bit of a drive from downtown madison) but isnt that what Yelp is all about?
Seriously, cheap food, cheap drinks.
And PLENTY of it... plus this place has been around for quite a while!
(longer than people might think)

It delivers on the name.
I stopped in after work for a drink and never tried the food but this is not my kind of place.

Good food, drinks are priced decently, super friendly staff.
We stop in at least once a week.

Far better then Bennett's for breakfast.
Very clean.
Barkeeps very friendly.
The other customers, bunch of ole timers.
Gotta love the stories they tell, and banter back in forth.
You walked a stranger, but you leave there as family.
And the food is good too.

Great neighborhood bar!
There definitely isn't anything 'special' on tap here, but sometimes all you need is a PBR tallboy to quench your thirst!
I don't come for the drinks anyway- the burgers are delicious!
The local Knoche's beef and fluffy, buttery buns are SO GOOD.
And this is the place to come for your no-frills all-you-can-eat Friday night fish fry!
You're served a dinner roll, coleslaw and potato (I always order hashbrowns!
) and a choice between fried cod or perch or baked cod.
Do yourself a favor and order at least one round of the baked cod!
It absolutely melts in your mouth!

Average place.
Average food.
Fried stuff and fried burgers.
Loud.
Rowdy crowd for fish fry.
Much better places around...
Unless you like average.

Fish fry was great.
One helping was more than enough.
Crowd a little old for us, but they were very friendly.

