Ok, I heard from someone that Culver's had cheese curds.
(For those that don't know what a cheese curd is then ready this wiki article.
Don't worry I didn't know about them until I came to Wisconsin.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cheese_curds)    So, when class got out early today, I decided that I needed to hunt for the elusive curds.
The easiest place to come was here.
But the curds are not the traditional curds, they were fried curds, like fried mozzarella.
A nice snack but not exactly was I was looking for .... on with the search.

5 stars because   1) it's Culver's and   2) I refuse to let an LA resident (Tracy G) weigh down the supreme awesomeness that is Culver's based on her misunderstanding of cheese curd availability!

Recycling in the restaurant.
Our favorites are concrete shakes, the new sweet potato fries, grilled cheese, and cheeseburger.
Very nice & friendly staff.
Food was brought out quick.
Clean tables & restrooms.

The food here is pretty much just like every other Culver's that I've ever been to.
It's a chain, it has to be that way, so I don't really care.
The cheese curds are good in theory but their deep-fried heavenliness will vanquish your appetite pretty quickly, and then you won't be able to enjoy your greasy, cheesy, mayo-ey burger.
Venturing away from the french fries is generally not a good idea.
The pork tenderloin sandwich is godlike.
The tenderloin is about twice as big as the bun that it's served on.
I feel like this is my own little secret since I've never seen anybody else ordering or eating it.
Now the cat is out of the bag.
This place recently did a renovation with a bunch of fake stone veneers and trendy curvy decor all over the place.
Not bad, but I preferred the previous "nursing home meets McDonalds" vibe they had going.
They did manage to improve the layout slightly so that the soda dispenser is no longer right in the way of where people are waiting for their to-go orders.
It still gets pretty nuts at lunchtime though, so prepare to drive around the parking lot a few times looking for a place.
One personal complaint I have with this place is I keep seeing old high school classmates working there.
I pretend not to recognize them.

I don't get it?
I don't understand the fascination with Culvers?
The food costs twice that of Wend's, Mc D's, Hardys, or Burger King, and with the doubling of the price it has double of the grease!
They figured if you "butter toast" the buns you can serve stale bread and know one will know.
If you order through the drive through you will be given a number and have to wait.
Worst yet if you order a sundae you will get it first while you wait 15-20 minutes for you order to cook.
Just in time for you to enjoy you sundae as soup.
Worst yet it is not ice cream it is "custard".
A frank'en food knock off of real ice cream.
Oh, and the fry's are soggy.
I don't get it.
Amongst my friend I'm apparently the only one that doesn't like this place?

I love Culver's.
This is fact.
The thing that makes this Culver's different from the rest is that they had offered Wisconsin-fare, i.e.
Wisconsin Cheese Soup.
Wow, was this fantastic!
The facility was clean, the employees were very happy and the food was very tasty!
I'm glad that I can find quality fast-food, yet sit-down food across the nation!

This is the best Culver's around because it is company owned (not franchised) and they use this store for training new managers, so everyone really knows their job and they are not miserable like most fast food employees.
And the food is almost always perfect.

This place is the bomb.
Fresh burgers and the cheese curds are melt in your mouth perfect.
The service is way above average and the restaurant is very clean.
I have enjoyed Culvers for years when we would visit on vacation.
Now we live here and we make a weekly visit to Culvers for dinner.
Of course you have to top the meal off with a custard.
It is a fast food restaurant but it is way above what you would expect from a fast food restaurant.

Affordable, fast, and yummy!
Loved their Deluxe burger and chocolate frozen custard!
Choco frozen custard was soo smooth and creamy--you won't be able to look at ice cream the same!
p.s.
their cheese curds are pretty good too!

