Had our wedding here and it was fantastic!
Absolutely loved working with Stacey - she answered all our questions and got back to us in a timely manner.
They were totally flexible and the servers/bartenders were phenomenal!
We have had nothing but compliments about our wedding, I would recommend Windsor in a heartbeat!
Because we booked our wedding reception on Friday night we were told we would be receiving a "complimentary" champagne toast.
After the wedding though we received a bill charging us for the service fee and gratuity for pouring the champagne.
We paid it without any grievances, but it would have been nice if they would have informed us of this when we were going over the preliminary invoice.
Other than this minor issue, Windsor was wonderful!

I recently went to a wedding reception here.
I felt sorry for the bride and groom.
The place was not clean for starters.
The food was the worst part.
The salad was soggy from the dressing sitting on it for far too long and then they put on top a hot fresh baked bread stick that came from the freezer, which in turn made the salad hot.
I had the sirloin, it was cold, chewy, and bland.
My date had the vegetarian pasta, it was over done spinach pasta with some sort of flavorless cream sauce and veggies.
Mix in overpriced drinks and you have one of the worst wedding reception venues ever.
Stay away!

My daughter's Quinceañera+/Sweet 16 Formal was held here at Lake Windsor Golf and Country Club on Sunday, April 10th, 2011.
I scouted a few locations, with a few places never getting back to me.
We've a large amount of family and friends for this traditional celebration so I needed a place that was both Big (enough for 300+ guests), Bold (that WOW factor when they even entered the building, foyer and ballroom) and Beautiful (for a place that would accentuate my daughter and her Epic Ballgown.
)  I sent an email to Lake Windsor with no response.
Two weeks later I called, turns out my email was never received.
See?
It pays to follow-up!
My contact from then on was with Ms. Jennifer Larson, the general manager to Lake Windsor Golf and Country Club.
I need you to understand that this traditional event was very important.
I have been thinking about my daughters 'Coming of Age' party since she was five (5) and I went into the planning stages of this event early in 2009.
Jennifer and I spoke by phone and we met up the following afternoon.
She was very informative, knowledgeable, and welcoming.
No one had had such an event there at Windsor so she was very excited about this one!
We read and reviewed the contract, gave her a non-refundable deposit check and we were in the booking book!
My daughter Dylilah and I reviewed the menu and decided on a buffet style lunch and the vendors I worked with (Cake, Balloons Statues, Slide Show, Lion Dancers, etc.
) had no issues having access to the property the day of.
If you'd like to see how great it turned out and how beautiful Windsor (and my daughter) really is, we've got the video here: http://youtu.be/DCX7KZQCzcE?t=2m8s  No, they are not inexpensive but, you get what you pay for and truly, I'm sure Lake Windsor will take your wishes and concerns seriously and execute them into an unforgettable time as they did with us!

Had the best time at a wedding reception here.
Highly considering it for my next formal event.
The scenery is gorgeous, very spacious, staff is welcoming.
It's very clean here and the golf course isn't bad!

I've been to a wedding here a few years ago.
It was nice, but I don't remember a whole lot about it.
I'm more about the golf.
How you like this course will likely depend on when you go.
If it's been raining recently, or is a "wet summer", you'll find several holes are quite soggy.
Greens, fairways, teeboxes - all areas can be affected.
During dry periods, like today (it rained 3 days ago), it wasn't bad and the course was in relatively good shape.
I don't know if it was the sunshine or how the rough was cut (or not cut), but it was really hard to spot a ball in areas where it should be easy.
That was frustrating.
The course layout is nice with some rolling elevation change (nothing drastic) and water in play on many holes.
A few par 4's will make you think about going around or over water for your second shot - that's always fun!
So, while not my favorite course in in the area, I will golf here often.
It nice enough and if you look around you can find some good deals.
The staff are always very pleasant and helpful.

