My favorite place for fast food in Madison - I have both locations in my cell phone for quicker pickup.
If it's Thursday try the Shrimp in Cream Sauce or Crawfish in Cream Sauce special....any other day, the Red Beans'n'Rice with Double Sausage will never treat you wrong!

Arguably the best thing about Madison.
Real.
Legit.
Not Playing.
Close your eyes, bite into the shrimp etouffee, and you feel like the gulf is close.

I lived near the Monroe St. location and frequented this place regularly.
Everything is super fresh and authentic.
I was always a big fan of the crawfish etoufee with a big slab of cornbread.
The spice could be a little inconsistent though, which is probably a result of having super fresh spices one time and then not the next time.
No big deal though as it was always delicious either way.
I regret that I have never had a po' boy from this place, but that is something I will have to remedy ASAP.
I also wish that it was easier to eat at the place.
I know it is takeout, but it always sucked having to walk home smelling the beautiful aromas roll out of the box.
Or, alternatively when it was 40 below/snowing/raining/etc.

New Orleans Take Out is all around greatness.
I absolutely love this place and everything on the menu.
When I was a kid the best times were when my father would take an afternoon delivery to the east side and swing by NOTO on the way back.
It was always such a great surprise when my sister and I would be called in for dinner, and right away you could smell those spices!
Those are some of my favorite memories, and to this day I get a rush of excitement just walking in to the place when I get that first waft...
It really is the best outside of the Gulf.
I really can't even start on what my favorites are because every time I pick something off the menu it becomes my new favorite.
The po' boys are without exception great.
The roast beef was my first love, and I keep coming back to this one.
The French bread is perfect - crisp and the perfect texture for the sandwich.
It took me a while to try the fried oyster po' boy - I was not so adventurous as a kid - but after trying this I see why this is my mother's favorite.
The Gulf shrimp and the fried chicken are incredible.
This place is a 5 star easily on the strength of the po' boys alone, but the rest of the menu is not to be skipped.
The jambalaya is great for those that can't take too much heat, and even better with a bit of Tabasco for those that can.
The shrimp creole - HOO BOY!
Spicy but not excessive, it has enough heat to get you sweating and the flavors are spot on.
Same for the shrimp etouffee.
The red beans & rice with double sausage is my all-time favorite comfort food.
Most of the time I can't make up my mind, so I hit up the Mardi Gras combo, which gives you all three.
Perfection!
And it all comes with a piece of cornbread to finish it all off.
I've only been to the Fordem location, though there is another on Monroe Street.
I'm certain that had I not graduated prior to this location opening I would have made it a regular destination.
As it is, I love coming down Sherman then Fordem, and you're suddenly right there looking at the mural on the side of the building.
I call ahead whenever I plan to stop, but about half the time it is straight up impulse that brings me there.
No matter whatever else happens that day, it's always a good day if you've been to New Orleans Take Out.

I've never been to New Orleans, so I don't know if that makes me somehow less qualified to review this place.
But, I suspect a fair amount of people have never been to China, and it doesn't stop them from reviewing PF Changs.
ANYWAY, the thing about NOTO whenever I have eaten there is that I am always expecting it to be way greater than it really is because of the way people talk about it.
I am always expecting this transcendent experience, but really, all I get is a styrofoam container of some spicy slop that really has no real flavor underneath the initial tongue shock of cayenne pepper.

This is definitely the place for Cajun.
When you go in there I want you to expect a special of the day, homemade lemonade, and a everything made from scratch type feel.
This isn't a place where you meet a hostess and they seat you.
Just expect the best beans and rice outside of New Orleans.

I am kind of in love with this place.
The chicken po' boy has haunted me ever since I left Madison back in 2000 - perfect french roll, mayo, lettuce, tomato, pickle, and seasoned fried chicken breast = what you need.
Also what you need?
an order of dirty rice.
And that shit is spicy!
Get a soda from the machine out front and walk to Tenny Park.
Life is good.

back in my younger days of bakery, I worked at the bakery that supplied NOTO with french bread.
It had to be a certain length, a certain crust, and a certain color if it wasn't......................YIKES!!
I figured if he had such a high standard of quality for his bread, that the same mind of detail would apply to his food, and I was right., I used to eat at his restuarant faithfully every week.....then i moved :(  I was in town so I stopped in on friday for some lunch.
The food was excellent.
I ordered the fried fish with sauce pecan meuniere and the fried cod po' boy.
The bread was ok (I stand by the bread we used to make years ago....it was just perfect), the fish was fried to perfection and the lettuce, tomato, and pickle were just right.
as for the fried fish with the pecan sauce,   I got a half order.
wasn't enough.
I had forgotten just how great the sauce with the rice and the fish really were.
Go here for some great food.

One of my all time favorite places in Madison;  I like it so much that I had them cater my wedding.
I have been eating at NOTO for at least 20 years, and the food is consistently good.
I always have a hard time deciding what to get... the shrimp etouffee?
A shrimp po' boy with Creole sauce?
Or one of the daily specials like the pecan fish or the Cajun meatballs?
The cornbread is also worth noting for its yumminess.

I'm a total foodie and Chicago is great for me except we don't have NOTO.
The best of the best for Creole/Cajun.
Lived down south, been to N'awlins many times when I was a kid in the 70's.
NOTO is the best hands down.
Wish some adventuresome entrepreneur would migrate NOTO down to Chicago.
It would be a huge success I am sure.
We don't have anything that is even close to as good so we have to make our own or take a trip up to Madison!

Ever since my husband (native to Madison) took me here, I always make several trips out from Chicago every year... otherwise my cravings for the Shrimp Creole, Red Beans and Rice with double sausage, Gumbo, Chicken Po' Boy, Jambalaya, and really anything else Roussos has got goin' on that day....will cause me to go into NOTO withdrawal.
Oh!
And who can forget the Panola hot sauce he uses!
There is so much soul in this food and super flavor, but really it's Roussos' own personal touch that makes it so unique.
The food is truly special.
So get yo' self out to NOTO but make sure to bring your appetite!

this place is on my list at least a couple times a month, and it's probably the only restaurant in madison that can claim that.
The only thing I've got to say on the negative side is the crawfish off season are a bit mealy and I have switched to shimp.
everything else is spot on, esp the read beans and rice.
oh, and it's closed on  sunday...which is always the day you start to crave a po' boy.
What do I say you get.
for 2 ppl, we get a full order of shrimp etoufee, shimp creole and a red bean and rice double meat.
all with french bread.
it's a ton of food but oh so good.

My boyfriend and I discuss food often and he talked about his place with reverence always.
Well OMG.. it REALLY is special.
A simple chicken poboy made right..
Dipping it into certain soups of the day (curry chicken and creole cheeseburger were my favorites).
We call them dipping sauces (lol) and have even gone so far as to plan a trip to Madison based on the soups that day.
And their etouffe labelled "too hot to eat" actually lives up to its name while still retaining seriously good flavor is another rare find indeed.

Oyster Po'Boy is money.
Their bread is really good and the taste is unique.

The Jambalaya is better than I've had in New Orleans.
New Orleans Take out is one of the best values in the city.
Can't say enough about it.

Good food for a good price...
I finally got to try out the New Orleans Take Out Restaurant and was fairly impressed.
The wife and I split an order of etoufee and black beans and rice.
It was plenty of food.
Nothing too fancy, but it was tasty.
I will definitely be going back and will hopefully try out a poboy and some of their other dishes.
For the people saying no place to sit.
Are you sure you are rating the correct location?
They had plenty of tables there complete with copies of the northside news paper, isthmus and the onion.

Went here for the first time last night.
Thought i'd give it try based on the ratings.
Im originally from the south so i was a little aprehensive about trying it, but thankfully i was totally suprised!
Husband had the red beans n rice with smoked sausage, i had the shrimp creole and we got a half order of wings.
Everything was excellent and very authentic.
Although i will warn you, it is not for those with sensitive mouths!
Cajun is spicy food and this def lived up to that!
Will be going back

Since I lived in Madison (about 8 years ago) the po' boys at NOTO have haunted me!
The pursuit of a po' boy as good as this has eluded me through 4 cities and countless "nope, not as good"s.  I'm such a fan I bought a tank top on my last visit!
Perfect bread, perfect seasonings - be it oyster, shrimp, crawfish or chicken.
Whenever I'm back in Madison (which is, unfortunately, rarely, I take friends to get a "sandwich as big as yo head" and they never leave disappointed.
As I remember it, NOTO is that kind of hole in the wall place that newcomers hesitate to try out.
My advice - do it!
As much as I love these sandwiches I hardly ever order them out anymore because I know they will never be as good as at New Orleans Take Out in Madison, WI.

I love the food here.
Love the vibe.

Allow me to express my undying love for New Orleans Take-Out.
I lived in Madison almost 8 years ago and have yet to find another shrimp po' boy even remotely close to the delicacy at NOTO.
It's one of those hole in the wall places that looks scary and not hygienic on the outside but is completely amazing and totally worth it.
I remember the first time my dad took me for a "sandwich as big as yo head.
" I had just taken the ACT as a 6th grader and afterwards all I was really capable of was mumbling simple sentences.
I remember being surprised that dad wasn't kidding, the sandwich really was as big as my head.
And that it was like, really awesome.
My fam were instantly regulars.
8 years and 3 citites later, the search continues.
I'm not even asking for a better sandwich (I don't think one exists), but one that's just as good (it seems like that doesn't exist either).
Oh and if this review sounds similar to the one by Sheena F. it's because she's my sister.
It's a family obsession.

Good shrimp jambalaya but great cornbread in a developing neighborhood.
A future spot on Food Network's Diners, Drive-ins and Dives show.

Been to New Orleans...this place is just as good as anything there.
Today's shrimp in cream sauce was outstanding.

Good food, slightly high prices.
I had the crawfish etouffee, my standard cajun dish.
It was quite good.
My brother had red beans and rice with sausage, which he loved.
Our friend had red beans and rice.
All were good.
No leftovers, but we were full.
The fresh lemonade was good; the maple bacon pralin was meh.

Not the friendliest staff, but this place is one of the true gems in town all things-considered.

Good food but totally overpriced.

While in Madison for a ski trip, I tapped into the almighty resource that is Yelp to find some unique eats.
I didn't want to eat any of the other chain garbage that all the other tourists were eating near the hotel.
Enter NOTO.
What an awesome little find!
After reading some of the reviews, I wanted to try a little bit of everything.
The woman at the counter suggested we try the Mardi Gras Combo and the popular Shrimp Po' Boy sandwich.
I wanted to try the dirty rice and was told that I could substitute the regular rice in the Combo for dirty rice.
Yes, please!
First, I'd like to clarify that the sandwich is NOT as big as other reviews may make it out to be.
It's a standard French roll with a standard amount of fillings BUT the flavors are admittedly some of the best I've ever had.
The juxtaposition of creamy, tangy sauce with the crunchy, juicy shrimp combined with the fresh lettuce will have you swooning for more.
On to the combo... What a cornucopia (nods to Candice G.) of beautifully tasty french creole goodness all nestled magically in compartmentalized order without any compartments in the take-out box.
It traveled several miles successfully in the manner as well.
The warnings of the menu and lady at the counter on the spiciness of the dirty rice and shrimp creole were accurate.
It was a flavorful, creeping sort of spice that increased with each bite.
Absolutely fantastic.
The name "take-out" is rather misleading because there is ample seating inside the place and many interesting jazz memorabilia to peruse over while eating so eat-in instead of taking-out as the name suggests.
I'll definitely be making a stop here again whenever I'm in the Madison area for some good ol' N'Orleans style cookin'.

I've always meant to order from  here, but I used to go to New Orleans so often that it's never been pressing issue.
Finally, one day the cravings got to us, so we tried the place out.
The place was exceptionally easy to order from.
They don't play 1,000 questions with you, which is nice.
The menu is easy to find online if you don't have a paper copy.
I admit, when I picked up our order and got it home, we were slightly dismayed at the quantity.
We ordered two dishes for three people.
We spend a lot of time in the Big Easy and have become accustomed to ordering from the locals' joints which cater to the service people.
Large portions, cheap prices.
Then we tasted it.
We had the large trio (combination of a few things) and it was so good -- the flavors were great, the stuff was actually spicy, and I found I could love jambalaya (normally not a fan).
We also go a shrimp po'boy -- I was so excited that it tasted almost exactly at the one we get from our normal go-to place in the Quarter.
While the quantity was less than we expected, the quality was superior to what we get at our little dive joints.
You can definitely see they emphasize flavor and texture, rather than giving you a week's worth of food.
That works for me -- we were all full off our dishes and very happy.

Overall felt like the food lacked flavor.
The jambalaya and gumbo seemed blah to both of us.
The BBQ shrimp and cornbread were both good.

I have been going to both of the NOTO places for many years now, I would have gone four stars but there are some quality problems at the eastside shop.
It is closest to our house so we would like to go there but over the years we have gotten a few inedible poorly prepared dishes from the east side establishment and when it is good it still seems lower quality vegetables and such, less fresh like the food has been in a steam table for a while.
The downtown establishment I have never had a bad dish from as a result we drive across the isthmus to get takeout which is a bit of a schlep so we order from them less often then we might otherwise.

best place ever and good gumbo and chicken filet

Hubby had the fish with pecans, and LOVED it.
I, on the other hand had an absolutely pitiful shrimp Po Boy.
Big ole piece of bread, 8 shrimp set on the bread to try to cover space (it doesn't), smidge of lettuce (not necessarily a bad thing), and mushy disgusting tomatoes.
Take a bite, and all you taste is bread.
Never again.

I had the red beans and white rice with cornbread, dirty rice, fries.
Not quite what my granny used to make.
But the dirty rice was spicy and I added it to the bland white rice and beans to add flavor to it.
It was ok buy upset my stomach.
Cornbread was dense and moist?
Flavorless though.
I wanted some warm buttery cornbread goodness.
Nope.
The fries and bbq sauce was all I liked in my order.

I love this place!!!!
It's an authentic hole in the wall kind if place with the best Cajun food in Wisconsin.
I have been to New Orleans and eating here takes me right back!
The food is fresh and delicious!
My favorite way to treat myself.
Highly recommend

I just love this place.
Nothing else like in Madison!

Can I give zero stars?
I didn't even get to eat.
As soon as we walked in the cashier looked at us and walked in the back and never came back out.
The cooks were outside smoking and gossiping about the night before's drunk.
This was at 6 pm.
Prime dinner time.
The tables were all dirty.
The visible part of the kitchen was messy and cross contaminated.
Overall, we were flagrantly ignored.
We left after ten minutes of non-service.
I was very sad because I had heard such good reviews and the menu looked good, but the facilities were sketchy.

love the too hot to eat shrimp etouffe favorite spicy dish in madison all the kinds of po boys ive tried have been very good could have better beverage selection i like the cornbread

So much on the menu, I wish I could have tried more.
I made the decision to go with a half order and should have gone with the full.
The beans are amazing - I ran into a some great flavors.
The rice is just right not mushy not hard.
The french bread is yum, though I personally could use heaps of butter on it.
Good mercy this red beans and rice with sausage is good.
I wish I had found this place sooner.
Prices are reasonable too.
4 *'s because it's my first time there and "Yay!
I'm a fan.
" Hope to make it 5 after the next visit.

A Madison institution for all the right reasons.
The soups are just perfect.
Creole cheeseburger is one you should try.
The Po boys  are my favorite.
The rice and beans are overpriced.
John is the original owner and totally legit.
Place looks like a Louisiana dive, but is clean.
Counter service only.
Fast.

