A lot of selection.
There wasn't anybody else there when we stopped in so we didn't know if it was open or closed.
Once we found it it was open, we helped ourselves to a delicious scoop.
Nothing wrong the place, just in an off location.

And so begins a series of reviews about dairy... from Maidon's newest non-dairy eater.
(that's me)   Ironic?
Chocolate Shoppe is bomb if you're a fan of flavors but don't really care about aesthetics.
The inside is a little dingy, I wouldn't say grimy, that makes it sound like the place needs a good scrubbin' and that's not the case.
It just needs a little TLC.
Perhaps some paint and some new furniture would give the place the breath of fresh air it needs.
There's a decent amount of seating outdoors though, and that's nice to sit, lick, watch the world go by.
But let's talk about the important stuff, the ice cream.
One word for ya, and not even a real one ZOREO.
Shiz is bomb.
They take their dark DARK chocolate ice cream and wrap in marshmallow and oreo cookies.
What?
Huh?
It's true.
And it's awesome.
I'll be back to try other flavors and update this bad boy accordingly, but let's be honest CS, you can only go up from here.

+Service +Ice cream (I had the zanzimint - yum!
dark chocolate and mint in perfect proportions!
) +One sugarless and three non-dairy ice cream options +Gluten free cones, wafer and sugar options!
Recommend.

The urge for a sweet snack struck the other night, so we hopped into the car and scurried over to the ice cream shop, just a few minutes before they were scheduled to close.
+ Friendly staff member + HUUUUUUUGE selection of ice creams + Mint Avalanche!!!
Yes, please + Generous scoop/portion + Reasonably priced - Rock-hard ice cream; like seriously - concrete hard...
I broke not one, but two, plastic spoons while trying to consume my bounty.
The server struggled to dish the ice cream as well; she really had to claw at it.
I don't want it to be soft-serve, but wowser... this stuff was ridiculous.
+ Clean venue - Dated and hospital-operating-room bright - crikey!
+ Plenty of parking

Look, I am going to be perfectly honest here......
I have a problem, and that problem is Zoreo ice cream.
I had never heard of it until I moved in next door to a Chocolate Shoppe, and now I can't stop eating it.
I used to enjoy things in life, like riding my bike, hiking, and playing board games...now?
I just eat Zoreo ice cream all day and night.
Ever since I had that first scoop, nothing else has seemed worth it.
Oh, the rest of the store is okay.
Sure, the employees are friendly.
The location is pretty good.
Prices are good considering the massive quantities of ice cream that is shoveled into your cup or cone.
But,  none of this matters anymore....so long as they have a full container of Zoreo, all will be okay.

