Service was atrocious.
We're en route from Baraboo to Chicago and had a group of 7.
Though it was Memorial Day, the restaurant wasn't packed yet we waited 25 minutes for a table.
Another 20 before our orders were taken and drinks brought.
The restaurant itself was truly filthy - stained, disgusting carpet and very poor layout so patrons are walking through service areas.
Not cool.
Should have gone to Log Cabin in Baraboo.

when we got there we ask for a couple minutes to decide on food and beverages...after the server had not come back for 25 mins we left.
Your food is not that great so customer service should be where you shine..just a tip.
I will never return to this location.

Two adults and one kid equals a 40 dollar meal.
It's not like we ordered everything on the menu either.
The kid had pancakes and a drink, the adults each had an omelet and one drink.
The pancakes were great, but the omelets were super salty, and the ingredients were the furthest thing from fresh.
The service was horrible.
They kept forgetting things, and it felt like they were trying to rush us out the door, even though there was only one other table there.
Another reviewer mentioned having to walk through a service area, and it's true.
To get to the bathrooms you have to walk through a narrow service area that seems awkward.
The bathrooms were nasty dirty, next time I'll just hold it.
To top it off I got food poisoning and spent the rest of the day suffering immensely.
Thanks International House of Poop!!

Too institutional.
Out of a can, bag, box, or freezer.
Parking is very limited.
Not a fan.

It's old.
It's small.
The staff was attentive.
Food showed up quick and tasted like IHOP food.

TERRIBLE MANAGEMENT!
- Over a year after I quit working at this IHOP because of terrible management.
I called in a to-go order for my boyfriend and I - When I got there, I ended up having issues with my debit card so I ended up running across the street to pull money out of the bank.
When I got back, I asked Jenelle, the manager, if I could have my food warmed up cause it was cold and she approached me with an atrocious attitude, and told me nope and walked off.
So I said, alright, forget it, and left the $30.00 in food and walked out the door.
I will never eat there again because I've come to the conclusion that there food gets cold and hard almost immediately.

Though there are some very good breakfast places closer to our home, my husband is enamored of IHOP pancakes.
So when we get coupons in the Sunday paper we come here for breakfast.
They underwent some sort of change last year.
The place closed down, then seemed to reopen almost immediately - hiring new people (judging by the help wanted sign on the marquee) and redecorating.
The decor is bland and unremarkable - standard American Chain Restaurant style.
We never had any problems with the food before (we go maybe four times a year).
The food is still fine.
I personally wish they had more crepes on the menu but will survive with my lingonberry sauce.
As others have mentioned, you do need to walk through a narrow wait station on the way to some of the tables.
I don't like this, but the staff all seem used to it and so it isn't the worst thing ever.
I've never used the restroom so can't comment on that.

So my family and I are trying to enjoy our meals while a group of customers on the other side of the incredibly small dining room are having a loud conversation, taking calls via their cell phone speakers, and listening to YouTube videos on their phones.
I tell our server about it and the manager is then informed.
When the manager walks past the group to investigate, they're not being noisy so nothing is said.
The noise then picks up again and our server comes by to drop off our check.
We're told that our meal is comped by 50%, which I'll obviously take, but that nothing was being done about the noise because the manager didn't hear anything.
So my complaint was without merit and the loud group shouldn't have been told that other customers were complaining about the noise they were making?!
What an incompetent manager!
The food was merely meh.
Other than the noise issue, our server was fine.

