First off- as an 11-year Madison resident, I ate at Cracker Barrel for the very first time (here) last weekend.
We met friends from out of town, and overall it was pretty good.
The staff had no problem pulling together two tables for the 7 of us, and service was both prompt and correct.
CB serves breakfast all day, and what a breakfast it is!
Portions were fair, not huge, and the price was right.
Bacon, eggs, biscuits and grits- yum.
My only gripe was that the sausage gravy was gelatinous and plopped out of the bowl instead of pouring.
That was kind of gross.
CB clearly caters to insterstate travelers, and it does this well.
You can also find some interesting items in their huge "country store", from cutesy mugs and figurines to sweatshirts for Gramps and Easter dresses for the young'uns.

Food is good, can be bland at times, but still pretty good.
Service is top notch and will try to seat big groups as fast as they can.
This place fills up fast on weekend for breakfast so come early.

I've been to cracker barrel twice.
The food was ok, I agree with Thomas that the food can be bland.
Warning-if its busy don't expect to be able to carry on a conversation very easily.
Can be really loud

It had been quite a while since we ate at a Cracker Barrel.
We stopped there when shopping at East Towne Mall.
I ordered the pot roast and my husband ordered chicken and dumplilngs.
Yuck!
It had more salt than you'd find in food at McDonalds.
The meat in the pot roast tasted processed.
The dumplings were slimy.
The vegetables were so salty, they were inedible.
Pros: The shop is very cute.
Cons: Don't eat the food.

I am sorry to hear about the bad food some people had here because we have never had a bad meal here.
(update, just had a bad meal here.
The shrimp dinner.
one of the worst I have ever had.
They do fish so well but their shrimp was over breaded popcorn shrimp that did not have that country specialness that you expect from CB.
The hushpuppies were also dry and flavorless.
)   I have had very good trout and also a very well done steak.
It fits into a narrow country recipe selection but when you are in the mood for that you can't beat the price and the quality of food.
Service has always been good, the environment is pleasant and there is plenty of room.
The bathrooms are very clean.
The gift shop has something for everyone.
We almost always find something and they don't particularly cater to out taste.
In the midst of country craft, bible baubles and kitchen kitch (is there such a thing?
)  we have found some nice decorative items, ornaments, candy, and other gifts.
Found a hair in an egg and they immediately remade the entire meal and the manager came out to speak with us.
Good and appropriate recovery.
My pancakes this time around were not as flavorful as the last.
They were still good.
On a cold winter day get a seat near the fireplace and have a nice home cooked meal.
The coffee has always been good too.
It isn't fancy stuff but still good.
Folks here are almost always very pleasant and talkative.
Update: The French Toast was nothing special.
Third meal I have had here that I didn't care for much.
Avoid it.
Ham was so-so as was the smoked sausage.
Not a good breakfast for me.
Coffee wasn't good this time either.
Staff continues to be great.
I would suggest the management review all their dishes and step them up a notch.
The meals are underpriced.
Maybe this is leading to less quality dishes.
Stop this.
Raise the prices and improve the quality.

I am writing this review as a big advocate of Cracker Barrel in general.
Every city I travel, I know I wont be disappointed.
Not to sound like a broken record, but my favorite is the Grandpas breakfast with hash brown casserole.
I decided to get the apple dumpling dessert here and to my big surprise, they do not peel the apples here in the apple dumpling.
Call it picky, but other two previous Cracker Barrels that I have gone to, they peel the apples.
It tastes much better and when i told the waitress that, she simply shrugged it off.
When my friend also complained that his berry dessert was only half of what it should be (completely deflated and only half the bowl), she didn't offer to take it back or anything, just kind of laughed it off.
Most likely, we probably wouldn't have sent our food back simply because I use to work in the food industry, but I know its just simple etiquette to at least offer.
Nevertheless, I will still continue to go to Cracker Barrels no matter what.
Good food at a GREAT price.

I nicknamed my "lunch special" the "recession plate," as my portion was significantly smaller than my table mates.
The food was okay, just kind of fatty.
The corn muffins had so much butter it was nauseating - and i love butter.
The only thing that saved this place was the chocolate bar i purchased in the store area.
That shit was good.

I really like CB for a good breakfast meal.
I still think the Original Pancake House trumps them...They are in a league of their own but the CB does provide good quality and breakfast for a excellent price.
You can feed a family of 5 and everyone be full for a great price.
Being someone who doesn't  eat pork and this being a breakfast country restaurant, I am very pleased that they have turkey products like bacon and sausage.
The menu is very large as they have  two, one for breakfast and the other for lunch/dinner.
Service has always been good when I've dined there and the staff has good knowledge of the menu.
I reserve 4 and 5 stars for upscale and gourmet restaurants but is give the CB a solid 3 stars.

