Grade: C  Chain food.
Okay service.
I can't explain why I don't hate this place.

For a chain this place is great...
The chips and salsa is AOK The Bean burger is better than a lot of other places.
and the desserts are good too (the blondie brownie) the servers are kinda rude and uninformed though.

Our waiter was very friendly, he had a southern accent.
I could not tell if he was a high school kid or college kid but he was very friendly and provided great service.
I had the lunch special - half soup and half salad.
For soup I had the chili- it was way too soupy.
Come on, pack the protein, more beans and more meat please!
The cobb salad was not bad.
The avocado dressing that came with it was delicious.
And $7 for that?
Oh yeah.

Good food.
Great service.
Ask for Waitress Aimee ~ she was friendly and professional.

Stopped for an early dinner with my wife,she wanted to try the two for twenty special.
As soon as we told the server what we wanted the service went downhill.
We did not order any alcohol and we were having the special so this was not going to be a big check for the server but restaruant was not busy so any check should be better than no check.
Used the kiosk to pay for meal since i couldn't get the server to come back to check on us.Discount did not show up on kiosk I shouls have been  more aware since i had heard a similar comment from another table when we came in.
Server said not to worry that the amount was correct.
I pushed for reciept showing what was actually being charged to ny card.
server said she needed my card and would have to talk to the manager.
Finally got my paper reciept with correct charges but kiosk on table showed the over charge and had not adjusted.
My wife thought we were going to be billed twice for the same meal, so she has been watching the debit card account.
This incident killed my night and the weekend with my wife constantly checking the bank account.
This incident is all that my has been talking about to her friends all weekend long, I am sure that this will continue once she gets to work tomorrow.

Ordered a cup of the chili and the steak fajitas.
The quality was consistent with other Chili's I've eaten at in the past.
Nothing spectacular but then nothing terrible either.
The atmosphere is typical of the chain, and kept clean enough.
The only downside was the waiter.
He messed up the drink order by bringing a Corona instead of the Blue Moon and included the up sell beans and rice, which I had told him I didn't want at time of order.
Both mistakes seemed to be intended to get the ticket price up to increase his tip.

It's a national chain so you pretty much get what you'd expect.
I have never had problems with the service and the food is always good.

Had the Santa Fe salad.
Man, was it good!

