This flower shop and garden supply center is just beautiful.
Friendly staff that take a moment to answer your questions.
The best selection of new indoor and outdoor plants in the mad city area.

I usually like to visit a place twice before I review, but there were so many issues with my first visit, it's highly unlikely I'll return.
To start with, it's hotter than Hades in there!
It's a greenhouse.
It's summer.
I get it.
But their structure is so small and plants are packed together so closely, that it's really difficult to roam around with a cart and peruse their selection.
I felt hot and uncomfortable the entire time, bumping into plants, bumping into other shoppers...  And let's talk about the selection real quick, which I was told by multiple sources is the best in Madison.
I've since been to several greenhouse and I'm here to tell you, their selection is on par with Felly's in Fitchburg and a few other larger greenhouses around town.
They might have a rare item here and there that you won't find elsewhere, but navigating the uncomfortable heat and nearly un-shoppable aisles isn't worth it in my opinion.
As far as the staff goes, I was pretty bummed that nobody wanted to lend a helping hand when I needed it.
I went with a hanging planter and the idea that someone there would be able to point me towards things that would work well on my shaded balcony, but it was like pulling teeth trying to get any answers.
And I asked a few folks for their best recommendations, both gave sort of general sort of apathetic recommendations.
I certainly could have done some research on my own and gone there knowing which plants to pick up, but for the prices they charge, I think a little knowledge and expertise isn't out of the question.
Tell me what I need, tell me how to care for things.
That seems reasonable to me.
I just didn't feel like they wanted to help me or cared to have my business and that's the worst feeling someone dropping close to $100 can have at a business.

Came here looking for a couple of house plants as well as a couple of plants for my balcony.
Had a list of potential things but I don't have a green thumb and know little to nothing about plants.
Walked around for 30 minutes with a paper in hand, looking around clearly lost and overwhelmed and wasn't greeted once or asked if I needed help.
I eventually gave up and left defeated with no plants.
Pretty big selection, but probably won't come back because of this.

