Think Panera Bread with more of a coffee shop feel.

If you like light to medium roast coffee this is the place to be.
I couldn't find better one on east side of Madison in last few years with the same consistency.
Always not too slow not too busy.
You can hear another person if you are not alone.
Never had a problem.
Had lunch once, if I remember correct it was on ok side.
Plenty of free parking.

I like this place.
The service was prompt with a smile.
Everytime I went while visiting Madison the coffee was great.
They either have an excellent roaster, or train their staff really well (or both).
I  like my coffee to taste like coffee.
Not the sugary, foo foo, macha frappa jacka whatever.
So if you believe that coffee roasting is an art and not a fad, check this place out.
It has a great energy too.
Local art and jewelry designers are supported there and there is a cozy fireplace!
Good post movie date spot

This place is OUTSTANDING!
It is the perfect location to meet up with friends or go to by yourself.
The noise level is perfect not too loud.. not to quiet.
Plus, besides the great selection of drinks (especially sugar-free) they also have a wide selection of food unparalleled to starbucks or caribou.
Happy Sipping!

We really like this place.
Cozy, fireplace, really good coffee.
Some nice paintings on the wall but the one is a myth.
It shows Monona Terrace with the sun setting nearby.
( I think it is the sun- I forget)  Anyway, the terrace sits toward the north and it would be pretty tough to paint the sun there.
Other than that it is a good painting.
The painting of downtown Madison in the rain is fantastic.
I wonder if I could buy that one?
Enjoy the coffee.

So I was in Madison the other day picking up my carpooler near the East Town Mall and I admit....I was trying to find anything that would give me a caffeine buzz....okay I admit it, I was seeking out a Starbucks because at this point....Anything will do!!
I Yelped Coffee Shops nearby and got this little gem!
Too cute!
Coffee was awesome and also got a bagel to go.
The scene inside was comfy and cozy, too bad I had to jet, otherwise I would have enjoyed sipping on my java inside instead of on the highway!
I am happy I know about this place tucked back off the well beaten path!

Staff did not acknowledge us in any way until we ordered, and were unable to answer basic questions about their products.
We ordered a chicken salad sandwich; it was adequate, but I've had better.
It was accompanied by a small bag of off-brand kettle chips and a tiny plastic sample cup full of "pasta salad", which was just some tough, flavorless penne noodles sprinkled with oregano.
I expect a side dish accompanying a sandwich to be small, but seriously, a sample cup?
Maybe it was intended to be decorative.
We also had a "classic" smoothie, which was supposed to be made with real fruit and contain strawberries, banana and orange.
It was decent, but so heavy on cheap orange juice that it overpowered the other flavors.
Aside from the disappointing food and lack of service, it seemed to be a nice enough space.
They had some distinctive furniture and a variety of seating, including both a bar and comfy chairs around a fireplace; a private room in the back available for reservation; and a large outdoor patio featuring a sandbox for the kids.
The food seemed over-priced for the quality, but overall the pricing was competitive with other cafes in the area; while I can't recommend it for lunch, the patio might be a good place for parents to meet for coffee while their kids play in the sandbox.
Honestly, I can't see any other reason to come here.

I have lunch here all the time.
The veggie wrap, Greek breakfast burrito and the caprese sandwich are terrific.
They serve great local coffee and desserts too.
The meeting room in the back can be reserved for small groups (say 10-15).
Friendly staff and locally owned.

Great coffee, amazing atmosphere.
Food is also really really good!

Healthy lunch items on the menu.
Quiches are delicious, hot, but not made to order.
Can be a little pricey on the beverage side ($3-5 for lattes, coffee, mocha, or hot chocolate).
Urban interior with cozy surroundings.
Snuggle up to the fireplace or find a table or up top counter to plug in the computer.
I like the mix of people and the free WiFi while sipping on a Hot Chai Latte.
Kiddie area outside and inside.
Patio area in summer is nice but not shaded.
Back room area is great for 10-15 people and can be reserved.

Cool Beans saved my Christmas vacation!
While in town visiting family over the holidays, my hubby and I found Cool Beans.
It was our refuge as we endured the stresses of visiting family.
The coffee and food is good.
The 3-way fireplace is awesome!
What a terrific place to hang out, not be bothered, and work on the computer.
The staff is friendly the place is clean and inviting.
The East Side has needed a place like this for a long time, and I'm glad that Cool Beans has finally filled that niche.
The next time we're in town, we'll make sure to stop in for a cuppa Joe.

Absolutely best coffee in Madison, topped with a healthy serving of excellent service.
Ambiance is perfect for studying (this is, in fact, my second home), hanging out with friends, reading a book by the fire, or conducting a business meeting.
They have an excellent assortment of drinks (caffeinated and not) and food.
Skip the poor-tasting, cookie-cutter Starbucks and experience some real coffee made by people who actually take pride in their job... and check out the latte art before you put your lid on--they're getting good!

Good food, comfy environment.

Cool Beans.
Neato.
Far out.
When did speech become so convoluted with things like verbs and syntax?
Lucky for us, Cool Beans on the east side keeps it real... in more ways than one.
First off, the seating is plentiful, and when you add a cool outside space during the warmer months, there's no shortage of real estate if your going at it solo or in a huge group.
There's even a back room that looks like it can be closed off with a set of doors.
Coffee and tea are what you'd expect, not the best brew I've had in town, but certainly not the worst.
But it's their food options that blew me away originally.
They really take the whole "cafe" thing to a new level with a plentiful amount of soup, salad and sandwich options to satisfy anyone.
Think Panera, but much better.
Much much better.
The particular day I was there I dug into some minestrone and a half of a jerk sandwich served up on a toasted pita.
Both were quite tasty.
Add some free WIFI and decadent looking pastries and you have the makings for a pretty nifty spot for chit-chat, laptop'n or busting out the bridge set.
People still do that, right?

This is a great place to study or to get your post-workout smoothie!
The ambiance is great for studying, just loud enough to keep me from feeling antsy and quiet enough that I don't get annoyed by other patrons.
This is possibly the best cafe for a balance of coffee and food.
I would actually eat here, as opposed to most coffee shops.
Really, 90% of the time I'd rather starve than eat the stale baked goods.
Also, right next to Princeton Club.

Very nice atmosphere.
The White chocolate macadamia nut latte was awesome!

There are a lot of things I liked about Cool Beans Cafe.
- It's local and not a chain  - The post it note collage reading material provided for you while you wait for your coffee - The featured non-profit highlighted on the back table on the way to the restrooms -The three sided fireplace -The local artists work and jewelry for sale   However, I find the coffee overpriced for the quality.

Cozy and fun coffee shop.
I've had a sandwich and chai tea a few times with a friend here.
I have bought two of their coffee cups and I love them.
Great place to chill out on a cold day.

I have been to Cool Beans a couple of times thanks to a co-worker.
This is a great place to grab a cup of coffee with a friend or meet for a work meeting.
The coffee is great and I usually buy the endless cup as I stay for a couple of hours.
The food is great as well.
The sandwiches are definitely something to try.
The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is cozy.
There are tables and chairs throughout and then there are some comfy chairs if looking for a more relaxed seat.
If you are in Madison on the East Side this a great place to go.

This place is cute, very comfortable inside and the staff is really nice :)  I got a breakfast sandwich and a white chocolate mocha both were so delicious!!
skip the starbucks and head over here, I would highly recommend this place!

Another great local cafe found by the power of yelp!
This cafe is right by the major highways and was on my way driving through IL.
Its on your right side after you turn into the street and the sign is easy to find.
This place has lots of seating, a great big fireplace in the middle with couches around it makes the environment very inviting to sit down and chat with friends/coworkers.
I tried an iced mocha with whipped cream topped, they offer their coffee in 3 sizes.
With my iced mocha I also ordered a chocolate croissant.
Both were delicious and there were so many different choices in dessert that i want to try!
Next time Im in the area I am definetly going to have to try their tiramisu!

This place may be out by the mall, but it is one of my favorite places to write in Madison.
The staff here are amazingly helpful.
The coffee is fabulous (locally roasted), the food is fresh and tasty, and (even though it isnt advertised) they have Gluten-Free bread!!!!
:)  They even have a separate meeting/gathering room.
Love!

I was on the east side for the evening and saw Cool Beans.
I remembered I had a coupon and decided to try them out.
The staff was helpful in making my choice of drink, I got the Turtle latte.
It was so amazing and the girl and the guy who were working there were friendly as could be.
I will be going back!
Worth checking out.

Fresh ingredients!
I had the grilled veggie sandwich.
It was good but next time I'll ask if they can throw some pesto on it as well.
Had a bite of my husband's grilled chicken pesto and can't get the flavor out of my mind...mmm.

I love stopping at Cool Beans for a quick work-day lunch!
It's one of my favorite places to bring a friend when we're meeting up during the work week.
Their food is great and made fresh - I've never had a bad dish here, but my favorite is the grilled vegetable sandwich with the side salad.
I am also a big fan of their coffee drinks.
Hazelnut lattes are my go-to.
Great little cafe!!

