When I think of "Hampton Inn," I think budget hotel.
The decor at this Hampton Inn certainly did not suggest this.
With the dark wood furniture, white sheets, classy black & white photographs accompanying the room numbers, and modern lobby, I felt like I was at a Sheraton or Westin.
The staff was friendly and considerate too - we asked for a room that wasn't facing the highway and she took it a step further by giving us a room away from the area with lots of kids.
The free breakfast was also a step up from your usual continental breakfast - it included sausage and eggs that you can make a biscuit sandwich with, among a variety of other usual items.
We didn't get to use their pool but it looked nice from afar.
The base price was $119 but we had a 20% off coupon through Orbitz.

Loved this Hampton Inn!
Staff was super friendly.
Close to restaurants and shopping.
Clean, comfy, and well maintained hotel, close to the highway and perfect for a quick getaway from Chicago area.

Wow, 5 stars?
Did we stay at the same hotel?
This location is the newer version where the room entrances are enclosed which is a plus.
They've also had their renovation in the lobby with the high counter/seating area.
But my room smelled like stale smoke and the desk was really small.
So while the staff was super friendly and the location is actually more convenient to where I needed to be in Madison, on my return trip I opted to stay in the HGI in Middleton than endure another week in this less than acceptable Hampton.

Front Desk was rude and not helpful whatsoever.
The rooms were small and when we got to our room there was pee in the toilet still.
Would choose a different hotel if I was you.

Slightly lower than average Hampton Inn.
Heat/AC wasn't updated, pretty typical besides that.

Wonderful staff greeted us as we checked in.
The room was clean, tidy and waiting for two very tired guests who had been driving for many hours.
One of the best continental breakfasts we have ever sampled at any Hampton Inn.
We were surprised to see so many guests in the breakfast room since it was so quiet upon check-in.
Even the guests were friendly and cordial.
Mixture of business travelers and family vacationers.
Definitely will return when we visit our daughter at UW-Madison.

