Joyce was able to do a complicated alteration on my Vera Wang bubble-hem dress with a week's notice so I could look Audrey Hepburn glamorous for my sister's wedding.
After my experience with other tailor shops in town, her prices were refreshing to say the least.
She worked with my schedule and did a really nice job.

I would not recommend Joyce for bridal alterations.
First and foremost, she is not friendly at all.
I put on my dress for the first time since I bought it at her store, and was so excited about it.
She made me feel rushed and took away from the moment.
Then, she charged me $200 for bad alterations, which I ultimately took to get fixed for $100 elsewhere.

I thought Joyce did a fantastic job with my wedding dress.
It was significantly large when I brought it to her and it fit perfect when I picked it up.
I got more than one comment that it fit like a glove.
She was timely and friendly.

My experience happened a few years ago, right before she moved to her current location.
I had a bridesmaid dress that was way too big (ordered online far in advance, got serious about diet and exercise in the meantime).
It had a lovely draped bodice and very short train.
Joyce made it fit perfectly and added a nice little hook for the train so I'd have a tiny little bustle after the ceremony (I felt like a bright-blue bride!).
She was not the friendliest woman, but the tailoring was perfect, done when promised, and I thought the price was outstanding (compared to what a fellow bridesmaid paid out in the boonies for similar work).
I would go there again with any formal wear without hesitation.

Joyce did a fantastic job on my wedding dress.
I am very pleased with her work.
She is on the quieter side, but not unfriendly.
I would recommend her to a friend.

I have had 2 great experiences with Joyce (a rehearsal dress and my post-wedding picnic dress) and just called for an appointment for a bridesmaid dress.
She does a great job and is straightforward.

Joyce was THE BEST!
I live in Chicago with only weekends to get the majority of my wedding plans done and she was very helpful about scheduling and working within my time frame.
She made a number of adjustments to the bust of my dress and added a gorgeous bustle.
The work she did was perfect and the amount she charged was amazing!
There have been a couple comments from other reviewers saying she was "not friendly" but I did not find that to be the case at all.
I found her to be professional and straightforward.
I'm also not looking for people to fawn all over me and treat me like a child.....I would recommend her to anyone for any sort of tailoring or  dress adjustments!

