This Michaels is ok as a craft store, but if I have to do a giant store, I'd usually rather go to the big JoAnn's.
The customer service at this store tends to be lacking.
After asking for assistance with an item (I need more than were on the shelf) during a recent visit, one clerk called for someone to help me (as she was with another customer).
I waited and waited and waited.
No one came.
The clerk finished with her other customer and then walked off.
I ended up putting back the item I wanted more of and just leaving without them.
I can say this that's good about this Michael's: they always have a huge selection of Martha Stewart crafting products and a great cake decor aisle as well.

Please.
Someone tell me somewhere better I can turn... maybe local?
It never fails... they're understaffed, overstocked and uninspired.
The last one I can't fault them for too much because that's a personal thing, the place just doesn't speak to my inner Mather (which I think everyone has... deep... deep inside).
Getting back to my two other points, I can never find someone to ask anything.
I always go with a clear idea of exactly what I need and it usually has something to do with a Yelp Event.
And time and time again (I'm talking Michael's nationwide) I can never find a sales associate.
I swear at the holidays they play that rollicking game of "how few cashiers can we get by with" and the customer always loses.
Add to this the fact that pine cones (which I love), bows and fake garland overwhelm a guy upon entry, I want nothing more than to leave as soon as I arrive.
And check in.
So what's the haps Madison?
Where can I turn?

Yeah, it's absolutely not hip, and yeah the customer service is not much, but this place has EVERY themed scrapbook sticker you've ever wanted.
AND HOW MANY PLACES IN MADISON CAN SAY THAT?
That's a real question.
In any case, this place can, and they've got a pretty nice selection of painting supplies, ribbon, gardening trinkets, sparkly things, probably inedible multicolored sprinkles, knitting tools, and fabric markers.
Oh, and they have the whole Ace of Cakes line of baking supplies, even though the Food Network show was cancelled in 2011 (maybe they're worth something on eBay!).
Mikey's is not the place to go for a personalized shopping experience, but is a great place to play the "how many things can I buy for $1" game.

Swung-in for some picture frames on 6/7/14.
Pleased to discover a buy one, get one half off sale on all frames.
+ Tons of household items - everything you could imagine to complete a crafty project - Pricing is a bit high, but there are often specials that offer a reasonable deal - Only had one cashier working on a Friday night (at around 6:00pm); there was a significant line at check-out, but it moved fairly quickly  - Like Corey D, I couldn't find someone to ask a question of; I eventually figured it out on my own, but staffing seemed quite light  + Custom frame shop in-house

