Local Starbucks, clean, and a friendly staff.
The hot spot works well for my IPhone.

If you're comparing this to the other Starbucks in the Madison area, it has been my experience that this one is the best.
Clean, friendly, fast, and the drinks are done even more carefully here.

Great service but turn up the lights.
I know that it is sunny in the afternoon but really??

Friendly, Fast, and Clean.
Good drinks too.

It's a Starbucks, they're friendly, prompt, and consistant.
Easy on/off the beltline.
No drive through, but the Fitchburg drive through is a joke anyway.

Yes, I am reviewing a Starbucks.
The reason for this review was for the exceptional service I received here this past weekend.
My wife has been saving the points up on her Starbucks rewards card (a gold card).
It turns out that you have to cash in free drinks within 30 days on your card now, and they can not be stored and used when ever you like.
So instead of have multiple free drinks on her card for us to use, we only had 1 free one.
The employee at the counter explained this new rule to us, and still hooked us up with a second free drink any size/ any kind of our choice.
It was truly awesome customer service!
So thank you lady employee behind the register this last Easter Sunday around noon.
Other things I noticed about this Starbucks, it was very clean, a well organized pastry/muffin area.
There is no drive thru, so that kinda sucks.
I counted at least 3 people working behind the counter, so staffed properly.
Our drinks were made quick and tasted great!
4 out of 5 only because it is a Starbucks and there are just so many of them (its not original).
Again, excellent customer service!

I only drink their teas and they are fine.
The nice aspect of this store is the employees.
They make the difference between this coffee shop and other places.
Case in point, I was in line when a woman handed the barista a card with her order.
The barista read the card, rang her up, took payment, smiled and then gave the hand sign for 'thank you'.
Super sweet.

So this Starbucks is a really nice one as far as comfort goes.
It's big, a lot of seats a nice fireplace and the bathrooms have been pretty clean each time I've been there.
My problem here is that they don't brew a blonde roast.
You have to get a pour over if you want it.
Normally that would be fine, but at this location they can not seem to remember they started one.
On 3 different occasions I have watched my coffee sit there getting cold.
After almost 10 min one time I got an apology...
But normally it's about 5 min after it's been done that you get it (after asking).
No apology... Just here.
It's kinda sad.
It would have gotten a 5 star, but they forget you.
It would have been 4 star...
But no apology.

Yes its Starbucks and I prefer Ancora, but.this Monona location has the best service, friendliest staff you will find.
It's often busy at 9 am but it's fast as one could expect.
I've been to the others and it's no contest, Monona rules.
No drive through, but I find the staff so good I don't mind coming in.Very well run.

