Grade: D  Yeah, I order my martinis served on the rocks and in goblets... Duh.

Great food and service.
Thanks.

I stayed away from this chain for years, but after a business trip forced me into their doors multiple nights, I gave my home location another chance.
The food is predictable but getting more adventurous over the years, and the korean tacos are pretty exotic.
I try not to eat here without looking at the nutritional information in advance; the one time I didn't, I ate half an appetizer (loaded baked potatoes) and a salad and found out that was 2100 calories.
There were also pretty substantial delays in service.
My other half dozen visits have had excellent service and well prepared food.
Maybe the staff wasn't at its best because they were here on New Year's Eve?
Though I seldom use it, they have a very nice drink list, especially if you're a fan of tequila.
It's also one of the few restaurants I know that offers reward points for eating there.
All in all, I choose to go here for a standard night out with people who can't agree on what they want to eat.

The Korean tacos are not half bad, and the kid really likes the burgers.

My boyfriend and I went here because we had a $25 gift card and thought we'd get a cheap meal.
Too bad TGI Fridays is incredibly overpriced.
Maybe it's my own fault for choosing something besides a hamburger, but the pasta dinner I ordered was just awful.
It was clearly a frozen meal they just heated up (I asked for no mushrooms and they told me it wasn't possible).
I know many restaurants do this, but when I get a $50 bill for food I could have heated up at home it doesn't make me happy.
Might as well go to Denny's.
Same quality food, way better price.

I only like this TGIFriday's.
Their service is very good.
I have never had to wait more then 10 minutes to get a table.
The food there is very good.
Always consistent.
I always usually order their House Sirloin-10oz.
It is always juicy and flavorful.
They always keep sodas and other drinks full and their manager always checks on you to make sure that your experience is a good one.
Keep up the good work!!

Great food!
Prices are very reasonable for the amount you get.
Always very busy when I've been in, yet service is still great!

