Pssst.
Tiki Bar nights.
Limited selection but darned fun with one of the best views in Madison.
If you don't believe it then all the more for me!

Sunset at the tiki bar is as good as it gets besides the Union!

the tiki bar is fun!
(open in the summer every night from 4p-10p with the exclusion of possible friday and saturday night weddings that rent it out privately)  but the fish fry on friday nights is definitely worth skipping.
cold, bland food for too much money.
full of elderly people, which usually means it's just bland and cheap, but it was $24 for my husband and i to have the buffet (which is the only option on fridays, don't know about other days).
i love fish frys and this one was highly disappointing.
BUT i'm still giving this place 4 stars because the back yard and tiki bar are pretty stellar and they have a sunday brunch that i'd still like to try out.
i wouldn't go there for dinner again though, but if you want to drink a beer and sit by the lake (assuming that you don't already live on a lake), this is the place to go!
friendly staff and gorgeous views of the capitol, especially at night.

Wednesday night BINGO is a BLAST.
My friends and I go every so often and have so much fun.
Cheap food & drinks - plus tons of great people watching and of course - the occasional win!
Overall - really cheap, hilariously fun entertainment.
Dobbers are $1 each, and cards range from $6 - $18 depending on how many squares you want.

Not a bad venue for large gatherings and group functions, such as weddings, reunions, and fund raisers.
There are two floors - both offer great views of the lake; the staff is prompt and friendly - there's rarely a wait for drinks.
The bathrooms, while small, are usually clean and serviceable.
Plenty of parking in the outdoor lot.

I'm astounded at the fuss is around this place.
Outside of the view and that it has that hipster smell, what's the attraction?
Limited beer selection.
I could accept that if the food were good.
But it's not.
Went for the "famous" Friday fish fry.
Clearly nothing is made from scratch.
The coleslaw was average.
The roll was something out of the freezer.
The "roasted" potatoes were still crunchy.
And the fish was on the order of Mrs Paul's.
Seriously, I don't expect a lot from a $13 fish meal, but I do expect better than what I was served.
The cafeteria at work serves better fish for half the price.
The service was good and the people were friendly, but at some point the food needs to carry it's weight.
This is a restaurant after all.

