This review is only for the painting department.
Although, for most departments at Farm & Fleet you will get the help you need by a knowledgeable person.
We had almost no idea where to start with our painting needs.
We were doing 5 rooms.
After looking at colors for a bit one of the employees, Koua, came to see if we needed help.
We were given advice on the type of paint we needed, why one was better or different than another.
The difference in price vs quality.
We were shown and again explained the difference the rollers and brushes.
None of those things were done with the attitude that if we didn't by the most expensive our rooms would look awful.
We ended up using the F&F brand.
One of the paints turned out to not be the color we expected.
The color was what I had picked, so the 'mistake' was my error.
I brought it back in and it was changed to exactly what I was looking for.
Another employee, Mickey, even explained why one color would work vs another.
If your thinking about painting, one room or many, make Farm & Fleet your first stop.
The prices are competitive and the helpful staff made the whole experience stress free.

Spent 1k last week on tires for 2 cars at F&F Stoughton rd.
Set up a 1 pm appt for both cars to have tires installed today.
When we scheduled the appointment we were told it would take an hour.
Now being told it will be 4pm before they are done because they forgot about our vehicles.
beware folks.
This is not service.

This review is for tires/automotive - I made an appointment (the only time they take appointments) to get my '06 VW Jetta an alignment.
I got there at the appointment time.
45 minutes later I saw my car still sitting in the lot.
I asked the guy at the counter and he said he would check with the technician.
He came back shortly thereafter and apologized and said they couldn't do an alignment on my car because it was a VW and they didn't have the right tools.
What a joke.
Thanks for wasting my time.
So I want to CV Pros on East Wash and they had me in and out in an hour!
That's the last time I will get my car serviced at Farm and Fleet in Madison.

Good 'ole Farm & Fleet.
+ Plenty of parking spaces - The intersections at either end of the frontage road are a nightmare; not the fault of F&F  + Great inventory of items; tools, automotive things, household items, pet supplies, etc - Watch the pricing; certain items are quite a bit more expensive than competitors + Plenty of helpful staff available to assist when needed + Check outs are usually quick

