Similar to the Middleton one, but this one is a bit better and has better decor.
Good for take out.

Grade: C-  I really hope that was chicken in my Chicken Lo-Mein.
What happened to this place?
What a dump.
Good service but I kept wondering how old the huge mold stain on the ceiling was.

Had lunch here today.
All in all, the food is tasty and I've been her several times before.
Unfortunately, my co-worker got a hair in her food and had to wait for them to re-cook it, but that was a huge dent in the dining experience.

Been going here for years but either the quality has slid or my taste has improved because the last few times have been a disappointment.
I really wanna like it as I live nearby but anymore I drive to the west side location which is not perfect but it has higher quality food.
Why can't this town have one good Chinese place, I'd eat there once a week!
instead we have 50 awful ones and three mediocre.
This is one of the Mediocre, but for the price it should be considerably better.
maybe this is what midwestern mall shoppers want?

The food is still tasty but business seems slower lately than prior years.
Still retains a great interior.
I've never really checked out the bar.

The food is fresh and good.
we have ordered hot and sour chicken and sesame chicken.
Looks like both of them are cooked fresh.
The soup is mediocre.
The service is really good.

This is the worst Chinese food I have had could not even finish meal...ordered general tso's chicken with egg roll.
I do not recommend this place.

Nice decorations and inerior, that's about it.
The waitress is not helping at all for selecting good menu.
They are charging for hot tea and pepper oil.
(I guess they need to do that recover from investing for the interior.
) Go ahead cross the street and go to the food court in the mall.
They have better service and half lower price for the better food.

After reading all the reviews i was really hesitant on going to this restaurant.
My boyfriend and I decided to stop by since we were craving Chinese and decided to sit in the bar.
Obviously everyone has a different opinion but this place was amazing!
First off, the hostess was adorable and incredibly sweet.
The bartender was amazing and he made us feel right at home.
And the owner of the restaurant seemed like the sweetest lady in the world.
The decor was what I would expect from a Chinese restaurant but they made the restaurant feel classy and not cheap.
I ordered the pepper steak no tomatoes and my boyfriend got pork egg foo young.
Wow is all I can say.
The beef actually tasted like real fresh meat!
Not the rubber fake kind you get at other cheap takeouts.
The only draw back i had was that the peppers and onions were cut pretty big but that wasn't a huge issue.
My boyfriends egg foo young was like none other and they sure didn't hold back on the sauce!
The pork inside was actually Chinese bbq pork and it sure added a kick.
Overall, the prices are a tad bit high but worth every penny!
All the workers and the owner are so helpful and you can tell they really appreciate their customers.
This is definitely my #1 stop for Chinese on the east side!

Overall experience was disappointing.
For all of the awards that they've received that they display in the entrance, this experience was not good.
Food was okay, probably one of the most bland general tsao's chicken I have ever had.
And last but not least, the service was terrible.
I had to wait 20 minutes for my second glass of water.
If you are looking for a good Chinese restaurant, your best bet is to save a few dollars and get a better meal at Panda Express at the east town mall across the street.

I don't know what all the bad reviews are about.
I eat lunch here once a week or so and like the food and service.
Not bad at all!

Lame, I didnt have very high expectations but had heard a very good things and I was not impressed.
The bartender told me everything was fresh and prepared in house and made to order.
After I ordered the food came out literally within 1-3 mins so I know for a fact that it was not fresh or made to order.
To be honest I would have been more satisfied with food court chinese/asian food.
Sad comparison i know, but true.
I would not eat there again.

Hands down my favorite place for Chinese food in Madison.
Consistency is key for me and IG is always consistent.
The pace is slower than some restaurants, but it's worth the extra time.
We eat here at least 4-5 times a year and it's always a great night with great service.
Cashew Chicken, egg roll, shrimp rangoon and a glass of wine = LOVE!

It was not bad but the wonton soup was bland and the chicken and broccoli had almost not flavor.
Tasted like the chicken was boiled.
The beef and pea pods were good.
Reasonable dinner size plate

Imperial Garden Chinese Restaurant was recommended to us when we moved to the Madison area.
I was in the area for a business lunch and we decided to try it out.
The atmosphere was great for a business lunch.
The highback booths allow for private conversations.
They would also make great date booths as well.
The atmosphere was quiet and allowed for conversation.
The first thing I noticed was the local art and crafts that were for sale in the restaurant.
There were handmade bags and paintings.
Both were great products.
I am looking forward to bringing my husband back to Imperial Garden to show him the art.
The decor was welcoming and not overly kitschy - no gold waving kitty....so to all who love those.
The decor was a step above.
I ordered the General Tso's chicken (standard I know).
It was ok. A little bland, but if you are not a fan of spicy food then it would be for you.
If I ordered it again I would ask for them to kick up the spice.
My colleague found the heat level just right.
There was no wait for lunch during the week, The manager stopped over twice to check on our meal.
Overall, a great experience and we will be back!

Good food, good service and clean.
I had the cashew chicken, my wife had the general tsao's chicken and my son had chicken fried rice.
All were very good.
My only complaint, and it is very minor, is that the chairs have wheels.
It is very easy to scoot yourself around unexpectedly.
I will definitely return the next time I am in Madison.

I really don't know what happened with all of the negative reviewers.
We've been coming to Imperial Garden since 1997.
We've tried other places, but this place is easily the best  for Chinese food anywhere in the area.
Chicken & Broccoli, Beef Lo-mein, Stir fried rice noodles, steamed pot stickers, & the chicken egg foo young are all great!
General Tso's is good too.
Staff is very friendly, many have been working there for 10+ years, and we are remembered when we come in- a nice touch.
We've been to the westside location as well.
Good, but not as good as East, if you ask me.
If you don't believe me, take a look at the wall in the lobby.
They've won best in Madison nearly every year since 1987!
How many restaurants around now can say the same thing?

My husband and I returned to Imperial Garden for dinner with our children.
We were there on a Friday night.
There was a bit of a wait (about 20 min), but nothing out of the ordinary for a Friday night around 5:30 pm.
We had another great experience.
We found IG family friendly and able to accommodate our two children without disturbing any other guests.
Our five year old loved the experience and the food as well.
And as parents know, if your children are happy, you are happy.
We ordered the (very affordable I might add) lo mein for our daughter.
It was good and there were plenty of leftovers between the lo mein and the two entrees we ordered.

Try the shrimp egg foo young.
It is the best ever.
The shrimp fried rice is great, good with vegetables.
Don't forget the bar.
A lot of people like to stop in.
The bartender is friendly, just like the show Cheers.
You can order and eat at the bar if you want.
The manager Rose is elegant and full of laughter.
No worries at this place.

Two fav dishes are the chicken sizzling rice soup and the princess beef (which they don't have on the menu anymore; closest dish is the oyster beef).
Also love ordering the tropical fruit punch.
Has a nice atmosphere.
Wish it wasn't so pricy but the food is great.
Would continue to go back for some soup and maybe try the Peking duck sometime.

Good service.
Not that high on the food.

We really enjoyed our meal there.
We ordered a variety of dishes including curry beef,  egg foo young and Governor's chicken.
Nothing trendy,  just reliable Chinese dishes.
Everything was fresh,  and the beef egg foo young was especially good.
We'd return.

Best Chinese food in Midwest.
I'm from the San Francisco Bay Area, and the quality here matches any Chinese restaurant back home!

This place is mediocre at best.
My husband and I ordered for carry out.
We ordered the crab rangoons as an appetizer, however, I think they forgot to add the crab to the filling.
The were stuffed with chunks of cream cheese--very boring and lacking in flavor.
My husband ordered the General Tso's Chicken and I ordered Cashew Shrimp, neither of which were remarkable.
We are going to keep trying to find a decent Chinese restaurant in the Madison area, that's for sure.

This place gets top marks from me.
The food was delicious and prices are very favorable.
The service was very polite and prompt.
I asked to add tofu (NOT fried) to my eggplant/Thai basil dish.
Normally I get arguments about not frying my tofu (I really, really don't care for fried), but not here.
The chef expertly prepared my meal.
The seasoning and sauce was really nice.
The sauce was just the right amount.
If I had to say one thing... the rice was a little sticky, but I can totally see past that because the overall meal was just great.
I enjoyed the left overs the next day.

Very good lunch.
$30.00 for three of us.
Steamed dumplings for appetizer.
2 shrimp lo-mien and 1 cashew chicken with egg rolls.
Almost an entire plate of shrimp and noodles to take home.
Snack of cashew chicken taken home also.
Great service and very good food.
We'll be back when we come again to Madison.

Not sure why this place has so many good reviews as the food is not Chinese!
I'm a Chinese girl myself and I know how Chinese food should taste like.
And this place does not have the authentic Chinese taste, in fact, it is a mixture of American, Thai and Chinese altogether which makes me disappointed.
However, what makes me even more disappointed was when I ordered beef lo mein, The waiter was too busy chitchatting with guests and put in pork lo mein instead.
When I called him back (it was a takeout order) he was saying it was his mistake and will credit that for my future order and refused to replace it!
I was like, really?
Definitely will not come back and  not recommend this place to friends and family!

Ordered food for delivery at a local hotel after 8 hours on the road.
Gave all details of where we were staying and after an hour and 15 minutes got a call asking why we had not picked up our food.
Were told there was no indication on the order that it was delivery!
Terrible miscommunication at their end!
When food arrived it was cold and not one fork or napkin in the bag.
Very frustrating for hungry weary travelers...be careful if you are ordering delivery from this place!

