The lunch buffet from 11:30 to 3pm is crazy delicious!
Weekend buffet is 10 dollars a person.
Try a little bit of this and that, take what you want, leave what you don't.
Great food, good service.
I recently went to their Odana Rd location on the West side for dinner and the food was still very, very good, but the price was nuts!
So stick with the lunch buffet and you will have happy belly and happy wallet.

One of a select few good places to eat on the far East side of town.
I mean come on, between a bunch of chain restaurants flanking the mall and Maharaja, there's no comparison.
Love lunch buffet, and you can in fact grab a solid dinner as well.
Perfect dinner for two: samosas, ginger naan, bainghan bartha (mashed grilled eggplant mmm), and mango chicken curry.
The service is very courteous for dinner, they drop your napkin in your lap and you get a hot steaming towel after your meal!
Extra points for the extremely bass-heavy hip hop gospel music coming through the wall from Now Faith Ministries next door.
They have one helluva sound system.
If that's not your sort of thing, then avoid typical church hours.

Excellent lunch buffet, quick service.

Love this place.
Their lunch buffet is great.
So is their dinner menu.
My partner and I went there for dinner on New Years Eve and for Valentines Day, we had so much fun.
It is a relaxed atmosphere and they have great food.
I recommend the Tikki Masala.

Tired of "phone-it-in" lunch buffets, with the same 6 dishes day after day?
Then Maharaja might get you out of your funk.
I've been to their lunch buffet about 5 times, and EVERY time there is a new dish or two that I've never seen before.
Great price on the lunch.
Wonderful dessert selection.
Good variety between meaty and veggie dishes.
Love the goat curry.
If you like Indian food at all, you can't go wrong with a lunch at Maharaja.
(And for facebookers... No, I did NOT eat 4 times tonight.
Just catching up on some restaurants that deserve a good review.

The buffet is ok, but I came back for dinner and the specific items are very good.
I had a vegetable korma and a chickpea curry.
Samosas were super.
Chutney could have been a bit spicyer, but hotness on the food at medium was quite good.
Go here for dinner.
Yum.
They had as special, 2 entrees, nan, rice and popadom for $20.

I have drove past this place a thousand times, and never realized it was even here.
I didn't discover my deep and passionate love of Nepalese food until moving up to the Twin Cities, but over break my dearest mother suggested we go to the Maharaja on the east side.
"On the east side?
" I scoffed, foolishly.
"There is nothing but chain food and malls on the east side!
"  I know this statement fairly well, as we grew up 20 minutes east of the east side of Madison, making a trip downtown quite a hike.
But she assured me that it was in fact  on the east side.
And not on the east side like....Ella's Deli is on the east side.
This thing is on the East Side as in East Towne Mall is on the East Side.
So, reluctantly, I went in.
AND WAS GREETED WITH AWESOME.
This buffet was amazing.
They had a coconut soup which was great, all of the chicken dishes were great, they had a wide variety of veg dishes...I was so stunned and amazed.
Even though I didn't partake, they served strawberry lassi...mmm!
Finished off with some mango ice cream, I couldn't have been more impressed.
Whenever I visit home, I always drag my family along to Maharaja.
Delicious, and a good price.
All the staff are very friendly too!

This is it - the cream of the crop.
I've lived in the Madison area for the past two years, have visited many of the local Indian buffets, and have found none that equal the Maharaja standard.
Buffet dishes change on a daily basis, but you can always count on their show-stopping chicken tikka masala to be in the mix.
In addition to the standard meat curries and tandoori chicken, they always offer multiple vegetarian dishes and an array of appetizers.
Recommendations:  coconut soup, vegetable korma, malai kofta, baingan bhartha, chicken tikka masala, mango ice cream  The staff is wonderful and always keeps plates of naan a plenty :)  Maharaja is by far one of Madison's best restaurants.
And, you can't beat their lunch buffet deal (under $10).
But diners beware, it is incredibly easy to overeat at this place...forcing one into an almost immediate food coma upon settling the check.

This place had its awards placed up near the entrance, so they can say they're awesome.
But, these awards are outdated.
Remember one that was dated back in 2008.
No 2010 yet.
ha.
Had the Tandoori chicken and the Lamb curry.
The lamb curry was awesome, although not enough lamb chunks.
The tandoori was excellent and spicy.
Had a side order of naan too.
Delicious!
But expect to pay a good amount.
Its quite good and the awards don't lie.

The staff here make the experience.
Since I am not a fan of buffets, I can only tell you about the meals here.
DELICIOUS.
I don't eat meat, my boyfriend almost only eats meat, we both found things we loved.
it was the best!
We liked to eat here once a week since it was so amazing.

I'm not usually a fan of buffets, but Maharajah's lunch buffet was quite enjoyable.
I tried small amounts of a variety of dishes and sauces and all were tasty.
Their stuffed eggplant special and goat curry were super.
The food seemed to be recently made as it was not dried out or overcooked.

Sorry I am indian and as a indian this place blows .. Their aloo parathas are a cop out the just use samosa filling for the stuffing ...
The spicy pickles are from a can, also their vegetable curry is made with frozen vegetables not fresh ... Also I know its not a authentic place when the serve beef...  No authentic place will ever serve beef, they will serve goat, lamb, chicken and every animal except beef... what else, oh yea two of the servers started chewing each other out in the back of the room where EVERYONE could here.... Also they should invest in making "chaat" food - street food of india .. they had none of that one the menu!
I will give it 1 star because the garlic naan was good.. Also our waiter was really nice it was some guy who moved here from SD... Save your indian food craving and head down to Chicago

I am not sure what I like for Indian food but this was damn good.

Pretty good lunch buffet, theres alot of vegetarian choices if you stick to a certain kind of diet like myself.
I eat only Halal meat.
I haven't asked if any of the meat on buffet was halal only because I don't want to make a fuss.
I will however call ahead and see if they are serving any Halal meat before I decide to dine for dinner.
Sometimes they have Chicken and Goat but sometimes only goat.
As far as authenticity goes, I can't personally say because I am not south asian.
That being said, a friend of mine who is complains alot that there is no authentic south asian restaurants in Madison.
This how ever does not take away from the tastiness that I have experienced at Maharaja.
They have satisfying dishes that come in satisfying portions.
If you dare to go to the spicy side of the spectrum they are constantly filling your water, which is awesome.
You don't want to be left without water when the burn becomes too much.
You can ask for not so spicy though ;)  The only not so great thing I've ever had here was the Cheese pakora, they kind of seemed like they were pre made (as in frozen) and not fresh.
That was the only thing, ever, in all the times I've been to Maharaja.
Both east and west locations have awesome service and tasty main dishes.

You'll be treated like royalty at the Maharaja.
I first came upon this place by chance.
I was in town for work and noticed that there was an Indian restaurant nearby.
After reading the great reviews on Yelp, I knew I had to try it for myself.
I ordered the Chicken TIkka Masala along with Naan bread and a cup of chai.
I ordered the food to be Indian hot.
The waiter replied, "I like your confidence!
" It was very tasty and hot just as I like it.
The restaurant was well kept, the staff treat the guests as royalty so the service is wonderful, and the prices are decent for what you're getting.
Don't forget to stop by the Indian grocery that is located next door to this location!
It has a large selection of items so that you can make your own Indian dinner at home.
Will I be back the next time I'm in town?
Absolutely.

We did takeout and we ended up with large portions of excellent chicken tikka masala, garlic naan and veggie pakora and they gave us free chai for the road!

I have a new found love for Indian food and when I found myself in Madison I had to check this place out.
It was most excellently delicious!
The staff was very nice and the price for 3 people including 4 drinks and an appetizer was about $75.
If you ever find yourself on the East side of Madison, you should really check this place out.

The food here is good.
My husband and I are new to Indian food, so I can't speak to its authenticity or how good it is in comparison to other Indian food, but overall we really liked the food here.
The chicken tikka masala was particularly delicious, though there were lots of very good options at the buffet.
The naan was also good (and needed to cool the mouth every so often).
The service was okay!
Nothing good or bad to say there.
The inside was really not all that awesome.
That was the major part that brought down the experience for us; it looked like it could do with a face-lift.

The decor was ok.
Nothing special but there were some odd mylar stars and hot air balloons hanging from the ceiling  Came in for dinner and there are two other tables at 8:00 on a Thursday night.
I wonder if people go to bed early around this neighborhood or if this place just isn't that popular.
Coconut soup was weird .
A mix of hot coconut milk that's been watered down and then laden with sweetened baking coconut from a bag.
This was definitely not fresh coconut in any way and I found this soup to be disapointing.
Lamb Saag was about as much lamb as you might expect for a dish costing 12.95.
It's uniform liquidey sludge was a little too reminiscent of diarrhea for me and I lost a little of my appetite, though the lamb was tender and cooked well.
The overall dish was very very salty with no special taste.
Just a little spicy, a little Indian, and a little lamb.
They are probably using curry paste from a jar, or there is just not a very imaginative cook in the kitchen because the whole dish was lacking in flavor (besides salt).
A whole cardamom pod was left hidden in the diarrhea sludge, which led to an unpleasant burst of cardamom in one bite.
Rice had clearly been sitting around for awhile and was very dry throughout with crunchy bits and very chewy bits.
I just don't see how this is acceptable to serve someone in a restaurant.
Rice is one of the cheapest ingredients out there.
If the rice has been sitting for too long, throw it out and make more.
I tried the saag with the rice and the oily mess of lamb Saag rehydrated the rice somewhat, and the rice's absorption of the Saag took away some of its saltiness.
Three sauces or chutneys that came with the papadom were not very good at all.
Had to ask to have my water glass filled every single time I finished it.
(this is a major pet peeve)

Excellent, excellent!
Very impressed with their assorted curry dishes.
Highly recommend.
Don't expect fancy atmosphere.
The staff moves at their own pace but that doesn't matter when the food is soooo good.

We went for the buffet on a Sunday morning, and are so glad we decided to give it a try!
My husband's favorite is Chicken Tikka Massala - which they had on the buffet.
I'm pretty new to Indian food, but there were so many options and so many things I liked!
The service was amazing!
Our water glasses were constantly full, which is good considering some of the food is really spicy!
We're not from that area, but if we were in the neighborhood, I would consider going there again!

What a great find!
As several others have pointed out, the decor is nothing to write home about - nor even to dwell on it in a Yelp review, but It has always been my contention that if you offer great food at a fair price and are not offering a dining experience, then restaurant cleanliness and an attentive wait staff is a better investment than wood carvings and mood lighting.
We came for lunch and it turned out they had a fantastic buffet!
Everything from tandoori chicken to palak aloo.
Every dish was so flavorful and authentic.
Having spent two years overseas where I associated with several Indians, I know they would have been suitably impressed.
The waiter brought naan to the table and was there when our water glasses emptied.
He didn't hover but he was attentive.
My lunch partner and I got a kick out of the sign that politely let buffet eaters know we were welcome to the food but would be charged for waste.
It should go without saying, but I have been to several all-you-can-eat buffets and have witnessed first hand the amount of leftover food that has to be thrown away because people take too much.
Personally I think part of the blame should be placed on the cooks/managers for not putting out a better product, but certainly the customer is largely to blame.
Hence, a sign that clearly articulates the Maharaja's expectation of its customers is a good thing.
Let's face it, if the food was bad, the customer would be screaming...  Bottom line, Eat here if you love Indian food.

At tha advice of the reviews on yelp, my family decided to try out this restaurant.
Excellent food at decent prices.
If you like Indian food, I would highly recommend that you eat here.

I was in town on business and had a free night so I decided to give Maharaja a try.
I had the Mulligatawny Soup, Garlic Naan, and the Tandoori Chicken.
The food was really good (awesome Naan!
) and the portions were quite large.
The chicken was out-of-this-world and I could not finish it all.
The only negative was the service.
I dined on a Tuesday evening at 6:30ish.
It took a long time for my waiter to take my order.
Though the place seemed relatively full.
There were only two waitstaff.
When i arrived, there seemed to be several employees outside smoking.
Also, My waiter was not of Indian descent, which is perfectly fine, but he did not speak English, thus my questions about the menu and what he recommended went unanswered.
It also took a long time for my food to arrive.
From the time I sat down to the time my food arrived was almost an hour.
All-in-all, I would go back again because the food was very good.
I would have given 4 stars, save for the awful customer service.

I went here at the suggestion of several people who told me how great the food was.
I admit my experience with Indian cuisine is limited, but for the most part pleasant, so I thought it was worth a try.
The food was outstanding!
I ordered Aloo Ghobi.
Really flavorful and spicy.
I don't know if this is commonplace everywhere, but since I moved up from Texas it's been really difficult to order a dish and be satisfied with the level of heat.
Here they asked if I preferred mild or hot, when I said hot, they asked how hot, I said very and they definitely delivered.
My husband ordered the tandoori chicken which is a very generaously sized portion.
It comes out on what looks like a small griddle, steaming, with peppers and lemon slices.
They also brought out a big bowl of white rice along with some Naan bread that we asked for.
All in all, it was a very satisfying experience and we will definitely be going back!
Service can be a little slow, but the staff are very attentive and helpful.
They're also really good at refilling drinks, I know it seemed like our server kept refilling my glass every time I took a sip.

I can't say enough good things about this place!
My husband, son and I go there at least once a month and it is always delicious and they take such good care of you!
Some restaurants look at you when you walk in with a little one and grimace they are always joking with our son and making him, and us, feel very comfortable!
The food is SOOO good - not a bad thing on the menu!
If you're looking for a great Indian meal in a great atmosphere with fantastic staff this is the place!

Our family went to celebrate a birthday with an Indian dinner - there were 6 of us in our happy group.
We have been going to the Maharaja for years, to enjoy the lunch buffets, Valentines Day, birthdays etc.
Tonight the food was good, but the service was an issue.
To start, we could see that the staff had changed.
The service took a long time, even though there were only 5 tables with customers and six wait staff.
The server did not understand English well enough to properly place the order, so there was extra wine for one person.
Also, the glassware and flatware were spotted, with some that needed to be sent back.
The service had really changed for the worse.
The server would clear one dirty plate, then wander off, return five minutes later to get another and so on.
The Manager or owner really needs to train the staff.
They were all working, but seemed unclear as to who was responsible for what duties.
We also ordered ice cream and a special birthday dessert, while very tasty - the service was vey slow, at least 10 minutes from the time the ice cream was ordered to served.
What really put us over the top was when they refused to accept their own $50 Gift Certificate that they sold to me in June towards the $160 bill (not including tip).
It had only been approximately 6 weeks.
Apparently, this location has been sold.
The old owners still own the location on Odana Rd (same name), but not this one.
Therefore, they would not accept their own gift certificate and told us, we could use it at Odana Rd.
Interestingly, they still kept the Best of Madison sign on the door for the old ownership,  they will need to take this down.
Again, we were surprised at the business decision about their own gift certificate.

Authentic Indian in Madison, Wisconsin.
Score!

The neighborhood felt a little sketchy, and as a solo diner, my service wasn't very good.
Food was OK though.

My husband and I came today with a group of 14 people for their Sunday lunch buffet and I have to say, for the price, excellent service and quality of food, I really recommend this place!
I called ahead and they allowed our group to have a semi-private room away from the restaurant but close to the buffet.
The buffet had all the dishes you would hope for and some unexpected ones as well!
I really enjoyed the chicken tikka, chana masala, samosa and more common dishes...but they also had a goat dish, fish, several biryanis, really nice chutneys, etc.
My only complaint  about this place was that the naan wasn't in a basket with a napkin to keep it warm...it was just plopped on a plate and got cold quickly.
The naan was great and deserves to be kept warm!
The dessert section of the buffet had a ton of variety but the mango ice cream was superb.
Apparently, when you order a meal during the week (even take away!
), everyone gets a mango ice cream as well.
The food was excellent but the mango ice cream will bring me back!

