So far this company has been VERY disappointing.
Unfortunately they  have the market cornered for laundry pick-up and delivery service in Madison so at this point we really don't have the option of finding someone else.
Maybe because Lazybones primary caters to students (what student can afford this??
) they think they can do a terrible job at customer service and nobody will notice.
They picked up our laundry on Monday.
It was supposed to be delivered on Tuesday.
It was not.
We made sure that they had our waiver so they can leave it on the porch.
It was not delivered on Wednesday.
I get home yesterday evening (Thursday) and lo and behold, NO LAUNDRY!
Really people?
Okay I'm out of underwear.
Of course by the time you get home and discover that they did not deliver your clean laundry, once again, the office is closed!
They attempted to deliver on Wednesday at 3:30 and, despite our waiver, did not just leave it on the porch.
The reason why we are using this service is because my husband and I are NOT HOME often.
Via email and phone calls we tried to work this out all week and we thought they were clear on our needs but, alas, I am still underwear-less.
As I mentioned, there is no other business like this in town, so we are really hoping they pull it together and we can make it work.
I remain dubious due to the fact that this national chain seems to have no actual humans operating the branch in Madison.

Hmmmm, that's interesting.
I wrote a scathing review about Lazybones on Friday.
It is now posted in the filtered reviews.
Please read!
This is a terrible company.

All I can say is - never again!
I only use them because I am pregnant and not supposed to be lifting things.
However, the past 2 times they were 3 hours late delivering - when they had a 5 hour window to begin with!
In addition, this time they used fragranced soap which I am allergic to, and I will need to get it rewashed.
For such an expensive service, they give you absolutely zero customer service.

I cannot RAVE enough about this company!
My son got the mumps and had to be isolated  the last week of school.
We had to do alot of last minute changes re: packing up, shipping and storing his stuff.
I must have spoken to Lazy Bones 10 times during that week and they could not have been more accommodating, They made this as painless as possible for me, telling me exactly where to get the boxes and shipping supplies (they set up very convenient places right off campus), re-scheduled my pick up time to accomodate me, and told  me they would ship the remainder of my son's stuff home so I did not have to worry about it.
We live in California and received the boxes in 4 days!
In addition, every time I called they asked about my son and if there was anything else they could do to help.
I HIGHLY recommend them and we will be customers for the entire time my son goes to school in Wisconsin.
Oh, and their laundry service is awesome too!
Truly a great company with excellent customer service!
5 stars all the way!

