Great customer service!
I recently bought a HE washing machine from here.
Friendly service and great last minute help.
We will be going back here for any other appliance needs.

Our refrigerator broke 2 months ago while on vacation.
It was repaired, but I was told that I would likely need a new one soon.
Everything inside was rotten, we thought something in the house had died!
I came home from work yesterday, a Friday evening, to hear the familiar buzz and click noise that I had ignored the week before the frig broke two months ago.
I opened the freezer and everything was defrosting.
I called a couple places and I was told I would have to wait until next week to have a new one delivered.
I called Brothers Main and Dave said he would see what he could do about getting a new one delivered the next day.
Dave, and the owner of the store were very helpful, no high pressure sales, just very interested in helping us out.
They even offered to give us a free loaner if the one we wanted was not in stock!
The frig we ended up picking out was listed as having damage on it's side.
We saw nothing, but they offered a discount anyway.
The frig arrived this AM around 9:30.
They called half hour before they left the store to confirm and called again when on their way.
The delivery guys were very nice, and extremely careful.
I was happy to see that they used sound ergonomic lifting techniques too.
The new frig is up and running, looks great, and our food did not have a chance to rot.
Thank you Brothers Main, we'll be back when our next appliance kicks the bucket.

I had a very poor experience with Brothers Main.
Went to the store to get information on an entire house worth of appliances, as we're building a new home.
The salesperson was very friendly and knowledgeable, and the in-store experience was a good one.
From there, it was all downhill.
It took a full week to get a quote on the appliances we discussed in the store.
Since we are under a bit of a time crunch with the builder, that was not helpful.
We called the store four times to request the quote (after waiting 5 days we called, and were told that we would have the quote by the end of the day.
It didn't come.
We called the next morning, and were told we'd have the quote "within the hour".
We called 4 hours later and were again told we'd have it "within the hour".
Finally, after the 4th call, we received the quote.
To add insult to injury, the quote included a price higher than the Brothers Main website price for the fridge we had picked out.
We will be going with another provider for our appliances.

I was in search of a new refrigerator, I did a lot or searching online.
I found that Brothers Main promises low prices.
I went in one evening to look around and was hoping to settle on something that evening.
The gentleman working the floor was extremely nice, wasn't pushy at all.
He was very patient with me (I think I looked over some refrigerators like 20 times!).
He was very knowledgeable and if he didn't know something, he looked it up or consulted with another colleague.
Once I found the refrigerator that I wanted to purchase, he showed me that they were indeed the lowest price (he brought up other competitor's prices via internet), and he even knocked off additional money to be sure.
He discussed that within 30 days if the price became lower somewhere else, they would refund me the difference.
I had my refrigerator delivered and the two gentleman who installed it were VERY nice and a pleasure to work with.
My whole experience with Brothers Main was a very positive one.
It's always a pleasure to support local businesses, and they do show their appreciation for their customers.
Will definitely be getting future appliances through them.

