Sure, you could e-file but then you'd miss out on the pleasant banter and helpful advice I picked up from Duane.
Reasonable rates that clearly pay for themselves.
Even with my simple filings, he found some things I had missed that bumped up my refund.
Did an even better job with Kate and her new business enterprise.
While not glamorous, it was a pretty excellent way to spend $65.

Amazingly, every year I look forward to doing my taxes and it's all because I can leave everything in Duane's caring and capable hands.
His rates beat the big folks and his staff are bi-lingual and extremely accommodating.
Duane is smart, quirky, and trustworthy: exactly what I need.

I admit that I read the reviews for Beckett Tax & Accounting, and suspected they might have been "planted," but after my experience today, I can assure you that the folks at Beckett are super solid, and did indeed make filing my taxes enjoyable and easy.
I made an appointment with Tonia about a week ago, and was asked to bring in my previous year's tax return so that we could track deductions, and make sure that we didn't miss anything.
My tax scenario is a real spaghetti mess...
I won't bore you with the gory details, but I had several moves/re-locations, several different employers, dividends, IRA moves - all sorts of fun stuff...   Tonia handled it all with ease, and she stayed chipper and friendly throughout the entire appointment.
Duane lent a helping hand a few times (when she was looking for odd-ball forms as required by some of the other states that I had to file with), and offered suggestions and recommendations as appropriate.
The best part is, that despite the complexity, the preparation fee was more than reasonable - about 2/3 LESS than what I usually paid with folks like H&R Block.
And, I felt really good about the whole thing after I left, so that was a bonus.
It was a real pleasure working with both Tonia and Duane - I highly recommend them.
The rates are completely reasonable, the service is top notch, and they seem like really good people.
What more could you ask for?

My wife and I went here after reading the reviews and were not disappointed.
Bethany did our taxes right in front of us within 30 minutes and explained everything clearly and concisely throughout.
The rate of $80 was extremely reasonable and actually paid for itself as she found a couple of deductions that I had missed while entering everything in to TurboTax.

I think I hugged Duane two times today!
We just did our taxes through Beckett Tax and my husband and I couldn't have been happier with the results!
I would recommend him in a heartbeat.
All of these other reviews are so true.
He made taxes fun (who knew?!
) and made the numbers (that feel like a foreign language to me) easy to understand.
Awesome!

I returned to Duane and his staff for my tax duties again this year, and couldn't be any happier.
As was the case with last year's filing, this one was effortless - quick, professional, helpful, and pleasing.
I was in-and-out of the office in about an hour, and my tax-prep bill was well under $100 - what a bargain!
Service was stellar, and I was pleasantly surprised by the results of my refund - I had anticipated needing to pay in, but instead received a refund.
WIN!
Stop going to the "big box" tax preparers, and don't bother with the headache and risk of preparing taxes on your own.
Go see Duane and his crew - you won't be disappointed!!!
They ARE the epitome of a company that delivers "complete customer satisfaction.

I was so stressed out about my taxes - hadnt filed in two years, owed money, moved 3 times and changed jobs twice - it was a mess.
By the time I left, I was getting a refund and all my paperwork was organized into clearly labeled folders for me.
They're just great.

I found Beckett Tax through Yelp.
I saw Brianne, who prepared my taxes.
She was friendly, helpful, and professional.
Best of all: I ended up paying less for my tax preparation than I had at a different tax preparer (about half as much).
I'll be recommending Beckett Tax & Accounting to all my friends.
They're even open Saturday and Sunday the weekend before taxes are due!
Procrastinators rejoice!

It's 2012, and for the third year in a row, I saw Duane and his staff, and what can I say?
The service was absolutely superb.
If you're looking for qualified people to prepare your tax returns, look no further.
They are extremely friendly - Duane gave me a warm and friendly greeting when I saw him in the hall, even though he was on the phone.
They are precise with their preparation, and the fees are BEYOND reasonable - I literally pay 1/3 of what I used to pay to the "big green-box tax company.
"  Don't bother with DIY tax return software; go see Duane and his group.
You'll enjoy your time with them, and they'll take great care of you.
I was reminded that they provide year-round service; if I receive any communications from the State or IRS, I'm told Duane and his crew will be there to help.
I used to pay extra for that service with the othHeR guys.
So..
I know I'm gushing, but I really do appreciate Duane and his company.
I'm certain I'll visit them again next year - you should visit them this year.
Beckett Tax & Accounting = WIN  Service = 5 stars Value = 5 stars MISC = 5 stars  Go.
Go now.

I never thought I would feel so passionately about my accountants.
But finding myself part owner of a small business, I can say these wonderful people have changed my life for the better, again and again by being so supportive, responsive and helpful.
They answer questions quickly; they explain things well; they do a wonderful job, and they are really fantastic human beings.
We work with Sarah and Brianne, and I can't recommend them enough.

I came here because of the other positive reviews, and I'm so glad that I did.
I was in a bad situation with my taxes and felt incredibly anxious and not up to dealing with the problem.
Duane Beckett and the others in the office made me feel better right away.
They were completely nonjudgmental about the many mistakes I'd made in dealing with my situation, resolved my problem 100% (including dropping off my state taxes themselves!
), and charged me what I thought was an incredibly low rate.
(They charge significantly less, and were *significantly* more professional, than another accountant I'd seen earlier.
)  Thanks to their help, I'm not sure whether I will actually even need an accountant again in the forseeable future, but if I do I have absolutely no question about where I'll go.

Very knowledgeable and cordial staff.
Duane is the best and makes taxes easy peasy!
I am definitely a fan.
I , too, was skeptical of all the positive posts/ratings but I tried someone new (again) after being nickel and dimed to death with my last accountant that came highly recommended from a friend.
Unfortunately, she did my taxes incorrect, and I had to point it out to her!
Then she tried to assess me a $50 charge for doing so!
You will NEVER be treated this way with Duane or his staff.
Very meager charges for what you get back in your return with Duane.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!

So happy with Sarah here.
She is nice, quick, and, most importantly, does a great job!
For not much more than Turbo Tax, they get me a big-refund.
To me, it is so worth it.
It sounds like there are going to be some changes and a move, but I'll follow Sarah wherever she goes.

2014 - been going to Beckett for 5 years now, and I have ZERO complaints.
Heads-up: they're moving next year, but they'll give you the deets when you have your appointment.
They still provide superior customer service and a fantastic tax experience at a price that's too good to be true.
So good.

