Been going to this Credit Union (CU) for my business for about 6 months now, great location (located on west of Central Ave. between McDowell Rd.
& Thomas Rd.
along the Phoenix Metro Light Rail line).
Best time/date to go to the bank will be Tuesdays through Thursdays as there are usually a line when I get there on Mondays and Fridays.
This CU closed on Saturdays and Sundays.
The also have 2 drive-thru lines on the side of the building as well as a night drop-off box.
The CU is locate on top of an athletic facility.
Make sure you get your parking pass validate when you visit the bank.
All the bank employees are friendly and very polite and they all know exactly what they are doing.
I would definitely recommend this CU if you are new to the area and/or need a good loan rate.

Boy have they really gone downhill.
Tellers are still nice, but now they have ticky tack fees for everything just like you'd expect at a big bank.
And, paying a fee just for checking is not something I expect from a credit union, especially when there are banks out there now that offer TOTALLY FREE  CHECKING (Washington Federal, First Bank and my favorite Bank of Arizona to name a few.
) Also, some of the more personalized services they used to offer, they just don't anymore (calling you with issues on the account, etc.
) so why bank with a credit union (which has more limitations) when there are no additional benefits?
That's why I left.

The reason I went into this credit union was really because, compared to banks like Wells Fargo and my former bank MidFirst, they had a GREAT interest rate on a simple checking account (for balances over 5k at the time of this review).
I have to say my absolute first impression when I walked in was not super great.
No one really seemed all that interested in helping me.
Maybe it was just me, it could have been that they had JUST opened their doors and were still getting situated..I don't know.
At any rate I left there less excited about banking with them than when I walked in but it did not take long to turn me into a HUGE fan.
I can't see myself going to any other bank again thus far.
Customer service has always picked up right away whenever I have called,  I even sent them an email and I am not sure it took them 10 minutes to reply.
They have relationships with several other credit union branches that I can walk into and make deposits and transact business with, so even though they only have one ACCU branch near me who's hours are not convenient for me there is another CU about a block that they co op with that is open on Sat and I can go in there.
That stuff is all really great but what really did it for me was their website and mobile app.
My, now former bank, was not even close to this easy to use and ACCU's website is actually very useful  to me.
I am a bit of a tightwad with my cash and like saving my money, this website makes it SOOO easy to track my spending and help me make adjustments.
I also used to have to have a paypal account to easily send money to people as my old bank just used to have your everyday  bill pay that every bank has.
The payment system ACCU has rivals PayPal in my opinion, for how I have used paypal in the past anyway.
Like I said my overall first impression was not super great, I was actually sort of leery about closing my regular bank account after my first meeting but now I almost can't wait to close it.
It's not to say MidFirst is bad, they aren't.
This is just MUCH better in my opinion.

