So here's the good, the bad and the ugly.
First and foremost, she's an outside of the box doctor - and that's hard to find.
Someone who will go the distance regardless if you're a textbook case or not.
Dr. Shafran ... words can't describe her bedside manner, but once you get past her rough exterior, she's like a little puppy - soft, cute & cuddly.
The staff... well, some days are good - some not so good.
Overall- I refer everyone.
Along with that I let them know that she's going to yell at you but instead of feeling insulted... laugh it's worth it.

Dr. Shafran is wonderful.
I would give this 5 stars if it were just her.
She actually takes your needs into account when prescribing treatment, she'll ask about what your insurance can cover and not, etc.
This is important as many neurological treatments can quickly get pricey.
And she's bright.
Very bright.
She'll try everything to help you improve and never give up (she's driven too).
I give 5 stars for Dr. Shafran.
But her office staff gets 2 stars.
I have had at least 4 Rx refill requests per year fall through because they couldn't keep track of my pharmacy requests (I tried giving 1 week notice, then 2 week notice... but they lose it every time & blame it on the pharmacies).
After 3 yrs of being a patient there, I sadly had to leave because of repeated missed Rx refills were a risk to my health.
The wait times at the office used to be atrocious, they might be improving to under 1/2 hr now...
I used to come expecting a 1hr wait (my longest wait was 2.5 hours).
That being said, Dr. Shafran treats you like you're the only patient in the world when you're there.
I love that you can ask her as many questions as you like.
Overall, I would recommend going to Dr. Shafran, but mail order your Rx's.
Be proactive in dealing with the staff (there are only two of them) and don't allow them to shift blame to you or others for their mistakes.

I have suffered with migraines for 41 years, and if you have had them, you get what it is like to not live life during those times.
Mine usually come in clusters, generally not lasting longer than about two weeks - and generally only about 4-5 times a year.
As long as I preempt them with medication at the first sign, I am good.
The last six weeks I have been living in a newfound private hell.
Either my body is rebelling (all those wrinkles, lol?
) or weather?
Whatever it is, this is the longest cluster I have had.
I called this office BEYOND DESPERATE.
Mayo is booking into October - and I can't take anymore pain.
I am so impressed with the office staff and the doctor.
I have not even been in, and was virtually in tears when they told me they were booking first appts in three weeks.
THREE WEEKS??!!
It MIGHT as well be next year, with the pain I was in.
Bless her heart, the receptionist asked e doctor if she would come in a little early next week one day to see me...and she said YES!
That is old fashioned medical care and service.
I haven't even been to the office yet and I am already giving five stars.
Impressive.

