Good for their simplicity, they have this cheapo little sandwich called a "skinny" that is just meat and bread.
Of course, if you want anything else on it they start jacking up the price, even for mayo or veggies.
Pretty good though for a quicky snack.

Now known as Milio's....different name, same sandwiches.
Yummy...and they deliver!
I dont' like pizza....so this is definitely my choice convenience food!
It sucks that they only includ lettuce and tomato...but the bread is great, which is key.
I love the Pilgrim's Pride.
They are pretty heavy on the mayo...so watch out.

Open late, delivers late, and high-quality.
I'd never have gotten through my senior year without 'em.

heck yeah.
I think the secret lies in the bread.
White or wheat, it'll disappear quickly.

I didn't eat at BIG mike's.
I ate at Milio's.
I don't know which location, but it was downtown in amongst the UW campus and State buildings.
It was very cold that day, around 19 degrees.
So, I will just post my review here.
It was good!
I had the Pilgrim.
What a novel idea, keep the sandwich simple and make it good (why don't you learn something Subway!
) I highly recommend Milio's, and I highly recommend very little.

Can you please move to San Diego?
I went to UW and ate BIg Mike's a lot!
The tuna is my favorite.
It's unlike any other tuna sub I've had from other chain sandwich shops.
The bread is fantastic.
Can't comment on the prices since I haven't eaten here in years.

you get what you expect from this sub place.

Ordered 2 sandwiches w/o tomatoes, when we opened them they had tomatoes and the bread wasn't fresh :(

When I thought about a review I would write for Milio's I thought 'Meh.
I've experienced better.
' Oh wait, that's Yelp's 2 star indicator.
Well, it's true, I have experienced better - it reminded me of a Jimmy John's copycat.
Except the bread was what they give away as 'day old'.
I tried the #8 Big Steer and the meats and cheeses used seemed fresh.
It was pleasant to eat - but I should be using adjectives like yummy, tasty, scrumptious, and even finger lickin'.
But this meal was more or less fulfilling my need to not starve.
It was a means to an end.
I do have to congratulate Milio's for their advertising campaign through their countless billboards along the beltline.
I knew it was only a matter of time until I stopped in to see why I deserved a Milio's sandwich.
It did it's job, it got me to come in, well done.
I won't be returning anytime soon.
Oh, and this specific location was doing construction to their floor tiling, not only did I trip on the floor mat that was laying disheveled on the floor but so did the two customers that came in after me.
What a lazy job they were doing in there.

You'll never be disappointed in the food.
I've never had a sandwich that was below expectations.
Ordering online is an issue, though.
Three online orders and they're one for three on getting that sandwich delivered in less than 40 minutes, and I only live 6 blocks away.
On one particular order, when I called after 30 minutes, they admitted to completely neglecting the online order printout they get.
I've resigned myself to the fact that, if I want Milios, I'm going to get in the car and drive there and back.
This alone will likely take half the time than ordering online.

Great bread!
But I wish the sandwiches were a little bigger.
I got the wheat sub roll with meal deal and it disappeared too quickly...left me hungry!
I guess I'll try the french bread next time.
Maybe it's a little bigger.

