My grandparents have came here and my father since they were young.
I remember  coming here when I was a kid.
I have always loved there pork fried rice.
The portions are outrageous.
Just make sure to eat in to get more.
They serve you on large dishes and bowls.
When you order take out they come in the typical small white chinese boxes.
The place isn't easy on the eyes but the food is well worth it.
Hot and fresh!

I grew up eating in little hole in the wall chinese restaurants and I really wanted to like New Garden.
I had driven past the place many times and thought it was abandoned but after looking on Google and seeing some good reviews on Yelp I decided to give the place a try.
The interior matches the exterior,  There were food stains on the wall next to the both I was eating in.
The server laid out our place setting by handling the eating surface of every utensil she put down.
One of the bowls they brought us was dirty too.
The server never came around to see if we needed anything else but she did decide to drop off more napkins right as we were finishing our meal.
The food isn't bad the prices don't match the service and the questionable cleanliness will make it enough for me to never come back.

This is the worst Chinese restaurant I have ever been to.
Here is a list of problems:  1.
Too expensive for a hole in the wall.
I ordered two entrees, fried rice, egg rolls and two beverages.
The bill was $32.30 2.
The egg roll was not an egg roll, it looked like a giant size deep fried hot pocket.
I asked the waitress if we could return the egg roll because it was not what I was expecting.
I didn't even have a single bite.
She told me it was already served to me so she wouldn't remove it from the bill.
It was $3.50.
It's not like I was asking for some special VIP treatment or asking for my meal to be comped.
To end my dinner, there was a cricket crawling on the wall behind me.
That killed my appetite.
Also the place looked like a dump.
The ceiling looked like it had water damage.
The whole place was trashy looking.
In conclusion, the food wasn't good, customer service was horrible, and the place is a dump -both inside and out.
EFF this place!!!

Grew up eating this!
We walk right through the back door.
Dont come here if your looking for atmosphere.Its all about the hot, fresh crispy food.
Looove the pork fried rice, sesame chicken, ice tea and those big ass deliciously fried egg rolls!
The oldies playing in the back deffinatley sets the mood.
Family music right there.
This place is love.

Great hole in the wall Chinese restaurant.....got my fix for chinese food....been going here for years n still great place to eat.

