I played here once and thought this spot was pretty cool.
I liked how it was layed out and all but it was not that great of a location for DJ's/Dancers.
It's ok but it did seem to be a bit too small for the crowd.

Been here a few times over the last 5+ years but I must be getting older or the crowd has really changed.
The music was average, some Latin pop/dance stuff.
If I was exaggerating about this next comment than I would be a pig, but it's the truth, --- there was a LOT of very large women here, all in their shinny, way too short, way too tight clothes.
Again, sorry but it was the truth.
Had a couple of drinks and left.
Didn't even go hang around the under 21 section downstairs.
Just kidding, I would never do that.

Went there with 3 friends, place was dead from 8:30-11, no one really in there....the best thing was the $2 coronas and the $1 drinks tickets i got from a smoking hot cougar in a BMW by the downtown sheraton one night.

ooooohhhh haaahaaa wow no nope  never again

from what I remember (and was told!!
) we had a blast here!
drank and danced after a suns game for about 3 hours.
Music was great for dancing....not sure about the comments here about no alcohol on the bottom floor, but there si a full bar on the ground floor...maybe I missed a basement...but then again , I am over 21 so I wouldn't care.
Great time, will go back for another!

5 stars for the drunk females and 1 star for the place being so small!
lol ;p It's 21 and over on the second floor and below it's 18+ they don't serve alcohol at the bottom.

This club is so fun especially the music.
If you like reggaton kind of music that is the club to be.

My girlfriends and I were in Phoenix for a weekend away from SF and unfortunately, there weren't very many options for classier places in the area we stayed in.
Sky Lounge was across the street from Hotel Palomar, so after dinner and a few drinks, we decided to check it out.
Even with our buzz, this place was a bust!
We had to pay $10 cover (which isn't really a big deal) to get in to a place w/c wasn't even nice (interior-wise) and had a practically empty downstairs area.
However, that might be better than going upstairs with all the creepers looking to prey on drunk girls.
Wasn't our scene, so we left after 15 minutes and $50 poorer.

$10 cover, no hats, and they steal your ID.
How is this garbage still in business??

My female best friend and I were in town for the night, road-tripping.
It seemed like a nice place inside - totally empty, but it was late and a weeknight, so I didn't think much of it.
I didn't have much of a problem with drinks, or service until later that night... and that's why I'm taking the time to give this place a 1-star review.
This is a review about a certain bartender, whose name my friend and I never got, but he said he was Chinese and Colombian.
The area seems to close down early.... even though there seemed to be a basketball game getting out.
The bartender said he was closing up early, directed us to another bar (closed when we got there) hand we found a place nearby.
Shortly after, the same bartender showed up at the bar, started drinking with us.
I don't remember much about the conversation, except for some lies this guy was telling us, saying that he was running the bar after two weeks of working there, that he didn't live in Phoenix, he lived in New York - later, he forgot that he said that, and told us he lived in the same city in California that we did.
By the time the bar closed, I was getting pretty sloshed, and he proceeded to invite himself to our motel room (I thought my friend invited him, and my friend thought I did), and by the time we got to my friend's car, he insisted I sit in the back seat.
I'll skip some details here, and make a long story short:  I puked on the ride home, so I spent the rest of the night sobering up.
The Chinese/Colombian guy kept pushing weed and beer on my friend (who's a lesbian, by the way) and when you're a man, you can tell when a guy is being a sleazeball and trying to get into a girl's pants.
It became blatantly obvious that he was waiting for me to pass out so he could do what he wanted, and so I forced myself to stay awake.
Again, I'm skipping on a lot of detail here, because Yelp really isn't the place for that.
After he had long overstayed his welcome (which was never offered in the first place), my friend went to the bathroom, and I mustered all the civility I had left to ask him to leave as nicely and non-offensively as possible.
To this, he insisted that unless I reimbursed him for the pot and beer he brought (neither of which I personally imbibed) he didn't have to leave.
I bit my tongue.
Shortly after, I could hear him talking about me outside when he and my friend were having a cigarette.
I snapped, had to get rude with him, pulled my friend inside and slammed the door in his face.
The point of this whole review is this: Ladies, watch out for this sleazeball bartender.
He'll try to get into your pants by the most disrespectable means.

This place is a joke.
The girls that were handling the cover wouldn't give me my money back from being in that place for only 1 min...
They weren't apologetic at all... On top of that, no one was in there.

Saturday night they had like 3 dollar AMFs.
Thats cheap.
And they had 2 dollar beers.
Thats cheap.
It was kinda dead, and the fact that the bottom floor was 18 and up, it was hard to tell if the ladies were old enough for this guy.
So i stayed on the top floor, which ended up getting me shots purchased by a group of southwest airlines flight attendants.
Seemed like a decent place.
Its right next door to 2 other clubs, and i chose this one cuz some homeless guy outside said this place had hotter chicks.

So we are from Europe and have lived in Mexico, Miami and Los Angeles.
Call me crazy but isn't there ANYWHERE in Phoenix to dance.
God forbid you go to Sky Lounge on a Saturday night.
OMG.
Downstairs is 18 and under and upstairs was pounding and I mean pounding bass with hard super hard rap and for att least 8 songs we waited for one danceable song..........nada.
Waaaah.
So we left.

The staff was so RUDE!
1st door guy said we could come in for free anytime Fri night.
We came back about 20 min later.
Different door guy and some old ladies who would not let us in, said we had to each pay $10.
The place was ghetto and empty.
We went back to Bar Smith (next door) who had much nicer staff, no cover, great drinks & drink prices, and awesome music.
Sorry Sky Lounge, you suck.

I have to say just like most everyone else I was not fond of the $10 cover charge on a friday and less than an hour to close.
The other thing is it I'm new to PHX and I mentioned this to the guy out front before asking what time they close.
It would of been nice of him to be have mentioned "You are new so I'll let you know our bar just closed at 2 & we are not serving any more drinks" but he didn't.
They do have a Latin dance floor on the first floor which i liked the songs they were playing.
As far as the 2nd floor its Hip-hop all the way which is nice in case you get tired its almost like 2 clubs in one.
I think I would check this place out again if i get there earlier and have someone to dance with cause every girl I saw that got asked to dance just turned every guy down no questions asked!
LOL

DONT USE YOUR CREDIT/DEBIT CARD!
Bartenders will tip them self after you leave Even if you already tip them with cash!

Don't know why lots of people dislike this place for.
I think it's pretty cool.
I had a good time here.
Upstairs gets a but crowded but beside that it's pretty good  music is really and that's what I look for.

Been here over a dozen times, had some good and some bad.
Overall the place is okay with me.
The 1st floor never plays any good music, 2nd floor is where it goes down!
Gets pretty packed on the weekends.

This place is awesome!
I usually get the VIP on the second floor.
Service is always great people are always friendly and there is always something happening there!
From foam parties to all dressed in white events!
I would definitely recommend checking it out if you want to have an amazing time down town PHX

