I found this service in the Bucky Book and used a coupon for half off the service call.
They have set pricing on different services (so if something takes 30 minutes or 3 hrs, it's the same).
I was given a quote on a service  (to fix our clogged basement sink) but then given an honest opinion that a Roto Rooter service would be better equipped and more cost-effective.
I was very impressed with how nice the plumber was, and how honest he was.
I paid $32.50 for his opinion, and I think it saved me over $100 on top of that.
I will probably use them again for other plumbing needs (but now know to use Roto Rooter for blocked pipes).

I won an air conditioner and a heating tune-up through an auction.
Upon the initial inspection I was told that everything should be OK but that a newer furnace (mine is 8 years old) was recommended.
Later, when it was determined I could not afford a new furnace I was told that my venting was not up to code.
All Comfort Services would then be happy to sell me a new furnace (to replace one that's only 8 years old) and a new water heater as well as the stuff that goes along with it (plumbing, electrical, etc.
)   So I took it upon myself to hire a home inspector to look things over and was told that everything was fine.
The venting was indeed up to code and that there should be no real reason that I couldn't have the A/C and venting work I wanted done with the current set-up.
The inspector then also told me he has had trouble with All Comfort Services in the past using similar bait-and-switch tactics to upsell customers into equipment that is not needed (in my case it was to make up for the A/C unit I was getting for much less than the list price I think).
Emails and phone calls to Kendall Richards, the owner, went unanswered when I tried in vain to get my money refunded to me.
Thankfully my credit card company worked with me to dispute the charges and I got my money back.
I would stay far, far away from All Comfort Services and instead use a more reputable heating and air conditioning vendor.

Had a cracked line on my ac unit - got charged $100 to find it, and then the quote was for $1150 and was told to replace my entire AC system instead of fixing it.
Got a second opinion from another place and they said it was just a $400 fix including a recharge.
All Comfort Services quoted me $500 in refrigerant alone.

Our furnace stopped working.
Although it turned out to be a minor problem, the technician was very helpful and explained the issue.
He checked out the entire system and gave advise as to how to address the issue in the future.
Explained that an expensive part could be replaced but it seemed to be working after he made some adjustments and stated we might get several more years out of it.
We were pleased with him and the documentation he provided in case we have further problems.

I would rate 4.5 stars only because we are rather new customers and I would reserve 5 stars for proven track record of continuously exceeding expectations.
When moving into our home two years ago, we knew the air conditioning and heating system were on their last legs.
This past week the heat began to go and we needed to get the system replaced as soon as possible.
Jay at ACS did a great job with offering three energy efficient options at various price points.
He advised us of manufacturer rebates and tax credits that allowed us to save almost $2000 and get the "cadillac" of options for just a bit more than the most economical option, with prompt installation.
Jay was very professional and knowledgeable about which products would give us the most "bang for the buck" considering our house size and heating/AC needs.
Feel very good about the decision to go with All Comfort Services.

I rarely post or comment unless I feel that I have been taken advantage of.
Now, I am an average consumer with a college education, however, I am not familiar with HVAC systems at all.
So, I am posting this in the public to hopefully help other consumers to not fall for the "Spring Tune Up" Offer by All Comfort Services @ 5245 Voges Road Madison, WI 53718.
In full transparency I am also posting copies of the quotes & receipts from the technician.
Here: https://plus.google.com/u/0/111026625881803880071/posts/PKBhrxTNQs7   Scenario:  - I found a special on Angieslist for $139 for a technician to come to my house for a spring AC Tune Up.
- My system is 23 years old, and the furnace has been very well maintained works fine.
- The technician was at my house for 45 minutes.
Replaced my furnace filter.
Put "Comfort Services" stickers all over my furnace (and removed the competitors)  3.
I showed him how to turn on my thermostat (I have a nest)  4.
Hooked up the gauges to the AC and ran the system 6.
Stated that I have a very small amount of freon, and that it is cost prohibitive to find a leak ($435-$600, and recharge $161).
Recommended that I buy a new AC unit and furnace  6.
Charged me $139.
Scheduled a Salesman to come to my house 2 business days later to sell me a new A/C & Furnace system for between $7,679 - $8,742.
Since then, I have had 2 other HVAC companies visit me and make other recommendations and provide a complimentary "leak check" by loading in nitrogen and offering me some other options.
Conclusion: I've decided to recharge the freon in my system through another HVAC company and they will come out in 2 months (free of charge) to test my pressure again.
My honest opinion is that All Comfort Services uses their technicians to generate leads to replace full HVAC systems.
In the future I will not be using All Comfort Services and taking my business somewhere else.

Tech was on time and very courteous.
Performed the necessary maintenance quickly.
All in all a very good experience.

On Friday our furnace stopped blowing out hot air.
We did not know who to call, but saw our furnace was installed by All Comfort so we gave them a call.
They said the service visit would be around $96.00 and we thought that amount was fairly standard.
The tech was there about 2 hours after we called.
He then spent about 90 minutes diagnosing the issue, which was a faulty high limit switch.
He then told us he could not have it fixed until Wednesday and that the cost would be $600.00!
This was after charging us $375.00 to just come and diagnose.
Obviously my husband and I were in a panic because that is a lot of money, but to have to wait until Wednesday to get your furnace fixed when the temps are below zero is frightening.
To make a long story a little shorter, we called another company in town and they told us they could come on Saturday and fix the problem for $200.
We were happily back in our home by Saturday afternoon.
I will say that my husband received a call from the President of All Comfort who was very apologetic and who graciously waived the $375.00 fee.
I guess there was a mixup in the pricing by the tech.
So to sum it up, great customer service from the president, but strange pricing.

