I liked the NP and the doctor just fine.
The NP was really friendly - very helpful!
And took the time to make sure my questions were answered.
The following appt I had was for a super minor surgical procedure and Dr Thompson was really nice really helpful very calming.
I liked her a lot.
The thing that SERIOUSLY deters me from this place is the front desk!
So not helpful, I dont think the girl at the front (same girl both times) looked up at me one time during her monotone, slightly irritated directions.
So.. As wonderful as the NP and the doctor are..
I want to feel comfortable and excited to walk into an office.
And it just doesn't do it for me there.

(This is the first time I felt the need to voice my opinion on yelp and this being such a personal matter, I hope it is useful to future women in my shoes).....As a first time expecting mom, this office has catered to all my obscure worries and fears with care.
Always making me feel at ease and answering my questions to fulfillment.
I had the unpleasant event of waking up with a kidney stone at 3 a.m. To make matters worse, try typing in "contracting lower back pain, third trimester pregnancy," on the web, instant scare considering I am only 29 weeks.
I  called the after hours number and my call was returned by Laura, literally within two minutes.
She calmly instructed me to go down to maternal triage at my hospital.
I was greeted by Dr. Thompson, who just so happened to be hanging out at the hospital at 4 am, and treated within 45 minutes of making my first call.
This experience alone makes me feel confident when I go into labor this Sept, I know I will have the support of the team as promised.
That right there takes a load off my shoulders and gives me the opportunity to enjoy the last few months of pregnancy.
Furthermore, all my appointments have been pleasant and timely, their follow-up is reliable, and the staff is very friendly.
Reading another review regarding the lady at the front desk... Don't let her fool you.
She is a sweetheart and you will grow to like her.
Not being chatty Cathy doesn't mean she isn't helpful or good at her job.
Moral of my review: They have done an excellent job handling a high-matainance, over-reacting, scared to pieces, mom-to-be.
And I couldn't be more pleased.

I called to schedule an appointment for a pap smear and to check out a suspicious lump on my breast.
I was a little baffled when the scheduler told me the next available appointment was not until a few weeks, seeing as I clearly stated I need to get my lump on my breast examined.
I may only be 22 years old, and it may be rare for a 22 year old to have a malignant lump, but I do have a family history of breast cancer that was conceived early in their 20's.
As for my appointment, I had it scheduled at 7pm and I wasn't seen by the NP until 7:45.
When the NP (nurse practitioner) came in, she checked out my lump and told me we need to get an ultrasound right away to make sure it isn't anything we need to worry about.
When I had my pap smear she told me it looks like I have a yeast infection too.
She also gave me "tips" about keeping your vagina healthy such as Douching.
First of all, this is HORRIBLE advice.
Douching is the worst thing you can do for vaginal flora.
This is the main reason why women get vaginal infections and bacterial vaginosis.
I had to laugh at her but she is a NP, she knows what she is talking about...
There were two things that really bothered me about my appointment.
The scheduler after my appointment told me she would call me the very next day to let me know the time of my ultrasound at Good Sam.
I never heard from her the next day.
This is very frustrating for me because I had to wait a while to even get in to see someone and now that I have a suspicious lump, I feel like we are just taking our time for something that needs to be a priority!
Second thing is that I was clearly told I have a yeast infection and was not given any prescriptions to take care of it.
I really feel like the office just does not care about my health or concerns and didn't do anything to make me feel comfortable.
It was just a waiting game; wait for your appointment, when your appointment finally comes wait an hour for the doctor and wait some more to have an ultrasound scheduled.
I will NOT go back here again.
*update--I called to see why they hadn't called me back to schedule my ultrasound and they acted like I was dumb--saying that they gave me the order to schedule it somewhere else.
They basically lost my order and are going to research my situation and see what happened.
I HAVE A LUMP ON MY BREAST and this is how they treat situations like this.
I'm very disappointed.

I have been a patient of Doctor Johnstone's since approximately 04/2007.
I have seen her through thick and thin, joys and sadnesses, 2 breast lump scares, abnormal papsmears, etc.
No matter what troubles and health concerns God presented me with, Dr. Johnstone was there to calm me, lend an ear to any and all of my concerns, and to move forward with appropriate treatments.
I was overjoyed last May to learn that my husband and I were expecting our first child.
I could not wait to go to Dr. Johnstone's office to tell her the news & talk with her about the prenatal care that was to come.
Unfortunately, due to the fact that it's a 45 minute to a 1 hour drive to Dr. Johnstone's office, my husband asked if I could please find a doctor closer to our home in North Scottsdale to go to for the prenatal care as he did not see any sense in driving so far south to frequent appointments when there were perfectly capable doctors much closer to home.
Hesitantly, I agreed to switch doctors.
I asked my primary care physician at Mayo Clinic Thunderbird who she would recommend and she gave me the name of an OBGYN only about 15 minutes from my home.
My husband and I visited them for several appointments.
The doctor and the office staff were courteous and nice.
They seemed to know what they were doing/talking about.
However, this doctor WAS NOT Dr. Johnstone.
I missed her, her patience with my questions, her terrific way of explaining things to me in a way I could understand, etc.
After I cried and cried to my husband to PLEASE let me switch back, I returned to Dr. Johnstone late in my 2nd trimester for the remainder of my pregnancy.
My baby is due Feb 7th 2013 & I couldn't be happier I made this decision.
I could not imagine anyone other than doctor Johnstone delivering this baby.
I have read the reviews others have posted regarding not being pleased with the front desk/office staff.
I have not had that experience.
They are running a business and sometimes they are very busy and down to business, but I find that if you greet them with a positive attitude, a smile, and your respect, they will be equally respectful to you.
I would definitely recommend Dr. Johnstone and her practice to anyone.
It is true sometimes they run behind and you need to wait to be taken back for your appointment a little late.
I am not put off by this as I worked for Social Security for approximately 8 years and I understand what it's like to fall behind when giving your full time and attention to each individual as they deserve.
Also, I would imagine it would be reasonable to think some patients may be a little late for their appointments causing the whole office to fall a little bit behind.
It does not turn me off at all, and I will gladly continue driving the distance for this high quality of care (& genuine caring) in the future.

I'm 20 years old.
The last exam I had was when I was 17-18 at planned parenthood.
When you go into their offices for birth control they basically make you do an exam when you go in.
Well, I needed a new gynecologist and my boyfriend's mom recommended Central Phoenix OB/Gyn.
Since I hadn't gone to a professional before (besides planned parenthood) I thought I would give it a try.
The receptionist is VERY rude.
When we first got there we had to stand at the counter for 15 mins before she came out to give me my paperwork.
Her attitude isn't very welcoming, which is what pushed me away in the beginning.
First impressions are very important.
I had set an appointment with the Doctor, but come to find out that she wasn't in the office and they would have to schedule it with the NP (Nurse Practitioner).
I didn't get an exam like I was told, but she consulted me on my birth control and they took a STD test just so I could feel certain that I didn't have any.
They gave me a small discount for not being able to see the doctor ($185 Without insurance) and told me that they would contact me with the results from my test on Monday (a week from when I went).
Monday came and I got no calls.
I had another appointment scheduled not too far from then, so I decided to wait until I went back to the office.
The second visit I was scheduled with a doctor (that I did see that time) and was greeted by the oh so friendly receptionist.
I was told that they didn't have my test results (They LOST them) and that I would have to do another and they would take care of it.
They DIDN'T do any exam (AGAIN!
) even though I was scheduled for it (I haven't had an exam for about 3 years now).
She just consulted me on the birth control and sent me on my way.
I had many questions, I have been having a lot of pain in my lower abdomen which is why I needed to be checked, and she just seemed to be rushing through all of them with no care.
I told her I was frequently urinating and I haven't been drinking a lot of water.
Her solution was that I was drinking a lot of water (I thought I just told her I didn't drink a lot) and that everything was fine.
I was a little frustrated, but that's fine.
I got to the front desk and I had to pay $250 for a consultation and no exam!
They called me a week later and I assumed it was for my results... NOPE.
They had "forgotten" to charge me, even though they told me since they screwed up the first time they would take care of it, and I had to pay another $250 for the lab!
That's ridiculous.
There are too many mistakes in this office for anyone to just overpass.
I don't know if it's because I didn't have insurance, but they made me feel very unwelcome and like I couldn't afford anything in the office.
Planned Parenthood seems a lot more professional and welcoming... At least they give me an exam every time I go.

I am 25 years old.
I just moved to the area from Philadelphia and was looking for a OBGYN.
I do not recommend Central Phoenix!
My experience was terrible.
The receptionist was very rude over the phone, but I decided to give her the benefit of the doubt because maybe she was having a bad day.
After making my appointment I received a call a few days later that it needed to be rescheduled because the doctor was taking that day off.
The lady on the phone was not apologetic about the inconvenience as I had already planned to take the day we had arranged off from work.
I had an appointment scheduled at 5:30 pm however due to bad traffic I was running late.
I called to let them know and no one answered so I left a message.
When I arrived the receptionist at the desk was rude again and told me that because I was  little late the doctor could not see me.
I tried to explain that when I called no one answered and she again was rude and unapologetic.
I am currently looking for another OBGYN.

Not going to lie...my first trip here I was not impressed.
I didn't like the medical assistants because they were not very friendly with you as well as the front desk.
But when you get back with Dr.Johnstone you are good (: My first trip was for a new patient consult.
My second and more enjoyable experience was for my well woman exam.
Dr. Johstone is AMAZING.
She makes you feel welcome, wanted, and is very thorough.
She sits with you and chats and always makes sure your questions are answered.

I've only been going here for just under a year.
I'm expecting my first child and had a lot of questions, and everyone from the front desk all the way to the doctor answered every single one of them.. No problem.
Dr. Gibson is my doctor, she is very helpful, and she has answered every question for me, she is kind and asks questions about my family just to get to know me.
I feel very comfortable going here and I would recommend it to anyone.

I recently found out I was pregnant and was researching OBGYNs in my area (Downtown Phx) I tried out this place because it was right near my house and the reviews seemed ok.  From the moment I got to the office I was already turned off and regretted coming here, I arrived 15 mins early and filled out all my paperwork and STILL waited for an hour just to be seen!
Everyone in the waiting room was called before I was and I wasn't even seeing my actual Dr, I was assigned a PA instead.
I did the usual Urine sample, and they took my blood and vitals but the PA kept asking me questions I already answered to the nurse which made me notice she wasn't even looking at my file nor had it with her, she was just taking notes on the Patient info sheet I filled out.
She breezed through a low quality ultrasound and I had to ask her for pics which were blurry and barely even worth printing when I saw them.
She explained that I would be going to a different facility in 2 weeks for the ultrasound and then go back to their office for the check up which I wasn't happy about having to go to multiple places but understood.
When she finished I had to ask her about the results of the UA since I told her I felt like I may have a UTI, she told me everything looked fine but they would have to send it out to get those results (I've never heard of not getting UTI results the same day) and that she would just send a script for an antibiotic to my pharmacy which would be ready when I left there and that they would call in a couple days and tell me the results and I could stop taking them if they were negative.
I waited until the next day to go to the Pharm and no script was sent, I called the OBGYN and explained there was supposed to be a script for an antibiotic and they said they would send it over.
the next day the pharm called to tell me my script for prenatal was ready but that was all that was sent.
I didn't even ask for prenatals since they're over the counter!!!!
called the DR AGAIN and had it sent over, still no call from the Dr regarding my results but I thought I would wait another day.
still a week later and 3 calls asking for my results and I had to call THEM to find out that the results had been in and are negative but the PA must have overlooked needing to call and let me know.
I have requested my file and am switching to Maricopa OBGYN, I'm very disappointed in my first prenatal Dr visit as this should be a happy time and your doctor should make you feel comfortable, I hope Maricopa can turn this around and make it a positive experience for me as it should be.

