University Club is a membership club in central Phoenix.
I do not have a membership but have attended meetings and a wedding at the club as a guest in the past.
You can go on-line to see rates for this under "membership".
The wedding, we attended was a while ago but I distinctively remember how beautiful it was out on outside garden.
The ceremony and dinner was outside and it was gorgeous.
It almost felt like we were not in Phoenix, but removed far far away in some plush other land with greens and plants surrounding us!
The food was catered by University Club and was delicious.
I remember the staff being kind.
As for the meetings I have attended inside the club, they were very nice as well.
Nothing fancy dancy over the top, but had a lot of old Phoenix charm.
The club is an old renovated 1917 house and each of the dining rooms are parts of the house, it's really neat.
It's like being in someones home but not.
Go to the website and check out the photos!
http://www.universityclubphoenix.com/

I hosted my parents 50th wedding anniversary celebration at this club.
The event was a tremendous success thanks to the kind and attentive service of Helga, Karen and their staff.
The food is good and the  enviroment is charming.
this is a lovely alternative to a commercial event space.

We have just held a wedding at the University Club and it couldn't have been better.
Our guest list was about 55 people.
The wedding was beautiful; at night, in the large back yard under the lights  The club was decorated for Christmas complete with a fire in the fireplace.
We held the reception inside with a buffet and hor doerves.
Our guests told us this was the best wedding food they had encountered.
The evening was magical.
The food was delicious and the staff couldn't have been more attentive.
The aura was warm and welcoming.
Genie and Karen helped us every step of the way and all of the staff was prompt and courteous with every service.
A simple thank you doesn't seem adequate for the effort they made to make our day special.

This venue is awesome of breakfasts, luncheons, etc.
the staff is awesome and always are so on top of things.
The food is so delicious and there is always plenty of varieties to choose from.
The price point is great!

