OK, OK...
I finally went and ate at a Hooters while I was on a business trip.
Their supposedly best hot wings aren't even close to being the best.
The food wasn't all that either...  Sure, there's pretty girls prancing around with their old school bright orange old school NBA short shorts, but it doesn't make the food taste any better.
Then again, I guess you don't really go to Hooters for the food.
=P  Recommendations: N/A

Shannon's review below cracks me up because sometimes, I'm one of those girls at Hooters who really isn't there for the view.
The food is never more than your standard sports bar "ok".
Some better moments than others.
You know how that goes.
But with us, we aren't going so much for the food - as for the sports.
Living in the downtown/South Mountain area, there aren't many sports bars as it is.
Then you narrow down which ones are showing the events you want, and we often end up here.
Especially for boxing!
One of the things I like about Hooters, and this one in particular, is that if you want to see - you have full view access.
But the TVs are high enough that if you could care less, you don't have to be staring at a television.
The problem is, it's Hooters.
If you aren't looking at the TV you have to be careful what it looks like you're looking at.
Is there such a thing as viewer's guilt?
Maybe there should be.
Sounds bad, but totally honestly - I just feel really bad for the girls who have to walk outside on a chilly night.
The comments that they have to deal with can be really awful.
There should be some kind of a "Bad comment" jar, like the old-school "Bad word" jars when you cussed.
The waitresses should be able to just walk over and hold out the "Bad comment" jar and make them pay up.
Guaranteed "he got caught" standing ovation from everyone in surrounding tables.
It's a thought...

Its been years since i came to this hooters.
i used to go here every time i visited my sister in AZ or my friend a ASU.
South Park Wednesdays were the best.
25 cent wings, and south park.
cant go wrong!

Finally, a Hooters with actually good looking women to cater to my needs.
Great place to catch play off basketball.
The wings were plentiful and the beers kept flowing.
My waitress flaked on me because a group at another table kept drawing her attention while i waited anxiously for my food as it sat at the window for quite a bit.
Other than that, I got what I paid for.
and I left full

As far as Hooter's restaurants go (blech) this one is probably the best.
I give it four stars as a reference to it's sister locations, not in reference to how good it is overall.
The food is terrible quality, and the drinks extremely "well measured" meaning they are not strong.
Hence why I can drink 12 margaritas in a 6 hour period and still be coherent.
They sure charge for them like they are doubles though.
There are a few girls working here who are very attractive and friendly (not to sound like a dirty old man, just that usually Hooter's has the worst service) and that definitely helps.

Honestly, I'm not sure what to expect when eating at Hooters.
So far, so good, thus, the 5 stars.
But, I do have one minor issue with them, but not enough to downgrade them.
Eating here is what I imagined the 70's to be about.
Wood paneling, that weird color orange, and a little bit of tackiness thrown in for good measure.
So far, when eating here, I have had good experiences.
The girls are nice, the place is clean, and service seems to be prompt and efficient.
I usually can be found here during lunch hour only, and so far, those have been my only experiences.
No happy hour, no dinner, no weekend service.
My only "complaint" is that I have carried out a few times from this location.
A handful of times, I felt like I have had terribly slow carry out service.
Waiting forever for someone to take my order, waiting just as long for food, and feeling "less important" then maybe the dine in patrons.

I go to Hooter's every now and then with the husband to get some drinks and appetizers.
The food is never why we go here so I am not going to comment on it in this review, it is neither good or bad, just average.
What was hard to take were the girls they have working here.
In any other eating place I could care less about appearances and focus on cleanliness and friendliness of our server.
But this is after all...Hooters.
The uniforms are mentioned in another review and this is what caught my eye as well.
Shorts either baggy or just not flattering to the shape that is squeezed into them.
Runs in panty hose...very tacky...and the tank tops were dingy.
There was only one cute girl that was serving and the hostess was adorable.
The rest were frightening.
One girl's face was peeling from what looked to be a horrible sunburn...it was so disturbing.
Our waitress had acne all over her face and chest...very unappetizing.
The attitudes of these girls brought the mood of the place way down.These girls need to at least smile and try to be friendly.
Needless to say we will most likely not return to this Hooters...sorry ladies.

I am a fan of hooters.
I usually receive a great server and the food is amazing.
I love the boneless wings with 911 sauce.
I do not drink alcohol, so I cannot comment on their selection.
I can say that I frequent this Hooters a few times a week.
It is a great place to unwind and the location is amazing.
This is the perfect time of year to sit on the patio!

Its hooters.
If you really have to read a yelp review on hooters, then you probably shouldnt be going there.
Things to obviously know before entering hooters:  expect greasy food, slow service, chicks only mildly good looking thanks to butt lifts and makeup, annoying guys who think they are all going to be the next UFC champ, loud sports on 13 tvs, and some drunk guy getting into someones face in the corner causing a scene.
The good things to expect is good food at decent prices that is fairly consistent regardless of location, good happy hour (depending on when you go), and great cold beer.
I give it 3 (this goes for the whole chain) cause i love their buffalo shrimp and buffalo 'chicks' sliders, and of course the wings.
However, I would give this location a 2 - it seems to attract a questionable clientele.
Last time we went on a Monday, sat outside on the patio watching the end of a basketball game, being only 1 of 4 tables in the place.
These guys were sitting behind us at different tables and started lightly arguing; ten minutes later it escalated to punches and beer being thrown literally over my head with the cooks and managers coming out with the cops on their way - subsequently slowing our already slow food by another 10 minutes.
Lastly, I will say this - DO NOT bring your kids here.
Nothing says classy good parenting like hooters - there is a reason there isnt a kids menu.

This review is based on my experiences at various Hooters located all over the country and not necessarily at this one location.
If you've been to one Hooters you've basically been to all of them, the only visible change is the quality of the scenery.
Having said that, Hooters has still managed to become an American institution.
As most should know by now the food here is one cut above average at best, my nephew once found remnants of a feather in his wings!
TASTY DUH!
Then again, I don't think anyone goes to Hooters for the food.
I've always thought that Hooters could expand their beer line up quite a bit but that has yet to happen.
My primary motivation to go here is to set the mood for the rest of the evening, is that simple!
Another reason is logistics, this is a good staging area for when your new in town and need to get a feel for where the action is.
I agree with Kimberly.
Hooters is hooters.
However I disagree with her rating!
LOVE THIS PLACE!

I'm pissed.
How can you just stop making grilled cheese?
Its bread and cheese.
HOW?
You have bread, and you have cheese, but you cannot make a grilled cheese?
Also, why does it have to be 400 degrees?
I know you have A.C.
This is AZ in the summer.
It's hot.
Turn it on.
I don't have a really good basis to draw this conclusion because I rarely order this drink, but your dirty vodka martini is quite possibly the worst I have ever tasted.
I had to eat a cheese stick with each bite just to stomach it.
Your tater tots were good and my blue moon was reasonably priced.
At least you have that going for you.

While in Phoenix for about 36 hours, I lunched at Hooters twice.
It was easily located across from my hotel and it was a weekend, which meant I could catch both the collegiate and professional football games as well as playoff baseball.
I take Hooters for what it is, pretty decent fried food, a restaurant that caters to men, and always has a game on.
This in mind, I didn't anticipate anything other then a beer and something to eat.
I sat at the bar both times and the bartender, Brittany was extremely friendly and made a point to learn (while IDing) and remember everyone's name-- which I thought was a nice touch.
She was always willing to change channels to make sure everyone's game was being aired which was appreciated as well.
They have a good football special-- 10 boneless wings with all you can eat fries for $5.99 during any football game.
The $3.50 25oz Shock Top beers were a deal as well.
It was odd for me to see a kid's birthday party in the restaurant on Sunday, but to each their own.

This is my last Hooters review.
The only reason I'm writing about this one too is the service or shall I say the friendlyness here was left outside the door.
With 5 other guys after a Cubs vs. Diamondbacks game and we were respectful but just didn't understand the cold shoulders form these girls.
It was awhile ago and I'm sure it's not the same wait staff.
I'll give this one another try if I go back and see another Cubs & Diamondbacks game.

Not the best Hooters I've ever been to, not the worst.
A colleague of mine is a Hooters afficionado, so he insisted we go for lunch recently while in town.
I will say the waitress lived up to the name of the place, for once.
I made a mistake and went off the reservation and ordered a burger.
It was VERY mediocre.
Should've stuck with the wings.
Oh well.

Stay away from this hooters.
Bad food, bad service.
Bleh!

Fried Pickles!

The service here blows.
That is all!

The only reason that I'm giving this place even one star is that they show UFC pay-per-view with no cover.
I've been here with friends about three times now, two of them to watch a fight, the other time because it was the only place within walking distance that had food.
All three times our waitress was rude and largely absent.
I'll add that we are really not into the whole TnA aspect of this restaurant, and treat our waitress like any other waitress.
No ogling, no rude comments, none of that immature bullshit.
We went here last night from 7pm until a little after 10pm, and didn't get a refill on water until just before we left, even though I'd downed the first cup within ten minutes of arriving and also ordered "hot" wings (the Daytona, which is hot sauce and bbq sauce mixed together, I guess.
Not hot at all).
The wings are tiny and completely overcooked.
I do not recommend these at all.
Friend #1 ordered the boneless wings, which are a joke.
I ordered them last time and assumed it was just a fluke when they brought out a plate of ten tiny (smaller than Chicken McNuggets) hardened pieces of overcooked chicken.
I'm not the type to send things back at restaurants, so I just tried to pretend that I was eating some sort of food, and not little pieces of rubber.
However, Friend #1 received the same thing this time.
Tiny pieces of very chewy....chicken?
Maybe.
I do not recommend these at all.
Friend #2 ordered a dozen hot wings.
Took just shy of an hour for them to arrive.
The waitress would pop up every fifteen minutes or so, and say something like, "Oh my gosh, they haven't brought those yet?
"  When they did come out, they were tiny and overcooked, and also quite cold.
I do not recommend these at all.
Overall, the worst restaurant in Phoenix, I think.
If they didn't offer the fight with no cover, they'd have literally no redeeming value.
I'm just going to Buffalo Wild Wings next time (they have a $5 cover and a drink minimum, but it has to be worth it).
This place needs to close down for a few months and reevaluate, or just go away entirely, like every other business in the AZ Center.
Oh, PS, they have never brought out our correct bill.
Always has a bunch of random crap that no one ordered on it, and the girls act all put out when we point out that no one ordered half of the bill that they're trying to charge us for.
Keep an eye out on that receipt.

Okay, so it's a Hooters - how can you not have fun with it?
Granted, my expectations weren't super high, I've been to other locations and they've always been consistent.
And sure enough - the Arizona Center location did not disappoint.
We were in a group of about twelve, and we all ordered beers and food before going to a movie.
Service was great - (reading other reviews - we may have just been lucky) but seriously everyone was friendly and prompt.
We had multiple servers helping us since our party was large.
My fiance and I ordered a couple of beers (domestics of course, but we made do) and their famous wings.
I ordered two that were the hottest level of spice they came in.
Honestly - they weren't hot at all to me but my fiance must constantly remind me of my lack of taste buds (I recently took on the infamous ghost chili and won - but that is a story for another time).
Everyone at the table thought they were spicy, so order with caution.
We ordered them Daytona style - which means they were grilled - and they were yummy.
The girls were of course pretty!
;)  They even sang happy bday to our two buddies - who had the biggest smiles on their faces EVER!
The negative to this particular Hooters is the location itself.
The Arizona Center becomes a ghost town at night - and parking in the lot is tricky.
Even with validation you still have to pay after a certain amount of time passes.
Maybe I'm just spoiled - but when I go out to dinner or a bar I don't like having to pay for parking.
It's not like we're in New York or San Francisco!
Regardless - parking issues aside - a really fun time with a good group of friends.
A good spot to hit before a movie or another bar!

Well, I love Hooters wings when done the way I like - this Hooters does not listen to you during the take out call.
Asked for extra crispy wings; got extra soggy!
I know you get what you pay for, but there are far better wings in Phoenix.

Overpriced food with shady looking waitresses.
This antiquated concept chain needs to go away.
If you want to look at boobs, have some self respect and just go to a strip club.
If you want good wings...go anywhere else!

We went there to get some good chicken wings and the big problem was that they were cold!
I have had better chicken wings in other Hooters.

Never really been a fan of the food here...and after this visit...i'm still not a fan.
The wings there suck, the beer is over-priced and now most of the girls are not even hot anymore.
Additionally it didn't help that our server was new and didn't smile or look happy to be there at all.
We pretty much had to beg her to smile at least a little.
Don't think i'll be going to a Hooters again for a while, For an overpriced beer and hot girls I prefer going to a place like Tilted Kilt where at least the food is good.

ambiance agréable , musicale , bonne cuisine americaine et surtout pour les garçons...jolies serveuses en minishort orange trés charmantes

These fuckers charged me twice for my meal!!!!
I will never go back, plus the food sucked anyhow... try wingstop or buffalo wild wings instead if you really want some good wings....

First time at Hooters.
Since Sheraton didnt carry channel in my room, I was looking for a place that had the USA vs Mexico gold cup final and this place had it.
The crowd was into the game too which was nice.
Food is average at best.
I had the western bacon BBQ burger with fries and it was just okay.
Service was great.
Waitress was super friendly, cute, and a college student.
Another college aged waitress stopped by to take away my glass and overheard me talking about disciplining my teenage kids and she joined the conversation with her own story on how her mom took away her cell phone and computer privileges.
Anyways, i was impressed with how friendly the service was.
They kept asking if everything was okay, if we needed anything else, extra water, etc.
Maybe we got a good table near the food prep area and this made it convenient for waitress to come by often.
The bottom line is that you go to hooters for the sports, drinks, and waitresses but not really for the food.

I thought I would try out this location, big mistake.
First parking is a nightmare.
Second, I sat inside first and went unnoticed for 10 minutes.
Then a fight broke out so I moved to the outside bar where there was no bartender.
Twenty minutes in I was getting up to leave when waitress finally asked if I wanted a beer, a 3 dollar pbr wasn't bad so I figured why not.
I felt completely ignored for 30 minutes,  will never come back.
I'm halfway through my pbr and can't wait finish it so I can leave.

This downtown Phoenix Hooters has become a comfort spot for me and my wife.
We know we can always rely on friendly service, $5 32oz drafts served in ice cold mugs, delicious fried pickle slices and slightly above-mediocre oysters.
The wings are pretty good too, but they go a bit overboard on the breading.
We came here a lot last fall/winter to catch football and hockey games due to our lacking of a television in our house.
Basically any sporting event you can imagine will be playing on one of their many flat screens!

On nights when there is a big game, this place gets too packed to handle.
On top of that, they make it open seating when its that busy so finding service and somewhere to fit is very difficult.
On other days, with less foot traffic, service is always efficient and available.
I always have the buffalo chicken sandwich which never fails to satisfy my bar food craving.

I've been to Hooters a few times but never to this location.
My friend and I went here for simple food on a late Friday night.
The service was pretty slow but our waitress was friendly.
I tried crab legs for the first time and was satisfied.
They didn't have crackers for the shells so it was pretty difficult eating crab without crackers.
I particularly enjoyed the teriyaki wings, bone in.
Never had a problem with the food but just nothing great.
The one thing I felt weird about was homeless people staring at customers while they ate their food.
Our waitress even approached our table after our meal and asked us if we saw anyone take her tip off a table she has just served.
She accused the homeless man we saw watching everyone eating of stealing the money.
I thought that was low-class and not something that should be mentioed in front of other customers.
I also thought management should have asked the homeless people to leave prior to the money being "stolen".
Overall, it was so-so.

This is one of the best Hooters in america.
The girls and wings are hotter than most others in the country.
On a cross country trip 10 years ago I  rode with a friend who was infatuated with this place.
There was only one in Mass at the time and he never went, so during our 6,000 mile trek we hit up about a dozen of these places.
Some were good, some sucked, but the wings and girls at this downtown phx location made me decide to stay in az for a year.
Food at this location just seems better than the ones up in the northeast.
They seem to add alot more spice in order to keep up with the plethora of mexican restaurants in the area.
So if you like your wings hot, you unfortunately gotta leave the bland northeast.
Beer as long as you buy it by the pitcher is affordable, but if you come in during happy hour, expected to get nice and drunk while not going poor.
As far as the other reason to go to hooters:the girls, you're gonna love this place.
Let's face it, all hooters waitress are conning you just like a stripper would at the club.
Here it doesn't seem they are faking it that much.
Besides that they are hot as hell!
With over 100 days of 100 degree heat in the valley of the sun, your use to seeing alot of hot girls walking around with next to nothing on.
Yet hooters seems to still pluck away some of the best and stick out.
There aren't many reasons to go to downtown phx, but this hooters definitely makes it worth the trip.

Friendly when you first get there, food is good, service stops once you get your food.

Decent wait staff and the food is okay.
Not the best Hooters but definitely not the worst.

Well, Okay, it's hooters.
So I guess I have to review the waittresses too?
On this day, they were not bad looking, and they were dressed in skimpy shorts and tight Tee Shirts, but honestly, I don't think I'd go out with any of them, even if they begged me.
I had lunch, ordering the hot wings.
I could not decide, so I had five "hot" and five "3-mile Island" - which, I guess means they should have been hotter.
There was one mre level "Cherynobl", but I initially thought that might be too hot for me.
In hindsight, it prolly would have been closer to what I consider hot.
The hot wings were not hot.
Hardly even mild.
But they did have a reddish, hot-sauce appearing sauce on them.
The 3-Mile Island was only slightly hotter, and the red sauce slightly darker.
This was closer to what I wanted.
You get a choice of blue cheese or ranch for dipping.
If you want celery and carrots, that's extra.
I would not say this was a really good value, $15 for ten wings, a glass of iced tea and a tip.
Not much I can say about this place, I actually came for the wings and honestly, I was fairly disappointed all around.

For a hooters, there weren't too many hooters (if you know what I mean).
Went here twice while I was in town.
Waitresses didn't tell us about any specials when we arrived, had to ask.
Food was mediocre and so was the lemonade.
Stick to the wings and beer and you'll be fine.
Service was very slow on our second trip but they were busy.
She made up for it later.
Would I go back?
Yeah.
But just because it's Hooters.

Waitstaff suck...
Unless you have testicles.
I love Hooters wings, I won't be back to this Hooters.

Had a buffalo chicken sandwich with fries and a "side of beans.
"  Absolutely horrible.
Not only were the beers over priced, but the chicken was burnt, fries were cold and the "side of beans" came in one of those small plastic ketchup cups, like this:    http://www.lulusoso.com/upload/20120320/disposable_plastic_soy_sauce_cup_portion_cup.jpg  It was like a shot of beans.
They need better cooks.
Won't be going back, there's plenty of other places around downtown Phoenix to go to.

Watch your bill.
We came in for a couple drinks during happy hour.
We ordered them as "Vodka/Redbull and Whiskey/Coke".
They were served quickly and tasted fine.
When the check came we found that our Waitress had decided to up-sell us without asking.
When I brought it to her attention, she said, "OH Sorry, hehe"  UPDATE: I called the manager, Kim, shortly after this review and was pleased with the results of our conversation.
Since the Up-sale was really the only issue, giving them 4 stars.

Terrible service.
Arrived on a Tuesday night.
My friend arrived before me and she waited to be helped when she walked in as she wasn't sure if she should seat herself or wait to be seated.
The guy who appeared to be a manager (shorts and a baseball cap) walked by and ignored her twice before finally asking if she needed help.
(The rest of our visit he did a whole lot of nothing standing on the patio.
Wait, I take that back.
I saw him pour one beer.
) I arrive about 10 minutes later and join my friend who is sitting outside.
She has a beer she ordered, and I wait for a waitress to come and take my order.
She shows up about five minutes later,  I order a beer, and we place a food order.
I sit waiting for my beer, and nothing.
I look over to see our waitress talking to her fellow workers at the front of the restaurant.
There are about four of them with a couple of them sitting on the counter by the front door.
Thank goodness they don't serve food on that counter!
I wait a few more minutes, cutting her some slack, when I finally get up and walk inside.
I ask her from the door if I can get my beer.
They all look at me like I am a freakin alien or something.
My waitress finally comes forward and I ask again if I can get my beer.
She has a confused look on her face until it dawns on her that I ordered a beer.
She repeats what I ordered and says she'll go get it.
A couple of minutes later a different girl brings my beer.
The food arrives and is fine.
You can't really screw up a chicken sandwich and fried pickles.
We were there a little over an hour and she checked on us once.
(they weren't busy) So much for a second beer for me.
We asked for the check, and it took 10 minutes for her to come back and collect  it.
On top of her being a bad waitress, she had the personality of a door.
Didn't smile once, and looked like she hated her job.
Seriously doubt that I'll be back.

It's Hooters.
Free UFC, wings, beer and young girls in 80's style outfits.
Is what it is.

It is Hooters, you'll get the same food and beer at every location.
They have a great happy hour and not so great food.
Good eye candy, and sports on.
What more is there to say?

This Hooters is near my house so it's always convienient to come here, but the service and the food is hit or miss.
I frequent a lot and really enjoy their wings.
The server was MIA all night, twice I had ordered wings one flavor-honey thai and i got the new flavor they have- chipotle honey both times.
Was not satisfied at all.
Server took my drink for refill and never came back after 20 minutes I asked for the check, she sure was quick to come get that.
The manager there is rude and unattentive, she accused my friend of "making a coupon" that was on their website and did not want to accept it because she said she didn't know where the coupon came from even though we pulled up the website and showed her the coupon.
The one that I really enjoy is the one on Alma School, it is a bit of a drive but the food and service is always spot on!

Waited over 40 minutes for a half-pound of dry ground beef; nothing "BBQ" about the BBQ Western burger.
If the rest of the menu is the same quality, no wonder they need girls in shorts and tank tops to get customers!

If you're going here for food, you're at the wrong place.
Beer and eye candy is the specialty and at this location it ain't half bad.

Hooters Here for the wings right?
Riiiiight, well the place is what you would expect.
We had naked wings with 3 Mile sauce, all drums.
This is my go to order at Hooters, which is spicy, but in a good way.
The beers were cold, which isn't the real reason that we all go to Hooters?
Actually, this one is located right in front of the Sheraton Hotel in the Arizona Center, which was the closest place with sports games and beer.
Although it has mostly Phoenix related teams on, couldn't find the Lakers game on.
Service was Meh...

Brittany, you are a TERRIBLE waitress.
You should find a job that doesn't involve customer service.
My friend and I were super excited today for Wing Wednesday ($9.99 all you can eat wings).
We walk in and are greeted instinctively but the female bartender who also tells us to sit wherever.
I choose a table next to the double doors that leads to the outside seating area.
For 10 minutes we sat there without even so much as eye contact or a smile from any of the waitresses.
I see that there are two moderate groups outside (6-8 people each), but don't give it a second thought.
Still no acknowledgment from anybody.
After 15 minutes, my buddy walks up two managers who were fiddling with a tv monitor and 3 other waitresses surrounding them.
My buddy goes, "Umm, can we get some service??
" The female manager immediately appoints someone to go to our table.
This blondie informs us that **Brittany** is our waitress, but she would take our first order.
A few minutes after she takes our order, the lovely Brittany shows up.
We had already watched this girl walk right past our table about 10 times back and forth prior to talking to the managers.
She apologizes, like a child whose been forced to do so, for "not seeing" us.
A) Simple acknowledgment would have sufficed.
B) My buddy is a BIG tall guy with a mohawk wearing a bright red shirt.
How the heck could she not have seen us?
She then makes a pathetic attempt to explain that she got slammed, and says that she will now take our order.
I tell her that our orders have already been taken.
We get our first round of wings in a fair amount of time after the order was put in by Blondie.
I asked for ranch and never got it.
My buddy's cajun wings were too salty so he only ended up eating 6 wings.
Brittany came back and only asked to refill my friend's drink.
He told her Mr. Pibb, and she brought back coke.
She took his plate away and didn't bother to ask if he wanted more wings since it was all you can eat.
He's a big guy!!!
Oh that's right.
She didn't take our order so of course she didn't know.
Shortly after I finished my own round of wings.
Typically, the girls will see that you have finished your wings halfway and immediately ask you if you want the next round put it.
No one asked us this.
So I finished my wings and asked my friend if he wanted to go or keep hoping that the service will improve.
BTW, those big tables were long gone by then.
It was actually pretty empty by then.
The whole time we just watched Brittany try to calculate her tabs and collect her tips.
My friend wanted out, and he said he'll refuse to pay if they asked us.
We head straight to the door and NO ONE bothered trying to stop us.
Instead we heard Brittany,"Sorry guys.
" as we left.
They knew what was going on.
This is the very worst service that I have ever had.
I would have still tipped had we stayed til the end, but it was so terrible.
My wings weren't even that great.
If you come here, and you get a girl that is tan, has shoulder length curly hair, and is named Brittany, ask for another waitress.

Me and some friends wanted to get some lunch and decided to head over at this location.
This was my first time there.
We walked in and nobody greeted us at the entrance and we decided to walk over to one of the open tables.
We sat down and waited for about 20 minutes for a server to come by and finally stopped one of the servers.
I noticed that there were one bartender and two servers.
The server told us that someone will be with us shortly.
We were ok with that but it was not busy at all.
then after another 15 minutes or so, I decided to walk up to the bartender and asked if we can get some service and at least get us some drinks.
Finally, one of the two servers stopped at our table and took our drink and food orders.
After she took our orders, we had waited close to 20 minutes and we didn't even get our drinks yet.
We were there for almost an hour to get lunch and didn't even get our drinks.
I got up and told the bartender that the service is bad and that we are leaving.
We got up and walked away.
I left this location with a bad experience and hungry.

I usually don't review chain restaurants, but I had a good experience while here.
They were the only bar downtown that was showing the UFC fight and there was no cover,  bonus!
I arrived around 545 to watch the preliminary fights and snag a good seat for some friends that were arriving a bit later.
I had a few beers and ate a good burger, food was good.
The service the ENTIRE time was good, just super attentive and on point.
the only slightly-annoying-but-not-a-huge deal issue was that I had  my table and was there for over an hour watching the fights.
Once teh place started to fill up, the hostess informed me that I couldn't save any seats and that it was first come first serve.
Not a huge deal as I don't mind sharing a table, but tell me that up front so it's not an awkward surprise when you just arrive at my table with some random people.
In the end, no biggie.
I was able to get a few extra chairs and all was well (and I totally understand having to make room for people that are already there vs people that aren't).
All in all, great service and a good place to watch the UFC fights downtown.
I'll DEFINITELY come back to watch the fights.

Just watched a guy in a SF Giants cap flip burgers with his glove.
Gross.

stopped here for a late night snack.
ordered the slider burgers.
the waitress asked me how i'd like them cooked, and i replied "medium rare.
" shortly, i was brought over 4 sliders that were the size of meatballs.
they were all medium well to well done and they were served dry.
yes, they brought me 4 pieces of overcooked meat on buns.
nothing else.
when i complained about it, the manager came over and informed me that was the only way to cook sliders, since they are so small, you can't make them medium rare.
perhaps he thought i'd never ordered sliders before, or maybe he thought i've never cooked sliders before, but i've eaten dozens of them medium rare.
they were nice enough to take the sliders off my bill, but i still left hungry.
the waitress was very nice about everything, though.

I don't know what happen to Hooters?
My roommate in college use to work for one in Houston so I have frequent Hooters a time or hundred in my life.
The quality of the product has no integrity it is so nasty, the wings are never fried correctly they come out bloody and under sauced.
I just want some wings once in a while with breading.
iIt is difficult to find.

Here's the letter I wrote: I've done my fair time in restaurants and hospitality and the experience I had this evening truly made me reflect on all my past experiences; good and bad.
I thought long and hard about all my guest interactions from serving, bartending, managing, and even from a guest perspective and could not find a time where I encountered such incompetence, not only from the bartender who could not "dress" a glass, but from the manager who tried to defend her lack of knowledge by saying, "It's easier when you have a bottle.
" I don't fault someone for training; after all we all had to learn a skill sometime, but you should have the staff there to support someone who is training.
If the bartender couldn't dress the glass, maybe the lazy manager should have showed her, instead of cutting out letters for the "theme party" tomorrow.
Wait, it gets even better...
So after the 20 minute attempt at dressing a mug; we gave up and ordered a bottle.
Well it didn't come in a bottle, it came in a pint glass that was haphazardly dressed and thrown into a glass(you know, so the head was all salt...MMMM).
My wife was nice enough to scrape it off and move on.
My server who was pleasant and helpful the whole time asked if I wanted something else to drink, so I ordered a malibu, pineapple, and splash of cranberry.
Now I know this drink isn't going to be hard up on the rum, but I expected a hint of coconut as I passed the drink to my wife and asked her if my taste buds were off.
I then thought to myself, well it did come in a tall glass, but after the years of bartending I did for Chili's I never tasted a 1.25 oz pour that weak.
I of course brought this up with the manager; Shiela, and the reply will live with me forever.
"Well you should have let your server know you wanted it in a short glass or a heavier pour.
" Really?
I responded, "That is the best answer you have for me?
Your bartender can't do simple things and your response is that?
" This is when I clearly poked the angry bear inside of Shiela as she then became very defense.
Citing I do not need to be condescending and speak rudely of the bartender.
Have we moved past the point of simple guest satisfaction?
I didn't call the bartender a complete F*** up, but wish I would have considering how upset the manager got.
My point is that there was many places I could have chose to spend my money this evening with my wife and son, I ended up making a horrible decision, not based upon the food(probably the best plates to come out of the hooters kitchen in a long while), not because of the great service Jovonne gave, but because of the lack of support from the manager who should have been there to support the failing bartender and her horrible attitude.

My roomie and I hit up the hooters a lot and we haven't had anything too bad to write about.
Usually we walk in and seat ourselves, the server comes and takes our drink orders.
I usually order a big beer, I'm a small guy too but I do like a good drink.
I think I catch the girls off guard when I order my beers and wings.
Our last visit was excellent!
Our server (don't remember her name) was awesome!
She was working a whole section alone and yet she managed to take care of everyone in a timely manner.
She was just ON it with everyone.
We left her a good tip because she deserved it.
She wasn't hounding or buzzing like a fly but she had a good eye as to when she should approach or when we needed something :)  All in all, this location is pretty good.
I hope I didn't jinx myself with this review :)

I pretty much knew that visiting this place was going to leave a lot to be desired.
The food here isnt/hasnt been/never will be good.
You would think for a place that advertises wings that they would be better but nope, they suck.
Knowing this, this time I ordered the buffalo chicken sammich and my friend ordered some cheese sticks.
Now the sandwich only comes with beans or coleslaw, to add French fries is extra.
So I scrapped the beans/slaw and got the fries.
I'll address the cheese sticks first.
My friend got the puniest, most pitiful looking cheese sticks I've ever seen.
She said they weren't all that great (which is really sad cause its hard to mess us cheese sticks right?).
My sandwich came with some curly fries that were horrible.
They looked as if they hadn't been cooked long enough (they were white instead of that golden brown we all know and love), and some seasoning salt was sprinkled on top in an effort to distract me from how terrible they were.
The sandwich though, was actually decent.
There was a huge chicken breast patty dipped in buffalo sauce, sitting on top of a bun.
So I enjoyed the sammich, but pretty much hated everything else.
customer service was good, hence the two stars.
If it wasn't for that, they wouldn't have gotten any.
The beer was good and cold...like it was posed to be.
The place was LOUD too...which actually worked in my favor and helped to distract my kid.
Other than that, I don't really have many good things to say about this place.
Umm...it was clean.
Yup.
That's it.

Wish I could select zero stars!
We were seated at the FURTHEST hightop away from rest of the  patrons.
The waitress was friendly, but when a bug was found in a friend's drink, no apology given and no arguement from said waitress when all 5 of us got up and left (despite having a fresh bottle of beer delivered to the table).
Ding!
Ding!
Ding!
Probably means that this is not a singular occurrence... Do not go!
:(  #gross

Possibly the worse service ever.
I love their wings but for this simple experience, I will never go to Hooters again.
Went there for the zombie walk and ordered wings and food.
My party and I finished eating our food and the wings had not even come out.
I had to ask for them twice and the last time I asked for them to go.
I didn't even get to eat them at the restaurant.
Worst of all no one apologized for the delay or for anything.
Possibly the worse service ever.
I will never ever go to a Hooters again.
I can find better wings and service else where.
So if you want to eat good wings and bad service then go for it.
Should of been a zero star rating.

I cum to this Hooters whenever I'm in Phoenix.
Close to hotels and Starbucks.
Last time I went I had a sliver in my index finger from climbing a palm tree and falling.
Our server didn't have tweezers but summoned her inner MacGyver and took it out for me using a staple.
That itself is worth 3  stars.
Food is what you  expect from this chain.

"Quick eats"  Yep, that sums it up.
You go to hooters and you kinda know what to expect.
I find that hooters centered around campuses have less service then others.. and this locay is no exception.
This place is also kinda interesting.
They have tables but really low seats and some tables with high stools.
The restaurant feels hodge podge in the back.. so opt for a table in the front.
Go for the wings and to watch some games.
Worry less about the service and you'll be fine.

Never going to any Hooters again.
1) Flat Ass everywhere.
Eat some of the wings and do some squats.
2) They increased the price of the endless wings for the new year yet the wings got smaller.
The manager said that it is because they are being charged more.
They might want to think about changing suppliers then.
3) To charge for every ranch dressing is asinine.
We asked for one ranch each and she brought us a ranch every time we got our next plate of six tiny wings.
Never did our server Ashlea tell us we were going to have to pay for each ranch that we did not even ask for.
At least the beer was good and at a decent price.
I think we will stick to Zipps!

Went with husband and a friend.
We ordered food.
I ordered the blackened mahi.
I had it elsewhere in multiple states from Hooters.
Husband ordered the big fish sandwich blackened and friend ordered wings.
His was not breaded  The food came out and the fish on appearance looked fried.
The lady stated that it was breaded and grilled.
I have never heard of such and as stated I ate at quite a few locations.
Soon the manager (I assume) came over and stated that she can show me where it states breaded.
It doesn't state it on the menu which is common if something is breaded.
Also she said that it was a new item at that location for about 6 months.
I ended up sending it back, because it was not what I anticipated and didn't want breaded and battered food.
Also since then I have been to a couple other Hooters in Phoenix and Tempe and they did not bread or batter the "blackened" mahi.
I will never go back here.
Didn't like the service or lack there of or the food.

And then he reviewed Hooters...  A friend of mine wanted to watch a basketball game and since we were downtown this was the best place we could think of.
I hadn't been to a hooters in years and I was apprehensive about this trip since I don't eat meat.
They're known for their wings and, something else, not sure what it is.
I'm sure it'll come to me later.
I was happy to see the menu had changed a lot since I had been to a Hooters.
Not only had it changed it actually had food I could eat.
I ordered the fish and chips and I'm very sad to admit it was good.
In fact I had been at a pretty good Irish Pub in north Phoenix the day before for fish and chips and this was actually better...
I'm not sure I'll come back often as it's really not my scene but I was honestly surprised it was as good as it was.

Not a service friendly place.
We came in with a group of five to sit at a table surrounded by waitresses who where standing around by the cashier talking, while another waitress sat with a couple of guys.
We waited for about 20 minutes and still not one of the waitresses offered us water or any kind of service.
I raised my hand hoping to get one of the girls attention and still nothing.
We waited a couple more minutes before we decided to go to Tilted Kilt a few blocks away at City Scape.
This is not the first bad experience I've had with Hooters but that just solidifies my decision on not visiting Hooters again.

Horrible service!
A few friends and I walked into hooters ready to enjoy some wings and beer after a long day of work.
We sat down and waited for some service.
After about 10 minutes still no attention to our table.
Joking around we raised our hands and asked for some attention to a group of hooter girls just hanging out at the bar and still nothing.
After another 15 minutes we decided to walk up and go eat at tilted kilt down the street at city scape where the service was the complete opposite.
I will never give that hooters my money and it sucks because I love their wings.

Wings were good of course, but the kitchen could use some work.
Too long of a wait for food.

Go in for happy hour fairly often.
Love the half priced wings.
The service at this location downright sucks, good thing they have tv's to keep you occupied.

i mean...it's hooters  Awesome Happy Hour -  I went boneless this time and I think I made a mistake straying away from the naked Daytonas, but at $6 for 10 you can't go wrong   The service was quick, my soda was always full  The only disappointing factor was the fries.
They were really stale - just not crispy or tasty.

