Usually when I visit my family in Phoenix it takes what seems like a lifetime to find a place to eat that is not the tried, true, and tired.
Eating at this modest restaurant was the culinary highlight of my trip to Phoenix.
I implore all Phoenicians to frequent this establishment and your taste buds will thank you.
For starters, the chips were wonderfully light and not too oily.
The chips come with two different types of salsa.
A red salsa with a little bit of a bite and a green avocado salsa that is mild with just the right hint of avocado.
I ordered the shrimp in garlic sauce and the dish was sublime.
The shrimp were sauteed with red bell peppers and onions.
The vegetables were cooked perfectly - not too soft and not too crunchy.
The garlic sauce was wonderfully sweet and garlicky.
I couldn't get enough of it.
My dining companions both ordered the Camarones Culichi.
This dish is freaking amazing!
It consists of shrimp cooked in a green tomatillo sauce and loaded with melted Manchego cheese.
The sauce is divine and words cannot describe it properly.
The perfect accompaniments to these dishes were Mexican Coca-Colas (Yay!
), creamy beans topped with cheese, and white rice with vegetables.
The tortillas were right on and looked to be homemade.
Leave behind the comfort of the fancy pants restaurants that the trendinistas like to go to and try something real.
You will not be sorry.

If you're looking for Mexican seafood, I'd say MPH gets the nod over other joints such as Acapulco Bay (S. Scottsdale), San Carlos Bay (CenPho), or San Diego Bay (Guadeloupe).
The place has a bit of a rep for crab enchiladas (there was a blurb in Gourmet a few years ago), but they may be one of the more bland things on the menu.
I'm going to second the idea that the shrimp dishes are a great way to fall for this place on the first visit.
The camarones culichi are awesome, with a tomatillo sauce that should be distilled into bath salts.
Snapper veracruz is delicious if you're looking to test one of the more typical preparations.
Oh -- This place isn't really that parking-sketchy (especially if you've experienced the Ranch Market demo derby up the street) and they have their own lot right in front.

I've been coming here for YEARS and just thought to review it?
WTF is wrong with me???????????????????????
THIS is Mexican seafood.
I've been to other places and nothing compares!
I take a book, sit in back and people watch while creaming my "Make Me Yelp" panties as I eat my culichi.
It's D I V I N E!
Eat the shrimp with a fork but you sure as Hell better use a spoon to destroy the rest of the bowl and leave it clean!
Everything is fresh and the wait staff is loaded with recommendations.
Ask, and ye shall find.
The snapper Veracruz is so good I often order 2 and take one home.
The decor is fun - aquatic scenes that won't make you feel guilty for eating the seafood in front of you.
At Xmas they had a Santa at the door!
The people here a super-friendly!
They have their own parking lot.
You know it's a good place when yours isn't the fanciest car in the parking lot.
All kinds come here, despite the neighborhood not being the nicest in DoPho.
You can't miss it - even though I do pass it every time!
I think I'm too excited thinking of the shrimp culichi and my mouth is watering so much that I always manage to say "Crap, passed it again!
" Go.
Just go to this place.
You won't be disappointed.
I swear.
And, you won't break the bank.

At 1 PM, we were handed large menus with several dozen interesting choices.
Only one seafood entree (fish tacos) on the entire 4 pg card was less than $12, and that included soups.
I didnt really want to settle for fish tacos in a lauded casa de mariscos.
Entrees come with complementary ceviche tostadas, which was a nice surprise.
My son had the house specialty,  camerones culuchi, and I tried a flash-fried whitefish, served whole with sides, for 15 bucks.
We agreed the green culuchi sauce bathing six shrimp was instantly forgettable.
My fish had about 150 pin bones and less meat than a small can of tuna fish.
That's not an attempt at humor.
I can debone a fish and there was less meat on this crispy carcass than a standard 6 oz can of tuna, as if they extracted most of it for their own devices, leaving me with little more than skin, bones and an eyeball.
It's hardly a crummy place on the inside - the decor is cute and colorful.
Service seemed friendly, if a bit confused, and having grown up in New England,  I'm aware seafood can be pricey.
That said, after tax and tip, we spent $40 for one meh and one pretty craptastic lunch, in a hole in the wall just south of Roosevelt.
Judging from the other reviews, it sounds like we just came at a bad time, but that doesnt help me get my forty dollars back.
Two stars for the ceviche.

Here in Phoenix I think that we are pretty lucky to have such diversity in each neighborhood.
Particularly South Phoenix where you can find great Soul Food at Lolo's Chicken and Waffles, Pizza at Amano, and of course various different types and regions of Mexican food.
When I say Mexican food I'm really referring to the sort of hole in the wall, real deal family owned operations that are all over the south side of Phoenix.
So many of them dot each street corner and call like the Sirens of the night.
Marisco's Playa Hermosa is exactly what I mean by this.
"We bring the sea to the desert" is their slogan and it's so true.
Stepping inside you'll feel like you were just transported to Mazatlán, Mexico, the only things missing here is the ocean.
The place is just splashed with bright colors with hand carved tables and birds with a welcoming and friendly staff.
With so much to take in it's hard to focus on any one thing, though with so many bird carvings hanging from the ceiling I almost felt like I was in the Tiki Room at Disneyland, less the chatter of the birds of course.
Chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant can be a very good benchmark to judge the rest of your meal, Marisco's would have to be at the top of these tests.
Their chips are slightly thick, warm and a little on the oily side, this way the salt can adhere well to them.
Accompanying are 2 different salsa, red and green.
The red has a certain sweet and hot bitterness that is tasty and even better when washed down with a cold beer.
The green is made of creamy avocado and with a warm chip is absolutely delicious.
Neither were very hot but that's the thing with real deal Mexican food, its not always hot and spicy.
So you'll have no reason to expect the "burning ring of fire" the next day!
With so many different and tasty sounding items to choose from, deciding was pretty tough as I really enjoy some good seafood.
So imagine this, 8 large perfectly cooked shrimp, swimming in a creamy tomatillo and cilantro sauce, then topped with a sprinkling of cheese.
If this sounds like something you would enjoy then go ahead and order the Camarones Culichi ($13.99).
You will also get a basket of hot fresh corn or flour tortillas for dunking as well as rice, beans and a fresh lettuce salad dressed with lime juice.
The beans have a nice texture with good flavor but the rice is nice!
Well steamed and seasoned, the rice has a bright white color which might look bland, but after one bite you'll be wrapping it up in a hot tortilla and dunking it into the beans.
The Mojarra Frita ($15), a fried whole fried fish, sounds and looks good, but decided to be more like a daddy's little girl and order something less involved.
Crab Enchilada's ($13) are not only the house specialty but are good to the last bite.
3 corn tortillas over stuffed with sweet crab meat, rolled together with cheese and covered in a slightly spicy red sauce.
Again with the rice, beans and salad this is a pretty large plate and for the money, a great value.
The enchiladas were actually featured in Gourmet Magazine at one time, who knew?
On the back of the menu you'll find a section called Camida Mexicana which are plates of regular Mexican fare such as burritos, taco's and fajitas.
Not trying the Carne Asada Taco's ($6.99) would be a real shame since the meat is so tender and the flavor so beefy.
A plate full of 3 tacos, double tortilla, chopped beef and onions, with rice and beans is both satisfying and ample.
Douse the tacos with some of the guacamole salsa and you'll have a party on your plate!
The Quesadilla ($7.99) is just cheese and a tortilla, while good it was quite ordinary.
However the smell from the Fajitas De Pollo ($10.99) was amazing!
I'll have those to myself next time!
For dessert you can stick with maybe a Mexican Coke ($2) made with real sugar or a large glass of over ice Horchata ($2.50).
Though for something more, the Flan ($4) was different than what you normally get.
More cake like and dense than silky smooth, it was decent enough and a nice finish to so many savory dishes.
Otherwise there aren't any other desserts offers, like you'll have room after such good sized portions anyway.
Marisco's Playa Hermosa is a real gem and has the menu, friendliness and comfortable vibe to back it up.
While the neighborhood feels a bit on the seedy side, as they say, nothing ventured, nothing gained?

My husband and I visited MPH last night after reading some great reviews on Yelp.
This place did not disappoint.
The decor inside MPH is colorful and welcoming.
Nothing to special, but nice.
We were sat immediately and our drink orders taken.
The reviews of the chips and salsa have not been exaggerated.
The chips are thicker, almost softer and deliciously warm and salty.
The red salsa has a nice rich, spicy flavor, but the green salsa, oh, the green salsa.
The green salsa is avocado and cilantro based.
It has a wonderful fresh, almost tangy flavor that is complimented well by the creaminess the avocado brings to the dish.
When our drinks arrived my husband was delighted by the icy mexican coca-cola, as was I.
Our waiter also brought out a fish ceviche tostada.
Though it was a surprising treat the ceviche was not a flavorful as we had hoped.
While we enjoyed the chips and salsa we could hear and smell our entree being freshly prepared.
With out waiter suggestion we ordered the Molcajete.
Which is essentially a sampler of grilled sea bass, shrimp, chicken, beef and octopus all swimming and sizzling in a tasty tomatillo based sauce.
All the meats were fresh, tender and very flavorful.
The rich green sauce was delightful.
The bubbling cauldron of flavor was accompanied by flour tortillas that were tasty, but most importantly had a great texture for sopping up all the sauce, yum.
Also included were some decent creamy pinto beans and fluffly white rice with what seemed to be veg-all mixed in.
Mu husband loved the rice, I was less impressed and opted to fill up on everything else.
I can not leave this review with out mentioning the amazing guacamole.
Freshly made, and the perfect amount of chunkiness.
Some of the best gauc I have had recently.
Our bill was an even 40 after tax and tip and we left with some delicious left overs.
Overall this place is great, delicious, fresh, and affordable with very friendly service.

This place is the best Mexican seafood I've found in Phoenix!
Delicious chips with two kinds of salsas, plus they bring complimentary shrimp ceviche tostadas that are superb!
The Camarones Culichi, one of their specialty dishes, is OUTRAGEOUSLY good!
You'll finish all the shrimp and then want to sop up the rest of the sauce with their fresh homemade tortillas!
My only complaint is that the beans served with the dish were cold.
If you go for lunch and aren't a huge eater, be sure to ask for the lunch portions, which are half the price listed on the menu!
The atmosphere is wonderfully festive, much nicer than you'd expect from the outside, and the service is prompt and friendly.
There's good reason for the numerous plaques and articles of praise adorning the walls (including a 5 star review from Seftel back in '04)!

This is the best Mexican seafood restaurant I've been to.
Yum, yum, yum.
I loved the chips and green salsa.
The draft beer comes in a huge margarita-like glass, enough for two people to share if you don't want too much to drink.
The Camarones Culichi was heavenly.
The service is friendly and prompt.
The atmosphere is warm and cozy, yet also festive.
The prices are extremely reasonable, especially given the quality of the food and the complimentary ceviche before the main entree.
Absolutely everything was delicious.
This place should be packed on a Saturday night, although it's okay with me if just a few people know about this culinary gem.
I want to try their tequila have my next birthday celebration here--drinks, awesome food, friendly staff--sounds like the perfect place for a party.

Last summer my boyfrined and I started the Summer Ceviche Project, which was to visit all the Mexican seafood places that populate the southern part of the near-east side.
This was the first place we tried.
After 13 places, we stopped trying anything else.
This is literally the gold standard.
Not to say there isn't amazing ceviche in other places, or even great ceviches at trendier spots.
This is just what all ceviche needs to start its life as: shrimp, cucumbers, onions and tomato.
Slice of avacado on top, ample selection of hot sauces if you so desire.
(He does, I don't.
)      If you want to add or create away from that basic recipe.
So be it.
It's been done nicely at loads of expensive trendy spots.
(Scottsdale: Seriously, $10 for a tostada?
) But if you do it this good, why in the world would you mess with it?
Back to MPH:  The tomatillo-avacado salsa is one of the biggest reasons I can never leave Phoenix.
I would literally crinkle up and die if I didn't get it once a week.
Just go.
It's seafood, so the regular menu is not "cheap mexican.
"  BUT, nine times out of ten, I just go in for a beer, a ceviche tostada.
If we go during happy hour, two beers, two ceviche tostadas and chips and salsa will set me and the boy back $12.
During scorching summers, who wants any more food than that?
When it's 115 outside, getting a lovely, air conditioned place to sit, drink a beer, eat great food....and leave for under $20 for two people makes this a true find.
Last note: the place is freaking ADORABLE, the service is amazing, and if you go more than twice, they will start to remember you.
Which is nice.

After having Ceviche tostadas on my trip to Coachella in Indio I have been craving them ever since.
So I decided to turn to Yelp to search for a place to feed my craving here in Phoenix.
I found Mariscos Playa Hermosa was the highest rated ceviche in Phoenix so I figured this was the place to go.
So Sunday afternoon I was craving some seafood and I thought no time was better then the present to try this place out.
I walked in and the place is as colorful as can be.
The artwork on the chairs match the tables and each set was different.
I was just hoping the food lived up to the reviews and the color of the place.
I got seated and placed my order one fish and one crab ceviche tostada.
I got chips and salsa dropped off at the table and the red salsa was nice and spicy.
The green had a great flavor but not much spice.
My tostadas came out pretty quick and WOW they were amazing.
The crab was my favorite lots of meat and just full of flavor.
The fish was really flavorful as well.
After stuffing my face with this tostada goodness I was full so I didn't order anything else off the menu.
I will be back for sure as the whole menu looks amazing.
If you haven't been and you like seafood get in your car and go NOW.
:)  They have happy hour daily from 4-7 which I will keep in my memory for future trips.

Aaah the unassuming, small restaurant in a questionable part of town.
I should know these happen to be some of the BEST places for a meal.
We decided on this place after my son did a little research on Mariscos Restaurants in the area.
It was in celebration of my hubs "26th" birthday and his craving for Mariscos.
Upon pulling up to the restaurant we gave each other questionable look due  to the size of the restaurant and neighborhood, but it quickly discipitated upon entrance.
Beautifuuul, colorful decor.
Very clean and plenty of seating with a full bar.
We chose seats and our waitress came over for our drink order.
In addition to the traditional chips and salsa we were also brought ceviche tostadas.. ON THE HOUSE.
I personally liked both salsas and the chips were thin and crispy and fresh.
Hubs wasn't feeling either the red or green salsa.
I ordered the fish tacos - FABULOUS.
I was expecting fried fish and cream sauce but received fresh grilled fish with a sprinkling of cheese.
I was a liitle doubtful but with my first bit I was in love.
Sooooo good and so flavorful without the guilt that comes with eating fried food.
The rice is not a tomato based rice, flavorful nonetheless, white with veggies.
Very good.
The beans were also very good, reminded me of grandmas.
We all tasted each others food and there was not one thing I didn't love.
My daughter got the Shrimp Ranchera.. fresh, delicious shrimp and veggies in a light, lemony sauce.
My son got the Molcajete Caliente.. GREAT dish to share.
The meat, and the fish were the BEST.
The sauce was nice and smokey and had just a full great flavor to it.
Hubs got a seafood cocktail depsite my coaxing into getting a pescado frito.
I wanted a taste :/ His cocktail was very good despite them using canned clams rather than fresh.
This has quickly become my new favorite Mariscos spot in AZ.
Can't wait to visit again and try some of the other dishes!

I love this place.
My dad and I went here about 5 months ago and I have been here almost a dozen times since.
I love the fish tacos.
The place seems clean and the help is really friendly.
They also have this green salsa that they bring out with the chips right at first that is really good!
The surrounding area is rough but this is good!

Sometimes you have to explore and try those hole in the places.
Sometimes you get junk and other times, if your lucky.
You get a place like this.
I was astounded yes I said it ASTOUNDED.
By how authentic and delicious this place is.
If you haven't come here you haven't had real Mexican seafood.
Trust me you have to come here.
Chase out

Ditto to all the positive reviews out there.
This place rocks.
The outside actually isn't THAT bad, but yes, I would hesitate to go in if it weren't for all the fantastic reviews on yelp.
Once inside, it is just as all the pretty yelp pictures depict: a clean and bright dining room with colorful tables and chairs.
My friend and I ordered the mixed seafood cocktail and the shrimp culichi.
Both were super tasty, as were the complimentary ceviche tostadas.
The culichi sauce was so good that I had to stop myself from drinking it.
The seafood cocktail was very refreshing - just what is needed during the Phoenix summer.
It had shrimp, oysters, clams, abalone, calamari, and octopus.
Almost all the seafood was fresh and sweet, and the dish was huge.
The only critique is I can do without the clams.
They are the tiny canned ones instead of the fresh ones like I had in the cocktails in Mexico.
Service was really good as well.
Overall, this was a very pleasant experience.
I will be back and I am telling everyone I know about this new find.

This place is the best Mexican seafood I've found in Phoenix!
they bring complimentary shrimp ceviche tostadas that are superb!
The Camarones Culichi and Molcajete Caliente, one of their specialty dishes,  If you go for lunch and, be sure to ask for the lunch portions, which are half the price listed on the menu!
The atmosphere is wonderfully festive, much nicer than you'd expect from the outside, and the service is prompt and friendly.
There's good reason for the numerous plaques and articles of praise adorning the walls.

I'm in love.
The festive décor charmed me the second I walked in the door.
We sat down and were immediately greeting by a sweet waitress carrying a basket of chips.
The chips were light and fresh and came with two salsas, a red and a green avocado salsa.
We ordered: Camarones aguachile hot drowned shrimp, Camarones culichi shrimps in a green sauce,tomatill & cilantro, rezongue enchiladas crab enchiladas in a red sauce.
I also ordered a club soda and when the waitress asked if I wanted it prepared mexi style I said yes.
What she brought back was a delicious mix of club soda, salt and muddled lime.
It's my new favorite drink.
We patiently waited for our meal and remarked on the little mermaid scene in front of us.
I almost expected the crustaceans to come to life and start playing music.
Then to our surprise little fish tostadas were dropped on our table.
What a nice touch!
The dishes were excellent, all were paired with homemade tortillas, beans and white rice with vegetables.
The camarones culichi was my favorite.
Fresh seafood, fun atmosphere, great service.

Wow, from the street it looks a little rough.
But I noticed that the parking lot had been freshly hosed down and was spotless.
As soon as we entered I knew we were in for a treat.
A wonderful friendly atmosphere and all of the chairs and tables were hand painted in Mexican folk art.
The place was immaculate.
We had called for a reservation for 12 people and our table was ready for us and we were immediately offered chips, 2 types of salsa and waters.
There were so many wonderful things to try on the menu that we all ordered something different.
After we ordered we were given some of the best cevichi I have ever as an appetizer (no charge)!
Even though the kitchen had to prepare 12 different plates, they all came out together.
EVERYTHING was very carefully made and delicious.
By far some of the finest Mexican food in the valley.
We travel in Mexico often and have had many wonderful meals there.
Imagine going to 16th street and Roosevelt for something even better.
The service was VERY friendly and timely.
It felt like we were eating at my Grandmother's house!
Hands down, my new favorite Mexican Restaurant

Magnifico!
Great little place tucked away in a semi-residential area of town.
Felt like I was part of the family after being seated.
Bright cheerful atmosphere like a fiesta!
Food was very flavoful even the white rice.
Crab enchiladas full of white crab meat and smothered in your choice of red or green sauce.
Salsa you get red (Spicy) and green (mild) with chips and I got a complimentary Cerviche.
The red salsa had a nice smoky flavor and just the right kick of heat.
Can't wait to try other dishes when I return to Phoenix in a couple of weeks!

Yummy mom and pop place.
Excellent ceviche and I love ordering the molcajete.
It comes bubbling and filled to the brim with seafood goodies served in a volcanic rock container.
The chips could use a little work, but with all the plentiful Pacificos that come on out, I don't generally notice or remember by the end.

The reviews are spot on.
My husband and I went to this place for an early dinner.
Yes, the area looks a little rough but it was pretty early.
I followed the recommendation of other yelpers and ordered the shrimp culichi, very good choice.
My husband had the Torito de camaron, a yellow chili filled with shrimp, even better choice than mine.
The salsas were so good, the tomatillo one had enough spice for me.
I can handle spice, the red one was great too, however a bit too spicy for me this week.
Maybe another time I might enjoy it more.
My husband loved it.
We also had the shrimp meatball soup, very well seasoned and delicious.
BTW I loved their corn tortillas and they told me they get them at the Sonorense.
They were fresh and cooked to perfection.
I dipped them in the green salsa, YUM.
The margaritas are ok, but I was really here for the food.

Great location, sea food is fresh, I enjoy the end of the week.
Garlic Shrimp dish blew me away.
One of those places when you finally eat there you were thinking why it took so long.
Real Food is here, Look for their three locations in the Valley

I'm gonna have to join all the 5-star reviewers.
This place is TOTALLY AWESOME !!
(forgive my usage of the cliched 80s standby, but this applies here !!
)   Everything was just about right.
The service was prompt and helpful.
The salad was fresh and crispy.
The rice was filled with little chunks of green beans and carrots and I think corn too.
The refried beans were not overly fatty nor were they overly salty.
The guacamole was chunky and tasty, with BIG chunks of avocado.
The corn tortillas were light, soft, and fresh.
The Shrimp culichi sauce was so good that I was eating it with a spoon.
The Negra Modelo on tap in a 28-oz glass for $3 was a super-bargain and Oh So Cold and Yummy.
The chips were hot and fairly thick and a little oily - top notch.
The red salsa was smokey and had a bit of kick.
The green tomatillo/avocado salsa was about the best I've had in town.
OH YES I ALMOST FORGOT:  They gave me an "on the house" Ceviche tostada, and it was the BEST Ceviche I have EVER tasted.
I don't normally like it, but this was SCRUMPTIOUS.
Can't wait for tomorrow to munch on the leftovers.
This place is not only a great Mexican SEAFOOD restaurant - it's about as good as any REGULAR Mexican restaurant in town.
Miss out on trying this place?
That would be a bad move.

2nd visit.
1st visit had seafood soup.
A bit heavy on cilantro for me, not a cilantro fan.
2nd visit had fish and shrimp with poblano sauce.
Would have been 5 stars but the only 4 shrimp came with it and they looked a bit lost on the large plate.
Draft beer at $3 is a real bargain.
Service was helpful and quick.
HOW do they get the food out so quickly?
Place was nearly empty both nights.
If this place was in a suburban strip mall, the line would be out the door.
Do yourself a favor and go.
I certainly plan on returning often.

BEST MEXICAN FOOD EVER.
Do not even look at the menu, people.
Just order a Dos Equis and the Molcajete Caliente with verde sauce.
My boyfriend and I found this place on the Yelp app, like most eateries we visited while in Phoenix.
I cannot express how happy this place made us.
We loved the restaurant, the service and the food so much that we actually came back and ate there again before heading to the airport.
The Molcajete Caliente is $22 for two people.
You each get your own ceviche tostada and plate of rice, beans and salad (all delicious).
They also bring a warmer with corn or flour tortillas.
But the main event... a volcanic-like cast iron cauldron (a molcajete) teeming with bubbling green sauce with various kinds of grilled meats and seafood hanging around the outside.
The smell alone will bring you halfway to heaven, but ZOMG, taste explosion!
SO GOOD.
It comes with two breaded fish filets, two pieces of grilled steak, two of chicken and four big shrimp.
Plus, there are little chunks of octopus in the sauce itself.
If I had to choose a favorite, it would be the fish (or the seafood in general), but every bite of everything was honestly amazing.
It may be the best sauce I've ever eaten.
The service was superb both visits---super friendly, fast and helpful.
The server was the one who recommended the molcajete in the first place, actually.
The prices are almost unbelievable ($22 for a VOLCANO OF FOOD??).
The restaurant itself is really clean and full ceramic tiles and colorful artwork.
Some reviewers have commented about the dodgy location.
The neighborhood seemed fine to me, though I don't live in Phoenix so I could be mistaken.
It's mostly residential, but well-worth making a special trip (like, every single day) for this food!
Note: If you're planning on ordering the ceviche as an appetizer, just be aware that you might not get your house ceviche tostadas.
We didn't get ours the second visit because my boyfriend insisted on getting a full order of ceviche.
He was hoping they would bring both (because he's insane and would eat an ocean full of ceviche if left on his own), but they didn't.

The further into the sketchier parts of Phoenix we drove, the more I knew that Mariscos Playa Hermosa was going to be legit.
Its quite unassuming from the outside but the overly-enthused lobster sign out front let's you know you've arrived.
Don't judge a book by its cover.
Mariscos Playa Hermosa may appear a bit ghetto but open its doors and you've entered a tropical island paradise.
The inside reminds me of what the Chiquita Banana lady's house would look like...  blindingly bright colors, suns, moons, parrots, wooden fruit, flowers and trees.
There was one man running the show and he was superb.
Very attentive, expedient and friendly.
You won't be disappointed with the shrimp culichi or any of the cerviche menu options... not to mention the wide margarita selection.

In my never ending quest to find the best mexican food in the universe I came across this lovely little colorful gem in central Phoenix.
Warning, the color scheme in this place may cause seizures, minor heart explosions, massive weight gain, restless torso syndrome and restless leg syndrome.
First off you know you're in the right place where you wonder if you're car is safe to park there.
You walk in and a complete array of colors hit you, leaving you breathless, speechless and eventually i'm sure sightless.
The food and margeritas were amazing.
Shrimp Cerviche was to die for.
It was delicious and I have to honestly say that although my quest to find the best mexican food in the universe will never be complete, this is my favorite place for shrimp Cerviche so far.

I love this place!
Great food and great service.
The green salsa is terrific with fresh chips.
I usually get one of three things: filete a la plancha (grilled fish), tacos al gobernador (shrimp tacos) or the fish ceviche.
The shrimp cocktail and shrimp culiche (baked in green sauce with cheese) are also amazing.
I've been coming to this place for years, and the quality is always outstanding.
I'm just a bit surprised that it isn't more crowded--with food this good, you'd think people would be flocking here!

Very festive décor with all kinds of little mermaid paintings and colorful chairs/counters.
Chips are light and fresh and came with two salsas, a red and a green salsa.
Fast, friendly and attentive service.
Had the recommended crab enchiladas in a red sauce.
Delicious and heavy on the crab, as it should be  BOTTOM LINE: Festive and delicious Mexican seafood in a strip-mall barrio kinda way

I'm taking my dad here.
This place is pretty authentic- made me long for a beach in lareado.
The Hunny and I had a dozen oysters (not a good choice but not bad any means)  We downed those with tapatio and fresh limes juice.
Then we had ceviche which is my favorite food ever.
So good!
I loved it.
It was hearty with great lime juice.
I had the fish tacos and he had shrimp and fish veracruz or something.
Both were good- did it taste like the freshest fish of all time?
no.
Did I eat it anyways because it tasted like Baja California.
Yup.
I really like this place.
They also have my hunny's favorite mexican beer- bohemia.

Going to Mariscos Playa Hermosa is like taking a quick vacation to Rocky Point.
The seafood was fresh, the service friendly and the atmosphere authentic.
I went with the advice of a previous yelper and ordered the molcajete.
And she was right, it truly was a volcano of food.
Chicken, steak, fish and shrimp all surrounding a bubbling green sauce that's so good you want to drink it.
Beans, rice, salads and fresh tortillas were served on the side, perfect for making your own little burritos.
The complimentary ceviche tostadas were a nice touch and the green salsa was BUENO.
The margaritas were really good too, although they were pretty small.
All in all, it was well worth the drive and I can't wait to go back.
Note to late diners: they close at 8:00 :(

Camarones aguachile are aweeeeeeeeeeeeeesome!!!
I love this place if you like seafood and Mexican food then look no further this place is the bomb.
The service is good, they have great drinks alcoholic and non, and the food is amazing.
Plus the ceviche tostada for free at the beginning along with chips and salsa just tops off how wonderful this place is.
I admit it is pricey but the ingredients are fresh and we are in the desert so you gotta pay for good stuff and this place is for sure worth it.

First off I prefer Mariscos Sinaloa so we will continue to go there instead.
I was a bit afraid to park my vehicle outside in this neighborhood with all the locals walking around.
The ambiance inside the restaurant was cute and enjoyable.
The server just had a flat affect.
He was neither friendly or rude.
I thought the menu prices were a bit high.
We paid the full prices for lunch on a weekend.
We got plenty of free chips and the two salsas.
I really enjoyed the green one.
We did not receive any free tostadas like other yelpers report receiving.
The portion sizes were good and I left full with some leftovers.
My son is 12 years old and tried a half order of Oysters on the half shell.
It was his first time trying oysters and he really liked them.
I ordered a bean and cheese burrito, the cheese enchiladas and quacamole to share with my two little girls.
We really enjoyed the beans, the rice (and I am not usually a fan of rice!
), and the guacamole.
The enchiladas were just okay.

On a recent vacation to Mexico, my mom asked Jared and I where the best Mexican food in Phoenix was...
This place immediately came to mind for us both!
When you walk into the door of Mariscos Playa Hermosa, you feel like you very well may be in Mexico.
It feels extremely authentic, with a festive atmosphere, a staff that doesn't speak too much English, and food that is delicioso!
It's nothing like the Americanized Mexican / Latin places  you've been to before.
Don't load up on the chips and salsa as the portions are big and you'll want to save room for what is to come.
Their house iced tea is very good if you want something other than a cold cerveza.
As Annie D said in her review, I highly recommend going with the Molcajete Caliente with verde sauce.
You can't go wrong with that!
I ordered something else and ate off of Jared's Molcajete Caliente along with my own.
That sauce is incredible!
Note that this place closes early during the week.
We met some friends there at 7pm and at 8:20 we were the last ones in there and we could tell the staff was ready to go home.
I can't wait to return to this local gem of a restauran for another memorable meal very soon.

I've been here a few times and they never disappoint.
The seafood is incredible, service is good and the decor is - colorful!

First time tonight...and was extremely pleased.
Excellent service, fun decor and outstanding food.
I had the mix grilled fish/chicken/meat that had a wonderful creamy tomatillo sauce in the middle filled with octopus..this was like a mexican pupu platter!!
Enough for 2, have leftovers.
I love the complimentary cerviche taco they bring after ordering our margaritas...definitely a will go again soon...

Have been coming her for years.
Went back about 4 months ago after a long break away and it was still as good and fresh as ever.
The little marisco joint is colorful, clean, and the staff is friendly.
The chips and green salsa are phenomenal and the little ceviche tostada they bring to each customer before there main dish is served, is a lovely touch.
Go!....go now!.....you will be be disappointed ;)

If I lived near this restaurant I would be there all the time.
They make the most refined yet homey sauces (especially the camarones culichi, or shrimp in green poblano sauce is addictive), serve freshly fried puffy tortilla chips, delicious ceviche tostadas on the house, and perfect shrimp tacos.
The atmosphere is warm, festive and neighborly, no pretensions and the prices reflect this.
There is a full bar, huge draft beers with lots of lime, and very hospitable service.
I haven't enjoyed such a wide array of flavors, amazing Mexican style seafood outside of Mexico, even in San Diego which comes close.

If your love seafood and are craving mexican food, this place is it!
Don't let the outside or surrounding buildings intimidate you.
The food is well worth the trip!
With free chips and salsa and also a delicious free bit of their ceviche while you order and wait, ya really can't go wrong!
Its a bit small inside but perfectly sized for a nice peaceful meal without the room full of loud customes that normally comes with a great restaurant.
The staff is friendly, and the mood is colorfully relaxing.
I live in E. Mesa and its even worth the drive!
:-)

This would be three and a half but you can not do that.
A rough looking sort of neighborhood but a nice and welcoming environment once you get inside.
Great menu you with items you do not see in most mexican restaurants.
Not cheap but a good quality and quantity.
Would recommend it.

Great fresh sea food!
Best I have had in Phoenix, clean and great service.
Do not let the neigbor hood scare you away, this place is great.
Crab enchalads are the best.
Ceveche is as good as I have found.
I will be back soon.

OK, mi madre is not prone to going out to eat unless you say the word, "seafood" to her.
However, my aunt and I read some reviews and used our best cajoling to get her out of her mu mu and into the car to visit this little restaurant just down the way from Ranch Market.
When we walked in, I was excited by the colors and festive feel that they have.
We were greeted by the owner who is very attentive, and seated straight away.
Having read the Yelp!
reviews, I knew I was going to aim for the camarones culichi, and gazed at their vast options anyhow.
I consider myself pretty seafood savvy!
They have such an array of fish dishes that I long to try!
Especially their fish soup... it looked amazing.
However, I stuck to my trusted reviews and ordered the camarones culichi, my mother ordered the garlic shrimp, and my aunt ordered the fried fish filet.
I know they said not to fill up on the chips and salsa-- but that green salsa made me so happy, I think I will order a pint to take home next time I go.
Trust me.
First, they brought by little ceviche tostadas to try-- I was so excited that the fish tasted so fresh and delightful.
Also, free ceviche?
I have no idea if they do this all the time, but what a deal!
It had a chipotle and citrus flavor immersed in it and was light, but very satisfying.
The culichi sauce is full of tomatillo, cilantro, garlic, and lime-- however, their combination is so magical, I cannot express it without salivating.
The shrimp are cooked in the sauce and brought out separate from the salad, beans, and rice, and they have the same amazing taste.
I will seriously write a poem for how that sauce tastes-- and they give you plenty of fresh tortillas that I wrapped the beans and rice with and dipped in that sauce to ensure I got every last drop.
You could taste the freshness of the fish even in the fried fish, which was seasoned and fried to perfection.
The "exquisite salad" that they offer with every meal really is exquisite, while simple and melds to the meals well since there isn't a strong dressing on it.
The point is, we left so amazingly joyful and thanked the owner about ten times.
I don't know how I am expected to go to another restaurant for some time...

This place was a little out of the way but not far from my hotel.
I arrived late on a Wednesday, and was the only one there.
But the place was clean and colorful, and I was cheerfully greeted.
Throughout, I was not rushed, even when they were closing at 8PM.
Based on some of the reviews on Yelp, I wanted to try it out.
The chips and salsa were very good, although I didn't care for a somewhat smoky flavor of the salsa roja.
The verde was much better!
I went with the camarones salad to start.
Really tasty, LOADS of shrimp (maybe they had to get rid of them), but for me a bit too many onions.
However, the mixture, topped with cilantro was very tasty.
In addition to the chips, a big basket of crackers accompanied the dish.
The entree I selected was the camarones culichi.
It was very tasty, with the sauce light, but delicious.
The flour tortillas were fresh and warm.
The meal was accompanied but a Negra Modelo (in the bottle, but they had it on tap as well.
)  All in all, it was a great experience.
I don't think I will be able to make it back on this trip (and don't really know if I will ever - it's a long way from Alaska) but highly recommend stopping by.
Don't let the neighborhood or outside appearances deceive...

The bright decor soon gives way to best mariscos I have had in Phoenix; you have a loyal customer.

In my quest for the best Mexican food (somewhere in which the refried beans are not from a can).
I happened upon Mariscos!
It was fabulous and I will return often and work my way through the menu.
I had the camarone culichi, which came with rice, salad and beans.
It was a lot of food, enough to take home for a second meal.
Next time I will try a margarita....it looked very tasty.
The establishment was quaint, it looked very clean and they were very welcoming!

The best burrito I have had in a long time and the service was great.
They gave us a complimentary ceviche tostada and it was yummy.

I found this place using Yelp.
They have well-made margaritas.
The chips come with red and green salsas.
The service is really friendly and the food is delicious.
I would go back.
I recommend the ceviche tostadas.
I had the crab enchiladas that were good.
The best entree I tried was a fried fish entree.

This is the kind of place I want to go back again and again.
There are so many amazing things on the menu.
Fish of all kinds, prepared in all sorts of traditions.
Shrimps, etc.. And Modello Negro on TAP.
yeah man.
And the people were really friendly - clearly a family run place.
LOVE IT.

Mariscos Playa Hermosa is not only a reason to come to South Phoenix, but a reason to come often!
On the outside, the restaurant seems like any seafood shanty along the Pacific.
When inside, I found the campy under-the-sea theme somehow welcoming-- and the service, even more so.
The food is deliciously seasoned and unexpectedly fresh.
Being served complimentary ceviche tostadas zesty with lime was a wonderful start to our meal, followed by fried fish and green salsa-doused shrimp.
Portions were thankfully generous.
This was, without a doubt, a meal to savor!
...We'll be back soon!

The exterior of the building might be unappealing but once you step in it's whimsical and cheerful.
This is a Family Owned Sinaloan Style Seafood Restaurant that is open every day for lunch and dinner.
Right away they gave us house made chips , the daily made green guacamole style salsa and the spicier red salsa.
They are delicious and differ from other salsas I've tried elsewhere and I only tried a few and then they presented Mini Complementary Tostada Ceviches and gosh they were excellent and were better in taste (not quality of fish)  than some I've tried at high end dinning destinations paying maybe the same as my whole meal here and these were FREE here.
I always enjoy the fish veracruzana with vegetables but this time tried the fish with poblano peppers , onions and tomatoes.
Both these dishes I can tell you are as tasty as can be.
The fish filet is mild and fresh with a feather light batter that is not oily being the lightest batter I have ever seen on a delicate fresh fish.
For me what makes these dishes so great is the delicious well made light sauces they are in.
Also included are very soft fresh tasting tortillas and on the platter was salad , refried beans and a white rice with mixed vegetables that is yummy from the sauce of your dish.
All this food I got was only $13.00 It was not good but very good.
While we were dining I noticed most people were ordering what looked like a steaming large cauldron of mixed grilled meats and fish , I found out this dish is called Malcajete and it looked great to try.
They offer many variations of fish , steamed , grilled , battered, and breaded with a variety of sauces.
Very little in the way of chicken or beef but they do have some.
It's a small family run business so when they get busy sometimes they go down a bit I noticed on a visit after I wrote this Yelp.
3.5-5 stars

Okay, so I'm just a Bostonian who has basically been totally awed by Arizona in general, but seriously this place was totally amazing.
Not only did they give us salsa and chips (both delicious) to start our meal, but also a small serving of cerviche which was fantastic.
And the meals were SO BIG.
We were just two people, and after we both ordered a meal and a margharita, the waiter asked us, "is that all?
" and we were worried we hadn't ordered enough but it turned out we ordered too much.
And oh my gosh it was so good.
The server recommended shrimp in green sauce, and we also go the octopus.
Amazing!
As a side note, the beer serving was also huge.
The atmosphere was perfect, there was copious parking, the restaurant was maybe a 7 minute drive from our car rental.
Everything was for the win!
They do close early (at least when we were there) so keep that in mind.
But oh my gosh, thank you for your incredible Mexican food!

I decided to come here because of all the fabulous reviews that I read on yelp.
It was okay...that's about it.
The chips and salsa were really good...the salsas were actually good and the red one was actually spicy and not like a tomato/ketchup salsa like most places...
I ordered a ceviche de camaron tostada....and that was really good!
I Tried a fish taco...which I was surprised to see that it was more like a quesadilla de maiz with pieces of like shredded fish...I was expecting to see a fried fish taco but I guess that was my fault for not making sure it was what i wanted.
My boyfriend doesn't like marisco so he ordered the carne asada tacos...umm, ya that  wasn't really tasty at all.
The tortillas were cold and the meat was over seasoned...
I would probably come here again for the ceviche but have no desire to try anything else on the menu.

I am kicking myself for not trying this place sooner.
I found it thanks to a Yelp search.
The moment I walked in I felt like I was in downtown Rocky Point.
Everyone has pretty much covered the complimentary Chips & Salsa but they can't describe how delicious the Green one was.
It was not like anything I have ever had.
It has a taste of creamy avocados and was perfect with the Chips but also was perfect on the fried fish I had.
I sliced some of the fish and put it in a freshly made flour tortilla and spooned some of the Green sauce on it and was in heaven.
I ordered the fried (breaded) Fish & Shrimp.
The shrimp needed no sauce at all.
The breading was perfectly seasoned and the shrimp were some of the largest and tastiest I have had.
There was way to much food for even a hearty eater.
Don't let the location scare you it is perfectly safe and the place is warm and inviting inside.
My only regret is I was to full to eat some of the yummy looking deserts in the case.
I am going to make room for them next time if I have to split a plate with someone but in any case I will be back.

It's a few short nervous blocks from the freeway.
Inside, it is a world of color, a world, of textures, a world of flavor (this is a pretty, pretty, vibrant interior - -  a complete world of fun if you weren't into the serious business of eating lunch).
I completely simpled out  when ordering and simply got the Mar Y Tierra  (surf & turf - - a stir-fry-up of strip steak and gobsmackingly richly embroidered shrimp).
The little tortilla that came as an appertizer-thingy with the meal was like tiny cubes of chunk tuna in a vinegar-like sauce.
The big plate with fine beans,  some salad accents,  and the incendiary steak&mind-blowing shrimp was super delicious.
A twenty covered it including tip.
Anytime, anywhere, take me back and please let me try some more menu items.

Really wanted to love love love this place.
The service was great and liked the decor.
The food wasn't amazing though.
I got the garlic shrimp, which seemed more buttery than garlicky.
Husband muscled through his fish tacos.
Kiddos didn't want to eat what looked like Costco chicken nuggets.
I did like my giant margarita.
The amuse-bouche (ceviche) was phenomenal.

If it wasn't for the location, this place would have been 5.
The shrimp dishes are absolutely wonderful, the service is great and decor is certainly interesting.
I will be back.
Only wish it was closer to my usual haunts

This place was good, just not as good as I had hoped based on the reviews.
I would have given the place 3 1/2.
Since I can't, I decided to balance out another reviewer who gave the place 4 stars but also thought it deserved 3 1/2.
Positive notes:  Hot sauce had some bite to it, chips were good, Camarones culichi had a wonderful sauce.
Lots of fresh limes served with the meal.
Full bar.
Not-so-positive notes:  Shrimp in the Camarones culichi was overcooked (cardinal sin for a seafood place).
The shrimp coctail was just ok - good sized boiled shrimp, but not too much flavor.
If driving by and hungry I would stop in again, but not if I have to drive too far out of the way.

I've been here several times and just finally got the time to tell everyone about the delicious food this place has to offer.
I have eaten a variety of their plates and everything has been amazing.
Their cocktail shrimp is great.
Shrimp and Pescado ceviche is clutch!
I enjoyed every bite.
Camarones a la crema de broccoli is amazing.
I thought it sounded weird at first, but once I digged in I wanted more after each bite.
I really want to try every plate!
My 5 year old nephew is a VERY picky eater.
I don't think he's ever tried seafood and liked it, but I somehow got him (okay forced him) to have camarones a la plancha once.
Whabam!
He LOVED the camarones a la plancha.
He refuses to eat any other shrimp if it isn't like how playa hermosa prepares them.
Went during happy hour and got SUPER CHEAP Negra Modelo.
They have soccer games playing, so enjoy a nice michelada or beer watching your favorite team.
The service is great too.
The owners are super nice.
They really care about their customers.
The place is in shady looking area, but don't let that frighten you.
The place is a diamond in the rough.

I love this place!
I've been eating here for several years, from when I worked at the health dept and it was right out the back door.
It's in kind of a weird neighborhood just west of the projects, but not too horrible.
The ceviche is excellent, but my favorite by far is the Viagra Soup (yes, it really is called that) which is out of this world!

Seafood Mexican????
Really????
REALLY!!!!!
This is the bomb!
The best Mexican I have ever had in my life!
Funky, but good!
Go with the big seafood sampler, but share it with a friend, as it will feed you both,  Tis place is truly a hole in the wall, and I saw some people walk away from the menu looking for the traditional taco, but boy did they miss the boat!!!
If you love great food and want to be adventurous, go for it, you will never regret it.
Next time I'm in Phoenix, I will be stopping by.

This place has awesome seafood!!
The place is small and cute, with a beach theme.
They make awesome Micheladas for curing a hang over.
We had a dozen oysters, which were delish!
I had some fried shrimp and fish  and a shrimp ceviche tostada.
It was Scrumptious!!
Next time I'm in Phoenix I will be sure to visit this place.

We really enjoy the seafood here.
Our favorites are fried fish with diabla sauce (really hot!
) and fried fish with culichi sauce.
The ceviche tostada is great too!
Our sons like the fajitas.
I have recommended it to my sister and family when they travel to phoenix.
We have been coming here for years.

Best Mexican food ever.
I can't believe they aren't packed.
We have been there a couple times however I dont know if it's the location or poor advertising.
Just give it a try.

Best mex seafood in the valley.
The staff is always very welcoming and attentive.
The grilled fillet of fish and the shrimp en diablo are two of my favorites.
The meals fill you up, without leaving you feeling heavy afterwards.
The salsas are amazing as well.
This place is just a great little seafood joint.
I recommend it to everyone.

Great service and very friendly staff.
The food was good, especially the Shrimp Albondigas.

We love this restaurant!
The food is simply too wonderful to describe.
Our goal is to sample every item on the menu.
They all sound wonderful.
If you love seafood prepared with style and imagination, you should check out this place.

Best Mexican restaurant I've ever eaten at!
Next time in Phoenix will be back!
Friendly service and good prices!

This place is pretty good.
The decor was great!
The service was very good.
The food was good, but not exceptional.
We expected the prices to be much lower than they were.
Overall, it is good and we would eat there again, but we wouldn't go out of our way.

We went to this place based on the yelp reviews and it did not disappoint.
Portions are huge, but delicious.

I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place!!
I've been here so many times, you know I love my mariscos.
Playa Hermosa has never disappointed me.
There quality is very consistent and I would be soooo sad if they ever stop their business.
Let me give them 10 stars out of 5.
They are that good!
Please don't be discouraged because of the area it's in.
I know some people would never come to this part of town...they are missing out!
I love walking into the restaurant to their colorful decors.
Once you are seated, you will get a generous portion of freshly made warm tortilla chips with a red and a green salsa, no questions asked.
They don't care if you're going to order later on...here, have some chips and salsa!
They have a full bar and a TV with sports playing all the time.
Now you can have some drinks with free chips and salsa while watching a game.
Once you order, they will bring you a tostada with ceviche.
It's on the house.
Their ceviche is fresh and flavorful without being overpowered by excessive lime.
As for entrees, I would recommend.... - shrimp culichi - fish tacos - grilled shrimp - fried fish in garlic sauce - molcajete - any types of ceviche  Most dishes come with a side of beans, rice, salad, and flour/corn tortillas.
Be prepared to walk out with a full belly plus some to take home.

Located in not the nicest neighborhood of Phoenix, Mariscos Playa Hermosa seems a bit shady on the outside.
Once you get pasted the secretive tinted windows, however, it's an entirely different world.
Vibrant colors hit your eyes and vivacious music pleases your eardrums.
It really makes you feel like you're near a playa hermosa.
To start off, we were given a complimentary hard tortilla with ceviche on it.
You can taste how fresh and delectable the combination of ingredients is.
I've had plenty of ceviche in Latin American countries and theirs is on par.
The selection here is ridiculous, but in a good way.
I ended up going simple and ordering some shrimp tacos.
You get 3 tacos with rice, beans, and salad.
The tacos don't include any filler ingredients like Americans prefer.
Just straight up shrimp smothered in oozing melted cheese.
Can't get much more legit than that.
The rice, beans, and salad were all pretty typical and were a good compliment to the meal.
Thank you Marisocs Playa Hermosa for fulfilling my friend's craving for amazing legit Mexican food after being stuck in the Romney infested part of Colorado for a year.
The service is warm and friendly, decor is unexpected but awesome, and the food is as close as you can get without crossing the border.

Huge portions great food, iffy neighborhood

I selected this place based on all the great Yelp reviews, and all I can say is that I was very disappointed.
I'm fine with it being kind of a dive...my issue was with the food.
We both got ceviche apps, which were pretty good.
I had a fish filet & my BF had the dish with chicken, shrimp and beef (forget what it's called).
I found the food to be pretty salty, which I can't stand.
My fish was swimming in some kind of liquid, which totally turned me off & the salad it came with was drowned in some kind of yellow Italian dressing (Wish Bone out of the bottle?
not sure).
My BF's dish was ok at best...the beef was chewy & the shrimp & chicken were salty.
I hate to be so harsh, but I gotta call 'em as I see 'em.
Would def.
not return.

A hole-in-the-wall on Calle 16, best known for an entirely different class of south-of-the-border fare at Barrio Cafe, Mariscos Playa Hermosa does Mexican-style seafood better than anyone in the Valley.
Each meal starts with not only the customary chips and salsa, but an outstanding complimentary ceviche tostada.
Favorites include Seven Seas Soup, Camarones Culichi, and of course their ceviche, which comes in several varieties.
Most dishes come with beans and rice, but these are not the typical refried pintos and tomato-heavy rice typical of Mexican restaurants.
Lovers of scorch-your-mouth spices should try the guacamole, which is heavy on the jalapeno.
Portions are huge and service is outstanding.

We arrived in Phoenix and needed lunch before heading to Flagstaff, so we found this place on Yelp.
What a find!
It's located not far from the airport so that is really convenient.
It's small and parking is limited, but it was raining (!
) and so we were able to grab the last parking spot.
Our food was nothing short of stupendous.
They start you out with free ceviche on a mini tostado, and it is delicious.
I got the enchilada jaiba (with crab) and it was really good, with red chile sauce.
The wife got the camaron (shrimp) culichi with green chile sauce.
We each ate about half of our meal and then traded because I love green chile and she loves red chile.
I must say, I got the better of the trade!
The green chile sauce was nothing short of orgasmic; just fantastically deliciously awe-inspiringly good.
I could eat that sauce on a shoe and be happy.
The rice and beans were also excellent, way above the typical non-descript flavor, and each meal also came with a salad!
What a deal.
We were so happy that Yelpers turned us on to this place.
Whenever I am in Phoenix for whatever reason, I am heading back to this place!

I moved to the valley a few years back and I looked up seafood online.
Well it took me about 2 years to get here, but it was well worth the trip.
I now make excuses to get near this place.
I have been more than a half dozen times with different people and we always leave satisfied.
I probably shouldn't give them 5 stars as I don't want the parking lot to be completely full when I get there.

LOVE this place.
The balance of quality, quantity and cost is perfected.
This particular Mariscos location is a great date spot.
It is right off the freeway, and very close to Cityscape for a night out.
The interior is very colorful.
Every once in a while you can even catch a mariachi band playing some live music.

A-MA-ZING.
LOVED the complimentary ceviche!
we ordered the fish taco platter (5 stars) and burrito (3 stars, this is a SEAFOOD place folks).
i would come here again when i visit phx next time.
it's only 4 ish miles from the airport and there's a gas station right next to the restaurant!
we filled up our rental and drove off, stomachs full of happiness.

Excellent food and service.
Most of the menu specializes in seafood and it's great.
I highly recommend this restaurant!!
I frequent this place every time I'm in Phoenix at least once.
Last visit I made it back a second time in one week.
The staff is very friendly and attentive.
Don't let the location turn you off.
Just go in and enjoy.
Oh yeah - 22 oz.
beers on tap.

My new favorite spot.
Thanks Yelp!
We ordered the molcajete  with diablo sauce - be warned!
it really is spicy.
Not called diablo for nothing.
The flavor was still there and I love spicy, but next time I'll try the tomatillo.
Bit too painful for me.
( I ordered a horchata to try and help numb my swollen tongue) I really love the side of beans,salad and rice.
Beans are perfectly seasoned, salad is tangy and refreshing, and the rice has texture.
Not the pink puffy rice with minimal flavor that is served at so many mexican restaurants.
They also have strong margaritas and huge mugs of draft beer.
Just seeing the pictures makes me want to go there now!

This place was great with lots of food!
The shrimp tacos was great and the salsa is great!
Would recommend and would go again if I return to Phoenix!
Ignore the neighborhood the inside is great and food is worth stopping in for!

The best carne asada tacos!!

Friendly and knowledgable servers, great food, music and ambiance.
Do not be put off by the mostly fish menu, it's super fresh and you can try something new.
Good prices and great fun.

Great flavor and service.
Excellent fish dishes.
Clean and friendly.

I've tried several of their dishes.
It's ok.
I did like their cocktail de camaron but nothing special.

Three trips has not disappointed yet.
the interior atmosphere is spot on to a number of places I have been to in Central America.
The decor, the service, the atmosphere.
I have had very attentive waitresses each time.
The chips and salsas are very nice(ok one humid weekend I thought the chips were a bit stale).
One dip is a darker red salsa (smoked chillis?
)  the second one is my favorite it is green cilantro and avocado dip.
It is so good I have purchased some to take home for later (ask the waitress - even comes iwth chips).
The first two times I ordered a whole fried fish ajillo, covered in sauteed garlic, peppers and onions.
It was very authentic just as I had eaten many times down south.
The rice and beans are as expected, not fantastic not dry and tasteless like other places.
Note - I did not come for rice and beans ;-).
Once my wife ordered the Camarones Culichi Shrimps In A Green Sauce, Tomatill & Cilantro, which was excellent.
The waitress recommended it and she was right.
The sauce seems to have some cheese mixed/melted in that made it sinfully savory.
Another time I ordered tacos al pastor.
OK, I know it is a seafood shop but after the nice ceviche I was ready for some flesh.
The tacos were very good.
I liked how their al pastor was crispier than some.
Maybe a personal preference, but they were good.
Key note for me - they offer a variety of margaritas.
I prefer the upcharged one where they mix it themselve, not the premix bottled one.
(they sell both)  for me it is less sweet and has a cleaner appeal.
I am planning on going back again next week when more family come to visit.
Last note:  The neighborhood is not the greatest.
I come from a tougher city so it was no big deal to me, but some others might appreciate being warned.

If you live in Phoenix and you have never been to this place, shame on you.
You have been missing out.
My husband and I were in PHX for a short vacay and after standing in the Hertz rental car line for 40 freaking minutes, I told him we are not going to Chino Bandido but the closest Mexican restaurant we can find on Yelp with the highest ratings.
Lo' and behold, it was Mariscos Playa Hermosa!
Literally 2 miles from the airport and easy to find.
We are so glad that we were able to find the best Mexican food we've ever had while in PHX, but it was hard having this as our first meal of the trip.
Every meal after this was just not cutting it.
Therefore, we planned the last day of our trip around the fact that Mariscos Playa Hermosa closed at 8pm on Sundays.
You really can't go wrong with the menu.
The first time, I ordered Fish Enchiladas and my husband ordered the Garlic Fish platter.
Both were amazing.
Their complimentary ceviche tostada was also delicious, as well as their salsas.
The 2nd time we went, I ordered the Camarones Culichi and my husband ordered another fish dish w/ vegetables.
Both were amazing again.
However, if you go here I would highly recommend the Camarones Culichi.....just because it's not something you find  at any mexican restaurant.
It was so delicious that I licked the plate of sauce clean after eating all of the shrimp, and I don't care how uncouth that might have looked because you will probably end up doing the same.
(Now, if you cannot handle spicy foods, you may want to be very cautious.
Maybe order an Horchata drink to go with the meal, or a side of sour cream to buffer the spiciness.
)  Anyway, I don't want to hype it up too much or you might be disappointed.

Excellent place to get great seafood!
Restaurant and Food:  The restaurant is nice and cozy.
At max, there are maybe 15 tables in the entire joint.
However, don't let the size, location, and lack of flashy chain-like display fool you.
The menu has a wide array of choices from fish tacos to different styled fish plates.
I had a fish plate prepared with garlic and a lemon pepper seasoning (Pescado Ajo Mojo I think) as well as an horchata for my beverages.
The food was impeccable!
In my experience, coming across fresh seafood in Phoenix is hard.
The seafood was well prepared and fresh (no gamy-fishy taste).
Additionally, the menu has pictures of almost every dish so you can gauge your interest in a choice (Visual examples appeal to me).
Service:  Spot on along with the food!
As mentioned previously, the restaurant is not that big.
Our server was always on top of her game and frequently stopped in to check on us.
Atmosphere:  The restaurant has a bright decor that is very fun and fitting for the type of restaurant.
Not to sound cliche, but you will feel almost as if you are at mom's kitchen (I'm Hispanic and my parent's house has similar decor).
Overall, this place wowed me with the food and the service.
For the price and quality you will receive at Mariscos Playa Hermosa, I doubt you can find many places in the neighborhood that will compete with this place.
Try it and see for yourself!

This is definitely authentic Mexican seafood.
Everything was delicious!
Try the "tostada de Marlin" and "ceviche de camaron" they rock!
And trust me on this one, this review is coming from a Mexican

If you don't know, now you know.
Great ceviche and margaritas.

What a fantastic meal I had.
I've been desiring amazing Mexican restaurants in Arizona.
Since I moved here, I've been to several places that were underwhelming, at best, and generally just not good to me.
So, I'd given up on Mexican Food in AZ and I just didn't eat any.
Well, a conversation in Yelp Talk about Mexican Food inspired me to check out some different places and this one turned up in my searches on Yelp and other websites.
I'm happy to say that I was so thrilled and enjoyed my meal very much at Mariscos Playa Hermosa.
Again, another hole-in-the-wall, but still quite the find.
Mariscos is located in a pretty seedy part of town, so don't get nervous going there.
They close early, so you'd better arrive early.
You will find that there is a full bar inside this colorfully decorated resto.
Don't eat at the bar.
That things not suitable for anything except decoration as the bar itself doesn't extend out far enough to make it comfortable to sit there.
(this is a tip from a person who opted to sit at the bar)  I tasted a few items off the menu.
The shrimp in diablo sauce was my favorite.
I ordered extra diablo sauce on the side.
The sauce has a smokey taste with the heat of the peppers.
Perfect for my heat seeking taste buds.
They prepare the sauce "fresh to order".So there is a charge for $3 for the extra sauce on the side to go.
I used that sauce to make more shrimp diablo at home later that week.
I also enjoyed the camarones culichi... shrimp in green sauce.
Culichi is a tomatillio sauce made with some dairy product and cilantro and of course the poblano or tomatillio peppers.
The sauce is simply to die for.
I left there satisfied and happy!
I will return and take a friend for the Molcajete Caliente with verde sauce.
Can't wait.
I'm sure it will please.
They have a check-in offer too, so be sure to check-in.
Oh, that parking lot is TINY.
Be aware of that when you go.

AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was in Arizona for the A's spring training and yelped local places and found this place.
It was delicious!!!
It was truly the highlight of my trip!
You'd be crazy not to go and try it!!

Three of us dined here Saturday.
Their parking lot is small, the neighbor is not upscale, but it seemed ok. We all agreed the ceviche is great.
The whole grilled fish was very good as was the breaded fish fillet.
The crab enchiladas were horrible.
The sauce tasted burnt and the crab meat had a very fishy taste.
The side dishes were all the same: rice and beans and small salad.
The rice and beans were tasteless and bland.
The salad was iceberg lettuce and not much more.
We may come back for the ceviche and to try some of their other entrees.
The cost of most of the entrees is around $13-$14.
The best part of the evening was the large supermarket we discovered , just before I -10, it has a large food court, ceviche bar, Mexican bakery and all sorts of specialty items used in Mexican, Carribean, and Latino cooking.
The staff is friendly, the place is well organized, clean,and it was a  fun place to browse and shop.

We started with shrimp cocktails, Modelo negro draft and Michelada.
Cocktail was perfect and they provided plenty of limes, hot sauce, ketchup and crackers.
Lastly we shared their Molcajete with a very savory tomatillo sauce surrounded with grilled fish, shrimp, chicken and beef.
Lets not forget the sides of white rice, beans and salad.
We will be back.
The price was not bad either.

I really like this place.
Nice setting.
Good service.
Especially like the fish tacos, and Crab Tostada.

Oh my goodness, this place was absolutely delish!
The fish came succulent yet fried crisp on the outside... A very hard task indeed!
And the poblano sauce was phenomenal over the top.
The shrimp was great.
It's on the lighter side if you have a smaller appetite compared to the dishes ur still generous.
The seasoning is on the saltier end of the spectrum but it tasted perfect to me for this kind of cuisine.
Mmmmmm!
My only regret is not having a place like this in NYC.

Very Good Family owned Sinaloan Style Mexican SEAFOOD Restaurant that's open everyday for lunch and dinner.
Prices are reasonable I'd say the average plate price runs about $13.00.
Most of the menu is seafood so plan on having seafood if you come here.
I've been here several times over the years and I'd say most of the time but not always they start you off with a complimentary mini fish tostada that delicious with your chips and salsas.
I can vouch for the Fish Veracruzana and the Fish Poblano plates because I had them before and the fish was light ,fresh tasting and flaky.
The sauce and toppings  is really what made these dishes good to me.
They come with your usual rice and beans and tortillas.
They have many choices in this kind of dish.
Last time I was here the place was packed and we were the only table in the place that didn't order the Molcajete so I wanted to order it this time.
The Molcajete is a boiling hot caldron filled with your choice of Diablo Hot Chipotle sauce or Tomatillo Sauce.
The menu that we had reads Fish, Shrimp, and Beef.
But what we received was Battered Fish, Shrimp, Beef, Chicken and Octopus.
The Diablo sauce is very hot and spicy but also very tasty and I found myself adding it everything I ate.
Over all I thought it was good and fun to share.
It cost $22.00 and feeds at least two people.
It also comes with rice , beans and tortillas.
If you get the Molcajete you should eat the shrimp first because they get over cooked just sitting on the hot Molcajete as ours did.
I'm not a beef person but I thought the beef came out prepared the best in this dish.
I do note you should view the photo of the building so you know what the outside looks like before you give this place a try.

This is my absolute favorite favorite place now!!
Everything we've had has been great but our go to dish is the Molcajete Caliente and I will probably never steer away from it.
The sauce?
BOMB.
The tortillas?
BOMB.
The octopus?
BOMB.

A fun place to eat!
We had so much fun dining her on a Friday night.
Live Marachi music, friendly staff and great seafood.
The Pulpo with Ranchero sauce is a killer.
The seafood cocktail is a Soup of wonderful ingredients.
Definitely worth a rerun!

Have you ever experienced molcajete?
HAVE YOU?!
This is THE place to have that experience.
I say "experience" because molcajete is more like a witch's bubbling brew than a meal.
Mariscos is a cozy little restaurant in an area a lot of people won't flock to, but it stays busy.
All the good stuff applies here... friendly service, great food, Mexican beers, Mariachis (on Fridays, I believe).
It's just a great place.
And, now that the formalities are out of the way, I can talk about the molcajete.
Molcajete is actually the name of the stone bowl that is used more traditionally as a mortar for salsas and such.
As a dish though, it's a beautiful mixture of spicy/tangy sauce, grilled meats, grilled veggies, and cheese.
It's one of my favorite Mexican dishes, period.
Mariscos serves theirs with tons of fixins (beans, tortillas, salsas, etc.
) that could probably fill two people up on their own, but their generous serving is much appreciated when ordering this dish for a small group.
It's definitely one of those meals that'll impress people when it gets served.
Order one for the table, and you're going to have a good time.
I could spout on all day about molcajete...
But, would ya look at that, I have a decent size review already, and I haven't even talked about the restaurant's specialty, seafood.
Well, I'll let you read some other reviews for that.
I'll just say that I love their tostadas de ceviche de camaron!
Go to Mariscos Playa Hermosa, and enjoy!

Great small and authentic place!
Yeah, as others have said, maybe not the "best" neighborhood, but we had no issues.
The place is small, so plan to wait if you come in the busy time.
QUALITY food for sure and mainly seafood based but thankfully for me they have non-seafood items for folks like me who don't care for seafood.
Everyone at the table loved what we got and would certainly come back again!

LOCATION:  This restaurant is indeed in a part of Phoenix  (south of I-10) known to be a "bad" neighborhood.
This is no easy badge to earn, because, unlike most other cities, there aren't good neighborhood separated from bad ones:  Phoenix is one of the few cities I've ever been to, where you can have a million dollar home and two doors down from it is a crack house.
Bizarre, but true.
Having said that, I personally would not want to come here when the sun is down, but when we arrived at 6pm, it was quiet and I didn't feel uneasy about the surroundings.
PARKING LOT:  The entrance to the restaurant is off of Garfield and not 16th Street, which you'll be taking to get here.
This is important, because you'd think it would have an entrance to the parking lot from the main road; it doesn't.
The parking lot, like the restaurant, is small and they share it with a barber shop, which threatens to tow if you park in their spots.
Obviously, this is no problem after they close; but during business hours, I imagine it can be hard to find spots which "belong" to the restaurant.
THE RESTAURANT:  And, like the parking lot, the restaurant is small inside.
There aren't a lot of tables, so it wouldn't take much to fill up the place.
The decor is typical "Mexican":  lots of colors, nature motifs, sombreros, etc.
It may be jarring for some conservative Anglo types, but they more than likely wouldn't come here anyway.
The pinks, blues, greens, yellows and other colors so typical of the Mexican Pacific seem to blend nicely and don't seem garrish at all.
Now, as I said, the place is small.
So, for example, someone sitting at the table behind me actually had to pass next to my table to get to their seat.
Not a big deal and she politely excused herself twice.
This might be unacceptable in a 3 or 4 star restaurant or even something simply "formal".
But the atmosphere in this place is far from formal.
It's friendly, loud, noisy and familiar.
If you don't like people and if you're uptight about someone walking past you while you're eating, you won't like this place.
If you're there to enjoy the food, have a good time with friends, or don't mind a lively atmosphere, you'll do fine here.
That being said, I believe, I read somewhere that they have live Mariachi music on Fridays.
I'm not a fan of the genre, but even if I were, as small as that place is, I have a strong feeling it would be very LOUD while the music was being performed.
There are two TVs in the place, which, typical for this kind of venue, were playing soccer.
They were not loud and did not intrude on personal conversations.
The place also seems to have a full bar and a number of beer specials.
THE FOOD:  Being older and having to bring in my reading glasses, one of the things I very much appreciated about the menu was each item being listed in Spanish and English, with Spanish written in blue and English in yellow ink.
This made it much easier to separate the two and quickly see what was what.
I ordered a fish combo which was supposed to come with octopus and shrimp and with a creamy mushroom sauce.
It was not a "combo" in the sense that most Americans would be used to.
I expected there to be some fish filet, some shrimp and some octopus.
What came was a fish filet covered in mushroom sauce with some shrimp and very tiny pieces of octopus mixed in.
My companion had a less expensive fish filet with garlic sauce.
Outside of the different price and the cream sauce, they looked exactly the same.
Nevertheless, while this might sound negative, I was not at all disappointed with my plate.
My companion thought his fish greasy; I think it was the garlic sauce.
My fish was not at all greasy and tasted wonderful.
The food was served hot, but not so hot as to burn you.
The rice served with the fish was plain and nothing exciting; and yet, it complimented the fish perfectly.
The portions look huge and they are; but I didn't feel stuffed when I was done; just contented.
It was just the right amount of food.
I had oysters as an appetizer.
If you like oysters, they were good with the lime juice I squeezed on them.
If you don't, well, then it doesn't matter, does it?
The ceviche was okay; a lot of reviewers made a big deal about them in their reviews.
There was nothing bad about them; just nothing special.
Overall, we were both VERY happy with the food, the portion size, the temperature they were served at, and the taste ... and my partner usually complains about everything!
So this is a BIG endorsement!
THE SERVICE:  *sigh* ... Not everything can be perfect and this was the pebble amidst the pearls in the evening.
The service staff is friendly.
But the place is too small, has too many people  (on a Thursday night, no less ... can you imagine it on a Friday?!?
); and not enough servers to be as attentive as they have to be.
Food and drinks were served promptly.
But when it came time to pay, I had to track them down.

Hands down the best mariscos(seafood) EVER!
I love the shrimp ceviche and when I am in the mood for a hot plate the Shrimp Culichi is the best choice, shrimp soaked in some delicious green salsa and smothered with oaxaca cheese, YUMMY!
The Micheladas and the margaritas are excellent and well priced.
They have Mariachis every friday night from 7p to 9p, if you want the trip to Mexico feel, this is your place!

The best mariscos in Phoenix!
Molcajete best dish to share!

Back for more and this place consistently serves wonderful Baja Mexican Seafood at a great price.
Love it.
Bonus free cake with my Yelp Check-in offer.
Sweet!

Best Mariscos I have ever had in Arizona.
everything was so fresh and delicious.
I had all cold Mariscos, which included: shrimp, callos de scallops, and oysters.
wife had fried fish which she loved.
service was great.
I will definitely keep coming back here every day I am in mood for Mariscos.

Growing up in Phoenix I've tried a wide variety of Mexican restaurants.
Finally a friend introduced me to Mariscos Hermosa and I fell in LOVE.
Be forewarned, the location doesn't look very appealing from the outside.
It isn't in the best of neighborhoods but don't let that fool you, this place is amazing!
Inside it's very charming, Mexican sea life decor, the tables are very colorful and all look different.
Soccer games are usually played on the televisions, it would be a good spot to come to watch your favorite team over some margaritas or delicious horchatas!
Their ceviche de pescado and camaron is my favorite dish.
I'm a big seafood lover and this place knows how to do it right.
If you're into oysters I also suggest ordering that to start.
So good!
Chips and salsa are given upon seating and their salsa verde is a bit spicy but so delicious.
I wish I had a jar of it at home.
Great horchata and cheap Negra Modelos!
The staff has always been great and very friendly.
This place is a hidden gem.

I was kinda disappointed after reading all the great yelping on this restaurant.
We were in two weeks ago on a Sunday.
The inside is nice with a comfortable ambiance.
I ordered the Camarones al Mojo de ajo...sad to say, nothing special nor did a I get that great garlicy flavor.
If anything there was mostly bell pepper as filler, I didn't dam order fajita style so what's with so much bell pepper and onion???
Rice and beans were good, but just a doppling of both, really??!!
I also ordered the shrimp ceviche as an appetizer, again it was just meh.
Nothing really stood out, other than the limey juice and again, it was more of pico de gallo all mixed in that was another filler.
Maybe it was just an off day, but nothing special.
I still love San Carlos Bay on McDowell Road.
I have been going there since the early 90's and the have the best tasting seafood dishes.
Only down side is that they are cash only.
My daughter ordered a shrimp cocktail, hoping it would taste similar to those in Rocky Point, she told me that it was nothing special.
My niece ordered chicken enchiladas and nothing seafood, but said they were the best enchiladas she's had.
Go figure!

I thought that the Ceviche was amazing, so fresh and delightful!
I also loved the beans!
Excellent quality and so so fresh!

I'm not a huge seafood fan, but I'm sure if you are - this is the place to go!
Their non-seafood fare is also amazing.
Their salsas are to die for - especially the green cilantro avocado.
And their beans are divine.
Great beef & chicken, & yummy veggies.

Fish tacos were perfect.
Crispy.
Flavorful.
Excellent salsa.
Didn't like the margaritas otr.
Had an odd taste.
Service was slow and didn't get guacamole after 2 requests.
But the topper was the outrageously loud mariachi band, amped up to really kill your ear drums.

I've tried every Marisco spot in phoenix and this place is on another level.
Great staff , amazing food and good tres leches cake.
Food always Is fresh and the appetizers are out of this world good.
I ate here 2 times in one week when I first found out about it.

Our visit to Mariscos made us feel like we were on vacation in Mexico.
The salsas (rojas and verde) and chips that we were greeted with were tasty, as was the ceviche.
We started with the Mexican Shrimp Cocktail (we each had one), very nice with lots of shrimp and avocado.
I had the green cheese enchiladas - LOTS of cheese and sour cream - yum!
My husband had the octopus rancheros - he proclaimed it delicious.
Both were served with rice, lettuce salad, and beans.
The beans were much better than the usual.
We were too full for dessert, should have shared the shrimp cocktail.
House red wine was good and prices were reasonable.
It's a long drive for us since we are near Pinnacle Peak, but we will be back.

The moment I entered this place it's like I'm in a giant playroom.
The place is very bright and colorful.
I wouldn't be surprised if Dora or the whole Sesame Street Gang suddenly showed up.
We ordered the Molcajete and fish ceviche.
The Molcajete ($22) is the bomb!
It's this delicious dish that has beef, chicken, shrimp, and fish lined up around on what seems like the Wicked Witch's cauldron filled with tomatillo sauce.
It's enough for two people.
You'd know its one of their popular dishes because all the other tables have it.
One group of people even ordered three!
It's like we were part of a Mexican witch convention.
It was pretty amusing.
My husband got the $4 draft beer which he later regretted because there's this promo girl who gave out some freebies including a bottle of Budweiser beer for each of us.
I'm not sure if they do that all the time.
I guess we're just lucky.
We went on a Friday night so we got a live background music from their Mariachi band.
Overall, we loved it!
Can't go wrong with Mexican seafood.
We'll definitely be back.
Trivia: Apparently, the Molcajete is the traditional Mexican version of mortar and pestle.
Thanks Wikipedia!

The most amazing fish.
I take all my colleagues in from out of town.
Moriscos is an amazing "hole in the wall" secret.
The fish smothered with plablano pepper is my favorite.
An absolute winner.

This relatively small 12-table restaurant packs a nice mexican punch.
The decor is a mexican coastal theme with a small bar and impressive wine selection.
They have around 5 draft beers of standard mexican brews (Tecate, Dos, Corona, etc.).
To start the meal I ordered a $4.00 24 oz draft and the waitress brought out complementary (homemade) chips with two types of tasty salsa.
A gratis talapia ceviche tostata (also pictured) followed, which was impressive.
I had an excellent shredded beef taco and carne asada enchaladas with red sauce (photo posted).
The carne had a great grilled flavor that came through the bold taste of the red sauce.
The salad was fresh and the rice contained lima beans, carrots, peas and corn - not your uninspired rice you typically get.
My waitress was helpful and attentive, the remaining staff was busy cleaning and organizing - a sign of a well run business.
The deserts looked great (coconut cake, a chocolate cake and a stawberry merange pie looking thing) but was too full to partake.
It's close to the airport so I hit this after my business trip.
Same experience!
I'll return here when in Phonix again.

After the fish tacos here, I feel like I haven't had them anywhere else.
So good.
The ceviche tostada and crab enchiladas--packed with crabmeat--were absolutely delicious.
The ambience was bright, draft beer was deep, and service perfect.
The owner even comped us tostadas.
This place deserves another star!

So my coworker and I had a business trip to Chandler, AZ and I had told him about my last two experiences eating seafood in the desert.
Fish tacos that looked and tasted like nasty dried chunks of leather.
You figure AZ shares a border with Mexico so they must share some learnings but it was nothing like the awesome fish tacos you get in San Diego.
Need to avoid seafood in AZ.
We randomly drove by this place and decided, ok that looks interesting.
Surprised me when I found it was another seafood joint.
MMmm ok we're here and too hungry to look for another place.
So I ordered the crab enchilada plate and it was actually pretty good.
Real crab meat stuffed enchiladas with rice and beans on the side.
The shrimp ceviche tostada appetizer was also pretty good as well.
The exterior looks a bit sketchy but the interior decor was cute with a fishy motif straight out of the Bahamas.
All in all a nice place for lunch.

Raised in Arizona, I have spent the last 13 years in Michigan, where salsa often consists of ketchup with cut tomato in it.
I craved fresh chips and salsa, and I am in heaven.
I ordered the Cameron Ranchero, and it was excellent.
A great place to get reacquainted with good Mexican food!

Molcajete WHOA.
This place is really fun and delicious!
It does get pretty loud when the mariachi band comes in on Friday nights, so beware.
The décor is bright and vibrant, and I'd say the usual vibe of the restaurant matches how it looks.
This restaurant is so good that it draws a diverse crowd.
I've been here a few times and can never get away from the molcajete.
I've tried both the red and the green and I think I prefer the red, although both are absolutely delicious.
It's definitely enough to share unless your dining companion is a troll.
The molcajete is served with chicken, beef (carne asada), and fish.
There is usually some seafood swimming around in the molcajete "stew" as well.
It comes with tortillas on the side and you can make delicious fish/chicken/beef/molcajete tacos!
The area of town is a bit sketchy.
I've been approached by homeless people for cash when I'm leaving the restaurant.
I'm not put off by that but I know some people aren't into that.

I was excited to try this place based on all the positive reviews.
I thought this Mexican seafood restaurant would bring me back to my favorite seafood restaurant in Playa del Carmen.
Unfortunately, this is just bad seafood, not matter the type.
I ordered the seafood ceviche and it was not fresh at all.
Several of the seafood items  were soft from spoilage (as opposed to tender) and smelled fishy.
I decided to stop after a few bites because I didn't want risk getting sick since I was about to get on a plane.
I may have been fine finishing the dish but I didn't see the need to play seafood roulette.

Great place!
Excellent service..was in town visiting family and decided to get a bite to eat ..very happy with my choice!
Had tostada de ceviche and tacos... definitely coming back.

Everything was DELICIOUS!
We're from out of town and found this little gem through Yelp.
They give you complimentary chips and salsa and ceviche and tostada with your entree order.
Service was great as well, very attentive and accommodating.
Great restaurant!
Highly recommend!

Decor is amazing in this hidden joint!
My review is based only on 3 tacos and the nachos... Chicken taco, fish taco and barbacoa taco.
All were very good and the nachos with green chile avocado salsa is absolutely delicious!!!
Our waiter had to keep refilling our bowl - it was that good.
I will be back to try the seafood at this little gem especially the volcano (I think that was the name) which was sizzling next to us.
It entailed fish, shrimp and steak - mmmmmm!

Went once with my GF and have been back 3 times since!
I always get the whole fish plate its sooo good.
I really like the mincheladas also.
mmmmm.

One of my favorite place when it comes to seafood.
I have tried many things on the menu but I have to say my all time favorite are the fish tacos!
I have tried the aguachile and it is good I personally would of liked it more spicy and some more avocado which traditionally comes with.
The micheladas are     Pretty darn good.
If your up for trying something outside the box try the camarones culichi.

Hidden Gem..
Scary Exterior (especially IF you aren't from the area).
So we found this place on Yelp.. drove around a few times and then when we found it, we couldn't believe this place was actually where we were thinking about having dinner.
The area is less than inviting and at night it feels destitute.
We decide to take a chance and the interior is warm and bright.
Patrons are enjoying themselves and we are greeted with big smiles by the waitress.
We were seated and served this pretty tasty ceviche tosta on the house.
We also ordered a separate order of ceviche, that wasn't as good and took forever to come out.
But skipping on to the entrees, people were pleasantly surprised.. ranging from my vegan co-worker to my meat head only co-worker.
I had the fish in red sauce with rice and beans which was awesome.
My vegan friend had the enchiladas with green sauce which was also tasty.
I did hear the drinks were not that tasty.. so be wary of the margaritas.
Good food, reasonable price.
I'd give it a 2nd go.

Micheladas with Dos X on tap with a dozen oysters on the side?
GAME OVER!
This place is the best of the best when it comes up to mariscos.

Really enjoyed the fish dish I ordered.
I would definitely come again.
I want to try their shrimp cocktails, I spoke to the waiter and he assured me that they don't put ketchup in their cocktails.
That to me is a sign of good taste.
The waiter also gave me a free ceviche tostada to try.
I also received a free slice of cake compliments of yelp.
The taste was fantastic so far.

Once upon a time, a guy selling Mexican food out of his van at my workplace sold me on the perfection of ceviche on my palate.
Ever since changing jobs, I've search wide and far for the same perfect mixture of tomatoes, cilantro, lime and shrimp to no avail.
Besides stalking the Mexican food van at my old job, I think this restaurant has come the closest to that perfection I first tasted in ceviche.
Besides their great selection of seafood (I haven't order a bad dish yet), their margarita is one of the best.

I walked here from the Sheraton after dark - don't do this!
Once inside - I was in an oasis of great food and margerhitas.
The atmosphere is festive with a colorful fish motif like I've experienced in Mexico.
The tortilla chips were fresh made as we're the tortillas that came with my meal.
A complimentary ceviche was provided.
I had the fish filet with shrimp and octopus in mushroom sauce.
The plate was huge with sides of salad, rice, and beans.
The food was delicious.
I was alone so my review can only consider one visit and one dish - but, I've been trying to minimize calories yet cleaned the plate.
Another great seafood dinner in Phoenix - who'd have thunk it.
Mission accomplished.

After always going to Bahia San Carlos for 20+ years, we thought we should try a new place and, coincidentally, saw Check Please featuring Mariscos Playa Hermosa.
My late parents were born in Mexico and I live next to the border for half my 65 years.
I also traveled on business to Baja often so I feel my comments have some basis in experience with Mexican food and Mexican seafood in particular.
I have to say I was disappointed.
With the exception of the ceviche (best in town) and the guacamole the  meal was poorly prepared.
I had the camaron  al mojo de ajo and my wife had the similar camaron y pulpo mojo de ajo.
The small place was jammed though that is no excuse for the shrimp being overcooked to the point of being able to pass for shrimp jerky.
The pulpo was fine.
My mother always added peas to the rice but here there were also lima beans.
Huh?
The so-called flan was more like a wet, sweet cornbread in consistency rather than custard like.
When I told the server it was "weird", she said it was probably overcooked.
Then why serve it?
Wanted to like the place but it is back to Bahia for me.

This place is INCREDIBLE!
I stumbled upon this restaurant through Yelp and it's raving reviews - well everything the hundreds have said before me is true...you MUST try this place out!

All the Mexican seafood favorites - shrimp cocktail, ceviche, fish tacos, etc...
The shrimp in hot red sauce are fantastic!
All around good stuff.
Good selection of Mexican beers as well.
I went for the 24 ounce Modelo.
Reasonably priced as well.

Went here instead of our usual San Carlos Mariscos on 18th st and McDowell because of the reviews.
This place is more dressed up (despite outward appearances) but it's also more expensive for the same quality food.
We got the shrimp culichi and the shrimp veracruzano and both were solid but at almost $15/meal we definitely expected more than 6 shrimp.
We wouldn't deter people from going here but I would suggest San Carlos instead if asked.

Expected a lot with all the hype.
Was good, but probably won't go back.
Parking very limited.
Margaritas all ice!
Food was tasty but not anything that made us say wow.
Good service and friendly staff.

Food was good,Oysters were small and a little understaffed when we went this past January (2014).
The restaurant is not in the best part of town but has a lovely ambiance, I would definitely go back and try some of their other dishes!

The ceviche is the best I've tried in phoenix.
Draft Mexican beer selection is great.
Fair pricing on drinks and food.
Have not tried anything here that's disappointed.

I'm not from here and was looking or some authentic Mexican food.
I found this place while driving on the highway after picking up family up from airport.
Based on the reviews (4+ stars), I thought it would be a good place to eat on the fly.
I should have been leery when the restaurant was empty at lunch time (12:30).
The set up was very nice with indoor and outside seating.
Service was slow.
It took a while for everything (order, drinks, appetizers, check) despite there being few diners.
Margarita was weak.
Fajitas didn't sizzle.
My family thought that the food lacked flavor (added lots of extra hot sauce ) but I thought it was OK (only added a little hot sauce).
Next time I'll pull over and spend a little more time researching so I don't end up at a place like this again.

This is my second visit to this location.
The first time I did not bother with a review however, I must speak up.
This place is delicious.
My girlfriend and I stopped in for a quick, light bite in between programs.
I had the shrimp cocktail with avocado and she enjoyed a fish tostada.
Both were delicious and quite filling.
The service was timely and our server was friendly and attentive.
Great food, great service you can't beat that.

Mariscos Playa Hermosa is kind of in the, shall we say, less savory area of town, but don't let that deter you from trying it out!
The outside pretty much looks like a crummy box but the inside is super colorful and lavishly decorated.
I wasn't sure what to expect but the food sufficiently impressed me.
You get two salsas with a basket of chips--both of which are super delicious.
The avocado salsa was tasty and not super watered-down like at some places.
The red one, which is semi-spicy, is very tasty.
I don't even know how to describe it.
It was just so.... TASTY.
We received some salmon (I think?
) ceviche on a crispy tortilla with our meals.
Very yummy and the veggies in it tasted fresh.
I ordered the enchiladas de jaiba and the others ordered fish tacos.
Both were good although I think I liked the fish tacos better than my enchiladas.
I thought the fish was really good and light.
I noticed the rice seemed to be made with those frozen mixed veggies you get at the supermarket, which I thought was kind of funny, but it still tasted good so I guess it didn't matter.
Service was very prompt even though the server wasn't particularly engaging.
I actually prefer my service to be this way, so if you prefer a waiter/waitress that likes to make conversation, then maybe this isn't the place for you.
Interior of the restaurant looked relatively clean.
I definitely recommend Mariscos Playa Hermosa.
Don't be scared of the rundown appearance of the area!
I cannot speak on the authenticity of the food but at least it was yummy.

I really wanted to love it, but couldn't.
The food was good, but it didn't pop.
I had the garlic shrimp which had some nice flavor, but it wasn't unique and it didn't speak to me.
The guacamole was good.
The shrimp in garlic sauce was pretty good.
Service was solid.
I might need to come back because the menu was extensive and it could only take one or two excellent items to change my mind on the place.

I have never taken the time to write a review until now.
I consider myself a strong critic of Mexican food, because I'm from California, and have eaten at many authentic "hole in the walls" This place is truly a hidden gem!
My family and I had several dishes including the whole red snapper, shrimp culuchi I and carne asada all where excellent.
This will surely be a stop of mine every time I visit Phoenix.

Stopped by after being let out early from a training class (I live in Tucson), based on yelp reviews.
I have to agree with most of the posters.
The place is small and practically hidden away, but it's clean and the staff is attentive.
I ordered the shrimp fantasia which is bacon wrapped shrimp.
I am not a fan of cheese on top, only because my doctor will probably have it out with me due to bacon alone, so I simply wiped it off.
I must say, it was really good.
Nice sized shrimp, appropriate amounts of filling and well cooked bacon.
The rice and beans were typical, but I came here for the seafood and didn't leave disappointed.

First and foremost they have great staff the waiter was quick friendly and attentive and was supported by hands down the bussing team I've ever seen!
We were in a rush for a show across at the improv and they were so swift we ended with time for desert.
Unfortunately the food was average.
We eat a lot of Mexican food and cook a lot of it at home and we do a better job!
We both went with soft tacos and they were just ok!
A bit more imagination in the kitchen and this could be a great place it certainly has the front of house to make it!

Good place.
Ceviche was okay..
The last time I had ceviche was at senior frog ..
This did not come upto those levels.. Passable in any case..
The whole fish dish was  good...

Cannot love this place more.
It does not look nice outside but the inside is amazing.
A full Mexican experience.
We had two fishes.
One is whole fish and one is fish with salsa topped.
Both are good!
If you like crispy, the whole fish is what you want; if you like spicy, the salsa one is your choice!Just the service needs to be better, we wait for 15m to get water and drinks.
A great place the hang out with friends.
Also, the chips are bomb!
They are served warm!!
I love this place!
Besides, it is near the ranch market.
If you want to buy some grocery after a lunch or dinner, go there!

The service was great, the food was just as good.
I just came in from Buffalo, NY and it's been awhile since I've had good Mexican food.
the carñe asada burrito nd ceiveche tostada hit the spot.

Typical "hole in the wall" mexican restaurant.
Usually packed during lunch/dinner hours.
The food is delicious!
If you love seafood and mexican food, this is a great place.
Their ceviche is fantastic and entrees Are great too.
Large selection of drinks including margaritas.
If you don't mind waiting, this is a great find.

Not sure why so many people wrote that this is in a sketchy neighborhood unless they have never been outside of the suburbs.
Just because a neighborhood is not all white does not mean it's bad.
This great place is on a main road across from a church and near a senior apartment complex and a hospital.
Seriously folks.
Let's not be so judgy.
Also, it is not crappy from the outside.
In fact it is brightly painted, inviting, and has a patio with lights strung over it.
Inside is decorated just as beautifully, with colorful paintings, lush greenery, and cozy tables.
We happened to stop by on a Friday night and were entertained by a mariachi band.
It did mean that it was a little loud at times, but everyone in the restaurant seemed to be having a great time.
It was family oriented--several groups with kids--as well as couples on date nights.
The food was excellent.
Shrimp ceviche -- incredible.
The waitress recommended molcajete caliente (cheesy hotpot with fish, shrimp, chicken, carne asada, and octopus).
It came with beans, rice, tortillas, and a little salad.
Yum yum.
Chips were a little greasier than we would like but were free and came with two good salsas.
If we lived in Phoenix, we would be regulars!

Although I'm from the midwest, I consider myself well traveled.
This was the best Mexican I've ever had.
You know you are off to a good start when the salsa is amazing.
They gave a complementary salmon ceviche as well to start.
I ordered the fish with two sauces, half cilantro sauce the other half chipotle sauce.
Huge portion.
The fish was fried and cooked to perfection.
With my one night in Phoenix I'm so happy I went here.

We ordered shrimp in green sauce and chicken flautas.
Both the shrimp and chicken were overcooked.
The sides were average- nothing too special.
What gives this place 3 stars was the fish I tasted from a friend's plate.
It was half green sauce and half red sauce...and amazing.
I'd return just for that fish.
The restaurant has a fun atmosphere and is very colorful.
Service was also fairly good as we with a huge group.

How had I not been here before?!?!
This place is close to my house, yet I never noticed it.
I went here with the International Supper Club and was surprised at what a nice place this was.
The ladies who work here were wonderful and accommodating to our ever growing party (uhh 2 more chairs please?
) and managed to get most (not all) of the food out at around the same time for over 20 people... pretty good stuff.
I went out on a limb, not being a fish person, and ordered the fish fillet divorciados and my risk came with great reward... this was delicious!
It was a lightly fried fish fillet (that was HUGE) covered in half red sauce and half green.
The red sauce was fairly good, but the green sauce was amazing... spicy, yet fresh tasting.
The fish was so flaky and perfectly cooked.... it wasn't fishy at all.
The plate was so huge, I shared with two other people and was still stuffed.
As good as my dish was, the other couple dishes I tried weren't as delicious.
I tried the fish tacos, which were very weird...like mini quesadillas with little bits of fish inside and they tasted very fishy....not my cup of tea.
The al pastor tacos were alright, but nothing special.
I think the key to this restaurant is to get the seafood (duhhhh).
We also got to try several of their cakes which were all alright, but none were amazing.
The coconut cake was my favorite.
Anyway, I would definitely come here again!

I have forever been put off from trying mexican seafood.
I am not sure why really.
Just something always tells me, don't risk it, you are too young!
So i finally did not listen to my gut feeling and I am glad i didn't.
We got their special stone bowl with mocalate...I am 100% i spelled that wrong, there was different meat in it and it was delicious....
I am actually drooling thinking of this dish again.
Yes I will be back and I might just order that again, because it was so good.
(i am sure there other items are good too).
I would pass on desserts though.

Love this place it's my favorite Mexican seafood place in Phoenix Hands down the best!
Micheladas are the bomb.com and their food is just amazing.
Service is always friendly and very attentive.

My first International Supper Club!
I think we overwhelmed the kitchen - everything was just a bit off.
Granted - it's not a huge restaurant - and I think having a group of 20 something people arrive and order at once would throw any small, independent restaurant off.
Service was as friendly as could be - but it is difficult for 2 servers to handle 20 hungry and thirsty patrons.
Arrival of dinners was poorly spaced - by the time the last person got her plate, the first people were done.
Sides and tortillas came very late.
The food itself was somewhere between decent and good.
I have no complaints, but wasn't really wowed by anything I tried.
I can see the diamond in the rough quality here - and I have friends that love it - so I will be back with just a small group (4 tops) to see what a "normal" dinner is like.

Two words:  Molcajete Caliente  Enough said.

This was the best hidden spot ever!!
Food was amazing and the service was the same!!

Mariscos Playa Hermosa was picked for May's International Supper Club UYE and we had a big turnout expected 14 but had around 26 to 30 and I have to say management & servers didn't blink an eye when I kept asking for another chair please.
Excellent customer service!
The parking lot is very very small, maybe can park 8 to 12 cars, but there is plenty of parking on the street, so that what I did, once inside the place is very colorful and inviting.
I ordered the 3 carne asada tacos with beans and rice.
They were great street tacos perfect for what I was craving.
The beans and rice were ok, over all it was a good dish and with tax included came in under 10 bucks!
That's a great deal for dinner!
After everyone was done eating they brought us out 5 different types of cakes/dessert to try, chocolate cake, tres leches cake, coconut cake, cheese cake & flan.
I'm a chocolate lovin fool and the chocolate cake was perfect, it was sweet, rich and full of chocolaty goodness, but my favorite I have to say was the Tres Leches Cake, that stuff was amazing!
Also the coconut cake was great too!
I defiantly will be coming back to try a few other of their dishes for sure!

the food was delicious!!!
drove all the way from casa grande just to eat here!!
service was great !!!
our waitress was prompt and met all our food needs !!
will definitely come back !!

The foods so good all the employees are in the back eating !
At least it seemed that way since  our waitress was in the back getting her grub on the entire time.
We orders oysters and ceviche.
The oysters were warm and not properly cleaned, the ceviche had no fish or shrimp and wasn't marinated in lime.
We had to ask for crackers and cocktail sauce for the oysters multiple times , the first time the waitress brought us cocktail sauce there wasn't any left so she just poured us what was left , (about a tablespoon ).
What was even more disappointing is the manager was there and wasn't working very hard either .
Truly disappointed in terrible service and mediocre food.

I love this place.
It gets pretty busy so be prepared to wait if so since it is small but we have been there at least 5 times in the past 2 yrs and have had a great experience every time.
I love love their ceviche very flavorful.
Everythong we have tasted has been good.

