Ask for Mark for tow hitch installs!
He was very courteous, knowledgeable and helpful.
Knew a lot about the special needs for the Nissan Murano.
Dropped off for the installation and they called when it was completed.
Mark even made sure he meet with me to explain everything before I left.
I would definitely recommend.
Only reason I would not give 5 stars was because when I was in the store it took them awhile to acknowledged that I was standing there waiting.
But Mark was awesome.

What a great experience!
We've been in need of a storage unit and after careful research (done by my husband), Uhaul was the winner.
Not only did their pricing coming in lower than other storage units, but the customer service is where they really stand out.
When we arrived to put our items in the unit, the owner happily welcomed us and escorted us to our unit.
He then proceeded to ask us if we needed any help.
We didn't need help, but when we returned to our car after dropping off a loan, we found two bottles of water waiting for us.
It was a refreshing treat on the triple digit day.
The units are very clean and secure.
I will probably write another update after we have rented here for awhile, but the rental process was a breeze!

Had a hitch installed on my Subaru.
Paid in advance and made an appointment time for 7am weeks in advance, and confirmed by employees.
Was specifically told it would take no longer than an hour, but having an got and a half availability would be safe just in case.
Three hours later I still don't have my vehicle back and it didn't look like that'll happen anytime soon.
No recognition from staff that this is an issue.
I was told "ten more minutes" 45 minutes ago and they are still soldering wires.....
This is a 45 minute job to do!
Not a good sign that they know what they're doing, and they certainly don't care about service expectations.
Poor job, UHAUL.
Don't use this location.

Regarding UHaul's "Family of Companies," poor customer service, illegal policies, rudeness, and inability to understand the definition of words used on their own contacts:  I ordered a U-Box from UHaul and picked it up (and returned it for shipping) on 6/12.
As per their confirmation email to me, it was GUARANTEED to arrive at it's final destination 6/22.
It did not arrive until 6/26.
I was informed by a local UBox representative that it would be no problem to get the UBox sent to a slightly more convenient location.
I kept in touch with her for several days and she then told me she had tried to speak to the shipping department.The shipping department had told her there was no way to change the destination without calling the (undisclosed to me) third party shipping company.
Then they told her they couldn't do that as they didn't have a working telephone number for the shipping company!!!!
Every call I have made to UHaul, be it a specific location, regional office, or corporate headquarters has been handed off when I ask about getting a partial refund.
Every person directs me to call another office.
When I was finally able to get in touch with the originating Madison, WI office, the person I spoke with (supposedly the shipping manager- Brandon Fiddler) was incredibly rude to me as said flat out "I see it was shipped late.
That's how it goes.
I'm not giving you anything.
" I called corporate, after speaking to this man, I was told that I apparently threatened legal action so they won't speak to me any longer and have closed my case?
Seeing as how I never threatened legal action, I find this preposterous, and I challenge them to produce the recording I did so in, since they record all phone conversations.
UHaul has taken moving, an already stressful experience, and made it completely miserable.
I have spent more than 7 hours on the phone with them, and can't get any resolution at all, and generally, receive nothing but insolence.
They love to tell you that you have to contact the originating office or the receiving office or corporate or that the people you need to speak to are all away at the moment and have wildly unpredictable hours.
In addition to all of this, I had initially rented a trailer as well, and had a hitch installed on my car.
The day comes to go get my trailer and they (surprise) don't have it.
They make me drive out to the middle of friggin' nowhere to get it, 5 minutes before this gas station that does UHaul on the side is closing.
We do the paperwork and he's ready to connect my trailer- except the hitch is incomplete!
I had to run around this tiny town trying to find the remaining parts and lucky for me this nice guy stayed late.
What a complete nightmare.
Update: A very nice guy at the original location approved roughly 30% of my expenses/ demand for money back.
But that only happened AFTER I filed a complaint with the BBB, which is still going back and forth.
FILE A COMPLAINT WITH BBB ASAP, that is likely the ONLY way they will even pay attention to you.
Also, do some googling on it, their customer service isn't the only thing they like to pass blame from office to office on.
If you sue them, you have to sue the corporate office in Phoenix.
They will say it's a family of franchise companies and pass the blame, but that's how the actual law behind it works, and they will lose.
Oh- in addition, in the process of researching, I found this guy's story, READ IT.
http://dontuseuhaul.com/index.htm  I encourage you ALL to file small claims against one of the WORST companies I have literally ever dealt with in my life (and that includes Charter)!

