4.5 stars, and worth the drive to the hood!
The billboards of the giant super 3-lb.
burrito finally cast a spell on me, and I took the plunge.
La Tolteca is not quite as full service as Ranch Market, but it's somewhat of a smaller version where you'll find a counter-service deli, panaderia, carniceria, jugeria, and a mini-market here.
Even better is their cooking tools section (where you can buy huge tamale steamers, and mortar and pestles for making chile) and the catering menu which starts at $5 per person.
Holy crap.
What a steal.
Upon entrance you'll see the deep pit outside where some man is grilling all the carne you'll find served inside.
As you step inside you'll see some brisk business - I found all sorts of types and ethnicities here - a young couple on a date, some girls gabbing over lunch and others ordering food and pastries to go.
The food here ROCKS.
It's very authentic, cooked by commadres and tias just like back home.
The Grandma quotient on the beans and rice was very high -- always a standard assessment in my quest for good Mexican food.
They have every imaginable burrito type here and they're huge and cheap - at $4.
I always opt for the veggie (rice, beans, cheese and guacamole) burrito and am always impressed - the best part being the freshly made tortillas.
I even bought some on my way out to take home.
The tacos are a good choice too.
The combo plates start at $5.
The carne asada (a little overcooked) was pretty good and delicious in a flavorful marinade, and the shrimp taco was really good - a much better choice I would add.
Paired with some tamarind, strawberry agua fresca or horchata and you'll be in heaven.
I find the bakery to be the highlight regarding the food.
The pandulce was excellent - if a bit more fresh (than Ranch Market) given the way it's stored behind a glass case rather than self-service.
The conchas and pineapple empanadas were soft, sweet and delicious - with perfect texture.
Everything from churros, to cakes, to flan, to sweet breads, to donuts and rolls.

This is my favorite Mexican lunch destination downtown.
I've started coming here once or twice a week because they have a huge, cheap, and pretty interesting menu as well as a great bakery.
The one star off is unfortunately for the main course there.
There has always been something a little off in everything I or someone else gets there when I've gone.
They have great freshly made tortillas, but the filling for the Vegetarian is pretty bland if you ask me.
A friend got a Carne Asada burrito and he said the meat was pretty fatty.
They have an interesting selection of tamales but they've all been kindof bland as well.
The tacos have always been the best, but it's pretty hard to screw up a taco.
But they have a whole bunch of unexpectadly weird dishes for a cheap counter service Mexican place like Potato tortas and aforementioned large tamale selection including fruity tamales that make it so you can have something different every time you come.
But my favorite part is getting something from the bakery after the meal.
Check out the pic on their website of their selection, it is very impressive.
The highlight for me is the carmel filled churros, which when served fresh, will make you see God.
They have  a cool market with hard to find tools to make your own Mexican feast, a meat counter, and rockin' Horchata too.

Cool place, great for a weekday lunch (as long as you don't mind smelling like Mexican food for the rest of the day).
The taco is the best I've had in Arizona, and the super-nachos are so big, it's kind of embarrassing to walk through the restaurant with them.
Also - the bakery is excellent!
You can visit twice a week for a year and try something new each time.
The stuffed churros are particularly delicious.

This Mexican restaurant has the best burritos in town!
This is not your roach infested 24 hour drive through kind of burrito joint either.
Here are the reasons that make La Tolteca #1 and one of my favorite places to eat in Phoenix!
1-Full bakery with mouth watering fresh pastries 2-Fresh ingredients and great prices 3-Also serves beer if you feel like having a Corona with your meal as opposed to take out 4-Little market has the best prices in town on citrus fruits and just enough of everything to cook up a little Mexican meal (Ranch Market not needed!
) 5-Make your own pico/ salsa bar, make it your style and get as much of it as you want:) So, if you are downtown looking for authentic Mexican this is the place.
Of course it is super casual take out or seat yourself kind of place so don't  try to flatter your date here!
But get there early, I'm pretty sure they close up shop by 9 or 10...

La Tolteca is the most authentic mexican food.
It is so good and a great place to eat if you are down town.
Check out the grocery section, they have freshly made tortillas to take home.
Delicious!

La Tolteca is in my top 5 for my Taco Crawls with my Dad and my 91-year old Grandpa.
We loved this place.
The Al Pastor taco is fabulous...marinated pork, cilantro, onions.
Mmmmm.
The Potato taco is also great...potato, sour cream, cabbage, queso fresco, tomato salsa.
The carne asada taco was tasty as well, but I agree with the other comments that it is a little fatty.
Some people like that, though.
They even sold us beers from the market area for $1.99 to drink with our tacos.
And, the salsa bar has an excellent guacamole based salsa.
Yum.
Can't wait to go back.
Oh yeah, and check out the murals...they are classic.

When I was in college there used to be a La Tolteca right across from ASU.
We went there all the time and got the burritos "as big as your head" or at least that's what we called them.
They were so good.
Eventually that place closed and I made my way down to this location.
This place is a lot of fun.
Good Mexican food, a in house bakery, a small store and butcher shop.
This place is real and it a phoenix landmark, check it out.

This is probably my favorite Mexican restaurant in all of Phoenix.
I'm never dissappointed with their food regardless of what I order.
It's inexpensive, clean, bright, and delicious.
It's a restaurant, market and bakery all in one building with a large seating area to enjoy the food on location.
You can buy a beer at the market and drink it along with the food you order which is cool.
And the salsa bar has shades of heat to please everyone.
The chile rellenos are awesome and I often ordered them when I was a vegetarian.
But, if you're the type who won't eat beans with lard or rice with chicken stock, then you won't be happy here.
Now that I gave up the vegetarianism, I am thoroughly happy with the variety of flavors in the meat items.
The meat is always moist and flavorful.

I love walking here for sunday afternoon meals.
I will spend the morning usually having a few beers and watching football or whatever sport is on, then around 2pm or so I go over for some of their off the grill chicken that they do in the parking lot.
Couple that with some warm tortillas, their salsa bar, homemade horchata, and a dessert pastery from the panaderia, and I am in heaven.
On normal days when the grill is not outside, the food is ok, and most of the items in the market/butcher shop scare the bejebus out of me.
It is not anywhere near "authentic mexican" (if you see a burrito or a chimi in mexico, its there to make americans feel comfortable) but it is palatable.

I've driven by this place numerous times, but it wasn't until Memorial day that I finally found out what it was.
I was taking a photo of their corona beer bottle flags outside for an exhibit I'm in and needed to know the address of the location.
I opened the door to go inside and was totally blown away.
I had no idea that it was a restaurant/bakery/market.
I got my address and we left.
Well this past week we went back and I'm totally glad we did.
I had the fajitas and Gary had the Mexican pizza.
His pizza was huge, way too big to finish.
My fajitas were delish!
They had a beef jerky kinda taste and I liked that.
I did not like the beans... they were bland and tasted funny.
The best part was dessert.
We always get more than a few to try.
We tried an apple empanada, a banana cream empanada, a stuffed churro and a coconut macaroon.
I did not like the empanadas and I think Gary would agree.
They were boring and flavorless.
The stuffed churro rocked!
Gary only let me have a few bites, so I want to go back for more.
The coconut macaroon was awesome!
It was coconutty, slightly oily, chewy on the inside, crunchy on top.... AND ORANGE?
not sure why it was orange but it sure was good!
I love the way it's painted inside, super colorful with different Mexican scenes muraled on to the walls.

I've drove past this place many, many, times and always wrote it of as one of those typical cheap filiburtos type of places..
However, today I wanted fresh tortillas, and I heard this is a good place to go, so I went.. And I was in love with the place..
They have a bakery with yummy looking pastries things, a full menu of anything you would want at a Mexican restaurants..
I didn't take advantage of the menu options, there cooks were smoking up the place which wasn't great, smelled good but hopefully its not always smoky there..    Strolled around the small market, excited about their lower prices on what they had.. found my tortillas along with freshly grilled green peppers, both were still warm and steamy..
I was in love!
There tortillas were some of the best I've had, so I am so going to go back and next time I go I'll have to try their menu..

The key here is to go in when they open their ovens baking some of their excellent pastries.
I never leave without getting a freshly baked crossiant or churro.
My wife introduced me to La tolteca and we have been making regular trips back ever since.
We started out with breakfast burritos on weekend mornings and I have now fit it into my drive home from golfing for some tacos.
Both of the aforementioned are excellent.
It is really hard to find authentic homemade Mexican food and this place does it perfectly.
I was convinced when I had my Mother-in-law's homemade rice and tacos that it was the best their was.
I am not saying that Tolteca is better but it actually tastes close to the same.
A little hint: Once it cools down a little bit, fall and winter months, they have a huge charcoal grill setup in the parking lot on weekends.
You can get cooked whole chickens and full racks of ribs for around 8 bucks.
They also cook fresh green chiles.
A great alternative on game days when you don't have time to setup the grill before the game starts.
Just run down and pick something up fresh off their grill!

Words cannot express my love for La Tolteca.
Well, not English words and I no habla Espanol.
But I'll try...  SUPER NACHOS MOTHERFUCKER!!!
Nacho cheese, tons of cilantro, chicken, beef, beans, onions, tomatos, salsa, more cheese piled into a HUGE box.
A huge box!
............................................................................... THUD  I just passed out.
Also great everything else.
and cheap as hell.
Like pesos cheap.
!ah dios mio!

Atmosphere inside is kinda like a Mexican version of Chompies -  good sized counter restaurant flanked by market and bakery, oozing ethnic energy.
More intimate (and less overwhelming) than Ranch Market; a plus for tentative gringos like me.
It's a lengthy and fun menu to pore over and the place is airy enough that no one glares at you if you take extra time figuring out what you want, before stepping in line to order.
My carne asada torta was really satisfying, smeared with guac, grilled onions and juicy beef on a nice, crunchy roll.
My kid didnt get too excited about his chicken enchiladas - just average he said.
Next time we'll try something a litle more exotic, maybe grab something from the bakery.
To be frank, I wasnt real comfortable in the neighborhood outside.
Cant say if that's objectively reflected in crime statistics, and nothing bad happened to us, but there's a slew of chop shops and homeless/marginal looking types milling around and I spent part of our meal worrying about the semi-hidden laptop back in our car.
We went Friday at 2PM, a fairly quiet hour, and maybe the vibe is busier - and safer - on weekends or at noon.
Hate saying that, cuz La Tolteca's a cool place worth visiting, and the surroundings obviously arent their fault, but next time I might take the bus,  "travel light" as they say, and enjoy the entire experience a little more.

One of my favorite lunch places.
Smoke from the grill fills your nose (and lungs) as soon as you walk in the door.
Mmmm, grilled meat.
The carnitas are always good at this place and the grilled shrimp tacos rock.
The Mexican pizza is what it's all about; chicken or beef, it's piled high with lots of good stuff.
In addition to the freshly cooked food, La Tolteca has an extensive selection from the bakery.
Tons of sugary goodness.
There is also a small market with some fresh veggies and a butcher shop, including roasted chicken, ribs and carnitas.
If you eat there, be sure to check out the murals on the walls.

I don't care how good the good is here, this place scares me.
If you're looking for true Mexican food, hospitality, cleanliness and attitude, I can't recommend La Tolteca enough.
That being said, I've only ever ordered the enchilada combo in the 20+ times I've been there and I absolutely love it.
Be sure to admire the tiled floor.
This truly is an authentic Mexican gem, Rocky Pointe style.

When someone says "Lets get Mexican for breakfast... there is this place on 12th street and Van Buren...." my stomach takes a dive and common sense tells me that it's probably not a very good idea, but I was in an adventurous mood and Dallas G. is normally always spot on with his restaurant choices, so I decided to give it a whirl.
Um... hell yeah!
La Tolteca was awesome!
Any place that has a full on Mexican bakery staring you in the face when you walk in is fine by me!
I was lovingly admiring the watermelon shaped cookies from afar.
I will be back... my stomach said.
We got up to the menu board and I was impressed with the huge selection of items they had to offer.
Honestly, if you cant find something that gets the juices flowing here, you have some seriously demented taste buds.
I opted for the egg and cheese burrito with pico and a side of beans and rice.
I slathered on the green sauce from the salsa bar and munched away at the deliciousness as the sweat poured down my face.
This was one spicy, but tasty, breakfast!
D.G.
got the huevos rancheros.
I didn't try them, but they looked pretty damn good and he seemed to be enjoying them.
He also opted for the horchatta, which I normally don't like, but was pleasantly surprised with.
Another thing I really want to point out is that the people that work here are REALLY nice, even to us whities.
Normally I do not get such a welcome reception, but honestly, the workers were dancing and singing to the festive tunes and even the lady at the pick up counter had a smile on her face.
I planned on hitting up the bakery for that watermelon cookie, but my $6 breakfast burro, rice and beans had me FULL... so I will be back for you my little cookie.. yes...
I will be back!!

Oh my gosh, heaven!!
Walking inside of the place I wasn't expecting to see such a monstrosity of a restaurant.
It's just huge.
There's a large panaderia right when you walk in where you can order tasty Mexican pastries.
You walk down a little ways and order your meal at the counter.
There's a salsa bar to the right with all sorts of great salsas from spicy to mild, to avocado, etc.
I ordered the Super Nachos and they were so good!
I didn't want to stop eating them and literally gorged myself until I couldn't lift another chip into my mouth.

Chingon Mexican Food Here.
The style of service is similar to that of the cafe inside the Ranch Market.
Large menu, with lots of the usual Mexican restaurant fare.
A long line of steam tables, keeping that food hot and ready to go.
Food was delicious.
I had the Carnitas Gorditas.
It was a bountiful offering of slow cooked pork, on a fried masa cake cut in half.
Served with shredded cabbage, Queso Fresco, and a big ass dollop of sour cream.
I ordered two thinking I was a bad ass.
Not so.
This was a gut busting meal.
I washed it all down with a Jugo de Melon, which is cantaloupe juice.
The bakery offerings looked delicious and inviting.
Nice, clean place to get some good Mexican Grub.

My horchata was tasty.
The carne asada tacos were not.
I ordered just the 2 taco combo.
Came with beans and rice.
Rice was kinda dry, I had to mix some salsa and beans in with it to eat it.
The carne asada was super greasy and the tortillas were not warmed up enough I think as they were kinda stiff.
The gordita's my dude ordered looked far superior to my food.
I like how they had a little market and bakery in there.
The self serve salsa bar was nice.
This ambiance was very authentically Mexican.
Colors, smells, sounds, everything.
I'll be back to try something different.

I'm craving a gordita and a churro.
You know where I'm going...  La Tolteca.
Their menu is huge, they have a bakery for all your churro needs, and YUM.
Yeah, yum.
If only it was open later...

Imagine a Filliberto's sized menu selection, even larger, without the searing stomach pains post-meal.
Throw in authentic southwestern Mexican dishes served quickly and a great bakery with a huge variety of fresh Mexican sweets and this place deserved five stars hands down.
The menu selection is huge and won't break the bank.
My favorite items are the tamales (pork)with the green sauce, gorditas (gf's favorite), nopales (that's cactus and any self respecting southwestern Mexican restaurant will serve these) and the Mexican sweet breads (not brains, yuck).
The food comes fast and my orders have always been right.
There is a salsa bar that's always stocked.
It's a dine in or take out establishment with no servers.
There is also a small butcher, or carneceria, inside for finding cuts of meat for making fajitas or other tastey things at home.
Not a date place but perfect if you're looking for something with a couple of friends that will fill you up and not break the bank.
It's on 12th Street and Van Buren so be aware of the area.
I've lived in Central or South Phoenix my whole life so I'm used to it (aka my hood).
It's open for bf, lunch & dinner.
I've only had the latter two but they were muy yummy.
Oh and also I've seen that Super Burrito and it would feed a small village ... seriously.
Also, even if you're taking it to go, wander over to the dining side while you're waiting the murals on the wall are funny.

I left this place feeling so full that I almost fell asleep on the light rail, then back at work I had to nap just to regain consciousness.
The atmosphere of Tolteca is great, very colorful and energizing.
The food is cooked in massive scale which matches the size of the menu.
I had the combo plate which included Carne Asada, beans and rice and tortillas.
It was enough for two, but wasn't the greatest "Mexican" I've had.
My friend had the fajitas and I am excited to go back and get them for myself.
Aren't there a bunch of cuisines in Mexico?
Why does the cheapest stuff get labeled authentic?
The bakery is immense and matches the exuberance of the rest of the decor.
I had a classic pink morning bun and a couple of the macaroons to top off the already heavy meal.
Why do I do this to myself?
If I see it, I eat it, painfully.
I will return to tolteca with visitors to Phoenix craving something authentic.

The potato tacos!
So good!
This place is a fun restaurant to take out-of-towners to get the full Mexican food experience.
A big, diverse menu, with a panaderia and a little grocer as well.
Highly recommended!

I agree with all these posts.
cheap, colorful, huge menu, good horchata, tres leches cake at the panaderia....  Not much more has to be emphasized, however, one reccommendation: get the ELOTE along with whatever you decide to get.
Its corn on a stick covered in mayo and queso- delicioso.
if you really want a treat, squirt ketchup all over it too.
mmmm market foooood

Three and a half stars to be more specific :) This place was CRAZY busy today for lunch, not sure if it's always like that as I heard some people talking that Good Morning Arizona was doing a remote broadcast out here earlier.
I had cut a snippet from Phoenix magazine some time ago reminding me to check this place out, I'm thinkin' a kind of Ranch Market!!
Sort of I guess, it is much smaller and the 'fresh' produce occupies maybe 2 sq.
ft. of cooler space since put there about two weeks ago.... Stupid long lines, very loud with music and the 'your meal is ready numero tres tres uno' Spanglish microphone girls.
The lowdown-went with three friends and had pollo asado (a.k.a.
grilled chicken) plate that I split with one of them and the other two both had chicken monster tacos.
Not too bad a value, the salsa bar was included and had a number of very good candidates.
And praise be, the rice was actually pretty kick @ss!!
Pollo Asado, although flavorful, was dry and we got dark meat which tends to last a little longer over the mesquite fire.
Good BIG steamy flour tortillas.
For my money, the Ranch Market is right down the street so I'd likely go there instead of La Tolteca next time but that is a fairly high standard.

I have eaten here many times and have not been impressed with the taste of the food or the prices compared to other places.
Today we went for lunch.
My veggie burrito was almost $6 and not very appetizing.
A co-worker was very disappointed also.
She ordered a side salad for $3.99 and what she got was a side of shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, cilantro/onion (which we would have told them to leave off had we known they were going to put it on a salad), cheese, tortilla chips and a packet of ranch.
It seemed like a bunch of toppings thrown together with chips and ranch dressing.
I would recommend Ranch Market (16th St./Roosevelt), Ritos (14th St/Roosevelt) or Los Charros (10th St/VanBuren) instead.

Bakery, groceries, and lunch.
Great combo.
Don't let the address limit you.
We visited for lunch before 1pm, and didn't experience any lunch crowd.
Plenty of seats.
I had a combo (Tamale, taco, tostada) which was too much food.
My friend had the Mexican Pizza, which I'll be getting next time I visit.
Soon I hope.
P.S.
If you like hibiscus tea, you can get the leaves here to make at home.

I work right down the street from La Tolteca so many of my co-workers visit here regularly.
I finally visited...  FOOD The menu has a great variety and is pretty inexpensive.
However, my burrito kinda started to taste funny as I finished it up- almost like cleaning solution--- I didn't get sick so I'm not sure what that taste was.
I like the bakery and the sweets selection and the salsa is pretty good.
OTHER We also use this place to cater meal for our late working employees.
The catered food was a lot better than my burrito.
I will give La Tolteca another chance...

I did go back and had the enchiladas plate which was what you'd expect but yummy and filling.
Good if you got the craving for mexican food.
Easy on the wallet too.

Looking for counter service, tasty Mexican food?
This is it.
Excellent tacos, burritos and combination plates.
Extensive menu.
Try the al pastor anything; superb.
Plus, this place is a gigantic bakery with terrific sweets and cakes.

The best Mexican food that I've found in the valley, and absolutely worth the risk of getting shot while driving down Van Buren.
All the food I had here was incredibly fresh, delicious, and flavorful.
It seems that everything is made in-house, including the tortillas, and it shows.
Prices are great too - I got two tacos and a burrito for about $12.
I also love the huge charcoal grill in the middle of this place, although it does fill the restaurant with smoke on occasion.
What I ate:  Lengua taco - super tender and fantastic.
Carne asada taco - extremely flavorful and just really awesome.
Chile relleno burrito - a MONSTER made of delicious.
The only reason I was able to eat this and two tacos is because I'm a fatass - I'm pretty sure a normal person couldn't even finish the lone burrito.
I also tried a bite of someone else's fish taco and it was awesome.
Most places deep-fry their fish for tacos, but La Tolteca grills it, which gives a different flavor and texture that is absolutely fantastic.
The salsas are also really fresh and delicious.
Even though I prefer spicier food, the mild salsa verde was very flavorful and delicious.
The salsa habanera had a good kick to it and satisfied my craving for something hot.
La Tolteca is awesome, and it's unfortunate that I didn't find it until after I moved out of Phoenix.
I'll be sure to stop by every time I visit though, as this place is worth it.

Went for a quick lunch today and am so happy.
I have found a new spot to add to my best Mexican places in the valley.
I had the chilaquiles and WOW they were amazing.
So much flavor alone then I added the Habenero salsa and it was like a bomb going off spicing up the dish just right.
They also have the Pepsi in the bottle which I got for my beverage.
The rest of the menu looked amazing and they have $1 tacos for the value minded people.
Definitely check this place out you won't regret it.

I've never had a bad dish from Tolteca!
Portions are huge, but the prices are small.
Save room on the way out because their bakery is top notch!

I don't usually say this.
O.M.G.
I recently reviewed Gallo Blanco Cafe in Phoenix, which fell into the "cleaned up but still cheap" category of Mexican food.
Tolteca is definitely in the "local grimy Tacqueria" category.
And it's one of the best I've ever been to (including in LA and SF).
The carnitas burro blew me away.
Fresh, homemade flour tortilla makes a huge difference.
Carnitas were incredibly moist and tasty.
Fresh guacamole, great salsa.
Everything about this dramatically more delicious than your average Tacqueria burro, while still being simple and not just trying to win you over with loads of sour cream and cheese.
Save room for dessert, too - they have a great pastelería too

I always find myself here before flights out of Sky Harbor.
Just like walking into a mercado!
Yummy stuff.
Haven't tried everything on the menu, but can't see where they'd go wrong.

So this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley.
The staff are awesome, you get monstrous portions of food, and really there is no reason not to like this place.
The bakery sells some absolutely great items.
It is your friendly, neighborhood Tolteca.

"Eat when you're hungry and eat 'til you're happy"...one of the rules I live by:)  One of the simpler rules, really...so much less difficult to deal with than other rules:  * "Neither a borrower, nor a lender be" - sure, great advice when the economy is in the crapper, but you might want to think about levering up in boom times:)  * "Do not covet thy neighbor's wife" - Hey, if I hadn't done a little coveting, the Beautiful Carin would not be my blushing bride today:)  * 9.80665 m/s2 = 1G - It's not just a good idea, it's the law (probably...in this universe:)  And so it came to pass that I was, in fact, hungry after my run and before I hit the driving range yesterday...one of my buddies called and suggested La Tolteca.
I said "Who?
"...The Toltec?
But Wes seems to know his Mexican food and I seem to enjoy decent Mexican food, so off I went...to a really interesting part of town:)  I guess I don't get out much...hookers ambling up and down the street at 11:30 am?...People urinating behind dumpsters in the parking lot?...The unmistakable (and appetite enhancing) aroma of ganga being smoked nearby?
I don't see much of that from my deck in Old Town:)  I also don't get tamales that are this good in Old Town, either...m'mmm, m'mmm good...with a great big side of atmosphere:)  I chose wisely and thoroughly enjoyed my number 3...two plump, succulent and spicy beef tamales, covered with red sauce...I added a couple of little plastic cups of habanero salsa to my Styrofoam plate and headed for a table in the well muraled dining area (the murals really are nice...an artistic depiction of life on Van Buren, near La Tolteca...bright and colorful:)  BTW, La Tolteca is a market and bakery, too!
If you happened to want...oh, say a beer or 4 at lunch, you can swing through the market and pick up a six pack of Bud for about what you'd pay for one beer at Loco Patron...and after lunch, you can grab a cupcake on your way out for about 95 cents (about 3% of what you'd pay for a crapcake at Sprinkles:)  Wes and I chatted and ate...the tamales were excellent...the company was excellent...I was charmed, by both La Tolteca itself (a sweet little outpost) and by the grittiness of this stretch of Van Buren (a street that gives us all a glimpse of how a post apocalyptic world might look).
It was worth the trip, for the food, for the look into another world and for a chance to catch up with my pal:)  Go during daylight hours...park in the very safe "hooker patrolled" parking lot...avert your eyes from the public urination ("ma'am...that's really not appropriate":) and have a super burrito or a couple of tamales at La Tolteca...eat 'til you're happy:)

My bird-eating wife got the chilaquiles last time and I stole some of the meatless parts.
Amazing and spicy!
Next time we're on Van Buren, I'm asking for chilaquiles plus a fried egg, minus the chicken.
Best thing?
Try the potato tacos.
That's right.
Potato.
Tacos.
Yum.
La Tolteca is fantastic.
Every time I go in, I'm tempted to walk out with a (paid-for) molcajete.
Instead, I walk out too-full because I wanted to try so many things.

I haven't been to La Tolteca for several years but yesterday we were down the street at the Children's Museum of Phoenix so we just had to go.
What can I say?
These guys make some awesome everyday!
There's no Mexican food any better in my opinion (including all those 'bertos places) on this side of the border.
Huge portions, great prices and there's so much other things there to compliment the food.
Other then the food, there's a grocery store in there as well as some other stuff you can buy.
I got a kick out of the 3 foot loofahs.
Not sure what you would do with one, but they were interesting to play with.
Cadie (my 2 year old) and I had a loofah sword fight.
I kinda want to buy the tortilla making stuff and try my hand at home made tortillas.
Maybe I will next time I'm there :)

Why did it take me nearly 2 years of living downtown to finally make it here?

This big, busy, authentic, smoky, banged up place is a combination bakery, meat market, grocery, deli, & restaurant!
The restaurant serves ala carte items as well as breakfast, lunch & dinner combinations from an extensive menu up over the counter.
On top of that, I asked them to customize my meal, & it was no problemo.
You order & pay at the counter, & they call you when it's ready for you to take to the table of your choice in their big, comfortable dining room.
I asked them to make me up a combination plate with a chile relleno, a beef tamale, plus beans & rice.
They also offered me flour or corn tortillas, & I chose corn.
Pretty soon my number was called, & here they gave me FIVE roasting hot tortillas wrapped up in aluminum foil!
You help yourself to the salsa bar, & I had the salsa verde, which was so good I didn't even sample any of the others.
In fact, everything was terrific, & the whole meal was amazingly inexpensive at $6.48!
If you want a place that "looks clean", this isn't that.
If you want generous portions of really good Mexican food, hop in your Chivy & whip over here ahorita!
This place has tons of character, & the food is very, very good!

Don't fall for the SUPER BURRITO OR TACO thinking your going to get more food for your buck.
Instead, they fill each with so much "filler" garbage to make it look bigger!
Meat, beans, cheese amounts remain the same as if you ordered a regular.
Plus, CANNOT seem to completely get an order right to save their lives.
Seems more often than not, something is missing from my combination dinners.
I have ordered a side of supposedly "fresh" tortilla chips, and been given stale, old chips.
Never mind the vagrant, homeless, beggars that meander through the restaurant, and hit you up for $ while you are trying to eat.
It's too bad.
I live practically right down the st., and would give them tons of business otherwise.
To end on a good note, the BAKERY ROCKS!
Best baklava (sp?
) around!
Friendly staff too!

This place makes really, really authentic Mexican food.
It's part restaurant, bakery, and grocery.
I go here for the Burritos.
Big, soft, house made tortilla and filling!
I always order green chile, chicken, deep fried.
It's sooo huge, but good!
You can do Enchilada style or plain, option to add your typical toppings like Guac, sour cream, cheese, etc.

Awesome Mexican Tienda Joint - super friendly staff, almost too many menu choices to choose from - I had what was recommended by the cashier - the steak fajitas - and they were incredible - I left stuffed with tender beef, guacamole, fresh tortillas, peppers, rice, beans, chips, salsa muy rica...
Format is super casual - you order at the counter and if you want to eat it there they bring it out to you in the seating area.
While not expected given the format, drop in a tip and you can tell they really appreciate it.
They have an excellent salsa bar, and sell a wide variety of mexican beer, and it's priced  sooo right.
I'll be back for sure next time I'm in Phoenix.

Easily one of my favorite, authentic Mexican food spots.The menu has everything one could ever crave and the salsa bar provides a wide range of choices.
I have been looking for a great, down-home, authentic Mexican joint for three years--I finally found it.
Perfect.

OK ok ok.
I'll have to agree with some of the below reviewers that this place isn't dead-on authentic Mexican food.
That being said, I love it!
The place is huge, sporting a bakery (said many times before) with unbelievably dirt cheap pastries (not said as many times before), a little carniceria (not as good as Carniceria Sonora) and a huge dining area.
The dining area with all its painted mural glory is so goddamn cool that I find myself wanting to just hang out there for hours watching La Primera Division de Mexico on TV and enjoying a nice $2 Dos Equis.
The food - that's probably the only tougher part.
Keep in mind it's still pretty good, but there are better places in the area for getting your Mexican on food wise.
The potato taco is worth getting because it's fairly unique, but it came out so soggy that I had to eat it with a fork.
I grabbed a couple of the Yelp-Advertised taquitos as well - keep in mind these are not the Circle K, rolling taquitos.
They are literally just smaller tacos, but they were damn good.
I guess when it comes down to it, I'm an atmosphere buff.
There were so many cool things to check out in this multi-plex, and the atmosphere was so warm that I'd love to head back again soon.

Decent, consistent Mexican food!

What a gem.
This place is just true blue delicious.
Let me put it like this, everytime I have gone there for some reason a bunch of Firefighters were eating there.
Firefighters love good food and eat a lot but do not make a lot of money.
If this place fits their needs then it exceeds mine.
I always get one of the Tortas and usually take a few Churros with dulce de leche filling.
This place is just genuine.

It's a taqueria in a Latino supermarket.
Nothing special but you have choices.
They will have just about everything you may like.
It's not gourmet and some things are just sitting in the pans but at least you can look at what you want.
I'd go back if I just needed something quick....

Okay, so because I'm so excited to have eaten here, and I want to use obscenities to describe the deliciousness, I have decided to replace any PG-13 words with PG words.
And....
This place was flippin' good!
I mean, gosh darn!
How the heck did they just do that?
Each bite made whoopee to my taste buds and stayed around afterwards to cuddle!
It's not everyday that I find a restaurant that I absolutely want to be a regular at, but La Tolteca is a restaurant that I can see myself having a healthy relationship with, and, if I'm lucky, possibly growing old with.
I'm all for market-style restaurants, and La Tolteca seriously nailed it!
Okay, now that that's out of my system, here's what I tried: I tried the chips and salsas, huevos rancheros and the chilaquiles.
The chips were fresh as can be (still warm in the bag), and the salsas...oh the salsas...they were all great, but the stand out had to be the habanero.
It was definitely one of the best salsas I've ever had, and my girlfriend considered it the best she had ever had.
That's not to be taken lightly because we eat salsa almost religiously.
Because my girlfriend got the chilaquiles, I went with the huevos rancheros.
They were piping fresh and everything one would expect.
The second I cut open the yolk of the egg and saw the yellow and red run together, I knew I was in for a treat.
The flavors of that mixed with beans and a little rice were really great!
For those of you that have had good huevos rancheros before you'll know what to expect.
Alright, and lastly the chilaquiles.
In all seriousness, these were the best, and I mean the BEST chilaquiles I've ever had!
I'm not sure exactly what was going on in the kitchen, but I suspect a tiny sprinkling of crack right before it was served to us, but that may have just been the garlic.
Either way though, it was phenomenal!
Every single bite made me so happy, and even after everyone was full at the table, we still managed to pick away at it until it was completely consumed.
Every person reading this needs to do themselves a favor and endure the trip to Central Phoenix for this place.
If you love Mexican food (especially chilaquiles), La Tolteca should not disappoint in the slightest.

Someone recommend this place for my trip to Phoenix, so I thought I would give it a try.
carne asada burrito Fish tacos Super Nachos  I'm kicking myself for not yelping this place first and checking out the famous items.
Upon arriving the location I was totally overwhelmed by the menu, people and the bakery/market.
I'm not use to seeing this back in Cali.
I was somewhat in a trance and didn't realize what I was ordering until after I got my food.
I wish I put more thought into it.
Don't get me wrong, the food was good but I wished I got something else.
My only complaint was that my carne asada burrito was more tortilla and beans then meat.

Places like this are the highlight of living in Arizona.
Good access to cheap, delicious and authentic Sonoran food.
I tried Chilaquiles here for the first time and they were amazing!!
The horchata was pretty run of the mill but the empanadas were fantastic!
I also really like the market they have.
A really great place to have in the neighborhood.

My Dad and I went to get some latin food.
I have been before so I knew what to expect.
This place has really good authentic food at a really good price.
I got the Posole which was excellent and a huge portion and I got a beef tamale.
I also had the cantaloupe drink and it was awesome.
If you haven't been you gotta check this place out.

If you are looking for great authentic Mexican food, with the mindset of not having to roll out the cash, check out La Tolteca.
It is located in central phoenix and provides a lively atmosphere.
It is unique outlook, having the tri-fecta of restaurant, bakery, and market; it provides everything you need for a good breakfast, lunch, and/or dinner experience.
Once famous for its "super burrito" eating time challenge, in which eating 3 "super burritos" in 3 minutes would win 300 dollars, the "super burrito" remains its main attraction.
So whether you are looking for a new taste or an authentic one, and want to do it while saving money, come and visit La Tolteca Restaurant.

I thought it was okay.
My food came really wrong.
I really liked the chips.

I love that I have a slice of Mexico in walking distance from my apartment.
I always get the exact same thing at La Tolteca.
Chicken enchiladas with rice and beans.
Green sauce.
No lettuce.
With a side of the tomatillo salsa.
I should probably try something nice, but if it ain't broke, then why try and fix it.
What's great about La Tolteca is that it is a to go place, a sit down restaurant, and a bakery.
It's festive and inviting inside even if the Van Buren surroundings sometimes aren't.
So to summarize: authentic, affordable and delicious Mexican food.

Any place that can provide me tamales on a whim is A Ok!
to me!!
Great menu for breakfast.
Authentic Mexican dishes and lots of choices.
Also a market so you can buy things to go.
Their food is fresh and yummy!
Can't beat that!
Prices are really cheap too!
So long Filiberto's!

Grew up coming here and I love every time coming here.
Someone complained that it wasn't that good because their meal which consisted of a side salad was not that "great.
" Are you kidding me?
Who the heck grades a Mexican food place based on a side salad?
Whatever.
My enchiladas were great, the sauce was excellent and my rice and beans were of excellent moist and flavorful quality.
I have always found the rice at Filiberto's to be dry but the rice here is very moist due to their being more tomato sauce in it and a compound called salt.
Try the bakery, there are many excellent pastries to try and the salsa bar has more variety than you can find at the more common walk up Mexican eateries.
As for all the comments on the parking lot being shady, honestly in the evening many families come in here to grab something to take home or to have a family meal.
Seriously people, the parking lot was clean and well-lit, everything looked freshly painted and clear of trash.
Come down off of your high horse and enjoy some good food.

AWESOME!
Feels like you are walking into Mexico.
The food is fantastic.

This is a place not to miss!
We have been to all the Mexican spots in the Valley (Los Dos Molinos, TeePee, Nando's, Ajo Al's,) and this is our new favorite!
We decided to give this place a try after a few years of living here and had a great authentic experience.
The huevos rancheros were amazing and my husband had the chicken tacos- which were fantastic!
Don't be scared away by what part of town it's in- it adds to the experience!
Be sure to get a pastry to go, the bakery is amazing!

So, whenever you have a California gurl in a Mexican Restaurant, it has to be good.
My weary tummy has not had anything substantial all day, and having read the best of the best about the amazing La Tolteca, I decided to let me feet hit the street & check out this local flor in the rough.
Well, I have to say the reviews are all TRUTH.
The green enchilada's were my choice as I've not ever been huge fan of the red sauce, in addition to a full range of all that one could feast your immediate appetite too, there is also fresh tortillas, candy, the bakery which is a temptation I did avoid (thank you P90X) and yes, I did say it, the temptation is the BAKERY,  the smells hit your nose before you even step in, yeast, sugar and spices, La Raza!
Enjoy your time, don't rush, I wandered around and grabbed my favorite Fanta to connect the true flavors of home, Cali and my youth, thanks for the great time La Tolteca, and you'd better be sure that I'll be stopping in again with re-inforcements.
Gracias & Happy Eating

La Tolteca is probably the most interesting Mexican food restaurant in Phoenix.
The building houses a bakery and a market in addition to the lunch counter.
On the walls of the eating area is a cartoon mural that is always very entertaining while eating.
The food is fantastic.
I haven't had any disappointments for the 7 years I've been eating there.
You can get some real authentic food here.
If there are Mexicans in a Mexican food restaurant, it is always a good sign!

First time in, a little smokey but hey what's smoke when your getting great eats.
Excellent fish tacos I would have no problem saying one of THE best fish tacos in Phoenix.
The carne asada burro was ok, meat was average in terms tenderness, good cuts and a little seasoned/salty but a cool cerveza would of complimented it nicely.
I will be coming back!
The locals gave me the stink eye but that's just because I found out about one of Phoenix's best kept secrets.

These guys were tucked in the Latin area at the March of Dimes, where as the American hot dogs were in the central area.
Well, their meat with red and green chili tostadas were sublime.
The meager hot dog does not stand a chance when you have a choice.
Although the apple empanadas were more popular I am going to have to urge for adventure.
The pineapple empanadas knocked it out of the park and were a nice doughy light contrast to many of the heavy greasy versions I have tried elsewhere.
If they can do this well catering, I can only imagine how wonderful they will be on site.
The boyfriend and I can't wait!

A Phoenix native told me I had to try the mexican food while I was in town, so I stopped by La Tolteca and I was happy I did.
I tired out a torta and a couple of sopas.
The al pastor sopa was right on as was the the carne asada.
My milanesa torta was a bit chewy but otherwise prepared with great fresh veggies.
Hit up the salsa bar for some extra flavor!
Enjoy!

Best Mexican food we've found so far.
Great bakery, sometimes they have trays of what I call Mexican sliders.
Small round sandwiches, one has ham, a sliced jalapeno pepper, and shredded cheese.
If you order the fish dinner it comes with the head on.
Very tasty.
Meats you won't find anywhere else, cabeza, lengua.

You know the feeling you get when you haven't had a decent meal in what seems like days and all you want to do is break the fast with something amazing?
That's the feeling I had yesterday afternoon when I foolishly decided to try La Tolteca for the first time...  Why was this a foolish decision?
Because I got sick.
Super duper sick.
Which I should have known was going to happen because the Fish Burro I ordered tasted terrible.
And now, here I am, 24 hours later, still trying to keep fluids in my body in between trips to the bathroom.
Now I know what you're thinking... "What does he expect?
He ordered a Fish Burro!
" And I know.
You're right.
It's just that I've had such good luck with fish tacos at a couple of other restaurants lately (Canteen, Tacos Atoyac) that I decided to see what sort of magic La Tolteca could create with their mahi mahi.
Apparently their in-house magician has Mondays off.
I seriously don't know why there's so many four and five star reviews of this place on Yelp.
It's not that great.
Even if my burrito hadn't made me ill, I still would have felt compelled to write something to balance all the positive reviews on here.
Maybe the corn tortillas they use on their tacos deserve the accolades that other reviewers can't seem to stop talk about, but my flour tortilla was below average.
It was dry and it tasted like paper.
As for the burro, I specifically asked about the filling prior to ordering it and I was told that it only contained cabbage, fresco cheese and guacamole.
Sadly, when I took my first bite, out spewed a white, mayonnaise-like substance.
The burro's filling was more like a fish salad of sorts and it tasted off.
Very off.
And the fish wasn't hot.
Actually, nothing it the burro was the least bit warm.
And the guacamole was on the side--not inside the burro.
But again, I was starving at this point so I took it down.
Every last bite.
I knew immediately that something was wrong.
I considered removing the food from my body as soon as I got outside, but I decided to keep my finger out of mouth and let things settle.
Big mistake.
There would be no settling.
I consider myself to have an iron gut, too.
I can basically eat anything in any quantity (not that I do this often) but normally I have good luck.
I haven't been this sick since eating food from a middle-of-nowhere farmstand while bike touring in the Caribbean.
I'm giving La Tolteca two stars because I did like their hot sauces--all of them.
And they have cheap beer, too ($2 Coronas all day, every day).
However, as Michael S. noted in an earlier review, everything I tried tasted off.
Tangy is fine when that's what a place is going for, but everything I ate tasted slightly tangy in a ugh-this-is-going-to-make-me-sick sort of way.
Not cool.
So that's that.
I really don't think I'll be back.
I have no desire to explore the bakery case and there's way too many small taquerias around to take any more chances with this high-volume, supermarket of a restaurant.

I love La Tolteca the variety of truly authentic Mexican fare.
My Mom was in town from Alaska and craving some good Mexican food so I took here to La Tolteca to get her fix.
We had a shrimp ceviche tostada, lengua taco, taco al pastor, and chile rellanos.
All were excellent and with the habenero salsa they had a nice kick that left a tickle in our throats.
I will for sure be back and I know anytime my Mom visits this is a must eat place for her.

CHILAQUILES!
CHILAQUILES!
CHILAQUILES!
They are like a punch in the gut that you will ask for over and over again.
Also, the little sammiches at the bakery counter.
With a slice of ham, a little bit of melted cheese, and a roasted pepper - on a sesame bun.
Worth ever literal penny you will pay for them.

With so many places to eat Mexican food in Phoenix, this is my absolute favorite for Mexican casual dining.
The staff is friendly and remembered me the 2nd time I ever came in, and every time since.
The ambiance and decor is fun and the food - oh the food is amazing!
I have brought several people here who doubted my claim of "best in Phoenix" and they all left agreeing with me.
I confess that I tend to stick to a few favorites and always over-order, but it's all so tasty!
Their super nachos are much more "super" if you put carne asada on them instead of the standard ground beef.
I had never had elotes con todos (corn with everything) before coming here, but somehow, steamed corn on a stick with mayo, chili powder and cheese is a winning combination.
Who knew?
There is no way to eat this corn daintily but it's so good that I don't care.
I can floss later.
The carne asada or carnitas soft tacos are consistently high quality but the real reason I pilgrimage here from clear across town is the fish tacos.
The mahi mahi is perfectly seasoned and flaky, with homemade tartar sauce and queso fresco.
I personally skip the rice and beans because they do use lard in the beans and that doesn't always sit well with me.
The salsa verde from the always well stocked salsa bar is noteworthy and good on nearly everything and just a few drops of habanero salsa on my fish taco is enough for great flavor and a little kick without totally setting my insides on fire.
If you like ceviche, try the tostada de ceviche - a great little value for the price - shrimp, avocado, onion, tomato and lime for under $3?
I couldn't make it for that cheap!
The latest development at La Tolteca is the construction of an outdoor BBQ grill just outside the entrance closest to the parking lot.
Perhaps this will reduce smokiness inside from the somewhat poorly ventilated indoor grill.
That would be great.
Before you leave, be sure to pick up some churros and a fruit empanada or two, or even some arroz con leche (rice pudding) at the panaderia (bakery).
Even if you (like me) ordered too much and don't have any room left for sweets, they're just as good as a late-night snack once you get home.

Had lunch here yesterday and have to say that they have great carne asada burritos.
Fresh Food and a huge portion.
Definitely the best burrito I have had in Phx.
The only downside is the neighborhood--probably not the best place to be at night.
Reminds me of Taquerias in the mission district of San Francisco--yummy

If you don't like La Tolteca, just go to Taco Bell for the rest of your life, because you obviously don't enjoy food.
Your eating privileges should be revoked, in fact.
THIS IS MY FAVORITE Mexican place in the ENTIRE COUNTRY, and if you look through my reviews, it's quite obvious that Mexican food is my #1 reason to live.
The menu selection is HUGE.
My favorites are: The Shrimp Tacos..
SO GOOD.
Big hot corn tortillas, with gigantic grilled spicy shrimp, red & green bell pepper, and onions.
Their Chile Rellenos are simply the best I've ever had..
They are egg dipped, stuffed with perfectly melted cheese, and the peppers are huge, spicy and ROASTED.
*dies* YES.
None of that soggy baby food tasting relleno you may find elsewhere.
This is the real deal!
Papas taco is great, Elotes are awesome, etc etc..
The only let down has been the Fish taco.. it's just kinda dull.. but why eat that when there are the OMFG FALL OVER SO GOOD shrimp tacos.
Also the environment is unique, festive, and cheery, and the staff are great too.. the owner is a doll..
I just love her :D Before I forget..
THE SALSA BAR..
Absolutely the best salsa in Phoenix, and if you can't deal with heat, then go cry about it somewhere else..
There are several types and styles ranging from mild to BURN YER TONGUE OFF, and there are also roasted chiles and that marinated trio of carrots, cauliflour and something else I can't remember right now :P  I'm not even going to start about the desserts, cuz they speak for themselves..

La Tolteca is one of those Mexican gems in Phoenix that I get worried about too many Gringos (hey, I know I am one of them) finding out about.
Cheap, tasty.
It is a seat-yourself eatery and small market combined with a bakery.
I like that they have a decent selection of baked goods, but there are a few local panaderias that do it a bit better.
HOWEVER, their salsa bar is top notch and their food is delicious.
I personally love La Tolteca because it is one of the only places in the valley that regularly has green corn tamales available.
The staff is always very pleasant, and the food is always good.
This place does get pretty hectic at meal times and on weekends, but the seating area is rather large.
Sometimes the service gets a bit backed up, but honestly, it just adds to the lively feel of the place.

Great salsa bar, yummy burritos, interesting location, and delicious bakery!
Love going there.

Service is fairly decent.
Don't expect to hear "can I help you here" but a "what do you need" look.
The food is a little above average.
Serving size is large, guacamole is fresh, tortilla's are warm & flan is delicious.
I recommend the fish taco's, the chile relleno burro and calling in your orders.

I love the legit places in the downtown neighborhood that have seen it through all of the transitions and still are respected and are staples in the community.
La Tolteca is one of those Phoenix restaurants that has been there for decades.
My grandmother used to buy her corn husks from them to make tamales, which is so amazing to me.
I first went here for a burrito and fell in love with it's legitimate Mexican street food taste, and it filled me up and made me happy!
The atmosphere is festive.
You order at the counter, gaze at the bright colors surrounding you, and watch the wide array of people eating and talking.
It's festive!
There are no frills here, it is just simple and delicious.
I have been back for the huevos rancheros and love the runny eggs and beans and fresh tortillas, aye!
So good.
I will keep supporting their authentic menu and spreading the word!

This review is based solely on the market, since I haven't actually ordered food here.
That being said, La Tolteca rocks.
There's a Christmas tradition that I partake of, and it causes me all sorts of problems.
Every year I cater a holiday party, and every year I'm scrambling to get my preparations done.
This year I needed some butt.
Pork butt to be exact.
Not being satisfied with what I found at the grocery store and being in need of some Mexican spices I turned to La Tolteca.
I was not disappointed.
The butcher counter has a small but excellent selection.
You haven't lived until you see a window full of cow tongue!
The butcher was great and the prices were beyond reasonable.
I'll definitely return to La Tolteca, and next time I'll actually eat there.

Hands down the best flour tortillas I have ever had.
I had a carne asada burrito and I couldn't tell you what the meat tasted like because all I can remember is that tortilla.
It was soft, thick and flavorful, it definitely made the burrito.

It was decided that the culmination of our Southwest trip would involve a "grand finale" for Mexican dining, so the burden was on the Yelp iPhone App as we sped toward Phoenix looking for a solid lunch place near the airport.
Given that Yelp never fails, the deceptively named La Tolteca Mexican Foods was presented before us as an attractive option.
Hesitant as to whether it was actually just a Mexican grocery store, we hustled in to see what the buzz was about.
Now, I know I live in the Northeast (veritable Mexican food desert), but "Oh.
My.
Gahhhhhhhhhhhhh..." This place is amazing.
One of the most appealing things to me about La Tolteca was its no-nonsense approach to everything.
Food is ordered from a board menu above a counter and prepared in a small kitchen area in front of you.
Slightly further back lies the grocery store component which does have an interesting (Maybe typical for Phoenix, but what do I know?
) variety of Mexican groceries and specialties to recommend it.
Back to the food though... that really was the main event.
I ordered a chicken burrito which came out quickly and was f---ing enormous.
Imagine the beams of light shining down from above when I turned around a spotted the salsa bar!
I was able to taste all of their salsas including the piquant green chili pepper one which I am still thinking about.
There's a vast dining area to the back where you can bring your food and beverage to gorge and take in this amazing experience.
Maybe I just love Mexican food too much... Who knows, but I was really a happy camper here.
We looked over and spotted some people eating burritos that were literally the size of loaves of Wonder Bread, so consider that as one more reason to go (though even I, self-proclaimed food eater extraordinaire could not fathom eating one of those).
The prices are ridiculously cheap, and the food was amazing, flavorful and truly memorable.
Overall, another highly recommended and worthwhile stop in Phoenix if you're nearby.

We had to be near downtown today, and when scrolling through nearby restaurants on my phone I saw this one.
On Google it's rated 5 stars.
Here it's 4 stars.
And only a single dollar sign!
So we drove over.
The place looks like something you might find in Mexico.
No hostess.
Walk up to the counter, order your food, wait for your number to be called, walk into the dining area (ducking under a low arch if you over 6' tall) where you are greeted with basic tables and chairs.
Seriously...if you didn't know you were in Phoenix you'd swear you were in an eatery in Mexico.
They also have a bakery and a market attached to the food counter.
On to the actual food.
As this was my first time here I ordered the chimi.
I usually do that so I have a basis for comparison to other places.
My wife had the albondigas soup.
We both liked our dishes.
The chimi was done perfectly.
A light crunch of the shell.
Not overcooked, not greasy.
The chicken was moist and tender.
And it was a pretty big chimi.
I think one does need to add some pico to it because the chicken's seasoning was very mild.
The pico added just a bit of flavor that really made the difference.
And the Mexican rice was very nice.
I wish it wasn't so far from home (Gilbert) because I'd love to make this my "regular" spot for Mexican food.
I would say it blows away just about every place else I've found in the Valley, and is neck-and-neck with Guerrero's (in Tempe).
I can't choose between the two at this moment.
I hope to return here, and will be trying something different.
Their menu is pretty extensive with several traditional dishes (including menudo, lengua, and albondigas).

The grocery store is cool, pastries looked delicious and the overall vibe of the place was cool.
But our burritos were not great.
Moved to Phoenix 6 years ago and have yet to find anything close to a Bay Area burrito.
What is so hard about having the whole thing heated through??
Still searching.

Wow.
Currently in a chilaquile-induced coma.
Been here a few times and I'm finally getting around to writing a review.
It's smoky, kinda loud, with a butcher, bakery, market, and restaurant all in one.
Today is the first time I've seen fellow gringos here, it must be catching on!
Make sure to try the habanero salsa and chilaquiles.
I insist!
The chicken ones are the best in my opinion.
It's probably enough for two people to share as a meal (or if you're a glutton like me you can eat the whole thing by yourself and be miserable).
Also had the bacon breakfast torta today--amazing!
Kept stealing bites from my dining partner in crime.
have yet to be disappointed by anything here but the chilaquiles are definitely what I come for.

I don't understand why people eat here.
The food is greasy, the restaurant/ store/bakery smells, and you get that smell with you in your clothes.
I went over a week ago with some coworkers as an "appreciation " meal, thanks but no thanks.
I am from Mexico, and even the street restaurants are better than this.

Good selection of food but I think you have to make it your own if not you get a pretty basic plate such as shredded meat of your choice with green or red sauce.
I go with the grilled carne asada burrito with jalapenos which are fresh and cooked as well.
Even the vegetarian burrito with fajita veggies is delish.
To make it even better they have a habenero salsa that is awesome!
But BEWARE you will come out and smell like you been standing in front of the bbq grill pretty much from the smoke of their inside grill.
Also try their sweet breads!
Peace.

La Tolteca is Restaurant/Bakery/Market and sells the best authentic Mexican food I've ever had in the states.
The atmosphere is fast paced/to-go style and there isn't a thing on the menu that isn't to die for!
No need to get dressed up, just sit back, get messy, and enjoy!

I have not been here in years.
I was very happy and excited to find that it is still as good as I remembered.
I had a green chili burrito.
It was a man's man sized burrito.
It was packed with meat.
I did not need to order sides, as this was very filling.
The habanero salsa was just like Nana made back in the day.
Good stuff.
I left with a full tummy and my eyes rolling in the back of my head.
Yummy.
You have to try it.

Visited again recently.
This time I had the beef burrito.
Oh...my...god...it was GOOD!
Very good seasoning, Unlike my chicken chimi last time, no need to add anything to the beef burrito!
Also ordered was a pork (carnitas) burrito.
Use the green salsa from the salsa bar and it becomes really good too!
And we took tamales home.
Can you guess?
Yeah...they were really good!!
It's almost enough to make me wish I lived downtown.

Wow.
Amazing authentic Mexican.
Its the real thing.
No frills, super casual, just damn good food.
Theres also a Mexican grocer in the back to check out with all the real goods to take home and cook.

Why do I always feel bloated when I leave...I must always eat way too much.
La Tolteca is very good, authentic Phoenix-style Mexican Food.
The corn and flour tortillas are great, as is the green tomatillo/avocado sauce.
The meats / fish are tender and marinates are tasty.
The portions are to huge (if there is one item to complain about).
Awesome bakery too...especially the tres' leche cake.

Amazing!
Order the super nachos to go!

What can I say, Mexican food wonderland!
I had the Torta Cubana (basically everthing in teh entire world plus an egg) that was the best I've ever had, and I'm a total torta whore.
Wifey had the Chilaquiles, which were pretty spicy so beware.
They had a great looking menu and the prices were just right.
Wifey isn't crazy to come back, but I'd get that torta if I was in the area and wanted to eat until I puked...which is a compliment

They messed up our orders, they took forever, and the place is a little dirty.
It's my belief that a restaurant or business should never express their political views, which this restaurant has failed at (signage).
It was nothing too special.
Tortilla's were good!
But that's not enough to bring me back.

This place is the real deal.
No server, just order at the counter and wait for your magic number to be called.
There are so many tempting things around you to eat while you are waiting which just makes you feel like you are waiting forever.
They serve beer here so that's good to know.
If you are looking for a restaurant experience then go somewhere else.
The burritos are HUGE and the plates all come with rice and beans (this is important to me LOL) the salsas are all very good.
I will be eating here again!

The red and green sauces have a gravy taste that complements the food, as opposed to being saucy, covering the food.
I had tamales carnitas in red sauce.
The maza to meat ratio was perfect.
I actually ate the beans and rice that came with the meal.
They put cabbage on the top instead of lettuce, which made a nice crunch feel in the meal, and not just garnish.
Do not expect a beautiful sitting area.
It's a restaurant grocery bakery place in downtown Phoenix, right.
Wonderful.

Had a much better visit then 1 year prior.
My Order was ToGo.
The A la carte Taco's were generous on the meat and flavor.
Especialy the Tripa and Pastor.
The Carne asada was my least favorite.
The Chile Rellano was very nice.
The  Bakery Items that I enjoyed were the Bread Pudding, not the american style but a buttery Bar/Cake style and the sweet Potatoe filled Empanada which was a sweat soft  bread filled with autumn flavored sweet potatoes.
I will return for the Tripas Taco, Chille Rellano and the Bread pudding without a doubt.
The prices are very reasonable and there is plenty of parking in this Market style Order and wait business.
Do not go if you looking for a Nueva taco bistro or fancy setting.

This place has great fresh cooked and made mexican food.
Out of all the mexican places in Arizona (which are alot but awful) I will go back here

MUY AUTHENTICO!!
When you see los chonchos eating here, you know it's good.
I always avoid Mexican restaurants because everyone does this slap together something that's so standard and has no flavor unless you get some standard bright red sauce.
WELL NO MORE!!
My friend had a Groupon (or something similar) for this place so we went.
When you walk in, you're smacked with the delicious smoke from the FIRE-GRILLED meats they use for your meal!
When I smelled that, my anticipation was amplified.
You wander past the breads, pastries and cakes, and order from the board and take a seat.
Your order number is announced bilingually when ready.
Spartan seating, nice colorful tablecloths covered with plastic.
Worn floor tile that can take centuries of traffic.
You'll see what I mean.
I had the pastor (pork) taco plate with refried beans (slightly runny) and Mexican rice (clumpy), and I accented with selections from the free salsa bar.
The salsa bar has whole roasted jalapeños (you might need to peel some skin off) with onion slices (interesting roasted flavor), another section of veggies, then chopped onions, then cilantro, then salsas in descending heat to the right, begining with habañero red salsa on the left!
Made me sweat!
WATCH OUT, tell your friends, this is no ordinary salsa that you randomly grab and dump on your stuff.
Pico de gallo is at the right end, and the MILD red salsa is next to it.
The green salsa is DELICIOUS and mild as well.
Sin piedad por gringo: Habanero shot challenge!
2 people or more AFTER your meal.
Have ice cream ready.
Beer or water won't help.
My friend ordered two tamales, one chicken one pork, both wrapped in different leaves.
Definite authentic flavor.
We also got Jamaica ("ha-MAI-ca") which is a super sweet red hibiscus juice.
You can also get bottled Mexican beers for $1.99.
DEAL!!
Water is located on the left side of the ordering counter in a self-serve container.
Extra napkins (you WILL need them) are not readily available, you must ask for your plush paper napkins.
Makes sense, they're more expensive, not cheap fiber napkins recycled from cardboard.
There's also a small grocery area.
You can get fresh warm tortillas, a few veggies, some pork ($3.99/lb), authentic chicharones.
Super Inside Skinny: That's freshly made molé in bags at the grocery counter.
Cool Inside Skinny: 24 pack of Mexican sodas (Coke, Pepsi, Sprite I saw, but there might be others, maybe Fanta?
) in glass bottles for $16.
I usually buy them for a buck each at the gas station on the fly, but there's the real deal right there.
Works out to 66.66 cents each as you can see!
So overall I'm sold and pleased with La Tolteca.
THIS is where you want to take your tourist friends when they come.

This has to be the most ghetto and disrespectful dive I've ever been to.
I usually don't play the race card, but unless you are a Spanish speaking Latino you will not be treated well by the staff.
As soon as I walked up to the counter, a pregnant cashier rolled her eyes and asked dully what I wanted.
I couldn't pronounce the name of the combo I wanted but I blurted out the number associated with it and it had a picture.
She looked over her shoulder at one of her associates and said something.
The only words I caught were "token gringo customer.
"  They shared a giggle.
They were speaking in that half-assed Spanish that has a little English mixed in.
Suffice it to say I was offended and promptly cancelled the order.
I have not returned since then

With 4 stars on yep I was hoping for a tasty breakfast but after a long wait I got a plate of overcooked eggs, weird tasting greasy bacon, completely undercooked potatoes (how hard is it to cook taters until they are brown?
) and the toast they served tasted just like the greasy grill, terrible.
It was all really inedible as was the Menudo that my girlfriend ordered.
Disgusting.
Also people are in there at 10am drinking large beers, very weird place.
Is it a restaurant, store, bar?
Not sure..
I am sure it sucks though and I will never go back.

If you want true Mexican food at a very reasonable price, and your plate not just full, but spilling over with spicy delights, this is THE place!
I will definitely come back here!

One of the best Mexican Restaurant's!
I've been to La Tolteca more than 5 times and everytime I've been there I've been satisfied.
I love their tamales.
I always get the red beef tamales.
They are always warm and moist.
Yum!
I have tried the chicken tamales and they just aren't as good.
They used to have a meat deli on the side by the register but when i visited a couple days ago it was gone and I'm not sure why.
There salsa is great too!
I love the guacamole and the extra hot salsa.
The owner is so nice and you'll sometimes see her in the back preparing the food.
One time when our order was ready, I brought the food to our table and my mother had ordered pork tacos by mistake and she meant to say beef tacos and they went ahead and exchange her order.
I've read a couple of the comments on the breakfast and I wouldn't recommend it.
My brother didn't really like eggs but I don't think breakfast is what they specialize in.
Overall It's delicious and I will be coming back for more!

Some of the best Mexican food in the valley!
The ribs, el pastor gorditas and chicken chimichangas are some of my favorites.
The prices are also very affordable!

I went here to try some tamales and they were pretty authentic.
This place has been around since 1947, so something is good here.
For some reason, I ordered a dozen tamales because thats what your supposed to do around the holiday's right?
The beef version had plenty of beef and peas also, but sauce wasn't as red as it could be.
The green chile and cheese had whole strips of green chili and lots of masa, but Tolteca uses cheddar cheese and my preferred choice is some sort of white cheese for tamales.
Every single sauce at the large salsa bar was too hot for this gringo as the sweat started pouring out of me once safely back at my house.
The rice was good as a side dish, real mexican rice, but the fresh guac was also brimming with jalapeno's, so this was also a hot guac.
Overall, probably better tamales out there, so next time, I will just buy a couple at a time and sample.
They were $2 each, but a dozen was only $17 bucks.
Flautas looked good also for next time.

My favorite food is Mexican and this place offers some of the finest I've tasted.
I came with my family and we're all from out of state.
You'll find a lot of choices here and if you don't speak Spanish, you might get a little lost.
However, the sights, smells and staff are fantastic.
I ordered the super nachos to share.
The meat was succulent and delicious, the guacamole was some of the best I've tasted and there wasn't anything skimpy about any of the condiments on the plate.
The chips, too, were crisp, salted to perfection and fresh.
I only wished I had more room in my tummy for all of it.
I also ordered the Milaneso, not realizing it was a sandwich.
I wish I had known that because I would have asked for it without the bread.
But, it was a delicious cut of breaded beef with melted cheese and loads of iceberg lettuce.
My mother ordered the shrimp fajitas and they were scrumptious.
I would go there again any day and probably would be there regularly if I lived in the area.

A Wonder smokey mesquite smell hits you as soon as you open the door and walk in.
The price is right and the food is delicious.
I've been here 5 times and had food catered once.
If you're in the mood for Mexican food...
This place is for you.
With a large menu you have many choices.
You owe it to your taste buds to stop here.

La Tolteca is authentic Mexican in mid-town Phoenix.
Don't worry about the neighborhood.
They have a guard in the parking lot so you can relax while you savor the best Mexican cuisine in the Phoenix area.
This is a lot like the street cafes to be found in Mexico with plenty of choices.
You'll also walk through the Mexican bakery on the way in and out.
Lots of displays of authentic Mexican baked goods.

You could eat breakfast, lunch and dinner here and explore with every meal.
Food is fresh and hot and the salsa bar alone might be worth it.
Reasonable prices and quick service.
Only reason why I'm not giving it five stars is because those restrooms have got to change up - could use more than one stall per restroom so I don't have to wait on the chica putting her makeup on.
Looking for a meal you'll have to work off?
Try the LARGE nachos - naughty, naughty!

Not good.
Sorry.
I can get pass the decor if the food was good.
Keep going.
Big warehouse style with table and chairs at the end.
Some good reviews????
Must be the workers.
No Flavor unless you add the sauce (a lot)!
The server was very kind.
So close to Mexico we thought it would be a no brainer.

Today I decided to stop by one of my regular favorites.
Of course I had to rate it 5+ stars, it's been an excellent trip every time I've stopped by, and enjoyed some of the best Mexican food I've had.
La Tolteca, is an all in one stop for what you need food wise.
They have a small grocery section, to where you can even get yourself a 40-quart tamale steamer, obviously you can use it for other uses as well.
They sell masa, and anything else you would need to make your own dishes at home.
They have an extensive bakery with fresh baked goods that they are continuously bringing fresh baked goods out.
They make cakes, flan, tres leches, and many other delicious desserts, and can customize an order for you and make you anything you'd like.
They even have samples available, and of course I'm one of those guys who goes hog wild on samples :) They have a meat section too, to where you can get 1/4-whole chickens, ribs, and other meats.
They make fresh guacamole, queso fresco, and many other delights.
Their food selection is huge, and it would take me awhile just to try everything from the 5lb super torta, he super burrito, soups, breakfast items, and many other foods.
They even cater!
Today I had my usual, three mini cabeza tacos, refried beans, and horchata.
Their cabeza is the best I've had.
It's juicy, crisp, flavorful, and not greasy in one bit unlike most places that make cabeza.
The beans were delicious and moist.
They weren't dried out of pasty like you may find at some quick stop Mexican restaurants or chains.
Horchata is great no matter where you go.
Prices are inexpensive no matter what you get, and for someone on a budget like myself, it's a great deal.
You can fill yourself up on food and not break the bank.
I highly recommend stopping here and trying something new, it's not some Taco Bell so don't come in here expecting some Americanized garbage.
This is the real deal.
I know for one, I will be back, maybe to try something new, or to have some more delicious cabeza.

It's a restaurant, it's a bakery, it's a market, it's Laaaa Tolteca!
This place is fun, the restaurant has been around for years and the quality of food is still solid.
The dishes are mainly authentic, you order at the counter and seat yourself in a huge dining room.
It is not always the cleanest place but it is easy to find a table.
I love the salsa bar, so many choices and pickled veggies.
I love anything pollo grilled, and the carne asada (yes not the best in town) is flavorful and juicy.
Grab a horchata, order your meal and go by some dirt cheap pastries while you wait.

Love this place especially for Brunch.
Salsa bar, burro, cerveza friendly atmosphere.
Feels like Hermosillo.
Get some pastries to go.

Great real Mexican "street" food and such items.
Great quantity along with quality menu selections.
The decor makes you feel like you would be south of the border too!
Love  this place!
They are sit down and to go, i think they cater too.
They have a panderia along with fresh tortillas to go!

Now that they have a delivery service I love them even more!
Your great food delivered downtown Phoenix via BikeForceUS couriers is as "green" as it gets!
RideOn!!!
Love you guys :)

I dated a guy years back who LOVED La Tolteca.
Given the opportunity, he would have eaten there every day.
When he and I went there for the first time, I also LOVED it.
But I suspect that my love for the place was a bit (a lot) exaggerated given my infatuation with this guy.
Over the years, I've gone back several times.
The food is good.
It's sometimes really bad, too.
Overall, this place is consistently inconsistent.
The beans are usually runny, bland, and pretty gross, but occasionally, they're actually really quite good.
The shredded beef flautas are good - unless they are over-fried and the meat is an unchewable shredded mess.
While I find this place to be hit-or-miss, it's one of the few Mexican joints that aren't excessively Americanized, so it's worth the gamble from time-to-time.
That said, the bakery is exceptional, and one of the best Mexican bakeries in town.
The selection is huge, everything is usually really fresh, and it's super, super cheap.
The bakery takes orders for cakes (up to a full sheet, I believe) and the tres leches is really delicious.
All-around, this is a great option for solid Mexican food and really delicious pastries!

I've been to La Tolteca a couple of times with Voice daily deals.
Let me start by saying this place is not fancy, it feels like a restaurant straight out of Mexico, which is a good thing.
This place has definite high points and low points.
La Tolteca has very good cheese and beef tamales....the cheese tamales are very spicy and the beef is well seasoned and delicious and they both only cost 2$ each.
They also have a really good salsa bar with delicious salsa verde.
There are other things that are less awesome such as the carnita sopes, which don't have the same flavorful seasoning as the other items mentioned.
The strawberry tamales are really odd....not bad, but odd.
They're sweet, but not sweet enough to qualify as dessert.
Also, their carne asada burritos are pretty par.
I would recommend coming here and stocking up on cheese and beef tamales and reveling in deliciousness.

Good homestyle Mexican cooking.
This place has absolutely no frills.
It has a huge menu, as well as a small market and panaderia.
You order at the front and grab a table until your number is called.
I absolutely melt over their sopes (both the shredded beef and carnitas are delectable) and their burritos are massive.
Definitely a place with large portions.
The prices are OK for what you get, though certainly not a bargain.
Last time I went they messed up my friend's order.
They were very polite and apologetic, and fixed the problem quickly and with a smile.
Overall I love coming here.
Great Mexican food in the heart of Phoenix.

Tried this place out of the blue looking for a new lunch spot and I was impressed.
They have a huge selection of food with some fantastic smells when you walk in.
Everything is charcoal grilled and tastes pretty authentic when compared to most of the other mexican places I've been to around the valley.
Great value for what you pay, and the market/grocery store side of it is pretty interesting too.
I'll definitely come back here.

The Bakery is closed.
Sign says they are looking to open next week, and another says they are looking for a baker.
No idea how old the signs are.

This place is off the charts good, I had L.T cater my company party and everyone was in love w/ the quality food.
If you don't mind the hood then def give this place a try.
FYI- show up w/ an appetite Bc portions are big.

This place has the best street tacos in Central Phoenix.
I generally come here for lunch and order the tacos but they have lots of other great stuff.
They also have a store here where you can get soda, beer, snacks, etc.
They have a really good bakery here also.
They do all their grilling over wood and the food has that great flavor.
I sometimes get chicken and ribs to go from here and it is always really good.
This place has been in Phoenix a very long time, I know I have been coming here for over 15 years and I will keep going back!

La Tolteca is outstanding.
Passing through PHX and a friend (and frequent visitor to AZ) told me I need to stop here.
He spoke truth.
Get the chilaquiles!
Get them.
We also had tacos de papa, and caldo de camarones...the latter was awesome too, delicious broth and packed with shrimp.
The salsa bar had grilled jalapeños & habanero salsa we couldn't get enough of.
I'll be back to La Tolteca.
Five stars no hesitation.

Good authentic Mexican food and panaderia.
The price of the platters was slightly higher ($7-10  a plate) than I expected but the flavor and quality reflected that.

Soooo disappointed - been going here for years for the guacamole salsa, and tonight we find it's no longer there.
On top of that, the shrimp burro which is my all-time favorite now comes full of green and red peppers and onions and very few shrimp.
The menu does not say anything about green and red peppers, and when we went back up to the counter, we were told the menu has changed even though the changes are not noted on the posted menu and they weren't happy that we didn't like the changes.
After all these years of going there - not again!!!!

In 3.5 years I have eaten here at least 50 times.
I have never had a bad meal   To say that I love this place would be an understatement.
La Tolteca has the best casual Mexican food in AZ.
Maybe in the entire nation.
First of all everything is made in house.
Try the Fish Tacos, they are off the hook amazing and so inexpensive that they blow my mind.
Grilled Mahi Mahi, fresh corn tortillias, crema, cabbage, cotija cheese.
A winner.
The Tacos de Papa are addictive.
The Ceviche Tostada is something that I dream about.
If you are into burrito's check this place out, awesome big rolls of home cooking.
The Carne Asada is delicious and so is the roasted chicken.
OH MY GOD.
Try the Elotes, all the grilling is over mesquite charcoal imported from Mexico.
This is where I fell in love with grilled corn.
You will thank me.
The bakery is loaded with delicious sweets.
Take home a box of treats.
I love you La Tolteca.
Thank you for making my life so much nicer and saving me crom mediocre food!

This was a sadness pile on a failure plate.
I have had worse but never in a place so widely considered a treasure by the Yelping community.
From recent reviews it looks like this place is a shell of its former glory and that's sad, because the potential is there.
From my experience tonight, the rumors may be true.

What does one do when they need to grow and the neighbors are gone?
Knock down a wall and pretend nothing happened.
This is what La Tolteca has done.
The menu has no real surprises.
Burritos, and the other usual fair.
Prices are a doallr to two above other options, but you do get a scoop of guacamole with you meal.
However chips are extra.
There is a salsa bar witch also has great grilled jalapenos.
Too bad you must pay for chips to make full use of it.
The food it self was nondescript the tortilla was thick, the Chile rellno lacked the richness I had had elsewhere.
Just a note this place smells from some kind of fire grilling so you will also smell that way when you leave.

This place is outstanding.
Not in a real good neighborhood but who cares.
The menu is great.
We even get the meat alacarte to go with homemade toritillas and bring home for another dinner.
The price is inexpensive.
Everything taste great.
I am from San Diego,CA and this place almost is like I'm at home(Arizona mexican food is not the greatest if you are raised in CA.
)  I found my home

I am fan because this was the first real feel Mexican joint I have found here in town that had a wide menu and deli that I felt like I could trust.
Great menu options, had my pozole when I wanted it (which is a plus)  the wife had tripa tacos (fried tripe) that was very good.
there is plenty of dining space and a real Mexico fell to the place.
As I understand it they have been in town for many, many years.
While we did not see it, it appears that they offer items cooked al carbon in their parking lot on busier days.
We will be back.

What a sad torta, I'm not Mexican but I go to Mexico once a month and I live in LA, I had to try the Mexican food while in town... What a horrible salsa, the torta bread is not torta bread, the meat was not Milanesa and they put about two cups of iceberg lettuce

I've been here several times over the years and am consistently satisfied.
The place is shabby in a really perfect way; it's no frills, clean, grilled Mexican food that is delicious and budget minded.
What they don't spend on decor goes into making delicious pastries and entrees.
This is my go to spot when I need a lot of salsa and don't have the time or patience to make my own.
And I generally feel quite like the proud genius for my idea, and people eat what I bring to the party, then.
Win, win!

Foods great!!
Try the burrito al pastor with green enchilada sauce!!!
Atmosphere is OK but its what you would expect from traditional Mexican food place.
Would defiantly go back

I just order 2 carne asada burros and a carne asada quesadilla.. as soon as I got hm...  just the flavor of the meat.. was not there..
I called and spoke with the manager.. and got lucky enough to get my money back..   last time I will go there..  if u want delicious carne asada burros go on buckeye and 7st.. there's a little lunch truck there.. (Phx best kept Secret)  don't get me wrong.. the tortilla,and beans were good.. but the rest.. well.. in the trash

went there today @4 right after wk.. the manager took care of what happened yesterday..
I took the chance again and order 2 carne asada burros again,but told them to cook the steak in there grill(they use real charcoal!!!
) the girls told me that it's going to take 20mins extra..
I said that was fine.. sure enough.. the carne asada tasted waaaay better!!!
wow!!!!!
still needs to  improvement..

Coworkers and I frequent this place occasionally and we are never dissapointed.
Portions are huge, quality is good and prices are low.
Every time I go I fail to order the 1/2 chicken off the grill and regret it... maybe I'll get smart one of these days.

The food was good, however, 11 (and counting) of our 23 are now sick from food poisoning.

PLEASE, if anyone has recently experienced food poisoning symptoms after visiting this establishment (around June 25-27, 2014) PLEASE CALL: Paola at (602) 506-7171 to report your experience.
We do not want anyone else to become ill. 11 people from our party have already become very sick.
Thank you.

