Yesterday just before I was going to go apt hunting, my car started blowing a white smoke.
It must have been a sign that i would not like the apartments I was about to visit; furthermore it was a sign that my belts were waving a white flag.
As quickly as I got back in I called this Pep-Boys, while not all of their locations have a good reputation...this one does.
I set up an appointment, but my car was seen a couple hours before that.
turns out my car has a nasty case of H1N1, the quote was 1195.
Knowing that I couldn't spit that right out I asked what parts could wait.
The lady on the phone was very nice and told me that I only had to replace a few hoses and of course the dreaded belt.
By doing so it lowered it to 500 and something.
She felt my pain though and gave me a 10% discount..for what I don't know, but I am not going to argue now lol.
I am very happy with the service that has been provided here.
Everyone is very nice and willing to help you out.

two star knockdown because one of the gaskets that they replaced...was still leaking!
Now I have to take it back, which isn't the biggest deal...it's that I don't want to pay for having to take it back.
I have had so much better service from this place in the past...and now they let me down :( The lady who originally quoted me, wasn't there so I ended up paying 30 bucks more than she said.
Good thing I have my own personal money tree!

Why is everyone standing around?
It was a slow night and they were obviously over-staffed.
But no one was really anxious to help me out.
I was shuffled from the battery center, to the front desk, to the service center and then stood  there awkwardly while the employees made casual conversation and no one told me there was a waiting area.
I just came in to get a new battery for my car.
Kinda peeved that I paid for installation, if you can even call it that.
Autozone does it for free with purchase and I thought most places did too.
Not these Pep Boys.
I should have went elsewhere but my car needed it bad.
Oh well... live and learn.

Went there an hour ago to purchase a battery for my boss' vehicle, my boss paid cash for it and waited for the change from the employee there, but nothing happened because the employee doesn't want to give the change back to my boss.
If you do go there, DO NOT purchase anything from Veronica.
She's the most dishonest employee ever.
She acted all sweet and nice in the beginning, but later she lied about it.
Be wise about it, go shop somewhere else for better services.

My 1st visit was an oil change for my Wife and once the bill was ready  I went over the bill with them and question what the additional charges where, they took them off, but that's pretty shady.
My 2nd visit, took car in for check engine light, diagnosis was a O2 sensor, had to pay a $89 diagnostic fee up front, never had to do this before after it was all done cost were around $300 total.
Now 3rd time acceleration issues and I really didn't want to go back to them but my repair shop was closed.
So begrudgingly I did, they could not figure out the problem told me I should see my dealer.
Took the day off and took my car to my guys at Granite Reef Repair in Scottsdale, they took care of it like it wasn't an issue.
Just my opinion but Pep Boys are a shady company, overpriced and for the most part just like Sun Devil Auto repair scams..
I won't go back and I'm happy to let everyone know why.

Seriously!
I know its a slow day, but there's only one car getting service in 11 service bays, one guy working and the other four technicians are chatting, checking their phones and who knows what.
Pep Boys must be cherry picking the road maintenance crews or is now under postal service management.
It's a simple oil change and tire balance, so it shouldn't be difficult to do more than one tire at a time.
You'd think they'd want to get a customer in and out quicker.
Maybe my first clue was that they were not busy on a Sat morning, when everyone else in town had an hour wait, but now, I can see why this place is empty.
My second clue was the other bad reviews on yelp...
I would have given one star, but the guys at the front desk were helpful and attentive.
Too bad it ended there.

BEWARE!!
I had my car serviced here.
Before leaving, the Pep Boys employee who handled my payment verbally told me that my car was in good shape and had no other recommendations for maintenance, which seemed reasonable, as it was showing no signs of problems.
Following the oil change, I drove home (approximately 3 miles), where the car sat for approximately one hour.
I then drove from my home approximately 7 miles where the car engine was stopped for 15-20 minutes.
Shortly after starting my vehicle and driving less than 2 more miles, the engine temperature gauge spiked to the maximum and the engine began chugging.
I immediately turned the car off and pulled to the side of the road, in an effort to avoid any further damage to my car.
Then my car was towed to a more trusted shop across town.
When examining my car, the mechanics at a more trusted shop found that the radiator coolant cap was left off the fill neck and was lying on top of the engine.
Photos of the cap location were taken once the hood of the vehicle was lifted (cap was not moved by the trusted mechanic); including three images showing the coolant fill neck and the cap.
The other photo showed the hood liner wet from the coolant that came out.
Due to the short amount of mileage that was driven, the car thankfully became operable once radiator coolant was filled and the cap placed back on.
Based on the photos and a licensed mechanic's evaluation of my car, it is apparent that the Pep Boy's mechanic removed the radiator cap from my vehicle and failed to secure it back onto the radiator fill neck.
However, the store manager, Jae, informed me that since I drove my car a few miles "it must have vibrated off after service.
"    I may be a female, but I know that the caps have locks, AND that I have 136K miles on this car and no cap has ever "vibrated off" while driving.
Thanks for the advice.
Really.
I sent both photos, reciepts, and letters to Jae.
He was unwilling to admit any fault.
Go somewhere else for work on your car.
Hopefully there are other shops are more helpful and honest.

Teresa (Customer Service Manager) and Ramiro (Service Advisor) were so extremely helpful!
I needed two tires and an oil change before a road trip last week...
I didn't intend to buy them that night but they made me such a great deal, I couldn't say no.
They price match any offer plus 5%!
They also helped me find the best deal on an alignment so they could match it plus 5%.
After all that, they even gave me 10% off my bill and signed me up for Rewards so I could get additional discounts.
It took almost double the time they estimated which is the reason for the 4 stars instead of 5.
I've had bad experiences with Pep Boys in the past (Technicians doing work that wasn't necessary/authorized and then the Manager refusing to take it off the bill) but I feel comfortable dealing with Teresa and Ramiro.
I'll definitely come back!

Stopped by today to buy some rear drums for my car and got excellent service and attention from the manager, Jae.
It was a quickie and price was right.
He checked if he could turn my rotors for only $13.99 but they were out of spec so I bought new ones and he even gave me a 10% discount.
I was in and out in less than 10 minutes.
I will definitely drive out of my way to go to this location from now on.
They rock!

I'm not the most informed car owner out there, mostly due to my own ignorance, so I always need help when in a car parts & accessories store.
I needed windshield fluid and a few other small items and Jae was very helpful in answering my questions and finding me the right products without trying to convince me I needed anything extra and ridiculous.
The store was clean and no one was standing around when I went.
The best part is they also price match!

I walk in the store saw employee talking to a customer them he pick up phone totally disrespecful stay AWAY from The three payasos.
customer walk way with no commment.

I had my car serviced here.
I may be a female, but don't try to pull one over on me.
Go somewhere else for work on your car.
Hopefully there are other shops are more helpful and honest.

I came in to this pep boys to get a second opinion when my Honda dealership told me I had some issues with my car.
Their quote was not only cheaper than what the dealership quoted me, they had an online coupon I could use right from my phone as well to save me even more.
I brought it in on a weekend and they went above and beyond to locate the parts needed to get the job done that same day so I could drive to work on monday.
Their customer service was excellent.
I left very happy that I had taken it in for the second opinion, and next time I will save time and skip the dealership!

Had my oil changed here the other day and they were very efficient and helpful.

I was driving down the road when I felt the bumpity bumpity of my, yep dammit, flat tire.
Of course my tears started flowing, I was about to have to either attempt to put my spare on, act desperate on the side of the road for someone else to do it, call a super expensive tow truck (because I didn't even know if i had a spare) or...drive on it until I saw a tire place.
I figured that was a no-no (and as I was crying on the phone to my husband he was telling me that I would ruin the whole wheel) but i kept going and kept my fingers crossed, while firmly at 10 and 2 on the steering wheel of course.
Then, just a few feet down the road, lalalala I see a pep boys sign like a mirage in the desert.
I never realized pep boys fixed flat tires but I figured it was worth a shot and was super happy that they did!
I pulled right in and there was a small wait (probably a good thing...I may have been nervous if they had no customers) but the wait was fine and I had Facebook timelines to stalk.
The manager (I assume he was the manager at least?
) was super nice and assured me that I didn't break my car.
They were fast, affordable and most importantly, not condescending or sneaky (which I feel like I get a lot from other places).
Plus they were nice and they were THeRe!!

My car was overheating and the closest place I could think to take it was this Pep Boys.
Let's make a long story short...they quoted me almost $700 because "all of my hoses needed to be replaced" along with my thermostat and a coolant flush.
Not to mention they were going to charge me EXTRA for a warranty on the parts which is absolutely ludicrous.
After talking to a trusted mechanic (who doesn't live in AZ) I took it for a second opinion to Shadow Mountain Auto Service.
It was a bit of a drive but I made it.
After all, they're yelp reviews are nothing but raving fans.
A trusted, hard working, friendly auto business.
Not only did they quote me $300 less than Pep Boys but they told me they couldn't find anything wrong with my hoses.
It seems to me that Pep Boys DOESN'T do everything for less or even with integrity, for that matter.

I brought my 2005 Honda CRV in because the air conditioner was blowing warm air.
I made an appointment and dropped my car off there because it's fairly close to my sister's house which is where I wanted to wait.
Thirty minutes later they called me to ask approve a $48.00 diagnostic check.
No problem, I tell them.
1 hour after that they call me to tell me that my air compressor is locked up.
I ask what it would cost to fix it.
I was shocked when he quoted me $2235,00 total, parts and labor.
When I picked my car up the cashier told me that the compressor was $650.00.
The labor is what brought it up to $2235.00.
I talked to many friends who suggested I check out either Amazon or EBay for a brand new compressor then take to a local mechanic for installation.
BRILLIANT!
I purchased a brand new air compressor for my car for $115.00 from Amazon with free shipping.
I then took that up to Angel's Auto Repair and they charged me $300.00 to install and that included the freon.
I don't understand why Pep Boys charged so much but I appreciate the honesty and integrity from Angel's Auto Repair.
My air is nice and cold now!

Oh how the oil changes creep up me every time!!
Glad pep boys could be of service!
Best part is, i did a quick search on their website and found a long list of coupons!!
I love my coupons.
Service was quick and friendly.
Oil change with coupon was $24.99, not to shabby in my opinion!

Heading out for a road trip this weekend and decided to stop in to pep boys to get new windshield wipers, just in case...
The guy at the counter was very friendly and helped me get the right ones, didn't even try to convince me to get the most expensive ones which was nice.
He came out to my car and put them on for me too.
Easy, painless experience which is normally not the case when it comes to dealing with anything involving my car.
Now I'm ready for a safe ride and any weather we might hit.

I had a flat tire just happen about an hour ago.
I usually go to Discount, but they were closed and decided to go to Pep Boys down the street.
We walked in and had the best service from Don Myers.
He came out to check the tire and found out it wasn't repairable.
They are open until 8 and were booked, he even said we were the last ticket they would be taking for the night.
After pricing the tire, he said he would try to get us out in about 20 minutes even if he had to do it himself so we didn't have to wait 2 hours.
Lo and behold, he went out and changed the tire himself!
I spent almost $200 on a new tire and normally I'd be a little in the dumps about spending so much for a tire, but the service we received from him actually left me feeling great going there!
The GM (forgot to get his name) was also very friendly.
Great store, great service and I'll be going there from now on for tires/anything else I need!
If you get a wind of this Don, congrats on your graduation and good luck in CO!

Had to get my car towed and they waited after hours to make sure I got there safely.
Went above and beyond to assist me and breakdown all my options of repair.
Service rep Arny is awesome (don't know spelling) but great service!
Definitely recommend.

Very friendly staff.
Heading to a funeral they completely satisfied my problem.
I had no further problems on the road as the ran a check on my suv.
They went above and beyond my expectations with same day repair.
They know how to take care of business.
Got back on the road in a matter of a few hours

Shortly after posting this review someone from Pep Boys requested I email them about the situation at hand.
Would you guess I received NO response?!
What a crock.
Save yourself and do not bring your car to a Pep Boys Service Center!

Always been pretty good to me at the Parts counter friendly People and  Knowledgable enough to get what I need

Luis made testing and getting a new battery the easiest experience.
He was straight forward, to the point and polite.
Can't ask for more.
I plan on coming back to this location for future maintenance repairs.

I had to stop here last week when my tire went flat.
These  guys were awesome.
They fixed my tire and made sure they were all at the right pressure.
In addition, I had some minor body damage and Anthony gave me multiple options for how to fix including an option/advice for what to say if I wanted a body shop to repair.
I ended up getting some stuff from the store and car looks great.
Ken and Anthony you got me to spend $200 dollars and I walked out feeling like I got a deal.
I work in finance and I'm hard to impress but these guys were impressive.
Great job!!

Help fix what another shop ruined

Stopped by after I got a flat tire on my way home.
Pro - they patched it and it was free.
Con - they ruined my tire.
I had to get a completely new tire a few days later.

