Yet another neighborhood convenience store that does it right!
Sunshine Market is pretty darn cool.
The employees are really nice too and that is what makes these neighborhood markets so great!
SUPPORT THE LOCAL MARKETS!

I lived in Coronado for several years and my family and I frequented this place a lot.
The owners know my dad pretty well, and they are always super friendly to my brother and I.
They have a pretty decent wine selection now, since the neighborhood began to show interest in it.
They carry all the norms as far as snacks go, but then they have their selection of foods you might need but don't want to go all the way to the grocery store to get.
They also have hot pickles that I crave on a regular basis.
I don't live in the neighborhood anymore so I don't come here as often, but for the locals it's a must.
Or even if you're in the area.....

Good amount of services.
You can pay APS/SW Gas there.
You can't cash checks, however.
They have a water purifier machine outside, and Ice.
They have a deli that cuts meat/cheese, and has pre-made burgers, sandwiches, and a tamale warmer.
Decent grocery selection, albeit a tad expensive.
The owners/workers are cool iraqi folks, but they hate mexicans, which pissed me off enough to think less of them.
They say mexicans are all drug addicts.
How racist.
Other than that, they fit the good neighborhood convenience store bill pretty well.

The employees here are fantastic!
They're always friendly and sweet to me and every time I come in we throw a joke or two at each other.
They always remember what I want and have it ready for me inside when they see me pulling into the parking lot.
That is excellent customer service.
I used to live in Coronado and would come in here almost daily.
I was so bummed to move out of the neighborhood almost solely because Sunshine Market would no longer be pretty much across the street from me.
I still make the drive once a week over here to pick up and few things because their customer service is so good and they have AMAZING deals on beer.
I dare you to find a bodega in town with cheaper beer then they have.
I DARE YOU!

This place is right down the street from my home so I visit pretty often.
The employees are pretty quiet but they do remember what I want every time I go in.
They close a little early for my taste but I would too if I owned my own store.
So, if you live in the area, hit up your local business rather than the Circle K's that are on every corner.

Very happy to have this place down the street.
Employees are very nice, they have a neighborhood feeling to it.
Cheap drink prices....they really do have almost anything.
They also carry Bluebell Ice Cream!!!

Owners here are great and why not support a local business.
I try to stop in here as much as possible instead of Circle K or any other gas station in the neighborhood.
It is a convenience store, not a grocery store but they have a great selection of random items you need at the last minute.
The owners are always friendly and remember what I order which is pretty impressive.
I once bought an item there that was freezer burnt and they happily offered to give me my money back and told me to pick anything in the store I wanted for the inconvenience.
Now thats good business!

Sunshine and the guys there are awesome.
Beer on sale every week.
A little bit of everything.
Light bulbs to Mac and cheese and of course candy, beer and wine.
As a matter of fact they have a Growing wine selection.
The guys learn your name and get you in and out quick.
What more could you want.
Salem always supports the neighborhood association also which is cool as well.
Great neighborhood convenience.

They are great, they're quicker than Fry's or Safeway and have an amazing range of items.
Plus, 3.99 beer that is usually pretty good.

This place is so wonderful.
I purchased a thank you card for my sister, electrical plugs, Haagen Daz, and ground hamburger on my first trip.
My son went back and purchased a freshly made pastrami sandwich from their little deli.
Just moved down the street and this will be my go-to place from now on.
If Sunshine doesn't have it then I will go elsewhere.

I love this place.
It is right down the street from my house and I stop in there several times a week.
Everyone there knows me and has what I usually purchase on the counter before I even walk in.
Amazing customer service, great options for beer, wine and even produce.
It is so much easier and better than circle k or anything else around since it is smaller and I don't have to wait in a 20 minute line.

They have It all :) Moved into the neighborhood a month ago and from water refills, to old fashioned fuses (guest house still uses them)  sandwiches and Spicy Dill Pickles.. Yum.. everything you can think of and the nicest Employees..  Coronado is lucky to have Sunshine Market.
Love this place :)

Great neighborhood gem!
Friendly staff, fresh deli, groceries, produce, smokin deals on liqour and beer.

Is this real life?
$3.99 6 packs and $7.99 12 packs of craft beer?
My brain melted when I went down the beer aisle.
This place is bananas, a total gem.
The guy at the counter is always super chill too; best corner store in the hood!

Can't say enough wonderful things about This place The owner Salem is a gentlemen  And a half  Mark and Zack are great Guys too ...
It's my go to place in the neighborhood for everything !!!!!!

