This place has wonderful, doctors, nurses and staff!
This location is one of several offices in the valley that treats high risk pregnancies pre, post and during :)  This practice has been around for 20+ years and has had a great reputation for quailty care for many years.

Went here for our first ultrasound and I was impressed with the office, staff, and equipment.
The location is a bit hard to find as there is no signage outside, but once inside the building, you can easily find their suite on the suite locator by the elevators.
The morning staff was friendly, helpful and answered all my questions with a genuine interest to help.
She was helpful in putting me at ease.
The gal that did my ultrasound was very knowledgeable and thorough.
She was not one of those technicians that just evaluates your ultrasound without piping in with comments or facts.
I usually have experienced that at SimonMed (the technicians gather the data but say nothing to you while gathering it.. which can really be stressing since a stern look at your ultrasound can cause you to worry for no reason).
I enjoyed her company and both hubby and I were happy to have had her do our ultrasound.
The Dr. that came afterwards did no additional screening which seemed fine since we got TONS of pictures (even 3D!).
The tools are impressive and I would come here again for the same service.
I recommend this facility based on the pleasant office, office staff, and ultrasound technician staff.
MY ONLY complaint was that this business is SO busy, I basically had to beg the central scheduling office to find me an appointment quickly because their next opening was way later than I wanted... she was mildly helpful but eventually got me in to a farther location after another person cancelled their appointment.

After visiting PPA approximate 15 times over 20 weeks I'd like to give my review on them.
Summary: If you visit just once, you'll probably have a decent experience.
If you visit consistently for several months during your pregnancy the inconsistency of care and lack of communication between the doctors here is atrocious.
Good: 1) Their ultra-sound machines are top notch.
The TV screens in each room make it easy to see what's going on.
2) The ultra-sounds technicians are quick, efficient and friendly.
We've had three or four different techs and I have enjoyed every one.
Bad: 1) Wait time are atrocious.
They will tell you to come at 8:30 and won't actually see you until 9:30.
All ten visits have been this way.
Anyone can take an appointment, keeping the appointment is what's important.
Your patients work jobs.
Respect our time and see us when you promise to.
Not only that but they kick you out of the rooms as fast as possible.
This place is in and out.
My wife was having contractions every 2 minutes while they did a 30 minute Non stress test on her.
As soon as the 30 minutes was up they basically kicked her out and told her to call her other doctor if the contractions continued.
She could barely drive home and almost ended up in the hospital in labor.
2) 10 visits, 10 different doctors.
Not a single one has read our charts and all are completely uniformed.
We have to explain our baby's condition to each and every doctor and every time they are shocked by what they hear.
"You're baby has a heart condition??
" Oh my, I didn't realize.
Yeah, we've been coming here 5 months now and the doctors we're seeing still don't know who we are or why we're even there.
Our appointments have become us telling the doctors why we're there to see them instead of the other way around.
One of the worst things about having 10 different doctors is getting 10 different opinions.
Each of them will tell us what they think should happen next and a lot of the time they flat out contradict each other.
They all want to know why we're not using them to do the delivery.
Hmm maybe because I don't want some random doctor I've never met that as no idea of our history be there during the birth of our child.
3) Miscommunication.
Appointment times get mixed up and the people scheduling the appointments argue with us that we don't need to come in on certain days even thought the doctors told us to schedule appointments.
We'll tell them we need to see a doctor and get an ultra sound and then when we show up there will be no doctor to see us.
We've literally told them 10 times to stop sending records to one of our old doctors we stopped seeing and every single time we see them they ask us about the other doctor.
I can't believe how unorganized this office is and it drives us crazy.
4) Cost.
We get $500+ insurance bills every time we visit them (twice a week).
We're getting charged to sit in a waiting room an hour past our meeting time just to get a 10 minute ultra sound and then explain our condition to a new doctor who has no idea what's going on.
Summary: Visiting this office is weird and I feel like it's a complete waste of time.
I have no idea why we even visit this office but our cardiologist and OBGYN want us to keep going so we do.
I love both our Cardiologist and OBGYN but this doctors office serves no purpose other than to give us two ultra sounds a week which at least give us some piece of mind.
I have no confidence whatsoever in the doctors here.
I haven't met with a single doctor twice over 10 visits.
The ones we meet with need to spend 15 minutes with us while we explain to them what's going on.
I wish there were more perinatal "specialist" doctors in Phoenix so I could recommend somewhere else to go.

I am near the conclusion of a high risk twin pregnancy and have had an excellent experience with PPA (7th street office).
I was being seen every 2 weeks for 7 months and have found the office staff courteous, the ultrasonographers top notch (they knew the sex of the twins at week 12!
) and the physicians knowledgeable and warm.
It is true that the wait times can be long especially in the afternoon but this is a fact of life in a high risk practice where many of the patients are very complicated.
To minimize this issue i would ask for the first available morning appointments if you can work this into your schedule.
To me, modifying my schedule seemed insignificant compared with the outstanding care i and my twins were receiving.
A primary issue id like to address is the continuity of care.
This is a large practice with 10+ doctors and it is true that at time the doctor was not overly familiar with my case since the doctors do rotate among 3 valley locations.
We had no significant complications so this was not that big of an issue for us but i can see how that would be difficult for someone who had a serious ongoing medical complication and/or did not feel comfortable with the details of their own medical care.
PPA is a very large group practice with many moving parts and lack of continuity is a major weakness of large group practices as a model.
If you are not comfortable with this type of model dont go to PPA.
There are other, smaller, MFM practices out there that can give you the personal touch you desire.
I work in the medical field and felt comfortable relaying the details of my case to the physician i was seeing.
They do have your chart with them they just may not have reviewed it in detail before the appointment.
Any time i did have a question either generally speaking with multiple gestation or specific to my case they were able to answer the questions to my satisfaction.
Other perks of this practice is that at Banner Good Sam and at Scottsdale Shea (i think) they have 24 hour in house coverage.
I landed in OB Triage at Good Sam at 32 weeks with concern for preterm labor and the PPA physician on call came and spoke to me personally and relayed the information to the office for my office visit the next day.
I was impressed and relieved by this type of physician coverage.
When i give birth in the next few weeks it will be nice to know that there is already a doctor on call on the premises.
In short, PPA is an excellent choice for high risk pregnancy care if you are wiling to modify your schedule to show up in the morning to avoid wait times and if you are okay with some lack of continuity of care that in my opinion does not affect the quality of care which is outstanding.

This place is amazing and the service they provide is top notch.
Staff is very sweet and the 3D pictures you get of your baby are amazing.
The price is very affordable and if your thinking about going..... Do it!

