TASC, Inc. - Treatment Assessment Screening Center, a.k.a.
scary drug testing place at the end of my block where I had to go to pee in a cup for my new job.
I venture down to the end of my block in my suit at 8:30 a.m.; and of course, even though it's supposed to be open at that time, all the door's are still locked.
None of the doors are clearly marked, so I wander around and end up at a door marked "business" something.
The door's locked, but I look inside and see a young woman who looks at me and points upstairs.
Keep in mind, I'm in a suit.
So I walk upstairs and form a line behind another guy who's waiting in front of another locked door.
Fifteen minutes go by, and now there's a line of about 15 people, most of them in street clothes, and I'm standing there in a suit.
Great.
Finally the door opens (phew) and we all shuffle in and the receptionist hands us clipboards with forms to fill out.
I start filling out the form, but after trying to figure out why there's so many questions about my drug use, family life, and court mandates, I realize I must have the wrong form.
I walk up to the receptionist, tell her I'm from the court, and she laughes and says I'm in the wrong office, I need to go back downstairs.
So I go downstairs, back to the same door I had originally gone to, and the young woman that originally pointed me upstairs laughs and asks me why I went upstairs.
Seriously?
But it doesn't end there, because then the woman hands me a cup, and I stand there like a moron because I thought they were going to draw blood or something (and I'm not sure why I thought that).
But of course I went to the bathroom right before I left my house, so I had to leave, drive to Starbucks, grab a bottle of water and a cup of coffee, drink them both down, and then head back to TASC to finish.
And by this time, it's about 10:00 a.m. and I have to park halfway down my street b/c tons of people are there to get tested - not the nicest business/clientele to have at the end of one's block.
Still, I suppose it's got to be somewhere ....

I had to go here as a kid.
I was busted shoplifting and sent here for a day.
It was crazy, I met a guy from my highschool there and we are best-o-friends still.
(15yrs later) We were the only ones there that were not drunk, loaded, or in trouble for beating someone up til near death.

I write this review for the people who are in my position, and if you dont understand why SOME people are made to go here for petty offenses dont read this and judge because you dont understand what bullshit it is.
The people who work here are cool and respectful and I understand its their "job" to run this place, but in reality its just another stunt by the government to rob people of their money and time.
Most everyone assigned to this program cant even afford it which puts them in a even worse situation.
The goverment pulls this crap cuz they know they can and piss people off more which in turn makes most situations worse.
For the people who can relate for getting in "trouble" for the smallest thing and have to at least pay $1,500 to get something small off your record is complete shit.

If this is a place to help people it is a poor excuse.
Judges of the county court say probation officers will help you and that is because they are not under oath.
Everyones eyes that work there pass judgement on you.
They don't care about you or your situation.
I couldn't tell the people that work there from the people that are ordered to go there.
The receptionist(if that is here title) was completely rude to people as if they are supposed to know what to do.
The information paper that is to inform you about things to stay away from as far as incidental exposure to certain types of alcohol that could contaminate your u.a.
Is poorly informed.
Phone tag is a number one priority and when you do get to talk  to someone they always seem to have something better to do.
I can't believe the frame of mind that the government allows these people to represent them.
Sanitation is lacking in a big way.
They expect you to be on time yet they can't open their doors on time.
Practice what you preach and understand not all people that are there are actually guilty.
And how is it that people that have d.u.i.
And get breathalyzers can still go out and drink and get by the system and still drink.
yet marijuana offenders can't have a beer once and awhile.
Last time I checked d.u.i.
Killed more people than stoners.
Nice to know the system works.
Waste of time and of course the money.
They don't care.
End of story.
Oh and one more thing.
The hours that they are operate do not make sense.
Why would have people start testing in midday.
Don't you think most people either work early morning till five and or start a midday shift till late at night.
11 to 9?
Really?Really?
So they are there to help but only when it's convenient  for those who work there.
Come on people.
Being in that program would make anyone want to do drugs

What a horrible horrible place.
I had  DUI and was looking for an assessment to get my license back and then later to take the required classes.
I had the option of going to several counseling centers but looked at going to TASC because it is near my work.
The amount of hours that they wanted me to have was reasonable but they wanted me to participate in their color systems, the same system drug offenders have to use for their probation.
I initially signed on to it but after realizing that I would have to call every single weekday and possibly come in to pee (regardless if I was across town or not) at a fee of $20 each time.
Wow.
What a scam.
So I called to tell them that I decided to use another facility that doesn't have such ridiculous rules and the counselor/head of TASC was screaming at me over the phone telling me that I was a dishonest abuser who just didn't want to take their UA tests.
I told her, you are right.
I don't want to call every day and pay you ungodly money because I DON"T HAVE TO.
I told her that furthermore, judging by her attitude and customer service skills I can see that the only customers that she will ever have are the ones that the courts FORCE to go to them  I really feel bad for those that have to go to TASC, The staff is rude and the whole thing is a scam.
They charge ungodly money for the tests and the system requires so many random tests that, in my opinion, it is set up for people to not be able to make it or fail.
If you have a choice, DO NOT go to TASC, they just want your money and they think you are nothing but a piece of shit.
Even their head counselors are used to screaming at and demeaning their customers.
I went to a different facility where they are professional and where they test every few months at their expense.

TASC is government run tax payer funded legal extortion.
I live in Cali had a bong confiscated in AZ, no arrest, no ticket and now I have to jump through hoops to avoid a class 6 felony on my record.
FUCK AZ AND FUCK TASC

