Used this company through my appliance warranty.
They were contracted for my job by Home Depot.
The women that I spoke to on the phone were friendly and efficient.
The technician however was far from friendly and actually bordered on rude.
The service was completed adequately and my washing machine is now working.
However, it was over a week from their first service call to get it working as they don't stock the motor required to fix my GE washer.
Normally this wouldn't seem odd to me, however I have two family members that had the same problem with their GE washer and found endless Internet posts indicating that this a known issue with washers in general, but especially GE.
When I had my refrigerator serviced through the same warranty, but different service company, they had a variety of expensive parts with them on the first visit and completed the job without needing to order anything or return.
The same was true of a family members experience with this same washer.
The service company came with motor in hand and repaired the same day.
But again, it was repaired and it was repaired properly.
I was however disappointed to be without a washer for over a week and bothered by the attitude of the technician.
The job was completed and I don't expect to have any further issues, but I also won't use this service company again, even if going through my warranty.

I have a service contract on my washer.
This is the only company that comes out to my area for appliance repair, so I have no choice.
In the past I have always had issues getting things repaired within a reasonable time.
In the past I've waited 2-3 months after getting the run around from Metro Appliance.
This time I waited 2 weeks.
I didn't complain even though the repair guy promised 1 week.
I guess they are getting better.

Referred by home warranty company for service on a Whirlpool fridge.
Rather efficient I thought for this limited transaction.
They attempted to contact me at 7AM next business day after I placed service call with the warranty company offering an appointment slot that same morning.
I missed the call and didn't hear the voicemail until an hour or so later, but they still had slot available and were at the house within an hour.
To my embarrassment the source of the knocking noise coming from the fridge was just the  metal lever in the un-connected ice maker that had been knocked into the "on" position by frozen foodstuffs  - it periodically trying to gauge level of non-existent ice in tray and banging as it scraped past food blocking it on the way down,  Scheduler was polite, professional, and pleasant to speak with.
Only my housemate met and dealt with the repairman, and I have no report of negative dealings there.
Only complaint is I think they charge the home warranty customer more for the service call than they do for customers with no service contract.
The terms of the home warranty specify that the contract holder is responsible for the cost of the service call up to the $85 deductible, which becomes the default amount  - though for customers off the street, the charge is significantly less - by $20 or more - that however, may be more appropriately laid at the foot of the warranty company and the terms of the contract than this provider who provided amazingly rapid response to our self-created illusion of a problem.

This company is HORRIBLE!!
They don't know the meaning of customer service.
If you are unlucky enough to have them assigned to you from Lowes or Home Depot request another service provider.
The scheduler Julie is I must say the rudest customer service person I have had the displeasure of dealing with in a long time.
They came out and looked at my leaking washing machine and my dryer.
Said nothing was wrong.
After they tech left I found a scratch on my washing machine glass top.
This company is full of crack pots who need a reality check.
Nice job Julie!

