At first they're standoffish and a little reserved, but I think it's having to deal with some of the fussiest jewelry designers and metal artists in the Valley.
They try to assess you as you walk through the door and try to anticipate your type of personality...that's a good thing.
While it may look like a hole in the wall or a place that won't carry more than an ounce of silver, Lonnie's Inc really has so much more going for it....whether you're into enamelling or beading, this place is it.
I miss their other location out in Mesa, but that got closed down last summer.
For now, I make the drive to Lonnie's in Phoenix and each time I've gone, I've yet to be disappointed.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.

This place has a lot to offer - many different choices of jewelry making supplies.
However, the staff leaves something to be desired.
They are not overly helpful and at times have just tried to up-sell us.
I will probably start to try to find a new local jewelry making supply shop.

Lonnie's has a nice supply of materials and tools, and if you're into jewelry-making, you'll probably find something to buy there.
Unfortunately, you're gonna have to wait for it.
Service is slow, and not always friendly.
The staff generally won't look at or speak to you as you stand there waiting for the interminable line to move, and they aren't any nicer when it is your turn.
I've been there many times, and this is the case every.
effing.
time.
Service is important to me, so I only go to Lonnie's when I need something now and they happen to be open.
Otherwise, I'd rather give my money to people with manners.

Holy wow what terrible service!
I came into to purchase display items and ask one simple question which was met with not only rudeness but downright aggression.
I have been to Lonnie's before, and knew that customer service isn't exactly their forte, but after today's experience, I would drive to the other side of town to specifically NOT give them my business.

First time to Lonnie's.
Walked in and everyone looked up at me and then looked right back down.
Couldn't get anyone to answer my questions or even acknowledge me.
Lonnie himself was there and when the salesperson directed my question to him (3 times) he never answered.
They also didn't have two of the three things I came in to buy (all of which they list on their website).
They were also giving another woman a hard time about her company card, despite the woman protesting that she comes in to the store "all the time.
" VERY rude to her and I was surprised they would speak that way to any customer, especially in front of another one.
They may be a gem for some jewelry folks, but the terrible customer service ensured that I will never be back.

This is probably the largest silver supply store in the valley.
I have been there several times and each time has been the same no matter which employee you get.
At the end of your shopping trip you just want to leave ASAP because you feel like you are making them do something they don't want to do, and that comes with a big dose of bad attitude.
I have been over charged once and found it before I left, I've  been given the wrong silver item and didn't catch it before I got home and recently I've been given the absolute wrong information (by the owners wife) on a potential product purchase.
Needless to say I'm going to be resupplying my silver stock thru  the internet.
This review is based on several trips to the store not just one or two.

