This is a comfortable apartment complex in East Phoenix.
Close to Loop 202 and SR-143, the Peaks are in a convenient location to the downtown areas in Tempe, Scottsdale and Phoenix.
The complex is massive and it can be a bit confusing to navigate.
Papago Park is easily accessible from the complex, as there is a gated fence on the east side leading into the park.
The complex is clean, modern and safe, has lush landscaping and multiple amenities.
The Peaks is home to several swimming pools, volleyball courts, a car wash, gym, grills, racquetball courts, a convenience store and more.
The rent is quite reasonable as well.
On the downside, it does tend to attract some of the ASU crowd and for that reason can get noisy during the Fall or Spring semesters.
Although it's in a pretty convenient location, it isn't in a walkable neighborhood, as you will still need to drive to get to the nearest grocery store, pharmacy, restaurant or entertainment facilities.
The light rail line is nearby, but the nearest stop is roughly a 20-minute walk to 44th Street and Washington.
In sum, I would recommend living here as it is very cozy, set in a convenient location and many of the complaints I've read about these apartments seem rather antiquated.
I've had no problems with the leasing office and no problems with the actual apartment.

I have lived in this complex since June of 2009..
I chose it because of the descent prices and proximity to work.
Generally I would say I have been pleased with living here but the longer I have stayed the more learn and the more I want to move out.
Things I learned after moving in or since: the store owner of the internal 'market' was murdered a couple years back by a tenant.
Within he last year a female tentant was raped mid-day by two indivuals, two different instances of tenants dying from drug overdose, 11 first floor apartments were broken into in a month and had their flat screen tv stolen  A friend of mine had his computer stolen from his car while parked right in front of a security camera.
The front office has not been helpful or concerned about this.
Their initial response was that 15 new residents were moving in and they would not get to the tapes... a couple days later they stated corporate would have to review the tapes.
It has now been almost three weeks and they still have not contacted me regarding any of this..
I realize theft is a problem every where.. but they clearly don't care about my concerns.
Other (Non-safety) issues:   Pool maintenance..
The pool near my unit was shutdown by the city for the majority of the year last year.
All winter the pool was shut down the the point ducks moved in..then in the peak of pool season they finally drained it to re-tile and make repairs.. but the time it was open again pool season was nearly over.
Other pools are frequently dirty, without operable chairs, or the key to enter has been changed.
Lights: Many of the lights around the complex are burned out or broken..
The light by my unit is out, it was replaced a couple months back and burned out almost immediately..
I am specifically not calling to report it to see how long it takes for a repair.
Cleanliness: Many of the tenants, (myself included) have dogs.
There have been periods of time where everywhere I look there seems to be dog poop and all the bags to pick it up are gone.
I have also noticed a lot of the tenants toss chicken bones into the grass and bushed around the grills.
I have seen trash/dead birds/grass clippings/vomitt left for days at a time.
Oh and if you choose to move in and then wish to leave.. you better save up if you want to break your lease it is going to cost you BIG TIME

I lived at the peaks for about 3 years and it has been an overall positive experience.
The apartments are good value.
They are reasonably priced for what you get.
I lived in the 3 bedroom apartment which was large and comfortable.
The grounds are well kept and have racquetball court and beach volleyball court.
The basketball court is nice as well (although sometimes without a net).
There is some crime in the complex but nothing ever happened directly to me.
Twice in three years I saw more than one cop car at the same scene.
The complex is centrally located and only 5 mins from the airport, Arcadia, ASU -tempe, and Scottsdale.
I would recommend this complex to anyone on a budget who is looking for good value.

La maison

After reading a ton of poor reviews online , I figured I'd write one on yelp to get the ball rolling & the truth out there...
This place is actually a wonderful place to live.
The units are beautiful, the grounds themselves are always well kept and the property management company is beyond helpful.
I've had a couple service orders and they've had the maintenance men at my door within the same day.
They repaired & replaced things with no questions asked.
The rent is super cheap too considering the location .
The complex is just a few miles up the street from Mill ave & just a few miles down the street from Oldtown.
If you pay your rent on time, then there shouldn't be any issues with this apartment complex and the great property management company that's running it.
... Just a tip though .
Try to not get a unit that faces the east or west.
... Oh and I forgot to mention the extra large gym they have.
It's honestly the best gym I've ever seen at an apartment complex.
I even cancelled my gym membership at Gold's and still able to get in every single exercise that I was doing there.
Absolutely no complaints here!
Best bang for your buck!

Horrible apartments... Don't let the outside appearance fool you!
I originally started renting here when it was the peaks at papago park and everything was great, when they switched management to red mountain villas things went downhill.
Take a good look around the complex and you will notice several empty apartments for good reasons.
In the two years I lived there 4 different families moved in and out next door because of decline in management.
The new management kept charging and reversing late fees, weren't responsive to calls, and entered our apartment without notice or consent...yes that really happened.
After move out they are trying to charge for carpet replacement when we didn't have any damage...we even had a walk through and the person said we didn't need to fix anything...now we have a 600 dollar bill!
Needless to say...don't rent here.

Landscape is nice, people up front are retarded new hires that have no idea what they are doing.
Apartment are all different so there is no flat rate, esp on 2 bedrooms.
People don't pick up after their animals which is gross!
Other than that no problems in the first 4 months.

We have been living here for 6 months now, and we like this place.
Grounds well kept, management/offices personal kind and helpful.
We have called maintenance three times and the 3 times we had the issue solved on the same day.
It does have some drawbacks, which are not great deal to us, but that make it only a four star:  1) Walls are on the thin side, so you can hear the neighbor's bathroom (and they can hear you)  Strong stepping is also heard  2) Issues in common areas (gates, gym) tend to be fixed slowly.
One aerobic machine has been broken since we moved in, and has an advertisement 'Out of order till next Tuesday' It doesn't state the month or the year, though :)  Gates have been properly working on and off during this six month period  3) I have not seen once that everything works properly at the same time in the common areas :)  (In the Gym,they fix a machine-the clock stops working.
They fix the clock-the TV breaks down.
They fix all that-the gates do not work properly)   Ok this belongs to number 2 above :)  These are not mayor problems for us, however, it is understandable that some people may not like this situation.
Nice community overall.
Did I mention it has 6 pools?

This complex is not interested in customer service.
They do nothing to retain residents, just keep raising rent and lying to you.
They say they are97% full but are not even close.
They send renewal notices and when you go in to address renewal options, they do not even agree to what they gave you in their written notice.
Locks for pool gates have been broken for well over a year and never replaced.
Maintenance issues are neglected or given a "duct tape" repair.
This facility wants immediate money and will fine you for anything, charge you for everything when you move, and do nothing to retain you - except raise your rent and lie to you.
Class C property with poorly trained staff and an ownership that is clueless on property management.
HUD would love for all resident complaints to come to them, as management violates many Federal laws.

I have lived here for almost 2 years.
It's been one ridiculous thing after the other.
They forgot to charge is for our pets- we called to remind them we had pets- twice!!
No-one ever returned our calls.
Months later they back billed us for- guess what?!
You got it!!
Our pets!!
When our lease was up the first time (should've taken the opportunity to run for it!
) they harassed us daily about re-signing a lease.
The lease renewal letter they gave us had the incorrect date on it that our lease was up.
I called to talk to them about it- no call back (I called 4 times!
Christian the office manager is a half wit!
) I finally went in to talk to someone in person.
Their response?!
The administrative error of the wrong lease end date was my issue, they are not responsible.
We were trying to decide if we could move and to where and ran out of time to decide due to the office error and signed a new lease (for 6 months) as a last resort.
Our hot water heater sprung a leak at 3 am.
Our neighbor called it in (leaking through to their apt); maintenance shows up, has to replace the hot water heater and left the old one on our stoop by the front door for days.
I called the office 3 times to see when it would be removed- without any resolution.
I came home from dinner later in the week to find the hot water heater gone and a letter from a lawyer stating that I had been "served" with an eviction notice for having trash on my stoop!!!!!!
First off- you have to "serve" someone legal documents in person, not shove them in the door AND the papers weren't even signed by anyone!!!!
I was FURIOUS!
I forwent the option to call and went into the office- pissed!
Christian was on vacation and he was the only one I could speak to in regards to my issues.
I asked for his return date and called him everyday for a week after with no call back.
No one ever called me back- Obviously!
and I am still living here, so needless to say the letter was complete bullsh**!
I am so sick of this place!
The view of Papago and the golf course is gorgeous but I will be getting the hell out of here as soon as this lease is up!
Do NOT do it to yourself!!
Horrible horrible property management!!

First of all the person below me who is the only one who wrote a positive review either is office staff or just does not live in the complex at all.
OFFICE STAFF OFFICE STAFF OFFICE STAFF.
Just terrible, rude, and to be blunt most are just unintelligent.
Sure they are nice to you upon your initial arrival...until you sign the lease.
I have lived here for almost 2 years now and have nothing but issues with the majority of the rude and less than intelligent office staff.
Sure the apartments area decent priced...due to the low price it does allow less than desirable tenants.
(putting it as nicely as possible) The maintenance is fine, and the grounds are pretty well maintained, decent pool areas and work out area (Not even close to the work out equipment at Gold's, as one review states) I just cant say enough about the poor customer service and property management...DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!

Unfortunately I would have to agree with all the previous comments concerning customer service.
There are a FEW employees who actually do care about the residences, but overall the staff could care less.
There is supposed to be a safety/security officer you can call after hours if there is a noise complaint or any suspicious activity, etc.
They are totally hit or miss whether or not they even answer when you call.
Maintenance took FOREVER to go through.
Luckily we never had any major repairs.
Literally half our building was unoccupied by the time we moved out.
Tells you alot about how people felt.

Do not rent here.
Staff in the front office is horribly rude.
They don't care about their residents at all.

I don't know why people are giving such bad reviews.
It's a very nice complex.
They take pride in it looking beautiful.
I personally love how quiet it is there.
Everyone respects the quiet hours, especially with the amenities being open 24hrs.
They are also reasonably priced.
The front staff has been nothing but helpful every time I have called or went in.
And maintenance is very timely.

Gotta love when you call the office to ask a question and they act like your interrupting their day!
Glad we moved out!

I am redoing this review.
Before I gave them 1 star because of the staff.
Well let me continue with my dissatisfaction.
If I could give them ZERO STARS I would easily.
My dryer HAS NOT WORKED since I moved in.
After having maitnence come out MULTIPLE TIMES they are still saying there is nothing wrong with it.
They can and will get you in trouble for anything.
Makes me feel like they're "big brother" watching over you.
So many people I have talked to are having similar issues.
There are so many empty apartments due to the fact that this is A TERRIBLE COMPLEX.
yes it may look good from the outside.
Just don't wait until you live here for months.
It only gets worse.
They have issues with the LEASE.
My lease started July 1st.
Now they are saying I cannot get out of my lease until JULY 31st!!!
That is 13 months when I signed a 12 MONTH LEASE.
Awful awful awful place to live.

If I could give this 0 stars I would.
I have lived here for 2 years now and cannot believe the terrible service that they provide to their residents.
I have had to ask multiple times for the closet in my guest room to be fixed (it is now broken again because they didn't fix it properly the first time.
They never admit that they missed something the first time and I had the same problem with the guest toilet.
Their website for paying rent is terrible.
Why would I only want to pay for the utilities instead of the entire bill?
Thanks to their system that doesn't understand what "full amount" means, they were trying to charge me late fees when I have paid my bill in full and early every month for 2 years.
Their office hours are so terrible that I couldn't even talk to them when they finally delivered the message and had to wait until 10am on a weekday when most normal people are at work to try to talk to someone.
I would NEVER recommend this apartment to ANYONE.

