This hospital has gone through some changes over recent years but, one thing's for certain, the staff's dedication and commitment to the healthcare and advocacy of those people and communities served is inspiring...keep up the good works!

A great hospital all around.
The educational team has strong affiliations with the Mayo Clinic and the University of Arizona.
A great place to train wonderful doctors.
Each patient is treated with respect and compassion.
The doctors, nurses, and support staff all have a role in making this hospital what it is.

Ah, I can't seem to get away from you Maricopa Medical Center.
You are like a venereal disease.
I was born here, I was diagnosed with childhood cancer here, and I interned here.
From a patient standpoint, this is a training hospital so it sucks to not have a regular nurse.
I will say that they have the best burn clinic in the state but they also failed a JCAHO survey in 2007.
Still what do you expect, I can't speak for all wings but the 6th floor pediatrics has some of the best nurses ever.
Not all but pretty much most, maybe because they work with children.

I had a friend in the Emergency Department last month.
I can only say they should have admitted a friend of mine immediately but they didn't.
I am going to say nothing more about that experience.
I want to give an immediate five stars to Dr. Hurowitz of the Medical Sub specialty Clinic.
I will also give those five stars to the young gentleman at the front desk of said clinic.
I will edit this review to give that person's name and the name of a person from another department at a later date.
Why five stars to these people?
My friend was truly suffering from an acute flare up of rheumatoid arthritis.
When I arranged with the front desk to get a wheelchair stat the next day, it happened.
Dr. Hurowitz spent ten minutes with my friend and had her in a hospital bed forty five minutes later.
It was heartening to see a physician recognize that a fifty eight year old woman who could hardly walk and was swollen to about three times her body size all over had a real problem which is more than I could say for the ED Department.
On top of that, Dr. H showed an incredibly compassionate attitude in working with my friend, Mary Lou, and believe me she needed it.
We have been back to the clinic after Mary Lou spent five days in the hospital and had what seemed, every test know to man run on her and was seen by  as many Dr's in every area.
He is realistic enough with her to say that my friend's condition is unusual and there is more work to be done.
With both agree, that with a specialist like Dr. Hurowitz, what needs to be done will eventually occur.
He's that type of physician.
There is something to be said to having your care at a teaching hospital.

Stay away from this medical center unless you have plenty of time and don't mind having your credit ruined.
My insurance company paid them and I paid my copay for one office visit.
So far I've wasted two hours proving the $100 office visit has been paid in full 8 months ago.
They are now telling me I have 10 days to pay $206 (instead of the $100) or they will send this to collections.
Anyone know of a good attorney?

I am on my third day stay here for a kidney infection and aside from my illness and pain and all that jazz my stay here has been really great.
I am on the 6th floor and the nursing staff has all been such a delight, my room (after being moved my first night) is above adequate and the food, from what I've had, (just got switched to solid foods today) has been great as well.
Keep up the great work you guys!

