Jeff and his assistant manager (cant remember her name) were seriously f-ing awesome.
The customer service is A+ in my book!!
The next time I am in need to rent a vehicle....I AM COMING TO THIS ENTERPRISE!

OK, so let me start by saying I have been renting cars for years, all over the US and Europe.
Let me also say I always have used my debit card as I do not use a major credit card for anything now, its part of my "keep it real and keep it liquid" approach.
That said, renting a car in Arizona is a HUGe pain in the %#!*&!.
I had all but given up when I discovered the SUPER simple, no hassle debit card rental program at the Enterprise location on 44th Street & Thomas Road in Phoenix.
The staff is amazing, fast, efficient, took all my necessary info (you do have to provide some extra proof of income but its painless) and within 15 minutes I was in a great car for the weekend - no problems, no issues just a great group of people looking to make sure I had a good experience renting with Enterprise.
I will always work with this company and always rent from this location while working in Phoenix - its rare to find a hassle-free anything these days and this team is the best ever!

Made reservations months in advance and no car was available.
Screwed up the whole first day, as it was dedicated to finding a replacement.
Had to go to the Sky Harbor for a car but almost three times the cost.
They had many cars there and we had to rent one there, which leads me to believe that there was some type of bait-and-switch here.
One of the supervisors helped us out a lot in receiving a discount, but that was too late.
This place was unreliable and when you need to be at an important occasion, you can't rely on them here.
A man at the hotel the first night had reservations too.
The next morning, he missed his appointment after they told him he was set.
Nice, nice people, but the service left a lot to be desired.
I gave them two stars only due to the girl behind the counter had tried her best.
It wasn't her fault.
The decisions were made above her.

