I love this complex!
The staff is excellent; they are friendly and responsive to my issues but not overly fake, invasive, or trying to create that false sense of community that never exists in a complex of hundreds of different people.
The grounds are very maintained and they respond very quickly and appropriately to maintenance calls.
The only reason I gave them 4 in stead of 5 stars is because of a minor problem that exists.
The walls between units are thin.
Even with quiet neighbors I can hear loud conversations, movement, music, pipes running water.
I don't mind the noise so much, the neighbors are fairly quiet around my unit, but if I had louder neighbors it might make for a terrible experience.

Arcadia Cove is a very nice place because the grounds are well kept, the buildings are modern and the apartments are spacious.
Though it is well maintained, it is not well managed.
They should change their names to Arcadia STOLE.
I lived there for two years and I have experienced nothing but being nickeled and dimed to death regarding my lease.
Every so often I'd get a letter on the door about an incorrection or price jump on my lease.
And this is after signing a year lease.
If you want to live there you have to ask specific questions about the lease.
I have asked questions but their explanations might as well have been in French.
For example, one of the many times, I got a letter giving me a credit for some shady reason and the very next month they took it back for some other shady reason.
Their reasons are never clear.
And then before I moved they sent a letter stating that I needed to vacate the premises no later than March 30th even though I knew my lease ended on the 31st.
So, I followed directions and turned in my keys on the 30th.
When I got my "security deposit" explanation back, I noticed that I was charged $26 for leaving the apartment a day early.
I called and the customer service manager, Aaron, was a hair short of being completely rude on the phone.
And this is a man whom I've chit chat with in his office for an hour one time.
He told me that I did not honor my lease and I reminded him that someone in his office post that letter to my door and I'm being penalized for his/her mistake.
He corrected me by saying, "you're not being penalized, you're being charged.
" Say what?
Then he proceeded by adding, "even if you were to take it to court, all the judge would see is that you didn't honor your lease.
"   By the way, after they nickeled and dimed my security deposit, I got $12 back.
If you want to live there, don't just lock your door, lock your wallet too.

I initially loved living at Arcadia Cove but that soon changed.
The BRE staff was always attentive and helpful when I had a problem and maintenance was prompt with all requests.
The complex was recently sold to MEB Management and things have gone downhill.
The new staff acts like I am bothering when I come to the office to pick up a package or drop off my rent.
The last office visit I had the office staff chase me down to my car to confront me if I had paid my water bill yet this month.
I had paid my water bill and she would have seen if she had looked at my account instead of coming after me in front of future tenants.
The units themselves are spacious and laid out well, the downstairs apartments have wood laminate flooring to give them a modern feel.
The main problem is the walls are VERY thin.
I can hear conversations from my downstairs neighbors like I was in their apartment.
I have had to call the courtesy patrol numerous times because of neighbors playing their music and movies so loud it shook the pictures off my wall.
The pipes also make so much noise that I wake up most nights from my neighbor flushing their toilet.
I live in a one bedroom and usually pay between $25-35 a month for water/sewer/trash.
I understand they use a calculation of building occupancy vs total property water usage but this is more than I have ever paid even when I lived in a 2 bedroom.
Between the thin walls, rude new front office staff and that the total cost to rent is getting pretty high, I will be looking to move elsewhere when my lease is up.

I love living here.
I am just about to renew my lease and thought I should check the area just to be sure..nothing compares to these apartments.
The apartments are laid out nicely, priced very competively and well maintained.
The staff is professional, nice and always make me feel important no matter how trivial the issue may be.
The apartment was so clean when I moved in I could not believe it.
I have not lived in an apartment for 10 years and I want to thank Arcadia Cove for making my living experience very enjoyable.
Very safe, quiet, clean, and pretty.

This place is an absolute NIGHTMARE.
Also, disregard any reviews from prior to June/July of 2012 as this complex was under different management back then.
I lived here for 3 years under BRE and almost always loved living here.
Ever since renewing with the new management, MEB, last year I've been miserable.
I was looking to upgrade from a 1BR to a 2BR and was instantly offered a great location in the complex with promise it was fully upgraded at a specific price (by Tomas).
Two days later I got a call from the front office telling me I actually could not have that apartment as they had also offered it to someone else... and they would be giving it to the other people, not me - without explanation to why.
They, however promised to find me another location.
When the new location was determined I got a call but was told I wouldn't be able to see it until 10 days prior to my move in as it was currently occupied.
The manager, Pam, promised that the unit was FULLY upgraded with a fireplace and new cabinets and laminate floors.
I was nervous to wait until so close to my move date but I  still trusted the new management group as they seemed eager to keep me in the complex.
HUGE mistake.
On my tour through the unit it was a disaster.
The floors were stained.
There was a terrible infestation of ants.
The cabinets were so old and disgusting and the entire kitchen was so filthy it actually smelled.
Even Carolyn (who was showing me the unit) seemed disgusted.
At this point my current apartment was completely packed and ready to go only to now be told there were no acceptable, livable apartments in the complex for me to move in to.
I was in a tight spot - I had very little time to look for another place to live and had to be traveling for work for the next 3 weeks.
I felt stuck and dependent on the management to find me another location in the complex.
I finally received a call from Pam that another location would be available for me to view and make a decision.
When I came to view it Pam pawned me off on Carolyn to show me the unit (it was more important for her to go to lunch than to diffuse an already messy situation).
Carolyn pleasantly obliged.
The unit, to my surprise, was much cleaner.
The carpets needed to be replaced which she assured me would happen.
The cabinets were not upgraded and were stained as were the counters and the rent was higher than originally discussed.
We reached an agreement to bring the rent back down if I didn't make them upgrade the kitchen (as usual, I got the raw end of the deal).
When I viewed the unit I pointed out the loud noise coming from the apartment above me and mentioned that I would not be able to put up with that even during the day as I often work from a home office.
I was told they would notify the neighbors someone would be moving in below so they were more conscientious of their noise.
After moving in I filled out the extensive "pre-existing problems" sheet with items that included overly patched walls, obvious flood damage on the ceiling as well as near the sink, scratch marks in the laundry room (even though I was assured this unit was previously pet free as I am VERY allergic to animals - again I let it go as the carpets were replaced and I just did a deep clean when I moved in), stained counter, stained cabinets, stained refrigerator, stained showers, rusty washed and dirty/damaged dryer.
When I turned it in they made no offer to come correct any problems (something the previous management did when I first moved in to my first unit).
The upstairs neighbors were never quieter than the day I saw the unit and were often MUCH louder.
They played loud music, they dropped cigarette butts off their balcony onto mine, they threw garbage and food over their balcony.
Every time I complained I was promised action that never seemed to come.
At one point, after calling security on their loud noise after 2am I heard the security guard tell them it was "the neighbor downstairs complaining".
This began the retaliation - my assigned parking spot is located far from my unit and every time I was walking back to my door they would sit on their balcony calling me vulgar things and spitting and pouring drinks over the balcony as I walked by.
I reported this to no reaction from management as well.
I later found out the unit above was housing 5 people although only 1 was on the lease - meaning no other adult had been background checked  for a criminal history.
As a woman living alone I became more concerned.
I pushed harder for them to take action and in turn manager Pam offered to "let" me break my lease at no charge - she tried to push me out instead of dealing with the real issue.
I pointed out that is MEB wanted to break the lease they would be legally obligated to abide by their terms just the same and that they wouldn't be doing ME the favor by trying to force me to leave and pay to try and move again.
She relented and 5 months later the neighbors above me finally moved

After repeatedly trying to contact Pam following her response I received no effort of a reply.
Both times I spoke to Donna and either she did not pass on my message or Pam choose to not respond.
Either way, my previous post seems to be justified.
Following frequent incorrect pieces of information provided from the staff (and some outright lies) I have no choice but say STAY AWAY FROM ARCADIA COVE!!
The costs are going up and the staff is becoming more impossible to work with, Specifically Donna who feels no need to follow through on anything her staff says to the residents.
Obviously Pam is not regularly available for anything other than writing phony concerns on Yelp.
Recent increased fees and changes in policies without proper notice (dating notifications up to 2 weeks prior to actually delivering them) are out of control and somehow legal through manipulations of information provided in the lease.
This property has become and absolute disaster.
I recommend looking anywhere that is NOT ASSOCIATED WITH MEB!!!
Also - DO NOT read their website reviews - they only put up reviews that recommend the complex and completely disregard all others.

I wanted to come back on yelp and give a great thanks to all of the staff at Arcadia Cove..I quite literally have been a pain..lol.
I just moved from one unit to another that is renovated and there were some issues..following my move in write up Pam, Donna, Carolyn, and Tomas have been kind and attentive.
The maint.
crew Roy and Jim have addressed every issue..keeping me up to date and making sure things are taken care of.
Thank you for making living here so nice:-)

