Walgreens is Walgreens:  they have stuff you need and it's convenient.
I want to write this to warn you of the growing homeless population that seems to live outside of this location.
I honestly feel bad for people that are stuck in this situation but begging just makes me feel uncomfortable.
Not a day goes by that I shop here and am pestered with requests for money.
The thing is that I don't really carry cash ever so I feel bad for not having any but also feel violated for being requested to shell out my hard earned cash to someone that is setting up camp outside a drug store and speaking low and incoherently and walking towards you and your car.
Gives me the creeps.

Walgreen's=crap.
This particular location has me convinced to avoid Walgreen's altogether for matters of convenience.
Poor service in the pharmacy is common.
This is strange for a place that was built around the pharmacy business.
Pharmacists here=decent people.
The pharmacy techs=overpaid, spoiled pains-in-the-asses.
They consistently act as if they're doing you a favor by filling your prescription for you.
The vagrants here are also a problem  Just drive to new CVS down the street or wait until real stores are open for convenience purposes.

Unfortunately this Walgreens, for pharmaceutical purposes, is lacking in the "customer service" area entirely.
It is the most conveniently located drug store to both my house and my doctors office, however I would much rather drive the extra few miles to not have to deal with the head ache that come with this one.
I spend about 25 minutes in the drive through the other day, and there was only one car in front of me.
When I order my refills online they are almost never ready when I ask for them to be.
The abundance of homeless people meandering outside is obnoxious to say the least.
You eventually get what you came for, but go elsewhere if you want to get anything done in a timely manner.

If it wasn't for the bums outside the store EVERY time i go in there it would be a lil better.
but seriously.
come on!
there goes not one day i find a bum asking me for a dollar or some change.
I'm sorry i work to hard for my money to just hand it over to you to go buy a tall can.
i avoid this place at all cost unless there is nothing else in the area.
(walmart on thomas and 36th st but thats in a different review lol)   do something about the bums and ill consider coming back to your store

I was so impressed by the wonderful service.
I think the store was crowded because today they were offering a discount to seniors.
But the staff handled the rush very well.
This is not my  neighborhood Walgreens.
I stopped in after a class at Devonshire Senior Center and was amazed by the staff.
The manager was up front.
very welcoming.
directing the staff.
checking the outside of the store.
A clerk, Jesus, directed me to the right isle and when I was checking out, he asked if I found everything.
I described the one item I did not find and he went back and found it for me.
very polite.
This was about two in the afternoon and the parking lot was free of pan handlers.
I would guess that there is new management  at this location and that people in the neighborhood should give this place another try.

A fairly decent Walgreens.
This location did not carry as many items I have found in others, but everything was organized and clean.
The employees were helpful and friendly.

