Finally, an auto repair shop that I can trust!
I have been taking my car here for a while based on a recommendation I received.
I always feel confident that they are being honest with me and I always receive excellent service.
It doesn't  hurt that they leave a piece of candy in my car when I pick it up :-)!

We have traditionally taken our vehicles strictly to the dealerships for any type of repairs.
Recently my wife found a coupon for Dean's in the ValuPak.
She convinced me to give them a try and we are glad we did.
She celled them to talk about to schedule an appointment.
When she got off the phone she just couldn't stop raving about their customer service.
That was just the first call.
The following day we dropped the car off to them 15 minutes before they opened for the day.
Again, great customer service.
The great customer service just kept consistent through our entire experience.
Their quality of work has been great and they don't try to push repairs on you.
I didn't use it, but I understand that they offer a shuttle service.
Since writing this review I have received a phone call from them making sure that I was satisfied with their service and received a thank you card in the mail.
They continue to impress me.
When was the last time you got that level of service from anyone?

I went to Dean's Auto Repair for a 2nd opinion on my car.
I had two areas I was told needed repair.
The second was quite expensive to fix, that is why I saught a second opinion.
I am so Happy I did.
Dean's did the check and found one area needed fixed and repaired it at a reasonable price.
The second and most expensive, was not a problem.
Thank you so much for Honest and Good Service.
I know I will be taking my car back there for all my repairs.
They have great Oil Change prices and a percentage off your service for referring a friend.
All around great family feel place.

Brand new to AZ, the process of finding a new mechanic can be a little slice of hell.
Luckily, I found Dean's on Yelp and the three good reviews had me heading over there to figure out what was wrong with my gas tank and gas gauge.
Right away over the phone, I was given the rundown that the estimate is free and they would even shuttle me back to my place while the process unfolded.
When I arrived at Dean's, there were several older women waiting for their cars to be fixed and they were telling me that this place has been around for over 50 years and they have been bringing their cars in for decades to get fixed which was comforting.
There are photos on the wall of years gone past and that says they have been doing something right.
As for my car, Grant found a way to get into my tank through the trunk saving several hours in labor costs and also identified other parts I needed as he figured out my problem.
My car was bought used so i didn't know it needed a new battery and fuel filter, which I am glad they discovered.
I was kept mostly informed of the timetable for my repairs and even though my vehicle had the worst case scenario (Fuel pump), it was easy to be impressed with the detail-oriented mechanics (calling all over for best price on parts and breaking car talk down to the basics), friendly front-desk people and long-time customers who keep coming back which now includes me.

I purchased a used Jaguar XJR, and needed to find a service location to maintain my car.
I did not want to utilize the Jaguar dealer, as there is only one in the valley and it is not convenient to my location, and I already knew I was buying a super-car, and repairs, when needed, would be pricey.
I didn't want to add a dealership premium on top.
I found Dean's using Google and I read the reviews I could find both here on Yelp and elsewhere.
All of them were stellar.
I gave them a call to schedule my first oil change and to get estimates on some other services I thought I might need.
These included brakes, belts, and some possible transmission work.
When I arrived, Bobby the manager immediately set me at ease.
I was apprehensive about seeking out service on this type of car from a non dealer shop, but that was instantly gone once Bobby started talking about my car.
It was obvious from the get go that he was knowledgable about the marque and the model.
He went over the list I had brought of areas that I thought I might need to have service and basically told me I didn't need any of it.
My brakes did not need replacing, in fact they were quite new.
I didn't need any belt replacements or transmission service.
Besides the oil change I had come for, the only thing I actually need was an air filter replacement.
Noah did the work on my car, and he is just fantastic.
He admitted he was a Jaguar fan, and I felt like he would take care of my car as it were his own.
He checked the car over, and gave me some tips and pointers on things that I could expect being a first time Jaguar owner.
He also took the time to buff out a scuff I had unfortunately given her on one of the passenger doors just after I bought her.
I certainly didn't expect that they would offer to do that.
That was very much appreciated.
The entire time I was waiting for my service I was engaged in some friendly chat with the receptionist.
We talked about her cars, and she went over the history of the dealership.
Everyone was just incredibly friendly.
I never felt like anyone was interested in squeezing anything extra out of me.
Quite the opposite in fact, as I previously mentioned they honestly told me that I was not due for services I had come prepared to schedule and pay for.
I feel like I have found a very knowledgable, friendly team of folks who are just interested in helping me enjoy a car I am incredibly excited to own.
Thanks Dean's!

I have complete confidence with this shop.
Super knowledgeable and were quick and friendly.
I took my truck to them for a second opinion and they found that the "recommendations" from the other shop were completely untrue.
I saved over $700 by having them do the work and not the first overpriced shop.

Do not go to DEANS auto repair unless you want to waste half your day and receive a bill you pay to get your car back that is a poor opinion of  what needs to be repaired.
What a joke this place has the b**** to charge $135 to open the hood for a few minutes and sit on the car for an hour and call you back to say you need to clean out your gas lines, and that will be $445.
After you pay the 135 for diagnosing nothing, we will subtract that from the $445, what a deal.
I went there to fix the problem and I was specific at what was wrong, so it was a shock to find out they did nothing.
They could have been honest and said it will cost you $135 for us to just look at it and then you can decide if you want to gamble with us actually doing any work.
I believe they are crooks.
Never will I go to Deans auto joke.

