I love this place!
Cheap, super accommodating and friendly staff-plus they do a great job.
They only take cash and English is rarely spoken but where else can you get a detail for under $50?

Awesome family owned carwash that you just can't beat.
The family atmosphere is great and you can tell they really value their customers.
Most of the customers you can tell are repeat.
Cash only, but you can't beat the deals.
Awesome details and handwax specials.
Provide TV's to watch while sitting in a massage chair as your vehicle is taken care of.
No place in the Phoenix area can compete.
If you show up at the right time you might even meet a couple of ball players from the Cardinals.

Never had a car detailed before, but my car was nasty.
My brother blows snot rockets in the passenger seat, I spill food and drink all over it.
I throw my mountain bike covered in mud in the back.
I go on hunting trips and get animal fluids in it.
I park it at the airport and let food rot in it.
I knew I was personally incapable of cleaning it as deeply as it needed to be cleaned.
These guys got this car as clean as it could possibly get.
For $50.
Worth every penny.
I don't want to exaggerate, but what they do is actually a skill.
It was obvious that they wanted me to be happy with it and the guys really seemed to take pride in their work.
Cash only, which is my style.

Hmmm...where to start.
I'll start off saying that you can not beat the price of $9 for a car wash-complete with air freshener and armor all for your tires.
Love that.
I will say that the place is definitely in need of a face lift.
They only accept cash for payment, which is totally absurd in 2013.
I went a few months back and some thugs stole my iPod out of a closed compartment (totally my fault for leaving it in there).
Hope they loved my greatest hits of Britney Spears!
Last time I went, I asked the owner for a rain check and he told me they stopped giving them because people were taking advantage of it.
*blank stare* Aren't they supposed to if it rained??
Ahhh.. whatever..
I still go though, it's close to the house.

This is my first Yelp review and under better circumstances I wish I was writing my first great review.
Unfortunately not.
I'm usually like those of you who get too lazy to complain even if there's something wrong and usually there's not much that bothers you.
However, this was my first car I bought with my hard-earned money and I wanted this to be a special event.
I bought it last week but it was raining all last week so I waited and waited until today.
So I scoured through my fellow Yelpers to help me pick a car wash that has great reviews.
My eyes locked on World Class Car Wash and I spared no expense.
I purchased the full detail $49 and Hand Wax $20.
I told them that the previous owner had window stickers and decal everywhere.
I told them about something he stuck on the dashboard and a residue that remained.
I pointed them all out and I thought with paying $70 total for everything I would get some attention on things I specifically asked about.
However, much to my dismay, the stickers and decal remained.
I asked them to remove it and I thought it was good.
Even up until then, I wanted to be happy so I just left.
As I was driving my car I noticed gunk all over the window.
The guy who was scraping with the razor to get the decals and stickers off didn't bother to throw decal residue out after scraping them.
Everything remained.
As I checked more later, I noticed candy wrappers from the previous owner still there but this time soaked breadcrumbs from being watered during the detailing process.
It was nasty digging my hands down there to collect all the wrappers.
I was very disappointed.
This was my first car and I wanted it to be an experience.
Sorry guys.

As promised, Steve hooked it up.
I went back and he made sure everything was on point.
They washed my car and even got some of the tar spots off-free of charge.
I'm a fan!
Thanks, Steve!

I'll admit, I've been more than a bit curious to try out this car wash, located on a particularly sketchy stretch of McDowell.
The pricing seemed to good to be true, too: $20 for a wash and hand wax on my Wrangler.
The gamble paid off, though: the final result was fantastic!
The exterior was shiny, vinyl and rubber surfaces dressed, and interior vacuumed and free of the remaining dog hair that another, more prominent hand wash establishment left coated on the carpeted upholstery.
The actual waiting area is not bad: there is assorted auto merchandise for sale and, while dim, it was clean and well air-conditioned.
Be prepared to pay in cash.

The other reviews are right on.
This place is so weird and sketchy I would never send my wife here.
The inside looks like a great place to get murdered.
I prefer to sit outside thinking about which direction I'd run if shit goes down.
But the people are nice and they do a thorough job on the car for a good price.
BUT ONLY IF YOU HAVE CASH!

Other reviews are spot on.
The place looks rather sketchy, and I would not have even tried if not for the positive reviews.
I purchased the deluxe wash for $18 and it turned out to be a great deal.
Basically a full detail with wash/wax.
It took about 30 minutes (a bit longer than I would prefer), but I honestly did not mind because they were literally working on my car the entire time.
I will definitely go back.

