This place is pretty ghetto.
It's filled with mostly regulars - some of the most diverse crowd you'll ever see.
There are literally crack-whores, ex convicts and drug dealers at this place - and yet it's harmless.
True to its name, this place is great if you like to play pool.
There's 4 tables and pretty much always someone looking for a game.
This place also has a modern juke box, more than 7 televisions with NFL Ticket, pinball, darts, and every night at 9 they run Karaoke all night.
Tuesdays they run a free poker tournament through goallininc.com.
The joint is in need of a makeover, but it's not completely awful.
It's actually very comfortable.
That's why I've given it 3 stars.
It's warm and inviting there... plus, the drinks are cheap and the food is good (for bar food) and super cheap.
If you want to hit up karaoke, it's usually a pretty safe crowd and it's a lot of fun.
Bring a group of friends.
It's a perfect place to go when you don't feel like getting dressed up or impressing anyone.
It's not like going to TT Roadhouse where it's packed and everyone looks at a non-regular like they are an alien.
It's also not like going to Jugheads where it can be dark and scary if you're not a regular.
Breakroom is the kind of place where it's just really easy to walk in as a non-regular and belly up to the bar and order a pint.
Don't let the crackwhores and pimps scare you off.
And don't let the fact that it's a bit of a dump turn you off... or do.

Ummm... What can I say about this place.
It could be one of the most dangerous looking places, and the crowd, hmm could be scary, BUT (big but) I felt pretty save here.
Perhaps it is the drug dealers that keep it safe.
I don't know, but I dig it.
Sometimes you have to get gritty, and see the other side of the tracks, it keeps you real and grounded.
Now I wouldn't go here often, but it's nice to hit a real dive up every now and then.
This place has thousands of stories to tell, and each patron just as many.
I tried to determine who had the most stories to tell, it was a toss up between the old drunk cowboy in the red satin "Five and Dimes" jacket, or the nice looking Mexican man in the "I have a big roost" shirt.
Too me, this place is a short story haven, or if you need inspiration for characterization in writing, go here.
These are real people, gritty, grimy and somewhat scary, but real.
We don't have much reality in Phoenix, but the Breakroom is as real as it gets.
I give it 2 stars, because it is truely a DIVE!

Dodgy.
Sketchy.
Shady.
Skeevy.
Whatever you call it, it's all the same and it's at the Breakroom.
Rodeo was on TV.
Awful tone-deaf people were singing.
I'm sure many a deal was happenin' too.
Here's one place you're sure to score.
But, c'mon, it's not THAT scary.
Granted, I ain't going by myself.
But in a group or with a friend, this place is fine.
They serve drinks just like anywhere else.
Only thing unique and vastly different about the Breakroom is that their patrons are bonafide true-blue people probably dealin' with real-life issues - not broken nails, bikini waxes or studly tans.
Their stories are written all over their faces, and let me tell ya, after reading a chapter, I wanted nothing more than to put the book down and walk away.

Despite all of the "glowing" (insert sarcasm) reviews about this place, some friends and I decided that this would be a great spot for happy hour.
Just as I was told, I saw a drug deal going down within my first 5 minutes of being there, at 5:30 PM.
There were lots of blue collar workers just getting off work and relaxing.
Everyone seemed to just be enjoying their Friday night.
Some other reviewers said they didn't exactly feel safe, but I felt pretty safe, however I did have a large group of guys with me.
The drinks were cheap, darts were fun.
The clientel was not my favorite, karaoke SUCKED...the PA system was awful and kept cutting out and almost everyone there wanted to sing R&B or rap...nothing against the two, I just like some variety in my ear-splitting karaoke.
Oh, and the folding table covered by a tent smoking area was pure class all the way.
I appreciate the experience but don't think I'll be going back.
I love dives, just not this one.

The Breakroom could be considered the home bar for the dregs from your local DMV or nearby Walmart.
Not real pretty, a little scary for the weak, rough around the edges, but real nevertheless.
I met up with Max and his bevy of beauties for Thursday night karaoke - bulletproof vest optional.
Yes, the bar is dumpy with caved in ceilings, classroom lighting, broken ceiling fans and probably hasn't changed since 1982, but the Bacardi cokes were $2.
Two.
Dollars.
WTF?!
The song list here was extensive - one of the larger lists akin to George and Dragon.
The crowd was all over the place as others mentioned and got noticeably younger as the night went on.
The emcee was friendly and cool and roamed the room with his wireless mike while he noshed on a make-me-vomit value meal from McDonalds.
He was a decent emcee until he decided to sing Freedom 90 with me and totally screw it up with his deep gravelly voice - nearly drowning my seasoned, tried and true rendition.
I probably won't go back for karaoke unless Max (bevy of beauties in tow) and/or my Mafioso cousins from the Bay Area are with me.

For the location of this bar, I honestly do not think it is that bad.
It is certainly not a happening Scottsdale bar, but I have been here twice and really enjoyed myself both times.
The bar is awesome for karaoke.
They have a great selection of songs, and there are always plenty of people there to sing away.
You have some good, some bad, just like any other place.
Both times I went were on a Saturday and everyone in my party had the chance to sing multiple times without a long wait.
The drinks are well priced and I have never had to wait that long.
They have a few pool tables and two electronic dart boards in addition to Karaoke.
I thought the point of Yelp was to review things for what they are.
If this bar was in Scottsdale, it would be a different story, but its at 48th Street and McDowell and its a Dive Bar.
As far as dive bars go... it is definitely a 4 in  my books.

This place makes no fucking sense to me.
We've gone here numerous times for karaoke - every time, it's been hosted by someone new, occasionally necessitating mid-rotation staffing changes.
One time, this dude who looked suspiciously like comedian Anthony Anderson hosted for all of 20 minutes, and read my friend's name off (which had been listed as Heffe) as "Heifer.
" This actually became really amusing inside joke fodder for the rest of us, but I can only imagine how humiliating it must be to skulk up to the mic under the alias of a lady-cow.
Poor Heffe.
Every time I've gone into the ladies' room here, some old bat has either been puking in the only working stall, or showing me her wrinkly tits for some reason unbeknownst to my frail constitution.
I won't say that this is necessarily characteristic of this bar though, as most ugly mamas in bathrooms valley-wide will, at some point, flash me their parts.
One time, this kid in the parking lot who didn't look old enough to drink, let alone be a convicted rapist, asked my friend and I if we a.
) liked movies, and b.
) wanted to go watch movies in his car, with no regard for how creepy this proposition is.
I will give Breakroom some credit, though - we've met an interesting assortment of socially-awkward senior citizens there, and some of the bartenders are really excellent.
All other aspects of this place are totally creepy and weird, though.
It's fun if you're in a group of 6+ and you're busily getting hammered off of pineapple upside down cake-shots, because none of the regulars there seem interested in singing or socializing.
Otherwise, watch out for parking lot creepsters and bathroom-flashers, and only go here for the ability to write a funny anecdote in your memoirs.

Okay, sure Breakroom is a little terrifying.
It is in a seedy part of town, some colorful and incredibly drunk characters frequent there, and I certainly wouldn't go without a capable male in my party, but I like the Breakroom.
They have karaoke every night of the week.
As someone who is bored to tears when I don't have a good excuse to yell during a night out, I am not fond of bars that DON'T do karaoke.
As far as karaoke books go, this is the best we have encountered.
Huge selection filled with obscurities you won't find anywhere else and old favorites.
The crowd is always weird but down.
Even if they all sing R&B, they still clap for the shit I sing and I have never gone without a lone hip girl praising me endlessly for spicing things up.
Cheap beer and the best pineapple upside -down cake shot in town.
There are TWO working stalls in the ladies room.
One is intensely tiny with no lock on the door, but if you are in it then no one could open the door anyway (see told you it was tiny).
Nicole T.'s memory may have been clouded by  double vodka on the rocks.
But both of the stalls work.
The host are a little iffy, and generally beg for tips far too much, but it has always been a good time and is consistently our fall back should karaoke somewhere else suck or be canceled.
4 stars.

Awesome Karaoke songbook, cheap drinks, and colorful characters to be found at the Breakroom.
This place is a hidden gem for Karaoke lovers if you can deal with the diveyness of the place.
Yes, the place is a little seedy and in major need of a facelift, but honestly worth it if you have a serious need to get your sing on.
There is a small rotation, usually just 5 or 6 people even on a busy Saturday night - I think I got the chance to sing 8 or 9 songs last night.
The host pre-programs a chunk of songs and walks away, so be prepared to grab the microphone the second you hear your song come on with no intro.
The crowd is a melting pot and the song choices reflect that.
A little Marvin Gaye followed by Blink 182 followed by some rap song I never heard followed by Michael Jackson sung by some white guy with a Michael Bolton hair-do.
As for the bathroom, the whole place is a little dumpy, so I'm not sure what other reviewers were expecting.
A towel valet perhaps?
The toilets flushed and there was hand soap and towels so I consider myself lucky.

Ok, I'm so white I'm not even sure I should be reviewing this place but I'm gonna anyway.
My friend did not warn me beforehand about what this place was like.
We pulled up & there was a group of black people standing around outside.
We parked & I knew there was some shady happenings going on behind the bar.
I start thinking "Omg, what is my friend getting me into?
Where's my pepper spray?
Oh, I hope it works if I have to use it.
" I soon realized that everything was going to be ok!
It turned out great.
Besides the 2 female bartenders (1 was quite pregnant but still busting her ass), a girl with her boy friend, her sister, & 2 gay guys I was the only other white person there.
It doesn't even matter though.
The vibe is crazy drunk happy.
The women are large & in charge!
They all sing along to the karaoke songs they know.
No, scratch that... they grind, dance, & shake their stuff all over each other while singing.

Who doesn't love a good dive bar?
I know I do!
I was a little sketchy about checking it out, as I had been meaning to for some time now, but kept making excuses not to go.
I gotta say, I had a blast last friend with Georgeann G. at the Breakroom.
Bartender Maria was great and the karaoke was awesome.
Those who know me, know I DO NOT sing karaoke, but something about this place, or the amount of vodka I consumed OR Georgeann signing me up without my prior consent, made me do it.
It was a great time had by all.
The staff is great, the drinks are cheap, and the customers are friendly.
The only suggestion that I can give, and I will bump it up to 5 stars if it happens...... SHUFFLE BOARD!!!
Bring in a shuffle board and all will be well!

Thats right 5... One of the best dive bars I have ever been to... Food is awesome and  CHEAP!!!
Free pool during most days, at least every day that i have been...STRONG drinks!!
CHEAP beer!!
What else do you want???
BEST OF ALL, Sign on the wall says "NO TWEEKERS"!!!!
Classic....

This place is called East Side now ... but still shows up on my blackberry as The Breakroom.
They even still have signs inside the bar referring to it as The Breakroom.
Its really not as scary as it looks from the outside.
But I will admit it does look at bit scary from the outside.
The 'no tweeker' sign is awesome :) Its a big place with lots of pool tables and apparently good karaoke, although I was not there for that.
The bartenders were really nice and you could tell everyone in there was having a good time.
We drank rootbeer barrels (although the bartender didn't know what they were she was really nice at trying to make one for us)   $1 PBR on Sundays!
And other really great specials throughout the week.
*** and they even have hooks under the bar for your purse*** totally won me over with that... such a necessity but such a hard thing to find in dives.

.... where the deer and the antelope, and the cowboy, and the old fart, and the cholo, and the crack ho, and the cool NY bartender, and the karaoke star, and the parolee all plaaaayyy!
Seriously, this place is a melting pot... a United Nations of the thirsty, hungry, and hungover.
At first, I was afraid that at any moment some kind of fight was bound to break out.
Nope, everyone seemed to know everyone.
I'm sure if I were able to visit more, I'd get to hug and air-kiss that cool bartender too!
We visited this place a couple of times during our visit, and at both times I felt both comfortable and nervous.
Now, that's a real dive bar for ya.
I kid, I kid.
Although this place is indeed a dive, they serve food - burgers, pizza, cheese crisps (open-faced quesadilla, or Mexican pizza as I like to call it), deep fried mushrooms, fries, etc... Oldman had a chili-cheese burger, which was just the right size and messy, but not too messy - a two-napkin kind of burger.
I had a deluxe cheese crisp, and I have to say, I don't know why I haven't made my quesadillas this way (topped with mushrooms, red peppers, and onion).
They have a few pool tables, which were always in use, and Karaoke EVERY night.
If you're in the area, I recommend checking this place out, especially if the NY bartender gal is working!

wow...New York City, Chicago, LA...could have been any one of these cities inside this friendly bar.
Definitely a mix!
Melting pot of working America, different backgrounds, races, incomes...(no Ferraris in parking lot)...Tanya was great bartender and works most nights, a real gem, friendly, warm, and even carries a tune Karaoke as she pours drinks!
Country is her sound.
A lot of regulars I figured out after almost not going in...but once in... they all were friendly too me.
Pool tables with tournaments on wed, sat, and Sunday, tables were in great shape, they said the owner was a state pool champ and loves his pool tables.
Dart boards were not in use but looked new.
Chilled glass with my draft beer, tried "the bomb" burrito, can be shared, large, 6.00, really good, beans, beef, toms, lettuce, onions, sour cream, excellent salsa, and covered in cheese, what a deal, but need BIG appetite.
Karaoke host was nice and organized, a lot of talented singers in phoenix, Charles was really good doing easten Corbin, another guy was raised in choir and had all applauding after "Mrs Jones", told my wife she should go, just go in group if all ladies as I felt fine after settling in, has a lot of TVs and one large projector screen, like 8' x 8'...don't let this REAL human storybook scare you away,  a must read!
4-stars for sure, enjoy!

I have been here to many times to count over the years and just never thought to Yelp it because it is just such a nice hiding spot.
It is a larger neighbor hood bar where most everyone knows each other.
They have plenty of televisions, and a very large area to play pool.
The bar is a bar!
It has everything you could want unless you are making six figures a year and want something crazy.
If you are looking for short skirts, loud music, and $12 drinks, this is not the spot for you.
If you want to just relax and post up to a bar, check it out.

My boyfriend and I recently visited this bar because we just moved into the area.
The moment we walked in the bartenders were rude and unfriendly.
They asked for our       IDs and they were whispering and rolling their eyes at us even though we are both 23.
We ordered a pitcher of beer and both of the bartenders went into the back to get glasses and came out with glasses that were sticky with lipstick and seemed as if they hadn't even been washed.
We didn't even end up drinking the entire pitcher since the glasses and pitcher were so dirty and sticky.
No matter how close this bar is to us we will never go back.
They were rude and wrongly rude and disgusting to us

