Dairy Queen?
Or Dirty Queen?
And I'm not talking about my femmy neighbor with the Member's Only jacket drenched in Patchouli.
Really, it's not working.
You're just stinky.
But this DQ could use a visit from Mr. Clean and the Brawny paper towel guy.
Both of whom I've had huge crushes on.
Napkins, papers and spoons on the floor.
Behind the counter wasn't a pretty picture either.
They weren't busy and should have been cleaning.
You know what they say..."If there's time to lean, there's time to clean.
" However, my simple little vanilla cone really hit the spot.
For that...2 stars.
Staff was friendly.
One more.
Total.
Three stars

The other night I was craving a Peanut-Buster Parfait but had no desire to schlep inside the nearby Dairy Queen.
I was feeling lazy, bra-less and make-up free.
Easy solution, I thought.
Drive a little farther to the drive-thru Dairy Queen.
YES!!!
Central was eerily vacant of cars, so I made it there in no time.
It took a while for someone to take my order and then when I got up to the window, this young kid looked at me and asked if I was "so and so.
" At first I thought I didn't hear him right so I said, "What?
" He repeated the name.
I ponder it for a moment, and with a scrunched look, I said "Uh, no.
"   I paid, got my change and drove off.
But I started thinking on the way home: could that have been a secret code?
For a drug-deal?
Or some cool rave party?
Damn!
I should have said "YES!
" I could've had some extra fun with my Parfait!
Oh, well.
It hit the spot.
I'll be back again, and maybe the next time I'll remember to say "yes" if asked a random question.

This DQ is getting a face lift and it looks like they're almost done with the remodel.
The good: DQ now offers a "Mini" size which is PERFECT for my periodic Half Health Bar, Half Oreo Blizzard cravings.
The bad: The Drive Thru takes FOREVER!!
Seriously, I don't know what is happening inside when there are only 2 cars in the parking lot?!
The ugly: The damage those Blizzards are doing to my heart and ass

I am so glad they remodeled this place.
It was getting a bit run down, but is a staple as one of the only dairy queens in the central Phoenix Area.
The service is good and the ice cream always hits the spot.
Yesterday we went through the drive-thru and had to wait a bit, but once the window a Hispanic man in his early 20s handed us our amazing shakes and was so friendly.
He was overly kind and made me wish I had gotten his name as we drove away.

Yep it's a Dairy Queen, It's a little busy around 7, but worth the wait.

We went for  soft serve cones on July 11 in the early evening.
The ice cream was smooth and creamy and certainly hit the spot.
What impressed me the most was the friendly staff!
They are awesome.

I Iike soft serve and soft serve with a chocolate shell on it .... yum  Oh and nice folks and a decent price.

Who doesn't like DQ?
And they gave this one a face lift!
Not a lot to say here but I've never had bad service here and the drive thru seems to be always busy so, dozens of ashamed late-night eaters can't be wrong.

Was next door waiting for my girlfriends doctor appointment when I got hungry so I walked over to this place.
Says doors open at 10:30 so I checked my phone and surprisingly it was exactly 10:30, so I reached for the door and it was locked.
I decided to wait 5 minutes in the chair outside and watched an employee walk in and lock the door behind him so I left.
Needless to say if your establishment opens at 10:30 then be prepared to open at 10:30.
They lost my lunch business for today.

My wife and I are regulars at this location for their frozen treats.
I normally put fast food at 2-3 stars, but this place gets the fourth star for two reasons.
First, I'm really impressed with the cheerful attitude by the staff, even though they are often slammed in the evenings.
Second, this place is always neat and clean.
Awesome Blizzards.

Quick and pleasant drive-thru service and standard issue DQ deliciousness - perfect dessert stop.
If you've never been to a DQ before, try a Peanut Buster Parfait - the soft-serve is delicious, the fudge is thick and creamy and the peanuts are plentful and salty - it's an excellent combination.
My husband 's favorite is the Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Blizzard, if you're looking for a sure thing in a cup.
Enjoy!

Ice cream was typical for DQ but neighborhood was a bit sketchy on a Saturday evening.
A guy outside had a holstered firearm.
Very small store.
Very limited seating.
My only concern was how well they cleaned the Blizzard machine.
Just looked like it needed some cleaning.
No one got sick so probably fine too.

I loved DQ as a kid and practically lived there as a teenager.
Fast forward many years and I am now rediscovering the joy of their soft serve.
I am an ice cream fiend and DQ's vanilla cones just seem to hit the spot these days.
Something about the cold, creamy goodness is deeply satisfying, and is rivaled only by their chocolate sundae.
This location has been here forever and has been upgraded.
The staff is very polite and the drive-thru is usually busy.
Most times this deliciousness is worth the wait!

Slowest moving Dairy Queen I have ever been to!
Went at 2 and took 20 minutes for my order which was the lunch deal for one not any big order , food was still good as good as fast food gets, but not quick enough for me to stop in and get my lunch

