All this place needs is a few tables, a tequila bar and free gas and I'd move right in.
The red chile burrito?
Squeeze me?
Heaven wrapped in a flour tortillas mis amigos.
Rickie says it's the closest he's found to San Antonio style burritos.
And.
Well.
If I can bring home a burrito that satisfies my man and reminds him of home....well, let's just say O Freakin Lay Baby!
And by lay, I mean, well, tu sabes loco, tu sabes!!!
So...  Burritos from Chevron + Thomas + Rickie = noise complaints from our neighbors.
Adios, bye bye y hasta la pasta!

I shall write this review mainly for the manager of this station.
Now I feel like a complete asshole because I can't for the life of me remember his name.
Shorter, middle aged, ultra friendly gentleman with glasses and pulled back long hair.
He knew everything I usually purchased, always asked how my day was and was extremely helpful!
He even would carry heavy items out to my car for me without my asking (Ice, giant boxes of beer...ya know...)   This station is on a busy corner.
Has some homeless people around generally (never had a problem, though- they seemed to keep to themselves).
Gas on par price-wise with other stations.
Large selection indoors.
The Mexican food restaurant in here is awesome, too.
It's so random.
Their burritos and nachos are really tasty!
It shocked the hell out of me, as I wasn't expecting much.
I wish they stayed open later.
Closes after lunch, so don't get too excited when you come in craving this and they are closed by the time you get off work.
Boo.
Kudos galore for service, Chevron!
Thanks for always being so friendly.

THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE GAS STATION.
It is a great location right on the corner on Indian School and 3rd street.
Which is great because, it is easy to get in and out of.
It is a large Gas Station so you never have to wait long.
Gas is usually a lower price at this location than some of the other Chevron Stations.Yes, they do sell food and drinks here.
But, i do not know why anyone would want to buy food and sit in the Gas Station to eat.
Well, something for everyone i guess.
The Gas Station is good, so i like it and my daughter gets her gas here as well.
Why only 4 stars???
Because, sometimes the printer does not work at the pumps and you have to go in to get your receipt.

This review is for the gas station.
I went the other day and not only was the screen old and I could barely see it, but there was no auto shut off on the pump resulting in my gas overflowing all over my car.
Really?
That is ridiculous.
Plus this station is always more expensive than other nearby stations.
I don't typically review gas stations....but this one stood out in that it was so not good.

I feel bad because I'm NOT reviewing the gas station itself (pretty typical in my book, except the manager is really nice), but the Mexican restaurant inside is fantastic!!!
And ridiculously inexpensive.
When I first heard my coworkers were going there for lunch, I thought "Eww, no thanks.
"  Then they kept going and talking about how good the food was.
Finally, one of them gave me a carne asada taco.
I was hesitant, but hungry.
Damn, was it good!
Now I go there all the time and obsess all morning when I know I'm going there for lunch.
Sometimes it even starts the night before.
Looks like some reviewers have  enjoyed the burritos but I've never branched out.
I cannot get enough of their carne asada tacos.
No mystery meat or gristle, just great steak, cheese, fresh jalapeño, pico de gallo, guac, sour cream, and red or green salsa on a fresh grilled corn tortilla.
The women behind the counter are really sweet too.
This place is a gem.
My only complaint is that they don't do dinner.
If you don't want to sit in a gas station to eat (kinda does suck), get it to go!
Love the food.
That said, skip the bubble tea.
They just introduced it and the tapioca balls, at least in mine, were gross.

