Dear Yoshi's.
You and I go way way back.
Remember that one time I ordered Combo #2 (Teriyaki chicken)?
Oh yeah I mean that was about 500 times.
Remember that time the girl behind the counter was puzzling over my request for some Gomasho?
Oh I meant the 500 times (it's ok, eventually she figures out what I'm asking for).
Remember that time Kirk and I saw a cockroach hanging out near the bathrooms?
It really happened!
But only one time did I see it.
Don't get defensive now, Yoshi's, but please take care of that problem if you haven't already.
It's ok, we will still do business together---especially if you keep your prices moderate.
I'll still order Dragon chicken.
I'll still brave your parking lot, fending off the odd transient here and there.
It's nice to know you'll always be there for some decent japanese style food at a moderate price.

I am not really sure why people keep going back to Yoshi's!
I ate it once.
ONCE.
It was right across the street from work (the Indian School & Central location) and everyone went there everyday.
So, I figured I would try it.
Now, I ordered chicken, but I'm really not sure what meat it was OR what part of the chicken it was from.
It was really string-fatty-grizzly.
Teriaki sauce was good and the rice was ok, if a bit *too* sticky for my liking.

I now know how my Hispanic friends feel about Taco Bell.
It was almost embarrassing being the only Asian person in the place.
I went to Yoshi's Restaurant trying to stay as unbiased as possible.
I try and give all restaurants a shot, why not its close to my house.
I can't give a three star review because Yoshi's is below average, 1 Star for keeping the place some what clean and 1 star because I'm nice.
The food seems to be inspired by Japanese cuisine but is a poor example for food quality and texture and taste.
I do not recommend people subject themselves to this type of food.
Japanese chiefs pride themselves on the quality, taste and presentation of its food, there are a few restaurants located with in a few miles.

I'm really torn on the number of stars this rating should be.
We didn't go inside, so I can't really judge the place.
The drive-thru was full of pigeons having sex which made me tense and uncomfortable.
I didn't have to wait in the Aviary Burlesque House for too long before you took my order and let me get up to the window.
I thought the prices were high for cheap asian food but the quantity was there.
The egg rolls were probably the best I've ever eaten.
I hate egg rolls but I would order one of those again.
My orange chicken, however, was tough and rubbery.
The orange flavor was fine, but those pieces of meat had been sitting out a LOOOONG time.
Too bad too...
I may go back and try something else in the future...but for now, you suck.

Yoshi's was not bad, but it wasn't really that good either.
It get's three stars though for the delicious egg rolls.
They were big and packed with pork and veggies.
Good stuff, but pretty greasy.
The rest of the menu was fairly so-so.
The options were pretty much chicken or beef covered in some kind of sauce.
I got the yakisoba noodle bowl with chicken.
It was actually pretty good once you mixed it around.
The noodles were mixed with veggies like carrots, zucchini, cabbage, and onions and drenched in a very tangy citrus soy sauce.
The chicken however, was just placed on top with no sauce or anything.
Kind of weird.
I enjoyed it until about half way through when the sauce became too much for me to handle.
I'll just drain in next time.
I will probably be back, but maybe just to order way too many eggrolls to gorge on.

Still trying to find my go-to noodle bowl place after visiting Yoshi's.
This place looked dive-ish, but some of the best dishes come from places that look just like this.
We went through the drive-thru around 8pm last Wednesday.
The inside looked closed as the chairs were all stacked on the tables, but the drive-thru was buzzing.
My friend and I both got the Yakisoba noodle bowl with chicken.
I also ordered an order of Gyoza.
Both bowls and Gyoza came to $11.00 with tax.
Pretty decent prices I thought.
We got back to my house, opened up the white wine, and camped out on the couch with our dinners.
The sauce was pretty good- kind of a citrus soy.
The noodles were good, even if average.
Veggies and chicken were okay too.
I guess the whole bowl was just okay.
I was really craving the noodles and it shouldn't be hard to make good noodles at a Noodle place.
The Gyoza were alright too- kind of crunchy around the edges.
The sauce served with them were good though.
All in all, not my dream dinner, but just okay.
Would probably drive-thru again if I was in the area and didn't feel like cooking that night.

I wasn't to impressed by the building but the location was convenient and the other location was not at the moment.
I was the only customer in this big place!
I had the chicken Yakasoba.
It was all thigh meat.
It was okay.
There was a healthy percentage of fresh vegetables in the dish to make it a balanced meal.
The cost was comparable to having a burger meal but a nice change.
It's still not the noodle oasis I was seeking.
I have had better Yakasoba but I'll return at least once to try the Teriyaki at some point and the other location.

I would say it is comparable to Kyoto Bowl.
This particular location has a drive-thru window.
The menu is pretty basic, nothing too special.
Low price for a quick, fast-food lunch.
The exterior is kind of dingy, can't elaborate on the inside.
3-star for a Fast-Food Japanese bowl place.

So being from Seattle, I'm kind of a Teriyaki afficionado (sp?
) I have lived in the valley for 5 year now, after moving back from Italy.
I've always lived near Central, and no further North of Camelback or South of Osborn.
What a great find in Yoshi's, let me tell you.
I have been completely hooked on the teriyaki chicken and rice bowl.
The chicken is grilled (like it's supposed to be), the rice is well done and the sauce is just right.
Those are the three things that really make a good teriyaki.
BONUS: They even have a drive through!
Now I will say that I've never had anything else on the menu, but this is the best teriyaki I've had in the valley hands down.
And where else can you eat a great lunch that's not fast food for 5 bucks???

saturday afternoon: after a busy morning of "Total.Hangover.Cure" induced shopping at the saturday market and then an eventful trip to Trader Joe's my buddy Polo and I were getting apprehensive with Hunger.
I was eager to take him somewhere that would fit his requirements (cheap/plentiful) so that he wouldnt embarass me like he had at a "colorful" brunch my brother and I had taken him to at FEZ, which ended in him loudly and unapologetically complaining about portion sizes and price.
My best bud Polo is a big dude, and accordingly a rather big penny pincher.
I was driving us back to my pad when we passed Yoshi's on central, "whats that place?
" he says, "oh, just like this japanese fast food place, it's slightly better than kyoto bowl.." he nearly grabbed the steering wheel outta my hands.
I veered into the drive thru, ordered a chicken yakisoba bowl for him, and a chicken curry for myself.
As we waited for our orders a group of elderly folks strolled by, donna summer was playing on the radio, impulsively i blasted her sweet disco melodies as loud as my car speakers would allow, and we had an improtu dance party in my car as they stared in horror and confusion.
the gal who worked at yoshi's opened the drive thru window, laughed and handed us our orders.
We took my groceries and our Yoshi's bowls back to my pad, had a quick refresher, and dug into our Yoshi's bowls as we watched always sunny and spent the rest of the afternoon with full belly's of joy.
Yoshi's is an easy, fast, and fairly decent alternative to panda or KytBwl, i'll be back soon most likely.

Well, I was driving between work locations and in need of a quick lunch when I saw Yoshi's through the windshield.
I thought I remember hearing this was owned by the same guy who did Yasu Sushi (which is sublime) so I went in despite the large Pepsi banner outside.
I should have known just by that a lackluster experience was about to be had...
I ordered the spicy dragon beef bowl and gyoza and an iced tea :)  The beef had an interesting flavor akin to melted plastic.
I kept waiting for the spicy to kick in but it never did.
The gyoza were cold, yet amazingly enough they were crunchy enough to chip teeth if you weren't careful.
The tea wasn't bad...

Repulsive.
It's plain white rice with Teriyaki sauce and some disgusting bits of chicken.
I made the mistake of not ordering the bowl "white meat only" and ended up with a bowl of fat, gristle, skin, cartilage, and odd-tasting bits that I couldn't identify.
This is a $6 bowl of disgusting crap.
I'm told that the "white meat only" option is important.
I don't care.
Nobody should serve that, ever.
If you want a decent teriyaki bowl that won't make you want to vomit, go to Costco and get their frozen bowls.
I can't remember the brand, but it's got veggies, delicious white meat (with a lot of flavor), rice, and sauce.
It comes out to about $1.30 per bowl.
I'm eager to finish this review so that I can stop thinking about that disgusting bowl.
So that's all.

Service is a solid 2, food maybe a 3.5.
Rounding up since the $2 happy hour Teriyaki Bowl is a pretty good deal and it's right up the street from my ivory tower.
Considering there aren't many options for me and my half hour lunches downtown, could be a lot worse.

The teriyaki bowl with white meat is good.
It's not knock your socks off but I go there weekly to get my rice bowl fix on.
The lunch service is pretty fast which is a big plus.

It's fine.
I miss the Yoshi's of old, though.
They used to make the sushi rolls as you ordered them.
The Yoshi Roll was the best!!
They still make them, but they are never available (and they are called Chicken rolls now).
I asked why and they only make 2 orders worth in the morning and they go fast.
That to me says MAKE MORE ROLLS.

Not sure why everyone is so harsh about this place.
You have to set appropriate expectations when visiting a place like this.
The restaurant was dated, but clean, the staff was super friendly and quite helpful and the food was reasonably priced and pretty tasty.
We sat outside with our furry friend and enjoyed ourselves for a quick bite to eat when we didn't feel like cooking.

Pretty darn good teriyaki bowls .. and at a cheap price !!
Miso soup was 99 cents and pretty good with added soy sauce ..
I will be back to try other items ...  2$ happy hour chicken bowls 3-5 pm!!
Cant beat that !!

