Holy selection, Batman!
This place is near full to bursting with anything and everything related to the universe of comic books and superheroes.
The shelves along the walls of the store are lined with comic books arranged in an almost too perfect manner.
You can find the newest issues of your favorite comic book here, but for the serious collector (and I do mean serious) there is a large assortment of rare and vintage comics from the 70s, 60s and beyond.
High quality items all wrapped up in protective plastic sleeves.
In fact, you can buy your own protective plastic sleeves here to protect the comics you have already purchased.
If you're a serious collector, consider checking here before you look on eBay.
An extensive selection of graphic novels, Manga and books pertaining to the world of your favorite cartoon hero can all be obtained here.
Action figures?
Yep.
Quite the selection of your standard superhero action figures and some not so common figures.
Busts, maquettes, statues, ceramic figures and more can be found here as well.
One of the most extensive selections of comics and action figures I've yet to encounter in Phoenix.
Definitely check it out if you are into comics in the very least.

Although this place is a bit out of my way, and I have only been here once,  I plan on making the trek to All About Comics at least once a week!
The selection is unbeatable, and there are rare or collectible issues as far as the eye can see!!!!
The best part is that for each comic/graphic that is purchased over $10 you get a stamp on a frequent buyer card.
Ultimately receiving a freebie.....awesome!

Married or dating a Comic Book Nerd?
Here is the perfect place to purchase a gift certificate for that special person in your life.
The staff is always so nice here.
I only go when I need to purchase a GC for the hub, it's even bagged and boarded!
The parking is a bit tricky, be careful when trying to leave.... you have to semi reverse onto Central if you don't plan accordingly.

Lucky for me I have a 12 year old son, so I have an excuse to hang out at comic stores.
I am actually a huge fan of comics (*ahem*, I mean Graphic Novels), and could wander and read in here for ages.
We've tried most of the comic shops in town (from the "too hip for you" vibe at Atomic to the "too nerdy for anyone" vibe at Samurai), and once we found this one vowed to never go anywhere else.
As a mama, nothing can win me over like being nice to my cub, and when my son has questions, they treat him so politely, they never speak down to him, and they seem to truly enjoy having conversations with him about the material.
The store is neat, clean, bright and well organized, and just in general one of my happy places.
(Also my kid wants to work here.
But I swear, I'm not just kissing ass to get him a job).

All About Books & Comics is like philosophy and Phil Collins' post-Genesis contributions to music; I know I'm supposed to give a shit, but I don't.
Try as I may, I just can't get excited about it.
AAB&C has everything a good comic store should have; in-depth yet intuitive store lay-out, boxes upon boxes of back issues, nice tidy displays of action figures and busts, a big sign on the front of the store  professing their accolades...  And that's it.
There's no playing or reading space of any kind.
No television.
The radio usually plays smooth jazz or some other music substitute.
And unless you're willing to strike up a conversation with the guy in the Amoeba Music t-shirt who so looks like he's already judged your worth as a person by the time you've made it to the graphic novels section, there's really no one to strike up any conversation with.
Unless you need help looking for something (here's a hint...alphabetization).
Yes, AAB&C is a good "comic book store"...by standards set ten or twenty years ago.
These days I expect more from my comic book store.
Maybe it's because of the integration of trading card players into geek culture.
Or maybe it's because the internet has replaced basic human interaction and I crave more face to face time with other nerds like myself.
Or maybe it's because it's 114 fucking degrees outside and I need a place to go.
But me personally, I like a comic book store with some atmosphere and hospitality.
Sure, not having any playing space to play or read cuts back on the "Yeah, I think I can get it one more game in before my mom comes to pick me up" crowd, but let's call a spade a spade; you used to be that fucking kid.
And so did I.
Maybe it wasn't our local comic shop, but it was the mall, the movie theater, perhaps even La Biblioteca.
We've all been there, we all had parents who didn't want to spend the weekend with us, and as annoying as the spectacle of sad and fail is to behold, we have no real place to pass judgment.
After all, we're the ones buying comic books and action figures we'll never take out of the box.
And the shops can afford to carry such ridiculous fare from all the income they get hosting Magi-Yugi-Mon events.
But wait, if AAB&C doesn't cater to such a crowd...how do they...wait what?
In my reviews of other comic book outlets, I've referred to AAB&C to "All About Crooks & Comics".
This is not a mere clever nickname given by the fund-deprived; AAB&C has a reputation for ripping off those poor and unfortunate few who come across a rare or vintage back issue/piece of memorabilia and bring it in hoping to get a reasonable price for it.
I can't prove from first-hand experience, as I'm not a "collector", I'm a reader.
I don't keep my books in bags, and with the exception of a set of JTHM I got for Christmas from Misty S, I don't even have any recent single issues.
I just wait for them to come out on trade paperback.
I know.
The horror.
The horror.
But I have had a lot of friends who've griped to me about going back to AAB&C and finding the same book they sold them a few weeks ago on sale for 3, 4, or perhaps even 5 times the amount it was bought.
Granted, this is a common occurrence in all "Used & New" businesses; remember that commercial for Gamestop where the guy mentions that he's selling his copy of [Random First Person Shooter] for 15 bucks?
Yeah, that never fucking happens.
That guy would be lucky if he got 10, and that's including the 10% extra that his Gamestop card would give him, if he was smart enough to sign up for one in the first place.
But if AAB&C doesn't really buy into the whole "trading card/clicking miniature figures" craze, it makes you wonder where the profit comes from.
Especially when there's a Samurai on Indian School & 7th St, an Atomic Comics at 28th Dr and Peoria, Stalking Moon on Greenway and Hero Comics on T-Bird.
Maybe AAB&C primarily services "serious buyers" who do not have the time or patience for all the hub-bub and tomfoolery to be had at the other, trendier locations.
Maybe it's those same people who gave this place all 5's (except the one who admits they only come in to buy gift certificates).
Maybe that's where AAB&C's niche lies, and we should accept that certain people want certain things out of the places they give their patronage.
Who knows?
You've probably stopped giving a shit about what I say ever since I admitted I only buy trades.
But don't lie, you've got a friend who spouts nothing but quotes from Plato and Socrates, and every time he walks away everyone in your group is all "I just want to kick that guy in the fucking balls!
"    Unless that friend is you.
You ass.

I would like to respond to Jetta's description below.
I like AABC for all the reasons he doesn't like them.
Yes, they may only sell comics and toys but they do that better than anyone else.
It's about quality not quantity.
He asked how they stay in business when there are so many comic stores in the valley.
The truth is the other stores are garbage.
Read on  (1)  They don't pilfer through the comics before putting them on the shelves.
The owner even unloads the comics from the boxes right in front of you and lays them out on a glass table.
So if you are guy who is trying to acquire that CGI 10.0, you will have a chance at this store.
At Atomic Comics and the other stores, they go through the comics before the store opens and selectively remove the comics in the very best condition for their employees.
(2) They leave the comics on the shelves longer.
They are not greedy.
They don't pull a comic off a shelf and mark it up a $1-$2 a week to two weeks later.
They only do this if a comic is ridiculously hot which is rare.
It's nice to know that you can find a comic a month after it arrived on the market selling at cover price.
There is not another comic store in Phoenix that does this.
Take my word for it.
I've been to everyone and they pull them off the shelves quickly  (3) They don't stuff their shelves and the comics are in great condition.
I have been to every comics store in the valley and AABC is the only store in which the comics are consistently in great conditions on the shelves.
You will not see bent corners.
You won't see shelves being overly stuffed so that the first few issues and the last few issues in a stack are damaged.
(4) Inventory- If its not at AABC, I go to the internet because it's not going to be at any other store in the valley.
I have too many stories of walking into other comic stores and requesting an issue and they are out or don't have it only to find 2 or 3 copies at AABC.
(5) Sales: there is not another store in the valley that gives you 25% of everything in the store on Jan 1st and July 4th every year.
That includes the high priced collectors items like Incredible Hulk 181.
They also have a graphic novel punch card much like a Subways sandwhich card.
(6) Service: It has a mom and pop feel so you get to know the actual owners of the store.
The employees actually work and are helpful if you ask questions.
They are not just standing around chatting with each other like you find at Atomic Comics.
They are also humble and are not condescending.
This is a great place for collectors and readers of all experience.
They are also not pushy.
They don't push any comics on people.
I love how you can stare at comics for 45 min  in peace without someone hassling you or making you feel guilty.
They will help if you need it but they will leave you alone.
(7) Ambience: I feel like I'm walking into a Comic store not a Nine Inch Nails museum.
It's colorful, clean, organized and easy to navigate.
it doesn't look like some cheap strip mall store like Heroes or god forbid Stalking Moon in which it seems like some Geek bough a collection on Ebay and decided to pay rent next to some Chinese buffet and open a comics store.
(8) JUST COMICS: This is exactly why I come here.
I was at Atomic Comics in Chandler and I couldn't even check out some comics because the shelf was being blocked by a card table.
(9) Clientele:  Look, I'm not a typical comic collectors.
I don't wear tight black shirts,  I have no facial hair or piercings, I'm not up to date on all the independent "alternative" comics, I love Marvel and DC.
I can't stand "Goth.
" Yeah,  I'm a regular guy who also happens to like comics.
If you are one of these people, you will feel comfortable here.
If you haven't read comics in ages and just wanna check out the scene,  this is your place    (10) KNOWLEDGE: The employees are educated about comics but are not pretentious.
Phil is a comics' genius but he isn't intimidating.
Eddie is very up-to-date on all the latest indie stuff but he will tell you honestly what he thinks about an issue and if a series is worth collecting.
No pushy sales people  To show that I'm not the owner and to be fair, I do think their prices can be steep and I don't always think their older items are accurately described.
I also think they can charge too much for variant issues when they first arrive.
Their toy prices are pretty fair and you can get steals in this

Jeff P has it all right.
I've been going to AABC for a really long time, and they've always been my favorite shop.
The owners are always up to help you, and the staff is excellent.
No matter if I'm in 1 time every 6 months, or every week, Eddie always has my books pulled and he knows my box # by memory.
I don't even know my box number.
I've been going to AABC exclusively for years, and I see no reason to change.
Atomic is trying too hard, and they don't care about you.
Samurai is good, but not my style.
They are great for indie and anime, but I'm a Marvel guy.

*Quite possibly the BEST comic store I have ever visited******  I am not a collector of comics (I have bought a few here and there).
I am a HUGE horror film fanatic and found many of my now beloved back issues of FANGORIA, GOREZONE and STARLOG right here--in this store.
Although this was done many years back--I am happy to see this place still around--and from the reviews--still (on average) doing a fantastic job.
The employees here were outstanding and kind.
And it was such a pleasure to have that wondrous experience to search through boxes of vintage horror mags and see a glowing evil pumpkin and the year "1981"...congrats Brad--you just found Fangoria Issue #15...and what an issue it is.....!
Places like AABC make me so sad.
They only remind us at what we all helped to kill (NOBODY is without blame--be honest!
)--by ordering off the Internet and not putting our faith & money into establishments that offer a community shelter.
These stores are safehouses for weirdos like me--those who live on the fringes and have eccentric taste--constantly looking for the obscure.
Next time I am in the Valley--I'm heading straight here.
If you live in the vicinity--get off your ass.
We all think the "grass is greener.
"  Well--as a Californian--who lives within miles from NUMEROUS comic shops--listen up Phoenicians--you have a treasure here...........right down the street.

DUDE..where is the manga....where are the card tables.
.....What the heck is this place doing selling comics!
This is outrageous!
And why are you talking to me and trying to help me comic clerk!
Your job is to give me a huge sigh and exasperated look as if I asked you to perform surgery.
This being helpful and friendly is really bothering me.
You guys are just too weird.
I need to go back to Atomic.

All About Books & Comics...  You, I like.
Your staff is just helpful enough to say "Hey!
" as I'm walking in the front door (or the back, as this godless Briton often does) but not so hell bent for sales that I can't get to the New Comics wall without a short, bushy-haired managerial figure latching himself to my leg and dry-humping with reckless abandon.
(See: Atomic Comics in Mesa)  When you walk in the front door, it smells like comic books.
Which is somehow appropriate, because AAB&C is one of those no-nonsense-type specialty retailers... like those stores you see in a strip mall in South Phoenix with the simple title of "GUNS".
(What's next?
A restaurant called "FOOD"?
But I digest.
)  At first glance, you might wonder what AAB&C has that other comic retailers don't.
Frankly... as far as buying comics on a week-to-week basis goes... nothing, really.
But when it comes to old comics, All About is all alone at the top of the heap.
You see, I haven't lived in AZ all my life... but someone was kind enough to inform me that in the 90's... All About wasn't just one store.
They had a bajillion stores spread all across this absurdly large civic pitri dish we call Phoenix.
But when the comic book crash happened in the late 90's or whatever... they narrowed down to just one location.
So ALL of the old back issues from seven or so stores had to be put into one warehouse.
Which is why if you ask for basically any old comic that isn't Action Comics #1... they'll have it.
The only complaint I can offer is the music selection.
It's just so wimpy and non-committal.
The classic rock station?
REALLY?
What's the matter?
The Easy Listening station wasn't coming in clearly?
What a bunch of girls.
Not that I want to hear hardcore Gangsta Rap or Thrash Metal while I buy my X-Men comics or anything, but still...

Yay Eddie!!
Love that this is a family-owned business, where the staff remembers you and what you like and can offer good suggestions.
If they don't carry what you're looking for, they quickly offer to order it, and the item is usually there within a week.
They have a good selection of independent (not the best, but no one really does---well, maybe Ash Comics), toys, and shirts.

I have yet to visit Atomic since I moved into the area...but I must agree with Rahul.
There is nothing wrong with this place.
Staff left me alone until I wanted to ask them something, then they were attentive and helpful.
Pricey?!
While other shops have cheap bins, none usually have whole runs of old series.
Currently...you want to get the whole 80's/90's Silver Surfer series?
Go now...you could pick up the whole thing for about a buck an issue on the shelves.
Nice cheap back issue room...and back issues all over the place.
A nice wall of trades.
Again though....another week...I can't get all the issues that came out this last Wed. (yes...on Sunday..but still).
Considering that everyone raves about all the extra copies these guys have on the shelves....my first time there...I saw it not.
X-Men for crying out loud.....  Big bad...their subscription program.
For every $20 I get an "All About Books and Comics dollar?
"  Really?
For every $20 a $1 in-store credit?
That sucks.
Call Acme Comics in Bloomington, IL...and Jim will tell you how to manage a real subscription program.
It is a cool place...and I will visit...but DCBS is probably getting my monthlies.
Shops get pretty steep discounts on these....for regulars they should be able to do better for the subscriber discount.

From the exterior I thought this comic show was going to be pretty bad ass.
They had a ton of well painted comic characters on the windows, and really, if you can get Spider-man from not looking like some Mexican bootleg toy reject, more props to you.
But when I got in here I really didn't feel much love, nor did I really get a good sense of what this comic shop did well and was just there with in terms of product.
Yes, it has a ton of back issues.
Problem is that even though I'm a huge nerd, I really don't give a shit about single back issues.
I can easily pick up the trade to read those older story lines.
Many of which mean nothing for the current character anyway.
Then the toy section was just alright.
Their new release wall was well maintained, though it was scattered through multiple areas of the store.
That threw me for a loop at first in thinking that I missed an issue or something.
The customer service was also non-existent.
I realize I don't like it when the employees are pushy into trying to figure out what you want..
But to be completely silent and not even welcome you or look at your way just makes you feel a little less welcomed.
Ended up not even picking up anything - even though their was some new releases that I wanted to read.
There's better comic shops in Arizona, I told myself..
The lack of any personality to the store really just turned me off.

I've been going to AAB&C since they were at 7th Street and Camelback next to that bar/grill (Hanratty's I think it is).
Alan is by far the nicest guy.
And what a memory!!
I went there many times in the past and stopped collecting for a few years.
When I eventually did come back, Alan was right there with a handshake and saying "Mike, how've you been?
"  I couldn't believe he remembered me!!
But all the people there are awesome.
Like others have said, they leave you alone unless you need something.
Then they're all over the question.
It's perfect!

These guys have a great inventory, keeping a solid stock of Buffyverse trades and comics.
They also know their Buffyverse info pretty well - not perfectly, but pretty well - and better than most.
Add that they're near the light rail, and this is my comics store.

Do I know the first thing about comic book stores?
Absolutely not.
But, do I know a well-stocked retail store when I see one?
Absolutely.
I walked into All About Books & Comics while on the hunt for a vintage comic book that stood out from the rest.
As a girl who played with barbies and my little ponies rather than superman and batman, I didn't know where to even begin, but the yelp reviews promised me a store full of vintage and new comic books and stocked full.
Upon walking in, I realized immediately that the store lived up to its yelp expectations.
I consulted the man behind the counter because I didn't even know where to begin.
I told him that I was looking for a vintage comic book for under $20 but something that a collector would appreciate.
He immediately took out a binder full of a backlog of every single comic book in the store and a history behind each book.
I'm talking about a villain's first appearance to the first time a superhero found a new trait.
It was like another language to me but I knew this guy knew what he was talking about.
Comics like the walls, the shelves, the counters, the cabinets.
They are everywhere.
If you are a fan of the comics, this could be your kryptonite... to quote an all star super hero of course.
So after twenty minutes of searching for the perfect comic book, I finally found the one.
According to the comic book connoisseur himself, this 1959 spider man comic was the first time Mary Jane appeared on a cover.
It's no first edition Batman but for the price, a collector will appreciate it.
So, with that I took my brand new (old) comic book and was on my way.
So all you comic book lovers...I am pretty certain this is the place you want to be to spend the days reading about heroes and villains.
They even celebrate happy hour here.

By far my favorite comic store to purchase by Buffyverse comics!
I was so tied up the last few months that I didn't get a chance to pick up the latest Buffy comics so I was driving all around town trying to get the back issues I missed for the last 7 months.
I hit 3 other comic book stores before coming to this place because of their proximity.
Some only had one issue left and others didnt have anymore left.
I should have came to AABC from the beginning!
Not only did they have all the back issues I needed they even had some variant covers available.
The staff there went out of their way to check in the back for all the issues I was looking for since they were no longer on display.
They must have had to really dig in the backstock room to get my issues since the guy was in the back for about 15 minutes.
So worth it though!
They are a bit of a distance from my house, but they are well worth making the drive.
I havent gotten into other comics outside those of Buffyverse yet, but this would definitely be my go-to place when I get time to read other comics!
They have a huge selection, not only of new comics, but also lots of collectors editions dating back to my mama's childhood years!

This comic book store rocks.
The place is straight up wall to wall comics everywhere you look.
The store is well organized and put together very well.
The back issues selection is huge.
The current issues selection is huge.
Overall a solid comic book store.
The staff is also down to earth.
Not like some places where they can be kind of snobbish.
At the time, a mom was in the store buying comics for  her kid and they were totally helping her out.
I appreciate service like that.
Support your local book store especially the good ones.
In the Phoenix area, this comic book store is a must.

Whooo hoooo!
As good as it gets!
What makes a great comic book store?
When the people working there aren't a bunch of dicks that ignore you and treat every request like your a friggin' moron.
It's when you feel at home browsing around for an hour or more without feeling like your being pushed out or the staff keeps haunting you.
I love how I can walk in and ask for the back selection and they bring it out for me.
They didn't immediately have what I was looking for (Vault Of Horror comics) but the guy at front went in the back and brought out exactly what I was looking for and put them in nice clear wrapping with card backing and priced them right there for me.
No originals, just reprints but who am I to complain?
I just want to read the damn thing.
Lots of back stock and a nice collection of Creepy and Eerie comics.
Very nice selection of collectibles and busts of superheroes.
The store is nice and clean and carefully arranged.
Silver Age, EC, DC, Marvel, if your looking for it then you should check here first.
Then you should have some dinner at Postino's a short walk over, but that is another review for a different time.

All About Books and Comics is simply the best for comics.
The staff are extremely helpful.
When I needed two back issues of a series, they got it for me.
Bam, done.
The staff make you feel at home but don't invade your personal space.
They never act pretentious toward their customers (which is the WORST at comic book stores).
Their overall comic-stock is impressive, and they don't try to be anything other than a comic book store.
That's what I want from a comic book store, which is why that makes them the best.

I'll go see movies like Iron Man, Thor, The Dark Knight and X-Men, but I am no fanboy and I did not spend much of my youth nor any of my adult life reading comic books.
That being said, now that my 8-year-old is really getting into reading and also enjoying playing his Lego Batman game on the Wii, I decided it was time to find him some books to learn more about Batman and the assorted villains he faces in the game.
I remembered a Batman encyclopedia I had read as a kid at the library and went to see if anything similar still existed.
The workers at the store were very happy to show me what they have available and even give me other suggestions within the same type of reading level.
I ended up getting a book entitled "Batman: The Ultimate Guide to the Dark Knight" and a collection of Batman: Brave and the Bold comics from the youth section.
My son was excited with his birthday presents and I was very happy with the service I received at the store.
Definitely recommended.

Oh man, my boyfriend was in absolute HEAVEN when we came here.
There aren't any actual "books", aside from comic books, so the name of the company can be a bit misleading.. it's not a huge library or anything; but there are definitely rows and rows of nerdiness galore to feast your eyes on.
I saw everything from discount comics, to throwback comics kept safely under lock and key.
They must get a lot of fanatics in there trying to sell their souls for the 15th issue of Amazing Fantasy.
Staff was very knowledgeable, there was even a cute girl behind the counter that had all the boys drooling over her vast comic knowledge.

i'm usually just a tag-along when my bf shops here, but the staff is really cool and helpful (Eddie especially).
They have a great selection that is well organized, and the location is really convenient.
i like their personal recommendations, etc.
i've actually gotten into a few comics myself, after wandering around a bit while the bf shops!

Very helpful, all of your favorite titles, monthly pull for your books, guest artists/ signings, sales events, friendly staff.....this place really has it all.
Here's a huge plus: no gamers or D&D type people here.
Straight up comics.
When you walk in the average age is above 14 so if you're an adult, you feel a little more comfortable here.
Definitely one of the best shops in the valley

not sure what the previous yelper was thinking...if you want an actual leather bound book go to a library.
if you're interested in comics and books containing comics or about specific comics then come here.
chill staff, ton 'o' comics, lotsa toys, decent prices.
i'll be back.

I like this shop... lots of assorted modern and silver age consignment availability.
Prices are strictly based off comic price guide.
The owner is a nice guy and knows his stuff.
They have different supplier than most other comic shops in the area.
The store is well laid out with lots of decent deals.
The store has an old used bookstore smell and nostalgic feel to it.
It carries most new stuff on more limited basis than some other shops in the area.
The best value of this shop is based on its consignment deals.
No complaints here.

You can always count on All About Books & Comics to have what you're looking for.
The store has a great browsing feel to it.
The staff are there if you need them, but not pushy.
It makes for a great comic shopping experience.
All About has a great layout for their titles, as well.
I see a few too many places that place titles behind others on their racks due to a lack of space.
All About places them all out there, face out, so you don't miss anything hiding.
I also like that they sell a lot of old back issues at cover price.
The only thing that would make All About Books & Comics even better, is if they had a few couches and chairs for comic collectors to hang out, read and chew the fat.

this place rock!
I've searched all over the bay area, Oregon even Texas for my avengers vs x-men and they were the only one that has the first print of issue 1,2.   great customer service over the phone.
i was able to order via telephone and they have it ready and shipped to me here in the bay area by tuesday

Great shop!
All the current editions are very well organized and in alphabetical order.
You really can get lost there and time can just fly by.
The also have a plethora of back editions.
Not as organized with that stuff, but if you have time to swift through the boxes, I bet you can find a few gems.
The staff was not as knowledgeable with a few of the questions I asked, but tried their best to help me.They also have other comic related merchandise like stickers, T-shirts, cups, and a few action figures.

Good Place, Helpful staff!

This place is definitely what a comic store should reflect.
The right size, knowledgeable and friendly staff, and pretty much what you would want in a place.
This place makes the local spot here look amateurish.
The pros:  1.
Extremely well organized store.
Definitely had everything for which I was looking.
They have a section for new releases and then the older versions are stocked in order.
Easy to find something if you're looking for an older issue.
Good variant selection.
I think these guys have some good hook-ups in the industry.
Nice selection of collectable items as well (statues, busts, etc.).
Very friendly staff that would tell you a little about the issue your buying or potential changes.
I dig when they actually talk to you about something rather than just ring you up and send you out.
Plenty of parking, mainly behind the building.
If you park on the Central Ave. side you'll have to back out into the raid.
Could be precarious.
The cons:  1.
I'm a fan of variants but it seemed like these guys marked them up a lot more than other places.
Maybe they've got access to some real rare issues but I definitely won't pay $30 for a new #1 of the Ultron release.
It's a great arc but still too pricey.
Phoenix seems to have a great selection of comic book stores, why can't Atlanta follow suit.
Hmmm?
Maybe I should look into opening up my own shop in the future.

First time I came here I felt like a kid in a candy store.
I found some marvel now 1s,1st printing, about 3-4 months after release.
I was in love.
Second time I came here I found some DC new 52 1s, 1st printing, wow this place was great.
Then, about 10 mins later went over to samurai comics and looked up the same DC New 52 comics and found out I was ripped off at all about comics.
So before you buy make sure you shop around, that's my only advice but it still leaves me with a bad taste in my mouth.

just went to this store yesterday.
it is a great shop with ton of comics and books in it.
it has all the new comics and a lot of back issues too.
they found a customer in me.

Pretty good store.
Loads of back issues with varying prices, great help from the staff.
My complaint would be that despite having tons of back issues it seems all of the good stuff is gone.

Easily the best comic book store in Phoenix.
No gaming crowd hanging around, the staff is always amicable and helpful, I can always expect to be greeted at the door with a friendly smile and welcoming attitude.
The store is clean, well lit and easy to navigate.
New releases are in alphabetical order and have the last few months issues nearby in case you missed something.
One of the best features of this establishment is the collection of consignment books, packaged together as runs at VERY reasonable prices.
If you are looking for a specific story line, or filling in gaps in your collection, check this section out as they always have a great selection.
The interior displays are always changing, with over stock deals, grab bags and more packaged runs rotating in on a regular basis.
Their trade collection is second to none.
They have a great back issue selection on the floor, and if its not in the bins, they probably have it out back.
Their claim of "over 1 million comics in stock" is easy to believe.
Some other reviewers have complained that the store doesn't have couches and chairs, but that is fine with me.
I tend to avoid the stores with lots of people hanging around for two reasons: 1) the books are probably all messed up and read, and 2) those stores tend to have the cliché clubhouse/comic book fanboy feel; if you aren't part of the club, you aren't welcome.
NEVER had that vibe here.
I've also seen complaints that the prices for some items are high, based on other stores in the valley.
I've never felt that here either.
The prices are very competitive and again, the multi issue packs are always a FANTASTIC value.
I've bought tons of stuff here, and never felt ripped off.
In fact, I've picked up runs that i would probably never have looked at before, simply because they are packaged together already, so I don't have to dig through the bins, and they are being offered at a very reasonable price.
I've probably tried all the shops in the valley, and this is the one to beat.
If you are looking for a comic book store, not a gaming store that just happens to sell comics, this is it.

If you're looking for hard to find back issues this is definitely the best place to go.
Their collection of graphic novels is outstanding.
They are really good about special orders and hard to find books.
The staff is extremely knowledgable and are always ready and willing to help you find what your looking for.
They have all the current books, an unbelievable stock of back issues, trade paperbacks, hard cover graphic novels, posters, statues and so much more.
If you're looking to find a special gift for someone?
All About Books and Comics is by far one of the best places to go.

The best comic book store in town hands down.
Great selection, awesome staff.
Have been a regular for years and that is not going to stop any time soon

Great selection of new and old comics.
Lots of graphic novels and old toys.
Very friendly staff.
Only knock is that there is sale bins and what I believe to be consigned bins that are separated but not sorted well.

When I walked in the front door of this local business, I was totally blown away.
How long could it take to collect so MANY comics?
There were back issues of everything I could think of .
many from my childhood days.
That was a super long time ago .
in years and in memories!
I loved looking through adventures I hadn't seen in years, and looking at some comics I remember my children used to read .
they may still do so, but they keep them hidden from mother!
One of my initial thoughts was that the Giroux's must have at least one of every variety, and every character, and every subject ever memorialized in graphic art.
But wait, the one thing I couldn't find, and the one thing that I would have bought on the spot was a Clayton Moore, the Real Lone Ranger, comic book.
Where were they?
I asked; figuring that I couldn't possibly look through every thing.
The clerk said, yes he thought they had some .
and he disappeared in a back room behind a door .
and was gone for 5-10 minutes.
I wondered if this old building had a dungeon archive like many old museums do.
Eventually he showed up again and said that apparently they didn't have any right now.
He said I should check back and he gave me a card so I could call and inquire.
PHOOEY!
SMASH!
BAM!
I'm going back in and ask so I can wallow in more childhood memories.
HI HO SILVER!

Great, well stocked shop with helpful, friendly staff.
They have so much backstock, it's inconceivable to leave empty handed.
I love this store and visit as often as possible.

I live in San Francisco and 20 years ago it was a great comic store town.
All About Comics in Phoenix is EASILY the best comic store I've been to since then.
Fantastic selection of back issues, very reasonable prices, and the 2 guys I talked to that day were very helpful.
I easily filled tons of holes in my Am.
Spider-man collection (with more time I could fill many other titles as well).
Thank you guys!!

At 7 years old, I would beg my dad to take me to All About.
Now at 24 years old, I beg my girlfriend to come along with me.
In the seventeen year span I have been shopping at the store, my interests have increasingly changed.
From my 7 year old Pokemon and Mad Magazines to my 24 year old Batman and Gold Key Twilight Zones, I've always found exactly what I was looking for.
The one thing that hasn't changed are the staff.
Always welcoming and knowledgable, they are eager to help out, but also give you the space to breathe when you're on the search.
Thank you guys for everything!
In no time, 41 year old Steven will be writing another review about the continued legacy of All About Books & Comics.

