I would giver this place a negative rating if I could.
I was having some brake trouble last week.
When I would depress my pedal, it would go to the floor and glide to a stop, without locking the wheels.
I was told to go to just brakes.
I went and immediately they tried selling me extras that I didn't ask for.
I ended up paying 300 dollars fr new pads, shoes, calipers, and a fluid flush.
You'd think," oh my car would work after that much",.
They even have someone who test drives it before you take it, but low and behold my brakes were EXACTLY the same.
I went back the next day and had to argue with these dolts over why my brakes aren't different and why if I'm paying 300 dollars it should be.
I finally got them to cover the labor the piece they thought to be the issue.
The main cylinder apparently needed to be replaced, but god forbid they check that with everything else in the first place.
Now I'm waiting for a part to arrive that I had to pay for just so I can use my car.
Further the second time I brought the car in and dropped it off so the could look at it, the BROKE MY IPOD.
The buttons were off of it.
I immediately complained about it and they tried to blame the sun and continues that "no one had driven the car".
I replied, "then how did it get in your garage dip shit?".
No one apologized still for it.
It this doesn't deter you from here I don't know what will.

Just Brakes?
More like Just Flakes.
I went to this place in 2010 and it was horrible.
Hopefully, it has improved since then.

Phenomenal customer service!
Came in with a warranty issue, they got me in immediately and replaced everything for free!
Great feeling knowing my money is appreciated here and that I am truly covered under warranty :)

They told me that the oil change would take an hour to an hour and a half.
It ended up taking three hours as they waited for a part.
In their defense they said it was possible it would take longer.
That was fine but when the person at the front desk starts talking politics, swearing, and pushing his beliefs, that is when the line of professionalism was crossed.
The car works great but the customer service left much to be desired.

So - this company seems to historically get terrible reviews, but I am going to tell you that good customer services shines like a gold star ESPECIALLY in places like that.
About 18 months ago I had my brakes done at the Arrowhead location and if I was going to choose my words wisely, I would say, it was a poor job.
Twice I've had to take it back in where they 'checked' my pads and said I don't know, it's fine.
I was about to cut out the middle man and have my go to mechanic handle this...aka...ex husband...aka..not ex friend (should out to Jason!
LOL) when he said Kris, let's see if it's still under warranty.
So after me complaining for a month coming very close to temper tantrums as the thought of having to deal w/ this place one more time, I went in this morning to the 7th St. location on Camelback and met Jose who if I were a betting person, i would have lost my entire savings on how awesome this guy was.
I didn't have to go into the 'I'm sorry you won't do that, too bad you're now going to lose my business' talk - because he said it for me.
We don't want to lose your business and you're not going to have to come see me again until your brakes truly have to be replaced.
I'll cover everything including labor except the rotors, which I'll still cover the labor on.
In all honesty In think the warranty may have been expired BUT he took complete ownership of another shops mess up and was VERY fair in what was covered.
Thank you Jose.
I hate problems with my car as much as I hate problems with my computer and you made it a VERY painless experience.

Went to get my brakes changed from a slight squeak.
They told me that I had a crack and that I was leaking brake fluid and that it would be a safety issue for about $350 more than I planned to spend.
I was shocked as my car had just been inspected a month prior with no problems, and my brakes didn't feel mushy at all.
They strongly urged me to not take my car without doing the repair because I wouldn't know when my brakes might fail and I'd be unable to stop.
I was really anxious, but needed to get a second opinion before spending that much money  Decided to take my car to my regular mechanic who said there was nothing wrong.
Saved myself $350.

These guys are easy to work with.
They talk/walk you through the issues that you may or may not know about.
They back up their work 100%.
I originally came in early feb for new brakes.
A few days later, I noticed a squeak coming from the back right wheel.
Other than an annoyance, it wasn't causing any issues so I left it, being pressed for time.
I answered their online survey two months later, leaving a comment about the noise.
The next day, I received a voice mail asking for me to come in.
They found the issue and fixed it without any charge to me.
Funny guys, too.

I really appreciate the up front and open policy these guys have.
They let me stay in the garage the whole time, and were very patient with me (I really bugged them).
They knew I had limited funds and really tried hard to get me the best pricing they could.
They did a great job; a couple months later now and everything is still perfect.
I even got a follow up call to make sure everything was running okay.
Thank you Jesus and John for the great service and work!

This place SUCKS....Stay away!
The 7th St location is a scam shack.
I went in for "just break pads" & they found $1,500 worth of things to fix.
As I left quickly w/ no work done I had a new scrape, scrape sound every tire rotation.
I took my Tundra to a real mechanic & he said everything is fine for quite a few more miles.
But that funny new sound???
It was due to the "Just Brakes" boys taking a crow bar (or some other tool) to the inside of the wheel  & pinching a spot down  so it rubbed on the drum.
They must think I'm dumb enough to turn right around after a couple blocks & have them fix an emergency they just created.
Give ME a break!

