No, thanks.
I can't help but think of Office Space's "Chotchke's and their pieces of flair every time I get sucked into going to Applebee's.
The poor wait staff.
And the food is just not good.
It could be just an unfortunate coibncidence that of the seven or eight things I have tried they have all failed to impress me but somehow I doubt it.
I don't like TGI Friday's very much, but of the two comparable restaurants, I much prefer it to Applebee's.

Well folks, I did the chain thing.
I confess.
Rickie and I had spent and exhausting day (and a quick $200) at Target and were thinking steaks.
The budget didn't include Morton's or Ruth's Chris.
I had brain freeze and forgot the local spots I love so much that grill a mean meat (i.e.
Phoenix City Grill), so the first restaurant past Target that fit the bill was our local Applebee's on Camelback and Central.
Mind you, I don't expect a decor marvel or a hostess so hip it hurts.
I know what i'm getting myself into.
For the most part.
But I had recently seen a TV commercial from Applebee's and of course the food was airbrushed so perfectly like Celine Dion's face on the current issue of HELLO magazine.
I mean, really, Celine, you have no wrinkles even after living in Las Vegas these past couple of years?
Anyhoo, we were greeted and seeted promptly by a teenager who definitley just had a smoke and could use a visit to the tanning booth.
Once seated, our server, Mo, took our drink and appetizer order and quickly disappeared.
For quite awhile.
Cue the Jeoporady theme music.
Once our iced teas and the new appetizer (tuscan cheese bread extravangza) arrived we sipped and dipped.
Not bad.Raspberry tea with an univited yet delighted visit by vanilla and the cheese spread was rich and yummy served with a spot of diced tomato, basi and garlic...aka bruscetta.
NICE.
We ordered onion chips, like an onion loaf or the blooming onion at Outback....they were good.
Two sauces for our dipping pleasure...one your typical ranch, the other a sort of spiced up thousand island with horseradish.
Then the entrees arrived.
Cue the creepy dum, dum, dum, music...Both NY strip steaks over cooked to such an extreme.
The asparagus was limp like, well, let's just say it reminded me of a Vietmanese gymnast I once dated who didn't take the little blue pill.
Sides included mashed potatoes (loaded) which means bacon, cheese and sour cream.
Ok, Ok, Ok, too much of the extras.
What ladle in the kitchen did they pick to put these extras on my mashed potatoes?
All in all, I had low expectations at this venue, and they were met.
Shout out to Mo the server, a good gal!
The clientele was like a scene out of Dawn of the Dead.
Sorry.
Lesson learned...Applebee's ok some of the time.
Get an app and a drink.
Skip the entrees.
Be nice to a nice server.
And for God's sake don't expect a steak worthy of the big chain peeps.

I live across the street from this Applebee's, and I've been going there for years.
terrific service almost every time -- sometimes I've even called the manager over to COMPLIMENT the server.
The decor is kinda casual laidback sports bar.
It's a neighborhood chain folks:  Don't go there expecting the it to be like the Ritz or the Biltmore.
A steak dinner here only costs $10-$12 bucks.
And for that price, it's surprisingly good!!!
I want my steak medium-rare (on the rare side), and that's how they serve 'em to me.
On the rare occasion that I'm dissatisfied, I ask 'em to "repair the damage" and they do it immediately - and with an apology and a friendly smile.
The first time I at here I really liked it, and I told my 'rents.
They wouldn't even try it.
Took me weeks to convince them to walk in the door.
Then, they decided to eat at this Applebee's 3 - 5 nights a week!
And, sometimes they did eat at the Ritz, so they knew the diff.
As far as I'm concerned, for a neighborhood chain restaurant, Applebee's is just fine, thank you very much!

I will give this Applebees location a 5 star and here's why.
I used to work here and know the cooks and staff.
I have inside information on how this location does things in relationship to other locations I had filled in at.
This location has better cooks and better management than some of the other locations.
It shows in the food.
Very seldom do I eat at this location and get a bad meal.
Best nights to go Friday or Saturday after 4pm.
The best cooks are working then, these guys have been at this location for over 8 years and they know what they are doing.

Every time I go to the gay Applebees I poop funny afterward.
I've only gone here for happy hour for the $2 tall domestic beers and the half price apps.
I hadn't been in almost a year and sat down at the bar on a busy night and the bartender said "hey man I haven't seen you in like a year.
" I thought that was pretty fucking cool seeing as I hadn't been more than 2-3 times ever.
The food is exactly what you would expect from an Applebees.
It's trailer trash "fancy night out" food and great food for unsophisticated people.
I am also amazed this location seems to be open till 1am on the weekends... probably because it is the gay applebee's.
Thanks.

hmmm, never knew that TGIF's was less expensive than Applebees as the quality of food is much nicer at TGIF's.
yesterday me and my girls went to happy hour at Applebees in hopes of finding some good inexpensive appetizers to go with some tasty cocktails.
our visit was on to a great start, as our server took care of us like we were in a 5 star restaurant.
he was so awesome; he should have been in a tux and bow tie.
the cost for our drinks and food totaled $41.00 for 3 apps and 7 drinks which isn't bad for happy hour, but a few weeks ago we went to TGIF's for happy hour and ended up with 4 apps, and 2 rounds of specialty cocktails for 3 of us and the bill was under $30.
all the appetizers were served at half mass, or at least half the portion served by TGIF's.
the potato skins were so greasy not even the sour cream could make it go down smoothly.
i did enjoy the spinach and artichoke dip, but the greasy chips were a little too much.
kinda funny that the buffalo wings weren't greasy at all.
my fav's were the spinach dip and the wings.
the spinach dip was served in a kettle pan and there were big chunks of artichoke in it.
the chips tasted freshly made but were a little greasy for my liking.
i'll give them another try, but next time it's only wings for me!

You get what you pay for at Applebee's (ok, actually you get less than what you pay for)  But I mean seriously, it's Applebee's.
If you go in there with no expectations and ignore the fact that their kitchen is probably just freezers and microwaves then you will be fine.
(and if I was basing stars on that alone I would have given it just 2, 'cause I mean...its Applebee's..
However, the beer was cheap and the staff was nice, so it gets brownie points)  I try not to go to places like these, because frankly I think if you are on that much of a budget you should either A.
) Go to the grocery store and cook at home or B.
) Go to a local place where you can get a better deal and real food.
However, on this evening I was walking from the light rail with a friend after leaving the DBacks game, and said friend was exceptionally hungry and not in the mood to walk far..
So we went in.
I was however pleasantly surprised that their happy hour started at 9, which made me feel much better about spending money there.
The beer was a good size, either bigger than a pint or in a deceptively charming glass that makes it look bigger than a pint.
While there wasn't a lot of decent beer choices, they were cheap.
We got a couple of HH apps.
and they were as expected, bleh.
But it was food and that was the whole point at that time..
The ranch was sweet...
I Hate sweet ranch...gross.
The high point here was the host, he was very pleasant and efficient.
Staff over all was nice really, and the beer was cheap early on, so it served its purpose.

I totally love going to Applebees!
Especially on Tuesday's!
Karaoke!!
Although, this particular Applebees kinda sucks on Karaoke Tuesday's because the d.j.
's aren't as entertaining as other d.j.
's at other Applebees.
I was sad about that!
But the host's are so damn nice, and cheerful!
I just wanted to kiss them all!
Oh, and the dinner is good as well.

Service was fabulous, professional, courteous w a smile, and beyond expectation for a casual chain restaurant.
I was impressed w my server, Stephanie, and especially w another one I observed (Chanel).
Chanel was extremely patient w a special needs gentleman.
She brought each of the dressings to taste.
She pointed to each one describing and writing what they were.
She was consistently taking her time with him with his many questions and listening intently to his speech impediment to understand his needs.
She even kept him updated on his spending to keep within his spending budget and; yet, she still was able to take care of her other tables at the same time without slacking.
Wow!
I ordered the unlimited soups & salads between 11-3 for $6.99 & my mom ordered the baby back ribs (nice smoky flavor she commented).
The grilled shrimp & spinach salad was very tasty served w hot (actually served nice & perfectly warm) bacon vinaigrette and Steph made sure I  was perfectly satisfied and full w refills of the great salad & soup of the day (broccoli & cheese).
Once again, pleasantly surprised with the quality & price for a casual dining experience.
Thank you Steph, Chanel, and the hostess Yvonne.

If I were reviewing this on service alone, I would give 5 stars to our waiter.
He was overworked and had a very slow kitchen to deal with.
Yes, we were a party of 8 and another party of 8 was seated just before us.
You are a chain.
Isn't your kitchen prepared for big parties?
Our waiter was very patient and fantastic.
We had 4 hungry and tired kids.
It seemed like the food took forever to come out to the table.
I don't think we were complicated just had a lot of people.
Applebees please staff your restaurant appropriately, so our poor waiter can have the help he deserves.

The quality of the food was excellent, the server was very on top of it with getting our drinks and order.
It was loud, but that made the atmosphere fun to me.
The only down side was the wait to get in was at least 20 minutes to a half hour, but maybe it's to be expected on a weekend night.

Good for a cheap date.
Food is okay, service is good!

One of the only reasons i go to applebee's is cause it is so close to my work and threes not much but fast food around me, but every time i go there I feel the service is not that great the food always takes so long.
I got a soup and salad lunchtime deal and it took like 15min which i know is not that long but for salad and soup??
They are never that busy but again the service is slow, I for the most part should not have to flag down a waiter to get a refill.
I will start packing my lunch from now on :/

My first time ever eating at an Applebee's establishment was last Monday.
Apparently the have happy hour here from 9-until close.
We arrived around 9:30 so our margaritas were only 3 bucks.
We also ordered off of the 550 calorie & under menu which consisted on us getting a steak or chicken variation.
The food as well as the service was very good.
I bought drinks for myself & a friend plus my food brought our bill to only $27.
All in all a pretty nice experience for a casual restaurant.

We just returned from a Valentine's Day dinner.
We arrived at 5:10 to beat the crowd and it was already packed.
We walked in, we were greeted by Sam.
My husband asked for a good seat.
Sam found us a great booth.
We ordered from the 2 for $20 menu.
Our waiter was attentive and pleasant.
My husband got ribs that were cold.
He sent them back immediately.
When Keith brought them back he waited while my husband tasted them.
They were warm so he was fine.
I got a pasta dish that I can never finish but it was good, as usual.
Overall, I was pleased particularly with how busy it was.

So, I ate there on Wednesday and it is now Friday.
I have not had solid food or been able to keep anything down since I went there.
In an area that has so many great places don't go there.
Keep driving east on Camelback and hit one of the many other restaurants on that street.

Great food.
beer not so cheap unless it's happy hour.
I arrived around 2:30PM Wednesday I ordered the  jalapeños,BBQ cheese burger with fries.
$9.50.
the burger is about the size of a Carl's JR $6 burger.
But this one taste much better.
Freshly cooked juicy hot.
the Waiter claims that the burger meat is fresh and never frozen.
It took 10 to 15 minutes to receive my burger.
That is good because i want a freshly cooked burger, not a microwaved burger.
The fries are okay, no wow factor.
The fries portion was small in my opinion.
They should give just a little more fries and maybe a side like a celery stick.
Overall, i would return to this restaurant soon.
Maybe during happy hour.

I ordered the trio special (artichoke dip, boneless buffalo wings, and sliders) all for $12 bucks.
This is MONSTEROUS.
Make sure you either are super hungry or are sharing this with someone.
I had about 8 wings and two decent size sliders.
There were so much tortilla chips for the dip it didn't even look like I made a dent in it.
The food is exactly what you expect of Applebee's.
I prefer their regular wings (with bones).
Service was slow (it was noon).
FYI:  Make sure you go you bring your own hand wipes.
The bathroom is nasty.

When it's late and everyone else has closed on a weekday, it's either a trip to Delux or a trip to here.
When my wallet is weeping, this is the place to go.
Their remodel is great and not so cluttered anymore, the place is always packed because the happy hour beer is cheap, service is able to keep up, and so far I haven't had any major qualms.
Everything has been quite a good experience and the food is what you would expect from Applebee's.
Not extravagant, but not absolutely horrible.
Their sirloin choices are perfect for when I want to keep the calories as low as I can at an Applebee's (I really should be going to Sweet Tomatoes next door, but I lack self-control) and they give generous portions for everything.

My first time going to Apple bees I was impressed with the setting and the food.
It became my favorite restaurants afterwards.
I especially love the Trio Appetizer.
It's a great meal and at a good price.
Their wings are the best.
Their fries are excellent.
The service there is pretty good and most of them are friendly.
I like Applebee because of their food, service, and a great place to hang out and eat.

Went for late lunch with my aunt & cousin after my aunt had a procedure  done on her heart at  Good Samaritan Hospital.
My salad wad good & my aunt's lunch was okay but my cousins was cold and she had to have the fries remade because they were cold.
Sorry but don't remember the waiters name but he acted put out when we asked him for anything.
Don't care to go back to this location but will go to the one in our area.

Absolutely horrible.
I ordered a white wine spritzer, the server told me I don't think we carry that, I don't know these fancy drink names.
I told her what it was and that it's been around forever.
My wife ordered a frozen strawberry lemonade and got a regular.
When ordering our food she laughed when I specified no poblano peppers or any spice.
I ordered a weight watchers meal as I wasn't too terribly starving.
When our food came she just assumed that my wife who is larger than I wanted the weight watchers.
I was completely appalled.
I spoke to the manager at once told her everything and explained we were leaving and I was paying for nothing.
Next time I visit Phoenix this will not be where I go.

Always a good place to come.
I love happy hour as all appetizers are half off!
Makes for a decent break on the wallet.
Usually pretty pack especially on weekends.
Come early!

Applebees is a decent place to get a hot meal.
They've been remodeling a lot of their locations it seems, and this one has a nice feel to it.
I think overall they have fair prices and a good selection.
I wish they wouldn't have changed their menu so much.
They took away my all time favorite dessert, the maple butter blondie.
Sad day.
But they've added some good stuff (shrimp and parmesan steak is not bad at all!
) Applebees is a good deal, nice staff, okay design, nothing extraordinary, but does the job.
I'll be back.

I haven't been to an Applebee's in years and years.
Seriously, I usually eat locally.
But I was in Phoenix with a friend and honestly didn't have the time or inclination to go to a local Phoenix establishment, especially when I was starving and ready to head back to Tucson.
So, Applebee's it was.
And it was great!
For two people the bill was about $36 and this include two meals for about $12 year, including my big bowl of spicy shrimp pasta.
It came with some bread, and a big plate of onion rings and a delicious sauce- tasted like Jack Daniel's sauce.
We finished it off with the little .99 cent brownie bites with ice cream- since I could barely move and was so full with delicious goodness it was a perfect size to finish off with.
Service was outstanding, ice tea refilled on a constant basis.
Very very good!

good food for a good price and the service was great as well!
They were very busy and we still had good service.
Thanks

Decent for an  Applebees.
Bartender was a somewhat overly flamboyant gay dude but he was ok.
He seemed to stir up bar drama with the wait staff.
Other patrons seemed to enjoy his drinks so whatever.
It's applebees so the microwaved food is pretty predictable so stick with what you know.
Patrons ran the entire spectrum to include an 85 year old white guy regular sitting at the bar gumming down a dry ass steak.
This placed lived up to it's neighbood bar identity as I sat next to the aforementioned geezer, some young mexican dude drinking coors light like water, a 30 something black female with a bad wig and petulant stare and the two slightly past their primes but sort of holding it together white women.
It's America baby, good times.

Great food but I had to wait longer than I planned on!!!
I would def eat here again but I recommend do not go here if your in a hurry.

i love this applebee's !!!!
everyone is super friendly!
for dessert i recommend getting the blondie!
so yummy

Came here for a birthday party with about 13 of us from the office.
Food was good and the price was right.
I had the lunch combo with the 4 cheese Mac & cheese with bacon and honey pepper chicken and the California shrimp salad.
Both were tasty.
The best part though was the $.99 brownie bite with a tiny scoop of ice cream for dessert.
Just the perfect size!
Service was good especially considering how big our party was.

Ok,  now do not judge.
Normally we do not going to chain restaurants, but we decided to try out the wings at Applebee's.
They have there wings for $.25 per wing after 11pm everyday.
So,  the wings were not all that bad for the price.
We ordered them hot and they came out a little spicy.
Also when you order the wings you have to buy 10 to get them at $.25 per wing.
Since we were at Applebee's the server was really good he did a great job taking care of us.
If you decided to go to Applebee's for a late night snack.
You should try out the wings.

waited 20 min.
for a booth, then 15 min after seated to get iced tea and water.
Walked out after 20 more min and no sign of server or salads....

I can't believe the the Bourbon Hamburger can not be ordered without mushrooms, unless of course you also leave off the onions and peppers.
as I despise mushrooms, I did just that and ended up with a rather dry and tasteless hamburger.
I was very disappointed to say the least.

Went there for lunch today, sat at a high top table by the bar.
Host was not very personable, but we gave it a chance.
Wrong idea.
We waited 15 min, not even a greet or anything.
We seen all sorts of servers walk by our table, ignoring us.
After waiting, we got up and left.
All the host said was "leaving already?
" Really?!
He said it in a tone as if he wanted to know if the table was now 'available'.
Will never I back.
I am not the biggest fan of Applebee's, and this just sealed the deal.
Get it together people.

I like the food don't take me wrong is just the price, quantity n quality of the food don't seem to be equal, but nice place to have some fun with friends and family...

This place sucked today!
We asked our waiter for a little time to look through the menu and he really must've took it to heart because he came back 15 minutes later.
Second they added 6 tables together to the middle of the floor for a huge rowdy group of Dick and Janes.
Why come to Applebee's if your rolling 30 deep dude.
They stood up in the aisle and laughed like fat girls the entire time...eat already.
Btw it was so packed with them smack dead on the side of our table, that the waiter handed us our food and drinks from the other side of the ramp.
Now I'm pissed.
So the food finally comes out...yeah the food that was handed over the ramp, and the plates were hot but the food was luke warm and disgusting.
So all in all, I usually like this place, but are you so damn desperate for some happy hour change you'd forgotten this is a fire hazard?!
Silly rabbits.

