I wish I could give a better report of the East Maryland Animal hospital.
I was about 20 minutes early, and was told by the staff that the tech would be in "shortly" to start seeing my three cats.
More than an hour later, after they were scared shitless by several obnoxious dogs, the tech comes in.
She is very nice, and so is Dr. Schroeder, but no more so than other vets I have had.
I also had a 50% off coupon for the first visit, which I fully anticipated would be used for one cat, not all three.
I'm never one to abuse the system, so to speak.
I gave it to the guy behind the desk, and asked if they would accept it, and he said "of course.
" Did he apply it to my bill?
Of course not.
I didn't notice it until I got home.
I just paid the bill, wanting to rush the boys home.
Shame on me for being trusting.
Scottsdale Cat Clinic, can you take on three more?

So I e-mailed East Maryland the same afternoon as my visit, explaining that I was disappointed that the coupon I had given them was not honored, and they e-mailed me back before the end of the day, apologizing and letting me know that my Visa would be credited the amount of the coupon.
Then they called today to see how the boys were all doing after their shots, and acknowledged the bill issue again, and hoped that everything had been settled to my satisfaction.
This kind of immediate and friendly follow-up redeemed them and gained them another star.

I took my dog to East Maryland Animal Hospital and I was extremely pleased with their services.
My little Cock-a-Poo had gone to  Banfield and after a few visits and a total run-around and emptying my pocketbook, I took her to East Maryland Animal Hospital and they treated her Thyroid problem and some other things and I'm happy to say this sick little dog is so much better now.
I found the employees to be so attentive and caring and I did not have to wait forever either.
When I call once a month to refill her prescription, whoever I speak with is so courteous and the medication is ready when they say it will be.
I also used the 50% off coupon and luckily had no problem.

I've been taking my dogs to East Maryland Animal Hospital for 14 years, and I can't imagine going anywhere else.
Over the years my dogs have seen all of the doctors and each of them provided great medical care and advice.
After every medical appointment, I received a follow-up call the next day asking how my dog was doing and if I had any questions.
I wish people doctors were so attention!
The staff is friendly and personable and always treated my dogs with love and kindness.
All of my dogs have recently passed away after living long and healthy lives thanks, in part, to the great care they received at EMAH.
When we get another dog, we'll definitely be back!

The doctors and staff at East Maryland Animal Hospital are truly exceptional.
I have tried several pet care providers over the past 10 years and never has any one come close to the level of care and customer service we receive at East Maryland.
My sweet pit-hound Sunday and I first arrived at EMAH in the panic of a serious health crisis.
Her then regular vet's office was unable to diagnose her growing list of symptoms, and we were dismissed with the advice to "probably prepare for the worst".
Our visit to East Maryland to seek a second opinion yielded a completely different (and wonderful!
) outcome.
Her doctor was able to immediately get the diagnostic tests needed to determine a treatment plan, she consulted with several specialists by phone, and even coordinated an appointment for us with another specialty provider that very same day.
Flash-forward five years later and my furry bestest girl is still by my side.
The exceedingly competent, compassionate care we received at that first visit has remained consistent over the years, and I couldn't more highly recommend a provider to entrust with your furry loved ones.

I drive past this place every morning.
I live almost right across the street.
I have a regular vet but he is much further away.
Last year I adopted an elderly dog from a rescue society.
Her name is Isabelle.
Who ever had her before took terrible care of her teeth.
She needed a dental specialist and very costly surgery.
The rescue organization paid for her to receive the costly treatment and she has been a wonderful pet and companion to our three year old.
We brush her remaining teeth every day.
But she is old.
I called our regular vet to get her teeth checked as it is National pet dental health month and usually they are greater savings during this month.
(my husband's job and the housing market has caused me to be hard pressed to spend too much money on vet bills).
The price they wanted was almost a house payment and the poor dog only has seven teeth left!
I decided to try East Maryland.
They were wonderful to poor sweet Isabelle.
She got a free exam to let us know what it may cost.
They checked out her heart, gave her a blood test, extracted four more teeth and shined up the lonely remaining three teeth.
It was half the cost of the other vet.
Not that the cost was the main factor, but it was a huge help.
Dr. Schroeder is very skilled and compassionate.
Isabelle's breed is difficult to operate on and given her age and tiny size, it was extra risky.
They took every precaution to make sure she was stable.
They were so good to our old girl.
The techs treated her with kit gloves.
They even trimmed her toenails while she was asleep.
The next morning they called to see how she was doing.
She has recovered beautifully.
It is less that a week and she tried to steel a chew stick from our younger dog.
She is bright eyed and bushy tailed and we have a new veterinarian that we love!
Any one who lives in Central Phoenix who needs great care for their pet should trust their animals to this clinic, they rock!

I love that they called 2 days after seeing my pet to check up on her!

The staff was very friendly and helpful.
The doctor was patient and caring.
They gave my dog a welcome gift and called to follow up after the visit to make sure there were not any adverse reactions to his vaccinations.
I took advantage of the Yelp certificate which was a great deal.

Wonderful, wonderful animal hospital.
The whole staff from start to finish was phenomenal.
The vet assistant Kelly was very sweet and gentle with my cat and also very personable, as was the veterinarian Wendy.
They treated both me and my pet with utmost care and concern.
The facility was spacious and clean and there was ample parking.
Everyone here seems to genuinely care about their work and the animals they work with.
I would highly recommend this animal hospital!

Great Vet!
Prices are reasonable, the vets are very caring, and they actually call to check up on your pets after their visits.
A+ Vet

TERRIFIC VET- clean, knowledgable and most professional.
Dr. Schroeder is AMAZING!
The BEST vet in Phoenix- HIGHLY recommended.

Got me in quickly when my puppy was not feeling well...
I was afraid I would have to take him to the emergency Vet (which is extremely expensive), but East Maryland Animal Hospital got me in ASAP and was very attentive to my little one.
They are a little on the expensive side- but it beat the Emergency Vet fees

Mostly staff is great (Candida is the best).
Prices are DEPLORABLE.
Compare prices between EMAH and other Vets before making the decision to make this place your primary vet.
I Guarantee you that they will try to nickle and dime you for EVERYTHING if you let them.
Not ethical in my books.

They like to nickel and dime you with everything.
You bring your cat/dog in for a check up and later you get a call for something else that is wrong with them or they need some sort of medication.
Also they only have women as vets which is kind of strange

They may not be the cheapest, but they treat me and all of my animals very well.

Let me start off with the positive: everyone here is SUPER nice.
My dog loves the staff here.
The follow up is nice, I enjoyed getting a call to see how my baby was doing after our visit.
Also, I went in with my friend when her cat passed away and they were so sweet.
Anyone with an animal knows that's one of the toughest things to go through, and they were great with my friend.
Not so good... and it's funny because I've seen this term used in other reviews (and here I thought I was being all original)... Is that I feel like I'm at a used car lot.
I bring the dog in, there's "something" wrong that they look into, and after several tests and a TON of money later that magically isn't included in the monthly fee I pay for....
There still isn't an answer.
I can tell you, as can anyone around him, that I have one of the healthiest and happiest dogs in the world, and what they assumed was wrong with him would make him lethargic, withdrawn, have a loss of appetite, and he's quite the opposite.
I was also told that I'd be refunded whatever money I didn't use from the plan I pay for (I probably used 1/3 of it at most), and still haven't heard back from them.
Sadly, I'm on the lookout for another vet for my fur kid.
But like I said, they were awesome for one of my good friends throughout her cat's life... maybe they're just better cat vets?

This is the dog's doctor and we're also taking puppy training classes here every Wednesday.
The trainer is great and Pip seems pretty happy there.

I have been a client for almost 5 years to EMAH.
We have 5 cats and did have 2 doggies up until a month ago.
They have treated our animals with love and care.
Animal vet care is pricey.
Bottomline, anywhere you go you are going to pay but this office shows care and compassion.
I have never had them try to upsale me.
They are always respectful.
Dr. Hoppe and Dr. Martens are both caring, compassionate doctors who really care about your pet.
We had to send our 14 year old Lab "Over the Rainbow Bridge" on March 21st.
It was sudden and Dr. Martens took care of my babygirl.
And she and the office manager Joyce made the experience a bit easier for us when we had to say goodbye.
Everyone from the front office to the vet techs to the doctors at EMAH are the best as far as I am concerned.
I trust them 110% with all of my furry kids.

Great people.
They really understand pets and work with you and your pet.
They won't try to upwell you at all.
I would recommend this vet to anyone.
Too bad I do not live in AZ anymore.

After doing a lot of research online and reading lots reviews, I settled on this animal hospital - and I'm glad I did!
Reasons they're great:  1) Knowledgeable Vet - My puppy and I saw Dr Clemons.
She was very attentive and thorough, and she took extra time to explain everything and answer all my questions.
She even took the time to print out some helpful, educational materials that I could take home and read.
2) Fair Pricing & Not Pushy - Dr Clemons kindly offered several different medication options, which varied in price.
She wasn't pushy at all and was more concerned in providing us with medication that we felt comfortable with & understood.
3) Caring & friendly staff - From the girls at the front desk, to the Vet tech and the Veterinarian - everyone was very kind and friendly.
I highly recommend them!

My dog loves coming here, and I've never had less than a completely pleasant experience with the staff and the services.
The reception area is clean and they are quick to get you signed in.
There's a Keurig machine for use while you wait, which is never long.
You and your pet are brought into an exam room where they go over the reason for the visit, a few questions about your pet's diet and any changes in behavior, and what charges to expect.
They do take your pet to another room for some tests and services.
During my first visit showed me this room so I didn't sit there imagining they carted my dog off to a hidden pet dungeon.
When they return they go over what they did, what your charges are (again!
) and any follow up information you need to know.
They are timely with test results and stay on top of when your pet is due for vaccinations.
I got my money's worth with a PAW plan, and loved the training class I took there with my pup (as did she!).
They might be a little heavy-handed with the treats, but hey, a dog that is excited for her appointments is worth it!

Online scheduling made my life way easier, and they called to confirm my requested time as well as the day before to make sure I was still able to make it.
The check in process was very easy and efficient.
They noticed how nervous my pup was and let us use a private waiting room while the vet tech prepared for his exam.
Vet was friendly and seemed to genuinely care about Civ.
Will definitely go back.

I really love this pet clinic.
My yorkie has had valley fever, teeth extractions, etc.
and the staff at East Maryland Animal Hospital are truly great.
From making the appointment to the final services, everything is pleasant, truly.
We wouldn't think of taking our little girl to anyone else.

Couldn't ask for better staff they are so friendly and courteous.
They have treated all our pets, and unfortunately have put down couple.
During those must saddest times they are so compassionate and help you through this most difficult time.
To have a caring compassionate place to care for you pet they are the best.
We have a new dog we adopted from the Humane Society and they where so happy for us.
It's nice to know that they are concern, do follow up calls, send Birthday e-cards to pet, over all great experience.

The people at EMAH are very, very, customer focused and have a true interest in making sure our pet is well taken of.
Friendly staff.
Short wait times to be seen and checked out.
Very competent techs and vets

Everyone I've worked with at EMAH builds relationships with me and with my cats.
My cats' wellbeing and my satisfaction are clearly their goals.
Even my scaredy cat Carbon relaxes after a bit of handling and reassurance from his doctor and technicians.
I can't recommend this place highly enough!

Such a great.
We unfortunately had to put our beloved dog down and weren't sure where to go.
We are very blessed we found this place.
They were sweet,  comforting and accommodating throughout everything.
We even received a card that had hand written condolences after.
Good experience through a very hard time.

the front staff is very nice and accommodating.
very small if any waiting time.
Doctors are great and they don't try to sell you all sorts of stuff for your pets and they give you lots of free website and pamphlet advice.

I love East Maryland Animal Hospital.
I've been taking our pets here for over a decade and we've been through everything from a diabetic cat, to puppy well-baby visits, through cancer, surgeries, end of life issues, and just regular old routine visits.
The facility is always clean and orderly and the front desk staff and techs keep everything moving smoothly.
The next day follow up calls after a procedure are appreciated.
Whenever I've called regarding a concern, I've always received a prompt call back.
I like the informational emails that are sent out (if desired) regarding topical pet care related subjects, specials, etc.
The postcards that are sent out reminding me of vaccinations coming due are very handy.
East Maryland just seems to go above and beyond.
Everyone there is very nice, but I particularly like the doctors.
We've met quite a few over the years and each has been knowledgeable, articulate, and caring.
I couldn't ask for a better team to help me keep my pets in the best health I possibly can and I highly recommend their services.

