please!!
save your time and hard earned money!
(and save your dignity 2!
) the woman at the office is SOOOOOO unprofessional and disrespectful and does not care if you stay there or not!
she even got irate and cursed at me and my g.f for accidentally taking her bed cover!
and see even kept our deposit for it!!
($29 and didnt want to give us a receipt!
kinda weird??
)...its obvious she dont like her job!...and she was treating the new trainee like she was a 5 year old that didnt know nothing!
(who was older than her and have no elderly respect also...sad btw)and the spanish speaking maintnance was very nice and polite but i could not say that about the russian-ish maintnance man he was also very disrespectful and annoying...as far as the actual living condition they are NOT ok UNLESS you are a drugee prostitue(had 1 next door) or a child molester that needs to get a room and get away from the PHX police!...looks like they were old run-down apts.
converted...SAVE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!
!...i hope the woman at the office and corp. see this review!

Pros: Decent rooms, fairly clean, nice pool and got the job done for short term stay  Cons: sorry if i offend anyone but everyone staying in these apartments is ghetto or trailer park trash.
EVERY night I would hear people cursing outside, getting into fights, and domestic disputes.
Bottom line = shady a$$ ppl and if you are a business professional coming to phoenix for a short stay, this is not your type of place.
Get a hotel instead.

This place is a joke.
The internet sucks.
Lousy cell phone reception.
A/C barely works.
I lived there for almost a year, rent was late a couple times but barely, never had a single complaint and all the sudden had my lease terminated and was given a little more than a week to leave.
Was told by the manager, when asked Why, "I'm not gonna get into it with you".
A year almost of paying rent and being a good tenant and booted without reason.
Even told that I'll receive good reference from them.
Wired.
Makes No sense.
They are shade.
I had No smoke detector for the first 9 months I was there which is illegal.. Also came home one day and a maintenance Man was inside my apartment without permission or reason, also illegal.
Some units are updated...but most are dilapidated and inundated with mold.
Many tenants are so disquisting that it smells incredibly bad just walking past their apartment.
I had laundry stolen twice and even thigh they have security cameras they did No good at all.
Surveillance cameras are only worth the surveillance they provide and apparently they did No good.
I wouldn't rent here.
It's cheap.
But the property owner is a slumlord that bullies tenants.
Don't waste your time

