The orange dream machine, and manga a go-go are my favorites!

Most people know all about Jamba Juice...this is just a review for the average joe who doesn't usually spend 5 bucks on one beverage.
This location is a hop and a skip away from the office...yet I've only gone here twice.
Reason is the price.
You can't get out of there spending less than $4 on one drink.
That's not my idea of pocket friendly...but, you are getting a really good beverage.
They have all kinds of smoothies and shakes and juices and such.
If its wet, they got it.
Well, not really.
But you get my point.
You will definitely find something you like here...and if not, then just create it!
This particular location has great service...at least the three times I've been there (just went during this review!).
All in all, its a treat to be had maybe once or twice a week for us regular folks...if you're a big timer then maybe you go everyday?
Its good good good stuff, that's for sure.

These guys here are great (in fact all the JJ I've been to), and the staff is exceptionally inviting and friendly.
This is a way better alternative to other types of fast food and drink type conveniences.
Check these guys out.

If there wasn't so much sugar in them, I would eat/drink Jamba Juice smoothies 2 out of 3 meals a day.
I haven't tried the oatmeal yet, but several friends have raved about it.

Super friendly staff and smoothies come out so fast...delicious too!

I like coming here from time to time, just walking in the place smells like fresh fruit!
I'm not a fan of the veggie-fruit mixes but if you are, they have them here.
Go for one of the strawberry based blends for the lowest calorie (fruit) mixes and you won't feel too guilty for such a tasty treat.
My favorite is an orange blend.
Mix in a boost for some added energy or brainpower and superpower your way through the day.
...although im not really sure you get enough boost to achieve super power status, I like to pretend I do!
(cape sold separately)

The white gummy is far and away the best thing on the menu!
the secret menu that is....   i've never been disappointing with the service or the product.
A+++

You cant go wrong....:)))) YAY!!

Went there for lunch because I heard this place has sandwiches.
I bought the Southwestern Chicken flatbread for almost $5.
When they pulled it out of it's little bag to cook it  I just about asked for my money back.
The thing was small for the price but I guess they are basing it on the calories.
It isn't really that bad but I'm still hungry.
Probably would not go there for the sandwiches anymore but just for the smoothies.

I love that they will take out the strawberries (allergic) in any recipe and replace them with another fruit.

This place is amazing!!
Just the people that work here are always half asleep.
Not energetic at all.
I LOVE the wheatgrass shots, seriously I always need to drink the 2 oz shot when I eat unhealthy or when I'm hungover.
A great fast way to detox.
I love to get anything that has an anti-oxidant.
I also like to get the turkey sausage and egg breakfast wrap.
One thing is that this place usually is never busy so they're fast!
over all if the employees were to be a bit more bubbly I would give this place 5 stars.

I've never been to a "bad" JJ before - the locations I've ever visited (LA, San Diego, Seattle, Phoenix) have all been consistent and obviously very standardized.
So, round-of-applause for that!
Went to the downtown location yesterday for lunch and was waiting *patiently* behind a lady who took the menu WAYYYYYY too seriously.
Damn woman!
It should not take 3-4 minutes to decide what smoothie you want?
Should it?
Or am I just an ass??
Well, anyways - the personnel noted this and started interacting w/the line (of 4 ppl) and started to get the smoothie making party started.
Great job!!!
But, sadly - I was not asked what free power boost I wanted in mine.
I really needed extra protein yesterday so boooo!
Regardless, the smoothie was fantastic - had the Light Mango-A-Go-Go.

Gotta love a place that has an "We love yelpers", sticker right there on their front window!!
Haven't been to a jamba in years now.
Totally worth stopping in for after a crazy morning.
Fresh fruit and juices were everywhere in the store.
Squeezed and blended right in front of you, makes the experience all the better.
Prices are affordable considering what you're coming in to order.
Whether this location or another jamba get yourself a wheatgrass shot, worth it!

I love Jamba Juice.
The Orange Carrot juice is my favorite.
Stopped by Jamba today and every time I do I ask myself why I do not go their more often?
Employees were courteous and efficient and when they were not helping us they were nonstop cleaning.

Always love getting a meal at Jamba!
The service here was amazing and the employees made my drink and flatbread perfectly!
Thanks for the awesome dinner!

