If you have been looking for a true hole in the wall Mexican restaurant for cheap tasty authentic Mexican cuisine, this is your place.
I must have driven by Juan's a thousand times on my way to work without ever noticing it.
It is a totally non-descript cinder block building with no windows or obvious entrances.
It's a little scary looking, especially since it is right next to the 51.
Trust me.
You need to check it out.
Inside is a bustling family run restaurant that feels like home.
The food is really good.
I have already been back several times since being introduced to Juan's by a friend.
It is destined to become a part of my restaurant rotation.

Not bad mexican food.
I like their guacamole - even though it looks like pureed baby food.
I usually get a bean and cheese deep fried burrito.
The salsa is kinda too hot for me.
I have eaten there at least 5 times and the food always seems to not be as hot as I would like, but still bearable.

Richelle and LJ turned me onto Juan's.
It is Great Authentic Mexican food.
Reasonably priced and nice clean atmosphere.

This is one of my favorite spots go dine after a loong wait of sitting around in the Indian Hospital's many waiting rooms.
I've never been there during lunch hours, usually right before the evening rush and I've never experienced a long wait.
I've noticed that it's pretty quiet, I'm usually sitting at the loudest table in the place!
The service is decent.
I've had better and I've also have had FAR worse!
The food is good.
Their combinations are GIANT!
And so is their soda!
They come in these HUGE cups, and it's hard for me to finish a second!
lol, but someone at my table is always willing to help me!
Their tortas are to DIE for!!
I always order either the Al Pastor or Carne Asada Torta!
Their salsa is very good but it can be a struggle to get the waitress to get a second bowl.
The staff behind the counter always seems busy preparing food and getting to-go orders ready.
It's sometimes cool to watch them go at it all warp speed!
One thing about this place is that you have to go up to the counter to get your ticket when you're ready to pay instead of having the waitress bring you the check.
This is a cultural thing, a lot of hardcore authentic mexican places are like this, so just go with it.
Parking in their lot can be a lil tricky, I've hit a few cars trying to park my car here, but I think it's because I'm a bad driver.
But still make sure your rear view and side view mirrors are facing the right direction!
:P and expect a great meal with no frills or BS pretention, this is the real deal... sure, there's better places to get great Mexican food in the town, but after spending half a day to have an IHS dr. tell me that all I need is tylnol, all I want is a flippin' taco!

So we walked into this place around 6pm.. it was SO hot and humid in there it was barely tolerable.
After we were sat this baby started screaming and puking all over the mother, the table, itself.. was pretty disgusting.
After getting over that the waitress brought over menu and chips and salsa.
Took one bite of the salsa, that was it.. out of here.
The salsa here is from a can.. tasted like tin with some added cumin.
The chips were cold, greasy, stale and soggy form the humidity.
Threw a buck in the table and walked out.
Perhaps its better in the winter time sans the swamp coolers and the puking baby?

Juan's is a fabulous Mexican restaurant in Central Phoenix.
Hidden near the 51 and Thomas Road in a building that looks like a sports or topless bar, Juan's offers excellent Mexican food with great prices and friendly service.
For under $6 one can order a huge burrito and a large ("small") bag of chips with salsa to go.
Even when the spacious restaurant is crowded, there is normally not a long wait to be seated and order.
Introduced to this restaurant by a friend of mine who was born in Phoenix, Juan's is now in my "regular rotation" for Mexican food and a place that I like to share with friends.

I am not sure that some of these people were at the right place.
I have never had a bad meal or experience there.
All food is homemade including the salsa.
The grilled shrimp are amazing!
If you order beans, rice and salsa..mix altogther..aka: "the mixture"...that's all you need on any given hangover or non-hanging day...it's like crack salsa....It has always been very clean and great service...go for breakfast or lunch before 11:15..then after 2...otherwise you will wait a very very very long time...or dinner you can always get a seat....LOVE YOU JUAN!

Food is good, not great but the best is the price.
Best price for Mexican food around.
We go in the early evenings and it's full.

I went to Juan's yesterday with some friends from work.
When we got back they asked us how it was.
It was okay.
I was pretty underwhelmed with the service, chips, and salsa- all pretty bland.
My chimichanga was okay, big and beefy, pretty difficult to mess up.
The guacamole was weird though, really thin and pureed, possibly from a mix even.
The beans and rice were standard, and everything came in very big portions, including the soft drinks which are roughly the size of a small bucket!
I liked my friends green chile plate much better than what I got, which is why Juan's gets a generous third star, otherwise, this place would be a solid 2 stars.
It is really, super cheap and they don't scrimp on the AC (it was about 60 degrees in there!
) Some people probably like that, I think it makes my food go cold way too fast.
Would I go again?
Meh.
Maybe.
If I was in front of it and felt like big, cheap Mexican food- otherwise there are many other places I would opt for.

With the exception of the tortillas, this place is pretty run-of-the-mill for Mexican food in Phoenix.

Juan's could be one of the best Mexican restaurants I have been to.
This is a family owned business.
The food is authentic, prices are cheap, service is great!
A friend of mine suggested that we go there because they did very well with the health department inspections.
What a great treat.
If you did not know it was there, you would never stop in.
Do yourself a favor, stop by if you are in the hood (16th street and Thomas)!
You won't regret it!

Let me start by saying that I didn't really like this place at all the first time I went.
It was divey and I couldn't get passed the salsa.
My wife is a big fan and would make me go and I just didn't dig it.
Oh but how things change as Juan's grew on me.
Since I first started going 2 or 3 years ago it has undergone a renovation and is a bit more appealing now than it used to be.
From torta's to tamales to cheecrisps I've never had anything I didn't like.
The food is solid, the prices are great.
I can't think of any place in central Phoenix that's as clean and friendly with prices as low.
I love the rice, the beans are okay too.
The only thing I don't like is the salsa which I can get over for the quality of everything else and the price.
Even my kids love the "little Juan's" menu, they always get the cheese enchilada and love it.
Not too spicy and pretty darn good.
Juan's is a jewel of central Phoenix and after a little convincing I'm glad I found it.
Cons: I don't like the salsa Not open on Sundays  Pros: Friendly and speedy service Great prices Good size menu Beer You can watch them make the food

Well if you think this is Authentic and great food the Mexican cooks you know aren't very good.
I went with Authentic Mexican friends and none were impressed by the food.
I called it mediocre and they called it less than.
To me it reminded me of Home EC, Mexican food cooking lessons of the inexperienced Jr High Student.
Oh, but wait... they don't teach Home EC anymore!
So grading this meal (dinner) would be difficult.
At least the waitress had a cool air about her that said I don't eat much of anything here, so you can't hold my opinion up to any of this feed.
That's right feed not food.
Furthermore the decor and vibe in the place is lacking.
Sitting there reminded me of a pass life experience of eating and waiting at a bus terminal.

I love the salsa; plenty of garlic and no green chilies.
I pick up to-go containers all the time, and it  gets hotter and tastier the longer is sits in the fridge.
This is the kind of Mexican place where everything is fried.
There's no windows, so if you go at a peak time, you're going to smell when you leave.
It is dive-ish, but it's family run and they are really nice folks.
Everything is good, especially the albondigas soup.
Get a combo with whatever you want, as the rice and beans are top-notch.

This place gets slammed at lunch and I don't think the restaurant does that well of managing the rush.
I have been here a few times and you typically need to wait longer than usual for your food.
The food quality is good and the service is ok if you can catch one of them.
The prices are surprisingly low... overall the place is just ok.

One of my father's patients had recommended Juan's and said it was the best Mexican food around.
My Dad and I decided to test that theory on a recent trip I had to Phoenix.
Juan's is an unassuming box building with a green awning and sign that reads "Juan's Authentic Mexican Food.
" After entering, the first thing I noticed was that there were a lot of Hispanic people enjoying their lunch, which is always a good sign.
The establishment is clean and simple.
You have the option to take out or dine in with waitress service.
Dine in we did and we were greeted by the peppiest waitress I've come across in a long time.
I ordered a carne asada burrito, enchilada style and with sour cream and guacamole on the side.
It was excellent, and ridiculously filling.
In fact, sad enough as it is, I couldn't even put it all down.
And to wash all that down I had a nice sized horchata.
My Dad had a quesadilla and was equally satisfied.
Mmm, I'll be back Juan.
Mark my words.

Juans is like finding the perfect shade of lipstick, you feel so lucky and good all day!!!
i LOOOOVE this place, one of my favorites, an close to my casa~!~ EVERYTHING and i do mean that is there ggin tastic!
good prices, daily specials and you can call an order in and it will be ready in 10 minutes!
go, NOW what you waitin for!!

Juan's is my all-time favorite Mexican food restaurant.
Usually we call ahead and pick it up because the lunch rush CAN be a  bit daunting, but for all of the business they do, they seem to handle it as well as possible.
the service is always friendly and the portions are huge and cheap.
the salsa is fantastic!
if you're in a hurry, i recommend ordering to go or going EARLY or LATE.

Juan's has the best bean burritos!
Freindly, clean & independant.

We used to go to Carolina's regularly, but after reading reviews on Juan's, I thought I would give them a try.
Have never gone back to Carolina's.
The food served at Juan's is delicious and cheap.
Their nachos with guac and machaca are the best I have ever had.
The service is quick and I always feel at home there.
I try to go once a week, and I never walked out disappointed.
For me, that's great atmosphere.
They sure sodas in huge glasses, as is their generous portions.
Their green corn tamales are the best, as is their green enchilada sauce.
Also a favorite are their cheese crisps, machaca enchilada and ground beef tacos.
Try their sopapillas for desert.

I don't give any restaurant a 5STAR; but Juan's is as close as I get.
I've been going to Juan's since it used to be on the NE corner of 16th Street & Thomas (1994?
); when the kids were small; now they are much older - and all still working at the restaurant.
I don't think there is one thing on the menu I haven't had.
But to give you suggestions: * Chile Relleno - won't go to anywhere else * Green Corn Tamales - didn't like them until Juan's * Machaca (either Burritos or Plate) * Refried Beans - plain & simple but the best around.
* Beef Tacos, hey I love them - can't explain it just do.
* Burritos always at least 2 meals for me.
I love that they expanded and made it with more booths.
Love Arriba's, Sylvia's La Canasta, Mi Patio, La Tolteca and many others...But, Juan's will hold a special place in my heart & stomach...

The food here is delicious, authentic Mexican food and the servers are very friendly.
However, if this place is crowded, be prepared to wait a long time for your food...I waited 45 minutes once -yikes!
The prices are great though and my family of four ate here for about $24 which is an awesome deal.

Ok, I'm pulling out the five stars... their services now is now much faster, the food is so reasonable, the staff is friendly.
I find myself coming in once a week now.

This nice, mid-sized place opens at 10 & already had a good crowd when I arrived at 10:40 this morning.
After receiving a nice greeting upon entry, I got situated in a comfortable booth & ordered a #14 Combo, which featured my usual, a Chile Relleno, a shredded beef taco, Spanish Rice & refried beans.
Right away, my friendly server  brought me chips & salsa, & they were both GREAT!
Pretty soon I had wolfed up the whole bowl of salsa, & she brought me more, right away, without me even having a chance to ask!
Pretty soon my Combo arrived, & everything was really delicious!
The Chile Relleno was zingy without being too hot, & the refried beans were extra good, too.
The portions were generous, & on top of that I received a huge, hot flour tortilla rolled up in aluminum in foil.
(They don't let you leave this place hungry!
)  My whole experience here was 5-Stars in every way, including the very reasonable price of $7.29!
Woohoo!
:-))

Nothing too special about this place.
Just close to where we live.

I originally gave this place 4 stars.
In hindsight that may not have been appropriate and I'm downgrading it to 3 stars.
I haven't been for a while now as the last time I went I had a tamale that was just not good.
So I have had not-so-good food there now and felt I should revise accordingly.
3 stars is A-OK which I think is a fair rating for a place with such great prices and good service.

My friends, who live in Arizona, brought me here promising me a great dining experience with fantastic authentic Mexican food.
Being from Alaska, I don't get the chance for authentic Mexican food very often.
I was severely disappointed.
The service was horrible.
We waited too long to get a table, too long to get our order taken, and way too long for boxes for our food.
The staff was friendly, just incredibly slow.
Granted, the restaurant was full.
The food, however, was also a letdown.
I've had better Mexican food in Alaska.
Won't be going here again.

Another mixed bag when it comes to Mexican food.
Juan's was pretty good; in fact, I really liked pico de gallo a lot as well as the pork and green chile burrito.
But, I am a stickler for chips and salsa.
Most places always serve fresh chips and refreshing salsa, but Juan's chips were stale.
Also, the salsa tasted like tomato juice mixed with diced veggies; it almost had me saying, "NEW YORK CITY?!
" (hopefully that joke isn't too outdated).
On top of that, the tacos I got were also a bit stale.
Again though, the pork and green chile burrito (served enchilada style) and the pico were wonderful!
Ahh!
Such a mixed experience!
I know I'll be back to Juan's eventually, but now I know what I'll probably stay away from on the menu (it is possible it was a fluke, but we'll see).
The service was pretty speedy and pleasant so I can recommend it for a quick/cheap bite, but choose your food wisely.

I agree that Juans is good but its not the best Mexican food I have ever had.
What makes or breaks a Mexican restuarant for me is the chip and salsa and I thought the chips and salsa were average at Juans.
I had the combo #15 which is a cheese enchilada and a beef or chicken taco w rice and beans.
The refried beans were the best part, they are super tasty.
The price is right and the portions are big.

I love me my Juan's!
I debated between 4 and 5 stars.
I decided on 5, and I will tell you why!
FOOD gets the 5 stars- a rating for "Old School Mexican Food"; not for Elements or Kai.
In the genre of budget-priced Mexican food, it's a 5 star.
The food is SOOOO good!
It is that old school Sonoran style type of Mexican I remember from when I was a kid in Phoenix (60's-70's).
It is simple, generous servings but not monstrously so.
The staff are long-term, get to know you types.
They work hard, and are very easy going when it comes to just about anything; even when you pay, they'll take your group's bill and allow you to pay one at a time, so no dealing with a split check a the table.
This is good for groups going out for lunch from work.
In the early 90's there original location was on 16th St- TINY... and they were renown for their burros.
They are still a mainstay today and if you aren't certain of what to order, get a burrito.
Their tortas are also exceptional.
I am partial to the basic combo plates.
The drawbacks:  and yes, there are some-    TIME.
I would go more often, but the amount of time you will wait can be very inconsistent.
Even when we arrive early (for lunch), there can be delays.
I shouldn't be gone for more than an hour for lunch, and have been 90 minutes twice when out at Juan's.
For me, this is a problem.
And even though i really like the wait-staff, i think that there are some organizational issues that cause the hold-ups.
Maybe understaffed?
I don't know for sure, but it's worth mentioning.
CHIPS.
I like the chips and hot sauce, but don't LOVE them.
They are the old school variety, which are OK but I do like me some really hot out of the fryer chips served with cold chunky salsa, and that's not what you'll get here.
You will get the smooth red hot sauce and usually tepid thicker chips.
If you  haven't tried Juan's, and you don't have an inflexible schedule, DEFINITELY give them a try.
Order an old favorite, and see if you like how they prepare it.

After reading the revues its really kinda a mixed bag.
I mean if you don't want to wait for a table, don't go at peak hours.
I've never had any thing stale or old tasting.
They have a huge menu serving alot of different dishes.
I have to admit, I usually order a la cart because I cant finish a combo.
Right now I'm stuck on the cheese enchilada, side of beans, and a large flour tortilla and they are huge!
The service is always excellent and I have never had any long delays in getting waited on or getting the food.
There is nothing I know of on the menu that isn't tasty.
But, one the I would like to mention is the things you can take home: such as tortillas2.45 for a dozen that weigh over 3 lbs.,  hot sauce very reasonable, beans at a good price.
Just a thought.
Oh and I can't remember being made to feel as welcome as I do at Juans.
Ciao

It was windy & rainy this morning, as I was out running errands.
I realized that it was just the right weather for some great Mexican food, so I whipped in here to Juan's for a second visit!
Now if it's a torta you want, there's no substitute for Los Reyes de la Torta, but for a regular Mexican menu, I can't recommend this place highly enough.
Here are a few points from my experience today:  *  Super comfortable atmosphere due to window free dining room with just-right lighting & acoustics!
Yes, the place is busy...
Yes, there are lots of kids.
No, nothing will interfere with your comfort, especially in any one of the booths lining both available walls.
The "vibe" is just perfect here!
*  Their extensive, easy to understand menu gives you plenty of Combination choices, & at low prices!
*  The chips are terrific, & the delicious salsa is just hot enough.
... And yes, they're free!
(Yes, some Mexican places are charging for chips now!
Can you imagine?
)  *  I have been waited on by "Crystal" both times that I've been here, & received extra friendly, "just right" service!
I had a #14 Combo today ($7.29), which included a Chile Relleno (made with a Big Jim New Mexico Chile), a shredded beef taco, generous servings of refried beans & cheese topped Spanish Rice, & three hot corn tortillas rolled up in foil on the side.
The food here is a little fiesty overall, but not super hot, & it's all delicious.
This is a restaurant where everything is right!
:-))

We usually get Juan's take out 2-3x's a month.
Never disappointed!
My favs are the Taco Combo plate with shredded beef.
Another favorite is the green corn tamales.
I have never gotten a stale chip or not to par salsa from there in my life!
Chips are warm when I pick up and the salsa is fresh with the great mix of cilantro and spice.
Must be luck.
I have only dined in 2 times, and the service was great both times, even though it was pretty packed.
They even refilled when I was only half full on the drink.
This place is consistently good!

This afternoon Rand H. and I stopped in for an early dinner.
It was nice and cool inside.
There was a booth available to our left as we stepped in the door.
We were greeted with chips and each our own little bowl of spicy good salsa.
No more than 3 min later we were greeted by our hostess Crystal and asked what we would like to drink.
One minute later as we wet our whistles we ordered our din din.
Rand ordered a #14 Chile Relleno & shredded beef taco, and I ordered a # 36 Pescado Relleno (Fish) plate.
No more than 7 min.
later I was looking at my meal and it was looking at me.
(The fish was served flayed open with head and tail still attached.
) ONE WORD:  Yummy!
It was tasty as can be, and I was glad, as I normally order a Carne Asada Burrito when I eat Mexican food.
I highly recommend this spot and It's a shame Alexander and Nader had such a soggy humid experience here.
It seems to have been fixed as this was not the case on my first visit here this evening.
Oh, and I liked the old photos of things like Poncho Villa's Wanted poster and other early 1900's historical Mexican events.

Their food is delish!
No matter what dish I've had , I've never been dissapointed.
I would say the prices sometimes are a lil higher but food is good!
I was a fan before they changed locations, they used to be a small hole in the wall on 16th and Thomas...
I hate their new locations it's hiddend and parking sucks.
BUt the food is worth it!

This place is great.
It is divey and cheap, yet it has fresh tasty food coupled with outstanding service.
It is also very clean.
This full service restauraunt has nothing on the menu over $10 and everything is wonderful including some of the best rice and beans in the valley.
the food is authentic and everything is not covered with hot melted cheese.
The tamales, burritos, carne asada and enchiladas are great.
This place is always crowded but has lots of tables and  I have never had a hard time geating a seat and I have no problems saying this is one of the best mexican spots in the valley.

Oh, Juan's, you taunt me with your scrumptious #28 (cheese enchilada and chili relleno).
The beau and I recently discovered this place, way too close to our home, and we now need to eat their two or three times a week.
Really good chips and a fresh, simple and bright-flavored salsa.
Packed at lunch time but they still have super fast service.

I am giving Juans 3 stars.
Only because I have came here for 8 years now.
Way before the crowds and the long waits to get a seat (very annoying).
When a Bean & cheese burrito was just $1.
Time after time I have given in to coming here because of the Green Chile Burritos and Beans.
This last visit I had it.
I am sorry.
I know the family who owns this place work hard.
The father, mother and children we have seen here constantly trying to keep the place afloat.
But please, hire a few more people to help you out.. You are gonna lose loyal customers.
I couldn't believe almost 20 minutes waiting for a table then another 30 to get cold food :( Very disappointing.

Superior to taco shops and even less expensive.

We drive from Scottsdale just to have Juan's food!
If you are looking for 5 star atmosphere, not here, but if you are looking for 5 star food.
You are in the right place!!!
This Phoenix restaurant is family owned - Mom runs the kitchen, daughters run front of house with mom and dad and the brother run back of house (except for the cooking) and the register.
Once they know you, it feels like you are part of the family!

I was in the area and was looking for a casual Mexican restaurant and stopped in here on a whim.
Juan's is in a older building and there's nothing fancy about the place, but the food met and exceeded my expectations, in flavor, quantity and price.
I had a Chile Rilleno and a Chicken Enchillda with retried beans, and it was all delicious.
When I ordered the Relleno my waitress raved about how good they were, and from the first bite I understood her enthusiasm - I wished I had ordered 2 more!
The salsa was good enough for me to take home some - I'm kinda tired of the diced-tomato kind, Juan's is more like a sauce, and I'm still enjoying it at home.
I'll definitely keep this place in mind.

Lots of food, low price Large choice, good chips, salsa warm Tastes good anytime  I was sure I'd written another review of Juan's.
The pictures on the Welcome tab still scream, "Write!
write!
write!
" at me.
Why am I trying to write Haiku for a Mexican restaurant?
Arizona, U.S.A.    Nevermore

best kept secret in Phoenix and we love it that way, it can get crowded on Friday nights and Saturdays Anyone I have sent there becomes a fan instantly Family owned and run, you go there a few times, they know exactly who you are and what you eat.
Love, Love, Love this gem, have lived in Phoenix all my life and know that there aren't too many AUTHENTIC mexican food places like this around!

This place is amazing.
Everything I've ordered has been so good, and the price point is right where it should be.
I generally order the machaca, tamales, or the supreme nacho's with shredded beef.
That machaca is so freaking good.
I can eat it by the spoon full!

I used to love to eat at this place.
But it seems everyone goes there and is always packed.
Not enough cooks & servers to feed the mass of people who eat there.
The staff always seems rude, to wait for your food for about an hour is crazy.
You don't even have to wait that long a a steak house where the food is cooked fresh, not sitting.

Visited on March 1 for dinner with a large group.
It was super crowded, pretty noisy (these are things I can forgive if the food is good).
Service wasn't great either, there were only 3 servers and they were working pretty hard.
We waited a long time for our orders and about 2 people had to wait a really long time for their food.
The chips and salsa were eh, ok.
I ordered a chicken enchilada and a beef taco, no sides.
The food was bland and not too flavorful.
Unfortunately, a person in our party found a hair in their taco.
After hunting down our server, she quickly took it away, but there was quite a wait for the new plate.
It's cheap, but I wouldn't go back unless I had no choice.

Prices were cheap however food was served well after others who came in and they literally put Brown gravy on the Mexican food, staff ignored simple requests...only reason for 1 star was due to price

I had the number 12 to go.
I was disappointed with this dish.
It was greasy and had too much cheese.
It was also fairly bland.

Juan's is so-so, acceptable but the guacamole, salsa, and chips are not homemade.
I have been coming here for about 10 years, although not frequently.
We know the family that runs the place and everyone gives great service except for the owner who is unfriendly.
Lunch hour is always packed, be prepared to wait and no matter what, the wait to get your food is always slow no matter how empty or packed.
On our recent visit, our chips were cold and stale, you could taste the lard and the salsa is a runny type most likely from a bottle.
At least that's what is tastes like.
Nothing about the beans and rice stands out.
The burritos are well made and are pretty much the highlight of the menu.
The prices are cheap $7-8 combos.
Good if you are in the area but given the choice of having to take a drive, you can find better Mexican elsewhere.

Delicious, authentic, fairly cheap and friendly.
Chicken supreme nachos are delicious as are the chile rellanos

Deeeeee-lish!
Good, old fashioned and legit Mexican food.
It seriously tastes like you're enjoying a home cooked meal at a friends' home.
Simple plates full of flavorful food.
I demolished my chile relleno, beef taco and rice and beans.
Yep, all by myself.
The prices are so affordable too that I can see why customers keep going back.
Staff are friendly and service is good too.
An all over good go to spot for satisfying your craving for good homstyle Mexican food.

My brother and I have been going to Juan's for years.
It is family owned and they recognize us every time we walk in.
The service is solid, but they do get busy during lunch so sometimes you do have to be a little patient depending on the time you are eating.
The food is good and cheap.
I recommend the #1 with a soft chicken taco and a green beef burro.
I also like the #22 which is a steak burrito with onions, peppers, guacamole and comes with a side of rice and beans.

Really, you guys think chips should be the basis of a good or bad rating?????
wow how about the actual food, the real meal, not the free stuff in front of you to nibble while you are waiting.
Juan's has awesome food, nothing I haven't liked yet, red, green, chicken, carne asada.
you name it mmmm good.
Old school eating without all the bells and whistles.
They don't load the plate with a pound of cheese and a half a pound of garnish like some places (carlos O) does.
Nor do they just do 1 thing great and forget the rest- it's all great.
And then you have other places that grill meat or do something fancy with fish/chicken or meat and slop half cooked rice and garbage beans on your plate.
This is good home grown mexican food!
Great family that has made an awesome business themselves.
Many many others must agree or they wouldn't be so packed most of the time, great neighborhood place too, that's why you see them do so many take out orders.

I love Juans!
I have been coming here for about 10 years and the food is definitely authentic!
I have always had great service and most of the time is is pretty quick.
I have found the owner, Juan, to be very friendly.
The salsa is great and I haven't had anything I don't like here.
Their refried beans are fantastic and my favorite is their green chile!
I highly recommend Juans!

Family owned homestyle mexican food for the masses.
Good flavor inexpensive.
quesadillas for the kids and cheese crisps to start while you wait .
Guac is good.
My fave are the tacos chicken or beef.
I have friends who are fans of the green chile really havent had anything on the menu I didnt like.
They do serve beer as well.
During dinner area is full and they usually have two servers.
Always friendly (maybe just not peppy) and even if food isnt fast its not because the workers are sitting around twiddling thumbs.

Been going to Juan's for over 10 years.
It is family owned, they are great people but don't expect them to be gregarious, they seem somewhat shy.
This place has great family style Mexican food.
The salsa is not out of the can as some have suggested, it is fantastic.
The chips are a weak spot, not always fresh or hot.
I love the chimichanga and carne asada tacos.
You can't this quality and quantity of food for less than $8 anywhere else.
The beans and rice are also great, if not understated.
Another way to rate a restaurant is it's cleanliness.
They always get top ratings by the county health department.
They can get really busy at lunch and Friday nights, guess lots of other people think this place it great.
Another sign that the place is good....lots of cops eat there too!

Full disclosure:  It's probably getting a bump because it's so close.
That said, I was hungry, wanted Mexican, and Juan's did not disappoint.
Green Chili pork burro totally hit the spot - atmosphere was clean and welcoming.
Chili Relleno was good, not mind blowing, but certainly not the worst.
I'd go back for sure...
In fact since its so close, I could see it being a go to spot for the south of the border cravings.
Which reminds me...
I'm overdue for a Soñoran dog.

Is the best!!!
Enchiladas are best!

I work close to Juan's and have been here on a few occasions.
I often find myself wondering why they are always so busy or what makes them so popular.
The food is good, not great, but still good.
I'm not convinced that the guacamole isn't made from powder.
The beans are runny, the rice is pretty average and the service isn't the fastest or the best.
Funny thing is I still go back from time-to-time.
If you want a decent meal at a good price then by all means this will do the trick.
If you are going for lunch give yourself plenty of time or call in advance and pick it up.
The parking lot is small and fills up quickly.

Juan's is a Phoenix staple in my opinion.
I moved here from the Northwest about 3 years ago and I've tried just about every Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix downtown area.
Juan's is defiantly up there with the best of them, the burritos are awesome and filling, the carne asada is amazing and the tacos are WHOA!
I'd recommend this spot to anyone looking for a large, Delicious meal not looking to spend a lot of money (did I mention they were cheap?!?

My favorite place for mexican food!
i'm here at least once a week.
There might be only be a handful of places that have better mexican food but dollar for dollar this place is by far the best!

Hands down, this is some of the best tasting Mexican food in Phoenix.
The staff is very friendly, recognizes just about all of their regulars and make you feel like family while at their restaurant.
At times, the wait can be a little lengthy but it's worth the time and it allows you to enjoy more of their delicious salsa and chips.
I recommend the chile relleno or red chile tamale.

Juan's is definitely an awesome place for tacos and burritos.
I have eaten at Juan's for a couple of years now.
The only thing is that if you come for lunch on your lunch break you will have to make sure you tell your boss that you will be gone for a couple of hours.
:)  I say that because they are always really busy and the place is not really that big.
It was nice when they expended the restaurant last year.
I love there tacos,  it is really worth the wait.
So,  if you are driving around and looking for a place to eat you should head over to Juan's.
The wait staff is always really friendly and they go pretty quick too.

Just ate at Juan's after a terrible experience at Barrio's (around the corner).
Boy am I glad Barrio's sucked because discovering Juan's was definitely the silver lining.
Great food, super cheap, and, even better, run by a very friendly family.
Had a great neighborhood feel to it (we were visiting Children's Hospital and don't live in the area).
Diverse lunchtime crowd including artists, firemen, and hospital staff and everyone seemed like they were regulars.
Juan's is a gem.
We'll definitely be back whenever we have my nephew at Children's (which sadly, is all too often).

I've gone to Juan's on and off over the past ten years.
I return, because I forget that the last time I went I told myself to not go again.
I agree with a previous rater, Juan's food is so-so and acceptable.
Generally speaking, the service might be called good service ("...except for the owner who is...").
Be prepared to wait and no matter what, the wait to get your food is always slow no matter how empty or packed--ESPECIALLY if you order take out and ask how long before pick up will be ready.
On a recent occasion, I placed a take out order and asked the owner on the phone how long it would take and he told me 20 min.
I waited 15 min before leaving the house and it took 5 min to get there.
When I arrived and asked for my order, I was courteously advised by the cashier that it was "not yet finished.
" I watched the kitchen staff as they initiated preparing my order from the beginning.
As I observed this process I asked the clerk why she said my order was already in process and she responded that "...it was.
"  When I had first inquired about my order (having been told it was 'nearly ready') I asked whether chips had been included and the owner advised me that I would have had to have ordered chip and paid for them.
While I waited AT the restaurant for my order for 20 min (that is in addition to the 20 min I waited before leaving my home) I would have thought management would have been courteous enough to offer me chips while I waited.
They did not.
So, instead of apologizing for the inconvenience of waiting on them or making my wait pleasant, I left a very dissatisfied customer.
When I got home with my order, I had to endure my companion's complaints that the Albondigas was skimpy on the meatballs.
Same said companion used to frequent Juan's extensively several years ago when he worked closer.
He now challenges me each time I indicate intent to go there and refreshes my memory on past disappointments.
The burritos are indeed well made and are pretty much the highlight of the menu.
The tosdadas shell are not freshly fried (you can see them sitting on a shelf above the grill), yet, my tostada was still soft.
The prices are cheap $7-8 combos.
Again, fair if you are in the area but you can find better Mexican elsewhere, even nearby..

Not such a bad place.
It has a reputation in some quarters as a sort of Mecca.
You'll get good prices on decent Mexican in totally unpretentious surroundings.
Not really Mecca

Juan's has the best beef tacos.
And their lemon margaritas are really good too.
Sometimes they get pretty busy but that's because it's good.
The service doesn't really suffer, just the timing of when you get your food.
But it's well worth it.

Simple Mexican food.
Fresh and homemade, friendly fast service and great prices.
Whats not to love about Juans?

This is my favorite place for Mexican food.
Not familiar with Mexican food from Mexico, but this food is the closest to authentic as my Tia's.
Prices are very reasonable, the staff is friendly and I like the inviting atmosphere.
It can get full, but we have never had to wait long at all.
This year our family had Juan's cater my Tia's funeral services on a Saturday.
Some family could not make it in to town until Sunday, so we had to cancel the order, the restaurant is closed on Sundays.
We informed the owner of our reason for canceling and apologized.
The owner took time out of his Sunday to cater my Tia's funeral services.
We cannot thank him enough for going out of his way to do this for our family...and everyone loved the food!
Many Thanks!!!

Stopped back in here today for a 3rd (at least) lunch visit.
Here's how things were:  *  Super comfortable atmosphere due to window free dining room with just-right lighting & acoustics accented by the soft voices of the cheerful staff members and  many other customers.
The vibración (¿Feng shui en Espanól?
) continues to be just perfect here, as it was on my previous visits!
*  Their extensive, easy to understand menu still gives you plenty of Combination choices, & at low prices that have only increased a little, 40¢ in my case, since my last visit 2 1/2 years ago.
:-)  *  The chips are terrific, & the delicious chunky style salsa is just hot enough.
... And yes, they're free!
Can you believe some Mexican places are charging extra for chips these days?
¡¡¿¿QUÉ PASA CON LA??!!
:-O  *  My service was friendly & just right, as it has been every time I've been here before.
My server wasn't Crystal this time but another young lady who also earned 5 Stars, just like everything else about this place.
I wish I had gotten her name.
I had a #14 Combo again today ($7.69), which included a Chile Relleno (made with a Big Jim New Mexico Chile), a shredded beef taco, generous servings of refried beans & cheese topped Spanish Rice, & a big flour tortilla, hot & rolled up in foil on the side.
The food here is a little feisty overall but not super hot, & it's all delicious in this great restaurant where everything was JUST RIGHT again today!
:-))

Best Mexican food I've ever had, especially the horchatas.
Great service and all of the things on the menu are homemade

I Ordered the red Machac Burrito with rice and beans enchilada style it came to the table hot there rice and beans are absolutely fabulous I don't think the beans are necessarily fat free but splurge it's worth it they give you chips and salsa when you arrive at the table the chips are hot and Salsa is perfect it was an absolute treat to Fine this place and it would not have been possible if not for Yelp so thank everyone out there yup society you did a good job today D

Great food.
Great price.
Great service.
Go.

Juan's Wednesday.
It's a thing!
(At least where I work...)  While I can't vouch for the restaurant itself, I do know the food to-go is awesome.
I got the carne asada burro which was $4.79 and worth every penny.
Beware of food belly: it's all meat!
(Well there's onion, cilantro, and guac in there too, but it's mostly meat) The tortillas aren't quite as good as Carolina's, but they are a little denser/stretchier which is good when you're not up for messing around with a messy burrito.
The meat was flavorful, and lean!
I hate when there's a bunch of fatty goobery pieces in the carne, and Juan's didn't disappoint.
I only ate a little over half of the burrito because it was so big...and I needed room for chips and salsa.
Now the do or die: chips and salsa.
I fancy myself a salsa connoisseur, and this was 8/10 only because I prefer a chunkier salsa.
The flavor was really great though: smoky and spicy and obviously fresh.
The chips are house made and perfect--firm but not hard, and crispy delicious.
Hence my conversion to Nachos next week.
Normally, I reserve nachos for sports bars and happy hours, but next Juansday I am totally ordering the machaca nachos.
My work husband got them and they look/sound delicious.
Give it a try.
You know you ... JUAN to.
*dies laughing*

Co-worker of mine told me about this hidden treasure and I decided to give it a try.
It is located not in the best place in town but location doesn't matter for me because I went there for authentic Mexican food.
The place was packed during lunch with families and blue collar workers.
That should give you a clue that its the spot.
We ordered Green Chilli, Tacos and Quesedila to split three ways.
Green Chili was amazing, tacos and  quesedila were good.
Overall I had great experience and I can't wait to go back there.

Juan's is a neighborhood restaurant with good food.
Nothing fancy, just good food.
We live in the neighborhood and have been there many times.
Good selection of beers and friendly staff.
I think you'll like comfortable atmosphere.

Visited Juan's after reading the numerous complementary reviews.
Unfortunately, our experience did not come close to that of more enthusiastic reviewers.
The service left something to be desired, primarily because we had to wait over thirty minutes for our food to arrive, even though the restaurant was not packed until after we received our food.
Additionally, I was not impressed by the tamale on my plate and found the cheese enchilada cold.
My husband was also less than impressed by his chile relleno, but found it more edible than my food.
Overall, we have had much better Mexican food at numerous other establishments in the Phoenix area and will not be returning.

We are lucky enough that this is our neighborhood spot...it feels like half the people in there are regulars every time we go.
Above average quality for super cheap prices, I am in love with their tortas!
ONE WARNING: the tamales are not very good, avoid them here.
everything else however is great, you will be wwaddling around full for an afternoon

I was hesitant on trying Juan's, as I fellow Yelper who I respect, totally slammed this place, several years ago.
Well, I am glad I did give this place a chance.
For what it is (cheap Mexican food place) it is very good.
I did not love the chips and salsa (free) but the food was fresh and tasty.
Refried Beans, great, rice was so, so.
Their taco's reminded us of a famous taco place in California (Tito's) they do serve beer and wine (wine is super cheap at $2.50 per glass) our server was really nice.

This is terrible.
The food is very bland and service is very slow.
The employees act like they're the only restaurant in town.
Do yourself a favor and skip this one.

Place is family owned and operated which is a big plus for me.
They serve the authentic Mexican food I grew up with...there are no others around!
I believe the bad reviews are because the people are accustomed to another style of Mexican food, or the chain restaurants.
If bad service is the issue, everyone has a bad day.
However, it is not an excuse!
Good service is hard to find Anywhere!

Great food ... Best rice and beans from a Mexican restaurant.
I like  this place a lot

Juan's is by far the greatest Mexican food spot in the valley.
I may be biased since I have been eating here for 20 years now (Used to be located on 16th st where the Walgreens is).
I dont need a cool "hippster" vibe to add to my meal....just give me the basics; Delicious, friendly with great service.
Green Chille Burrito-Amazing Rice and Beans-Amazing Tamale, encilaldas, taco's...every item on their menu is a solid decision and you wont be dissapointed.
New to the resturant?
Ask the server for suggestions.
I have my favorite dishes there but after eating there so often I have literly asked the waitress to suprise me and have never been let down.

I live on Mexican food!
They have the best Mexican take out seriously!
I love the tacos and the burritos here.
Also they are pretty quick, clean and have awesome people working here.
If your in the mood for Mexican this is the place to go!
I have to complaints .

Been going here for a long time, and am completely enamored with the food, service, prices and family-run atmosphere every time.
I take everyone that visits there for a taste of 'real mexican food' and it's one of the only places I love enough to review.
The prices are great, and the food is both incredibly tasty and remarkably consistent from visit-to-visit.
I honestly don't know why, but it's also the only Mexcan restaurant where I always leave feeling full in a good way - I've never felt the typical pains associated with overeating after leaving, even when I've certainly gotten too full.
I recommend the Enchiladas, beef tacos and tamale in their #12, or the steak gorditas in #13.
They're slammed during lunch on weekdays so get there by 11AM or after 1PM.

Really good food at the given price.
If you're looking for cheap, good Mexican, this is the place to go to.
Will definitely go back.

