I grew up with 20/20 vision.
I did not need glasses until several years after I graduated from college... but years of sitting in front of a computer must've gotten to me.
A friend of mine referred me to Dr. Kantor when I moved here and complained that I was squinting all of the time and probably needed an eye exam.
From the first phone call and appointment, I've been 100% satisfied with my decision to go to Central Phoenix Eye Care.
I've been several times since then, and I think I have fewer wrinkles on my forehead now because I've been squinting less!
I've received numerous compliments on my regular frames and prescription sun glasses also...
The entire staff is friendly and helpful.
I am one of those people that needs help knowing what looks good (and what does not).
Susan is the one that helped me pick out frames and she is honest!
If I liked a frame, she would shake her head and say 'I think we can do better!
'  She keeps up with the trends and walks you through the process that would probably be a bit overwhelming without her help.
I believe the office is open an alternating Saturdays for anyone that may have a tough time getting there during Monday-Friday.
Two bonuses are that you can always take your glasses in for free cleaning and/or adjustment and that the office will work with your vision insurance to save you $$!
If your vision is not as sharp as it once was, or if you find yourself squinting at your computer reading this review, give Central Phoenix Eye Care a call... it's painless and as pleasant as it can be to go to the doctor!

I have to say that this office is amazing.
I went there for my eye exam and got my glasses at this very hip, sexy awesome place.
I had my boyfriend go there and he got these amazing glasses from Central Phoenix Eye Care and WOW, he is happy with the glasses and their service.
He wears his glasses all the time, but I don't...and they broke twice and the Central Phoenix folks found new stems and replaced them immediately - at no charge.
They were super warm, supportive and friendly.
I am 100% delighted to report that I will be getting my new glasses there!

At the referral of our great Gabi (in a previous Yelp) ...
I took my first ever trip to the eye Dr.
I have NO IDEA how this was all supposed to go down but it was seamless.
Great attentive service.
Nothing to complain about.

I'm blind as a bat and have been wearing glasses since the womb, so I've done this a lot.
The office can be kind of confusing to find, I was looking for a sign for Central Phoenix Eye Care, but on from the street it says Family Eye Care- or something along this lines, so it was a good thing I remembered the Dr's name.
( Park around back it's much closer than the first parking lot)  Once you get inside the office is nice and bright and there a lot of opticians bustling about with customers.
I was disappointed that all of the opticians seemed pretty bummed to be at work.
No one was smiling and the entire visit from beginning to end with them felt like a chore!
Especially when I was picking out my glasses, I felt like a nuisance to the (slightly pushy) lady helping me and actually didn't choose a pair because of it.
Not one even laugh at any of my hilarious jokes, so you know something was wrong!
Unfortunately I don't think this was a fluke- with my initial appointment and follow-ups I've been to the office 3 times all to meet the same doldrum attitudes.
I saw Dr. Johnson for my exam and he was very thorough, informative, and friendly.
I will probably go back to Central Phoenix Eye Care because the time I spent with the doctor was definitely what I was hoping for when I chose this office.
I sure wish those grumpy opticians would just buck up!
It would make everyone's experience much more enjoyable!

I went to a different eye doctor and had problems with my vision when I got my glasses from him.
I went back to him and he rechecked me and said there was nothing wrong with the prescription, I just needed to look through a different part of the lens (which was total BS)   I went to Dr Frank for a second opinion.
He was very thorough  and found the problem and fixed it.
He gave me the proper prescription and also had my lenses shaped a different way that was better for my eyes.
I highly recommend Dr Frank.

The people at Central Phoenix Eye Care are great.
The staff was friendly, the doctor helpful and the prices very reasonable.
Fantastic business.

I see a whole new world today thanks to the folks at Central Phoenix Eye Care...   You see, I've been alternating between two pairs of prescription glasses and a pair of broken prescription sunglasses that had all seen better days for a while now... (I know, kind of embarrassing!
)  But I had my somewhat annual visit yesterday and walked out of the office with what feels like three brand new pairs of glasses!
They were all cleaned up, tightened, fixed, etc... and in addition, I learned from Dr. Thompson that my vision seemed to improve a bit from my last visit!
The staff was friendly, they take my insurance, and I didn't have a wait at all!
They also have a decent variety of frames to choose from.
If you're in need of an eye doctor, you cannot go wrong with Central Phoenix Eye Care!

I live overseas and had less than a week in Phoenix.
Many offices told me that a consultation and creation of the glasses was impossible to do - especially given that it was over the Christmas holiday weekend.
The standard service at CPEC in itself is deserving of 4 stars, but what makes this practice truly stand out is their willingness to accommodate patients' needs.
Dr. Kantor and his friendly, well organized staff went out of their way to schedule me for an early morning appointment and then asked the lab to rush the glasses.

I have been a patient for the lst 2 years of Heather Thompson, O.D.
She is nice, down to earth and very knowledgable.
The office staff are super sweet and very helpful.
The Optical staff are very helpful when ordering glasses, contact, etc.
Would highly recommend this practice.
Great customer service.

I see Dr Heather Thompson at Central Phoenix Eye Care and it is always a positive experience.
I feel like I'm getting the best care available from the staff here because they are always so thorough.
I'm diabetic and they go out of their way to be sure they always check for early signs of eye damage which, thankfully, have not presented at this point.
They also send annual reports to my primary care physician so they've really become a part of my whole health care team.
Last year when my mother visited us she was having some problems with the pressure in her eye.
She's diabetic as well and she suffers from eye damage as a result.
Dr Thompson made time to see her and check the pressure in her eyes to confirm that the medicine she was using was working properly and that the pressure was returning to a normal level.
She went out of her way to provide my mom with extra care and I really appreciate that

Dr. Thompson and her staff are amazing!
Having just moved to Arizona, I needed to find a good eye doctor, so I jumped on Yelp, and found this place.
I made an appointment and was seen within a few days.
Dr. Thompson and her staff gave me the most thorough vision exam I've ever had in my life!
She actually recommended some brand new contacts because she said my old ones didn't fit me that well (I had no idea).
Wow, what a difference!!!!
I can't say enough good things about this place!

Being new in town I was a little afraid to find a new eye doc without a referral.
I looked around online going through my insurance company's website to see which doc were covered in my area.
After looking at the site for CPEC I thought this was the place for me.
After going in and experiencing a very friendly staff and a knowledgeable doc with good "bedside manner" who addressed my concerns and questions I knew I lucked out in picking the right place to go.
Dr. Thompson and her staff definitely go out of their way to help you with anything you need.
I would refer CPEC to anyone.

Superior customer service.
Dr. Thompson did a great Job, good selection on frames.

The staff is very friendly...

This place is great!
I'm glad I found it through Yelp!
I came in for an eye exam and possibly new glasses.
Note--the entrance is around the back, not in front like the other offices in the building.
Anyway, the gals at the front desk were friendly.
When I said I had an appointment, they looked and told me it was for the next week.
Oops!
My mistake (I guess).
Anyway, they gave me paperwork to fill out and went to see if they could squeeze me in.
They got the okay, and the technician, Laurie, put me through a number of painless tests.
She was friendlly and efficient.
Next I got examined by the doctor, Dr. Mastores.
She is probably the nicest doctor I ever met (probably good with kids).
She was also very efficient and knowledgeable.
She took the time to explain, with a picture they took of my eye and a plastic model, some issue with my eye.
It was something that I had for years but no other eye doctor had taken the time to really explain it.
I appreciated that.
She also gave me some samples for dry eyes.
While I was waiting for my eyes to dilate for another test, I worked with a helpful optician in the office to find some frames for sunglasses.
He offered some tips and I wound up ordering from them.
They said it would take a week.
All this examination plus the glasses cost only a little over $100 with insurance.
I thought that was pretty good!
I definitely would recommend this practice to anyone!

I want to give CPEC 5 stars due to their customer service.
I visited CPEC thinking that it was part of my eyecare insurance network.
However, when I arrived the staff advised me that it wasn't.
My fault, I had changed jobs and should have looked at my new network's providers.
Long story short, CPEC pro-rated my exam which I thought was more than fair being they could have charged me full-price.
The exam was very thorough and  staff very courteous as well.
Thanks for a great experience and excellent customer service - I'll be back even though you're not in my network!

I'm disappointed to have to report that Dr Thompson left the practice.
The staff has always been professional and courteous so I'm sure this will continue to be an excellent practice.

Once again, Yelp did not disappoint when I needed to find a new doctor.
Having just moved to Phoenix from across the country, I needed a new eye doctor (and new contact lenses!).
I made an appointment and brought paperwork from my previous eye doctor.
The ladies at the front were very friendly and welcoming.
I saw Dr. Frank -- the exam was thorough and he patiently answered incessant questions from a Phoenix newbie.
My new contacts arrived way earlier than I expected.
They even offered to tighten up my existing glasses!
What service!
I definitely recommend this eye care practice!
They could use better signage out by the road in front of their building.
They're in a taller building on Seventh Street, on the east side, just south of Bethany Home.

I found this office through Yelp and am so happy with the whole experience.
Thanks all around!

This was my first visit to Central Phoenix Eye Care since moving to Phoenix - and I'm glad I found them.
The office staff are very friendly and helpful.
I had an appointment with Dr. Stephanie Mastores - I didn't have to wait later than my appointment time, and felt very positive about the exam quality and the way I was treated.
It was a great experience.

Just relocated to the Central Phoenix area and had to find a new eye doctor.
As I always do, I checked with Yelp and this office got high marks.
I saw Dr. Mastores and she was great...very thorough.
In fact, it's the best eye exam I've ever had!
I was seen immediately and did not have to wait.
This is a huge plus in my book.
I am very happy I have found a competent eye provider.
I always use Yelp to find my doctors, dentists, etc and so far I have not been disappointed.
I highly recommend Dr. Mastores and all the staff at Central Phoenix Eye Care.

Dr. Frank has a way of getting the test done that makes me comfortable .
Prior to coming to him I had trouble getting a proper reading for my eye pressure because I don't like anything in my eyes.

I have been a patient of Central Phoenix Eye Care for eons, now.
No kidding!
Perhaps upwards of 30 years or more.
I have received excellent care and personal attention all through these years from 3 of the doctors that I have seen there.
Dr. Kantor has been my primary optometrist for most of this time.
Due to his ever burgeoning workload , the last few years I have seen 2 other optometrists on several occasions and have been very pleased with their knowledge and demeanor.
In addition, the office is equipped with state-of-the-art diagnostic tools.
I would recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care to anyone looking for an optometric practice with a competent and friendly staff.

Love these guys - I have been going to them for almost 20 years!
The docs and the staff have always been top notch.
They are friendly, courteous and knowledgeable.
I have never had a bad experience with this office and have trusted the healthcare of all three of my children to them as well.
They get my highest praise and recommendation!

Back to wearing glasses after 11 years and all I have to say is "Thank You" to Central Phoenix Eye Care.
You made the experience the best possible.
And Dr. Stephanie Mastores is incredible.
I can see clearly now and am looking fashionable as well.
This is the only optometrist I will ever recommend.
Thanks again and Go Buckeyes!

Another fantastic visit and eye exams with Dr. Kantor for my son and I - none better than him (don't let him know I said that).
I've been a patient of his since he took over this practice.
I started with them in 1970 when it was Dr. Cartledge, (pre-Central Phoenix Eye Care), and my parents went to him in the 1960's.
I would always highly recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care to anyone.

The best eye doctor facility I've ever been to.
They were so thorough I was astonished.
Staff is pleasant and knowledgeable.
They take Federal spending account cards.
They utilized computer imaging to look into my eyes which was just amazing to look at while he explained the health of my eyes.
When asking about eye surgery because I'm slightly vain, he went over the benefits and effects and we determined it the benefits did not out weight the effects as my correction needed is not much.
Nice change from other places trying to sell everything including the kitchen sink.
They also had an upgrade in the glaucoma test, no more puffs!
We ordered contacts and with my insurance my portion was reasonable.
They even offered to mail my contacts if it was more convienent for me.
Dr Kantor was funny and spoke to me as an intelligent eye care patient.
Then at the end he thanked me for choosing him, asked for my continued business and stated that if I liked the service I received to refer him to my family and relatives.
I'm officially a customer for life.
Lastly there was no dialiation test where you cant see anything for hours.
Thanks Central Phoenix Eyecare!

Dr. Usleman is wonderful!
He was warm and friendly and made sure that I was well taken care of.
My prescription hadn't changed but he still walked me through the overall health of my eyes and what to look out for now that I'm pregnant.
Who knew that your eyes can change with all these hormones?
I didn't wait at all.
You can download the new patient forms on their website to speed things up, as well.
They accept VSP which was important to me, but even better was knowing that I received a high level of care!
I definitely recommend Central Phoenix Eye Care!

A recent visit to Central Phoenix Eye Care gave me the assurance that I needed - allaying my fears for a refractive adjustment to optimize my nearsightedness utilizing conventional glasses - not contact lenses.
The diagnosis, as determined by Dr. Stephanie Mastores, was that I was just suffering from dry eye syndrome - a condition that I have been plagued with for many years.
I was relieved to hear that I didn't need new corrective lenses, i.e.
a new prescription.
Central Phoenix Eye Care is well staffed with competent professionals many of whom I've known for many years.
Dr. Kantor has been my primary optometrist for nearly 30 years and I can attest to his competence, knowledge and ability.
The pleasing aesthetics of the office is another plus - very serene - almost Zen-like!

I am not sure I can say more than has already been said.
I loved Dr. Heather, and when she left I was saddened beyond words.
But then I met Dr. Mastores and realized there was life after Heather.
The thing is, EVERYONE here is nice!
My husband and son go here as well, I converted him over soon after we started dating.
It was so easy...the service and the one stop shopping.
Just stop in and say Hello and you won't want to leave.

I'm a first-time customer and had a really wonderful experience.
The doctor who saw me was Dr. Ben Uselmen and he was very warm and efficient, and a good conversationalist, as were all of the support staff who did the initial tests and helped me find a pair of glasses.
They seemed to be very detailed and organized and, though I had to wait for a bit, they offered me a gatorade as I waited.

Wow, after going through a horrible situation at another optimologist (3 tries and could still not get glasses right!!!
) I came to Central Phoenix Eye Care through Yelp.
My appointment was within a couple of days which was great because I was desperate.
The tech and Dr Mastores were informative and thorough which I grealty appreciate.
My glasses eneded up being costly but they are wonderful.
The eyeglass guy was full of information helping me to make the right choices.
Great place~I am here to stay!

I took Yelp's word for it and gave Central Phoenix Eye Care a call yesterday.
To my surprise, they immediately got me in for an appointment that afternoon.
The entire experience was wonderful; from the cheery and sweet receptionist to Dr. Uselman who puts you at ease from the get-go to the optician who got me hooked up with new glasses.
I plan on setting appointments for my husband and son next week.
Our family is all-in.

I've been using this office for years.
The office is well run and uses all the newest technology.
My glasses are always perfect.

As Heather mentioned below, I had to be coaxed into believing there was life after Dr. Heather.
However, I recently developed an allergy to my contact lens solution.
Dr. Mastores diagnosed me accurately and then prescribed a course of treatment (corticosteroid drops, lubricant drops, patadine drops, and daily contact lenses) that had my eyes feeling better in short order.
She is very personable and seems to know her stuff.

Very nice staff and doctors - Even though my vision is hardly requiring a prescription, the doctor did not make fun of me :)   And I got some adorable glasses - that arrived at the office earlier than anticipated.

I really like Central Phoenix Eye Care.
They have a clean office with new equipment; they're front office staff is super friendly and helpful (I brought my workday lunch into the appointment because it would get so hot sitting in my car, and they offered to put it in their fridge); and the doctor is kind and efficient.

I've been here twice and I'll keep coming!
It's very professional, and I get in and out within 45 minutes.
They're great with scheduling and the office staff is very nice and personable.

Great staff!
On time service!!
Dr Frank answered all of my questions.
I would refer them to anyone.

Went here for a much needed and long over due eye exam.
I felt like Dr Mastores and her staff did a very thorough exam and were not rushed.
She took the time to answer all of my questions and there was no attempt to "up sell" me on any additional services or even glasses for that matter.
The office staff is friendly, courteous and efficient.
It seems they have a very good selection of glasses, including the designer brands like Tiffany & Co, Gucci, etc.
I plan to return here every year for my eye exams.

Fantastic experience!!!
Walked in to see if they could replace the lenses on my favorite pair of sunglasses and was expecting to drop them off and have them shipped off to be repaired.
That's what  others had told me because they were specialty lenses.
Not the case at all.
They had a variety of lenses in stock and were able to complete the process in 45 minutes and was only $45.
The shop is full of cool designer frames and the staff is on point with customer service and their products.
Highly recommend to anyone in need of glasses and wants to support our local businesses.
Thanks guys!!

Excellent staff and care.
Highly recommended.

I highly recommend this place.
The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and thorough.
I had my toddler child along for his first appointment and they were awesome with him.
They were patient and let him play with all sorts of their devices to keep him happy.
Everything was explained to me in detail regarding both my own vision and my child's.
Their frames selection was fantastic for anyone, whether on a budget or wanting a designer brand.
I'm so glad I found this clinic in my neighborhood and I plan to stay with them as long as I live in Phoenix.

Excellent prices and selection.
Doctors are wonderful.
Office staff kind and efficient.
I am glad they are in the neighborhood!

With the end of the year coming and the realization that it'd been about 2 years since I'd been to the optometrist I made an appointment for an exam just in case.
I of course searched Yelp to see which place looked the best and Central Phoenix Eye Care was in the top ranks so I made my appointment with them.
When I called she let me know that all of the patient paperwork was available online to fill out and print to bring with you and save time, something I'm always a big fan of.
When I arrived the ladies at the front were very friendly and gave me one more form to fill out that wasn't available online so it wasn't something I'd missed, but it was short and didn't take long to fill out.
After a little bit someone came out and took me back to do the pre-exam tests with all the fun eye machines that look like arcade games.
After that it was into the exam room to wait for the doctor.
All the tests looked good and then it was onto the fun part, trying on different colors of colored contacts!
They were really patient and helpful with me, I tried a ton of different colors and I never felt rushed or like he was trying to get rid of me.
In fact he was suggesting more for me to try!
At the end of the appointment when I went to check out I was a bit taken aback by the total, I knew that I had a $15 copay so that's what I was expecting to pay but she quoted me $65.
Apparently there's a $50 fee for the exam for contact lenses, not a huge deal but I still wish they would have told me that ahead of time when they'd asked if I was interested in contacts or not.
Still everyone was friendly and I had a good experience.

Very thorough eye exam and the doc spent time explaining the tests and results.
Dr Frank has a great chair side manner.
Good selection of eyeglasses on site is a bonus!

Through the process I encountered four individuals.
ALL were very friendly and helpful.
I was seen within 5 minutes of walking in the door.
The Dr was very thorough and took time to intricately explain the health of my eyes with the images they had taken.
My eyes are very healthy so I appreciated and specifically noticed this attention to detail because I didn't really "need" an explanation.
Normally this would be passed off as, there aren't any problems, moving on.
Picking out my glasses was a bit frustrating for me because i couldn't make up my mind.
I never felt rushed.
He gave me my space and observed the things that I liked and didn't and would make suggestions.
I drive in from the west side, in Goodyear and it is well worth the excellent service!

Great facility!
They are professional, extremely thorough and do a great job.
I travel from Gilbert and they are well worth it!

There's not enough good I can say about this place.
From the minute you walk in the door, you are made to feel comfortable and welcome.
I'm 34 now, and have been wearing glasses since I was 9.
I've been through my share of eye doctors, and there are some doozies out there.
When you're that up-close and personal with a doctor (they're inches from your face during the exam), you need to feel comfortable.
I have never felt anything BUT comfortable with this place.
I always see Dr. Frank and really enjoy not only his professionalism but just the small-talk (some people can be so uncomfortable and uneasy to talk with, but not Dr. Frank).
The last time I went to see the crew, my insurance was about to expire and I needed to get in ASAP; they fit me with Dr. Ben, and again I have nothing but good to say.
From the minute you walk in the door to the minute you leave, you feel welcome and valued.
I typically get very ill (headaches, nausea, and vomiting) from being dilated, and they are very compassionate towards me.
Previously, they would use a diluted mydriatic.
But now, they offer the option of a special camera that sees the majority of the retina without having to dilate you (well worth the extra money!).
This has saved me 2 days in bed with the blinds pulled and the blankets over my head.
I am NOT a guy who likes to shop.
So when having to pick out glasses, it can be very trying.
The opticians at the office basically ask you what you're looking for, and they bring a few pair of frames over that suit your tastes and complement appearance.
Usually, they bring four pair over that are a perfect match, and I then have the difficult decision of choosing one.
But they really do take the pain out the decision-making process and make the entire visit, dare I say it, enjoyable.
All-in-all, I can't tell you how highly I recommend this group.
And I rarely, if ever, give my 100% stamp of approval.

I started coming here a few years ago.
My husband and his family have been to this practice for decades, and I am so glad to be a patient, as well.
I really like Dr. Mastores and all the staff.
Everyone is friendly and knowledgeable, and they always answer any questions that I have.
They have great equipment and everything is very clean and up-to-date.
Even during a recent computer outage, I received an email about the outage and then called before my appt to confirm that they could see me (they could).
They were very upfront about the outage and that they were running a little slow, which is understandable.
My appt actually didn't take any longer than usual, I just had to wait a few extra minutes to settle my bill.
I have recommended this practice to several friends, and they have reported back that they had good experiences, as well.
I would recommend this practice to anyone living in Phoenix who needs a reliable, professional eye doctor.

Took my son here because of my past experience with Dr Mastores for a comprehensive eye exam after he broke his glasses while playing basketball.
Wouldn't change a thing in my last review.
Staff was friendly, courteous and out of their way helpful.
Dr Mastores is a delight and my son thought she was great.
Next up is getting my wife in for her eye exam.
See you guys again soon!

I need to order some more contacts, but it seems my prescription only lasted for a year... so I have to get a new eye exam... so I called Central Phx Eye Care, among others.
They want $175 for a contacts eye exam... highest quote I've gotten so far... just an FYI  So I called Target... long story short, they said come right over, an hour later the exam was over, they confirmed my prescription, acted just as professional as any other eyecare facility I've ever been to (and I've been wearing contacts since 1975)... charged me $95... and I can buy my contacts online at half price now.
FWIW, COSTCO was $79 for the same thing, but they didn't have a doctor to give me an exam for another week.

I was so sad to leave my eye doc when we moved from Idaho.
I never thought if find a place as wonderful as I had at home.
Let me tell you, this place is amazing and just as good if not better than my eye doc back home!
The ladies are so sweet and the eye doc is awesome!

Chose this eye center based on other Yelp reviews.
The staff are friendly and knowledgeable.
I ordered sunglasses.
They arrived within a week.
After wearing them for a week I decided I wanted bifocals in my sunglasses, they sent them in for a nominal upcharge.
I then went back to get new lenses in my own frames and again back within a week.
I saw some new frames I wanted and they were very helpful and only charged me a small fee even though it involved all new lenses and went from bifocals to trifocals.
They were very patient and great to work with, I highly recommend them!

Great staff and very knowledgeable doctors.
They took care of me even when I was being difficult with trying to figure out what prescription strength works best for me.
Their prices aren't the cheapest, but are worth it (very high quality).
Would be nice for them to have extended hours during the week - but otherwise they are fantastic!

I found Central Phoenix Eye Care through yelp.
They had great reviews and I figured I might as well give them a try.
Before going in, I called to schedule my appointment for a contact lens examination and prescription.
The woman that answered the phone was incredibly pleasant and helpful.
She gave me the pricing information over the phone, and the cost of the examination was incredibly reasonable.
The office itself is very clean, organized and quite well run.
Everyone that works here is incredibly helpful, knowledgeable and friendly.
After arriving, I filled out my paperwork and waited no more than five minutes to see the doctor.
Dr. Usleman was the doctor that did my exam.
He was very friendly, thorough and knowledgeable.
A very pleasant experience.
BUT, the experience that really earned them five stars was the one I just had today.
At my appointment the doctor fitted me for a brand new lens, Baush + Lomb Ultra, which has only been given to select offices.
Shortly after my appointment, I relocated to Baltimore for the summer, and today, realized that I needed more contact lenses.
After scouring the web, and calling every local optometrist, I was unable to find the B+L Ultras ANYWHERE.
So I called up Central Eye Care, and they were more than happy to help me!
They rang up the contact lenses right away and said that shipping them to me would be no problem... that they would ship out TODAY!
I am incredibly satisfied with every aspect of the service I have received here, and am very impressed with not only the quality of the doctors, but also the quality of their staff and customer service!
This is a wonderful office and I highly recommend them!

Wonderful experience!
All the staff is beyond helpful and great to work with from start to finish.
They're very thorough and knowledgeable.

