I can't admit how many Polo's and T's I've bought from here.
Not only is this number too large, but I think I might become a bit embarrassed.
But DUDE - when these suckers go on sale in all the colors the guys wouldn't wear, I can pick them up for anywhere from $9 - $6 on a regular basis.
I've even stocked up when I found a bunch on sale for $1.99.
For a polo shirt!
And I love their t-shirts.
Again, my passion started when I got 4th of July t-shirts on July 5th for like $2.50.
Yea, I can wash my car/go to the grocery store in that.
Gotta say, I never walk in the girl's section.
Only 1 Old Navy in the valley carries anything over a size 16 so I have no reason to walk over there at this location.
But the guys section has tons of stuff in my size.
Sad huh?
Anyhow, I also have 2 brothers and let's just say that Old Navy boxes are a staple under my Christmas tree.
Cheap, useful, and the stuff lasts a long time!
Gotta like that.

Meh.
As far as Old Navys go, this one has only the basics.
The more trendy and interesting items seem to bypass this location.
If you need jeans or a basic t-shirt, then stop by.
If you want some of the cooler items they've come out with in recent years, you'll have to go to the Arizona Mills location or the one in Mesa by the 101 and Country Club.
Also, sales selection is often pick over...you should just go to the Mills, honestly

This store just isn't what it used to be.

I will admit that I only shop at Old Navy around the Christmas holiday.
The reason why is because the prices are amazing on there staff are very helpful around that time of year.
The two things that I always buy at Old Navy are coats, jeans and sometimes I will buy a shirt or two if it is a good price.
Thank you Old Navy for always having great deals around the Christmas Holiday,

I've been to this location several times and each time was a very positive experience!
The staff are always super friendly and helpful.
This location has jewelry which is a plus since not all Old Navy stores carry jewelry.
There is always a great variety of clothes and multiple sales going on as well.
I will absolutely continue to shop at this store.

Today I happened to stop by at this Old Navy location looking to purchase last clothes and shoes for my little sisters who are going away for summer break abroad with their father.
After deciding what shoes I was happy with I remembered I did not recall my sisters shoe size.
As I searched for my phone I realized I had forgotten it at home.
( oh bummer ) I politely asked to use store phone and was declined the service.
"But I drove here from a fair distance can I just use it to call and verify the shoe size of the six year old and ten year old".
"Can you just make a guess and if they don't fit, you can come back tomorrow" I was very very upset with the level Of and Lack of Service .

