I feel like I am about to sound spoiled and whiny but I am still throwing a tantrum over my trip last night.
You know when you have a craving for something, have to have it, make the drive out to get it and you can't get it?
Well, there is my "Waaaah" moment from last night.
I don't normally eat at Coldstone due my inability to control myself with ice cream, but I decided that what the hell, I was going to treat myself and the family to Coldstone.
For me, I NEEDED to have the Mint Mint Chocolate Chocolate Chip.
The Like It size because you know, a girl needs to watch her waistline.
Yeah right!
So, we get there and they are out of brownies.
Seriously??????
You can't go to the Fry's across the parking lot to get some?
For me, the brownies in that particular "creation" is the best part.
Unfortunately, my second choice would have needed brownies, too!
To be minimally fair, they did offer to replace the brownie with chocolate cake, but that was not a good substitute.
I thought I might be able to salvage this by adding chocolate sprinkles, but apparently they don't even carry that.
Seriously?
Isn't that a requirement at an ice cream shop?
To make a long story short, I spent $3.60 on a small mint chocolate ice cream.
At that price, I would have enjoyed buying a tub of the same thing for the same price.
And the rest of the family got what they wanted except for the one doing the treatng!
Grrrrr...

I have to agree with the others, it's not much but a high priced ice cream stop.
The concept was good when it first arrived on the blockmany years ago, but now I wonder why people keep returning.
This was my 1st or maybe my 2nd visit to the Creamery, I think I went decades ago to the first one on Mill Ave.
However for the $6 I spent on a medium scoop with mix-ins I am not impressed.
The coupons given to me I will pass along to some friends' kids who may or may not ever use them.

Their cake batter flavor is good.
Look in the Sunday paper for 2 for $6 offers.

Only one sentence needed:  Best strawberry shakes.

I get why people dig Cold Stone- it's like Subway, but with ice cream and other goodies.
I for one just like me some plain, good creamy vanilla ice cream without all the bells and whistles.
What can I say?
I'm a cheap date and easy to please for the most part so Cold Stone is not on my regular rotation.
That being said, I work with some ladies who while lovely have much more discerning taste and that is where Cold Stone comes to my rescue.
Their Ice Cream cakes really are good so whenever there is a birthday or special occasion at work, I pop into Cold Stone and pick up a Coffee House Crunch (Coffee Ice Cream, devil's food cake covered in chocolate and topped with Heath bars).
It keeps my ladies satisfied every time.

If you're in the mood for a nice cup of ice cream, Cold Stone will probably do the trick.
I've never found anything too special about the place, aside from the pretty decent selection of toppings.
I'll probably still stick with one of the frozen yogurt places out there - slightly less unhealthy, and usually a couple bucks cheaper.

I just didn't feel welcome.
It was a small place and that's no problem but I just was never comfortable here.

Well they where out of the large cups for shakes.
So I got a medium and they still charged me for a large.
The service and the shake where both mediocre at best.
I will never go back to a cold stone again.
Try churn on central at least when you hustled there you get good quality ice cream :-) lol

