Anyone who has grown up in North Central Phoenix in the past thirty years knows about Jordan's.
Of that group, I would say around 25% take it a step further: they worship this place.
I'm part of the 25%.
I have memories of eating at Jordan's and ordering cheese crisps off of the Kids' Menu, and then promptly engaging in bitter fights with my sister about who got more pieces, invariably ending in one of us throwing ice cubes and/or utensils at the other.
Good times.
However, it isn't a place I take out-of-towners all that often because, frankly, it isn't the best Mexican food around.
Or the most authentic, for that matter.
(No offense to Jordan's, PHX has some ridiculously tasty comida mexicana.
)   My favorite way to describe why I still go here is the salsa.
I remember trying it as a kid thinking it was the spiciest salsa known in western civilization and I was among only a handful of reckless Arizonans that even had the chance or the guts to taste it (I had never had salsa before and, well, those are the sorts of things I thought about when I was four).
Needless to say, it's not spicy at all, but going back I feel like an official badass grown-up now that I can heap it on my chips without flinching.
Entering the dark restaurant's seating area stirs up stories and memories and smells from my early childhood.
And it isn't uncommon to run into someone I went to grammar school with, who is undoubtedly there for the same reasons that I am.
I rounded it to 4/5 stars but my more specific rating must be broken up by demographic: For Phoenix Natives: 5 stars.
For Visitors and Snow Birds: 3 Stars.

I have grown up on Jordan's and it is like home food to me.
When I am out of town, I miss it and crave it.
In fact it's often my first stop if coming from the airport.
With that being said, it is not for everyone.
The restaurant is kind of dumpy and the food a bit pricey for what you get.
Luckily, I have converted my best friend to a Jordan's lover and we go there at least once a month.
My husband is still resisting, even after more than 15 years of being dragged there.
The hot sauce is spicey and tomatoey.
The cheese they use on the cheese crisps is so gooey and good!
My friend loves the salsa, but you have to specifically ask for it, as they always default to the hot sauce.
The service is usually good and I know most of the staff.
There have been some times when it wasn't so good, but it's not the norm.
Personally, I would give 5 stars, but I am writing this for people who have never been and I don't know that a Jordan's virgin would have the same love for it that I do.

I've eaten at Jordan's Mexican Food for 41 years.
I remember burning my finger on a bean burrito when I was 5.
I think it was supposed to be a red chili burrito so when I picked it up and bit into it the cheesy beans oozed out onto my pinkie finger ouch...
I'm sure I made a big scene.
I've always been somewhat of a Drama Queen.
I've had great times at Jordans.
It's where we would head to on Christmas eve for dinner, and sure enough when we got home  Santa had already been to our house.
I miss the one on Central because of convenience, but for Jordans I'll go anywhere.
The food is delicious and the service is personal (which I love).
I think I know what I'm having for dinner.

After a meal at Moira Sushi, we decided on a whim to stop in at Jordon's for a fried ice cream dessert.
We walked in the door and the place smelled of old carpet and b.o.
Not very appetizing, but I'm willing to give any place a chance.
We ordered the dessert, it arrived promptly...and was clearly not freshly made.
A very icky mushy crust with some cinammon and a dab of whipped cream, after a few bites we both looked at each other and said "yuck!".
Worst fried ice cream we've ever had!
After seeing some of the food passing by, it's probably on par with any other chain mexican, similar to a macayos or carlos o'briens.
Crispy tacos, flaccid yellow cheese, tomato and lettuce on everything.
Surely a step up from Taco Bell, but what's the point of that?
WIth so many authentic cheap (and good) Mexican food places nearby with great corn tortillas and cotija cheese, I'll call this one a total pass....and I understand why I've never stepped foot in the door in 10 years that I've lived within 3 miles of the place.

Jordan's is the first restaurant I ever ate at- I was only 4 months old and I had rice.
Ever since then, this restaurant has been my guilty pleasure.
My favorite thing on the menu is the sour cream cheese enchiladas- they are heavenly.
Nowhere else makes enchiladas that good!
The food is definitely NOT heart healthy, but it's great for mental health.
I am a big fan of the shredded beef tacos, the crispy bean tostadas, and the yummy chimis.
I would stay away from the fajitas and the salads, though.
I've taken people here, and they don't like the paste-like hot sauce in lieu of salsa, but I'm absolutely addicted.
I always get some to go!
Mrs. Siegel (7th grade Reading Teacher)

Bad.
Very bad.
Ordered a combo: sour cream enchilada, taco and tostada.
The shredded beef in the taco was harder than jerky, the enchilada was an oily mess and the tostada was soggy.
You can tell a lot about the type of food you are going to have by the salsa.
True to form, the red sauce tasted like canned tomato sauce and the chunky sauce was about 80% jalapeno and no flavor.
There was a strange smell in the restaurant and I couldn't wait to leave.
I will not be back

Have not been here in years.
The food & the service were not good.
And you would think that a margarita at a Mexican restaurant would at least be drinkable, but it was so sweet I could not drink it.
It may have been an off night, but I think I will probably wait a few more years again to go back.

Disappointed by the salsa they provided us with (tasted like ketchup mixed with chili sauce), but was pleasantly surprised by dinner: Baja tacos and my boyfriend got the shrimp fajitas which we both enjoyed!
Staff was below average, but atmosphere, food, and prices were all excellent.
Also had very very clean bathrooms!
Would definitely come here again, just pass on the salsa and don't have expectations on the staff.

This place has been around forever, but I can't really understand why.
The restaurant is run down.
The service was pretty awful - it took forever to place our order, we sat with empty water glasses, then there were missing dishes, messed up dishes, we needed silverware, etc.
And from the moment you try the salsa that tastes like canned tomato sauce, you'll know that the food just isn't good.
There are many better options for Mexican food around this area.

Ok so we always drive by Jordan's and wonder if it is any good.
The building looks nice and they have been around forever.
We got a coupon in the mail and decided to give it a try.
The parking lot was pretty full for late at night.
We go in and are seated and look at the menu.
Both of us commented on the odd assortment of items on the Combo.
Our first clue was all of the help looked as if they were from the Mid-West.
We decided to have the Fajitas and a Combo.
They brought out some chips that reminded me of the ones you get at Safeway in the giant bag for a buck or two.
Then there was the "Salsa".
It was basically Catsup, not Ketchup as in Heinz or some other reputable product, but the stuff in the huge container for 99cents, mixed with something like hot sauce.
We ordered Cheese Crisps.
They were basically corn tortillas with some shredded cheddar cheese melted on top.
Then the food came out.
Let's just say, having eaten at Ponchos Buffet, there is worse, but places like this are usually found in the Mid-West where the people think Taco Bell is authentic.
The only redeeming value to this place was the Ice Tea was tasty, that and the cashier offered to let us buy some candy to make the $40 bill (for two) so we could get the $10 off rather than the $5 off of a $20.
Purchase.
I thank-you for this, because it was certainly not a $40 meal ore a $30, or even a $10 for that matter, but Sir, you earned a second star because of that.
Well actually it was only a half star and you added a star but since I can't give a one and a half stars, you get two.
Fellow Yelpers you have been warned.
Check Yelp first, no matter how good a deal it seems.

While driving home last night, we decided to drive up 7th St and look for a Mexican restaurant.
Sadly, we found Jordan's.
The outside looks very nice.
Once inside, it's obvious this place hasn't been updated since 1981- lots of dark, heavy wood & wrought iron.
NICE!
I loved it.
REALLY!
I loved it enough to overlook the amazingly creepy carpeting figuring if they updated the carpeting, they'd have to update the rest of the decor, too.
We were blown-away, in a really, really bad way, when the chips & salsa came...as noted by others, it tastes like ketchup with some chili powder mixed in.
Horrible.
We already ordered drinks & didn't want to split and stiff our waitress so we ordered a cheese crisp.
The cheese crisp was fine.
Sadly, we didn't have any salsa to put on it.
Other reviewers pointed out that aside from salsa, it was a good experience.
Whatever.
I suppose these same folks would be fine with a blind date who arrived in dirty clothing & who hadn't showered in a week.
If a Mexican restaurant can't do a decent salsa, they don't get a 2nd chance.

I read several reviews and noticed a pattern, the highest reviews  came from those with a nostalgic history with this valley institution.
Having lived in the valley for most of my life I appreciate the sentimentality.
BUT!
It is important to separate nostalgia from reality, especially when others rely on your opinion when making dinner plans.
I've lived in the Valley for a good long time- more than 40 years.
I've been to Jordan's more times than I can count.
As a child, this was one of many local Mexican food restaurants we visited- others being El Maya, Don Jose's, Rosa's, Rosita's, George's Ole, and others.
As an adult, part of my enjoyment was the old-fashioned, retro atmosphere- the genuine Naugahyde seats, dark wrought iron, old-school environment.
I was even OK with the smooth taco sauce in lieu of chopped and chunky salsa.
I tend to stick with the old-school combo plate- taco, enchilada, tostada type combos when I visit.
My last two visits have occurred in the last year- most recently in November.
The experiences were almost identical- disappointing.
It was as if someone in the kitchen had just given up.
The taco meat was not really seasoned, very bland, and the shell tasted as if they went and picked up a package at the grocery instead of making their own.
The enchilada was rather oily.
Food was warm, not hot.
Service was friendly but scarce- my drink sat empty more than once.
The visit in November is likely my last.
I drive by this location at least 3 times a week, and remember wistfully the days when the the food was piping hot, shredded beef well seasoned and the entire taco fresh out of the cooker- crispy and delicious.
There are too many good Mexican food places in town, and even for the memories that walking into this places conjures up, I cannot see myself coming back anytime soon.
I'll keep my eyes open for an upturn in Yelp reviews, particularly from those who are trying it for the first time.
As another reviewer said- be forewarned.
You run a great risk of being disappointed.

I've been here a few times and unfortunately its never been a great experience.
I think the first time it was a three star, but the last time was definitely a two--maybe even a one and a half star.
The service was terrible.
Granted, we were a large party with three kids, but it they clearly weren't busy and it was a weeknight.
It took them about 20 minutes to get a table together for us, which was fine.
But then it took them about another twenty minutes to take our orders.
We were so hungry we ended up devouring four baskets of chips before we even placed our orders.
The chips were probably the best part--but I can't say the red ketchup sauce is great.
We asked for a chunky salsa that was decent and ended up mixing that with the thick red ketchup sauce they give you.
I ordered a burrito with green sauce with a side of beans and rice.
It definitely wasn't anything to drool over.
It was edible, but not great.
Plus its not even super cheap.
Its a pass.

I am being utterly polite by giving this place one star.
Places where I've had better food: the cafeteria in a hospital, 7-11, if I'd ever been to prison, prison.
I'm not sure if Jordan's pays people to park in its lot to give the impression that the place is full.
There's absolutely nothing authentically Mexican about this place, except, perhaps, for the Mexican dishwasher.
If you've recently lost your tase buds, love greasy beef dumped into a Old El Paso "taco shell" topped with shredded Velveeta and iceberg lettuce, then, boy is this the place for you.
Also, if you're a fan of tomato paste in the guise of "salsa" and served from a stolen syrup container from IHOP, then do it up at Jordan's.
Please, do yourself (and your wallet) a favor and eat at the Jack-in-the Box down the street.
You've been warned.

D+ Mexican food at best.
I didn't get sick or barf up a hariball.
That's the best I can say about this place

I've been going to Jordan's since I was a kid.
The food is consistent and good, and the staff treats you like you're family.
It's a very relaxing neighborhood restaurant and a great value!

I would drive past this place the in the 33 years that I've lived in Phoenix (basically, my whole life) and never stopped by until I started dating my girlfriend (now wife of 7 years) 10 years ago.
The first encounter I had with the salsa was, "hmmm, this is different.
", until I discovered the awesome fresh chunky salsa a couple weeks later (you have to asked them for it!).
We go to Jordan's at least once every week/every other week.
The food is very good, but we come here for the friendliness and family feel of the owner, Joe Jordan, his son, Joey and the list of supporting casts of Robert, Tony, Roni, Erica, etc.
Great to bring your family.
Read the other reviews...many have been going to Jordan's for years/decades for one reason or another.
Whatever that reason is, it is definitely a staple in Mexcian restaurants in Phoenix.
Joey is constantly making improvements to the place and it is showing good potential.

The food was not bad, but long wait to get a glass of water, and then the long wait to place my order, and then to get my food... Not awesome.
The waiter was a cool guy.
But he was literally the only guy working the whole floor.

Terrible.
For a city so lavishly seasoned with some of the best Mexican food on the planet, this place coulnt have been worse if it tried.
Outdated, dingy, dining space and help.
I love me a good hole in the wall, but Jordan's can't even hit that mark.
Avoid it!!

Jordan's is seconds away from my office and I was craving cheap, run-of-the-mill Mexican food so we ran to Jordan's real fast.
Expecting the typical Mexican restaurant with the typical wooden booths and plastic covered seats, I was surprised to find the interior was actually really nice.
I was even more surprised to find the menu prices weren't as nice.
Looking to spend no more than $7 on some tacos and rice and beans, I wasn't thrilled when I saw entrees for $12-$15.
Luckily they have a killer (but limited) lunch menu for $5.95.
To your table in 30 minutes or less or it's free.
Of course, it came out in less than 14 minutes.
And it was pretty good.
I should have asked for soft tacos instead of hard but the meat was good and the toppings were decent.
The salsa was odd though.
I'm used to thick and chunky but this salsa reminded me of pasta sauce and that was odd but I ate it.

Sadly nostalgia doesn't make the food here any less bland.
I am very generous when I dine out, and always will find something positive to end the meal.
In this case the positive was that I did not have to pay for the horrendous meal.
Word to the wise- if a place that serves mexican food serves you ketchup as salsa, leave immediately.
My boyfriend and I set the salsa aside and ordered the very basic machaca beef burritos.
What we got was GRAY meat, with not one ounce of seasoning.
At this point we apologized to our waiter, offered to pay for the drinks and salsa, but he seemed used to this and said not to worry about it.
At first he tried to say they make the meat with eggs.
But saw quickly that we would not be buying that story.
We did leave a nice tip for the poor guy.
This is what happens when you have uninspired people making food.
Too Sad.

This is old school mexican food at its best.
Love the traditional decor and the older wait staff who seem to have been there for years.
Best of all is their hot sauce.
Nothing like it any where.
Best taco and enchilada in town.
If you want a trendy, fancy place this is not for you, but if you want the best traditional mexican food served by the same family for generations, Jordans is just the place.

I stopped in tonight with a girlfriend, and was pleasantly surprised:-) Our server was friendly and attentive and yum did I mention the chips & salsa yet lol.
The chips were so crisp and delicious we finished the entire bowl before our meal came!
May I suggest when it comes to the salsa ask your server to bring you their 'hot' or 'chunky' salsa it's sooo good but doesn't come on to the table unless you ask for it.
I personally like to mix the 2 together, delicious!
The food came out nice & hot and was also very good!
I had the chicken flautas, and my friend got the # 7!
My meal included guacamole & I'm so glad it did because it was also delish!
It was actually made with fresh avocados, & let's be honest that's becoming more rare these days with the local mexican restaurants!
So all that being said, if your looking for a truley authentic mexican meal this spot is definitely a must try!

The service is great, food is Americanized Mexican with a twist- try the chicken tacos and the cheese crisp

I love this little old place.
They are friendly and serve the kind of Mexican food one used to find often in Phoenix (but not any longer).
It remains a family-run business and they want to make sure that you enjoy yourself.
It is an older building and is a little dark, but that's part of the fun.
The food is not super spicy so is good for out-of towners who can't handle the hot stuff.
I have never had food there that was less than great, so order what you like and enjoy!

The last time I dined here was many years ago.
I recalled it being a "decent" dining experience then, but one I wasn't exactly enthusiastic about repeating again during a recent visit with friends.
As another poster mentioned, there is a small segment of the population who is rabidly devoted to this long time Phoenix fixture.
Why?
I'm not exactly sure.
My most recent experience, days ago, left me wondering how this place has managed to stay open for so long.
Upon entering the dark, cavernous entrance, no one was there to greet us.
It took a while before someone noticed and seated us.
The dining area on this very hot afternoon, was uncomfortably warm.
Not exactly a respite from the heat.
Then the salsa and chips arrived.
Please see the photos and other reviews on this awful concoction which appears to me to be nothing more than tomato sauce (spaghetti sauce base) with a few chili pepper seeds thrown in for good measure.
This stuff absolutely comes from a can.
If you ask for the "other salsa", what appears next is a watery, minced pepper mixture that is horribly bland and only slightly better than the tomato sauce salsa.
I wound up eating the chips by themselves.
I ordered a chicken burro enchilada style.
The rice was fine, the shredded chicken abundant, but not seasoned.
The enchilada sauce topping was also quite flavorless.
All in all, highly disappointing and completely non-authentic.

Just don't eat here.
I didn't know that Heinz made salsa.
Just can't seem to find anything positive to say about this place.
This is a town with a plethora of Mexican Restaurants, so you would think that competition alone would have closed this place.
Just drive over to Sylvia's La Canasta.
Its close, and very good.

As many reviewers have stated I have been coming to Jordan's for 40 years, it was a family tradition that I have continued with my own children.
I love the hot sauce and chips, and my kids fight over it.
If you ask they will gladly bring you some chunky salsa.
Joe the owner always comes by and says hello to all of the guests.
I've never had any problems with the service they have always been attentive and friendly.
This is the Mexican food I have grown up with and it's what I consider good Mexican food.
It's always been consistent and wonderful.
It defiantly is old school Phoenix Mexican food one of the last of a dying breed of a non chain.
I usually get the no.7 red or green and it's always satisfying.
I also love the chimichanga and the portions are very generous.

I first reviewed Jordan's back in November of 2011, after going there since 2000.
As everyone has stated, many customers are locals who have been going here for decades with their families.
For all of those people who complain about the tomato sauce-based salsa, ASK YOUR FRIENDLY SERVER FOR THE CHUNKY SALSA AND THEY WILL BE MORE THAN HAPPY TO BRING YOU SOME!
Be warned, it's spicy and it's awesome.
For those others who came to Jordan's for the first time or were visiting from out of town and gave them a bad review, fine!
You people don't need to come back here, EVER!
Jordan's has done just fine on local return customers for the past 10+ decades and don't need you here!

Don't walk by.
Run by this place and don't look back.
The worst Mexican food in Phoenix.
Absolutely no flavor.
The only thing going for it is the friendly wait staff.

I read plenty of bad reviews and I totally disagree.
I absolutely loved this place.
And I've been looking for a good Mexican restaurant for quite a while...!
Excellent food and excellent service!

I love Jordans.
They have the best salsa in the valley - I'm not referring to the spicy red sauce that they give you at the table.
You have to ask for it.
They are an old, family run business that's been here since the 50's.
True, there are many Mexican restaurants in Phoenix but this one keeps us coming back.
The open faced cheese crisp is a favorite for an appetizer.
I usually get the tacos and rice, always great.
The enchiladas with red sauce are fantastic.
The chips are fresh and hot (get the salsa though).
I'm surprised to see so many bad reviews because the service and food have always been excellent.

Stopped in yesterday to try out something new.
Wow it was amazing.
We made it in after lunch and was pleasantly greeted.
The decor reminded me of the kinds of Mexican restaurants I ate at 15 years ago very traditional.
We had four dishes cheese crisp, machaca chimmy, sour cream taco, and rellendo(my Spanish spelling is horrible).
Everything was amazing and the tab was only $30 dollars.
The server was super friendly and professional, I will be back many more times!!

