This small Japanese bakery makes really amazing desserts.
The shop itself isn't much to look at but the pasteries inside are delicious!
Treat yourself to some flavored sponge cakes (green tea, coconut, coffee...
ect.
) and pick a couple up for friends!
Credit/Debit card purchases must be over $5 or else bring cash.

3 stars for the pastries - extra star for wonderful service.
From the name I thought this was a Japanese run bakery but in fact the owners are Taiwanese.
We needed a cake for a birthday and called ahead to make sure they carried fresh fruit chiffon cakes.
The owner helpfully told us that he had one mixed fruit one left but it was made yesterday.
If we wanted something made today, he had strawberry.
Such honesty is really rare.
The store is in an old shopping center across from Texaz and looks like it hasn't been renovated in a long time but is carefully maintained.
The cakes come in many sizes from 6" to 12"rounds to various sheet pan sizes.
Our 8" was less than $10.
They also sell pastries like napoleons and steamed buns with savory and sweet fillings.
We had the cake later that night at Yasu - the chiffon cake was soft and moist complimented nicely by the layers of buttercream.

I've decided to try this place since I've been going to Arai Pastry in Tempe for a while and wanted to try something new.
There were many selections but honestly, I'm gonna stick with Arai Pastry from now on...here is why:  *First of all, this is not a Japanese bakery - I'm making this clear because even though there are similarities, Japanese and Chinese baked goods are most of the time, different.
*Less than so so decor - It is understood that the decor of the store has nothing to do with the quality of the baked goods.
However,  since I already know a place that is much cleaner, cuter and with polite service, I can't help but to see it as a negative.
*So so service - There were no labels on each pastry trays so I asked the store lady to tell me what was inside some of them.
All I saw was annoyance from her....maybe she was just in bad mood....I have no idea.
*I tried the following: -French horn - if you want a good one, please try the one at Lee's Sandwich -Custard cream bread - honestly, after a bite, we had to through it away...if you like custard cream bread, try the one at Arai Pastry

Love the cakes here!
My husband's favie is the fruit chiffon cake.
It is a tradition, I need to get one for him every year.
The fruits are fresh, the cake is moist, and the frosting is whipped just right.
The cakes are not too sweet.
I also ordered the roll cakes to give out for Christmas gifts ($5 each).
Love the creme and coffee flavored ones.
The cookies and pastries in the self service cases are great too!!

Asahi is the kind of bakery you go to when you get a sudden craving for Japanese and Chinese pastry.
Unlike most American and European pastries, Asian baked goods are normally;y a lot less sweeter and favor whipped creams instead of frosting.
Yum!
Anyways, while their selection is quite amazing, I mainly go there for their rolled cakes [Swiss rolls?].
The coffee roll is amazing!
And with such a low price, it's hard not to like this place.

My family has been buying and eating cakes from here for the past 20 years or so.
We have always ordered the fruit chiffon cake that has remained consistently good for the past couple of decades.
My parents bought a cake for my college graduation and brought it down to Tucson for my sorority sisters and I.
These girls are from all over California, where they've tasted great Asian desserts, and they all loved this cake.
You don't have to go anywhere else for candles either.
They've got great customer service, and will offer some candles to you too.
I have no idea how many calories I'm consuming when I eat the cake from here, but it feels so light, I'd like to think I'm being good.

This is the go to place (almost by default I will kindly say) for the traditional Asian fruit layer cake served at basically any wedding / birthday / "insert-Chinese-event" here in the valley.
Taiwanese owned, this family has been at it for years.
I don't often get to their store location, but when I do, I pickup the custard cream puffs (not sweet, oddly chewy puffs) and enjoy their different steamed white buns in the bottom case.
But I've certainly consumed several of their cakes over the years in the Valley...

Whenever there's a special occasion, my fam and I head to Asahi Bakery for traditional Asian cakes.
It's basically an airy angel food cake with light whipped cream and fruit in between the layers and on top.
It's so good!
They also have yummy pastries and cookies.
It's pretty inexpensive and def.
worth a visit.

This is an amazing bakery.
Its run by a Taiwanese couple who have had the bakery for many many years now.
They specialize in cakes that are frosted in whipped cream (actually it might be a non-dairy whipped something) it tastes like a more stable cool-whip.
They have a ton of cakes but my favorites include the fresh mango, the fresh fruit cake and their chocolate cake.
The coconut cake is not coconut flake, but young coconut flesh, so be warned!
They also make mini desserts that are about 2.50 a pop and delicious as well as these coffee jellos that are amazingly caffeinated and delicious.
They hadle large sheet cakes and wedding cakes.
They are very reasonably priced (much better than many local bakeries) although they do not do the super fancy and trendy fondant coverings.
They are a simply delicious sponge cake, filled with different fruits or fillings with a whipped cream topping.
The cake is fresh and ready to pick up in their refrigerated section.
For the best selection you are always better off just calling and ordering or stopping in.
They also have a selection of Asian style desserts and meat buns.
They run a special on baked goods late in the evening that haven't sold so that they maintain a fresh inventory.
They close at six generally and is almost always open.
I cannot sing its praises enough, and I am a Huge Huge dessert person.
The desserts are not too sweet and the ake is just moist enough.
I get my birthday cakes here and they are always a big hit!

Asahi Bakery baked the deserts for a party I attended not long ago.
Everything was perfect.
The best cakes I have every tasted!

Delish!!!
Their sticky buns are really good and they have a yummy assortment of baked goods.

Been buying birthday cakes from here forever!
They are fantastic.
Fresh, light and healthy---well, at least you feel like its healthy since it has fruit and light airy cake.
Plus the owners are very sweet and believe in customer service!
I called yesterday to order a cake for today (a half sheet fresh mango cake), and they said that they might not have enough fresh ripe mangoes for a half sheet.
But since that was the cake I wanted, they said they would go out and purchase mangoes (ripe) to make the cake in time!
That was super sweet of the owner to go out of his way to help me out!
If you haven't been yet, stop by and dig into some deliciousness!

i've been buying birthday cakes here since i was about eight years old and this was the only authentic taiwanese bakery in town.
i live in chandler and would only get to go to the bakery if we went to temple on sundays or if it was my birthday and i was picking up my cake.
but it really brings back memories of home and makes my birthday that much more special.
i love the traditional fresh fruit cake the best, though the cappuccino, hazelnut, mango, and tiramisu cakes were also very good.
i don't know who else makes their cakes as light and fluffy and beautiful in the valley.
wish they'd move to the east valley so i could get my fix of their steamed buns and bread!
asahi, thanks for being so great!

From the name "Asahi" which is a Japanese word, I assumed this place is a Japanese bakery like Arai Pastry in Tempe but not....which is a big disappointment as I was searching for authentic Japanese bakeries.
I like Arai Pasty but it's bit far and the selection is limited compared to bakeries in Japan.
So I found Asahi Bakery online and so excited to go there as it is quite close to where I live.
They still have a few types of buns similar to Japanese ones incl custard cream buns.
I bought a custard cream bun and coconut bun.
Coconut bun was quite tasty but custard bun tasted funny like almost stale.
It was very soft though.
They also have some steamed buns, cakes, cookies similar to those I see at the bakery inside of Ranch L Market at COFCO.
The lady working there was cheerful and friendly and told me what breads they were.
Well, for Japanese bread, I need to go to Arai Pastry or bake at home for the ones Arai Pastry does not have.
And for Chinese bread I prefer COFCO.
They have really fresh and tasty bread.

While in the area, I wanted to try the Fruit Cake.
Brought it home and was excited to cut into it.
I love the modesty of Asian bakery (ie less sweet, built in fruit, light, creme frosting).
It's the perfect combination to eat three slices instead of one.
:)  Asahi's fruit cake was good.
Though the creme had an aftertaste that I didn't care for.
The sponginess of the cake was different than what I'm used to but I didn't mind it.
Had a good amount of fruit but I always long for more.
In all, I like Donna's Bakery's fruit cake more but that won't stop me from eating this one, if we shall meet again.
Next time I'll want to try the Pandan flavored cake.

Best bakery in Phoenix!
Definitely try the coffee jello!!

My family  has been getting cakes from Asahi for years now.
They are always delicious and very nicely made.
I like the one made with fresh fruits.
It's very flavorful.
The customer service is always friendly and cakes we order are always on time.
They also offer different Asian pastries as well.

Love their fruits cake.
The cake is semi-sweet so you're not sick of it after a piece.
Cake so great with hot tea.
I try their coffee jello today with the creamer on top, love it!!!
Will definitely get some whenever I am in the area

This place smells so delicious the moment u walk in.
The owners are very sweet and helpful amazing customer service and the bakery is amazing.
You can never go wrong buying anything from here.
Great prices too

I ordered two large sheet cakes for a church fundraiser (for 200 people).
The lady I spoke to on the phone was very helpful throughout the entire ordering process.
We ordered one coconut and one mango cake, and both were huge hits at the fundraiser (although I think the coconut was slightly more popular).
The price was reasonable, and the service was really great.
When they heard that we were driving the cakes to Tucson, they added extra tape to the cake boxes.
:)  I highly recommend if you're in need of a cake for your next event!

