After being disappointed going to the SAS Fabric Apache Blvd.
location (disorganized and dirty), I decided to give the SAS Fabric Indian School location a chance.
I'd been there years back and think they remodeled because everything was organized, easy to find, easily priced and very friendly service.
I would highly recommend this location over the other.

Heaven, I have seen thee and thy name is SAS Fabrics by the Pound.
Why do I need green, faux mink fur right as the weather begins to warm up?
I dunno, but damned if I'm going to leave it here and hope to find it next fall.
I'll find something to make and some way to sport it if it kills me.
What I DO know though (well, now I know, anyway) is that it's not superduper smart to go to SAS without an honest to god pattern that you're ready to cut and sew in your hand.
There are just too many luxurious fabrics in beautiful prints and colors to play with, every aisle you walk down.
Sure, there's some junky stuff, but whatevs, just keep going and before you know it you're fingering the prettiest, shiniest, brightest silk or brocade or taffeta that you've ever seen, and you're imagining the ballgown that you'll make out of it.
Hey, one never knows when one will need a ballgown, so get off my nuts!
And just in case you do, there's plenty tiaras and whatnot to complete the look.
They do carry lots of notions, some too many and some not enough.
There are BINS of loose buttons, if you care to sort through and find all the matching buttons you need.
I don't think I saw a really great selection of laces and ribbons and other trims though.
The thread is super cheap, but the color selection is a little thin and I'm not sure if it's any good (most of them had "family dollar" stamped on them, and at .20 a pop, who knows).
Needle selection is next to nil, and the ones that they did supposedly have were almost all sold out.
Other helpers, like fusible bonding and stuff are probably pricier than you'd pay somewhere else.
And of course, there are no patterns at all.
Long story short, go to Joann or something for your patterns, SAS for the fabric, and then back to Joann for your notions.
And DON'T BUY THE GREEN FAUX MINK FUR, unless you plan on checking with me every time you leave the house in it, lest we see each other out.
How gauche!

Let me say, this is not a store where the employees will be nice to you, ask you if you need help finding anything, or do anything at all to make you feel welcome, but it's soooo worth it.
This dump has everything.
Piles and piles of fabric, ribbons, trim, notions, and so much various craft stuff it'll make your head spin.
Tiny pink and blue clothespins, cute little patches, bra straps, fake fur in every color of the rainbow, mini-chain by the yard, huge bins of zippers...I could go on and on.
If you make crafts you need to come to this store.
The prices are pretty good, too.
It's a magical place, complete with the angry trolls that cut your fabric and take your payment.

Ok second time Iv been in this store.
It may not be the prettiest but it has everything.
The staff doesn't speak too much English but I don't speak Spanish at all.
They helped me anyway.
I thought they were very helpful and it was busy too.
I will do all my fabric shopping there.

I was in a hurry and needed to get some patches on a shirt for that evening's event.
I don't have a sewing machine and I'm not handy with a needle, so I called Mom back east.
She recommended some "stitch witchery" shit that I could get at Jo-Ann's.
I don't know of any nearby in CenPho so I used my trusty Yelp app for Android and searched on "fabric".
SAS came up and I banged a Louie and headed over.
The place is a no-frills warehouse stocked to the gills with anything and everything I suppose fabricky-people use/need.
The place was PACKED with customers and employees buzzing about and cutting bolts of fabric and such.
I snagged a salesperson, explained my mission and she recommended fabric glue.
I picked up a bottle and a $0.20 spool of black thread (ya never know when you'll need black thread and for $0.20 ya can't beat that with ....  well, a more expensive spool of black thread?!?!
)   They had all kinds of neat things like patches and oddly, tiaras in all shapes & sizes.
I think the place is a big hit with the Quinceañera crowd.
If I'd had more time I probably would have perused the joint a little more, but I was in a rush to get home.
All in all, I was in and out in 5 minutes and felt as if I'd entered and left some alternate universe where people still sew their own clothes....but the fabric glue worked (for the most part -- I cheated and didn't follow the instructions, so my bad there), but if I ever need fabric, yarn, taffeta or tulle again I now know where to go.

Prepare for a treasure hunt!
SAS is jam-packed full of eclectic fabrics & notions.
I don't sew but am an artist/decorator & always start here when I need lots of awesomeness.
It's the only place to go if you need 40 yards of iridescent orange chiffon and only wanna spent $60!
The only downfall is the personnel.
Kinda snippy & frequently confused.
And there's usually a long line for cutting...
So go to SAS for the bargains.
You'll find some textile treasure for sure!

I will be back, it had some fantastically great deals.
I wanted to buy so much that I had no plans to use.
Just to own.
OK there were two downsides as far as I could tell.
There was no information posted about how the store worked.
It sounds silly if you haven't been there.
My friend and I were trying to figure out how to hold onto all the bolts we wanted yards of as there were no carts.
The answer is you bring it up front and have them cut it for you and they keep it in a bag for you behind the counter until you are ready to check out.
You can do this as many times as you like.
The salespeople I dealt with were very vague and did not seem as if they had been hired from the best or the brightest.
I had to rephrase my questions about how the store worked 4 times before they said something that answered my questions.
Once those two things were dealt with I had a great time being overwhelmed by too many choices.
TOO MANY CHOICES!

I love going to SAS because they have lots of kooky stuff and when you find something you like, you got to grab it, you might not come across it again.
The fabrics and trimmings are inexpensive and unique.
The staff isn't too helpful so be patient.
Make sure you have plenty of time to look around, it's a big place and lots of stuff to go through.
Almost everything is marked, look for other fabrics in the same pile to see prices if it's not labeled.
Look over your ticket and watch the sales person write down the prices.
We all make mistakes, we are only human.
You don't want to get over charged for a mis-calculation.
(I say this because one time my ticket said $10 for item when it was only $2.50!).
There's no public toilet, just a heads up.
They run debit as credit and they do check ID with the card.

IM IN LOVE.
i used to work at joanns and was discouraged by the high prices of fabrics.
I then found SAS and was in heaven!
The store is pretty organized so it's not hard to find things and for the most part the employees are extremely busy.
I could spend hours in there I just wish I had something to make all the time.

First of all "first to review credit" needs to go to Mirabella G!
I tried to inform Yelp management of this, but can't figure out how to so want to give credit where credit is due, myself.
Now to my review.
This is a great store to go in if you have absolutely no idea of what your doing or close to it, like myself.
It probably is a much better place to go if you do.
They have a little of everything and a lot of everything.
I say that because I am of the opinion that the more you know about what you are doing, the more you will find.
Suffice it to say you can find an incredible amounts of fabrics and accessories when you walk in the door; just be ready to dig to find what you want.
I go to SAS when I am looking for fabrics and buttons in order to replace dresses for my 90 year old friend.
These are garments that just are not made anymore.
I don't sew but my Mother did or I would be pretty much lost when I go in.
I have no shame so I am likely to ask for help from anyone in the store-employee or customers.
The attitude is such that most of the people shopping there are really nice.
I was trying to decide to between two fabrics when a really older lady walked by who looked really good in what she was wearing.
She was willing to tell me which one she appealed to her and that's the one I purchased.
The employees are another story,    Some really are more helpful than others depending on what you are trying to do.
I think that is partly because they are always so busy.
I've never seen the SAS store slow.
So, don't let one put you off, eventually, you'll find another who will help you especially if you are desperate like me.
The prices here really are great which is why it is worth it to go in and dig.
It is a great people watching place, besides.
Not for the faint of hear, this store is, but it can be a lot of fun.

Awesome selection.
You can find stuff that they stopped making after the Carter administration.
Super cheap too.

This store makes me feel proud of Phoenix!
Pluses: * amazing button selection, at really affordable prices.
You'll find authentic wood, glass, and metal buttons (but they'll be mixed in with plastic junk and odds n' ends that aren't even really buttons, just ... thingies).
When I was going through a "make Anthro-style necklaces out of metal things" phase, this was my No.
1 supplier.
* cotton quilting fabrics.
I'm not a quilter, but if I need a small swatch of novelty fabric to make, say, a Scrabble tile bag, this is the place I'll go.
* fabric in general!
I haven't quite figured out where SAS gets its inventory.
I always assumed it was mill ends and dead stock.
But I've bought yardages here that have clearly already been cut and clearly were originally sold by fabric.com (I recognize their inventory sticker).
I don't know how the sausage is made, but oh well.
* stuff you didn't know you needed.
Yards and yards of that corny "jeans" belting from the 70s?
Holly Hobby eyelet trim?
You're in luck.
* really nice suiting materials.
Mixed in with shit, of course, but that's SAS.
Maybe it stands for "Sublime Among Shitty.
" Minuses: * the staff, MAYBE.
Though I have to say, people ask stupid questions like "how many yards of fabric does it take to make a dress?
" This is not the place to go with your newbie sewing questions.
Take that nonsense to the cutting table at Joann's where, in my experience, the nosy ladies always want to get up in your beeswax while they're cutting your fabric ("what are you making???
") You do have to know how the place works: Get your fabric cut and then meet them at the front to pay for it.

After returning from my trip from a big city fashion district, my inner creative genius led me to Sas Fabric.
Upon entering the location I felt a gush of endless and surreal inspiration.
Why the fuss over a fabric shop you might ask?
The fuss is over Sas Fabric shop!
Move over Joanns, Walmart or any other ratty fabric place because no one beats Sas!
An array of funky, bright, subtle, soft, crisp, shiny, and neutral fabrics fill your eyesight welcoming you to explore!
My imagination was running wild in here!
I felt as if I was at a true NYC fabric supplier!
Other fabric stores in Phoenix simply do not compare and carry FAR less unique fabrics.
Joanne is also more catered to the grandma crowd rather than the modern D.I.Y.
creative soul.
I highly recommened Sas for all fabric related projects.
I've become loyal to Sas for its quality and superior selection.
The staff is also very quick and experienced so they get you on your way to fulfill your creative urges!
Five stars :)

Everyone has a project they've bookmarked and thought about doing.
Come here and grab some supplies, and actually do it this weekend.
Why not?
Inside is nothing short of an upholsterous meshacopia of bargain fabrics canoodling with high-brow silks and leathers.
They have stretchy.
Stripey.
Fluffy.
Fuzzy.
Silks, ribbons, lace... even hot pink satin for that classy-flavored Quinceñera dress you've been threatening to make.
Bins full of broken button families torn asunder and separated forever.
Good luck finding a match.
I enjoy their boxes of .25 scarves, stacks of interesting felty sheets, and counters full of things that would creep me out to find anywhere else (bin full of tiny plastic naked infants, anyone?
)  All in all, this is a great little place.
P.S.
In case of emergency, wear your Sunday best as their air conditioning rarely works well and you risk falling dead of heat stroke.
P.P.S.
If you forget your Sunday best, call me.
I've been meaning to learn how to make formal wear.

First of all I cannot sew so this review is not from the point of a seamstress.
I went there for ribbons and other gold colored fabrics for center piece making and I def found more than I could ever imagine.
They have great luxurious fabrics as well as tacky sequin covered fabrics (I totally bought some).
If you need fabric you will find what you need or something very close to it.
The parking was ok but no lie the place is always packed.
As far as customer service goes it really depends on who you deal with.
Some are chatty Cathys and others don't seem to care much for the customers.
The bottom line is the place might look beat up but the selection is great and the people will cut your fabric and even give you a little extra if they see some damage.

Ridiculous place...there's just so much fabric to choose from that, if you're a fabric whore like myself, you could be in here for half the day.
I can't control myself around fabric...so those of you who belong to FLA (Fabric Lovers Anonymous) know I've broken down in here and bought fabric like five years ago that I still haven't used but promised I would find something to use it for someday or if not you can bury me with it.
ahem...anyway...great for cheap awesome finds.
much better than schlepping out to BFE to go to JoAnn's.
Gigantic rolls of fabrics and some hard to find items--like black out material for our curtains.
Ribbon selection is huge.
Staff can be kind of brusque but only because they're swamped with work, but they are helpful when it's your turn.
Would highly recommend it!

the ladies that work here don't give a fuck about your Project  , they don't help much the costumers they rules are "WHAT  YOU SEE IS WHAT WE HAVE"   they never smile, but the fabrics and full store are amazing !
feel free to shop here

I love this place for what it is-a place to get cheap fabric and other assorted craft/sewing supplies.
I know going in here that it isn't going to be clean, or quick, or easy to sort through the piles of material.
When I shop for fabric, I'm only looking for knits (I make scarves out of super soft knits), which are located on the righthand side of the store near the back in a GIANT pile that is only haphazardly organized.
Knits aren't sold in large quantities like most of the other fabric they have-they are mostly just small-ish pieces that almost all have holes or stains.
You have to check the fabric yourself, because they won't do it for you when you go to have it measured.
I'd say on average, most knits are between 1/2 yard to 3 yards in length that are in the pile of fabrics.
The exception is the bins next to the knit piles, which typically have much smaller pieces of material and are usually irregularly shaped.
I have found some great, super soft knits in these piles-think fabric that is used by James Perse, Ella Moss, Splendid...that's what these feel like.
It requires a lot of digging to find usable amounts of material in the piles that are also hole- and stain-free, but it's worth it!
Knits are only $1.99 a yard here, which is a phenomenal deal.
They sell other fabrics that would be used for costumes, tons of sparkly fabrics, plus fleece, upholstery fabrics (though they don't sell upholstery thread), and a bunch of threads in different levels of quality/quantity.
They do sell needles but they are behind the register, and you order them by telling them which number you want from the "menu" of smallish items.
BEFORE YOU PAY AT THE REGISTER, you MUST have your fabric measured at one of the cutting stations-even if you don't plan to have the material cut!
They measure it to figure out how much you are getting, then they make you a receipt and hold your material behind the register.
When you are ready to pay, simply walk up with your receipt to the register and they'll calculate the total from your receipt and bring you your bag of fabric.
They take most credit cards so I don't need to have cash here (it seems like the type of place where it would be cash-only, but thankfully it is not).
Come here if you are prepared to spend time and effort finding the best and cheapest material around without all the glitz and glamour of a regular (i.e.
chain) fabric store!

So yesterday I went into the SAS at 1111 E Indian School Road, It was my first time in any of the SAS stores; I don't live in AZ, but I pass through this area and spend time here pretty often.
I came in about 20 minutes before closing and moved through the whole store to check out what they had.
I eventually found a big bin (cardboard boxes) that was full of remnants of some great stretch lace.
It was marked "$3.99" and "108 inch".
I found 3 pieces that I liked and made my way up to the cut table areas.
A younger girl who looked like a wannabe Betty Page with glasses eventually called me to her table.
Just to be helpful and make sure she knew where the remnants came from, I said to her, "They're from the 108 inch bin.
" There are a lot of bins and a lot of fabric in the place.
Ignoring what I said, she turned the fabric length-wise and started to measure it the wrong way, 90 degrees from where she was supposed to.
I politely said, " I think you're going the wrong way, it's 108 inch wide fabric.
Since the remnant was actually only a yard long, the way she was measuring was going to make my total come out to three times the price that it was supposed to be.
And since the other two remnants were about a yard and a half each, I was looking at being charged over $50 for $16 worth of fabric.
Insufferable!
She picked the fabric up and held it out in front of her looking at what was clearly a cut edge, and said, "This is the selvage", and then went back to measuring it the wrong way again.
She could have just moved her hands and eyes to what she was calling the end of the fabric and found the real and actual selvage in person, but somehow she did not dally there.
She measured it out and came out with about 3 yards (yes, thats right, 108 inches) but still did not appear to make the connection.
Now, at this point I realized what was happening, she was cordially inviting me to a quick round of "Stupid or Liar".
Anyone who knows the first thing about fabric knows the difference between a cut edge and a selvage; particularly someone who WORKS AT A FABRIC STORE.
I guess it is possible that I happened to catch her on the first day of her cut table career, or maybe she had just wandered in off the street and no one had yet noticed that she had snuck behind the counter, but this seems unlikely.
Thus I can conservatively estimate the likelihood that she was lying to me was approximately 99.99% (with .0003% +/- margin of error).
The question is, why?
Does she want to inflate the price because she gets a fat commission, or because she is actually the owner of the store?
These both seem very unlikely.
I can only surmise that she derives sheer pleasure from ripping someone off, even though there is no financial gain for her.
Perhaps she thought I was an easy mark because I am male, and not the more typical (or stereotypical) flaming male who would know a lot about fabric.
Maybe she is motivated by revenge on men because she recently took her car in to the shop, and the mechanic told her that the "number 6 transaxle injector stabilizer" needs replacing immediately and it will be $900 up front .
She feels violated by a man who had her over a barrel due to her ignorance and now she wants to do the same to someone else.
Who knows.
As it was late, the store was closing, and I was tired, I simply said to her, "Yeah that's OK" and walked out leaving the fabric on her table.
And moreover, I'm not the kind of person who will go round and round with someone trying to tell them something that they should know already, I had already told her twice and that was probably one times too many; and she was in effect calling me a liar.
If it's not a noticeable loss to do so, I think it's best to just step away from people like this instead of giving them some kind of weird fulfillment or satisfaction.
As I said before, this was the first time I went into an SAS fabric shop and I did not deal with any other employees, so I only have this young woman to base my review on.
As for the rest of the store, I liked it a lot, which is the reason for  the three stars; they had a great selection of just about any kind of fabric you could want, and lots of bins full of knick-knacks, zippers, D-rings, thread, etc, etc.
And the prices were good and cheap.
I'm used to California stores like this where you pay through the nose for everything.
In the future I will go back and have a better experience, I trust.

This place is incredible!
A little less than well-organized, but there are tons of inexpensive fabrics and accoutrements.
The people are friendly and down-to-earth.

I made it into this Sas because I happened to be right around the corner for an appointment.
The store was much smaller than 19th Ave which I go to more often.
Things were organized the way Sas organizes.
I always feel like it's a treasure hunt and have fun.
I did find the knit section and they were on sale.
I made a purchase of awesome super soft knits.
One thing I LOVE about Sas is the elastics and trims!
$.50 a yard for 3 inch elastic?
AMAZING!
This was a nice Sas and I will go back if I am over there again for sure!

My mom has been uber into crafting ever since her and the pops took up going to Burning Man.
I've had the pleasure of not only hearing their "OMG MOM NO" stories from the Playa, but also going to SAS to help her find pretty things for tutus and hats and go knows what else.
This place is MASSIVE.
Staff is friendly.
A little disorganized, but you can find some great shit there.
Last time, I walked up with a mini glitter top hat.
It's amazing.

Worst wool selection I have EVER seen.
Saw associates chatting with each other and with friends more than I saw one look to help a customer.
Asked for help and got a woman who was willing to help but didn't understand what I meant by "wool" and took me to what she thought was wool.
At least she tried.
Her effort gave the place two stars instead of one.
With a store that's such a mess, the associates should be all over trying to help out customers.
Because all I did was walk in, look confused, ask a question, and leave.
Customer service counts.
P.S.
I feel like the Tempe location takes pride in their organization and the women that work there have been working there FOREVER!
It's like seeing old friends every time.

The stuff you want and need is there except for one important thing.
Also, they have bad customrt service.
Nobody knows where anything is, they are disorganized and they don't like telling customers how to check out.
Each counter is for something different but there are no signs.
Good luck.
If you ask if they sell an item you can't find, they might say no but it won't be the truth.
Show up when you can spend 2 hours to find  everything on your own.
Forget about the dollar or two dollar bin.
It always costs more than that.
And they say it was placed in that bin by mistake.
If you grab fabric expecting a certain price and actually pay that price.
....and if this happens to you most times please write a review.
I would like to see it.
The truth is people go back because they are the only ones who do what they do AND regular fabric stores are closing all over the valley.
If this were not the case I would go somewhere else.

This place is as bad to be expected!
Essentially a warehouse stuffed with random fabric scraps, ribbon and assorted accessories.
To be honest, you better come here on a scavenger hunt, or else you will be disappointed!

After hours or rather days of trying to find a satin sheet that did not come in a set already I decided to just try satin fabric instead.
After reading the other reviews I wasn't sure exactly what to expect as no fabric store that I've patronized previously had as much as the reviews said this place would.
I have driven past this place for years and never noticed what it was, I always thought it was a costume shop.
Walking into this store I'm sure my face was priceless as I am also sure that upon first entry my jaw hit the floor.
There was so much fabric everywhere.
Not just your usual small bolts but giant rolls as tall as I am in most cases.
I found not only the satin I was looking for but also many other fabrics that would also work that I never thought of before.
In addition the vast selection the prices were amazing.
So many deals on bulk fabric, definitely a sewers dream.
The only caution I have for this place is that I needed three pieces of the fabric but I wasn't made aware that they only do one cut per person per fabric.
Luckily the lady helping me understood my confusion at not being told this before hand and was willing to cut all three pieces for me.
I do wish that their thread selection was larger.
Even though they have industrial size spools they mostly have primary colors.
I had a difficult time matching the thread and fabric.
I will definitely come back here the next time I have any fabric needs.

If you like crafting and sewing this is the place for you!
I needed about 6 yards of upholstery fabric as I am recovering my ratty old dining room chairs, and after some very frustrating searching through tables piled high with folded samples, old bolts and random yards, I nearly gave up then all of a sudden I found *exactly* what I was looking for: three different samples of Toile de Jouy, in pastel pink, green and blue!!
Yes!!
I was super excited to find it in all three colors.
And to add to the awesomeness of my find, my whole purchase, out the door, was only about $12.
Score!!
Be warned that this places is overflowing with fabric and sewing notions and finding exactly what you want can be a challenge, and their customer service is VERY limited.
But if you come in here with patience and lots of time to spare you will find exactly what you seek, eventually.

I get all my crafting supplies from This store.
It's an awesome place to shop if you know what your looking for.

What a mess!!!
Looking for outdoor fabric and this place is close to home, so it was our first stop.
No outdoor fabric could be found, but in fairness, I am not the type of person that likes to "hunt" for things.
I'm more of a get in get out kinda girl, and this store is most definitely NOT conducive to that way of shopping.
After a quick circle around the shop, we went and asked where the outdoor fabric is.
Answer: "if we have it, I would think it's near the upholstery".
If?
Think?
We circled again but there is zero organization in the place, and I was shopping with someone that doesn't have patience for that, so we quickly left.
Also, crowded and dirty.
If they had organization, training, and a mop, they would get more business.
They could even raise prices.
But, I'm sure there are people that would rather dig and shop in a less fancy place to save the money, and if that's you, this is a good place.
Never thought I would feel like a fabric store snob, but I guess that's me.

This place is Christmas when it comes to crafty things to discover.
There is fabric of every kind, nick-nacks, ribbon, and kitschy things.
The employees, though?
Oh my gosh grouchy.
Forget getting help or friendly service here.
Even the guy at the front clearly doesn't want to be here.
Also, be prepared--this is a warehouse setting with poor ventilation.
You will get hot and sweaty.
But I found the materials for some projects for super cheap, which was great.
That concrete floor did a number on my back, though, because I walked around the entire store.
The heating pad was calling my name when I got home.

If I didn't like how close this place was to my house or the giant selection of fabrics I would give it zero stars!
The customer service is horrendous!
the people that work there are the rudest people I've ever seen in my entire life at a store.
That's all

