Weak.
This place is a far cry from the Mill Ave. location in Tempe.
Gone now.
Long Wong's quality is lost on this place.
I had pizza and wings and my slice was literally microwaved to heat it up after I ordered.
Bad, bad, bad.
Wings have always been decent, but there's really no reason to go there ever again.

The wings at this LW were fantastic.
Not battered, but deep friend how they should be.
They were crispy and well done with a sauce that tastes fantastic (I got the hot).
From a wings standpoint, it totally gets a 4.5.
I tried the ribs and they were pretty bad.
Everything else looked good though.
If you want hot wings, this is the place to go.
I only wish they had some sort of hot-teriyaki sauce.
Oh well, can't be perfect.

A far cry from the South Scottsdale location.
The wings I ordered were ice cold!
when I brought them back to the counter, the lady said nothing and threw them into a microwave.
I kid you not!
If you want good wings, try another location.
PROS : I didn't get e-coli.

Growing up in Phoenix, I have always eyed Long Wong's while in the family car.
"Is it Chinese food?
"  No.
My friend had taken me there yesterday for lunch.
She had claimed these are the best wings ever and I was a bit skeptical.
I mean, what can be better than Buffalo Wild Wings?
I had ordered the Honey-Hot and my friend got Medium.
Upon first bite, it was pure bliss!
The wings were deep-fried perfectly and the sauce had me burning up with a sweet after-taste.
This is by far the best place for wings!
If only they'd kick out annoying high school brats...  XD!

Growing up in Phoenix this was THE place to go to get wings!
Before their redecorating back in 09' it was very "cozy" and very "loud" (I'm saddened to see it "toned down" after the redecoration) on the outside.
This is THE place to go for a great deal on wings.
12 for $5?
50 for $24?
Hell yeah man!
They deep-fry them perfectly - they're still juicy in the middle; the mild, medium, hot, suicide, teriyaki, bbq, honey hot, is really delicious.
My family and I love mixing up the teriyaki and medium sauce to give it a great sweet/hot/tangy flavor.
When I moved to Tempe, I missed the place; and the other ones - Mill (even though they closed, I still tried them)?
Scottsdale?
Mesa?
Uh, no.
Nowhere NEAR as fantastic as compared to the first and original Long Wongs in Phoenix, AZ.
I've even ate at the Long Wongs Bars and Grills - the prices were too much for me, 6 for $5?
No thanks.
I love it as they also take your food to your seats, but always remember to clean up after yourselves!
The trash can is the huge Hippo statue by the door ;) The staff and owners are really awesome and sweet, I love playing Pinball and the old retro 80's arcade games while waiting for my food.
The second best Long Wongs I would have to give props to is the one on Indian School Rd - we found this other gem while the original Long Wongs was still remodeling (and they had given a list of other locations).

I remember moving here about 5 years ago wondering what the heck is Long Wongs.
First thought of course was Chinese food, but boy was I surprised when people were talking about their wings.
Chinese people don't eat chicken wings!?
Well, behold my friends they serve burgers and fries too - whoa!
(Joey Lawrence)  I must say this local chain is pretty cool.
This particular location showcases a lot of pictures of local patrons on their walls.
It's a little pooper kinda place, but I'll survive.
They definitely have some ba-donka-donk butt and thunder thigh items on their menu!
If you need some decent take out food by all means, enjoy!

First driving up to long wong's I was like where are we???
Looked like a  little hippy shack.Thought it was the cutest funky unorganized place.
Walked in and its even more unorganized with picures and trinkets!
haha i loved it very cute especially the pink Marilyn Monroe water bottle( i wanted to secretly snatch!
) Got our order within 10 mins and played pinball to pass the time.
Ordered Medium hot and honey hot.
not to bad  wish the honey hot were a little more sweeter and my fries were a little soggy but  the medium hot wings  were just right as my mouth can not take to much heat.
I would  go back and try the rest of the flavors.
xoxo

Long Wongs.
How do I Love your Chicken Wings.
Well these are pretty near heaven.
The price seals the deal.
Really don't need to say much else.
Oh their Cupcakes rock and the Cheese sticks too.
They sell other things too but why?
Not so keen on the $5 12" pizza though.
Ugh.

I don't know if their food is good and frankly, I don't care.
All I know is that I have NEVER in my life been so appalled at the horrible level of customer service at this location and I'll never go back.
I called in my order one night and was told it would be 15 minutes.
When I got there (20 minutes later) my order wasn't ready.
I waited an extra 15 minutes before asking how long it would be.
When the cashier turned around to find our how much longer, the ex-con looking a*hole of a fry cook in the back shouted some obscenities at me, called me a liar about how long I had been waiting, and that was pretty much all I needed to hear before demanding a refund and walking out the door.
Long Wong's can suck a fatty; personally I wish that nasty eyesore had stayed closed.

No, the "quaint" building on Thomas doesn't look like a 5 star restaurant, but they've got the best wings I've found in Phoenix.
By far.
Oregano's, Buffalo Wild Wings, none of them compare with the greasy, spicy, juicy perfection of Long Wong's wings.
And they've got great prices.
My family of 4 will frequently order the bucket of 72 wings, for only $32.52.
For those of you who are curious, that's only 45 cents a wing!
Every day of the week!
We love the Hot and Honey Hot in particular, but all are delicious.
Although, the BBQ and Garlic Parmesan are a little too sauce-y for me.
Some others have criticized the service; I've never had a problem.
That being said, they do seem to have a limited staff.
Every time I've gone the same man and woman have been managing the restaurant.
It does get crowded around dinner time and there isn't really a clear system of lines for those who are picking up and those who are ordering.
Also, when they're busy you may not be able to call ahead.
Superbowl Sunday the phones were constantly busy so I ended up having to go in and order there, then wait.
But overall I've found the service to be just fine and the staff to be pleasant.
Not a place for a romantic dinner, but if you wanna see how comfortable you really are with your SO, take them here and watch each other stuff your faces with wing-goodness.
Yum

Really good prices but I would stray from the wings.
It is very greasy so beware!

I always used to love the wings from here but in the past two years they have gone downhill...Customer service blows and the wings hardly have any meat on them.
Try another location they are all not the same.. Marcias Long Wongs in S. Phx is much better

The original.
The best.
The undisputed CHAMP of burgers, wings and all things in between in Phoenix.
Ron has been serving it up for 30 years.
He's from Buffalo - he knows wings.
Everything else - the burgers, the dogs, and even the Indian Fry Bread - are fantastic.
Have only $5 for lunch?
Ron's got you covered with the Fat Ass Special.
PERFECT to watch football and basketball games in.
Great local family crowd.
Do NOT settle for imitations - make the trip to the ORIGINAL Long Wong's at 28th St. & Thomas!

The hot wings, medium wings, bbq wings, and even the mild wings here are bursting with flavor!
The nachos here are super simple and lack luster.
Just nacho cheese sauce with yellow corn chips.
No pico de gallo, guacamole, or meat.
I see a lot of people ordering hamburgers at this place that is known for their wings.
I have not tried a burger yet but they are popular so they must be half way decent.
This place would get 5 stars if they had beer and if the place was bigger.
When they are crowded during lunch you can be left eating out in the heat on their picnic tables.
If you love wings and have not been to Long Wong's you are missing some tasty bird.

The wings are great!
I prefer the hot wings.
The rest of the menu varies.
Sometimes their burgers are really good, but it seems it changes sometimes..
The wings are always good, though.

when you walk in its old school which is cool and the outside is cool but the food was medioca just a bit i would not give the a second shot now a different location maybe...

.I ordered the pizza and 2 dozen wings for me and a friend.
The wings weren't cooked as I asked....they were very wet rather than extra crispy and they gave only two small plastic cups of ranch, you know the ones I'm taking about, can't even fit the tip of a wing in the cup.
After 8 wings the ranch was gone.
As for the pizza...it is NOT fresh...I think it's actually a frozen pizza.
Was horrible and I couldn't even eat more than one slice...waste of my money.
The place is very dirty.
The kitchen is falling apart, it makes me gag just looking at it.
The dining area is filled with too much junk.
It would be better if they take half the junk out of there and rid themselves of those old and unused arcade machines, broken toys and clocks and sun bleached decorations.
Dusting is not a priority.
If a big gust of wind comes in when someone opens the door you better cover your food.
I think the only reason this place is somewhat busy at times is because there really isn't any other place in the immediate area.
I also think people go there because it USED to be good.

I ordered a dozen garlic Parmesan wings and a order of fried zucchini.
Although they weren't the worst wings I've had, they definitely were no where close to being the best.
The wings were cold, probably due to the gallon of wet sauce they were covered in.
The zucchini was burnt.
I was skeptical pulling into the parking lot because it looked like a carnival.
Let me just say it looked the same way inside.
The dining room was covered in carnival toys and looked like they haven't dusted in years.
They had hand made menus all over the place.
We also had a homeless visitor come in to our table and ask for money so he could eat.
One word for this place YUK!

If you could imagine what a restaurant would look like if you gave someone acid and told them to do some interior decorating, I am pretty sure this would be the outcome.
The outside includes statues of geese, hippos, buffalo's,  and assortment of other creatures.
The inside is wall to wall with stuff from Humpty Dumpty to an American flag to totem pole.
If only the food compared with this quirky atmosphere...  Long Wong's gets one star because the FOOD WAS AWFUL.
I ordered boneless chicken wings.
They were so hard and inedible that I broke my plastic fork trying to stab one to pick it up.
I am not talking a little freezer burn here but am talking hard as a rock.
The medium buffalo wing sauce was hot but had no flavor.
I also had a hot dog.
The bun was super stale and fell apart as I tried to eat the hot dog.
The Costco style tables were filthy.
My child's high chair table is cleaner after she eats than the table we sat at.
If you bring your own food and table, you can enjoy the atmosphere.
Otherwise, I highly don't recommend.

The best hot wings in the Valley.
Hell, in the World.
I love their hot wings.
I recently spent 5 months on bed rest in Good Sam Hospital (a very rough pregnancy) and my husband would have to go get me Long Wong's Hot Wings just to satisfy my intense craving for them.
What I like best about them is that they are well cooked so they aren't fatty, with big fat deposits in the chicken skin itself.
Nothing is grosser to me than biting into a chicken wing and getting a big mouthful of greasy, fatty flabby chicken skin.
YUCK.
Long Wong's wings are deep fried and come out meaty and chewy and little bit crispy.
Delicious!
Kinda like the perfectly browned skin on the Thanksgiving turkey, but covered in delicious hot wing sauce.
Someone once complained that they were similar to chicken jerky and I think that was a compliment!
The way they are cooked you can appreciate the meat and crispy skin and the sauce and you don't have to muck through a heavy breading or flabby, fatty chicken skin.
Their $5 cheese pizza isn't bad either.
And for some odd reason their fountain Pepsi is somehow more yummy than most fountain dispensed Pepsi at other restaurants.
I don't know if they can adjust the mixture and in this case they are running a stronger Pepsi mixture?
All I know is it's better than most places.
Good cheap food.
I like it.

My husband and I are new to Phoenix and have decided to try as many local places as possible.
Intrigued by the outside decor, we ventured into this odd place.
We ordered 2 meals and sat at a greasy, dirty table.
Our wings and burger arrived and we were thoroughly disappointed.
The wings (some spicy ranch and some garlic Parmesan) were soggy from the grease and extra chewy.
The burger appeared to have been  put in the fryer with the wings.
The bun was soggy and the patty doused in pepper.
They did try to make their greasy food healthier by handing out sandwich bags with carrots and ranch.
Good effort.
The one star it gets is for decor and fries.
The fries are great, just covered in salt (shake then it off and they will be fine.
) The decor will keep you entertained and avoid awkward silences.

I've been eating here since the 80s when they opened, we used to hit the place before the Friday night bar hop.
No matter what the other reviews say, I still think this place has some of the best wings I've ever had.
I will drive across the city 21 miles for their wings.

We went there because of the ridiculous stuff that they had outside their building, and the inside was no different.
But it was fun to go to.
It's known for their hot wings, but the burgers that we ordered were amazing!
Also the wings were drenched in sauce and tasted really good as well.
It was a fun place to eat at, definitely recommend it for the wings and burgers.

I love the cheap pizza & wings.
Great food, great prices but it irritates the hell out of me that they always call the numbers out in Spanish.
I have to keep looking at the food being brought out to see if I recognize what I ordered.
That's just rude.

Interesting decor.
Fun little hole in the wall for greasy yummy burgers and fries!

Came here for pizza and wings last night and the quality was WAY off.
:(    The pizza wasn't nearly as cheesy as normal and all the cheese wasn't even 100% melted, the crust seemed different that usual too.
Less doughy and fluffy and chewy and more like a thin, flavorless, store bought, pre formed crust.
(And I'm sorry, but if you run a special for a $6 12" pepperoni pizza and the customer asks for just cheese, why not drop the price a tiny smidge, considering that you aren't having to provide any pepperoni on their pizza?
Almost $23 for a small pizza, two dozen wings and one large Pepsi is kinda high.
)  The wings also weren't up to par this visit.
They were badly overcooked, so much so that the drumsticks had all pulled away from the bone and shriveled into little balls of overcooked cooked chicken at the end of the drumstick.
(I can't think of any other way to describe it...)  I like my wings well cooked (like chicken jerky) but last night's wings were just ridiculously overcooked.
They were also woefully skimpy on the sauce, and too boot the butter that makes up the base for my beloved Long Wong's mild wing sauce was kinda off too.
It tasted a tad rancid.
Not enough to make me not eat the wings, but still I could tell it wasn't very fresh like it normally tastes.
It made me pretty sad.
Adding to all that the damn Pepsi wasn't as rich and syrupy and delicious as normal.
This time I could CLEARLY taste the carbonated liquid underneath the Pepsi syrup, and the carbonation was the dominant flavor.
They obviously changed the ratio at the fountain drink dispenser.
(WTF??
)  Overall this visit was extremely disappointing.
EXTREMELY.
I am a huge Long Wong's fan, and I live right down the street so I tend to come here a lot, but after last night's visit I am not sure when or if I'll be back...  Long Wong's Management, heed my words.
If a die-hard regular like me is contemplating finding another wing place, you need to take a good, hard look at what you've changed and CHANGE IT BACK.
Whatever penny pinching you did with the pizzas was NO BUENO.
Also, the stinginess on the wing sauce and the Pepsi mixture was not a good move either.
Those were THE things that we loved about your restaurant, and would come and brave the less-than-sparkling-clean conditions at your establishment to enjoy.
If you kill the food quality by skimping on cheese, using some crappy pizza crust, being stingy with wing sauce (ON WINGS!
The VERY THING you are known for!!
DO NOT TAMPER WITH A FAN FAVORITE!
) and the syrup mixture on the fountain dispenser then there is almost no way I am braving that frenetic, overcluttered, hot ass mess of dining room restaurant to come back.
Normally I can ignore all that junk on the walls while I savor the delicious food, but now that the food isn't distracting me, I can hardly ignore the random junk dangling from the walls and ceiling.
I am willing to bet you that others will agree here.
You may have saved a little on the ingredients that you just cheaped out on, but it'll cost you a ton in lost repeat business over time.
Penny wise, pound foolish.
Please change it back!

This would be the ideal stop if you were on a scavenger hunt because any and all pop culture trash has been stuck on the wall, shelf or is hanging from the ceiling or parked outside.
OMG, hoarder heaven.
The food was okay yet i ate very skeptically half expecting a cockroach to climb onto the table.
I actually liked the hamburger.
There were wings too but i'm not a fan of those - soaked in enough sauce i'll eat though.
There are skinny carrot sticks with thin and runny buttermilk dressing for dip on the side of each wing order.
There were families at the next table with a whiny child and dad yelling at her for most of our meal - how annoying was that.
It appeared there was only one restroom for everyone and we chose not to go there to wash our hands of all the wing grease and sauce.

The place to go for a great, greasy cheeseburger and decent wings.
I was most impressed with the quality of the bun on the burger.
Very tasty like a brioche.
Also, the decor looks very garage sale chic and the exterior is just crazy looking, in a good way.
For $6, I thoroughly enjoyed my burger, wings, and drink combo.
No, it's not a fancy nouveau premium hamburger place, but if you're looking for one on that part of Thomas Rd, you're possibly a crazy person, or hungover from your Quinceañera.

I always drive by and wonder what kind of food such a crazy looking place can serve.
Stopped in one night craving wings, and just about everything on the menu was screaming to get ordered.
I ended up with a dozen spicy BBQ wings and a side of fried zucchini and mushrooms.
For the price, it really couldn't get any better.
The wings were hot and crunchy, covered in a sweet but spicy BBQ sauce.
The zucchini and mushrooms were fried fresh, so good!
Everything is really affordable and the eclectic decor is fun to look at while you're getting messy with some wings.

It is a mixed bag here.
Great sauces (But maybe drowning a bit) fun atmosphere for families or take-out.
No alcohol at this locale.
Wings were good but not great.

Decent for the money, but not spectacular.
Wings were overcooked and dry.
The western bacon burger was decent.
Bread was good.

First time I went here I ordered a Long Wong, BIG MISTAKE.
The long wong was a hotdog smothered in EZ-CHEESE and tasted like cancer, so I avoided this place for awhile after.
Later on I came back to try the wings and damn they were good!
Well the suicide wings were, only ones I got.
But for 12, they were cheap, LW's didn't skimp on the dip, and they had a good burn to them.
Definitely worth the price if you don't feel like cooking and want to go out and get some cheap spicy wings.

Basic hole in the wall greasy fried food.
Really good prices.
Can be a bit slow and can get pretty crowded.
I have only tried their wings and some of their fried items, not the burgers or pizza.
Overall mediocre food, but a pretty good deal if you are feeding a large family or group.

Wings were old and dry and gross.
Burger was burnt to a crispy and loaded with beyond old lettuce.They forgot the zucchini and mushrooms but im sure they would have been equally gross like everything else.
This place is disgusting.
If you wouldn't eat this food yourself then don't serve it to your customers.

My first time eating here, I gave chance to try the Wings - BBQ.
And I loved it.
Finish the Wings with a messy face, and licking my figures off from the BBQ.
Definitely would come back if I'm near long Wongs.

Whipped into this nutty place for lunch today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.  Yes, it's just as crazy on the inside as the outside.
I went with a Club Sandwich & fries, plus we shared some Ranch Dressing & Parmesan Wings.
The best::  *  You want a place that's different & has character?
This place is about as screwy as they get, inside & out!
:-)  *  Good menu offers various sandwiches, pizza,  chicken wings of assorted flavors and more.
:-)  *  My sandwich, fries & the chicken wings were all good.
:-)  *  1960s THEME, 1960S PRICES!
My real Club Sandwich with a full size side of fries was only $5.00!
Can you imagine?
:-))  = = = = = =  The rest:  *  The triple deck Club Sandwich (BLT + Turkey) was only cut in half, & this sandwich is usually served quartered.
Also, I wasn't offered a bread choice & didn't think to speak up, so it came on white toast, which wouldn't have been my preference.
:-|  *  This place is DUMPY, but that shouldn't be a surprise to anyone.
:-|  *The single bathroom is scary.
:-O  *  The service was friendly but it took a while to get our orders & everybody's food didn't show up even close to the same time.
:-(  = = = = = =  Will I come back?
Probably.
:-)

I drive by this place every day so my roommate and I decided to finally give the place a shot.
Needless to say the best thing about this place is the name (and I guess prices--but remember you get what you pay for!).
The wings made me sick, were super greasy, and the hot sauce was just ok. Their fries were super crispy, way too salty, and the food didn't come out at the same time for the whole table.
The seats looked and felt disgusting, and I was really disappointed!
I wanted to like the place, but I won't ever be going back.

Food....fantastic wings and pretty good pizza.
Ambiance....this place has more character than any restaurant I've ever eaten at.
The kids are always mystified and remark about how it feels like being in an I-spy book.
That being said, it's not the cleanest place in the world and the unisex restroom, well unless you have an emergency situation going on avoid it.
There could be some life forms that have yet to be discovered residing in that restroom.
Staff.....ok  Verdict....If you're in the mood for some delicious wings at a reasonable price, want an interesting environment that will illicit conversation, or have kids this is a great choice.

getting some food I wish it was a lot bigger though feel a little crowded.
But the wings were delicious the French fries are awesome and the service was fast

"If I could rate this place 0 stars I would" I have been to the Long Wongs in Tempe, so my boyfriend and I thought of stopping by here, we wanted to watch the championship game and we needed a place quick.
We go in wanting some drinks, well the bar was closed...fine, we went and sat at a table a couple feet from a tv, perfect!
We asked what draft beers they had and she said they had Bud Light, Coors Light, and Budweiser, so my boyfriend ordered a coors and i got vodka cranberry, she brought over a bottle of coors light and I walked over to the bar and looked at their tap handles and they also had Shocktop and Sierra Nevada on tap as well.
Servers clearly do not know what they even have here.
After waiting for about 30 minutes for our appetizer, we finally got it and then 10 minutes later we got our two burgers.
We had no napkins and when we were looking for our server who seemed to be non-existent all night we saw her talking with the manager behind a wall, after staring at them for a few minutes he finally noticed and sent her to come check on us for the first time the whole meal.
Over all just awful service, our server did not know about food or drinks and on top of it could barely communicate with us.
We were there to watch a game along with two other tables of five guys each who were clearly watching the championship and cheering loudly.
After about 15 minutes while trying to figure out why I could barely hear the game I realized they had TV on a news channel right behind the counter, and the server & manager were also playing music from a jukebox on the other side of the restaurant in the "closed" bar so loudly I couldn't make out any distinct audio and once we asked why there was music playing she replied "oh we're listening to music.
"  My boyfriend and I both have been working in the industry for years and we are completely understandable of a busy restaurant and things taking a few minutes.
There were TWO other tables in there and our server was seen 2 times, our food took forever, and the burgers were not worth it at all.
We finally got the check and payed and left, we wrote a small note about how the service was awful (we wanted to talk to the manager but he was too busy trying to get it in clearly) and this is where it gets so much better.
We left and saw him walk outside, but we were already on the main street so we called and told him about the situation, he asked us "Yes, was there a problem?
" We told him about everything, the service, her not being knowledgable of any of her surroundings or her menu, and he replied "oh...okay"   This place is a disaster, they clearly need to make some decisions to get this place turned around or need a complete new management staff, they lost potential regulars and I will tell every single person I can how awful of an experience I had.
DO NOT GO HERE!!

I have fond memories of Long Wong's from my childhood.
My parents were divorced, so my dad pretty much always took me out to dinner on his nights.
Long Wong's was a solid part of the rotation, and not just because I only ate cheeseburgers.
The place is crazy looking.
Literally, the decor looks like it was inspired by an acid trip.
Nothing says "kid friendly" like a hippopotamus trash can.
If you are a single dad who doesn't know how to cook, you should definitely take your kid here for dinner.
Since it had been at least two decades since I'd been inside a Long Wong's, last night my boyfriend and I decided to check it out.
We had a craving for wings (I accidentally typed that I had a crazing for wings, which I'm pretty sure is the exact same thing)  and you can get a bucket of 50 for, like, $25.
Going to be honest ... 50 wings might have been a bit overkill for two people.
Still, it was worth it.
We did a split order: 1/2 honey hot and 1/2 medium.
The honey hot wings are where it's at.
My only complaint is that I like them to be a little crispier.
Some of them were slightly soggy.
The fries didn't travel well either.
In fact, everything was just kind of soggy by the time we got home.
The wings were still very good, but I think they will be even better once I give the leftovers a little crisp in the oven.
I will say, their homemade ranch was delicious.
Can't beat a hot wing dipped into good, homemade ranch.
I'm definitely going to have to keep this place in mind the next time a wing craving hits ... and maybe ask for them extra crispy.

Today was my birthday and my wifevtook me to this Long Wongs.
Long Wongs has always been a favorite place for me to eat.
My love for long wongs started as a kid.
I would get excited when I knew I was going to get some of their wings.
This excitement continues even to this day.
Their is just something about their wings.
The sauce is great and instead of baking the wings, they deep-fry them.
Making them that much better, with a crisp out side and a juicy inside.
And this Long Wongs did not let me down.
And officers many new flavors of wings.
All just as good.
Today I had the Inferno, parmesan and teriyaki wings.
All had been wonderful.
My wife like the teriyaki the best.
Me, I loved the inferno.
They have many other items on their menu however,  I have never had anything, but their wings.
So I can not give my opinions on the other items.
The service I received from the staff here is hit or miss.
This is still a fast food joint, so this tends to be expected.
People with good customer skills get hired on for more money at other places.
While people with bad customer skills tend to get fired so you're always getting new people.
So your quality of service is random.
With all that said, I do find that the person's who are behind decorating this place must be some kind of Hoarders.
The outside looks like a juck yeard for things the circus has thrown out.
While inside looks like a horder ran out of space at home to keep his, or her junk and just started storing it atbthis Long Wongs.
It is primarily because of this reason,  why I can't give five stars to a place with the best wings.
Eating at a junkyard just is not very appealing at all.
Pros: Great wings with lots of choices.
Cons: service quality is random and I feel like I am eating at a junk yeard.

I am happy to report that after some quality hitches that I mentioned in my last review, Long Wong's is back to good!!
I've been in several times since my last review and each time the pizza and Pepsi were perfect and the wings were amazeballs.
Seems they took note of the issues and corrected them, good on them!
If you haven't had Long Wongs wings then you really should try them.
In my humble opinion they beat all the other wing places, hands down.

Long Wong's is the home to chachkies from decades past, a storefront reminiscent of a tourist destination, jokes of an off-color nature, and really decent cheap food.
I have to disagree with the consensus that this is fantastic food and the best wings in town.
But, it is certainly good and won't break your wallet.
I'm absolutely not complaining.
I just think it was merely "ok".
The staff was pretty friendly even though we swarmed their dining room and rearranged their furniture, so that is a plus.
Walking in was overwhelming!
It's a small place with wall-to-wall knick-knacks and paddy-whacks.
You order at the counter, and there is plenty to look at while waiting for your food to come out.
My fella and I ordered a 12-piece BBQ wings with fried zucchini and a large pepsi.
The wings were very good, though they could have been more meaty and flavorful.
The zucchini did not impress.
I do not, will not, can not do the spicy thing, so we opted out of "the inferno".
That said, I heard rumors that it wasn't that hot, so I stuck my finger in some sauce to try.
It was too hot for me (but hey, so is pepperoni) but I admit it wasn't nearly as hot as I'd expect an inferno might be.
I'd call it a medium/hot.
For a festive evening where I get to cover my face in bbq sauce without judgement, and both Andrew and I leave fed and happy for $12, I'd call it a great success.
I would not say no to a return trip.

five stars for a joint like this?
yeah.
you have to know what you are getting into, as it wont be everyones cup of tea though.
but if you want cheap sandwiches, hot wings, fresh baked deserts and PINBALL this is a great find

This eclectic dive takes "pieces of flare" to a whole new level!
From the outside-in, it's littered with memorabilia, posters, and toy collections reminiscent of a baby boomer acid trip.
After stumbling upon this place a couple years, I went back with much enthusiasm to the UYE: Wing Fest at Long Wongs.
I give the restaurant itself a 5 star rating for uniqueness.
It seems to have pretty deep roots in the community, as lots of families poured in on a Friday night.
Many came for the take-out.
The parking lot outside is not very big, so it can be a tad hectic with folks coming and going.
Near the front door, I think we saw someone selling jewelry.
Not creepy "van guy" jewelry, but a nice lady with her kids interacting with customers.
It is not your usual scene here, and I liked that.
I WISH I could have given the food more stars.
But, frankly, the wings were lacking in meat.
The BBQ sauce we got was ok.
I did like the inferno flavor (it was more like a medium/hot level of heat).
The wings themselves were mostly bone and gristle, and without amazing flavor to supplement, weren't up to par with other valley wing spots.
We also ordered the deep fried zucchini, which I rather liked.
But hey, I'm a sucker for deep fried *anything*.
Also, the Pepsi is free refills, so that was a plus.
I do recommend you grabbing a few friends to check the place out.
It's a neat restaurant and the food won't disappoint you.
Just don't go in with too high of expectations.

I love hot wings.
It's a weird food.
I mean, think about it for a second.
You can't make them at home.
Ok someone is reading this right now mumbling duhh ya you can duhhhh.
Listen A hole, yes you can but its just not worth all the steps ok?
Besides they're just not gonna be as good so shut up.
Shut it.
Since Teakwoods moved from 28th st & Indian School I've been without a wing joint.
Eating 2nd rate wings is depressing.
Just thinking back to last month when I was munching on a breaded hot wing from Domino's puts me on suicide watch.
It's like handing a strung out crackhead a freagin antihistamine.
Speakin of crackheads, remember that episode of Saved By the Bell when Jesse was poppin all them pills singing that one song?
I haven't been to Long Wong's in a few years primarily because the last few times I went there...I was not impressed.
Well the other day a friend at work brought in some wings.
Me, being a crackhead for these things I tried them out & asked where they were from.
You guessed it.
So tonight I ordered a dozen hot.
No zucchini, no mushrooms, no pizza - just some wings.
The total came out to close to 8 bucks with an extra ranch.
I came home to watch the ballgame & really enjoyed them.
They were the only pleasant suprise tonight as the Dbacks got their asses handed to them once more.
They come a little bit on the wet side, which I think works.
I would give the sauce a solid 8 out of 10.
They cook them perfectly, done all the thru.
They must have made some changes since I last been here because I don't ever remember the wings being on this level.
Props to you guys.
I'll go back once I need another fix.
Perhaps ill try one of there other sauces?
One suggestion I would make to the Long Wong familia is maybe offer grilled hot wings to char up some of that sauce.
Till then ill be alright with my normal crack.
Maybe I'll get really wild, order TWO dozen, go on a naked rampage & eat some poor man's face.
Then again...the dozen should probably do.
See ya around Wong.

