Was I crazy taking my car to a self admitted Madman?
Would I regret sitting down at this tea party?
Would the Time is takes to complete the car work be affected by mustard on the guy's watch?
Is the Queen correct, should he be beheaded?
The answer to all of these is NO!
1 star for getting a friendly, calm voice, telling me their hours and to bring it in whenever I wished, first come first serve and meaning it.
No push one for English, no confusing bumbling appointment scheduler, no leaving my car there overnight, handing out my key so they can get to it "sometime.
"   1 star for putting my car up on the lift right away and describing each of the sections that required repair and why, showing me the parts in advance; breaking down the quoted repair before beginning any maintenance.
No surprises, total professionals.
1 star for completing the repair in 45 minutes, same day with all new parts, full warranty.
Drove away after spending less time than it takes to get a lunch.
1 star for adjusting the muffler the next day with no appointment required or cost when we detected a rattle.
Great handshake and pleasant quick attention.
Took less than 5 minutes!
1 star for contributing to the community a portion of proceeds to help veterans and schools.
For a grand total of perfect 5 stars.
This is obviously the complete madness they refer to in the name.
Compared to the usual run around you get with shady car repair places, this was insane in a good way.
If you need work done on your car exhaust and you don't know who to trust or go to, take my word for it, go to Mad Hatter.
It was painless and the cost was half of what I expected from another shop or dealer.
They will be our go to repair place for these needs from now on.

Our car failed emissions three times.
DOh!
Finally we determined that we needed a new catalytic converter.
I called Mad Hatter at 12:10 on a Saturday.
They said they close at one pm, but if we got there quick they could do what we needed.
They gave us a price quote.
We arrived at 12:20.
They installed a new catalytic converter, we paid the quoted amount.
We left at 12:40.
How's that for all done, no fuss no muss?
We passed our emissions test with flying colors.
GOLD.
Honest, fast, wonderful service!
We love this Mad Hatter location!

I recieved a diagnosis (from a trusted mechanic) that I likely had a bad catalytic converter on my Dodge Stratus.
I saw the positive review on Yelp and decided to try Mad Hatter.
I received a phone quote for $269.00 to replace the CC.
When I brought the car in, Mark (the shop tech) decided to check to make sure the CC was bad before doing the replacement.
Mark spent about 20-30 minutes on the CC, finally taking it down and showing me that it was okay and didn't need replacement.
He had let me know beforehand that there would be a small charge to check it (which I okayed), but only ended up charging me about half of what he quoted because it didn't take as much work as he thought.
In these times, with everyone scrapping for every dollar, it's really nice to know that there are honest mechanics out there willing to help YOU save money.
I will definitely recommend this shop to anyone needing muffler/CC/brake work in the future.

Looking for a great break job at a good price?
This place is thorough, efficient and honest.
When I showed up a little after 8am there were already 2 cars ahead of me.
Mark gave me a realistic time estimate for my free brake check and after the diagnosis, they efficiently completed the job and I was on my way.
Mark was personable, courteous, informative and old school honest.
What a rare and welcomed combination!

I Highly reccomed Mad Hatter!!
I had an exhaust leak in an older car and called these guys.
I expected a lenghthy diagnosis and repair but I was in and out within 15 minutes.
In todays day and age its nice to find a shop that is honest and reasonable!

This place is awesome!
I came in based on the previous reviews and I wasn't disappointed.
My car was sounding like a rice rocket, so I brought it in - turns out two welds had popped off of the exhaust.
$20 and 5 minutes later, everything was perfect!
Wish I had come in sooner this week and had my brakes done, but at least I know for next time!
Plus, if you choose to wait for your car - The Yard is RIGHT NEXT DOOR!

Great place to take your ride!
Went in for an exhaust inspection, the man got my car in and had my problem found in minutes.
Very kind and helpful work with a straight up attitude make this the best place around to have exhaust work done.
Nothing beats that kind of service.

