Try out this awesome needlepoint store.
It's a non proftit store run by volunteers who love to stitch!
They have knitting yarn as well and one of the best selection of fibers in the valley for needlepoint projects.
It's worth the stop.

This shop is so organized and very professional.
The staff are very friendly and helpful.
I was impressed by the selection of yarn and knitting needles and how easy it was for me to find what I was looking for.

I was very excited to learn about this shop from the "New Times Best Of".
I ventured in on a Tues. morning and with some difficulty I found someone to help me.
I am a basic knitter and am happy with that.
I bought some merchandise and off I went to knit.
Upon trying to return to expand my knitting three times I have gone to the shop and three times I have not received any assistance.
Once I left work early and arrived at the shop at 3:50, they close at 4.
I went on a Saturday to be told "there were no knitters there, and to come back on Wed. eve at 5 and the knitters will be there to help me.
"  I know exactly what I want to make I just need some assistance.
This eve.
is Wed.
I went into the shop and there was a knitting class.
I explained I didn't want a class just some assistance.
I was told by the knitting ring leader "this is my class, $65 for 6 classes, we knit 5-7.
" I explained I didn't want to knit i wanted to buy wools and go home and knit.
Four times she repeated herself regarding her class.
I get it is her class and she is not there to assist with questions on the retail level.
What I don't get is who is?
Volunteer run and charity driven is a primary factor I wanted to support this store.
However I can't seem to give them my money.
I guess if you don't want to be in some sort of cult like stitching class this is not the establishment for you.
It saddens me because the idea is great, the merchandise is beautiful however customer service and assistance is necessary even if you are a bunch of volunteers.
I guess I will find another shop that will assist me by helping  me and take my money.

