Not a bad place....
It is defiantly more tex-mex than authentic... but they have Mexican beer, margaritas and is in a good location.

The food is good, but my favorite thing about the place is the art.
I know I'm weird, but they really do have some great pieces to peruse as you nibble those chips and salsa.
While this isn't my #1 Mexican spot, it's location has a been a great center meeting point with friends.
The food is never disappointing and service has always been good.
Very good actually.
Oh the stories I could tell about our friend doing some super heavy flirting with one of the waiters.
Though at that level it's hardly even flirting anymore.
More like a direct offer.
But anyhow...
He handled it smoothly as silk.
This would lead me to guess they have a pretty good bar, which my friend was enjoying of course.

While Ajo Al's easily holds the crown for most bearable tex-mex food in town, imho, I still am a far cry from a big fan of here.
One of my best friends LOVES this place.
LOVES it.
And I could never figure out why, but I have since turned him onto El Molino in Scottsdale and I haven't heard much about Ajo Al's lately, so maybe he just didn't know any better.
Also, I did hear murmurings of trouble with health code violations here a few months back.
Those usually don't scare me too much, in all candor, since perfectly good restarants get the whistle blown on them for relatively minor infractions so often that I've grown somewhat callous to their warnings.
Further, I'm sure any problem that once existed is now long gone since there was some press about the incident when it happened.
A good after work place to grab a drink or watch the game with friends, but do yourself a favor and grab some authentic mexican that us Phoenicians are blessed with when it comes time to eat.

Good ambiance, great service, comfortable enough, and the prickly pear margarita was delicious!
So what gives with the two stars?
The food was abysmal!
I've never had worse mole sauce.
I wouldn't even call it mole sauce.
It was more like "black bean paste.
" Another member of my party had the same dish as I, and we both only ate about half and turned down the offer of the box.
And I love almost everything!
It was just bland, which is really bad in my book.
A person orders mole because they like flavor!
No one else in my party complained aloud about their food (but neither did I since I was eating for free), but I heard few compliments about anything except the wonderful margaritas.
Stick with happy hour at this joint.

Abysmal food and service.
Has gotten progressively worse over the years.
Just an expensive Taco Bell.

Sure, it's a chain.
But I thought it was very good!
We were promptly seated, our waiter checked on us several times, and the manager was even on top of things and cleared the plates the minute we were finished.
The food came out within about 10 minutes, and it was really good.
I had the shredded beef chimichanga with a side of refried beans.
The meat was juicy, slightly spicy and the chimi was fried just right.
Overall, I'd be back!

4/26/2008 I went here today with a group of 8 women.
We had a lovely lunch.
We even pulled out a craft project and it felt totally comfortable.
The food was wonderful.
The staff was really easy-going and tentative considering the size of our group and our crafty nature.
:)  11/26/2011 We held our wedding rehearsal dinner at Ajo Als on the patio.
It was perfect.
The service was wonderful.
The food was plentiful and great.
The space was nice for a large group of people.
We had around 40.
The patio could have easily fit many more!

Ajo Al's, I don't know why I keep coming back to you.
Perhaps it's because I've eaten at the 90th Street location since I was a pre-teen.
I've had good experiences and horrible; guess this is a trait at all Al's locations.
This is the second time that I've visited this location, last time being a year ago and the food was ok.
This time the food was mas o menos.
We ordered Sangria, however, the sangria served was unlike any other I've had.
The server told us it consisted of watermelon juice, brandy and he couldn't remember what else.
No wine in sangria?
Hmm... Anyways, the appetizer of guacamole was great with a lot of garlic and lime to it; the entrees, at least mine, was downright nasty.
I ordered the Garden Fajitas light oil, to be served Garden Fajitas swimming in oil.
So much oil I think that by consuming my entree it might serve as a laxative as well as a meal.
I didn't eat the fajitas, or the rice because I'm sure it contained chicken broth.
On the bright side the Mushroom Enchilada I had was good.
Now I know why I visit Al's on an annual basis, if that.

Ajo Als rocks, but this location is hit and miss.
For some reason their chips are consistently not as good as the other locations - it's like they are soaked in grease.
If you can go to either of the Scottsdale locations, you are better off, based on my experiences.
The pollo con queso is great!!!
It's the best thing on the menu if you don't care about calories (deep fried chicken burro, smothered in cream cheese and cheddar cheese, mmmmmmm).
If I don't want 2,000 calories in one meal, I go for the Salad Carbone with Chicken.
It's seriously one of the best salads I have ever had.
They marinade the chicken in something wonderful, it's so tender and flavorful, and served with the best jalapeno ranch.
!Muy bueno!

I dig this place.
It's the closest thing to a sure thing in the area for me as far as Mexican food is concerned.
The shrimp fajitas rock, as do the fish tacos, which are made with grilled pacific Hawaiian Ono - I think they come with corn tortillas, but they'll gladly trade those out for flour if you ask nice.
They also come with a super tasty chipotle cream dipping sauce, but not enough in my opinion.
Ask for more, they'll bring it.
For vegetarians I recommend the mushroom enchiladas blancas or the spinach enchiladas, both of which are equally delicious - and rich.
Bring the Lactaid if you're lactose intolerant.
Oh, and apparently they've got a killer lunch menu - not sure how I've been going there for years and didn't know that.
Oh, well, maybe it's because I usually go for dinner.
Margarita ordering tip: go for broke.
The base margarita blows.
Yeah, it's way cheaper, but it tastes like you're drinking pure sweet & sour mix.
Order their top shelf, whatever it is, I don't remember, think I had one too many last time I was there.

Every year on my uncle's birthday (December 31st) my entire extended family (and usually some friends) goes to Ajo Al's.
Every year my Father (or one of my uncles) gets me to split a giant (GIANT) plate (really enormous platter pan) of nachos.
Every year there are at least 20 of us.
Every year the food is good and we have an amazing time.
The menu is expansive, but not overwhelming, so anyone can find something he or she likes (even if you don't care for Mexican food, you can find something more American...without this place feeling like an Applebees...because it certainly doesn't).
The service is not always the best (always nice, but sometimes slow), ESPECIALLY if they sit you on the patio (they usually forget about you there).
I only go there about twice or three times a year, but it certainly isn't because it isn't delicious.
Definitely looking forward to it this year!

A year later, I'm back at Ajo Al's and still like it just as much as last time.
It's a little heavy on the salt, but whatever.
The steak Chuy's Chimi was awesome, not overcooked.
The waitress made sure to let me know it's covered in green sauce, and substituting red wasn't a problem.
The service was great - never had to ask for a refill, the chip bowl never went empty.
Delicious, reliable, what more do you want?

For a chain Ajo Al's is pretty decent.
Shrimp fajitas, tacos morongo and fish tacos are all really good.
All their taco plates come with great side sauces (tomatillo, chipotle cream, avacado puree).
They also make a pretty yummy breakfast burrito.
I'm not a huge fan of their salsa, but they have a decent hot sauce.
Their sangria is not actual sangria made with wine, but a fruit juice blended drink (beware).
Top shelf margs are awesome.
The place is usually packed and I have always had great service.

This was the second time I have been to Ajo Al's.
The first time was about 10 years ago when I first visited Phoenix.
I remembered it well.
I like the atmosphere.
Warm and welcoming, lots of cool are and things to look at.
I did not know this was a chain until I read the other reviews.
This is no Chevy's though.
This is far better, in my opinion.
The chips and salsa are fresh and flavorful and plentiful.
The basket they bring you is huge!
I had chicken flautas and they were delicious.
They topped them with guac and pico de gallo.
The rice was fluffly and moist and the beans were good too.
I only had ice tea but that was some of the best ice tea I have ever had.
I don't know what made it so good.......I mean it's ice tea, but I downed two glasses of it in no time flat.
I know there are tons of other non-chain mexican places in Phoenix and I will try them all!!
I love mexican food!!
But I will come back to Ajo Al's too.
I'd like to try a margarita next time.

Shrimp Tacos Morongos.
There may be no better shrimp taco on this side of the border.

It appears that as I get older, I get cheaper.
Such is my reinforced experience with Ajo Al's yesterday.
I stopped in for lunch with my blind friend, who despite having lost his vision years ago can "feel out" good food from eight miles away.
We were seated quickly and I started to peruse the lunch menu, only to be shocked that everything was $9.
Since when in the hell is everything $9 for lunch?
That's a dinner entree price, not a lunch price.
Lunch should be $6 or at most $7.
After getting over my Scrooge-like reaction at the menu prices, I ordered the pollo con queso (shredded chicken covered with cheese and a spicy baja cream cheese suace).
It was heavenly as I remember it from years ago.
My dining companion chose the mushroom enchilada, which also was quite tasty.
I still hate the way they serve the salsa here, in tall narrow tumblers.
It's impossible to dip your chips in the salsa container (where is a damn bowl when you need one!
) so I had to pour it onto my salad plate and scrape up the salsa from there.
Overall, the salsa is only average.
It needs more kick and this is a big issue for Mexican restaurants in my head.
You do end up with large portions, but I'd like to see them pare down the portion sizes and the prices accordingly.
Two for lunch cost as much as three for dinner the other night at Juan's on Thomas and 16th Street.
That's not right.
So, overall Ajo Al's gets a B for food quality but a D for prices.
The salsa helped me arrive at my three-star rating for this place.
With minor changes, this could easily be a four-star place.
Make it so, oh culinary gods!

Clean, no wait and plenty of parking but that's where the positive stopped.
Service was insultingly slow, food was  luke warm and ooverly sally...won't be back..

OK I hated it!
I have eaten Mexican food all across North America and this is by far the worst!
Seriously I would prefer to eat at Taco Bell than return here!
The building is all they have going for them.
Service is mediocre.
If you read the menu you will see at the bottom that they will not split checks for a table and a few other will not rules!
Come on people, how tacky and inhospitable can a eatery be!?
My waitress was some young girl.
She was okay but obviously not to experienced.
My food, left me dumb founded!
I was having lunch.
I ordered the steak fajita $11.
It was a big meal with rice, beans, guacamole, Pico de Gallo, the fajita had lots of colorful peppers w/ onions and mushrooms!
Never have I had mushrooms in a meat fajita, but okay I'll go with it.
Then I bit into something that set my mouth a blaze!
But beyond all that the food was SALTY!
Yes the rice and beans as well!
I could not eat it.
I set there contemplating my hunger, what set before on the plates and the girth of my waist size, or to doggy bag it for my hound - I was ready to walk away when the waitress showed up and noticed my plate.
When presented with the idea of a to go box, I broke down and told her it was to salty.
She kindly offered to get me something else.
Off the top of my head I said a chicken enchilada.
It came out, and it was even worst!
When asked if it was to my pleasing, I told a bold face lie!
I said it was better, only meaning it was not as salty.
Then I asked for a small sour cream, to cover the taste up in an attempt to make it look like I had eaten more of it then I intended.
I picked at it but left more than half of it on the plate along with the sour cream (2 Tablespoons) that they charged me $2 for!
I wanted a Sangria but opt not to attempt that recipe after experiencing the kitchen's recipes.
Besides $7 for a glass of Sangria was a bit steep in my mind as well.
If you know me, you will soon learn I love a happy hour.
I read their happy hour brochure and was not impressed.
Basically half price on chips & two different dips and $5 drink specials.
I'll pass on this as well.
Wild horses, horny handsome straight men, nor hunger or thirst will get me to return to Ajo Al's or recommend it.
Oh and it's not cheap for lunch nor dinner either, considering it's Mexican food and awful.
Sure glad my Uncle Al could cook better than this.

Funny...when I return to my office after eating here, my colleagues raved about how awesome it it.
Not as funny, I didn't agree.
I did like the atmosphere and the service, but I thought the prices were a little high for lunch although the serving was good.
I had the chicken fajitas which were ok.
I thought it was a different kind of style than I am used to so I wasn't impressed.
I'd like to give it another shot before I totally condemn a place that is obviously popular, but it's back to Chuy's and Ernie's for now....

Ajo Als on 16th Street es no bueno, my girlfriend and her brother got food poisoning from here yesterday!
that's just gross!

I went with my co-workers today and I had a Chicken Taco Salad.
The service was fast enough for the place being full, the price was average, there was plenty of parking, and I had a great experience.
I'd go again.

--Conveient location.
--Food is pretty good...the meat portions are generous for the fajatias.
--Service was quick and effcient.
--Good chips and salsa

I was up in this part of town at lunchtime today, so I whipped in here to Al's.
This is a stylish, good-sized place, & it was already almost full of lively diners at 11:45!
Things got off to a good start, with a whole pitcher of ice water landing on the table, along with a basket of excellent chips & a nice carafe of tasty salsa.
I ordered a #7 Combo, which arrived pretty soon as a roasting hot platter with a Chile Relleno, a beef tamale, a hard shredded beef taco, & a bit of salad.
The prices are a little high (but obviously they are getting away with it), & they give you a small plate to scoop up your salsa from, instead of a more useful bowl, but of course you can get one for the asking.
The service was good, & this was a big, delicious lunch.
I don't know if Al is really an A-Ho.., but he can cook!
:-))  #7 Combo $11.45

This place is a good average mexican food restaurant.
I would say its comparible to Macyos.
We did get something on there menu that I have not seen anywhere else .
It was enchiladas with mashed potatos shredded beef and a really good sauce on it.
I would get it again for sure  when ever i make it back .
They get packed for lunch!!

I think this is the 4th or 5th different Ajo's I have been too.
Anyway, this location is great.
The Mexican pizza is just stupid good.
Chips and salsa are delicious.
I am not a fan of chain restaurants but Ajos has seemed to do a good job of controlling quality and they have never let us down.

I'm going solid 4 stars, but with a caveat....:)  The chips were hot and crispy - 4.5 stars.
The "hot"salsa was nicely done - 4.5 stars.
The "green" salsa was one of the best I've had - 5 stars.
The show-buster which gets 6 stars is the "Spicy Chicken Soup.
"  I read the review of this soup in the New Times 2007 "Best Of..." and have to agree that it's one of the better chicken soups around .
Perfectly salted (meaning not overly salty) and with the right amount of pepper.
Nice big chunks of obviously 100% "REAL" chicken breast (no fillers, nothing fake about it ) and zucchini and whole baby carrots.
Sprinkled with a touch of corn and rice and small slivers of onion.
Very tasty combo of flavors.
Hits the spot on a cold 50 degree day.
The caveat?
My other friend had the lunch combo with a taco and a cheese enchilada, refried beans and rice.
Absolutely nothing special or very tasty about any of the stuff on his plate.
Bland.
Boring.
Cheap-looking and cheap-tasting.
So if you are in the mood for some good, decently flavored chicken soup, and some above-average chips and salsa, give it a try.
If you're gonna order a combo meal, I'd say take your business elsewhere.

I love this place, so much so that we're having our rehearsal dinner for our wedding here.
There's a good story to that, too.
When we first spoke to the manager (I'm pretty sure it was the manager) he said that the patio was taken the night we wanted to reserve it.
A few months later though, the patio opened up and he called us to let us know.
I was pleasantly surprised to know he had kept our contact information all this time and thought to follow through with us, too.
Besides having great customer service, their food is good, too.
I love their beef chimichaunga and it's delicious every time.

Ajo Al's has been one of my favorite locals only places in the Valley.
The food is great, the portions are large, and the atmosphere is homey.
It's the kind of place that feels like if you started coming every week, people would know your name.
My two favorite dinners are both specialties: Mushroom Enchiladas Blancas and Pollo Blanco Enchilada.
Both have their delicious white jalapeño sauce.
While you are here, check out the bathrooms.
Very nice!

A favorite of mine.
Probably the one restaurant that I've been to the most in the 10 years I've been here in Phoenix.
Love the Mexican Short Stack.

I have been going to this place for years, but have been slacking lately... so I returned a couple of weeks ago.
I was craving a chicken taco salad, and remembered how great theirs was.
It is served in a tortilla bowl, and while I suppose you could eat the bowl, I don't... and go straight for the chicken...and there is plenty of chicken.. which is quite filling.
It is shredded chicken on top of fresh greens, cheese, tomato, and a black olive or two.
I had the italian dressing with my salad and my friend had the jalapeno ranch.
We were both happy.
The chips are hot and crispy, and the salsa is good.
While I normally go during the week around happy hour time, I went on a Sunday afternoon.
The service is great, the place is nice, and the bathrooms are clean, My favorite server was always Myra...but I'm not sure is she is there any longer.I will have to go back and check!

I enjoy going here although it is far from authentic Mexican cuisine.
You gotta get the mushroom brown sauce it's killer.
I enjoy combo number eight with the brown sauce added.
Stay away from all of the chicken dishes they are bland and dry.

Mediocre at best.
Not too tasty.
Salsa blah, beans and rice too salty.
Only thing I feel confident in recommending is the Mexican pizza app w/ chicken.
Big enough to share.
Other than that, the price is too expensive for the food served.

Go here for happy hour... which I believe is until 6:30pm?
Great deals on drinks and the food selection isn't too shabby either.
We (me & the  BF) ordered the chicken quesadilla per recommendation of the bartendress- great recommendation.
That lil pocket of deliciousness is STUFFED with chicken and cheese plus you get all the naughty fixin's on the side (guac, sour cream, salsa...) as well.
All of the other food is still your standard, delicious Mexican... still very reasonably priced.
Ditching your vehicle is very convenient, plenty of parking in the back.
Air conditioning is always 'full-blast.
' Can order pitchers of margs frozen or on the rocks during happy hour.
Couldn't ask for more on a 115 degree day :)

I had almost given up on Mexican food in Phoenix.
I tried this place on a Friday during lunch.
I had a combo meal that included a taco and cheese enchilada.
This restaurant is one of my new favorites.
The cheese enchilda was a great choice.
Excellent flavor.
The taco was also nice and crispy, and the beef had great flavor.
The chips and salsa were very good.
The salsa was not the best I have ever had, but very good.
I wish they would put the salsa in bowls.
I cant stand eating salsa off of plates.
I will definitely return to this location.
Great food and service.

to start with i went with my boyfriend at 330 on 9/10/11.
there were only 5 tables of people there including us.
after sitting down i realized the cushion was covered in chip crumbs and lettuce, clearly they had not been wiped off.
after ordering the server Joe D didnt ask if i needed a straw or lemon for my water.
then my boyfriend had to wait 10 minutes to get a refill on his pepsi.
when i looked around i saw Joe D standing at the bar slurping from his drink while talking to the guy behind the bar.
The table next to me were served burnt chips.
when we got the food my chicken was dry.
this place sucks!
i had been there before about 10 years ago and it was great back then.
lastly this company has no comment cards anywhere in the restaurant nor do they have a way to contact the restaurant or make complaints through the website.
they must not care about their customers as much as they use to.
i do not recommend.
if you are looking for mexican there are better places in the central/biltmore area.
the only good thing was the red sauce on the chimi but not enough to get me back.

This is my go to lunch spot by work.
Service is quick and the food is good.
Definitely order the hot salsa with your food; the regular salsa is kind of bland.
Menu is full of Mexican/American favorites.
Nothing is really spectacular or revolutionary, but it's all pretty solid.
I've never been disappointed.
If you're looking for decent Mexican food near the Biltmore/Camelback area, this is always a good choice.

One of my most favorite places to eat.
I've been there no less than a 50 times over the years.
Love the chips and salsa and everything I've tried has been delish.

I'm originally from L.A. and as I bitch about constantly, it is HARD to find good Mexican food in Phoenix and Ajo Al's was a bit of a disappointment.
However if a step above Taco Bell works for you, then you'll love this place.
My friends and I were on a kick for a time coming here, mainly because they have a decent Happy Hour.
If anything, you should check these guys out for that.
The restaurant itself is nice on the inside and they have a nice bar so you won't be disappointed if you want a drink and some munchies on the way home from work.
My advice, if you're going to hit this place, is to grab a seat at the bar, order a drink and an appetizer, have maybe another drink (or two) then move on.

Oh so Yummy!
Letter E lunch special!
I've been going to Al's for YEARS now.
They have some of the BEST Tex-Mex food anywhere!
Their chicken has *ALWAYS* been very moist and tasty.
I highly recommend trying them out!

Ok, Ajo Al's is not really mexican food, but it's the best darn tex-mex you'll find in these parts.
To be fair, all Ajo Al's are not created equal.
I've eaten at the other two in Scottsdale, and this location is superior, by far.
Great food, great service, super strong margaritas, a girl couldn't ask for more.
I also appreciate their willingness to substitute on menu items.
Here I can get the pollo fundido with shredded beef, which is a big deal for me, considering I'm allergic to chicken.
If only more places were as awesome and as accommodating as Ajo Al's.

Good, but nothing really outstanding.
Service is friendly and attentive here.
The salsa has quite a kick.
I ordered the Seafood Enchiladas.
Good flavor, wish they had a bit more of a cream sauce or something.
Unfortunately, they did a number on my digestive system the next day..  Good choice for Mexican but does not really stand out from any of the other various choices.

Ordered steak fajitas which were very tough.
Both the side servings of retried beans and rice were bland.
Overall there was a lack of favor as it seems their recipes do not allow for some spices.
A little cumin in the beans would make a huge difference   The rice was the most bland.
The  quantity was great but this is no trip to flavor town.

Stopped in for a few drinks while my car was getting detailed across the street and I was pleasantly surprised by the great happy hour on a Saturday lunch!!
We got cold beers and con queso dip!
Our bill was less than $20 bucks and we had a great time at the bar talking with other regulars and the bartender!

I had a wonderful meal here on a Friday night.
Not too busy and was seated in a quiet room in the back.
I ordered the special "candy jalapeno margarita" to start.
it was delicious and unique - it tasted like candy and then had a hint of spice as you swallowed.
I ordered the combo #2, which was an enchilada, taco and rice and beans.
The taco shell was warm, light and crisp....all fresh ingredients.
My rice was perfectly cooked and the beans were authentic.
Good service and good Mexican food.

Had lunch there yesterday.
The service was excellent but the food was not that great.
I had a cheese enchilada & a taco.
The enchilada was black from the chili sitting too long in the warmer and the taco was below par.
I ate it because I was so hungry but I should have sent it back.
I could have had a microwave dinner & done better.
Will not repeat that mistake again.
ArizonaBrad

Went here for lunch today.
The chips and salsa were terrible.
I ordered the steak fajitas.
The meat was good, but the veggies were burnt beyond recognition.
Good service.
Too expensive for quality of food.
I'd rather go to Macayos or Filibertos.

This is always a hit.
It's my go-to Mexican restaurant in the area, and the food never disappoints.
I wouldn't call it terribly unique, but the food is really, really solid and they have lots of great options.
I love the taco salads and enchiladas especially.
The one thing I can't figure out is their salsa strategy.
There are chips and two different types of salsa.
One is served in a little cup and is way too spicy for me.
The other (delicious salsa) is served in a carafe, so you have to pour it in something to use it.
Puzzling, but not a huge problem.
I definitely recommend Ajo Al's.

Sour Topping.
REALLY?
You charge me $14 for a "Chuy's Chimichanga" and you serve it with sour topping?
I so wanted to make this a good review, or at the very least, a decent review, but I guess I'm gonna have to settle for a fair review.
About 15 years ago, Ajo Al's was a decent Mexican Food place.
The didn't push any boundaries, and you could count on getting a good value for your money.
I dined here on almost on a weekly basis for lunch or dinner.
Since then, my life has taken me further east geographically as well as metaphysically and I guess the old adage that one can never go back is proven true by Ajo Als.
The wife and I were alone this Friday evening, and I've been jonesing for a chimi for a week now.
The opportunity to quench that thirst appeared with the thought of going to a place we've ignored for so long,  Piling into the rod, we tooled down Camelback toward the west, noticing the changes at Town and Country and the Collonade along the way - notes for future dining opportunites :-).
Arriving at Ajo Al's, I notice they've built a new facade in the years since, or they've repainted, or it's been a heck of a long time.
The parking lot was about two-thirds full - this was my first clue.
We were seated quicklyin a booth, after refusing a table when there were like 5 booths available.
There was a raucous crowd at the bar, as this was happy-hour.
The chips and salsa arrived immediately, water and menus shortly after.
The chips are crispy, thin, lightly salted and fresh.
The mild salsa is your basic tomato sauce that rested near a can of chiles at some point in it's life, and the Hot Sauce was definitely hot, with an immediate tartness of red-chile and a nice followup burn.
The drink special was something called a "Coronarita" and the waittress described it like a margarita with a Corona beer poured into it.
GAK!
That sounds absolutely disgusting as I asked the waittress if they cut you off if you cannot pronounce the name.
I ordered iced tea for me and Modelo Especial for my lovely companion.
For dinner I ordererd the only Chimichanga I could find on the menu, described as stuffed with steak and served enchilada style with sour cream on the side.
I also asked for all beans instead of the usual beans and rice sides.
My companion ordered the Ono Fish Tacos.
When our food arrived, the first thing I noticed was the sour topping, not sour cream.
Even for sour topping, this must have been the bargain brand, as it was a consistency of melting jello, but it was white.
Flavor was non-existant.
I broke into the chimi that was glazed with a nice green sauce and a few shreds of lettuce.
It was hot and aromatic, and I was three bites into it before I got any steak.
Worse than that, it was skirt steak.
As in, some clever marketing genius thought, "Hey, if we use the fajita's in the chimi's we don't have to make machaca, or shred anything and it's really multi-purposing our base ingredients!
"  Bad choice.
The skirt steak was tough and chewy and the only real flavor was the marinade flavor that struck me first as soy sauce - an odd ingredient for "Mexican".
The wife loved her fish tacos.
She said they were flavorful and fresh, and came with a couple of sauces, rice and beans.
I thought the tacos looked plain and industrial-quality.
However, we both agreed that the beans had a good, savory flavor.
The service was adequate, the noise from the happy-hour drunks in the bar was obnoxious and the restaurant never got more than half full.
On a Friday night.
I remember the day when you had to wait 45 minutes for a table on Friday nights.
But that Ajo Al's is gone and the imposter in it's place is hardly the same.

The portions you get at Ajo Als are crazy town!
I ordered a taco and a tamale for lunch and I have never seen a tamale that gigantic before!
Both were super tasty and I would for sure order them again!
The chips and salsa are good.
The service was a wee bit slow, we went on a Sunday afternoon and there weren't many people there.

Went there on a Saturday night and the parking lot was almost empty (should have clued us in).
Very average food -- not the kind anyone would want to pay for or that they couldn't make at home.
The Spanish rice was like Rice-a-Roni out of a box.
The beans/cheese was okay, but who can screw that up?
The steak fajitas tasted funny like the beef was aged, but the waitress said it was a marinade.
I pushed it to the side and ate some of the peppers and onions instead.
The salsa was bad tasting.
One was too hot, the other was weak and had a odd sweet aftertaste -- maybe mix the two together?
Still, it didn't taste fresh made.
I can't imagine any Mexican restaurant in the southwest surviving at all without good salsa.
The chips themselves were okay.
Very, very blah food.
Why bother having a restaurant if you're going to be so average?
Don't bother going.
I could cook better and I'm not even that good of a cook.
The building itself looks like with a little work it could be a pretty place, but it's kinda run down right now.
The "Now Serving Brunch" sign was at the front door, but it was 10:00 p.m.
They are asleep at the wheel over there.

I've driven by this place so many times and never stopped in, but was glad we checked it out yesterday.
The atmosphere is quite nice, the service was ok, but the food was tasty.
I thoroughly enjoyed my mushroom enchiladas...yummy and the lunch portion was just the right size!
Beware...the food comes out piping hot and takes a long time to cool down.
The chips and salsa were really good too.

I have been in the industry for years and I really don't like giving reviews like this.
I really enjoy the food and have been here many times over the years, but the service I received tonight was bad and it was only a to-go order.
I understand the restaurant was very busy for a Thursday night, but I tried calling four times and never got an answer.
When I informed the manager who took my order once I arrived he just shrugged and said 'It's busy'.
The food came out in a timely manner.
When I arrived back to collect my order, there was no hostess/host at the front door for at least three minutes.
Once I was greeted, the service was very impersonal.
I am just disappointed with my experience and I am glad I took the food to-go.
I really enjoy the food here, and I really hope that this review doesn't fall on deaf ears.
Service really needs to improve, even on unusually busy nights.

Great Mexican food, good portions and reasonable prices.
Staff was courteous and served in a timely manner.

I've passed this place several times and finally ate there.
I've been twice now and the food is decent.
The pomegranate margaritas are awesome!
They have a good selection of things and are usually quick with service.
It's not amazing but its been pretty good both times.

This has been our neighborhood go-to restaurant when we want something predicable--great drinks, delicious and filling food, and friendly service.
Ajo Al's has never let us down.
Love the tacos Miranda & the skinny margaritas for something a little on the lighter side.

I am not sure why everyone loves this place so much.
I went here many years ago and I liked it better then.
Chips were good, salsa was tasty but not very spicy.
I asked our server whether the red or green chile was spicier.
He stated the salsa was hotter than either of them.
I am glad he was honest but I was a little disappointed.
I had the spinach enchiladas which were actually quite tasty.
Wait staff was very attentive.
It's not terrible, but I like my mexican food with a little sting to it!

Our favorite Mexican food place here in Phoenix.
It's a New Mexico style place so if you are looking for traditional style this isn't your place.
We always get the Pollo con Queso.
The spiced cream cheese is amazing.
Hot and fresh chips with salsa.
The mild salsa is a bit too sweet for me but I love their hot.
Service is usually excellent.

I have been to the Ajo Al's in Glendale, but have only eaten the Pizza Nortena (AMAZING!
) but went to the one on 16th st and Camelback and was less then pleased with, not only the service we DIDN'T get, but the food was no bueno.
Chips and salsa came immediately.
Water was already on the table in a pitcher melting and sweating away, making for a not-so-pleasant mess to stick one's arm in.
Salsa was blah-no flavor at all.
Chips were good, but, they are chips... After sitting for 20 minutes waiting to order (two other tables sat after us, ordered and were eating already) Ordered the steak fajitas without any sides and no tortiallas.
Fajitas came, with sides (what a waste) that I didnt ask for, and the fajitas were chicken, NOT the steak I had ordered, and to top it all off, they were burnt on the bottom, and continued to burn as they sizzled on the skillet they bring them on.
(smokey burnt smelly mess in my opinion) Definitely won't be going back to this location ever again.
Hopefully my experience isn't valley wide and I will have better luck at the Glendale one, IF I go back.

Awesome as always !

Their portion sizes are enormous.
I was part of a party of six and we ordered their nachos as an appetizer.
Those nachos alone could have served as the meal.
Nice selection of excellent flavored margaritas.
Their chicken enchiladas were tasty, including the red sauce, which was moderately spicy.
Their sopapillas are the highlight of the menu.
Not since living in New Mexico have I had such fresh and fluffy sopapillas.
Pass on the option to have them served with ice cream or sugar.
Have them served plain and then drizzle them with honey.
It's makes for a great dessert.
Another highlight is Ajo Al's Southwestern ambiance, which provides for a nice, relaxed atmosphere.
This is a great place for dinner with family or friends.

Good place.
I like to do "working lunches" here from time to time.
The food is pretty good, the service is usually pretty good too.
One thing we found odd, which is not really advertised is if you want a "skinny margarita" the current prices is $8.50 and if you want a "double" the cost is $14.50.
At that price I am looking at Ztejas instead (which is right up the street).
But overall, I would think most people would enjoy the experience here and it is a place we frequent.

This used to be our go to Mexican place, and we still eat there once every few weeks, but I have to admit its been a little hit or miss the last few years.
The service is still pretty good and I still really enjoy my carnitas tacos a lot!
We've had a couple instances where we got the chicken salad carbon and the chicken just wouldn't be marinated one night.
Or the salsa would just taste a bit off.
But overall, it's a really comfortable place with a pleasant atmosphere to get pretty good food.

My husband introduced me to Ajo Al's and it's become one of my favorite Mexican food restaurants in AZ!
Love their salsa and the menu food is always fantastic.
The service is good and fast.
We had my husband's birthday dinner here and they were great about accommodating our large group.

Great place!
The salsa is so good I eat too much of it every time.
Pollo con Queso was so good too.
Anything that has a pound of cream cheese on it is right by me.

The last time I came here I wasn't too impressed but yesterday I went with a friend for lunch and I really liked it.
The chips and salsa they serve you when you first sit down are average but I liked how they do give you two types of salsa right off the bat.
No need to ask for a spicier one.
I ordered the Poco Polla con Queso off the lunch menu.
It came with rice and beans for $9.00.
It was quite a lot of food for lunch and I ended up taking half of it home with me.
I got the black beans and they were pretty good but a little bland.
So was the rice.
I had to salsa to both of them to give them a little more flavor.
But the Poco Polla was excellent and I would go back again.

Ajo Al's is a pretty solid Mexican restaurant for Phoenix.
All of the traditional favorites that you're used to ordering are well executed.
The staff are friendly and helpful.
The margaritas are tasty.
Check out the tacos morango or the queso dip.

Love this place !

Good was ok. Not as good as it had been.
Lots of mistakes by the server.
Why are there screaming kids in the bar?

One of the better Mexican Restaurants in Phoenix & one of my favorites.
A very good selection here, I like that they have a Chicken Mole dish, which seems hard to find.
Waaaay better than the overrated Manual's & that Tee Pee Mexican place, which are more like on the level of Del Taco....ew!

Food was good, but service wasn't comparable.
The alcoholic drinks took a long time and the margarita was too thick (hadn't melted the entire time we were there), then the Bloody Mary was "eh" & I never got my extra olives.
Seemed like they were under-staffed for the lunch crowd.
No one appeared happy; they were polite, but not much enthusiasm.
Probably won't go back.

I have been coming here for years.
Love the mellow vibe of sitting in the bar, sports is on super low volume and nice place to just hang out and relax with a quiet conversation.
Food is pretty good, won't knock your socks off or anything, but okay.
Lately, I think they have reduced their portion size and raised their prices, although I can't confirm that it just seems that is what they are doing.
Which is fine, not trying to pig out or anything, but then again, most people like a great bargain (and perhaps some leftovers for street tacos in the morning - if you are like me anyway).
I did want to add something.
I think I have talked about this before, but not sure.
Their cheese queso dip is the BEST IN THE VALLEY and you WILL NOT BEAT IT.
Recently, they started servicing sonoran hot dogs (awwww yeaaah, you know that's Attorney Steve's weak spot).
But anyhow, instead of ordering the hot dog their way, order it PLAIN with a bowl of the queso cheese sauce.
Then, when your dog comes, dip it into the cheese sauce with each bite.
If that is not the best thing you have ever had, respond to me on yelp telling me ATTORNEY STEVE YOU ARE A TOTAL MORON!!
I will deal with it if you do.
But yeah, that is DA BOMB sonoran dog.
That being said, I always speak my mind.
The hot dog bun itself is a bit dry.
I really think they should serve those wrapped in aluminum to keep the bun soft and fresh.
Also, ARE YOU KIDDING ME $9.99 FOR THE DOG ARE YTOU OUT OF YOUR MIND?
Anyway, we always go back, but based on their pricing schemes we are not regulars.
Still a great place to drop in, but that's a once every other month deal for me.
Keep in mind, if you have business clients, it is still a good place to take them.
Easy parking, good service, etc.
Have fun, and find your sizzle!
Attorney Steve, the business and real estate lawyer.
http://www.attorneysteve.net

Okay food.
If you go at lunch, prepare to wait a long time for your food.
If you have the time, the chicken fajitas are pretty good (although it's like pulling teeth if you want more than two tortillas for a huge plate of veggies and a couple chunks of meat).

Ok this is how my evening started:My friend Katy and I walked into Aunt Chilada's restaurant At Squaw Peak on 6/28/2014 to have a awesome dinner.
The place had a few parties going on, but as usual it seemed under staffed.
So my friend and I sat down and we were given chips and salsa and a bottle of water.
About 5-10 minutes later a family came in with small children and after about another 5 minutes or so,  all of sudden a waiter comes out and looked me right in the eye and went to the other table and took their order.
Turned around and went back in to the kitchen.
Of course this pissed me off.
We got up and hostess saw me I explained what happen she said it was her fault.
That did not make it OK.
The waiter should have said something to us and didn't.
So we left Aunt Chilada's in discuss and went down the road to Ajo Al's for a awesome meal and great service..
So now we are at Ajo Al's for the first time and I was speechless when I walked out.
The service was outstanding our waitress was Theresa who was very professional & friendly.
And the food was excellent.
As another Yelper  - Steve V was right about the Cheese Queso Dip it was very tasty.
I will be going back to Ajo Al's again soon.

