I spent about 4 months at TOCA for physical therapy on my knee after a lovely little arthroscopy.
For someone who spends lots of time biking, running, rowing, water-poloing, and yoga-ing, I wanted m'knee back and I wanted it back to normal fast.
The staff at TOCA were professional, respectful, and straightforward in the plan for my recovery.
I rotated between a couple different physical therapists and then technicians would help me out with various exercises as I went through the program.
The equipment was solid (not state-of-the-art, but the quality was not lacking either) and each of the physical therapists personalized exercises and routines to my progress and strength.
They didn't just pop me on a routine for every "knee patient" and check the boxes as I completed exercises.
Each exercise was evaluated for efficacy and no, I didn't get away with avoiding the semi-sucky exercises that were necessary.
Overall, the staff was attentive, friendly, and experienced.
I'm now 99.9% recovered and able to bounce around on my knee again thanks to the physical therapists and technicians at TOCA.
...hope I won't need to go back :)

Unless you want arrogant PA's telling you what the plan of action is instead of a Doctor, I would not recommend this place.
Ego's the size of a planet.
Dr. Lederman was great, Dr. Cummings and his assistant were not.
I do not hero worship doctors.

Wow, I don't know why this place got such bad reviews.
I will start off with a negative, is that the Tempe location has almost an extra 30 minutes wait if you come in the afternoon.
I would recommend their Phoenix location which is better managed.
I went to see Dr. Anikar Chhabra, who is the team doctor for ASU, Phoenix Mercury, and has performed various other surgeries for famous athletes in the Valley.
He is very attentive and knowledgeable.
His PA, Kevin Cantwell, always has a smile and is a good understudy to Dr. Chhabra.
Dr.  Chhabra performed a left shoulder subacromonial decompression to relief pain from the back of my shoulder.
I am currently rehabbing from the surgery, and I feel so much better with the pain gone away.
I have not visited other doctors at the clinic, but I highly recommend Dr. Chabbra!

Are you kidding me with this office staff?
The Tempe office wait is NEVER less than 45 minutes.
Why have an appointment if it's an hour or more that you sit in the waiting room.
Today, I left after waiting one hour and 15 minutes.
RIDICULOUS!
Can I bill them for wasting my time?
Dr Carter performed knee surgery.
He's a great doctor, but it's not worth putting up with the office staff to see him.
Also, good luck having them fill out leave paperwork for your job in a complete, correct, and timely manner.
Because of their errors, my paycheck was held up for a month!
AND you get to pay the office $25 each time they fill out paperwork.
I've been to 3 other orthopedic surgeons over the years in the valley and none with as poorly managed office as this.
Do yourself a favor and find a smaller office where you'll be treated like a person rather than a number.

Great experience here.
Have you ever been to the doctor and wonder if he cared or even knew what he was talking about?
Well, both of those issues are not apparent here.
Dr. Carter and his little apprentice took great care of me.
They were very busy, but nonetheless they made me feel like my little knee injury was important and needed their expertise.
I was very impressed that they just took the X-Rays right there on site and reviewed them...right there on site.
Very impressive and effective.
By the way, Dr. Carter is the primary physician of the PHX Suns....so that should tell ya something.
Any joint pain, go see these guys.
Not one complaint here!
I think the address listed here on Yelp is wrong.
It's actually SOUTH of Baseline.

**Disclaimer: I've only been to TOCA once, but had a great experience.
I will update this review later.
**  Have had ongoing right knee pain for the past 6+ years.
As athletes, most of us aren't a bunch of wusses when it comes to pain and tolerance for it.
Walk it off, damnit, walk it off!
Well, one week, there was no walking off anything.
It was getting in the way of my training.
After losing a season this year because of surgery, my Coach and I went into panic mode to figure out what this was.
After an MRI  found some awesome chondromalacia and patella - femoral malignment (Thanks a lot, hammer throw), my PCP referred me to see Dr. Cummings.
Front office staff was very friendly, and I had plenty of time to fill out of my paperwork.
I will say they were running about an hour behind, but it wasn't a problem for me - at least not that day.
Had some X-Rays of both knees done on-site while waiting for the Medical Assistant to download the images off my MRI disc.
Dr. Cummings actually introduced himself to me as Dean when he walked into the room, which I thought was pretty cool!
Confirmed everything found on the MRI, and told me I'm experiencing something called "dyskinetic chain".
Cause?
The joint of my big toe.
INSANE!
Never would have expected that.
No surgery necessary, just need some top-notch physical therapy.
Not once did I feel belittled by him as other reviews and peers of mine warned me.
Not even a little hint of specialist arrogance.
Nope!
I also appreciate the fact that he didn't try to "used car salesman" me to use their on-site PT Clinic.
He sent me to his colleague (Dave Hogarth, DPT in Chandler), who specializes in this specifically.
Which by the way, that guy scares the holy crap out of me with his manual therapy techniques.
* shudder *  Makes the PT I saw for post-surgical rehab this summer seem like a trip to the Massage Therapist (and that guy beat up on my surgical sites pretty bad - Trevor, please don't hate me for this!).
But my range of motion is improving with this program, so can't complain.
Oh, and he's a former decathlete who *gasp* actually understands the hammer throw!
Hopefully the next time I see Dr. Cummings, I'll be discharged.
I HIGHLY recommend TOCA for your orthopedic concerns and specifically Dr. Cummings especially if you're a high level athlete.
Don't mess around; go to the best.

Worst physician experience of my life.
Spent a total of 10 minutes with the spine specialist, and that's only because I had the nurse bring him back into the room to spend more time with me.
Got the bill today...$399 for 10 minutes!
Unbelievable!
I'm in the wrong industry if a specialist can literally not even examine a patient and make hundreds.
Shameful.

Got bad service from the scheduling people, they schedule patients for doctors who can't even help you even though they know why you were visiting.
And this is after they canceled the appointment on me and then rescheduled me for a doctor who couldn't even help me...
Resulted in losing three weeks of treatment.
If you can find another clinic.

What a racket.
This is everything that is wrong with economies of scale.
-You will spend excessive amounts of time on hold.
-You may never actually speak to a doctor.
Good luck even getting to a PA. -Everyone you do get a hold of on the phone will pass the buck and transfer you to another department.
-No one takes any personal responsibility.
It is always someone else's job or it's just the way the system works, etc.
-After "urgently" ordering me to rush in for an MRI and collecting their $$, it was damn near impossible to get service from TOCA.
Working with TOCA has led to nothing but half-baked information and a HUGE hassle.
Too big for their own good.
You will feel like a commodity and not a patient.

