Only car repair place that has ever told me I did not need to have something done that I thought the car needed.
They could have easily done it and charged me for it but they did not.
Honesty goes a long way for me with car repairs!
Great prices, very good service and friendly people.
Also like the email reminders!

On the short: I've been coming here over 10 years.
Honest!!
Best service & prices around.
Period!!!!
Car troubles are never fun but when it happens....at least I know Im not getting scr**wd!

I've been bringing my vehicles to Johnston's for a good 17-18 years.
This is my third vehicle in that time period and I don't trust anyone to work on it but them.
Locally owned and operated, Dwight, Rod and now Mike are good honest guys who will not charge you for nor suggest any unnecessary repairs.
The shop is at 24th St. and Osborn and I live in Chandler but I make the trek because I trust them.
They will even provide me a one way ride to my office in Scottsdale if need be.
I highly recommend these guys.

I've been coming to JOHNSTONS for over 10 years now.
I will never go to another shop.
They are very honest and dependable people.
Like the other review said, I have also been here and they have told me I did not need something to be fixed when I thought I did.
The level of integrity here is mind blowing.
Thank you JOHNSTONS!

My brother referred by to Johnston's Automotive, saying he finally found a mechanic who's HONEST.
It's nice to be able to drop off a vehicle with confidence that you'll get great service at a fair price.
Most recently they were instrumental in getting all my shocks replaced under warranty.
I"ve had them work on my diesel truck as well as my BMW sportscar and would recommend them without reservation.

WOW!
That's all I keep saying since Johnston's fixed my car.
I was told by two other repair shops that I would be facing thousands of dollars to repair the problem and possibly even need a new motor!
A friend of mine referred me to Johnston's and it has truly been a blessing.
I'm taking my husband's car in next to get the once over for summer trips.
We tend to keep our cars for quite some time and I feel like I have found a home to bring them too when needed that I trust emphatically.
I can't thank Johnston's Automotive enough!!!

