So it looks like I'm reviewing jewelry stores today.
I came here with my perpetually broke but quite bejeweled friend a few months ago.
I will say that any jeweler with a sales lady who practically begs me to try on a $140,000 diamond ring and gives me a bottle of water is 5-stars in my book!

Great friendly service here which was quite a surprise at the Biltmore.
I've had negative experiences at other merchants so I had reduced expectations for a jewelry store.
Outstanding selection of brand names for timepieces including Chopard, Breitling, Rolex, and more.
They were very willing to show me several pieces without much prompting.
I can't stand places like Ben Bridge that seem so reluctant to take out a piece for closer viewing.

I recently took my Movado watch in for repair.
I was disappointed to hear it would have to be shipped out, but I was gauranteed it would be fixed within a few weeks.
The man actually doing the repair emailed me with a cost estimate and had me sign off before they began the work.
The watch was repaired, but it took much longer than I was promised (almost 6 weeks).
In addition, after I got it home and inspected it I noticed it appeared as though they had left it in a cleaning solution for to long.
The inside was tarnished and it took several polishing wipes later to get the stains off.
For the price I paid I would have expected a higher quality of care.

In today's economy where most businesses try to provide the least and charge the most, I feel that it is necessary to give credit where credit is due.
Thus, I'd like to give a shout out to Hyde Park Jewelers in Phoenix, and specifically, Quinton V, one of their sales associates.
Quinton made the engagement ring and wedding band purchasing process extremely easy and very low pressure.
He is very well informed and was great at teaching me all about diamonds.
He spent an hour with me the first time I walked in the store and never pressured me into buying anything or spending more than I wanted.
I ended up with the perfect engagement ring.
Fast forward five months and we went back into the store to buy bands.
Again, Quinton was very easy to work with, put us both at ease, and provided us with several options that fit our budget.
We walked out less than an hour later with the perfect band as well.
I appreciate businesses that go the extra mile to make sure that customers are happy with their purchasing decisions and take the time to inform them without pressuring them during the process.
If you are looking for a quality jewelery store without the high pressure sales environment, go to Hyde Park and ask for Quinton.
You won't be disappointed.

Went in to look at a matching wedding band for my Tacori engagement ring.
The man that helped us was nice while we were in the store and was going to reach out to Tacori regarding a few questions we had.
He honestly wasnt overly knowledgeable about the brand, which was fine since he was willing to contact Tacori directly.
We never heard from him so we bought the Tacori wedding ring elsewhere.
I don't know why he didn't call us...I can't imagine him thinking we were not serious given I already have a Tacori engagement ring with a diamond that is well over 2 carats.
Oh well.
Their loss.
On another note, I've had my ring cleaned in their store and the designer specifically says that their rings are NEVER to be placed in Sonicare.
When I mentioned this to the sales person he had no idea.
So much for authorized retailer.

We came in looking for an engagement ring with minimal expectations.
We had just recently started the process of looking and I am typically very indecisive, so I explained from the start that we were only looking.
Eric was great - he was very personable, didn't push anything on us, was respectful of our budget and actually found many ways for us to get more bang for our buck.
We ended up designing our own ring which allowed me to get exactly what I wanted.
Eric was so knowledgable, kept us updated and informed each step of the way, and made the process so fun (even for my fiancé).
I just got the ring and couldn't be happier.
I would definitely return here in the future and I recommend Hyde Park Jewelers (Eric specifically) to any of my friends.

