The hotel's decor tries to look old money, but fails miserably.
Perhaps a new designer should be consulted.
What I saw was a pathetic attempt.
This Ritz, I think, is good for executive business people who want service on point.
No mistakes.
Newspaper in the morning.
Wake up call on time.
Refer to me by my last name when I come in with a business associate later to impress the other guy, etc.
It's all good that way.
Regarding the aforementioned decor, businesspeople are usually too busy to be dawdling around to critique the decor.
Straight and to the point.
With a stick up the _.
That's what's expected, that's what u get.

When we pulled up to the hotel my first thought was this is a Ritz Carlton the building looks like an Embassy Suites.
Usually when you come to a RC hotel you are first impressed by the architecture but not here.
The service is impeccable and the rooms were nice but nothing really stood out for me other than the furniture was overstated for what this property really is or maybe the location...not sure but something seems out of place.

We stayed here over the summer and were looking to spend some time at the pool.
The pool is not much bigger than a kids pool.
The hotel also reminded us of an old haunted house with all the large pictures and empty hallways (summer).
The room was a notch below the Westin bit still nice.
We did have a great view of the Valley, you should ask for a room with a view.
This is much more of a business hotel.
Its close to shopping and movies.

Stayed at the RC during a biz trip this summer in Phoenix.
The only RC I had ever experienced was one in NYC.
When we arrived, I thought the same as Cheri A.
Was this a HoJo?
I notched it up to maybe they were trying to fit in with the Arizona desert barren look.
Everything about the hotel was OK...when it could have been great.
The Ritz Carlton is known for excellence but everything just fell short at this Phoenix location.
Perhaps, the local management needs to visit the more seasoned sister locations in NYC.
Only then, will it be known what it takes to fully represent the brand name of Ritz Carlton.

Put on The Ritz,  - Informal.
to live in elegance and luxury.
That is a good way to describe this hotel.
The place has marbled floors in bathrooms.
Mahogany wood elevators, humidors in the bar, Victorian style holiday decorations that gives you that warm fuzzy feeling walking down the hall.
Little things in your room.
Bulgaria sundries, that piece of crystal that takes a second to recognize as a ring holder, WiFi easily accessed though out hotel.
Location is close to the airport and downtown.
Biltmore Mall across the street.
Morton's Steak House and Starbucks out the front door.
There is also an AMC close, Deemos Sports Bar and Merc Lounge.
Some minuses are the pool, workout room and drink prices don't include tax.
That is more of an annoyance as generally not the norm, but what the heck.
Drinks at Morton's is better.
Put on the Ritz - Taco says it better http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OG3PnQ3tgzY

Based on having stayed across the street at the Embassy Suites on a couple of visits, the Ritz Carlton by far exceeded my expectations and only for $10 more a night!
Okay, so the free nightly booze and early morning breakfast isn't included, but the room was well kept and fairly spacious with all the amenities that you would expect.
Wireless and wired internet is an extra charge.
I heard the Miami Heat was staying at the hotel the same night and so does most of the visiting NBA teams.
It's located in pretty nice part of Phoenix that happens to be across the street from a fairly high end mall and just minutes away from Downtown or Scottsdale.
I know where I'm staying at the next time I come for business.

I was at this hotel a while back.
The interior had no deferred maintainence, but the decor was a bit dated.
The service, however, is nothing less than outstanding.
The bell boys are particularly attentive.
They remember your name, which is a nice touch.
There's a Houston's within a stone throw, so I had dinner there.
There's also a hip lounge within walking distance.
I had brunch at the restaurant inside the hotel, and that was excellent.

The Ritz-Carlton staff are a model of excellence - in fact, they should probably provide training to all other hotel staff.
Surprisingly, the food here is delicious and since I was here for business, I ate plenty of meals here.
Again, the Ritz should provide training to everyone in the world who serves food in a buffet warming tray.
The rooms were pretty crappy though.
My bureau had a door handle which was broken off, the TVs were tiny and not plasma or LCD, and the bathroom had a shower curtain (I hate shower curtains!
)  The most offensive part of the room was that the blanket at the end of the bed had stains all over it!
The pool is alright,  but it is tiny, and the lounge chairs look pretty dated.
This place probably is one of the nicer hotels to stay at in Phoenix, but it does look a little bit 90's.

I stayed here while in Phoenix for work and it was great!
The lobby is beautiful - I really enjoyed the rose scented water they offered, the service was phenomenal and all in all it is a top-notch hotel.
The pool is small, however so I am not sure that it is the best spot for vacationers.
The mall is right across the street, but it closes very early (7 p.m.), there is a huge movie theater right next door though.

Having grown up in Hawaii, I have been around the freshest of the freshest seafood and am very picky when it comes to good sushi.
Having the freshest seafood is what makes great sushi and the Ritz Carlton's Bistro 24 has it.
I have tried other so called sushi places around Phoenix with terrible results.
However, on the bright side, I am thinking that maybe the Ritz isn't the only place that gets dibs on the freshest fish.
I am sure the Phoenician does, as well as all of the other top tier Resorts.
Then it gets trickled down to all of the other establishments in the Valley from highest to lowest...catch my drift?
Just a reminder, if you see a sushi place where there are Asians preparing it, jump on it.
I don't mean to put race into the mix by any means, nor do I think only Asians can create good sushi (the chef at the Ritz was Caucasian), but when it comes to sushi, it is really an art form, and unless it was passed down from generations before you or you went to the Culinary Institute of America....well, you know what I'm saying...

This review is for their high tea service.....
The lobby is beautiful and not a reflection of the outside.
Ritz Carlton takes their tea very seriously.
They have their own personal tea sommelier.
A perfectly groomed man named Jeffrey.
Perfect hair, perfect tan, perfect teeth, perfect suit.
Jeffrey is passionate about tea and about the tea experience, he even has his own tea line.
We are immediately greeted and seated by him.
He explains the daily offerings and provides insight on how the teas are brewed.
He has a way of making you feel welcome.
Unfortunately Grandma is with us so I did not choose the "mar-tea-ni".
A waiter brings our tea over and all kinds of yummy treats.
They are not the traditional sandwiches but modern takes on afternoon tea type food.
Music starts playing, I look over and there is Jeffrey singing with the band.
The band is on an intermission and Jeffrey makes the rounds to see that everyone is comfortable.
Damn he is good!
The dessert portion is served and I am satiated.
I believe the tea costs 35 dollars not including tax and tip.
Well worth it for such a nice afternoon event.
We left feeling full and pampered.

I've been fortunate enough to stay at several Ritz-Carlton hotels around the US... San Francisco, Amelia Island, Atlanta, Buckhead, and Lake Oconee are the ones that stand out.
I've also been to events at many of these locations and more and I've always been blown away by how beautiful these hotels are and how incredible the service has been.
I agree with some of the other reviewers that the Ritz sets a standard for other hotels, and they are known for luxury!
When I recently spent the night at the Ritz-Carlton Phoenix, I was not as blown away... the room was just ok - nothing so special, and I don't have any major complaints but I guess with my past experience and the reputation of the Ritz in general, I expected more.
(Don't hate me, Ritz-Carlton; I'm still a fan, but maybe not so much of the Phoenix location compared to the rest).
I will say that we did get a discounted room rate because I was being honored as one of AZ's Finest and that's where the black-tie gala took place... and it was quite the event as well - we had a blast!
I took advantage of the fitness room for a quick workout after we checked in, and it was one of the nicer hotel fitness rooms I've seen in awhile.
Unfortunately, the pool was closed for renovation during our stay, so my BF could not swim on site, but luckily they shuttled him over to the Biltmore to swim instead.
So, overall, it was a pleasant experience - I just can't bring myself to give 5 stars like I would at any of the other Ritz-Carltons I've been to... but stay tuned for my review of the Ritz-Carlton, Bachelor Gulch (which is where I'll be heading in December for a wedding) - that one looks like it may be the best one I've seen yet!

I love the bar here, of course it was $10 bucks for a cranberry & absolute but the atmosphere is great and I love the decor... the bartender was uber nice & very attentive and that's what I like in a bar!
The valets are great too!
I would love to stay here one day; it looks like it would be fabulous!

My group held a weekend training here because it had the most reasonably priced accommodations in Phoenix.
We had 2+ days of trainings in their conference rooms and 5 meals here.
Hotel service: PERFECT.
Its what the Ritz gets its reputation for and this Ritz does not disappoint.
They open car doors, take out your luggage and bring your luggage to your room without expecting a tip.
In the conference area, the servers clear away your plate or drinks almost immediately once you finish.
If you need a special accommodation - I asked for grated cheese during dinner - someone is close by to happily help you.
The bartender walks the room once you sit down for a meal and asks if you want refills - and she remembers what you ordered!
We ate a couple of meals by the pool, which is separated by a gate with a funky lock system.
Every time I left, someone would notice me leaving and run over to open the pool gate for me.
Attentive service is so wonderful!
Rooms: Not the nicest furniture I've seen - wood looks a little shoddy - but the bed is comfortable.
I love the turn-down service in the evenings, where they remove all the pillows and prepare your bed to sleep in and also bring you two bottles of water.
They also have a full coffee and tea bar with about 4 bags each of coffee and tea and a mini coffee maker that pours the hot water or coffee directly into your paper mug.
Toiletries: All Bulgari.
Awesome.
Food: We had a break between meals that included tea and coffee and a bunch of accoutrements like chocolate chips, whipped cream, cinnamon sticks and flavored syrup.
Coolest coffee bar I've ever seen.
The food here offered healthy options - always salad at meals and turkey bacon for breakfast (they actually had no sausage or pork bacon).
And they had tobasco sauce at breakfast - I didn't have to ask for it - yay.
Food is generally what you get at an american restaurant, nothing too funky aside from the jicama salad, but everything was good.

OK, haven't actually stayed over nite, BUT did u know BIstro 24 (swanky, RITZy bar) has the best happy hr?!
Talk about VIP red carpet treament!
Want to impress someone?!
Drive up to circular entrance drive-way, allow valet to rush to open doors, say you're havig dinner, hand over the keys, and step into another world :-)  Talk about a Great date!
Hand shaken martinis, (try the presidential - see?
even the name envokes special tmnt), the best oysters in AZ, btw.
Pssssst, this was quite a secret spot, until now!

Stayed here with my girlfriend for a weekend back in October of 2008.
Came here for a friend's wedding.
From the very beginning, we could tell that the staff paid attention to every detail.
We were met at the door with a smile, and the staff addressed us by name.
Got our keys at the front desk, and were ushered up to our luxurious room.
It was quite spacious, and very well furnished.
The bed was huge and soft, and extremely comfortable.
All in all, the room was great.
The only downfall was the fact that the room was dark, and there was not adequate lighting.
The wedding was great.
All the food was kick-ass and the banquet room was well-decorated.
Definitely a great place for such an event.
It was an overall wonderful experience.
Oh yeah, it was also pretty cool to see LL Cool J and the Portland Trail Blazers staying there that same weekend.

OK so from the outside and its location it looks like it should be an Embassy Suites or Marriot.
But once you are inside you are transformed/transported?
to a place of wonderful service and relaxation.
I can not comment on the price fairly as we were guests of TNT for the All-star game and didn't have to pay for the hotel room.
The room was nice and all the common spaces were attractive and well kept.
The room service we enjoyed was tasty and delivered quickly though pricey, not surprisingly.
The staff make this hotel a gem and truly a Ritz Carlton.
Every person we came in contact with treated us like we were the many VIP's who were staying at the hotel that same weekend.
It was a marvelous treat, to get away.
If the location was better or there were tennis courts I would have given it 5 stars.

I travel thru-out the country and stay at many hotels but I was not impressed with the Ritz-Carlton Phoenix.
The staff is welcoming and pleasant but the hotel itself is not up to the standards of what a Ritz-Carlton should be.
The rooms are outdated and the gym / pool area are small.
To be honest, I've stayed at Hilton Garden Inn's that were better.
I'll be staying somewhere else the next time I'm in Phoenix.

This place SUCKS.....joke is on you if you stay here.
Only reason we did is because we hosted a customer seminar here the next morning.
However, if you like staying in your great-great-great-great grandmothers old time shack you would enjoy it.
We arrived late (around 9 pm) and the valet guys were pretty good.
I don't know if you can self park the car anywhere close.
Valet asked my name and spoke into his headset, but after I walked the ten feet to the front desk the clerk had no clue who I was or what I was doing there (basically no clue at all).
She couldn't tell me where our event would be (I like to check out the room the night before) or if anything had arrived for us (we shipped some things).
I headed up to the room and it reeked of fresh paint.
I was going to call down, but decided I would stop on my way to the fitness center.
The itself was AWFUL - could have really used a good cleaning and some new wall paper.....it just looked old and beat-up.
Don't ever get suckered into staying in room 827.
Headed down to front desk and asked if the room was just painted, answer was "I don't think so", and instead of asking if they put me in a new room that was it.
Service = Horrible.
The "newly remodeled" fitness center was weak -- very, very small, limited free weights, tread mills/ellipticals, and old weight machines.
It would be a disaster if they had a house full of people who wanted to work out.
Might be a nice spot if you were over 100 years old!
Headed back up to the room and was unimpressed with the shower and bathroom.
I would say it was on par with a Super 8.
Although breakfast was included in our package, I headed down early to our event.
I will say the food for that was great, service was top notch and the coffee cake was so unbelievably good...I also liked the free shoe shine.
No way would I ever stay at this location or any Ritz for that matter.
Total - $231.80 (room was 208 for the Schwab rate - including $18 breakfast)

The service here is impeccable.
Staff bend over backwards to make sure that even the smallest details are perfect and that you are completely content 24/7.
The pub/restaurant inside is great - my favorite burger in Phoenix (although, admittedly I have limited local experience...)  When you're travelling - especially alone and shuffling from airport-hotel-airport-hotel, etc...  it feels really nice to be taken care of the way you are at the Ritz.

I was pleasantly surprised at how attractive the Ritz was after reading some earlier reviews.
But the gracious treatment started as the taxi pulled up to the front door.
A warm greeting was extended to me as my door was opened, my bag was immediately taken out of the trunk and wheeled up to the front desk.
There I was again greeted by a beautiful blonde that was as warm and gracious as she was beautiful.
Rooms start at $299 a night and are a bargain at that price.
The restaurant Food was excellent.
Staff most gracious at every turn, from the doorman, front desk, Lobby Lounge bartender.
A truly classy Ritz property!

I was unfortunate enough to be stranded in Phoenix a couple of years ago during a major downpour.
11pm, all flights grounded, you can imagine the airport was kind of a mess.
Most hotels were all booked up at that point, but I snagged a last minute room at the Ritz (for something like $450/night, so I must have stayed in one of the nicer rooms).
I'm not a huge fan of having to fight my luggage away from hotel staff, but that's a service many people expect.
The staff at the Ritz offer that and more...
I was pretty impressed by the old world styling of the place because it felt classic instead of outdated.
Even though it was late, room service is always open, so I scarfed down a delicious burger and fries (complete with those cute little bottles of ketsup and mustard) then crashed.
My stay was short-lived, but definitely memorable.

Tea conscious... at the Ritz-- Jeffery the Afternoon Tea Maitre d' creates a place that reminds me of the old "Calgon Take Me Away" commercial.
I have attended several times and each time the service is perfect.
Jeffery educates you as much as you would like on the intricacies of Tea.
And, I don't mean milk, sugar, or lemon.
The serenity of the experience allows you to truly connect with the person or people with whom you attend.
This past Sunday we attended the Teddy Bear Tea for a Christmas in July theme.
It was so fun to see little boys and girls who enjoyed tea, a bear walking around, a story from Jeffery and a song.
These teas also occur in December.
The cost is $35 a person and each child gets a nice bear to take home.
You may also add champagne to the tea which is nice with the Arizona heat and yet even more relaxing.
I would give this tea a five star rating except the desserts are not amazing like the tea salties and the scones.
A true treat with a bit of a price tag but lasts a couple of hours.

4.5 Stars  Came down to Phoenix several times for a business trip and stayed at the Ritz each time.
When you drive up, the valet/bellman forewarn the hotel reception of the arriving guest so you are greeted by name when you check in.
Great service, food and amenities!
The morning room service waiter (Joey) was very pleasant and have to commend him on bringing my morning breakfast promptly at 5am each day.
Eyed some purchases in the lobby store but they were closed.
The manager was kind enough to open the store for me after hours.
Minus 1 star for the parking since it's valet only and I stayed here for over a week at a time, so I had to plan my outings carefully or ask my co-worker who stayed in a different hotel which had self-parking to drive.
Plus 1/2 star for the wonderful Bulgari toiletries!

I would not recommend staying at the Ritz.
With all of the great resorts and hotels in the valley, there are better options for the money.
I purchased a two night stay as part of a charity package in the expectation that what I was to receive was something special.
Don't get me wrong, the lobby and the bar are extremely classy and ooze Victorian elegance.
Then we got to our room...  First red flag that this wasn't going to be a Ritz experience, and a sign that you are generally getting shafted is when they stick you in the room that is right next to the elevators (723 to be exact).
Aside from marble in the bathroom, you couldn't tell you were at a luxury hotel.
That said, the bed was very comfortable.
Red flag number two were the little cards around the room that asked us to participate in their environmental program and expect the room to be turned over once every other day and to reuse towels/etc.
So, no fresh towels the following day.
I thought this wasn't a big deal as they had a locker room off of the fitness center.
However, to call this a "center" is laughable.
I'd call it a fitness boutique.
Two showers, two sinks, a sauna and by far the cheapest complimentary products to use.
$1 White Rain on a marble counter top isn't classy.
No spa, no salon (I was told I could leave the property and go across the street if I were looking these types of services).
Not very helpful if you are traveling and need to get ready for a wedding or other formal event.
The over-the-top moment occurred when I reviewed my bill to find that they were going to charge $27 per night for overnight parking.
When I asked how in the world they could charge such a fee I was told it was because we were in a highly congested area in Phoenix.
Give me a break!
It once again smelled of cheap.
Overall, I thought the Ritz is largely capitalizing on its name and short-changing its guests where ever it could.
With all of the other luxury options in the city, don't bother staying here.

My review is actually of the Afternoon Tea and not the hotel in general.
Let me just say I am really a little speechless because the afternoon tea experience was amazing!
Jeffery, the tea extraordinare was amazing to us the entire time and we left with one of the best experiences.
So if you are looking for a place to spend a couple hours and want to try something new, try afternoon tea at the Ritz, it is amazing!

Came here for afternoon tea with friends.
If you are going to splurge on the tea, you might as well pay the extra 15 dollars for unlimited sparking wine.
Geoffrey the tea sommelier will refill it as much as he refills the tea.
My favorite tea by far was his blend of coconut jasmine.
Absolutely heavenly.
I was worried that it wouldn't be enough food, but by the time the dessert course rolls around, you will be plenty full.
The scones are the best, they are served with clotted cream, raspberry jam and lemon curd.
Simply decadent and heavenly.
The piano player adds a nice touch.
A nice change of pace from the original field trip.
You are paying a bit (there is an extra "tea service" charge on top of gratuity and tax, but well worth it.

Besides the typically charming service, underwhelming, for a Ritz.
The pool & related nonservices are inexcusable, for a Ritz.

Came here for 3 days straight  for The 22nd Annual Compete Through Service Symposium.
The Ritz Carlton staff is awesome!
The place was clean, VERY nice, but not as upscale as I thought it would be (compared to the other Ritz).
They do have a recovery service plan in process.
One of the microphones was going in and out, right away the got a new one.
POOF, DONE!

I second that the  Afternoon Tea  was amazing.
Went with friends and had a blast, just a great experence.

I stayed here for a brief business trip recently.
OMG.
I didn't realize it was Xmas until I came here.
The decor is amazing (wish I took a photo) and the hotel itself was nice and cozy.
More importantly, the staff was fantastic.
I look forward to working with these folks in the future:)

Stayed here for a three night get away.
We were on club level which made the hotel.
I wouldn't stay unless it was on club level.
They offered different food presentations in the morning, noon and night.
Including all alcoholic and non alcoholic beverages.
We walked over to the upscale movie theater which included food and alcohol service on lounge seats, then we wandered on over to Mercbar or something like that.
Highly recommended, had a fab little get away.
The service at the Ritz is always impeccable.
There is also a mall across the street nothing special but close by.

Only stayed here for one night, but I wish it was for more.
The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, always trying to anticipate your needs.
The rooms are nicely appointed, but as compared with other Ritz's this one is on the lower end.
The common areas were the best.
Very luxurious and the lobby and lounge area were very relaxing to be in.
There is a pool, but no hot tub.
We were able to use the fire pit area which is very nice and comfortable.
We did not use the fitness center but it looked nice and the business center was state of the art with both MACs and PCs.
We only had one issue while we were there, and thus the reason for the minus one star.
Our keys were deactivated by the computer at the front desk in the middle of our stay.
We know that it was not because we kept them near our phones because they all went out at the same time.
A trip to the front and it was resolved.
This location is convenient for business purposes in the area.
$29 overnight parking is tough, but there is a neighborhood nearby you can park at after 5pm if you want to risk it.

Friendly service and nice rooms.
It's also pretty convenient that they have a contract with a car service which basically costs about as a cab - but you don't have to waste time trying to track a cab down.
Rooms are nice and clean and at the end of the day, can to really ask for much more?

I love this chain.
The staff is impeccably trained.
They make you feel like you're a long lost relative.
They even had thin cotton blankets on the bed instead of those oppressively hot duvets.
Nice business center, breakfast in the restaurant was nice, valet service was quick.
So why not five stars?
RC ran afoul of two of my criteria for five star hotel rooms:  1.
The bathroom was beautifully designed, but can't the designers put more lights over the sink so it's easier to shave?
Why don't they figure half the guests in their hotel shave in the morning?
The chair at the desk was a fugitive from a dinner table, not a desk chair.
It was too low and did not adjust.
I had to sit on a pillow while I worked at the desk.
You'd think the name "desk" would alert hotel interior designers to the need for a "desk" chair.

Very tired and in need of a makeover.
The pool area is awful - not comfortable or lush at all.
Very corporate.
Of all the wonderful resorts around Phoenix/Scottsdale, I'm surprised the Ritz would hold onto this property and it's "any city USA" vibe.
Turn it into a Marriott and call it a day until you open a resort.

I thoroughly enjoyed my stay.
The rooms were clean and comfortable with a view of the mountains.
The staff was exceedingly friendly.
I especially appreciate how one woman at the front desk helped me plan my daily 5 mile run in an unfamiliar city.
I also think the hotel did an excellent job accommodating my business meeting.

Five star service at every turn.
I'd like to paste in a sixth star for this one but Yelp!
won't let me.
I spent three nights here and from the moment of arrival I was astounded at the high level of customer service.
Everything from the little things to the big ones are taken care of and they go above and beyond.
I pulled up in my rental car, handed it over to the valet, and he asked my name.
I gave it along with the keys and walked inside to check in.
Before I even reached the check-in counter I was greeted by name and welcomed (way to go, Mr Valet, radioing ahead like that.
Pretty slick.
I didn't even see your radio.).
Free lemon water and snacks await in the very nicely-apportioned lobby.
I didn't try any but they looked nice sitting there like an oasis in the middle of the desert.
Rooms were also well furnished and roomy with great views of the surrounding areas.
There is also an in-room safe which I always need for my valuables.
Not.
I don't even have any valuables that aren't actual living creatures.
Like a few humans and a dog...but I digress...  About the service...okay so keep in mind I'm basically a blue collar guy living a white collar life.
It can be pretty confusing for me at times.
And I suffer an identity crisis in places like this.
Like, for example, when I see staff running for the front door to open it for me each and every time, I want to beat them to it.
I want to say "Chill out, young man.
I open my own doors.
"   But they are quite determined and it became a bit of a competition between me and the doormen to see who could get there first.
By about the middle of my stay, I learned how to time it right so that when they were distracted I'd sneak up and open it myself.
I often managed to beat them to the outer door, but then they'd slip inside and open the inner door for me.
Rats.
Foiled again.
Every time I walked out of the hotel they asked what they could do for me.
Need a ride?
Directions?
Coming out for a smoke?
We'd be happy to light it for you.
Interested in a cigar?
Can I have a drink brought out for you?
No.
I just want to experience the dry heat.
Leave me be!
But it's all good.
If you want, you could just act like you're accustomed to such royal treatment and say something like "Very well done, Andrew.
A little faster with that door next time would be simply fabulous.
"  But I couldn't do that with a straight face.
Let's see...local area is very nice.
The Biltmore Shopping Center is right across the street.
You're there in about five minutes (walking).
It contains a high end outdoor shopping center with many restaurant choices, including some chains you'll recognize and a few local options.
An earlier reviewer mentioned the desk chair in the room looks like a fugitive from a dining room, not really an office chair.
I thought this was funny when I saw the chair in my room because he was right.
I've included a photo of the "fugitive chair" just for laughs.
But for a fugitive, it is a comfortable chair.
It's okay, Ritz.
We'll let this one slide.
At the end of your stay, they call you in the room to ask how your visit was and if they could improve anything.
At first I thought it was a recording but then the person said my name and waited for my response.
So I'm really glad I didn't make a sarcastic comment while she was talking at first (like I usually do).
But wow...how much time must that take to call each room?
Pretty impressive.

Great hotel and in the perfect location in the Esplanade and across the street from the Biltmore Fashion Park.
The staff at this hotel are so incredibly friendly and always anticipating guest needs before being asked.
The hotel is beautiful with marble floors and incredible chandeliers.
It has a very home-y feel and I just enjoy being here.

Lobby is very nice.
Service was nice but weird I wanted to book under either my AAA or government rate but the front desk said I had to call the main ritz number to do that.
I literally went to my car and did that.
All the people at the hotel were very nice but don't know why it is like that.
Bar and common areas are nice.
Other guests are old uptight douches.
Drinks overpriced.
Rooms are not nice.
Old...just didn't feel like a ritz.
Just came from nice rooms in Vegas so maybe jaded but really they should refurbish.

The amazingly beautiful lobby and the attentive service are the best parts of the hotel.
The rooms are just meh.
First a note about the staff.
I was waiting in line for 5 or so minutes to check in because there was a problem with one of the guys checking in before me.
Not too big a deal, but you could see the other staff getting visibly upset.
They eventually called in a manager to expedite the line.
Very nice.
When I did speak to the front desk person, she acted as if I were the most important guest she had.
No rush, but she still very professionally got me all squared away within a minute or so.
The room is your standard "nice but not luxe" hotel room.
The linens and towels were nice, yes, but not a-mah-zing.
What did stand out were the two trays of complimentary food that each of us (I was traveling with three other people) were provided.
I got 4-5 cookies (the macaroons WERE a-mah-zing) and the other tray was homemade potato chips and guacamole.
The chips were ok, but the guac was really good.
Yum!
Would I come back?
Maybe.
See my later review for Hotel Highland and you'll see that I would prefer the Ritz to that place any day.

I was not impressed.
For a business traveler, there are better choices nearby.
When I drove up, the valet told me there was no self park, but I could see it less than 100 yards away from my room.
I used it during my stay, and it was convenient and much less expensive.
The entry of the hotel was constantly blocked by party goers, and I couldn't find any alternate entrance/exit.
My bill was wrong at checkout.
They adjusted it, but then mysteriously placed an additional unauthorized charge of $13.94 on my credit card.
Seriously wishing I opted for Embassy Suites across the road...

Still waiting for the day that I only give some Ritz-Carlton location a 4 Star review.
After this visit to the Phoenix version, I continue to wait.
Check in was smooth, the room was immaculate, drinks before dinner at the bar were served by a friendly bartender who was clearly proud of the bar menu and quick with recommendations even though I wound up not eating there.
About the room...
I love walking in an R-C room and just soaking up the little things.
The towels hung perfectly even in the bathroom, the water bottles lined up so nicely, no art on the wall with the slightest tilt.
It's moments like these where I admit to the small inner perfectionist that lives within me even though it's normally overshadowed by the stronger, ok with chaos side.
The Phoenix room was perfect in all regards.
It's a nice location too with plenty of good dining options within walking distance.
Should I have a trip to Phoenix in my future this Ritz will be high on the list for a place to stay.

Great service, comfortable and clean rooms, and an excellent location.
The property is a little dated, but well-maintained and still beautiful.
The staff is excellent, very attentive and helpful.
I love that they have multiple times for housekeeping service, makes planning a day much easier.
Outdoor heated pool is open 24 hours, which is awesome.
Very happy with our stay, we will seriously consider them again when we visit Phoenix next.

Don't get me wrong, The hotel was beautiful and the staff was amazing.I've never slept in a more comfortable bed.
I just wasn't a fan of the pool,  (too small) and with the amount someone pays a night, i'd think they'd include free Wifi.

I had the distinct pleasure of having a group meeting at the Ritz Carlton Hotel in Phoenix, AZ.
I must say that from the moment I began the sales cycle through to check out, the service was impeccable.
Consistency in the Ritz Carlton Brand was noticed throughout my stay.
The meeting hosts were attentive.
I had billing requirements outside the normal for this group and the hotel found a way to pull it off.
The entire team made my meeting a success.
There is room for updating the hotel.
The beds outside of the club level could use upgrading and the rooms are a bit outdated.
I would love to see them keep the charm with a hint of modernization and better beds.
The club level beds were amazing.
The club level service was impeccable.
I was there last December for an overnight stay.
The staff not only remembered me, but remembered my name.
Great job, Ritz Carlton!

This hotel embodies the meaning of customer service, especially Jeffrey who runs the high tea service.
I recently visited the Ritz Carlton for a high tea lunch.
When my Mom and I arrived, we realized that we were the only two guests who had made a reservation for high tea and we started to think twice about having high tea.
While we were in the midst of contemplating our decision, Jeffrey walked up to us with a smile on his face.
He was so friendly and welcoming and encouraged us to do high tea.
He was so welcoming that we immediately made up our mind and started our very own private high tea experience!
Although we were the only two guests doing high tea, they still "put on the Ritz" for us by bringing in Jeffrey to serve us and a pianist to play the baby grand piano during our tea.
We felt like royalty!
Jeffrey isn't a server.
He is in charge of the high tea and incredibly experienced.
He is a tea sommelier and in fact, makes the teas they serve himself!
After seating us, Jeffrey went over the tea menu with us.
Knowing that we were in the presence of an expert, we asked Jeffrey to take the lead and pick the three teas for our adventure.
Our first course included a variety of tea sandwiches along with our first tea which was a peach tea.
We leisurely enjoyed our tea and sandwiches and enjoyed the beautiful piano music.
Because we were the only high tea guests, we had the undivided attention of Jeffrey which was a treat in itself.
The second course consisted of delicious scones and three different jams presented in chocolate contains that we could eat!
It was truly delectable.
The tea to accompany that course was an herbal raspberry tea.
Our final course was a three tier tray of small deserts, some of which were infused with the house-made teas!
We enjoyed chocolate chai tea with this course.
Every bite was delicious and the entire experience was girly, classy and royal.
There's a reason the Ritz Carlton coined the phrase "putting on the Ritz.
" Even though we were the only two guests who reserved high tea, they still pulled out all the stops and treated us like royalty.
Jeffrey knows the secret to customer service and because he walked over and made us feel welcome, we stayed and ultimately had an experience that I will always remember.
**** Note: they do several events throughout the year to go with high tea, including ladies social events, hat events, etc.
Keep an eye on their calendar so you too can "put on the Ritz!

There is a gal who plays piano there for events with the name Nicole Pesce that is absolutely fantastic and worth your time.
I saw her play and was just blown away--talk about A+ entertainment for the price of a drink and maybe some snack to eat.
If you have nothing to do some day call the Ritz and find out when the entertainment is there and goooooo.
You won't regret it!
By the way, she has played for years and for a great number of stars and events, so she is no beginner by any means.
Also, valet your car because parking is really hard to do there.

Just came here today for a corporate event.
What a neat experience!
This was my first time and what a phenomenal place for my first High Tea experience.
The tea sommelier was very experienced and our "server" (not sure that's what they are called during High Tea) was charming!
Great for Mother's Day or momma-type event.
What a treat!

You, sir, are not a Ritz-Carlton.
When I first walked in, it impressed.
It had tasteful, old school decor and helpful people at every turn.
The problems started when one of the people in our party had his card declined at check-in (not for the room cost because those were already covered, but for the incidentals).
I am told that this decline was not his fault and I would certainly believe him as this is not the type of man who runs up his credit cards.
Either way, the hotel staff should have asked another one of us for our cards, but for some reason they just stubbornly kept trying to run the same card for 5 minutes.
This was while the rest of us waited, twiddling our thumbs.
Oh, yes and we were already running late so this was very annoying.
Finally, a manager came over and said that they would figure it out later.
Well, within 10 minutes when we were finally in our room, here comes a call on the room phone telling us to come down as soon as possible and put a card on file.
Ummm, okay.
And why couldn't they just ask when we were just down there????
The room did not impress and was in fact so terribly run down that even the marble in the bathroom had rusted in spots and the pipes under the sink were corroded and leaking.
Really, supposed "Ritz-Carlton"?
But here it is, people.
Probably the most rude thing that I have ever experienced from a hotel W down to La Quinta: I went to the front desk to ask for a razor and shaving cream.
The woman at the desk very helpfully and condescendingly directed me to the tiny gift shop closet where she said they sell it.
So, here I was expecting to pay $12 for some crappy bic and a tiny bottle of foam.
But no, I guess they were out of them because none was to be found.
When I came out of the shop-closet she asked if I found it.
I said no, there wasn't any in there.
She replied oh, well I will see if room service can bring one to your room.
Now, that's odd.
When I went to my room, housekeeping was just outside the door.
I asked if they might have a shaving kit and the maid rolled her eyes, dug around in her cart and handed me a "ritz carlton" official box with a razor and tube of cream inside.
For...real... What terrible, money-grubbing, uncouth service!
So, yeah.
Perhaps consider staying here if you like to be treated like trailer trash who is not nearly good enough for their moldy, falling apart hotel.
But, then again I think there is a W nearby.
Paris prices for Arkansas accommodations.

Beautiful hotel but not my favorite place.
Have never stayed here but I have come here numerous times for tea.
Always good but not outstanding.
I would check around to some of the other resorts and compare before picking the ritz

Customer service, Customer service, Customer service!
WOW!!
I called at 11am to find out how early I could check-in, expecting 3 or 4pm, and the warm and cheerful voice on the other end replied, "Your room is ready for you now, Sir, if you'd like.
" Incredible!
High tea was completely booked that day and for several days after, but after learning it was our anniversary, Jeffrey agreed to squeeze us in that afternoon!
And the tea, and the service, was warm, inviting, and in a word, delectable.
This morning I called down to find out how quickly I needed to be out of my room for check out.
"12-noon is check-out, Sir, but if you like we can make it 1pm...or, if it works better for you, would 2pm be good?
" Quality abounds from the crown molding above, all the way down to the marble baseboards...but what's most impressive is the service.
You really can't put a price on this level of service.
We feel amazing because of how they treated us during our stay and I do believe I'll be recommending the Ritz-Carlton for the rest of my life!

Like coming home.
The rooms are not the most grand.
But, it's a wonderful place especially at Christmas.

Impeccable service.
Early check in....no problem.
Concierge was incredibly helpful with dinner recommendations, boarding passes for our flight, and arranging transportation.
We checked out early this morning and the wait for a taxi was 10 minutes.
Instead of having us wait they arranged a ride with their courtesy car gratis.
Everything you would expect with the Ritz Carlton Brand.
Will definitely be back.

Under the category of "First World Problems"  A. I am lucky enough to be staying at the Ritz, so take this with a grain of salt.
But I have stayed at Ritz's in Atlanta, San Francisco and several in Florida.
This is definitely the least impressive.
I have not experienced the over-the-top customer service I usually get.
And the amenities don't seem all that well attended to.
C. It really doesn't live up to the Ritz franchise.
D. Did I mention I am lucky enough to be a The Ritz?
So hard to complain.

Overall great experience and would stay there again!
My wife is a huge fan of Ritz - Carlton and despite my cheapo tendencies she's managed to get me to a significant number of properties over the years.
She'd give it a "4.5" stars if it were possible.
Keeping this place from five stars was a lack of turndown service.
This is one of her favorite perks and is part of the "experience" of staying at Ritz Carlton, yet this property doesn't offer it.
The pool is smallish but not uncommon for a downtown location.
Bar is a great place for a drink or two and some snacks.
Pretty cool that front desk staff greeted us by name (even pronounced correctly) after dropping off the car.
Overall...signature great hospitality throughout our stay.
We liked the location across from the Mall.
There is a tunnel that allows you to cross under the street so you don't have to play in traffic.
Lots of good restaurant choices at the Mall.
Dear Ritz Carlton...for the love of humanity please stop charging for Wifi.
Raise your room rate a little if you need to, but charging for what grocery stores & coffee shops give away for free cheapens your brand.

The service at the Hotel is EXCELLENT!
I am always so impressed with the Easter buffet.
It was outstanding with all the attention to detail.
It is a family event and great food, beverages and service.
Service is amazing all the way until you pick up your car at the valet.

Overall, it was great!
My mother and I went there for Mother's Day high tea.
The winter blend tea was hands down the best tea I have ever had!
The food was so so.
The tea expert was there.
He was very pleasant but didn't seem too interested in us because his friends were present.

Serious Trust Issues.
Otherwise pleasant (but trust is required in all hotels).
I stay here a few times a year whenever business takes me to Phoenix.
It has been a great hotel, but there is one MAJOR issue i have with this hotel.
Unauthorized charges - specifically, room service adding additional tip onto the bill.
In all hotels, I personally do not add more tip onto room service bills unless service is super exceptional, since there's an automatic 22%+ gratuity charge.
After I checked out, I noticed that one of the nights, the charges were higher than I had on receipt.
I called to check in, and the front desk said that I had written in $6 ADDITIONAL tip for the room service.
I know for a fact that i did not - and it seems as if the server herself added it on herself.
There's something VERY wrong with this.
I'm not mad over $6, but I am furious that someone tried to get away with stealing money in increments.
I always heard about people trying to get away with this but I've never had this happen to me until my trip here.
I cannot believe that out of all places, this happens at the Ritz-Carlton.
A hotel is based on trust.
People have access to your rooms.
When you have staff that cannot be trusted, there are some serious issues going on at this hotel.
Front desk took care of this - but no word from mgmt or even acknowledgement that this happened.

Chilled out at the bar and felt like a real grown up here!
Bekki the bartender was AWESOME!!

There's a $30 per day parking fee (which I didn't pay for).
Apparently, there are no other parking options.
As for the hotel, it is very nice.
The room was nicely appointed.
The bed was very comfortable.
The staff ensured I needed nothing; always at my service offering to assist with just about everything.
The location of the hotel is great.
Directly across the street from a major mall with fine department stores.
I was visiting family so I didn't eat at the hotel, but did enjoy drinks at Bistro 24, and the bar.
The business center has everything you need for getting things done, including daily newspapers such as the WSJ and USA Today.
On Saturday there's live entertainment with a pianist and singer who were excellent.
One other thing.
The hotel charges $10 per day for wifi which I'm sure no one pays for.
No smart person anyway.
The benefit doesn't outweigh the cost when you can go to the business center or common areas and get internet access for free.
I will definitely return the next time I visit Phoenix.
I got an UNBELIEVABLE rate which only 1% of the country can get.

I've been staying here for 15 years and the finishers are tired.
Time to do a full rooms renovation.

