I was reading Jessica's review here.
The staff may prefer to speak Spanish, but they are Vietnamese!
In any event, I brought in some work & what I got here was a fast 2-day turnaround time & top quality tailoring for 20-33% less money than I was paying at Brothers for the same thing.
Woohoo!
¡Tan bueno como se pone!
"  (Tot nhu nó duoc!
)    :-))

Okay, so I was looking for a place that wasn't super expensive, but still provided quality work.
I did research on not only yelp, but asked friends for recommendations, and I made phone calls to places.
Pretty much, most places are the same and very similar in price.
So it's more about the person your working with and they type of service you wish you receive.
And location of course.
I just needed my damn pants tailored and I didn't want to spend too much money.
Creations & Alterations did an excellent job tailoring 4 pairs of slacks ($36).
I will definitely go back.
Don't judge a book by it's cover.
It's not the prettiest place and parking sucks.
The decor, displays and signs are all horrible,  but... the woman comes through the curtain and greets you with her eyebrows.
She only spoke spanish (although she did say "cash only").
I showed her my slacks and she pointed to the dressing room.
I got the hint.
I tried them on and when I came out the door and she was ready with all her pins.
She pinned my slacks, and I went back in to try on the rest and she pinned them up.
By the time I was done trying on all 4 slacks and came out some other customers were there picking up what looked like a bridesmaids dress.
The customer appeared to be very pleased and they left.
The woman pulled out a calendar and pointed to Tuesday.
Again..i got the hint.
Thats the day my items would be ready.
Cool.
(It was Thursday around 5pm) I was in no rush.
She pulls out a sales slip  writes my order which was 2 hems, and 2 cuffs.
The hems were $8 each and the cuffs were $10.
She had me write my name and number.
Then I left.
Tuesday comes around and show up to pick up my slacks.
They weren't ready.
With the language barrier and all, I was able to tell that the woman was truly sorry.
You could see it in her eyes.
I wasn't in a rush or anything so it wasn't a big deal.
Wednesday I show up..my pants are ready.
Woohoo.
She pulls them out and points to the dressing room.
I go in and try them on..and gosh gee golly wow..my freakin slacks fit me like they should.
End of Story.
Good Price.
Quality Work.
Customers Service was good.
The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because they weren't done on time.
But I will go back to this place for future work.

Excellent job and quick turn around- prices perfect!
Cash only.
Price is great!

This place is great!
I had a pair of pants that needed to be taken up and they were quick to help.
I needed them in a pinch and they got them done, and done well.
Everyone here is extremely friendly, and makes you feel like family.
They even sewed on a new button for my shirt while I was dropping my pants off.
If you need any alterations (or Creations for that matter), this is the place to go!
They are cash only, but there's a Chase across the street if you need it.

I went to Creations and Alterations because of high Yelp reviews, and they didn't let me down!
Friendly service.
They sewed on a botton in just a few minutes and I was out of there.
$3.
I'll be back for their friendly and quick service.

Last week I went on yelp to find a good alterations place to fix two pairs of pants and a shirt of mine.
Creations & Alterations had some good reviews and it was down the street from my apartment.
I dropped off my clothes thinking it wouldn't take more than 2-3 days.
I dropped it off on a Tuesday and they told me it'd be ready the NEXT week Thursday!!
At the time I didn't care and just wanted it done.
I came in the next week Friday morning before I drove out to California, intending to wear my newly fixed jeans, and they said it wasn't ready.
They hadn't even started on it.
They asked if I could spare an hour for them to fix it, which just added insult to injury being informed that they sat on my clothes for a week and a half when everything could have been taken care of in an hour.
I asked for my clothes back and will NEVER come back again.
0 stars.

I try to stay fair and reasonably positive on my reviews of restaurants because its hard for me to be that critical of all the great restaurants I've been to.
However, when I go to get my clothes tailored and my shirt I had comes back looking like it belongs on a 12 year old boy, I just can't let that go.
I'll be fair and say that the other shirt I had done came out fine.
But either way, I'm gonna look around next time.

I am disappointed in this place.
I walked in one day to query about the price to just hem a wedding dress and was quoted $15.
I was super excited since my budget for the wedding is almost nothing.
So I got there and was ignored for the first 3 mins then the woman told me to go put on the dress.
I did so and she had me stand on the rises, told me how she would bustle it and put one in in the hem and one at the bustle point and said "that's it, you're done.
" Really?
That's it.
She didn't let me give her  my input, she didn't pin it all the way around to ensure it was even, nothing.
She didn't even listen when i told her I wanted some of the lace at the bottom removed.
She also didn't look at the bodice to see if it fit well, it does but I think it could fit a bit better.
Being stressed and in a rush I bagged up the dress and gave it to the clerk who told me I could pick it up on Oct 8th (4 days before my wedding!
) and it was only Sept 16?
I was told on the phone the turn around time was 7 days.
I was a bit distressed by this but left it with them anyway.
I left the store and realized they hadn't quoted me a price so I went back in.
They wanted $150.
I told them I was quoted $15 and I only paid $100 for the dress to begin with.
They didn't say anything.
I left and left the dress with them.
I got home and pondered their poor treatment and apparent disregard for my desires for my gown so I called them and canceled the alteration.
They hadn't done anything with it yet (THANK GOD).
I picked it up the next day and will be either doing it myself or going elsewhere.
For something as special as your wedding you need a tailor that puts YOU and your wishes first and doesn't rush you  in and out.
GO ELSEWHERE!

Pros: Easy to find, reasonable prices, close to my home, always has available parking  Cons: I used to come here because it was the closest to my home.
I just had to stop.
They messed up my clothes 30% of the time, but I still kept coming.
However, they absolutely destroyed a pair of pants I brought in one time.
When I tried to bring it to their attention, they argued that it was the way I washed the pants.
I had not even worn the pants or washed them.

