I have been dry cleaning my stuff at Thomas Cleaner's since I moved to Phoenix in 1997 and cannot imagine to get it done elsewhere.
Not only is their service everything you expect from your dry cleaner, but your business is truly appreciated there.
If you are interested in Greek Mythology and Greek History, just swing by, drop of your clothes and George will give you "Everything Greek 101".

Simply put, these guys really bailed me out, and at an amazing price.
I showed up at 2:00 p.m. on a Saturday needing 4 pieces of an outfit pressed and the pants hemmed before they closed.
They delivered... only an hour later... and for only $10.
Nothing else I could say could communicate more than that.

Absolutely unbelievable dry cleaners!
This business understands customer service and exemplifies it with every interaction.
Lee is phenominal.
Pretty sure this is the type of business that like a dentist, when you move elsewhere you just have to go back... you know what I mean.
I'll be 45, unemployed, living in Philly and still flying to PHX to have these guys clean my clothes.

Nice Service oriented business.
DH had a little accident with one of his suits.
They were able to get the spot out and back to us after 3pm the following day.
Area was convenient, though it looks like it could turn rough after dark.

really really great!!!
yep that sums it up!!!
they remember who you are, the prices are reasonable and the quality of the work is very very good - they do alterations too!
I had a love affair with bell cleaners for quite a long time and while they are great also, their prices just got to be too much!!
so without sacrificing quality, i found thomas cleaners.
yes they are not as pretentious as bell cleaners, no fancy coffee machine, fake flowers in the waiting room, but when I get my perfectly pressed, perfectly cleaned clothes home and I still have $ in my pocket, none of that matters!

I used many cleaners and this is the best out o.f the best.
Friendly fast and you're going to be surprised how nice it is steamed

Excellent!
Affordable and very friendly.
I brought in a two piece suit, I needed to have the coat brought in, and the pants tapered as well.
I brought them in a Tuesday evening, I needed the suit for the next night for my wife and I's anniversary dinner.
I knew it would be along shot, but I asked if it could be done.
They did!
I'am so grateful for that, and will never forget...

This is a great family owned business!
They are always so nice & helpful.
The owner always makes conversation & make you feel like a person letting you know your business is appreciated.
The lot with goodwill & big lots is super sketchy but don't let that shy you away from this dry cleaner.
They also do alternations which makes it nice to take everything to one place.
Their prices are good no need to go to a z cleaners or a prestige.
In fact the short time I was taking my clothes to Zs in north scottsdale was sooooo expensive it literally would have been more than worth the time and gas to drive down to Arcadia & drop them here.

LOVE this place!
Family owned--very friendly people.
+Pretty cheap ($7 for a dress).
+Fast!
They'll work with you to get your clothes whenever you need them.
+Dependable.... never any problems with clothes being ruined, not perfectly cleaned, etc.

Nice people, but when you take in 3 pairs of $150 jeans to have them shortened and they say yes we can keep the original hem apparently they think that means to cut off the original hem and stitch the alteration as close to they originally looked as possible.
Everywhere else in the world that's called matching the stitch (which is usually cheaper) but not keeping the hem.
Two totally different things and matching stitching isn't worth $10 per alteration.
One last thing, they didn't even match the thread color and width well.
Original is a faded yellow and they used a shiny bright yellow.
Looks totally sloppy.
They refused a refund and said they would fix it at the same price with the actual hem...
If we went through a box of a ton of alterations scraps and matched it.
Total scam artists.
Too bad cash was paid or they would be getting a challenge from my credit card.
I found them by yelp and hopefully other people consider this review before giving these dishonest business people any money.

My Denim alterations were satisfactory, it was done in one day, the place is conveniently located in my area, I'm satisfied.
I'll  be back, if my experience is the same they will get that 5th star for consistency

I moved here and by luck found them and have been very satisfied and pleased with their services.
I use the dry cleaners at least once a week and they are terrific.
It is wonderful to see a family run business that offers great customer service and are very friendly!

Took in one pair of pants to have a small hole in the groin area fixed.
They took an extra two days then stated, was way over priced, and the pants look awful.
Actually had to take them some where else in order to get them to being wearable again, will never go back.

