Gotta love Food City's.
The fruit and produce section is amazing and so cheap it's "almost free".
Any time I need a lot of veggies for a recipe or cooking some big meal this is the place to come.
Fresh tortillas and Mexican pastries made on site all very good.
Every weekend they have fresh roasted chilies for sale, yum.
I'm not into their meat selection, don't know why just doesn't appeal to me.
They have all the basics but you won't find much in the way of the "low fat" or "fat free" items here.
The ranchera music is WAY to loud, even for me, and I get a few odd looks like "hey what is this gringo doing in our store" but it's totally worth checking out.

Great flour tortillas and flank steak.Lots of Hispanic foods.

Why is it most Food City's seem to be hanging on by a thread?
This location is certainly no exception.
The employees definitely get an A for effort though.
But overall this is just like any other Food City.
The typical regular homeless boozer hanging around outside, begging for cash.
And the typical dysfunctional low income family that blocks an entire aisle.
And don't forget the fact that 2 out of three Pepsi vending machines are broken and vandalized.

Place has closed...   Salsa, Pico and the chips and tortillas are the best I've had in Az in 3 yrs.
Good beer sales too.
Haven't bought anything else there.
Can be a dangerous parking lot at night.
No namer brand products like papmers or TP if its late and your desperate go to Frys instead

I'm giving this location 2 stars, soley for its convenient location.
Otherwise it would have been 1.
My wife and I go specifically for the Goya products, and tortillas.
Well, on Saturday she goes and finds they were having deals on other items, and ended up spending $53.88.
She gets home, starts cooking, and realizes the very specific bottle of seasoning, which she went there to get in the first place, was Not among the other groceries.
Also missing was a jalapeño pepper.
No worries, just a mile down the street.
When she gets there, with receipt in hand, she explains the situation to the store mgr.
Well, apparently, a missing $0.88 jalapeño, and an almost $3 bottle of seasoning, is not to be taken lightly.
The manager went "straight to the video tape!".
Questioned the cashier, and bagger (who both said she took them with her), and then argued with my wife that she was wrong/mistaken.
We're maybe talking $5, at the very most, of items off of a grocery bill, which cost over $50.
Took her almost 15-20 mins of disputing with the guy, until they finally compensated her.
Geez......that's just really bad customer service.

