Way old school.
I did the lunch buffet, $6 and change including drink.
It was actually pretty good.
Yes there were a few times I asked myself "exactly what part of a chicken is this from?
" but the flavors were good.
I'm guessing about 15 different items on the buffet.
I'm guessing this place has been here for 10+ years, maybe double that.
Red cheesy Asian interior as you would expect in a place like this.
I like this place, so what are you going to do about it?

God this place is awful!!
Did it change hands between 1/19/09 when Matthew K. was there & 1/27/09 when I was there?¿?
The sign on the side of the building says "OPEN EAT" ...Straight forward & direct!
I liked that, so I tried it.
Inside & out, the place looks very old.
I would guess 1940s.
It's medium in size, & there were about 25 trays of food out.
There were only about 5 other customers in the place on a weekday at 12:30, which was my first warning sign.
The second was the egg flower soup.
It was gooey & blah (1940's style, I wondered?).
The food table was against the wall, so you have to reach far for the items that are in the back.
The ranch dressing was runny, & the macaroni salad blah.
The unfriendly Chinese lady brought me some "hot tea", which was lukewarm.
Back at the food table, the rest of the food was greasy, not very warm, or both.
The whole deal was seriously terrible... the second worst restaurant I have ever eaten at, after Wagon Wheel, Oxnard, CA.
(Fortunately that place finally folded & this one needs to as well!
)  "OPEN EAT somewhere else!

This was a great novel thing back in the day A Chinese restaurant that offered boofay Oh but the times they have a-change-ed And Hong Kong has not arrange-ed To keep up with their competition Or to make any change or addition To the way they've always done it So despite the fire that tried to run it  To the ground a few years back Hong Kong lingers, although quite whack, The ghosts of americhino lovers' past forays Will haunt this MSG pit 'till its dying days.

this is truly a mom and pop chinese restaurant (the mom is the waitress/bus girl/hostess and the pop is the cook)  a ton of the local chinese folks eat here and i thought it would be my duty to let the rest of the world in on a well kept secret.
if i've eaten here 20 times, i've seen someone from the chinese community here 15 times.
some of the best chinese restaurants gain there claim to fame from word of mouth and sadly  not on yelp  the food is authentic "toi-son" style southern hillbilly food.
same stuff my grandma would make:  1) foo-guah guy (bitter melon w/chicken) 2) lin-ngah gong (lilly root soup) 3) hom-yee guy-lup chow-fon (salty fish with chicken fried rice) 4) muy-toy kow-yoke (fatty pork with preserved vegetables)   if it's your 1st time trying out the place try from the above list or:  1) beef chow fun 2) peking pork chops 3) green beans with preserved vegetables 4) steam chicken with ginger/garlic sauce 5) fried chicken wings 6) filet fish with chinese broccoli 7) walnut shrimp 8) tomato beef chow mein with pan fried noodles  caveat:  the decor is cheezy, the bathrooms are sleazy, but the prices are easy  again, get over the decor and eat some of the best home-style chinese cooking :)

I decided to check this place out since it's by my work and cheap (5.99 w/drink).
As the other stated its a basic place.
There are only a few food options.
What they had was good but they are missing alot.
The lady was very nice and the food was pretty fresh.
Basically what I remember was there was Sweet and Sour chicken, Pork in some black bean sauce, another chicken in some sauce (kung pao maybe), breaded drumstick, rice, chow main, teriyaki chicken and egg flour soup.
I don't do seafood so there may have been something that I'm forgetting.
Anyways you'll have about 6 or 7 things to choose from and its all decent.
Mainly going 3 stars for a very limited selection.
If your into "hole in the wall" places check it out.
If your a fan of the bigger chinese buffets you won't be satisfied.

I went there for one thing: Hot and Sour soup.
It's hard to find a version of this old stand-by that really lives up to the name, but I think I found it here.
Deliciously different from the bland stuff I'm used to at other Chinese places--even "premium" places.
It's good and peppery and full of interesting mushrooms.
The buffet looked kinda sad.
Buffets in general are not my bag, but if it's yours you might be disappointed.
I'll be back for more soup and to try some of the other recommended dishes.

To start off, this place is actually called "New Hong Kong" restaurant.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/new-hong-kong-phoenix  It was originally called Hong Kong Restaurant from the 1950's and they kept the 60 year old sign in the parking lot (kinda nostalgic).
If you look at the sign on the building, it says New Hong Kong (kind of confusing when you Yelp it)  If you ask any of the old school chinese who have lived in central phoenix for the past 50 years where to get authentic home style cooking, they know it's at NHK.
If you ask the buffet community where to eat, this place is probably not on the top 100 (disclaimer:  I've never eaten the lunch buffet)  Sadly, it seems that the old school chinese community that patronize this place don't give it the Yelp reviews that it deserves, hence the low ratings.
If you're looking for traditional Cantonese style food, here's a list of semi-authentic stuff I recommend:  1) Beef chow fun 2) Tomato beef over Hong Kong style noodles 3) Fish filet over Gai Lon (Chinese broccoli) 4) Salt/pepper chicken wings (not on the menu) 5) Peking pork chops 6) West lake beef soup 7) X.O.
green beans  If you want to go hard core Toi-sahn hillbilly style home cooking like poh-poh and ngain-ngain used to make:  1) Hom-yee guy lup chow fon (preserved salty fish, with chicken fried rice) 2) Foo-guah guy, Ow-see (Bitter melon chicken with black been sauce) 3) Gee-ngoke-beng (Steamed pork with preserved salty fish) 4) Hoh-yeow gai-lon (Steamed chinese brocolli with oyster sauce) 5) Bok-jom-guy (Boiled chicken with garlic and ginger sauce) 6) Muy-choi-kow-yuk (Fatty pork hot-pot with preserved vegetable) 7) Bok choy with black mushroom  Occasionally, they will bring out the compimentary house special Doang-guah gong (winter melon) or linh-gnaw gong (some sort of chinese turnip) soup.
This place is a well kept secret, spread the wealth I tell ya.

this is the real deal, go with a group and order off the menu so you have lots to share.

Ordered the rather pricey, far from excellent Hot and Sour Soup to go.
It had an artificial soup base aftertaste, and it was overly thickened.
Will not be back.

great authentic chinese dishes, need to know what to order.
chicken wings and salt & pepper pork chops

Read a review from the newspaper so I tried it.
Not impressed.
The atmosphere is about as dismal as the food.
They need to make it a place people want to come in and eat instead of get out of there as soon as possible.
Gross!

First off - for those using the iphone maps, this place is on the corner of 24th St. and Indian School Road - EAST of Jack in the Box.
Not west of it like the map shows.
As I read some of the low reviews, I have to laugh.
Umm...if you want to complain about the atmosphere, service, and hot and sour soup - go to PF Changs for expensive Chinese food.
Places like this are what usually are good indicators of authentic - I am Chinese so yes, I think I know what I am talking about.
What I got a big kick out of was the fact that they have a menu for those looking for americanized chinese food and then a separate one with the real stuff on it.
Hilarious!
Madi D seems to be spot on.
I ordered the Hom-yee guy lup chow fon (preserved salty fish, with chicken fried rice) and Green Beans with XO sauce.
The rice is not your typical fried rice so don't expect anything else besides the salty fish (yum!
) and chicken.
It was yummy and a comfort good.
The green beans were cooked with something that made them dif.
so I suggest that again.
I spoke with the girl at the counter (mine was take-out) and she was really pleasant.
Overall, I'd need to try other things to be sure but so far, I am pretty sure this is the real deal.

Singapore Rice Noodles are fantastic, really!
So ridiculously good that EVERY time I eat here I get them, and sometimes another dish just to say that I've tried other stuff.
They will make the dish as large or spicy as you want (I often get an extra-large portion extra spicy - which is 1.5 times size of normal) but straight up off he menu is probably just as good.
Most of their other dishes are good too, depends on what you like, but don't judge this place without trying the Singapore noodles.
Ps, yes the decor is old & cheesy but at least it's clean, the staff (actually the cooks granddaughter I think) is super friendly, and you can always order as takeout.
Pss, the very small almost gimmicky lunch buffet is not their best feature so don't eat that & think the menus items are the same.

The lunch buffet is cheap and convenient.

This is a restaurant I go to because I am hungry, want good, healthy food, pleasant service and I try something new almost every time.
May, the nice young lady who always has a smile and great suggestion is a 5 Star server.
It's also a good idea to order some fried chicken to go once you finish your meal.

..my original review was deleted due to violating Yelp's Content Guidelines or Terms of Services.
Not sure how, or why.
I think you all should know how bad the food was here, and how dirty the establishment was inside before you waste the trip.
I also made a point to note that being of a specific ethnic origin does not automatically grant you a superior palate which can taste food from that origin better than the next person.
Bottom line: The kitchen was a disgusting wreck when I was able to peek back in there.
The food gave me food poisoning, and was hands down the worst I've had.
It is hard for me to respect a business who doesn't respect their customers enough to sweep the floor-

= = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = =  There's an old Chinese proverb:  "Once bitten, twice shy.
"  This place was so awful when I was here in January '09 that it took me over 4 1/2 years to get up the nerve to try it again!
I'm happy to report that things were better here this time:  SOME POSITIVES:  *  Both the dining room and the men's restroom looked very clean!
*  The ambiance (lighting, sound (soft Chinese music playing), room temperature and booth comfort were all good.
The dining room furnishings are arranged more attractively now than they were in '09, & it was a peaceful atmosphere overall.
(There were 5 other customers dining.
)  *  My "hot tea" was hot this time, & it's free with the Buffet!
*  The Egg Flower Soup was ok & much better than last time!
*  All the food temperatures were right & I liked the taste of most of it.
OK, A FEW CAVILS:  *  The sign outside says $5.99 but I was charged $6.55 total.
It should have been $6.49 at the current tax rate of 8.3%, so right now she's charging $6.05 plus tax.
*  One of the main things I always go for at an Oriental Buffet is the fried chicken.
The big legs cooked up here looked great in the tray but mine seemed oily and only marginally cooked enough on the inside.
*  Limited selection of 21 items including the tea.
ALL IN ALL?
Hong Kong here holds it own now against Mike Kwan's ("infamous") Golden Coin just 2 miles away.
That's another place that was 1-Star & improved.
The food is good there now but they have a microscopic selection of only 8 items & the bathroom is ucky.
It IS a pleasure to see a formerly disaster case Buffet like this get BETTER rather than finally closing such as East Buffet downtown, for example.
Did you ever eat there?
OMG!
The last time I was there I was fighting over my food with this big spider.
It was like a horror movie!
The whole scene there was so awful (& I ate there 2 or 3 times!).
Just running back across my Reviews of the place was upsetting enough that I finally deleted them completely.
(Still get goosebumps when I drive by the derelict building!
)     :-O  Ok, so the daily Lunch Buffet here at Hong Kong Restaurant is $6.05     :-|

Soup's not the same.
Place kinda looks post-apocalyptic.
This neighborhood needs a good traditional Americanized Chinese restaurant.
They used to be all over the place.
Plenty of people -- now having gotten the pretensions of "Asian Fusion" out of their system-- would be willing to come back.
They could do a steady lunch biz from the local office workers and be a destination for dinner, but they're going to need to spend more than $20 a month on maintenance.
First time I've seen a sign on a buffet line reminding people not to dish food up with their bare hands.

Local greasy spoon restaurant - buffet was great if you like chinese food.
If you want a renovated restaurant this place is not for you.
You don't pay for the chairs you sit on but rather good food.

I am embarrassed to admit that tonight was my first time here, even though I've lived within walking distance for 5 years, because I assumed it would not be good.
WRONG.
Why is this place not more of a yelp gem?
(Actually, one reason I've never pursued it is because I think at one point the reviews were mixed up between this place the the place on McDowell.
This review is for the restaurant on the NW corner of 24th St and Indian School.
)  It was totally empty at 6pm on Saturday when I stopped in to get takeout.
The woman helping me was very polite and helped me pick out a few things from the Chinese menu.
The Singapore noodles were scrumptious and I ate the whole order by myself.
The green beans with XO sauce were also tasty, although plan to use those more as a side than an entree (and as a heads up, I do not think they are vegetarian, though one might assume them to be; I think there is some diced dried fish in the sauce making it YUMMY but not veggie).
The soup of the day was described as "rehydrated bok Choi soup".
I'm not sure what that means, exactly, since when is bok choi DEhydrated anyway?
I don't think she thought I'd like it because it was more of a traditional Chinese soup, but I loved it.
It was very brothy with ultra-boiled greens, some unfamiliar mushroom or possibly dried plum thing, and (I think) boiled peanuts.
The broth had a slightly sweet quality to it, similar to Pho broth.
I'm not making the soup sound that good, but it was.
Just try it.
I had heard that the winter melon soup is great, but the woman told me that while occasionally they have it as a daily soup, usually you have to call a couple of days in advance to order it so they can prepare.
I'm so glad I finally found a good neighborhood Chinese restaurant.

I think most Chinese foodies would agreed that, interior decorating have nothing to do with quality of food, especially when it comes to Chinese food.
As the matter of fact, I find that the more run down some place looks, the more intriguing it becomes.
I dragged a couple Chinese friends with me to check out this place a couple days ago.
Verdict: Surprisingly good!
Although some dishes may be a bit altered for american palate, but it still retains a good amount of authenticity.
Also, the salty fried pork chop is pretty damn amazing.

I went here on Christmas Eve for lunch because I was always curious about it.
Plus, the Chinese food choices in central Phoenix are pretty sparse.
I would actually give this place more like 2-1/2 stars.
I liked the tofu and pork clay pot we ordered.
But the pork and kabocha squash dish was waaaay too salty.
I feel like it was a spice, not MSG, that was the culprit.
Either way, I had to scarf down a lot of water every time I ate some.
We also had fried green beans with XO sauce, which is pretty simple to make.
I know they have a buffet too and judging by what I saw during my stroll, the food seemed like nothing special.
I did crack up at the using a tortilla container for the steamed rice.
I could see myself going here if I was really craving Chinese food for dinner or lunch.
But I'd get it to go rather than eat it there.
The inside is the usual old-school Chinese restaurant decor with booths and tables.
As someone from the Bay Area and who grew up in a Chinese household, I could definitely say I've had better.
I know the owner is supposedly a chef with 30 years experience so who knows, maybe I went during an off day.

I visited this place with visitors from Hong Kong and China looking for a break from American food.
We decided on this place based on reviews of having an American menu and a Chinese menu.
The direct response from our expert visitors was the chicken was good, the vegetable was too sweet, noodle with beef needle a little more flavor.
All in all difficult to compare to authentic Chinese food, but was a welcome treat for weary Chinese travelers missing home.

New Hong Kong (as we call it) has been a family favorite for years.
Now we go often with our friends for our weekly Sunday night dinners.
It's a great family-run casual place that has authentic Chinese food at great prices.
When we go we have an order set that we like: the West Lake soup, Peking pork chops, beef chow fun (dry), claypot with tofu and BBQ pork, and the beef and broccoli which you can do with either American or Chinese broccoli.
They also have great chicken wings.
Other dishes that we like include the walnut shrimp and the salt and pepper pork.

Tried this place for lunch since I drive past it near my new place.
It was bad..
I had the fried chicken and it was pink.
Rest was greasy and didn't taste good.
2 stars for how cheap it was but this place was full of large people who don't know good Chinese and this wasn't good.

