Simply the best automotive repair place I've yet found in Phoenix.
Honest, fair, and competent.
I've taken three vehicles there for service over several years now and never been dissatisfied.

A very reliable local garage.
Bill is all about great customer service, and goes the extra mile.
He deflated my fears about "being taken" by other mechanics playing on my automotive ignorance.
He's a truly good guy, knows his stuff, and will work to save me money if he can find it.
I trust Bill, and 25th Street Automotive.
Thanks, and we'll continue to bring our wheels into your shop.

I've been taking my car(s) to then for years.
Super organized system, excellent customer environment, and very level headed and trustworthy diagnosis and advise is always administered.
They are the BEST!

This is a great repair shop.
It is very difficult to find an honest mechanic, so I was very happy to find 25th Street Automotive.
I originally went there for a second opinion when the dealership had recommended some very expensive repairs.
It turns out those repairs were unnecessary, and the car has run just fine since then.
I now take my car to 25 Street Automotive for all routine maintenance.

Just started taking our car to them this past year.
Been there a couple of times for different issues and we've gotten service done well, done right, and done professionally each time.
They don't try to upsell and they don't try doing things that don't actually need to be done.
They've now got our business not only for the big stuff, but for ongoing maintenance as well.

I just started taking my car here a few months ago.
Someone from their business stopped by my office building with donuts and coupons for a 60,000 mile check up, and that's how they got my business.
I brought my car there for a routine oil change, and they did the 60,000 mile check up which was very useful.
Of course there was the usual list of things I should fix, but they never made me feel like an idiot or that they were taking advantage of me, which I can't say for most mechanics.
The other thing I really like about them is they give me a ride to and from work, so I can get maintenance done on my car without missing work or worrying about how I'm going to get back to the shop.
Bill and the other guys that work there are all very friendly and I definitely trust them with my car needs.

I first started taking my car(s) to Bill's 25th St Auto when they opened years back and have been impressed with the caring ethical way they approach their customers.
If you need something done they will do it right but more importantly if you DON'T need something done they will tell you too.
There is no quota or amount they have to ' get ' out of your time there; it is just honest caring ethical service.
( and a bunch of super nice guys as well) Thanks Bill...and Bill....for taking care of my service needs and those of my family and friends Dr Stephen Doholis Phoenix AZ.

I'm gonna add to the growing list of previous reviewers who have also had great service at 25th Street Automotive by giving it a well deserved 5 stars.
My clutch had all but completely gone out and I had to have it towed to the auto shop.
The car was also running very hot in an unrelated issue.
One of the Bills called me 3 or 4 times throughout the day to keep me in the loop of what they had discovered and what was recommended.
The service was all complete in one day and I was able to pick it up the same evening.
My car is running great!
Every positive comment about this auto shop is very true.
They are professional, extremely courteous, reasonable and above all, they are trustworthy.
A good auto shop is one of those things that seems to be all so elusive, so I'm thankful for the previous yelpers guiding me here.
I hope to not have anymore breakdowns or many maintenance needs but if I do, I will return here.
I am a fan and I will recommend them to anyone I hear of having a vehicle issue.

I've found the mechanics here to be honest, competent and interested in making customers for life.
What more could you want in your mechanic?
They also provide a free shuttle, free coffee and free bottles water on a hot day and once you're on the mailing list they'll send you coupons for your next service.

My car died while I was driving to work, and a search for nearby auto repair places turned up this shop.
It had good reviews so I decided to give them a shot.
I had my car towed to their shop using my GEICO roadside assistance, and the guys at 25th Street Automotive had it up and running again within the same day (I had a busted alternator).
Their free shuttle took me back to my home for the afternoon, and then they came and picked me up later on when everything was ready to go.
When I came to pick up my car, they took the time to point out the fact that they had noticed that my radiator hoses were almost completely worn out (which I could see to be true), but they didn't insist on fixing it right then or there.
They took the time to educate me about the issue and the potential costs, but they left the decision entirely up to me.
One other thing I noticed was that as part of the alternator repair, they had completely cleaned up my battery terminals and painted them with an anti-corrosion treatment.
This was an unexpected attention to detail which I really appreciated.
Summary: Top notch, prompt service from friendly, knowledgeable, and skilled mechanics.
At no point did I feel like I was being scammed or upsold things I didn't need, and the price I paid for this level of service seemed fair to me.
I'll definitely be coming back!

As a woman who knows a bit about cars, I am usually instantly in defense mode when I bring my car to a new mechanic.
I was bringing my car in for some standard maintenance and brakes.
Bill at the front, however was nice, professional, and gave me a straightforward explanation of what they were going to do.
The other Bill called just a few hours later with a complete breakdown of what they saw and what needed to be done.
He even talked me out of something that I thought I needed but really didn't!
Later that afternoon, their polite driver/mechanic picked me up at my house.
The total was exactly as quoted earlier, and Bill #1 gave me some valuable advice about future maintenance.
Great mechanics who don't try to rip you off are rare, as most of us know.
This shop deserves every star it has gotten.
Customer for life.

I have a Ford Truck that I love, but I had to take it in to Ford to fix my window under warranty.
That was all that I went there for.
When I went to pick-up my truck they said that the air conditioning compressor was bad and that I needed to replace it and that it would cost a little over $1000.00.
I told them I would hold off.
So I took my car to 25th Street Automotive to have them look at it for me because I trust their company.
For less than a 1/4 of the price, I now have cool air, and oil change, brake light fixed and they said that my compressor was not bad that it is probably just sweating due to the humidity.
They are a Great Company!
I would refer them to all my friends.
Honest, knowledgable team that cares about their customers.
Thanks, Kristi

Hands down this is the place to bring your car for any automotive work!!
I brought in my 2005 Chrysler Pacifica to have it evaluated because there were a couple of problems.
I wanted to see what type of life it had left and was it worth spending the money to fix it or should I invest in a new car.
They were very honest with me and really helped me through my decision.
Needless to say, I decided to invest into my car and it now drives like a brand new car!!
I couldn't be any happier.
I highly recommend this place.
I have already told a ton of people about this place and I will bring any of my car needs to them!

I have been using Bill and 25th Street Automotive from the time they opened.
I wouldn't go anywhere else for car repair.
I find Bill very honest and fair, and he does great work.
He lets you know when certain work is needed, but also realistically gives you an idea of how long you can wait before having the work done which I appreciate from a budgeting perspective.
He never uses the fear factor to get more business from you like some places do when they give you doom and gloom stories of why you'll die if you don't have more work done.
I have never thought he has suggested any repair that wasn't truly needed.
As someone who doesn't know much about cars, I feel fortunate to have found such an honest, reputable business to take care of my car.

25th Street Automotive is what Yelp is all about.
This is a local business that gives great service at reasonable prices and are completely trustworthy.
They will NOT try to overcharge you and they will always tell you what needs to be done now and what can wait so they are very conscious of your budget.
I have been through about three mechanics who have told me things like my hoses and belts had never been replaced (on my 12 year old Explorer) or found other "problems" that needed immediate repair.
Not these guys they will give it to you straight and will not be dishonest.
They complete the work in a timely manner and offer rides from and back to their shop within a certain radius.
I found them on Yelp and I am thrilled to advise everyone on here to support this business.

I called this business at end of day yesterday explaining my car problem.
They said they were a couple days behind but if I came early in the morning the following day they could check out my car.
He said they'd either fix it on the spot or give me an assessment of how much it would cost to fix.
I showed up the next day and was out in 5 minutes.
Not only was I greeted right away but my car was fixed for a very nominal fee.
Great service!

Trustworthy work and service and better than larger nation-wide repair shops.
The prices are better as well, but honestly, not by much.
I wasn't taken advantage of, but our cars are definitely still looking for an auto-repair shop home.

I am a small business owner with a fleet of vehicles, to shut down my trucks for service or maintenance cost my company hundreds of dollars.
25th Street Automotive understands this down time and handles fleet  companies with urgency.
I recommend them highly.
Thank you   Cathryn Curcio Owner Desert Breeze Glass Auto * Home * Business www.desertbreezeglass.com 480-752-8191

Thanks to Yelp, I found this awesome car repair shop.
I have nothing but the absolute BEST things to say about them.
The most professional, honest and effecient that I have ever worked with.
Unfortunately, I just bought a "lemon" and 25th St.
Automotive took some of the pain out this process.
They are just amazing....I knew that the transmission was most likely shot.
They spent the minimum amout of time and money to confirm this and were more than accomodating.
I would bring another car back here in a heartbeat.
Overall, a it's very dismal circumstance regarding my newly purchased used car, but an absolutely fabulous experience with 25th Street Automotive.

25th Street Automotive is top-notch!!!
I took my truck in a nearly a month ago to have my compressor replaced.
I had quotes from 3 different shops including the dealer and 25th Street Automotive was the most inexpensive.
But price was not the only thing that made 25th a great experience.
They were honest and thorough from my first call until I left with my truck fixed.
They gave me a ride to work, made sure to cover my seats and floor with plastic to keep it clean and were sure to explain all that they saw while working on the truck.
The owner thanked me for my business and was polite enough to ask for future business in a genuine and polite manner that made me feel as if he was truly looking to make a life-time customer.
To top it all off the total price was slightly less than initially quoted.
They are the BEST automotive repair experience I have had in the 10 years I have lived in the valley.
I highly recommend them to everyone that needs a good mechanic!

Amazing!
I mean how many shops can actually be proud to be a BBB member let alone win the Ethics award!
My service choice hands down even thought it's 30 miles from home!

This local auto shop is the best!!
Totally realizable and honest.
Tell them if you plan to keep your car forever or if you plan to trade it in soon.
They will make recommendations accordingly.
They have saved me hundreds of $$ by customizing repairs to my needs.
Check out all of the awards they have received: AAA Top Shop and Better Business Bureau.

In the service industry, it's difficult to come across truly trustworthy businesses.
I get that everyone in the world is in it to make a buck, but I'm so glad that some businesses value honesty above profiteering, especially because they're intelligent enough to realize that when they treat their customers like people, and not dollar signs, the money will come.
I've had the pleasure of bringing my two vehicles to Bill on three separate occasions.
Each time he told me the TRUTH.
The first time he told me there wasn't anything wrong with the car and he didn't try to charge me for an unnecessary diagnostic.
The second time he told me he was just too busy and that it would be a few days until he could get to my car.
He even let me call him over the phone to make sure my dealership wasn't screwing me over on the repair he wasn't able to get to.
The third time he told me someone else who specializes in that service could do the job quicker and cheaper than him.
Honesty: that's what keeps me coming back!

I was looking for a mechanic and decided to try them because they were rated highly by yelp users.
After my service here I will definitely be going back.
There amazingly friendly, fast, low priced and super awesome.
I felt they were being honest on their assessment and I will definitely be going back for future repairs.
Thank you!

Best place to go!!
I am a female who doesn't know anything about cars and they always explain so I understand.
They really do what is best for their customers and don't try and add on little extra charges here and there like most places.
The Bills are very nice people and I am never going anywhere else in Phoenix!

When I moved to Phoenix a couple of years ago, I sought out a local garage to service my vehicle.
It is an older car with not much life left in it, so I wanted to work with someone honest who would not pressure me to sink a lot of money into the vehicle.
Through Living Social and Yelp, I found 25th Street Automotive.
I wish I had gone elsewhere.
The Living Social Certificate provided for 3 oil changes in about a year's time.
This car is driven very little, so it would not need 3 oil changes in one year.
When I inquired at 25th Street, they told me "No problem, we'll honor it, as long as you get the FIRST oil change done within the year before it expires, we'll honor the other two.
"  This was NOT the case.
The first two oil changes were done there and last week, I made an appointment to have the third one done today.
I mentioned the Living Social Certificate on the phone when I made the appointment.
My wife took the car in for the appointment and they told her that they would NOT honor it because it had expired.
If they had been honest with me up front and said "we'll only honor it for X period of time," I would have had no problem, but they gave me their word they would honor the offer and they did not live up to their word.
My wife was not pleased with their response and left the garage without having the oil change done.
Another problem I had is when I took the car in for one of the earlier oil changes, they investigated a known issue that I had with the car.
They did not verbally inform me that there would be a cost to investigate the problem.
(I did sign the standard form that likely authorized the work, so I realize that I was legally on the hook and didn't complain at the time).
I was somewhat surprised to find a $60+ change on the bill for the cost to investigate the problem and provide an estimate.
Once again, had they been more forthright and verbally told me that there would be a cost, I could have made an educated decision and likely would have OK'd it.
Finally, the estimate for this repair was in the $600-$700 range.
They insisted on using a "Genuine AC Delco" part that cost somewhere north of $400.
I asked if they would be willing to use an aftermarket part or obtain a used part from a salvage parts dealer and they would not.
To put it in perspective, this car has a book value of less than $1,000, so why would you install a brand new $400 part when much less costly alternatives are available?
It just made no sense at all.
(I do own a newer, nicer car for which their method of repair WOULD make sense).
I declined to do the repair and ultimately found a brand new aftermarket part on the Internet for $45 and had it installed another garage for $120 (which included a warranty on the work) and the problem has been solved.
In a fair assessment, the guys at 25th Street are probably good mechanics and they may be well-suited for working on newer or higher-end cars, or for working with people who are not as cost-sensitive as I am about their cars.
They are pleasant on the phone, accommodating with appointments and have a free shuttle service which may be a great convenience for many people.
For those who have older cars or are highly cost-sensitive, you may want to take my experience into consideration.
Also, regardless of the type of car you have, I highly recommend you ask a lot of questions up front and if any promises are made, get them in writing.

We brought boyfriends car here based on a recommendation from a friend.
Boyfriend knew immediately to check Yelp and all of the reviews are amazing.
They were so communicative it was insane.
We have brought his car other places and it would take days to get a response.
These guys clearly pride themselves on communication and customer service.
We dropped the car off after hours and he had it back the next day after a quick call and explanation.
These guys want to give you the best deal possible.
They had some coupons they offered which helped us out (even if just a bit).
If you think their service is a little more expensive, its worth it!!!
Having taken the car other places and not had service like this, we would take both of our cars back here and pay far more than any other place.

After receiving a pricey estimate for repairs on my truck, I took to Yelp for helpful Yelper advice.
I came across this shop and Bill and team were terrific.
On the phone, Bill told me my estimated repairs were probably not likely and that I should come in for a cheap inspection to look everything over.
He was right.
The repairs that I needed were minimal compared to what the 'other' shop wanted (not needed) to repair.
Bill and staff got me up and running in no time and for much less than I was expecting to pay.
Thanks!

After reading all the reviews here, i've scheduled an appointment with Bill.I've asked them to diagnoize 2 issues.
I've a 03 Nissan pathfinder that burns oil(I've to top off  3 quartz every 1500 miles), and ABS  light on.
Bill was good in communication, told me upfront that if they  reach $400 on diagnosis cost, he stops and update me on results which he did.After $180 diagnosis on oil burning issue, no root cause was found.
On the ABS he charged $160 and zeroed on ABS sensor.Took 3 to 4 hrs to tell this.
Bill made some other recommendation to fix radiator.A week later, i called them to fix radiator and ABS and i asked if they give credit of diagnosis towards repair.
He said NO, and later asked me to come over to his shop to discuss.I eventually didn't go because his quote on radiator job was $680+ while most good shops are around  less than $550.
The awards that they had drove me to the shop, even though it was not on my route.In return i paid more than $400 just for diagnosis and got nothing back.What really disappointed me was the skill level of the mechanics there.
If they are truly exceptional, they have to find the hidden issues that normal mechanics cannot see.
a simple online search on Google "03 Nissan pathfinder excessive oil consumption" could have been more worth than spending over $400 at this shop.
Skilled mechanics go outside their garage and look for other side.This is kind of professionalism service you expect when paying premium.Totally disappointed and frustrated with Bill & team.Too expensive, 0 results,waste of time.They are not good as you think.

I have been taking my vehicles to Bill Conian and 25th St Auto for about 20 years and have ALWAYS been very pleased with both the service to my car and with the customer service.
In this crazy age of almost NO customer service, Bill shines brightly  as a beacon of care and competence.
It is such a relief to have a business I can completely trust and one that seems genuinely appreciative to have my  business.
I recommend 25th St without reservation.

I took my 2003 Ford Escape here based on their awards and Yelp reviews.
I have been screwed over by several mechanics because I am a young girl and they assume I don't know anything, or can't do research on my own.
These guys were amazing!
They were very honest and upfront about what was going to have to happen and how much it was going to cost.
I am very please with their service and pricing.

As a tough critic, I don't hesitate declaring this is the neighborhood automotive shop to go to!
The same guys have been working there for years and they are kind, talented, and ethical.
I only wish they were open on the weekends but they too deserve a break from a hard week's work!

