What?
am I really FTR on this?
huh.
weird.
Anyways, this blimpie's is in the shopping center near my office.
I come here from time to time because I actually get hungry on lunch!
Today was one of those days.
The good side of this place is that there's hardly ever a wait.
Even with a line, things move quickly and efficiently.
Menu selection is decent, prices are fair, and there's plenty of indoor seating.
They have a nice bread selection here, which I like as well.
Downside?
I kinda find Blimpie's subs to be...well, mediocure.
Its by far 10 million times better then Subway any day..but not enough to really impress my tastebuds.
Anyways, if your in the area, and want a halfway decent sub, swing by and pick one up!

Never having eaten from a Blimpie's I was excited to try them out and really surprised.
I expected something like Subway, but they are blowing Subway AND Jimmy John's right out of the water.
If I have my way, I'll NEVER GO BACK TO SUBWAY OR JIMMY JOHN'S AGAIN!
My boss bought me a sandwich-the Ultimate Club-which is one of their warm subs, so I can't speak to the price.
But boy oh boy was my sandwich good.
No sooner had he laid it down in front of me and it was GONE!
The bread was great, they didn't skimp on the meat, the bacon was real and not that floppy chewy stuff-it had a nice crunch to it, but wasn't overdone and I really love their peppercorn sauce!
My boss goes there all the time so they must have good service and decent prices.
I recommend you check it out!

When I want a sandwich, this is where I want it from.
Soft flavorful bread (you are already ahead of the game because Subway and Jimmy John have hard and/or bland bread).
Fresh sliced meats, cheeses and veggies (sorry but S & JJ have slimy meat and that's a HUGE turn-off), and when you take a bite of your sandwich and all of the mayo/mustard/vinegar/oregano have magically melded together...you'll be a believer too.
Prices are slightly higher than Subway, pretty similar to Jimmy John, but the quality leaves them in the dust.
My only suggestion would be for them to start a delivery service or subscribe to Grubhub.com or something like that so I could order it for our lunch meetings.
Oh and the service is always done with a smile.
Great job guys!

The guys that work at this place are super friendly.
I work next door at so I come over occasionally for a sub.
They have a deal that if you come after 4pm you get any foot long for $5.
It's super cheap and a lot better than Subway.
They actually slice the meat in front of you.
The subs are still kinda mediocre, but for the price you can't beat it.

