I've been wanting LASIK for years and this place was really close to where I live, so I checked them out first.
Long story short, they told me I was not a candidate for LASIK because of my high prescription.
Normally they'd recommend ICLs (implantable contact lenses) but the anterior chamber of my eyes were too shallow.
So they said there was nothing they could do for me and told me I was better off in contacts/glasses.
I was pretty discouraged until an optometrist friend of mine recommended getting several other opinions (she worked for a LASIK center that did eyes worse than mine) ... and I did.
Here's where I learned the truth of BDPEC... apparently within the local ophthalmologist community, they are FAMOUS for pushing ICLs.
So let me save you some time here.
If your near-sighted prescription is worse than -6.00, they will recommend ICLs (below that they will do LASIK).
FYI - ICLs cost a lot more than LASIK, too (ka-ching!).
Anyways, if you don't fit that ICL bucket, they'd rather let you walk.
After doing more research, I discovered that a high-prescription ALONE does not a bad LASIK patient make, which is what BDPEC led me to believe.
In fact, the other doctors told me that because my corneas are way above average in thickness, my risk for complications is much lower!
Imagine that!
I'm sure that if you fit into the BDPEC business model, you will get great results.
However, I STRONGLY encourage anyone considering refractive correction surgery to do your research and get at least 2 or 3 opinions outside of BDPEC.
They operate on a business-first model vs. clinical-first.
Good luck!

Dr Pinkert is awesome !
He is one of the best Vision Drs in the Valley , plus he is cool as ....
I CAN SEE CLEARLY NOW !

I was referred here for my husband to get LASIK by a good friend who works in an optometrist department.
She said that the treatment and doctor were the best and there were plenty of other LASIK centers that she had seen substandard results from.
Noting this, we went to BDP for a free consultation expecting the best.
What we got was the worst.
Making the appt was easy and the people on the phone were pleasant.
However, when we got into the office, they acted like we couldn't afford the procedure and therefore weren't worth the time.
They didn't explain any of the tests they did, nor did they talk to my husband the entire 2 hours he was there.
When my husband tried to ask questions, he was ignored.
When the doctor saw him, it wasn't any better.
He was brief and to the point.
My husband required PRK LASIK and it would be about $4000.
When my husband tried to ask a question or inquire about the vision for life program, he was told quickly about the medications he would need to purchase in addition to the procedure.
The doctor then promptly closed his folder and left.
In contrast to this, we visited another LASIK doctor with good ratings and were treated like we were worth his time, explained everything to, and talked to thoroughly about the procedure and medications.
They never once left us in the dark, nor did they treat us substandard.
The price was the same as BDP, the difference was in how we were treated.
Sadly, I was excited to go to BDP and now will not due to their attitudes towards us.

Had Lasik last Friday!!
Best thing I ever did.
Only regret is that I didn't do it years ago!
Staff and Doctors are the best.
Very professional and knowledgeable.
I checked around and not only is the instruments they use the best.
The cost is great.
Love my new eyesight Barnet Dulaney Perkins!

The Doc fixed my eye & the staff rocks... you all get out of Jail for free... Maricopa County Jail only.

After years of being scared, I finally decided to have Lasik done.
One of the best things I have ever done, and worth every dollar.
I visited other eye centers, but Barnet Dulaney Perkins was the best.
The staff is very friendly and very informative.
From my consultation to the Lasik procedure, I was explained everything that was being done or would be done.
Dr. Fintelmann was AWESOME!
I am reading at 20/15!
After 25 years of wearing glasses, I am glad I made the decision to go to Barnet Dulaney Perkins and rid myself of my eye-crutches.

Just realized today is my 1 year anniversary of my Lasik..
Still PERFECT VISION!

Their commercials got me in the door but their customer service, knowledge and wonderful staff has me going back for my surgery.
Everyone I spoke with was very knowledgeable; they explained everything about the procedure and even offered financing.
Very clean, very friendly, can't wait to get my vision corrected.

I would recommend Barnet Dulaney Perkins Eye Center to my wife, family and friends.
They were very friendly and very informative from start to finish and answered every question I had.
The surgery was successful and the recovery time was fairly quick, however there was a few hours of major pain afterwards.
I asked a few friends who have had LASIK and they said the same pain duration post surgery.
To respond to another review regarding it's all about the money.
Um, ya if it weren't they wouldn't be in business using top of the line equipment during your initial exam and surgery, which I'd gladly pay a few dollars extra to have.
Their pricing is competitive, not the cheapest and not the most expensive, just right.
Of course, I only have a sample size of one and I plan on keeping it that way.

I just had my LASIK procedure completed at BDPEC on 19 Jul 2013.
So far, so good.
My vision is still a bit hazy but I checked out at 20/20 during my post-op the following day.
AMAZING!
I got off to a shaky start with this clinic.
The person who performed the consultation exams was extremely friendly and professional.
She did seem to want to push me toward the ICL but when the doctor (Dr. Schiff) came in to review my results, he said there was absolutely no need for that and said I was an excellent LASIK candidate.
(I did not feel that he tried to steer me into a procedure that I did not need.
) His 'bedside manner' was perfectly acceptable and I felt he was thorough.
He reviewed my results with me, explained the procedure, and then popped in a demonstrative video for me for me to watch.
After meeting with him, I was directed to a person I refer to as 'The Closer.
' He explained my surgical cost, what the day of the procedure would be like, and then asked if we could get the surgery scheduled.
The cost was higher than what I was expecting and when I questioned the cost, I felt that he became a fast talker - 'their technology is the best, they have been around the longest, other vision correction centers are basically hacks, etc.
' He also seemed to insinuate that my reservations about the cost somehow diminished what should be my ultimate concern - my vision.
I found that a bit insulting.
This felt like a sales tactic to me and made it feel a bit like a purchasing a car versus a medical procedure.
I couldn't help but wonder what his commission was on this 'sale.
' My recommendation to BDPEC would be to review this portion of the consultation.
Where I was most disappointed in BDPEC was that I left this appointment with no pre-arranged ride home.
I was told I wouldn't need one despite the fact my eyes would be dilated during the appointment.
I do assume personal responsibility for this but I had NO business driving myself home this day.
My vision was horrendous - I slowly worked my way from Phoenix to Chandler using as many side streets as possible.
I admit that I should have pulled over and waited it out but, as it turns out, it would have made little difference.
My vision was still blurred 24 hours later!
When I called to ask if this was normal, they said it was and that it could take up to 48 hours for normal vision to return.
If that is the case, why would they not tell you to arrange transportation on your consultation day?
I considered that a strike against their care for their patients.
After talking with several friends who have had the LASIK procedure, weighing their experiences, what they paid, etc., I chose to go ahead with the surgery at BDPEC.
I was told I would be called with my surgery time for the following Friday.
By Tuesday afternoon the week of surgery, I had not received a call and had to call them to find out when I was scheduled.
Perhaps I was being impatient but I did have the schedule of my husband (who was driving me there and taking me home) to consider and wanted him to be able to arrange his day with as much notice as possible.
So, that was another little strike as far as I was concerned.
The day of the surgery, everyone was quite nice except for maybe one person who administered the Valium - she just wasn't very friendly.
No biggie.
The surgeon sat down with me for a moment to review any questions I had.
Despite a full waiting room, I did not feel that he was rushed and did feel that he was engaged in our pre-op meeting.
The staff were thorough about plastering my name all over me - I assume to avoid mixing up prescriptions and patients.
I appreciated that!
They told me to expect to be there for about 90 minutes and I was.
During the surgery, Dr. Fintelmann and another gentleman assisting him were both very calming.
I was quite nervous and they really did what they could to keep me focused and relaxed.
I am so grateful for that!
The procedure took minutes and when I sat up, though very blurry, I could see!
Dr. Schiff took a quick look before I could go home and he was kind and excited for me.
At my post-op the following morning, everyone again was friendly and welcoming.
Though I am sure they experience this multiple times each week, they seemed genuinely excited for me as they congratulated me on my 'new eyes.
' On a personal note, it is a very moving moment to hear someone tell you that you have perfect vision after a lifetime of being dependent on vision correction.
I would recommend BDPEC based on my overall experience.

I went in to have cateract eye surgery in both of my eyes which began in Nov. 2012.
The two surgeries were done 2 weeks apart.
I was sold for an additional $7000.- above Medicare and Blue Cross charges to have  lens implants that would not require me to wear glasses after the surgeries.
One of the lens's that was implanted in my eye was not centered and 3 weeks later, it had to be removed and replaced with a different lens.
Both eyes had laser surgeries.
My left eye also had retina work after the initial implant (supposedly my retina was torn in 3 places.
Also in my left eye, I had to have cornea surgery on my eyelids.
Finally after 7 months of office visits and surgeries, I decided to get a second opinion from an outside opthamoligist.
He explained to me that the LensX ($7000.-) should NOT have been used for me due to my stigmatisms.
I asked why Dr Perkins recommended it to me, and was told that it was all about additional money.
To date, my vision has become alot worse prior to going in to Barnet Dulaney Perkins.
NOW, I have eye glasses for both reading and distance.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY- THEY ARE A TOTAL BUNCH OF CROOKS AND NOT VERY PROFESSIONAL.

I wish I could rate the facility higher but due to me experience with Dr. Perkins, I can only give them a 2-star rating.
I have since filed a formal complaint to the Arizona Medical Board stating the following:  On February 7, 2014, I went in for a scheduled PRK Revision Surgery with Dr. Scott Perkins of Barnet Dulaney Perkins Eye Center.
Dr. Perkins was unprofessional in the manner in which he spoke to me during the surgery prep and during surgery.
I have had this same procedure done October 4, 2013 so I am familiar with the process and the experience.
After Dr. Perkins put the numbing drops in my eyes, the next step was to place a sponge like object on my eye.
Unlike the time before, it was extremely painful causing me to squint and twitch in pain.
I said, "It burns.
Why does it burn?
I know I should not feel this, I am concerned that I do considering you will be putting a laser on my eye next and I feel pain.
"  He exclaimed, "Oh my god, you are so dramatic!
I have done 15 of these today and no one has been as dramatic as you!
"  I said, "I am sorry but this is uncomfortable unlike last time, shouldn't you be just as concerned?
"  He then threw himself back in his chair and said, "Are you done yet?
"  I could not believe the way that not only a doctor but a person was speaking to me.
He then proceeded and was unusually rough in the manner he completed the rest of the procedure.
Once Dr. Perkins was done, I sat up and was escorted to the post-op room where I was crying and beside myself in the experience and pain with Dr. Perkins.
I explained what had happened to the technician and proceeded to check out.
I not only experienced a tremendous amount of pain in comparison to the first procedure done by him but tremendous pain after.
It is my belief that Dr. Perkins did not allow the numbing drops enough time to take effect before proceeding nor did he have the care and concern for the matter.
I am disgusted by his unprofessionalism and the pain he put me through.
It has been 5 weeks since the procedure and it appears that my vision was affected by his poor quality work as my vision is worse now than it was 5 weeks after my first procedure and prior to this second procedure.
I do not believe this doctor should be practicing on such a delicate sense and lacks any compassion and bedside manner.
It really is such a shame to have dealt with Dr. Perkins because I have had a great experience leading up to surgery.
Dr. Schiff is the pre and post op doctor that has been such a pleasure to deal with.
He is very warm and informative just like the rest of his administrative staff.
After my experience that night, I received a call from their branch manager wanting to address the issue.
She stated she would send me a gift card as some type of consolation.
Three weeks later, nothing.
I sent her an email to verify the address she had for me and after no response a week later, I called her and she said that she sent it to me after we first spoke.
Yeah, maybe it got lost with her response to my email.
Another week, she receives a return on the mailing and realizes that she had the wrong address.
I get the $20 gift card with a note stating, "Here is another gift card.
"  I was very offended.
She would have gotten a return on the first one since she sent it to the same wrong address IF she in fact did send it the first time.
I was initially impressed by the way K.D.
tried to mitigate but then offended in the result.
This is a $4,000 procedure and I suffered a great deal of pain for a $20 gift card that required my constant follow-up.
Please note, I do recommend Dr. Schiff to inform and prep you for the surgery and his administrative staff, just please ensure you do not get scheduled for surgery with Dr. Perkins.

I have been going here for over 5 years and I am always amazed at the level of care I receive.
I've gone to a lot of eye doctors over the years and Barnet Dulaney's doctors never let me down with their professionalism and the friendliness from the staff.
I've never had a bad visit.

I went to find out if I was a candidate.
Unfortunately I wasn't.
But the people were very friendly and professional.
I would recommend them to anyone interested in getting lasiks done.

Wow!
Had cataract surgery in Sun City.
All clinic and surgery visits were outstanding in every way.
Doctors and staff were pleasant and comforting.
Waiting times were very reasonable.
Everything was very well organized.
Best of all my results are great.

