I like safeway because they are always nice clean and helpful.
THe only reason it isnt 5 stars is you pay more for this treatment, but I say it is worth it.
Also they tend to have the better produce.

This morning I opened my fridge to a big fat empty space... and that's when I knew - time to go grocery shopping - and not just any grocery shopping - time to load up!
Sure - it's fine to go to AJ's here and there, and the Farmers Market (when in season) for fresh produce.
Sunflower and Albertson's aren't far, but for whatever reason, I chose to do my shopping today at Safeway.
For $121, I stocked the fridge.
I won't go into the details of my purchases (grocery shopping can get really personal, you know?!
) - but I will say that I came home happy.
I also am proud to say that I will be eating in all three of my meals today, and maybe snacks too.
Don't you love when you can do that?
I do!
Safeway - please work on your fresh seafood selection - there was not much there to choose from.
But other than that, I am a big fan!
I'm sure I'll see you again real soon...

I love bargain shopping so I have a tendency to visit Frys and Albertsons instead, but I love the cleaniness of this Safeway and their selection of products and wine.
Although their regular prices can be a little high, they do have the best weekend deals and coupons in their Wednesday circular.
If you plan ahead, Safeway is definitely the way to go.
I now like waking up early on the weekends and collecting my deals.
It's always fun to see your percentage of savings.
My goal is to one day make it about 50 percent!

I really like Safeway because I think they have the best selection of what I like the most..they have all the items that I need including those more rare items that Frys, Albertsons, and Fresh and Easy will not have...the people that work there are always very helpful...one time a gentleman helped me find fig spread and veal for about 20 minutes...they didnt have it at their store but they found it for me at another store...that is great customer service...they have the best produce...its the freshest and they have the best selection!
I just wish their prices were a little better...but they have gotten much better compared to about a year or so ago!
I am now starting to clip coupons so hopefully it will make it that much better!

Many grocery stores to choice from in the Arcadia / Biltmore area, none compare to this Safeway though.
AJ's is pricier, Albertson's is laid out oddly and not as nice, Trader Joe's doesn't always have the savings or selection and Fry's is over-the-top ( Winebar?
In a grocery store?
)  Courteous staff, great selection, good savings and convenient location assist me in my monthly grocery habit.
Just stocked up again this evening for under $100.
Mangoes were priced at 2/$!

This Safeway is about like all the others, but one things sets it apart of me: the floral department.
While in a rush and in need of some balloons stat, I paid Safeway a visit.
I went to the floral department that was filled with some delightful plants and floral creations and I asked the lady if she could blow up some balloons.
Now I've been to one too many grocery stores where it can take 40 minutes to fill up balloons.
It's painful to wait and watch.
However, this is not one of those grocery stores!
The lady was very speedy with her balloon skills and when I commented on it, she said she's had some major practice.
Well, she's made a customer out of me and whenever I need balloons blown up in the future, I will choose this Safeway.
My only issue with it is that the balloons are a pretty penny to blow up ($.75).
I didn't realize helium cost so much!
I can buy a helium tank for $29 and save money but when I'm in a rush, I'll pick this Safeway!

If memory serves, this is the first Safeway I visited when I arrived in Phoenix.
I'd heard of Safeway but we didn't have them back east.
To me, Safeway is the higher-end of grocery stores in the area.
The place is clean and the employees are incredibly friendly for grocery store employees.
On nearly every visit, someone always asked if they could help me find something.
Whenever I did need help, they knew exactly where to go.
The produce is always neatly arranged, and there is an organic section.
The meat and seafood are good quality and the folks back there are quick to help.
Even in the wine section, I've been approached by some very knowledgeable staff there to help me choose something based on my tastes and whatever I was cooking that day.
The employees in the store seem to be the difference -- they act as if you're shopping at Neiman Marcus and treat you like that caliber of customer.
I don't physically frequent Safeways very much anymore, as I take advantage of their delivery service.
Place and pay for your order online and they bring it to your door!

Safeway grocery you suck.
First we had to get the stupid shoppers card now this horrible Safeway phone APP.
Are you kidding me?
It is easier to log into my bank account than your ridiculous phone coupon app account at Safeway.
First problem...The shopper card, the app and Safeway.com don't communicate with each other and the phone "help-line" is patronizing and arrogant.
Do I really need 3 accounts just to shop?
I don't think so!
Next, the twit in the produce department at the Indian School store had evidently gone to the same customer service training as the phone call center because she kept telling me to get help with "one of our App specialists" at the front desk.
News Flash for Safeway...
If it takes an App specialist the software IS NOT READY for prime time.
And I wanted lettuce for heaven's sake.
I did not want a technology lesson from a grocery store clerk!!!!
Furthermore, it takes a Captain Mid-Night decoder to figure out if the "savings" are for members translate as, the stupid card... OR the APP only specials or just normal in-store savings.
UGH.
I don't need grocery shopping to be this complicated.
I put my lettuce back on top of a case of cokes and walked out!!
Safeway, you should stick with groceries and leave the internet experience and downloadable apps to someone that can develop them.
I'll buy more and more from Amazon rather than this stupid place.
If I wanted to shop with my phone, I'd already be going to Amazon at least they understand how to make customers happy.
When I go into a bricks and mortar store, I just want to see the stuff and buy it.
I don't want to have to drag a computer (phone) app with me!
I'm so angry at Safeway that I'll be buying from Target.

Deli fried chicken is decent (when you are starving) and a good deal.
This is pretty much your basic Safeway.

