Honestly I'd have to give the place 4 1/2 stars if it were an option.
The pizza borders of great, but not quite there.
Still, you's have to drive a good distance and pay a lot more for better.
This place is our favorite neighborhood pizzaria hands down.
Amazing that the chains like Dominoe's can even survive in our neighborhood with Slice of Sicily here.
Give it a try!

What more can you ask for when you walk into this family run joint?
The food is great and there are tons of regulars that it almost feels like a mini version of "Cheers".
The white pizza is particularly fantastic!

I enjoyed a wonderful pizza here last night.
My toppings included black olives, mushrooms and artichokes.
My boyfriend enjoyed the baked ziti.
We have been driving past this place forever and always want to stop in.
Last night when we were decided what to do for dinner I said, let's have pizza and let's look on Yelp for a recommendation.
We decided that Slice of Sicily would be our choice based on closeness to our apartment and the good reviews it received.
We drive up and get a spot right in front!
Hooray for good luck!
There were only two people eating inside so we picked out a table and took a seat.
The tables were all red and white checkered and the walls full of Italian maps and posters.
The west wall was an interesting mural of an Italian landscape with bare trees and sunflowers.
The decor reminded me of how much I missed Italy.
We took a look at the menu, ordered and looked on the huge map of Italy next to us.
I asked Gary if he knew where I was born... he knew it was up north.
So I showed him, I also showed him the placed I lived in Italy and the place we are going to retire too.
He always laughs when I say that.
He doesn't know how serious I am!
Our waitress was nice and between her and the owner we got everything we needed.
The owner's family is from Sicily, but her mother was born in the states.
Our food was fantastic.
I no longer need to drive all the way to NYPD for New York Style Pizza, I can drive up the street to Slice of Sicily.
There was a nice steady stream of people in and out of the restaurant.
They do many to go orders.
They had many regulars.
We will definitely be regulars.
I would have given this place 5 stars but when we ordered two canolli's they went back to grab them and came out empty  handed.
They unfortunately were out of canolli batter.
We were a little disappointed but said we'd be back for more pizza and canolli another time.
I definitely recommend this restaurant if you like family owned pizza places and great New York style pizza.
I hope this review is beyond satisfactory to those who take this site way way way too seriously.
I tried to write a few more paragraphs, but there wasn't anything left for me to cover.

The food is great here!
From fried zucchini to pizza to chicken parmesan, you can't go wrong.
Their homemade garlic Italian salad dressing is nothing short of amazing.
The only cons here is the service is often slow and can be a little mouthy.
We've seen people walk out before ordering because of it.
Bring in your favorite bottle of wine and they'll provide the glasses.

This place really is a hole-in-the-wall joint.
I go with a friend from Brooklyn, NY.
He loves the Calzones.
I figure you can't go wrong with a Pizza joint that a Brooklynite loves.
Three things to remember about Slice of Sicily:  Hole in the wall.
Wise-ass service.
Try the Pizza wrap!

Slice of Sicily is our new lunch place!
It's perfect for a work break and they have a $5.70 lunch which includes a slice of pizza, a drink, and a salad - not too shabby, if I do say so myself!
I would not go there if I was: 1.
On a first date 2.
Wanting something healthy 3.
Hoping for great service (the lunch menu is on a chalkboard on the wall ... and if you ask for the lunch specials, they ask you to get up and look at the chalkboard) 4.
Lookin' to impress (unless you were impressing with your local knowledge....)  The pizza was great for a hole in the wall place, and it's definitely family owned!
We'll definitely keep going - mostly for convenience and value...

Every friday, my dad and I eat here.
We order the same thing... pizza wraps.
they are good and fillng.
iced tea hits the spot.
Typical strip mall pizza.

Bad attitudes from the workers, the food is not that great to put up with the mood of this place.
This isn't like the soup Nazi from Seinfeld.
Sometimes the place is open and sometimes it is not which makes for crappy business.

I will give S.o.S.
a 4 star rating for now for two reasons.
I have only tried two items from their menu.
The pizza and the cheese calzone.
Definitely a solid pizza and an awesome calzone.
The only downside is that it is a little bit small and fills up quick.
It's not a problem if you're doing carry out but if you're on your lunch break and want to sit down and enjoy your meal it can be difficult at times.
They have great lunch specials and all the typical dishes that you will find at a basic Italian joint.
Although I can't say for sure, if they make their dishes like their pizzas and zone's, I'm willing to bet they will be pretty solid.
I guess I will have to go back pretty soon and try on for myself!

There is one simple reason to go to Slice of Sicily besides the fact that the pizza is better than Mamma Mia's: the waitress is awesome.
A brassy skinned, raspy voiced spitfire of a straight-shit-bitch server will unhappily take your order, and bring it to your promptly.
You'll listen to her answer the phone with a sound that is a medley of Kathleen Turner, Diane Rehm with a touch of one of those women with a hole in their throat from smoking.
"GOOD AFTERNOON SLICE OF SICILY"  It's comical in the best way, and I both admire and respect this woman for running the tiny, four topped gem seemingly on her own and without regard for the comfort of her customers.
She is, in my eyes, sort of a bad ass.
Also, the pizza is not bad, the prices are fair, the salads taste fresh and the place is bright and welcoming with comfy hotel room art and a steady flow of people getting their orders to-go (perhaps to avoid my hero server).
I pay attention to the service, I do, and while normally I might scoff at her unpleasant attitude and smoker's voice, for some reason I find her, and this place, a fascinating destination for a cheap pizza lunch and an interesting experience.

I knew when I called Slice of Sicily for closing time (8pm for dine in, 9pm for carryout, closed on Sundays) this is where I wanted dinner.
When I asked for information a somewhat ear piercing, tone varied voice loudly gave me answers.
This was the real deal New York style pizza joint I was craving.
We arrived for a family dinner night about 7:20.
A few people were watching Dancing with the Stars while waiting for their to go.
Trying to transform a four top into a five top, a skinny, grey-haired  woman shuffled over to assist.
This was Donna, my new favorite Phoenix waitress.
We get seated, open the beers I brought (BYOB) and start ordering.
We shared some fried mushrooms and zucchini.
Decent but nothing special.
Pizza wise we got a meat lovers, veggie and white.
All three were great!
Fresh toppings, thin, crispy crust and cheesed to perfection.
Take note of the wall mural.
The farm house scene is very entertaining.
I had a small obsession with real wreath added on the painted door.
Donna definitely enhanced my visit.
She was sassy towards my bro-in-law considering he was outnumbered by the women surrounding him.
I liked that and so did he.
She gives it to ya straight.
Donna and my Mom hit it off.
I hope they become friends.

Try the Chicken Parmesan!
It's the best I've ever had?
Quite possibly.
When I worked in that area we would hit it for lunch once a week.
Donna is awesome in a take-no-shit-but-still-take-care-of-you kind of way.
She calls it as she sees it and I think that's great.
By your third visit she will most likely know what you are gunna order.
I can't comment on the rest of the menu as I've only ordered the Chicken Parm.
Yeah, it's that good.

Great New York style pizza.
I got slices to go which is so convenient!
This is def my new fave pizza place.

For me, it's all about the food.
This is the best pizza in Phoenix.
For me anyway.
This should have been picked on Best of Phoenix New Times.
Not that they need it, this pace is always hopping.
I am from Jersey and you're gonna get that Jersey feel there.
The waitress, (I think her name is Donna) makes me homesick every time I go or for pizza to go.
She is a true star.
She is part of the experience god bless her heart.
The pizza is perfect- the sauce is so important, ( for me, it can make or break the experience ).
The crust and cheese all blend and don't compete for flavors.
I gotta tell you, that first bite and the end of that slice is sublime.
Oh, and their calzones are huge.
I really should try their other stuff, but I need their pizza.
Bianco Shmianco.

Best Italian food in town.
Always great and entertaining service from Donna who has the ability to remember a customers preferences time and time again.
The chicken dishes are all very good but the pizza dough and calzones are truly the best you can find West of New York.
I can't justify going to another Italian restaurant in town because of the quality of the food.
Also - as it is a BYOB, you save a little money on drinks.
Simply the best of Phoenix.

not open at 8pm on a wednesday... no website.
dud for me :/ maybe ill get a chance to try it when it's actually open

I was working in Phoenix for a month and really wish I had found this place sooner.
By far the best pizza I have had in a really long time.
Good prices, relaxed atmosphere and good food.
What more could you ask for.
The owners made sure to greet us and came out to the table to check on everything.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the Phoenix area looking for some great NY style pizza!

Great pizza.
We've been searching for a reliable standby since we moved to Phoenix.
It hit the spot.
Better than the others in the neighborhood.

Oregeno - all NY pizza contains this spice gently flecked on top of the pizza.
Hardly any pizza places west of the Empire state building use oregeno and I have very rarely spotted this true symbol of NY pizza.
(except in shakers) Finally stopped into Sicily to get some pizza after seeing the photos on Yelp.
This turned out to be pretty good pizza.
It could use just a bit of the orange grease that is also a NY tradition, but otherwise it was a great effort to replicate the Big Apple Classic.
The cheese was not overwhelming, easily foldable and the cheese actually stuck to the sauce (sounds weird), but you just have to have eaten a million slices in NY to know what I'm talking about.
Only about $12 for a 14" cheese pie and even better and crispier when heated up.
I also tried a Chicken parmesan hero which was top notch containing nicely breaded cutlets nestled in a italian roll with plenty of tasty red sauce and a good dose of melted cheese on top which also had oregeno dusted in for effect.
THis is a really small pizzeria, but they are cranking out what so far has become the closest to NY style I have seen in Arizona yet.
Oh, they also have Natural parmesan cheese in packets, which is brown instead of white, another unusual twist - I'm guessing white parmesan has been unhealthly for all these years?
Anyway, white parm is better than its brown buddy.

Donna and Bill know how to keep us happy with the best pizza and calzones around.
You will always feel like you have stepped back east for lunch or dinner when you go there.
Casual and friendly atmosphere.

I cannot believe I've not reviewed this small, family-run joint.
Slice is tucked into a tiny mall on 38th street and Indian School, behind the ever-popular Bosa Donuts.
Slice has been cranking out pizza, wings and other italian specialities for well over the 20 years I've been going to this neighborhood place.
I've tried everything on the menu at one time or another, last night I was jonesing for lasagna.
I had to have a tasty lasagna, and Slice really delivered with the goods, all stuffed with sausage and ricotta and all tomato-y and melty with mozzarella and bathing in sauce.
This dish comes with a side of toasted garlic bread, a small loaf of Italian bread, drizzled with butter and herbs, garlic and parmesan, then toasted to perfection.
The wife enjoyed the Chicken Parmesan, which I can vouch for, is at least two meals and well worth it.
The small side salad is always fresh green-leaf lettuce, black olives and cucumber, with a side of creamy ranch dressing.
With the help of Slice, I've successfully trained my daughters to understand the difference between real pizza and those 30-minute delivery donks.
Our standard order has been a medium pizza with pepperoni and black olives, and a dozen hot wings.
A medium pizza here is larger than any large from a volume delivery place, and it comes with a delicious chewy outer crust, baked to perfection, with drippy cheese all over it.
It's best to dine in, so you get this disk of deliciousness right out of the oven.
mmmmmmmm.
Over many years, I've never been unhappy with this order, or with Slice.
The hostess, Donna is warm and friendly, and cares about her customers.
She really makes you feel like you just sat down in her dining room, welcome and inviting.
I always enjoy the light banter we share when I come in to pickup my order.
The dining room isn't fancy, but you are there for the food, not fancy linens.
This is food that will not disappoint, and when you leave, you will be taking any leftovers with you.

We prefer Pizza A Metro now.
Tastes great and catches you way off guard.
But we'll return on occasion to Slice of Sicily.
They still have a fun place and solid food.
They know our neighborhood, too, so if you want to keep it local, keep going to Slice of Sicily.

Delicious food and abusive service.
Best of NY.
Woo Hoo.

Ambient - Casual  Service - The waitress/ cashier/ owner is very attentive and considerate.
Treats you like family.
Food - Its good.
Although I'm not sure if they are cooking everything from their frozen state...
I once had their chicken parmasean and it tasted that way.
I've also had their spaghetti and ravioli, I enjoy their sauce.

I can't believe I waited so long to try this gem in my backyard.
Slice of Sicily blows any pizza chain out of the water!
Friendly service too, and love that it's locally owned.
I had the white pizza and it was delicious.
No skimping on cheese here.
The crust was perfect.
We also ordered the garlic twists.
I think next time I would just go with the pizza.
I will definitely be back and looking forward to trying some of the lunch specials.

Started the weekend off right with white pizza and Caesar salad delivered from Slice of Sicily.
We love to order the biggest size because any leftovers slices can be frozen....the slices are HUGE!
Then we just reheat the frozen slices when the mood hits us!
Of course it means we do not get to see Donna and Bill in person, but get to catch up and talk Cardinals by phone.

One of the best white pizzas I have ever had!
I can't believe I waited so long to try this place out!
I love the owners!
So nice and funny.
They hung out with us at our table and shot the shit for awhile.
I've been meaning to go back but my only grip about this place is their hours.
I usually don't get home from work in time to get here before closing!
But I will have to make time and go back soon for this awesome local restaurant.

The hostess/lady who took my order was very polite and created brief and pleasant small talk.
I ordered 2 cheese slices to go and my food was given to me within 5 minutes.
The price was reasonable.
The pizza was in my opinion slightly above average.
The restaurant itself wasn't the most charming and the location wasn't the greatest but not the worst either.
But for quick take out it was ok.
Giving it 3 stars.

Was looking for some pizza while in Phoenix for business.
I stumbled on this little place an wow!!
The service, atmosphere, and food were excellent !

This little Italian restaurant has great Pizza & wings the crust has a lite crunch to it, the sausage is sliced.
The Hot wings are just that hot, not like most places where hot is bland and mild.
atmosphere is casual...

I have to tell you when I think of Italian food I think of Slice of Sicily.
Two of my favorites are the baked ziti and the manicotti.
I like to visit here at least two times a month.
Donna the owner never meets a stranger and makes sure your needs are met while you are there.
You may want to try the garlic twists they are delicious but they go out the door fast.

I have been coming to Slice of Sicily since they opened for their delicious pizzas salads and calzones.
The portions are a good size with the calzone being definitely enough for two meals, fill it with your favorite ingredients for deliciousness.
We stop and fill a growler with beer then head on over to get the white pizza with chicken is my favorite!
Bill cooks up some great dishes and Donna keeps the dining experience fun and treats everyone like family.
They have both been in the business for so many years and know what they are doing.

More of a 2.5 but I'll give it three because the owner was nice.
She clearly knew almost everyone coming in and out of the place and had lots of repeat customers.
The place is dank and the plastic red table cloths are sticky.
The mural is very cheesy and now well-painted.
The owner is nice but I have smelled few people who emanate the smell of cigarettes more strongly.
It is awful and it made us feel a bit sad/depressed for her.
It made the place seem gloomier.
And it is NOT appetizing.
The cheese sticks were ok and the sauce served with them was passable.
The pizza was sort of ehhhh...The cheese quality was a bit low and the sauce just didn't work that well as a pizza sauce.
Crust was cooked well and had a bit of crisp on the bottom.
I would not come back here.
It was middling at best and a bit depressing.

Came in with my son and nephew.
Asked if I could add Chicken to a salad and first I was told no, and then I was told that I could but it would be  an additional 5.99 if I wanted chicken.
I have no problem paying extra for an addition however 5.99 is quite excessive.
Well I orders a medium cheese pizza for the boys and I will eat when I get home.
The customer service here was terrible.
It is no wonder the place was empty.
We will not be back and I will spread the word about what a great experience we had.

