I scream.
You scream.
We all scream... for ice-cream!
Or, so the saying goes... not so much at B & R on Camelback though... there are 2 big disappointing factors about this B &R.   1 - unfriendly employees...
I've been in on several occasions and not once have I seen an employee smile or be anything other than monotone.
2 - no soft serve.
So, it's fine to get a scoop or two, but honestly, I'd much rather drive the extra 20 minutes and go to Ice Tango!

Friendly, fast, clean.
Beeh here 3 times, kids always friendly and nice.

Can you sit there and say that you've never enjoyed one of the 31 flavors at Baskin Robbins?
I definitely can't.
In fact, I spent many afternoons during my childhood at my local Baskin Robbins enjoying flavors like Gold Medal Ribbon, Peanut Butter Chocolate, Mint Chocolate Chip and let's not forget about the season Bubble Gum flavor!
That was the best because you had gum to chew once you were done with the ice cream!
But moving on from my memories to my actual experience at this local Baskin Robbins.
I'm giving Baskin Robbins four stars because I know that I can walk in and order a delicious ice cream cake with an adorable decoration, whether it be a golfer, a suit with a tie, a Cars scene...you name it, they've got it!
This cake is an instant conversation starter, it's the perfect cake for a party and it's delicious with every bite!
You can choose any ice cream flavor, chocolate or vanilla cake and the cakes range from the smallest being around $16 to around $40 for the largest.
This includes the decoration.
Am I the only remaining person who makes it a point to order an ice cream cake for a special occasion?
Maybe, but I hope that others order them to because I don't know what I'll do if I don't have a Baskin Robbins to purchase a cute ice cream cake from!
(pictures attached!

Although I am totally disappointed in this store for maintenance and management, I wanted to give an extra star because the young man who was working there ALONE tonight kept his cool, was kind to the kids and was clearly working his tail off.
Management of this store should realize that they are losing business based on the appearance of the store and how the store appears to be managed.
But thank you to  the staff for grace under pressure.

I love Baskin Robbins because, well, heck, it has over 31 flavors!
I don't like to veer off from my "boring" Vanilla (as the hubs calls it), but I can't go to BR without getting their cookies and cream on a sugar cone.
There are so many other flavors there that are also quite tasty but I feel like I'm betraying cookies and cream if I try something else.

So the birthday boy and I went here the other night because he wanted to get his treat of a free scoop.
Unfortunately, we learned after driving out of our way to get here that they no longer honor birthday coupons.
I understand there is a cost associated with accepting the coupon, but it seems as though it would be a small one for loyal customers.
I think the company as a whole should accept a coupon or have a way of notifying people when they search for locations near them.

When kids beg for ice cream, and it sounds good to me too, I am happy to consider Baskin-Robbins as this is what I grew up with.
However, this store is a continuous disappointment.
We went on a Saturday night and there was only 1 young woman working there.
I felt bad for her as she was truly working hard to get orders out to the line.
They've "updated" the store but it doesn't seem any better, just different.
And, on the weekend before Christmas, they inexplicably did not have peppermint ice cream.

Wait.
What?
You're out of two flavors!?!?!
So, it's really Baskin-Robbins 29 Ice Cream Store, right?
This is the neighborhood go-to place for quick ice cream.
Ever since Arlecchino closed, this neighborhood has been sadly lacking in cold, tasty treats.
BR fills that need, except when they are out of your two favorite flavors.
No, I'm not comparing BR to exceptional Gelato, but BR is still there, and has been supplying the ice-cream need for my kids all their lives.
I think this was the first time ever they've been out of a flavor, let alone two.
Went with a bing-cherry flavor instead of the nutty coconut I always have.
It was good.
Better have some in the case next time!

Who Owns This Franchise??
The female manager (approx age 28) Dark Hair Sets a  Very Poor Example of Professional Leadership.
We were at this location recently late March on a Saturday at 2pm.
Only staffed by one high school male,, he was doing his best to work with each person standing in line.
A line of 10 at this point.
I noticed a woman, man and a baby sitting at the back table.
She caught my eye because all of sudden she went into the back and retrieved a frozen cake and walked it to the front where a customer was waiting.
After handing it off she then walk back through our line and sat down again with the man and baby.
The employee called out to her to ask a question.
She yelled back the answer.
After 17 minutes in line for two pints we asked the employee if that was his Manager (embarrassingly) he replied yes.
We suggested he get another job and fast!!
Gosh,,, Sam Fox is all over the place!!
This Managers choice, behavior, lack of leadership and responsibility is a disgrace to the working world.
Many people would love to have her job and "actually" work instead of spend time not helping out when needed.
NEVER AGAIN WILL WE SHOP HERE!

