Well, I love it here.
I love the fact that I can visit and have a lovely small meal while sitting quietly and either reading a book or NYT, studying or chatting with friends in a cozy little room.
And, feel appreciated for stopping through!
Additionally, if there's a foodstuff that I can't live without, I buy it.
Usually heirloom tomatoes.
Damn good stuff.

Excellent food, delicately prepared and presented with class in a gorgeous setting.
The atmosphere of the restaurant reminds me of a Lyonnaise or Aix-en-Provence cafe.
Frequented by more mature locals, it is quiet and composed, an excellent place for conversation.
It's a little rustic and by no means formal; the service is inviting and just standoffish in southern French fashion.
Best for smaller groups, no more than 4-6 people.
I've tried two dishes here, the Coq au Vin and the Salmon, and they both blow me away in terms of flavour.
The portions are intelligently small, and each meal comes with some of the best mini-croissants I've ever tasted and a rotating dessert.
The only fault I can find are the prices; at $7-$10 a meal, I feel almost obliged to use the tip keep from feeling guilty.
An absolute steal, hidden away.

Wonderful food, great ambiance, fabulous service!
This could be my new favorite place for breafast/brunch.
We both had the ham quiche and oh my was it ever yummy!
The mini-croissants and jam were just as good.
The complimentary chocoate cake with vanilla ice cream rounded out a perfect meal.
And the price can't be beat - $22 for two meals and drinks.
I'm heading back next weekend!

This little place adjoins the main restaurant, Vincent's on Camelback, by Chef Vincent Gerithault (sp?).
All simple and astonishingly delicious dishes.
I've had their salads, coq au vin, burgundy beef, salmon, specials, desserts, and not a dog in the bunch.
Service has been spot on.
Every time.
The atmosphere is "French country" and very comfortable.
When the bill comes, it almost appears to missing a digit - it's very affordable.
The whole place exists for the sheer purpose of sharing the chef's delicious, beautifully-presented meals.
The main restaurant is there to really showcase the Chef's true talent and should not be missed.
It's a great value as well, but expect to pay for a real meal.
One last thing, during the cooler months, the parking lot at Vincent's (Cmbk, West of 40th St) is turned into something like a farmer's market with a lot of delicious food served up.
It's very comfortable with a European feel and usually well-attended.
It's a great way to taste some great food.

This is one of those places I wish we could give 1/2 stars.
I would give this place 4 1/2 stars.
Really really good .
but not out of this world fantastic.
The pizza is on par and may be better than pizzeria bianco - plus not the 4 hour wait.
We walked right in - it is very cute and charming.
It is a great place to go when you want high end food without the high end hassle.

Their prix fixe menu gives almost unbelievable value on truly fine eats.
Truly fine.
And some nice-priced tasty wines.
Not for the real snobs, maybe (they go to the fancy end of the building), but this place is absolutely one of the best of the best - I'd give it 6 stars if I could, and I eat out a lot and in many different places.
Stop reading & get your tookis to Vincent's Bistro.

Absolutely delicious!
Best value for upscale restaurant in Phoenix.
Coq au vin was great.
Save room for the lemon soufflé crepe.
Waiter and service were terrific.

Welcome to Paris in the desert.
Je t'aime Vincent's.
Anything Vincent's does I love.
Whether it's the 5 star dining in the front, the market bistro in the back or the Saturday morning marketplace outside.
They really know how to frenchafy AZ.
I've been to Vincent's Market Bistro several times and most recently, last night for a friend's birthday.
The Market Bistro is the more intimate, kitchen style dining at Vincent's and actually my favorite way to dine there.
I walked in and immediately felt like I'd entered a cozy and intimate restaurant in the heart of Paris.
The food was cooking, the guests at the tables were laughing and having a great time and the waitstaff knew almost everyone by name.
The authentic french decor helped the cause as well.
When I hear the name Vincent's, I immediately think "oh yikes, here comes a pricey night," but the best part about it is that the market bistro keeps the evening at an incredibly reasonable price without losing the quality of food.
Are you ready for this?
I got the pre fix meal that began with a delectable crab cake on a salad with avocado garnish, followed by the lobster chimichanga and topped off with the chocolate tart which was really a chocolate souffle.
How much?
$20.
Only $20 my friends!
It was delicious.
With each savory bite, I became a little happier.
The wine by the glass was only $5-$6 dollars and at the end, the waiter brought us a couple additional desserts to make sure we tried them all.
Just what my waistline needed...but I had a bite, and I think the lemon tart is my favorite.
Vincent's Market Bistro has definitely been added to the rotation of favorite places to dine with character.
And when I walked outside and the heat hit my face, I didn't even mind because I had such a great time at Vincent's.

What a great way to get Vincent quality food for a nomial price.
They have a wonderful patio you can sit at, and the docor inside is fantastic as well.
Food was fantastic, as is to be expected.

This is my FAVORITE restaurant in Phoenix.
Cannot wait to go back.
Service, food and ambiance and price for what you get ( price fix menu) were great.
The only small issue was that it was really packed with people & some of the people in wheelchairs/walkers had a tough time getting through.
They even have a cookbook!

Gotta give it 5 stars.
I wouldn't change a thing about it, from the ambience to the server to the food quality.
To start, like a reviewer said before me, the valet parking does seem to be for the actual Vincent restaurant, rather than for the Bistro.
And yes, there is parking in the back.
**Another note**:  The Market Bistro only takes reservations for parties of 5 or more.
Two of us went at 7:00 on a Tuesday night and were seated immediately.
What we ate that we actually ordered:  Lobster bisque, salmon quesadillas, coq au vin, seafood skewers.
What the server brought-- for free for us to try-- which we ate but hadn't ordered:  The butternut squash ravioli, mini pumpkin chocolate brownie with ice cream on top.
(And of course the mini croissants at the beginning of the meal.
)  Everything we ate was beyond fantastic, with one exception-- the seafood skewers were a little bland.
Not "bad" by any means, just not as flavorful as seafood can be.
The real standout was the butternut squash.
Our second favorite was the salmon quesadillas.
EXCELLENT.
Even better:  our entire bill, including my friend's glass of wine and my soft drink, was $48!!
I will go back again and again.
(And to all you thriving young bucks, this would be the perfect place to take a first date-- classy and unique, yet unpretentious, with amazing food and a manageable cost.
Score!

My experience at Vincents was truly excellent.
I went in the middle of the week during a decently busy time and was seated very quickly at a nice table for two near the back.
I have never been to France but I think that this is what it would feel like.
Great decor, wine bottles being opened frequently, and excellent food that I can't pronounce.
I had the Duck Confit and loved it.
The duck had a nice skin on it and it was presented on top of a bed of lentils that complimented the richness of the Duck very nicely.
The house salad was crisp and fresh and the dessert, which was brought out for free, was a delight.
Had the privilege of meeting both the manager and the head chef and can say that both are wonderful people who are passionate about giving great experiences and great food.
Be aware that there are no reservations for small parties but I can't think of a better place for a great date that won't break the bank.
Be sure to check out their website for a list of what is on the menu because it does change from time to time.

Great spot for excellent food at excellent prices.
Portions are on the small but sufficient size, helping keep the prices in line.
Try the $20 three course dinner.

This place is outstanding!
Great deal for french country bistro food.
Very reasonable pricing, $20 for 3 course menu or order a la carte even cheaper.
I am the youngest person in there by about 40 years every time I go but I don't care, I don't know anywhere else in the valley that has the same combo of charm, service, food quality, and cheap prices as this place.
Is the food culinary magic?
NO, but who would expect it to be at $20 for 3 courses?
Are portions huge?
NO, but you can't even get out of cheesecake factory at that price (not that I'd want 3 courses at cheesecake, but you get the idea...).
Unfortunately word is getting out and it is getting more and more crowded every time I go!!
Great part is they will sometimes allow overflow to sit in one of the actual Vincent's dining rooms which instantly expands seating!

On a Sunday morning in phoenix, you are often left thinking about the fact that a good breakfast is neither close nor available.
In fact, you could sum up the valleys breakfast nooks as vacant or un found.
There is one beacon of breakfast hope that can be found in the central corridor, and Vincents be thy name.
Obviously Vincents is a culinary staple in the valley that is known far and wide and adorned by all.
What is somewhat unknown to valley foodies is that right behind the main Vincents restaurant sits "Vincents Bistro.
"  What does that mean to the food masses?
The best price point in the valley on fine dining in a great setting.
Before you engage the menu, make sure to enjoy the house made croissants and butter, this little treat will get your senses going in the right direction.
The menu at the Bistro is not complex(neither is the main dining room), but has staples such as Vincents famous smoked salmon quesedilla($10) and main lobster with handmade basil pasta($14).
The Bistro has a daily prix fixe menu that uses the following methodology.
An appetizer of choice, a main entree of choice and dessert.
The price tag is never greater than $20 for the prix fixe and I challenge another restaurant in the valley to beat it.
Choices can range from prime new york steak, to lamb chops to a wonderfully cooked piece of fish.
What are the cons?
Good luck coordinating a take out order with the normal busyness of the operation.
Wait times for pick up can range from forty-five minutes to over an hour.
If you feel like your caught in the middle of a whirlwind circus when picking up your order, don't worry, that's just the normal pace.
In 1982 Vincent Guerithault catapulted Arizona into the beginning phases of the culinary elite the other larger metropolis cities were already enjoying.
Now, thirty years later, he has done it again with the Bistro.
I applaud Vincent and his family on their success and longevity in the valley culinary circuit.

This place is absolutely amazing!!!
The food was outstanding, the portions perfect, and the service excellent!
Can't wait to go back soon :)

I know I don't live here anymore, but I remember hitting up Vincent Market Bistro on the weekend after a nice hike up Camelback.
This is a great place to just come, relax, and enjoy a nice weekend  brunch.
The food is fresh and outstanding, and as always, the service is perfect.
Great place to take people who are in town visiting for a truly exceptional meal.

Id love to share with you my new go-to date night spot.
It's filled with so much charm and romance we both were simply glowing with post dinner elation.
The place, Vincent's Market Bistro is the scaled down version of the fine dining classic Vincent's of Camelback.
It's funny that a place like this is so well hidden without even a hint of signage beyond a sandwich board on the street.
Just look for the main Vincent's sign and follow it around back to the Market Bistro entrance, they're housed in the same building.
Chef and owner Vincent Guerithault keeps the menu decidedly French with hints of Southwestern flare that he's so famous for.
You should look this guy up; he's got some accolades including a James Beard award under his belt.
Does kudos translate to good cookery, you bet!
For one of my favorites, be sure to look for the Curly Endive Salad ($9) with mustard dressing, bacon, and a poached egg.
I saw it, I ordered it, I swooned over it.
A well balanced ratio of salty, sweet and sour then fresh cracked pepper completes the equation.
Pizza offerings are done well with a tender pale crust that seemed more akin to pastry then to your typical chewy crispy offering.
Tarte Flambée ($8) was topped with a light cream sauce, bacon, onion and thyme.
Another pork laden pizza was the Caprese ($8) topped with pesto, arugula, mozzarella and prosciutto.
I just wished that the greens were put on after cooking instead of before.
For dinner you'll find classics including the cooked in its own fat Crispy Duck Confit ($16) with lentils and bacon, sensing a porky theme here?
The tender mallard leg was succulent and intense in flavor while the lentils performed well by countering the richness of the meat.
For something a little bit lighter, I use that word loosely, order up the Coq au Vin ($10).
Red wine braised chicken served atop gratin potatoes were hearty and comforting.
Vincent's Market Bistro also offers a $20, 3 course Prix Fixe menu.
On my last visit delights were abound with the likes of creamy Butternut Squash Ravioli, Rainbow Trout and a scrumptiously sour Lemon Tart.
This has to be one of the best deals in town that I know of.
I mean really, food from a James Beard award winning chef at these prices is unheard of.
Great food, good prices and excellent service all set in a romantic atmosphere, well; there is one caveat, the hours.
Vincent's Market Bistro closes at 8pm, so plan on eating early.
We arrived around 6pm on a Saturday night and by 7pm the place was completely filled.
Be sure to check their website for times including breakfast, brunch and lunch.

We went here late, about a half hour before close.
The place was packed and the only table available was on the patio.
We kind of stood around and they told us we could sit there if we wanted to.
We sat down, but there were still other people waiting who apparently didn't want to sit outside.
I don't know if we were hard to see or if its just because they were busy, but we waited at least 20 minutes before anyone came to our table.
I ordered the prix fixe (butternut squash ravioli, beef brisket, and some eclaire type dessert that started with a p).
My girlfriend had the pizza with bacon.
I don't know if its because it is a european style restaurant or what, but every course took forever, it took us two and a half hours to have dinner.
My squash ravioli in creme sauce was amazing, but there were literally only two of them.
The croissant basket that we received was ok, they were a little burned.
The beef brisket was awful.
It was soaked in some kind of sauce that reminded me of gym socks.
I would not order it again.
The veggies on the side were lightly cooked, very little seasoning, and very fresh, these were great.
My girlfriend said her pizza was ok, but not anything special.
The dessert is what really stole the show.
I have no idea what mine was called (it started with a P and was really long, I couldn't pronounce it), but dear god it was amazing.
I could have eaten a meal of just that.
They did bring my girlfriend a small brownie with ice cream as well, which she appreciated.
I don't know if we would go back if this is a typical dinner experience.
Maybe just get dessert to go.

This review is for their croissants!
I LOVE THE WAY THEY TASTE!!!
The food is just OK nothing special.
Another great thing about this place is their free desert that they give you at the end of your meal!

This place is fantastic!
There is a reason it has been around as long as it has!
I have nothing bad to say about this place... At all!
The service was fantastic.
The food left me wanting to lick my plate.
The goat cheese nachos were to die for, the lamb chops ere some of the best we have had.
The wine was intoxicating and when we mentioned it was our first time there the waiter brought us out a couple different desserts to try!
I will go back again, and again, and again!!!!!

You can't beat a $20 per fix menu in a bistro.
BTW it was yummy, excellent sauces.
However, if you are on the diet, this is not a good place for you, they use lot and lot of cream

I live in the neighborhood, and so I have had the good fortune of having Vincents Market Bistro in my backyard.
Without exageration I have probably eaten here at least 50 times over the years and have NEVER had a disappointing meal.
From the egg-in-a-hole for breakfast to the lovely Coq au vin , lamb shank, or Beef Bourguignon for lunch or dinner the menu is always rich.
My Top 5 Reasons I Love Vincent's Market Birsto  ~ Lovely lovely food.
Way way above the ordinary.
~ Price.
You can expect to pay $7 - $10 bucks a plate.
~ Location.........40th & Camelback ~ Service.
Always cordial, and always snappy.
Always  ~ Free desert.
Usually a small slice of fruit tart with a scoop of vanilla ice cream.

I love this place.
It has the perfect lunch portions, atmosphere and menu.
I think it would be hard to find a better place for lunch.
Yum!

Last Thursday, my husband and I visited this establishment and were pleasantly surprised.
The staff were well trained and didn't falter even when there were a lot of demands on them from hungry customers.
The croisants that were served rather quickly were warm, buttery and very hard to resist.
We both chose the Prix Fixe dinner.
My husband had the mushroom raviolis which were served in a rich sauce and were very flavorful.
I had the caesar salad which was a little larger than I expected, but it could have used a little more dressing.
The lamb dinner consisted of four perfectly prepared chops, along with potatoes  dauphinois and snap peas.
For our dessert course I chose the Profiterole which is a tower of small, ice cream filled puff pastries.
This was good.
My husband ordered the peach tart and was somewhat disappointed.
The peaches were not as tender as they could have been.
This may have been due to re-heating the pastry.
My husband and several of the "regulars" we spoke to agreed that Vincent Market Bistro serves some of the best lamb served in the valley.
On our next visit, we will arrive around 5:30 instead of 6:30 to avoid the crowd.
The regulars park just to the west of the Bistro when the free parking spots are filled.
The wine can be a bit pricey so check the price before ordering.
Be prepared to be in rather tight quarters with a rather high noise level.
We will be back!

Visited Vincent's today with a local resident.
Ate breakfast out on the patio.
It was delightful.
They were willing to make an omelet for me that wasn't on the menu.
Very impressive and I would go back.
Service was outstanding.

This is a great spot for a date, and the price is right!
Unique dishes and atmosphere.
Great specials and free desert.
I also can't say enough about the service.
Our server gave great recommendations and brought out 3 different deserts at the end of the meal.
To be honest, I had to think twice about posting a review of this place for fear that it's going to become too popular.
But I would give them 6 stars if I could.

I love Vincent and Leevon!
I have been going here for at least 8 years and feel like I am at home every time I return.
The hot chocolate is magnificent.
The spinach quiche is the best I have ever had.
Coq Au van is my all time comfort food.
It is so savory and tender.
Allow yourself time to relax and enjoy your meal if you can.
Other wise it is still worth it just to pop in for a bite.

Wow!
Great food, great wait staff, not an overpriced menu.
It really couldn't get any better.
I had the BEST cheese platter that I ever had.
Speechless.
I can't wait to go to their other restaurant.
One of the best experiences that I've had in awhile.

We visited Vincent Marker Bistro for the second time this week.
The first time we went was this past March.
The food was so good.
I had the lobster bisque for a starter and coq au vin for my main.
My partner had the same starter and beef bourgogne for her main.
We both had profiteroles for dessert.
Yummy!!
Everything was spot on.
Our only complaint last March was that it was so hot in the restaurant, I almost had to leave.
We gave them a pass because we thought it was kind of between seasons so we thought maybe they just weren't ready to turn the air on yet but really, it was way too hot!
So, we decided to give it another try.
We ordered the tart flambé and e goat cheese nachos for starters.
They were both out of this world, so good.
For mains, I again ordered coq au vin and my partner ordered mussels and frites.
The coq au vin was a little dry this time around but we were there at the end of the evening, so... Not really a good excuse.
I was totally looking forward to the profiteroles but instead, we didn't get the chance to order them.
They brought us out a brownie with ice cream.
It was good but def not the profiteroles, those are amazing, maybe they ran out.
Here's the kicker, it was beastly hot again, even the servers were sweating like crazy.
They seemingly had the air on but not high enough.
It was miserable, so while the food was great and def worth repeated visits, I can't take the heat so I'll sadly have to stay out of their kitchen.
Please Vincents, get the air working, so I can come back.
Food was a little hit or miss but mostly hits.
The apps were def worth a repeat visit.
I'm def torn between a 3 and a 4 but then food is really a 4.

Very nice place.
Quaint little dining room next to the formal Vincent's.
Their brunch menu is very small but great!
Prices are shockingly low and every table gets croissants and jam.
The chef brought us over a dessert sample just because.
Great weekend brunch or lunch option.

BEST VALUE DINING IN PHOENIX  We always go for the 3 (like 4) course menu ($22) and shared  Cesar salad that was big crisp ,fresh with house made croutons followed by butternut ( 3 bigger sized ) squash raviolis ( so tasty piping hot in tasty flavorful sauce)   I had a combo platter of sole , arctic char , vegetables and seasoned rice.
Everything on my plate was absolutely delicious , both fish were so fresh and cooked so perfect , the assortment of vegetables were hot and crisp .
This dish came with rice and it was one of the best rice dishes I have ever had out !
My husband had the filet mignon cooked to a perfect medium rare with a peppercorn sauce , fresh vegetables and  potatoes au gratin .
We still had room for the dessert that was soon to come since the dinner proteins ARE VERY SMALL  (I DO note VERY SMALL ) but it is small done right , with vegetables and a starch side .
A waiter surprised us with THREE  mini desserts cheesecake , strawberry cobbler and the yummiest lemon tart with a mini scoop of raspberry sorbet.
( he just gave us an extra I think )  Easy on your wallet and also your stomach .
It was so nice the perfect portions , you could eat a lot without feeling like you ate too much .
Wine is priced reasonable.
Service has always been very good .

This place is quaint!
The service was to die for, and the food was very good.
I will definitely be back for more.
Look out for the coffee, its strong!

This is the place to be!
They have great food and excellent service!
It has a cozy ambience and their staff is very accommodating and friendly.
Their food is very much affordable and it will surely delight your taste buds!

There are a few things I LOVE about this place.
It's very quaint, they serve you warm, buttery homemade croissants with jam when you sit down, plus at the end of your meal, you get a complimentary dessert - which is different every time and is always delish.
It keeps me coming back!
I've been here a few time for breakfast and lunch.
I absolutely love their omelets - super fluffy!
I've yet to find anything I love on their lunch menu, but nothing is bad either.
Next time I go, I hope to go for dinner and try their pizza.
I come here often with my boyfriend who loves the croissants and dessert too - but it's the perfect place for a lunch with your girlfriends.

I really like the ambiance here for breakfast but the service is TERRIBLE and they are always out of staple items, like English Breakfast tea.
I had a morning business meeting breakfast here, paid the bill and tipped 20%.
I asked for more tea and got charged again, okay, fair enough.
I paid the additional bill but did not tip again on the $2.50, the waiter followed me outside and confronted me about why I didn't tip again on the second bill as I was standing with my client.
Tacky.
Also, they need to step up the menu.
The menu is limited and not prepared very well, which is a shame, because it has a great Euro Cafe type of environment.

This was my 1st time here for Sunday brunch with 4 gf's and as you know when girls get together for brunch there are 2 staples talking and pagne.
Both were flowing for 2 hours and never once did we feel rushed.
Our drinks were never empty, we got 2nds of the delectable mini croissants and I didn't want to leave.
I ordered the egg in a whole while my friend next to be had the panini.
Both tasted light, fresh and not too large on the portion size.
I will be coming back!!

This place has a great atmosphere - European feel, cute, quaint, not too stuffy.
Great place for a date.
The prices aren't bad and the food is good, although the portions can be small.
How amazing the food is really depends on the menu of the evening, though I have not had anything bad.
Everything has been at least good, and some things excellent.
Service has also been great.
Plus, I like the prix fixe menu.

This last week, I had my girlfriends surprise birthday party at Vincent's Market Bistro.
The food, the atmosphere, and the service were all great.
As everyone else mentioned, the croissants they serve are delicious, and very euro like.
The menu is somewhat limited, but they also had a pre fixe menu for dinner which is a great option as well.
The atmosphere is very cozy, and has a great euro feel to it.
What I was most impressed with was the service.
Our waiter was very knowledgable and patient.
But the thing that really sealed the deal was the cute little birthday dessert they made for my girlfriend, only to be shortly followed with a similar complimentary plate for everyone else at the table.
We will definitely be coming back!

Wonderful French Bistro Ambiance.
Best Short Ribs in Wine Sauce I've ever had--was on Fixed Price All-In menu (Got 'em with Spinach rather than potatoes.
) If you speak French, say Bon Soir to Chef; he'll love ya.

Absolutely love this place!
French bistro food at a reasonable price - gratis dessert and croissants.
Simple, casually elegant, a little noisy - and by all means yummy.
Its really hard to not like the offerings.
This gets 5 stars for filling a really awesome niche in Central Phoenix.

I was being treated to a Mother's day dinner by my younger Sis, along with my older Sis.
Vincents was the perfect place to go.
The lobster bisque = 10 stars!!
It was soo amazing!
Rich, sinful, oohhh....  Tomato and cheese salad also, very wonderful.
The olive oil was the best I have ever tasted.
I had the lamb shank, and it was cooked perfectly, the potatoes were good, but the sauce threw me a little, I don't know how or why, but it was like the same smell as spaghetti-Os sauce!!
haha!
I know it obviously was not, but that is how my brain registered it.
My older Sis had the duck with bacon lentils, she was in heaven.
My younger Sis had the Pizza/Tarte with bacon, thyme and onions, it was very very very good.
I would go back for that and the bisque and the salad.
The deserts were good, not great, but a nice sweet way to end our meal.
I liked the peach tart.
The service was some of the best as well, honestly, they made our meal more enjoyable.

What a great find!
Have been here 2x (for breakfast with parents) and 1x for dinner on Friday night.
The best part is unlimited croissants!
Yum!
Service is fast and quick.
Space is tight, but adds to the ambiance.

Had a lovely brunch here.
Lovely omelet with ham and Gruyere cheese.

I read a lot of reviews for this place and I get a little perturbed.
Slow service, overpriced, terrible wait staff......
When really people should be realizing this is not an American restaurant.
This is a French bistro that happens to be in America.
European style dining is extremely different than the American mentality of sit down, order your food, eat it and then leave.
And if you want a larger menu, go to Denny's.
No, no, no, my dear friend.
Dining in Europe is an experience and one that is used to build relationships around the dinner table and to make memories.
The service is slow for a reason.
It will give you time to talk to each other.
Enjoy the croissants.
Look at the menu without having to tell the wait staff you need more time.
This is closer to real customer service.
When I come here, I know I need more time and I plan for it.
The food is exquisite.
Perfect sized portions and perfect taste every time.
I did not realize that I actually like butternut squash soup until I came here.
Having brunch here is great also.
Each meal is finished off with more complimentary food.
Whatever the kitchen decided to make that day for dessert with one scoop of refreshing ice cream.
If I were to give one criticism of this place it would be the parking.
There is just not enough of it sometimes because the other foodies will agree that this place is worth it.

I found this little Bistro quaint.
It is decorated as if you were in the French countryside; its colors, textures, the rough white stone brick wall, delicate wooden chairs, paintings of French countryside themes, and delicate flowers on the plates all left me with the feel I'd really walked into a rustic little French Bistro.
We dropped in for a late breakfast and as soon as we chose our table, they brought us mini croissants and strawberry preserves that were quite lovely.
I ordered an asparagus quiche that was golden brown on top.
The eggs were done perfectly and I believe there were some sundried tomatoes in it.
Accompanying it was a salad of tossed greens with light vinaigrette which was heavenly.
My brother ordered the cheese & fruit plate which he said was delicious.
The thin little slices of bread were toasted to perfection and he was pleased with the overall arrangement.
I wish we'd had time to come back for lunch or dinner but I was only here for 4 days working on assignment so it will have to wait for my next visit.

Pro:  value, charm, quality, independent  Con:  haven't found one yet....  Sleeper alert.
Great breakfast, well-priced served with a smile.
Ditto for dinner.
Simple, relatively healthy comfort food.
Good Euro feel to it but not overkill.
Nice change of pace from the generic chains.
Well worth a try for a quiet couples dinner or breakfast with the kids--they can draw, play hangman etc on the butcher paper table top.
Comp.
rolls to start and dessert to finish with breakfast.
Nice touch.

We like to go our of our way to try and find F&B venues of all types; from the down and dirty, the hip and trendy, the cosy and quaint to the greasy and Pepto Bismally......
But I'm always intrigued when we arrive to a new town, to see where locals like to go and eat.. now usually, that really does mean a take out burger joint or a greasy spoon.
But in the case of the vast Phoenix sprawl with its inorganic population growth, (basically it's three major cities shoved into one) you've got an ever evolving diaspora of generational clusters with it's own microcosm of habitual norms...
The easiest way to observe the human condition is in it's eating habits; we had the pleasure of staying in the Scottsdale area this time, where an intimate little outpost of a Bistro bustles like a hive, hidden away from it's older, larger sibling, Vincent's on Camelback.
Click below to read more...
When you're on Camelback Rd, you likely to see Vincent's on Camelback first facing the street.
It's an older, established restaurant in Scottsdale which has slightly faded from the limelight, with a loyal following of astute and mature clientele who enjoy French Cuisine.
Veering right into the driveway, you're bound to think that you would be entering into the main building (there's really no defined indication on navigating this place) but Vincent's Market Bistro is actually a separate venue all together with it's own quaint casual identity.
Actually, it's a tricky venue, the awning and front foliage is the only indication of it's presence and with a side entrance, it's hard to see inside to confirm that it's open...
But once inside, you see a whole different world...
It's by definition, a quintessential Bistro from Provence; Venetian plastered walls drenched in Sunflower Gold, color ridden tablecloths with Wooden chairs and mirrored ceiling with stencils and faux wood beams; this restaurant is the Disneyland of Bistro hodge podge...but I like it a lot!
What really got me at hello was the plate of home baked Croissants with Strawberry Jam delivered to our table; not entirely Bistro protocol, but at that point, who cared?
I mean, is there any wrong occasion for buttery Croissants??
It was devoured immediately, only to be refilled instantaneously, like a buttery Croissant Genie popped and gave us three wishes!!!
What was true to it essence was the menu: I found old favorites like Coq au Vin and Country Quiche.
And the price point was definitely not French!
The Coq au Vin was too irresistible to pass up, and when it came to our table, it delivered as promised; a wonderfully rich Bourgogne sauce covered Chicken leg on top of an equally decadent mound of Mashed Potatoes.
With portions that would satisfy the French diet, the rich dish sated our American belly...  And looking at the other tables, it seemed that it did equally well around the room...   And what would be a price fix course at Vincent's without our knowledge, a complimentary dessert arrived.
It was really cute actually, the whole experience-kinda felt transported into the surreal Hybrid of French American cuisine...  All in all, Vincent's is a great place for Lunch where you can escape the brutal Phoenix sun and stay, cool and relaxed in the French countryside for the afternoon.
Ratings (Out of FIve Stars) Food:                  2.75 Ambience:          3 Service:              2.5

Not exactly French food, but very satisfying.
Huge meatballs and a seriously tasty burger for a fair price will have my friends and I return.

Amazing croissants as always!
I liked the feel of the place.
The menu had great options, and I liked that there were many specials as well.
We got the cheese ravioli and the shrimp crepes.
Both were good!
Our favorite was the corn and avocado spread on top of the crepes.
The prices were great!

...the Saturday Market is awesome - except for the baked goods from Vincent's.
A $2.50 Almond Croissant that was 1/2 the size of my palm, lacking in flavor, and ice cold?
No.
Sorry.
No.
As a matter of fact, it was the worst almond croissant I have ever eaten.
The bread pudding was slightly better and the duck and pork tamales are actually quite good.
The overall "Saturday Market" is a nice place, but the products from Vincent's Market Bistro only make me wish I'd have just gone to Tammie Coe, La Grande Orange, or so many others instead.

Great Sunday breakfast after church.
The staff is friendly and was great with my daughter.
Croissants are yummy and my daughter loved the cookies after the meal.

we were going to give la grande orange a whirl on sunday for breakfast but the noise and confusion chased us away so we look at are yelp on the old smart phone and saw vincents was open for breakfast ....score a nice quaint charming spot free mini crosants moist with butter a good menu and delightful service we will return for dinner and breakfast again soon

French restaurant.
Friendly atmosphere, food is ok.
Nothing fancy or delectable.

We came here for both lunch and dinner on a Saturday.
Both meals were excellent and the service was impeccable.
It was hard to decide what to order.
Everything looked so good.

Vincent's market on Saturdays is packed full of wonderful gifts to purchase & oh the food...my crepe I am told was made by Vincent's son ...perfect savory brunch!
Friends had two different fabulous soufflés  wow..they nailed it!!
Tried the top of a pizza - beautiful thin crust yet very garlicky.
Overall great job!

Sure you'll have to deal with the surly old Paradise Valley women that prowl the tables and the service takes a long moment to warm up but there aren't too many dinners that offer as much for the value.
Great French inspired dining at a reasonable price.
The croissant freebies are a great way to win loyal customers.
The Prix Fixe menu is the best way to sample the menu.

This time I was unsure between four and five stars but it was close so I went with five because most times everything is usually nailed.
It is very hard to pass on the Prix Fixe $25.00 three course menu and both of us went with it again.
It's kind of fun to get the whole caboodle for only $25.00 and so what if it isn't a hipster crowd that dines here as we were the only non Senior Citizens here who cares!
They start you off with warm fresh buttery flakey miniature croissants.
We shared a nicely presented Beet and goat cheese napoleon that was garnished with walnuts.
Next we shared very earthy mini mushroom raviolis garnished with fresh tarragon.
I went with the beef tenderloin with green peppercorn sauce.
The beef was tasty and tender but petite (my guess is two oz.
) the sauce was rich with butter and brandy but did lack a pepper taste and salt but was very tasty as is.
The vegetables were hot fresh and crisp.
The labor intensive potatoes dauphinoise were creamy and garlicky and maybe a little heavy handed with the garlic this time but still good.
My husband went with the lobster and he said it was cooked perfect.
They called my dessert a raspberry pots de cream, it was a rich custard studded with raspberries and did have a thin layer of caramelized sugar.
The chocolate mousse was rich with chocolate.
This place isn't for everyone because of the petite proteins gives you that is a French Style of eating feel.
But in my opinion it is petite done right.
You don't need a lot along with everything else and the rich sauces.
This place is a Winner!

I had been meaning to try Vincent's for such a long time, and today was the day.
So many people had mentioned how lovely the brunch menu is here...
I am happy to say that we have found our new favorite breakfast / brunch destination!
Vincent's has the best brunch menu in all of the Valley--hands down.
We started with the four tiny croissants and jam that our friends had mentioned were so delicious (they were!).
My boyfriend had the lobster quiche which arrived with a side of greens and I ordered the tomato, basil, and mozzarella omelette.
We also shared cinnamon raison brioche which came to us warm, full of raisons, with a perfectly "eggy" taste.
Everything was absolutely wonderful and our only concern was that we couldn't possibly finish everything they had brought!
The prices are considerably lower than what you'd expect to pay for such a delightful meal.
:-)  My boyfriend commented that this is the best brunch spot he's found since he left New York.

Reliving my summer in France, I have been sampling French cuisine around the valley.
Found this quaint little bistro that is so charming.
The ambiance is spot on French country.
The colors, furnishings, paintings and flowers on the plates made me feel like I was in Provence was more.
Stopped in for a late breakfast.
The mini croissants and preserves were wonderful.
Ordered a quiche that was absolutely perfect with such lovely flavors and served with a wonderfully light salad.
I can't wait for my next visit to the French countryside of the Vincent Market Bistro.

You know that little, lesser-known, hole-in-the-wall, amazing restaurant that you wish you could think of on a beautiful Saturday or Sunday morning, to spend your entire morning at, enjoying the weather, sipping fantastic coffee with impeccably made pastries (croissants!
), rich béchamel sauce on some incredible egg dish and a waiter that just brings you randomly delicious things that you didn't order (and he doesn't charge you for!
) because he had them in the back and just thought you might like them?
Well, you found it.
This is the "little secret place" you take your out of town friends to.
This is the place you lose track of time at with your good friends, laughing and eating the whole morning away until you leave stuffed, totally happy and ready to relax and enjoy the rest of your day.
Love this place.
Easy to recommend.
We have wandered in on Saturday and Sunday anywhere between 9 and 11am and never had an issue finding a seat.
Very casual experience.
Start with a cappuccino, enjoy the fresh hot croissants for a while, maybe get a chocolate one (dear god, so good), maybe another cup of coffee, order some breakfast, talk, laugh and just enjoy.
Then be shocked at the end of this beautiful meal when the bill comes, and it is no more than any other breakfast place and the owner probably didn't even charge you for some of the items just so you'd have a better experience (happened every time we've gone).
Vincent's place has a really wonderful/relaxed energy that is all about enjoying your day and we do every time we go.

This place is a solid 5 Stars in my book.
We took our N. Scottsdale friend here for her Birthday Dinner based on reviews from some friends on Yelp and were blown away with every aspect of this Beautiful Market Bistro.
Once you find the entrance and park your car you walk up to a colorful patio decorated like you would see in a French painting by Claude Monet.
You notice everyone there enjoying themselves with a glass of fine wine and a table full of tasty goodies.
The inside is interestingly charming and colorfully decorated in the same eloquent fashion.
Nice.
We got there early to avoid the crowds and it was perfect.
We were also greeted instantly and told to sit wherever we wanted.
The server showed up faster than if I had a magic wand.
He informed us of the specials while he got our drink orders going as well as bringing us a complementary plate of some of the best tasting buttery croissants I have ever had before.
We asked a few questions and he happily answered us with no hesitation and was most informative.
We started with the Smoked Salmon Quesadilla with Dill & Horseradish Cream for $10 and it was delicious.
For entrées, the ladies ordered Sautéed Salmon with Herb Rice and Basil Beurre Blanc for $12.50 and Beef Bourguignon with Mashed Potatoes for $14.
I selected the Seafood Skewer with Pesto Sauce and Scalloped Potatoes for $13 off the specials menu.
We were all amazed at how nicely the vegetables were cooked just right.
The fresh ingredients, textures and flavors were spectacular with all the dishes.
Could not help asking for another plate of croissants to sop up all the extra juices and sauces since I was told by the wife not to lick the plate.
When we thought we were done the server brings each of us a small plate of flourless chocolate cake topped with a mini scoop of vanilla ice cream and a drizzle of chocolate syrup.
Yummo!
We had such a great time there and the bill was very reasonable for the quality of the food and the friendly service we received.
We will definitely be coming back again sooner than later.
Fantastique!

Cute small place, don't bring a big group in because it just messes up atmosphere in there.
It is a small group place.
A nice date night even.
The serve nice freshly made croisants which are bad news for me because that is my favorite carb... :\   To be honest i forget what dish i had when i was here.
My wife had a pizza and soup.
Mine was delicious i remember that.
What it was actually eludes me...
I thought the dish was going to be small, but food is plentiful here, as long as you aren't a college age'd guy, or training for a eating contest, you will most likely be satisfied (not full) here after dinner..
They gave us ALL free desserts at our table!
really nice of them

I read about this place in food and wine or bon appetit so I made a point to try when I was in Phx.
It did not dissappoint.
I came for brunch.
I had the nicoise salad and a glass of rose.
perfecttly tasty

The Prix Fixe $25.00 Three Course Menu is so darn desirable it's hard to order  something else but I went with the specials and it was only $19.00 for THREE GREAT COURSES!
They start everybody off with these indulgent mini warm flakey buttery croissants.
One of the soups of the evening was called Chilled Heirloom Tomato Soup.
It consisted of not one NOT TWO but THREE small dishes of different high end Heirloom tomatoes Red, Yellow and Orange.
Each soup was chilled and each soup was very velvety but each one was seasoned in a different way.
That was certainly a BIG WOW for only $6.00.
My husband ordered off the menu and had the Three Cheese Tartine.
It's like a French open Faced Garlic Bread with Melted Cheeses and Pesto.
They were very yummy and the plate came with a generous fresh mixed green salad.
($9.50)  I had the Rainbow Trout special ($13.00).
The moist fresh tasting trout came topped with rich beurre blanc sauce sprinkled with fresh basil and chives.
The portion of fish was small I am guessing about three ounces but was enough with everything.
I picked the fresh mixed greens as my side dish but the other choices were potatoes or rice.
My husband had the Duck Confit that came with bacon laced lentils ($16.00 the highest price menu item) He said it was the BEST DUCK he ever had and other places were we paid twice as much or more haven't made duck as delicious,  moist, flavorful and with a crispy perfect skin to boot too!
We didn't order dessert but our waiter presented us with Slices of Blueberry Mousse rolls.
A rolled moist not too sweet yellow cake with perfect blueberry mousse.
It was just a wonderful ending.
Two really GREAT three course meals for  only $44.50 before tax, tip and beverages.
I've been here a bunch of times.
The food is ALWAYS VERY GOOD and the same can be said for the service.

I've always been a fan of prix fixe menus in concept, but often they lack in, well, yumminess.
They often are bland and boring.
Not so here.
Quite yummy, in fact.
The been and goat cheese salad was beautiful and delicious.
I asked for "as rare as possible" for my lamb, and it was RARE.
Awesome.
My wife had the halibut&sea bass, which was also awesome.
When we started hemming and hawing about the dessert, the waiter decided to bring us one of each.
All were great, but my wife liked the coconut and pineapple pie most, while I leaned toward the strawberry cobbler.
It's a beautiful place, the portions are a good size, and the waiter was wonderful and non-presumptuous.
Go.
Eat.
Enjoy.

Adorable atmosphere, delicious food, and great service.
We had a lovely date night here.
We ate off the prix fixe menu.
The highlights were the sole/sea bass and the strawberry cobbler, but everything was tasty.The icing on the cake was how reasonably priced our meal was.

By far one of the best restaurants/bistros in the US!
Scrumptious dishes.
Super friendly staff.
Great value.
I love having lunch at Vincent on Camelback.
Coq au vin is divine, and soupe du jour is always a fresh treat.
Complimentary dessert is served at lunch time.
Trust me, you will love this place as much as I do.

I've come here a few times, mostly for lunch and I love it every time.
They serve the softest, warmest buttered croissants at the beginning - and don't be shy to ask for more!
They are very nice about it.
And they are free!
They have a daily lunch special board - it used to be $10 but when we went yesterday, the price has gone up to $13.
The entree's look small, but they actually filled me up.
I had the beef bourguignon with mashed potatoes.
It was good but got heavy towards the end, so I traded with my brother, he ordered the pesto pasta ($7) with and added chicken (+$2).
The pesto pasta was very light but almost a little too bland.
At the end, you also get a complimentary dessert.
Our dessert yesterday was a flourless chocolate brownie with a dollop of vanilla ice cream on top.
It was so good!
That definitely made me super full.
I would come back again for lunch.
The place is small and quaint and the price may seem pricey for lunch, but the quality surpasses the price.

We came here last Thursday to celebrate my grandmother's birthday and we were able to reserve the back room.
They were able to accommodate our extra guest and the wait staff was very friendly (and funny!
)  Personally, I had the rainbow trout and potatoes with Reisling and Pinot Grigio.
It's a pricier place (not as pricy as Vincent's on Camelback), but well worth it!
The food and wine were phenomenal and a good time was had by all!

Although I haven't had the pleasure of dining at Vincent's of Camelback, I became a fan of his little brother, Vincent Market Bistro, after just one visit.
Although I thought there were a few too many tables in this small space, I still found it cozy and intimate.
I had a hard time deciding between trying a pizza (the Four Cheese had my attention with mozzarella, bleu, brie, and goat cheeses with pesto) or a full-blown dinner (particularly the Shrimp Crepe with avocado corn salsa).
But the Prix Fixe won with three courses for a very reasonable price ($25 I think).
They allowed me to substitute lobster bisque for the soup offered, and it was very rich, and buttery, and lobstery.
The halibut/sea bass duo was my preferred entree.
Perfectly cooked, perfectly sized given it was sandwiched between a cream soup and dessert.
The pot de creme was surprisingly and pleasantly, not chocolate.
Although I like chocolate, I prefer it as an element of a dessert, not the main ingredient.
Only "getting too old to remember shit" me can't remember the flavor..I believe it was raspberry.
What I do remember is that it was very good.
Our server was delightful in responding to our 101 questions about the menu.
It was a lovely meal overall.
Note to self:  go back soon.

I went here on a whim when the husband and I's anniversary dinner plans fell through.
It was a wonderful experience!
They have the prix fixe menu (3 course for 25$), but you don't even need to order this if you don't want to, we ordered two apps and two entrees and they brought out surprise desserts for us at the end (we didn't even mention it was our anniversary, I think they do this all the time), also it was less than 25$ pp...we each had wine and coffee and I think our bill was about 65$ or so.
The food was very good, I had the coq au vin and it was delicious, rich flavor, and even better the next day.
The desserts were wonderful, a chocolate pot and a lemon raspberry dessert...yum!
The coffee was great too.
I will certainly be back!

Last night we invited two couples from out of town to meet at Vincents Bistro.
We made reservations for the evening.
We enjoyed our dinner and wine, ordered souffle for dessert.
Just as I was sipping my first cup of coffee, a server came to our table and told us we had five minutes to finish as people were waiting for our table.
How embarrassing, after telling everyone that this was one of my favorite restaurants.
We spent hundreds of dollars on dinner and wine.
Our meal was very good, but I don't think my friends will go back.

Three of us arrived on a Sunday for breakfast and there was no one to take your name or create a list of who had arrived first, which caused some chaos.
There were two groups in front of us who were doing some minor squabbling with each other over who should get the next available table.
I walked in to the main counter, and a waiter approached me.
He told me it would 10-15 mins for my party of three.
I went back to the patio and waited in line.
A man and his parents arrived after us, asked me where they should put their name down, and I told him to just inform a waiter you're here.
After about 20 minutes (and now that we're next in line) a table opened up and the man with his parents just walked over and sat down.
I followed, told him we were next in line and he just responded, "There is no 'real' line.
"  That guy was clearly a schmuck, but the reason it happened was Vincent Market Bistro had no system to create a list for who should be seated in order of arrival.
Considering that even the IHOP has mastered this concept, one would hope Vincent can get a grip on it going forward.
To be fair, the manger came over later and apologized and gave us a mountain of free deserts.
But, he had no real response as to why there isn't a host or hostess to keep people happy.
The croissants are amazing, the ham and Gruyere omelette was average, and the service was decent (once we were seated, which we did ourselves since no one offered to seat us at anytime.
)  Kinda crazy, but for the hassle involved, I'd rather just go to Snooze down the street.
It's an hour wait there, but at least they have a hostess.

Vincent's market bistro is my usual weekday go to.
Always pleased with there salads, soups, apps, mains and desserts!
Scotty and the staff are the best.
You know a place is good when there clientele have been going there for years and years.

This place is awesome.
Traditional French.
I had the Coq Au Vin, (Vincent special) for lunch and hubby had lobster quiche.
The Coq Au Vin was amazing chicken in red wine gravy on top of creamy mashed potatoes with snow peas.
Half way through my delectable meal I realized I had been served HALF a chicken, not just a leg and thigh.
I had to box the breast and wing for take home.
This is crazy for this much protein for only $11.00, unheard of these days.
And not to mention the buttery croissants with jam, their idea of bread basket that is to die for.
THEN!!!!
They treated us to dessert which was an apple berry crumb pie with homemade vanilla ice cream.
HELLO!
Viva La France!!!!

Our second time back within a week.
Our waitress was very knowledgeable about dietary restrictions.
We had no problem eating Gluten-Free.
Plus, all of the food was amazing.
Light on the beer list but have an extensive wine selection (including recorked wine from the 1920's)!
We will be back!

There's an interesting trend developing among some of the valley's most popular fine dining establishments.
As a way of getting more customers in the door, they are offering smaller menus consisting of more economical dishes almost as an introduction to their unique cuisine.
Binkley's now has numerous Cafe Bink locations that offer this experience and others are following suit.
Including, apparently, Vincent Guerithault.
I have to give HUGE props to my date for discovering this spot that I never knew even existed until tonight.
I've been to Vincent On Camelback more than once and was a little nervous when she told me she wanted Vincent for dinner.
I know their food is good, but pretty spendy.
But before I could raise an objection she mentioned they now have a bistro offering a cheaper menu next door.
Wha?
Sure enough I met her here after work for dinner and as I traverse the narrow parking lot past Vincent's mothership, there's the bistro.
A small nook tucked in the middle of an already tucked away restaurant.
The bistro has a small outdoor patio with the rest of the dining area opening up to the patio.
On a perfect weather evening like tonight, its a great indoor/outdoor setup.
Altogether the bistro can seat somewhere around 25-30 people tops.
Not big, but not cramped either.
The walls, the paintings, and the music still feel like Vincent, but in a much more relaxed casual setup.
The menu offers one of three different dining options.
You can order a la carte, a $25 prix fixe menu consisting of three courses (which change everyday), or you can order from their menu of pizzas.
The pizzas seem a little out of place here since the theme is predominantly French, but I didn't order those so that's neither here nor there.
The prix fixe menu had some interesting options that evening, but there was one a la carte dish that immediately caught my attention.
Duck confit.
When done right, duck confit is amazing as I've had a ridiculously good duck confit dish at Zinc Bistro in Scottsdale.
The dish here was served with lentils and bacon.
The duck was tender and the meat fell off the bone with ease.
The savoriness of the duck and the heartiness of the bacon paired tremendously and the portion was just the right size.
Prior to the main event, we split a three cheese tarine.
Essentially a plate of three cheese bruschetta.
The bread slices weren't big, but super rich.
Paired very well with the wines we had.
We actually didn't order dessert, but we each got a chocolate brownie piece with vanilla bean ice cream on the house.
A tasty way to top off the night and oh yeah it was complimentary!
Our server was extremely polite and soft spoken and the pace of the meals were spot on.
Both of us left full, but not uncomfortably so.
All totaled, two glasses of wine, the bruschetta appetizer, a pair of main courses, two desserts, and tip was $70.
Far cheaper than Vincent's parent restaurant, while still offering the quality service, ambience, and flavors that Vincent is known for.
I would still recommend Vincent's parent restaurant for the ultimate French cuisine experience as their dishes are even more imaginative.
But for those looking to just dip their toes into Vincent's menu or looking for a cheaper alternative, the Bistro makes for a tremendous plan B.

I had never been to a French restaurant before, so I don't know how authentic it is, but as a restaurant in general, it was excellent.
The food was wonderful, the atmosphere was quiet and relaxing, and the service was amazing.
I came in basically half-dehydrated.
I practically drank a gallon, and our server never even let my glass get less than a quarter of the way full.
Not pushy or anything.
We even got a brownie dessert compliments the chef.
Great dining experience overall!

My favorite neighborhood restaurant in Arcadia!
My husband and I went here once a week when we lived in Phoenix.
The French cuisine is wonderful.
I love the pull-apart croissants that they give you while you for your meal, and the Coq Au Vin is my favorite dish.
My husband usually goes for the lamb shank and has never been disappointed.
The service is friendly and quirky here, too, which I love.
A much more relaxed environment from the fine dining room they share a kitchen with -- an environment I much prefer!

Vincent's was my third restaurant week stop for Spring 2014, and is a five star but my restaurant week visit was a bit of a bummer.
Their food is fantastic.
Their service is fantastic.
It is an expensive restaurant, with the entrees in the mid thirties each, but worth every penny.
I hate spending a lot of money and leaving a place underwhelmed, but I'll happily spend it at a place like this!
On the down side, this is the only restaurant this week, so far, that when I told them I wouldn't be eating dessert, they didn't sub out something else.
I forgive them a bit considering of all the places, they are taking the biggest hit in terms of average revenue per table during restaurant week, but let me compare this to two years ago...  Two years ago a fourth guest spontaneously joined my table of three.
Then she said she wasn't eating, she just wanted to hang out...
I was a bit embarrassed by this, but said nothing.
Then she started to eat off of everyone's plates!
During restaurant week, that's completely unacceptable, and they could have been quite justified in charging us a plate sharing fee (which this year is $20).
Instead, Vincent's showed their incredible finesse and taste.
They brought her an empty plate to make her food stealing easier!
Then, at dessert time, they didn't ask what we wanted, they just bought one of each of the four available desserts!
They said, "well there were four of you, so we just thought you would like one of each.
" Even though she didn't pay a dime.
This was a deeply classy way to say we see what you are doing but will not stoop to your level...
I left a large tip (about 33%), and have told countless people about how Vincent's is the number one date place on my list for great food and service above and beyond any I've ever seen.
So this year (my sixth time going, three during restaurant week, three regular visits), it was really disappointing that they didn't even try to be creative with me.
And no, it was not busy when we were there.
I almost feel like the waitress didn't even ask or something and made the call herself.
I bet a manager would have come to explain if they had made that call.
The difference between two years ago was a real disappointment.
But what I did eat was of course fantastic.
The lobster roll was perfect on a slightly sweet roll, the ravioli was delicious and delicate.
Just what I expected.
So I am only rating them four stars for this review for their lack of empathy and creativity, and for being less amazing than they used to be.
But it really is my favorite date place so maybe next year, I'll give them the star back.

The dinner was absolutely fantastic!
We hosted 13 total, and everyone was very happy and full.
I had the lamb, and I can't think of a better time than the way it was prepared with a spicy bell pepper jelly; it was absolutely perfectly cooked.
I heard the halibut and salmon were both great choices as well as the beef tenderloin with green peppercorn sauce.
The homemade ravioli was phenomenal, just tender enough to compliment the butternut squash filling, and the chilled heirloom tomato soup was silky, and presented in the three small glasses.
Meeting the chef last night was a treat as well, I was all too thrilled that we supported a local business.
Looking forward to dining there again.

We wanted to host our engagement dinner at the bistro but their room wasn't big enough so they let use one of Vincent's rooms with the bistro's menu.
Both of our families were very happy with our decision, we had a great time and the food was amazing as always.
Our server was also great and he spoke like 3 different languages which was very helpful because not everybody in our families speak English.

