This business exudes "Customer Service.
"  Murphy's Law being what it is, I broke my glasses the week before I had to fly out of the country for my wedding.
After poor experiences trying to remedy the situation at Optical Shop of Aspen and LensCrafters, I went to Ray Eyewear at my fiancée's suggestion.
Ray, the business's namesake, and his wife walked me off the ledge I was on, helped me select a new frame, and rush ordered some lenses so that I would have the new glasses before I left for the wedding.
THEN, because the lenses in the pair I had broken were intact (I had broken the frame), Ray mounted them in a "loaner" frame so that I would have functional glasses while I waited for my new pair!
Ray's selection of frames is great, the store is very cool, and you can't beat their customer service.
I'm now a loyal customer.

Ray and Diana are the best eyewear people on the planet.
This is a local business that gives back to the community.
In addition to selling really cool glasses the store is so much fun.
Diana also sells candles that are manufactured locally by the Candle Factory.
Ray Eyewear is unique, unlike any other eyeglass store you've ever been to.
They offer encouragement and sound advice, which makes them confident you'll find the frame that catches your eye.....perfectly!
Voted the Phoenix New Times "Best of Phoenix " and "AZ's Best" by the Arizona Republic

Diana and Ray were so super friendly on both of my visits to this great shop.
It looks like a cool art gallery inside with candles and gifts for sale along with the unique glasses.
On my first stop, Diana found the exact pair of frames I was looking for in seconds and agreed that they were the way to go.
Today, when I took in my prescription, Ray took the time to explain all the available options and worked out the perfect plan to have them back to me within the week.
I've seen Ray pedaling his bike through the neightborhood, and he made sure to stop and say hello, which made me even happier to support this local business!

This place rocks!
Diana and Ray know glasses and they carry brands that stand behind their products, engage in decent practices, and are cool, cutting edge styles.
If you're looking for "edgy" frames, talk to Ray; Diana is more practical and understands tat not everyone will want to be totally radical.
Seeing them together, it is clear why they're such a good team and why this business works.
This is neither the cheapest place to get frames and lenses, nor the one with the most expansive selections; it is, however,  the BEST place to get them, good advice, guidance, and  a history lesson or two along the way.
These people are steady, fair, committed, and do such a nice job--and it is a locally-owned business to boot.

Stopped by here recently with my mom to look for glasses for her.
The salesman then proceeded to tell my mom her current glasses were "out of style" and kept forcing her to try on pairs of glasses that were totally not even close to what she wanted.
He was somewhat helpful, certainly brutally honest, but a little too clingy and swearing while trying to help us was not a plus.
They have a interesting and trendy selection, but we had a hard time actually shopping through the salesman's many unhelpful comments.
Needless to say we will not be back if we have a choice.

Ray's has the perfect balance of great product and outstanding customer service.
I purchased glasses from Ray's and subsequently had an eye surgery.
My prescription changed but I was outside the timeframe to get a free replacement.
Diana and Ray went to bat for me with the lab, and I was able to get a free replacement.
This type of service is only found in small independent shops where customer care is the number one priority.
John Bergmann

