In terms of a doctor's office Allergy Associates provides a great patient experience.
The staff at Allergy Associates are willing to assist and depending on the day are usually easy to interact with.
The reason behind my regular visits to Allergy Associates stems to my asthma coming back with a vengeance after it lay dormant for a few years then the good ol Phoenix allergy seasons brought it back.
Anywho, my doctor, Dr. Saavedra is a good man who is accessible to his patients.
He's caring, attentive, and inquisitive which is important in his practice.
Overall my experience with Dr. Saavedra and Allergy Associates is that it's a good medical office that is able to meet a person's needs in terms of allergies.

Avoid this place at all costs.
My boyfriend went here for an allergy test.
He called ahead to make sure they accepted his insurance and when he left they told him he was all set.
Two weeks later he gets a bill for $507!
That's AFTER his insurance was charged.
A call to his insurance company revealed that they charge more than twice the local average for the tests, and his insurance wasn't going to cover the excessive cost.
Save your money, go somewhere else.

STAY AWAY AND FOR GOODNESS SAKE, DON'T TAKE YOUR CHILDREN!!!
My daughter was misdiagnosed and spent two years on a medication she didn't need!
Words cannot describe how angry I was when I found this out through a reputable allergist.
I suspect that they are receiving kickbacks from pharmaceutical companies, because we spent hundreds of dollars on equipment and medications (which they provided directly).
The staff is ambivalent at best, downright hostile at worst.
And don't get me started on the excessive costs and all the hassle with the insurance!

The WORST customer service experience I have ever had.
They have no courtesy or manners what so ever.

This place was the only place to tell me what my chest tightness actually was.
And no it was not simple asthma.
They take their time with you in the room and listen to all symptoms not the ones that just they deal with all day.
Everyone is helpful even the staff.

