I rent from here often and have always had a good experience.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
The service is quick, easy and the equipment and party rentals are reasonably priced.

I planned my reception myself and used A-Z for a big part of my site- ranging from the chairs to the generator to glasses and tables.
The staff there, Becky Rodgers, in particular, was a joy to work with- very responsive and helpful (which was great as my order changed a lot of times).
She made sure my order was right and worked closely with me to ensure everything was perfect.
They delivered and picked up everything exactly as promised and were very professional and fast.
They also have tons to choose from and will help you make the best choice for your money.
Pricing was competitive too.
Highly recommend!

I entered the store and was not acknowledged.
The party/wedding rental area was abandoned, save for a price list and a variety of wedding vendor business cards on a table.
Walked around, nobody came in.
Not really my job as the customer to go LOOKING for a warm body.
Found the prices on the list to be higher, item for item, than any other rental company in the valley.
This place was a total waste of my limited time.

A to Z is just around the corner from our home.
We've rented several pieces of large equipment from them over the past year and always been pleased with their service.
Recently, I married my husband in our own backyard.
We rented tables, chairs, a cotton candy machine, a popcorn machine, etc from A to Z.
They were wonderful about letting me call back and change my order several time.
When we realized that it would be colder than usual on our wedding day, we were able to rent heating lamps at the last minute.
Everyone that works at A to Z is really nice.
The only issue that we had was that our items didn't get to us in the morning as promised.
They didn't arrive until 3pm, when I was told that they would be to my home by noon.
As weddings are complicated, it was tricky to have everything show up much later than I had planned but everything worked out just fine.
Again, everyone is really nice and helpful!

I just wanted to add that in addition to party and catering equipment, they also rent heaps of tools and equipment.
Think hedge trimmers, lawn aerators, cement mixers - stuff you might need for a once a year or special project, and so, don't want to invest in the equipment.
In our case, we needed a chainsaw to take down some dead stuff from last winter's freeze, an unwelcome sapling, a dead tree, branches encroaching the roof, and to tame some monstrous oleanders.
I was just about to head to the tool rental department at that big box home improvement store, when a friend mentioned A to Z. I gave them a call, and their prices were competitive.
Plus it had that feel good factor of being a local biz.
The process was pretty easy.
We got a thorough tutorial on chainsaw operation and safety, and were on our way to some serious arboreal carnage.
Pro tip: rent on Friday after 4pm.
You can return it Monday morning, and only be charged for one day (Saturday), since they are closed on Sunday.

I had to rent a wheel barrow.
I had a choice of going to this company or another nearer to my home.
I chose the company nearer to my home which was a little less expensive where I got an older one that was older and heavier.
One days use  I went to A to Z to look at what I could get for a little more money which turned out to be newer and lighter.
They didn't think I was nuts to want to look at the actual equipment and took the time to go into the actual storage warehouse and show it to me.
They also gave me the one that I thought was the newest and cleanest-long story there as to why I needed that one.
Overall a five star experience, I would recommend going here.
Maybe a little more expensive but the quality of the rental experience and the equipment itself says five stars to me.

Rude staff!
I rented two patio umbrella propane heaters for an event.
They were late on delivery the day of the event.
Then on the scheduled pick-up time, post event, they were also late.
I waited at home for 3 hours for the scheduled pick-up.
30 minutes post time block, I called and asked their status, or to reschedule.
The gentleman on the other end told me that now they needed to charge me extra money for a specific time pick-up.
I replied, I don't need a specific time, I just was hoping that you would meet the schedule you had asked for on the equipment pick-up.
I advised that the heaters were on the patio where the delivery technician had placed them the day prior.
The gentleman at A to Z said that again they needed to charge me more money as a "set-up" charge to get them off my patio, where they had placed them originally.
He told me that they needed to be curb side.
So, I alone, had to carry them up a steep driveway, and they were quite heavy.
It was a struggle and massive to handle.
The customer service individuals at A to Z were rude to me and non-helpful.
All they wanted to do is stick me with charges above and beyond already set contract.
I will never use them again!

Late on drop off.
Late on pick up.
Horrible and rude manors.
Difficult to deal with.
I dont understand the good reviews, unless the company shills are posting these five star ratings.
Very bad experience over all.

That damn tree was driving me crazy.
It had it's seasons.
two of them.
One season lasted all year and was the season of dropping leaves, seed pods and branches all over my driveway and yard, all day long.
The second season had all the same as above, with the added benefit of three months a year dropping sticky flowers and sap all over everything within 50 feet of it.
Damn tree was so skinny it didn't even provide that much shade.
This tree taunted me with it's sap-dripping, leaf-littering ugliness.
Over the years I grew to hate this tree.
Something had to be done.
Something permanent.
I came up with a plan....
I plotted to kill this tree.
Yes, I was out to exact revenge.
I scoured the local craigslist for arborist hit men.
I met a couple in a back alley bar, had a late-night conversation with another....$600 dollars to off my nightmare in the yard, and a couple hundred extra to remove the body and bury the remains.
I couldn't afford this, I'm a cheap old man.
I looked some more...  For far less than the $800, I bought a nice chainsaw, cut the tree down and turned it into a big pile of firewood in my back yard.
I will truly enjoy burning each and every one of those logs.
But now what - I've got a giant ugly stump in my front yard, where I should have a new driveway!
So, I went to a big box place that rents things you can use to destroy stuff and hide evidence.
The clerk rolls out this flimsy little thing that looked hardly bigger than a vacuum cleaner.
"THAT's what you call a Stump Grinder", I said, looking at him incredulously.
I was sure I would break this toy if I touched it -"No, I said,  this is a real tree, I need a real tool, something I can hook up to my truck and drag to the scene!
"  "We doan got nuttin' like dat, man.
You should go to A to Z for shit like dat.
" the clerk says to me...  Fortunately, A to Z is right around the corner from the scene of the crime.
I rolled in and found exactly what I needed - a Dosko 620H.
A fourteen inch cutting wheel with nasty sharp chipping teeth embedded in it.
This, my friends, is a stump-grinder.
After a quick, albeit unnecessary tutorial, the shop guy hooked this beast up to my truck and I dragged it back to the scene of the crime and began the task of destroying what remained of this ugly wooden beast that had taunted me for so many years.
Two hours later, stump ground down to below grade, and I even took on a second stump because it was so much fun.
Renting from A to Z was a painless process, I told them what I needed, they hooked me up with the right tool that was clearly well taken care of, it started right up every time, the teeth were sharp and the shop tech hooked it up and gave me a quick tutorial on using it.
Returning it was just as easy, I just pulled in, a tech came out and unhitched the beast, checked it over and gave me a pass.
I closed out my rental ticket and went home to enjoy the view, sans ugly tree stump.
Next year, when the logs are seasoned properly, I'm gonna enjoy me some nice campfires.

Do NOT expect timely service....or really any service at all.
Thankfully, due to them not getting me a quote because "they are busy", I found Andrews Party Rentals and went with them for an event.
Also, as noted in other reviews, keep in mind that they will not actually bring the items to the location, but actually only dump them off curbside.
Maybe it's just me, but I'm not keen on dragging tables, linens, heaters, ,etc off of the curb and into the actual location of the event.
I gave them 1 star only because you have to in order to post a review.

I rented 3 pieces of equipment at different times over the course of 2 days.
Everyone who attended to me was energetic, polite, and super-helpful   First, they steered me to the right equipment (tile breaker and chisel.
) The chisel gets sharpened after each rental.
The guy at the desk and the guy in the pickup room both gave me instructions on how to use it, with their names and an invitation to call back if I had any questions.
The equipment worked beautifully.
I went back later that day to get a tile scraper (also freshly sharpened.
) Same great service and attitude all around, from 2 different employees.
Tip: first timers might have some trouble finding where to park.
You go behind the street-front building and angle park in front of the back building.
Then you drive out through the street-front building, picking up your gear along the way.

