I love, love, love this place.
I switched from a previous office where the place always seemed to be a three ring circus.
Working together with Dr Oclair and Kate Montgomery, feels like a team.
This place is a well oiled machine!
My most recent visit with Kate Montgomery was to go over some maintenance medication concerns over health conditions she had more familariaty with, and the fact that I wanted to change, and what our next steps were.
We agreed on a change, but would do it by making sure we had the information needed to make sure the proposed choice was a good one with some additional blood tests.
She knew about the medication I wanted to switch to and provided me with well rounded information.
Unlike previous practices, this office is not change adverse, and after I explained why I wanted to change, felt we were on the same page.
This is easier said then done with most practices.
The office is a bit of a drive for me in the mornings 45 minutes which is longer than I like, but with the service received, it is so worth it.
Also unlike my previous provider, when receiving maintenance medications they provide at least 1 or 2 refills that way I'm not there additional times just to collect additional co-pays.
I feel like an empowered patient, Thanks Dr Oclair and Kate Montgomery.

Haven't been to the doctor in 5 or 6 years, so I thought I would go and get checked out.
My insurance covers preventative care 100% and I have a large deductible for sick visits.
I went, had no health complaints, and the nurse told me I was the healthiest person she had seen all day.
The practice then billed a sick visit code to my insurance, which applied $130 to my deductible.
I called the billing number, explained the situation, and asked that they bill the prevantative visit code to my insurance.
The billing person told me the doctors pick the code, not the billing people, but he would check with the doctor and call me back the next day.
He never called.
I left two voicemails for the billing guy, which he never returned.
I appealed to my insurance, who denied because the doctor used a sick visit code.
Sooo, my doctor is still sending me bills for the prevantative visit that is covered 100% by my insurance.
The office is yet to explain the "problem of medium to high severity" described is the CPT code.
The only diagnosis billed is V70.0, adult well visit.
This post is probably more about the billing dept, but still makes me mad.

I was referred to FPS by an emergency-care physician for an MCL injury I suffered in a fall.
I was seen by Dr, Francyk who immediately went to work.
After an MRI and other tests, Dr. Francyk refereed me to Endurance Rehab in Phoenix.
The rest is history.
I've seen Dr. Francyk and his nurse Sara for more than a year now for wellness, blood pressure and cholesterol issues.
The doctor and everyone at FPS has been caring, helpful and have gone the extra mile to see that I'm well taken care of.

They charge an annual administrative fee that is not covered by insurance.
Basically, it's like a credit card annual fee.
This year 2012 it's $60.
I'm not one to pay annual fees at my bank, on credit cards, and definitely don't want to start at my doctors office :(  It's up to you though.

Since I have no medical training my review will be based on impression and experience.
It is quite easy to get an appointment on short notice on the phone or online.
All medical records are maintained on computers.
Prescriptions are filled promptly.
The office has its own blood lab, x-ray, and EKG, so most of the testing can be done in the office.
The entire staff is friendly and professional.
Dr. Francyk and his nurse Sara have been our providers.
We have had nothing but the best care.
On occasion when referred to a specialist there has been actual dialog and follow up.
If you need medical expertise Family Practice Specialists is the place to go.

i've been seeing dr. goldman for more than 10 yrs..  very happy with him and his staff.
about a yr or so ago, i stopped going to him.
he charged an administrative fee of yearly $35 or something ridiculous for seeing him for paperwork, etc.
processing.
Really?
even couldn't be grandfathered in after i complained for being a long standing patient.
he moved from 40th & bell to camelback and i continued to see him.
i didn't ask him for more gas??!!!
i continued to make the much longer trip & nvr complained.
this took the cake.
a drs.
office charging an adm fee?
argh!
i have since gotten a very nice doctor around the corner i'm happy with but decided since apparently i'm still good enough for their email list and had a yelp link, i'd give my 2 cents worth!

Dr. Wyse is one of the most caring doctors I have ever had.
He takes the time to listen vs. just writing on a notepad.
Dr. Wyse follows up with you very quickly and actually cares.
He also goes over treatment options with you and explains options so you understand everything.
I feel very lucky to have him as my doctor.
I also want to note that Carmen his Nurse/P.A.
Is wonderful and give the same quality service as Dr. Wyse.

Finding a new doctor can be a pain.
So, when I came to Family Practice Specialists I was pleasantly surprised.
Each time I've gone, I've had minimal wait time - and have always been greeted with friendly receptionists and staff.
I started seeing Dr. Ungar - who was friendly, comforting and extremely thorough.
All things you'd want in a doctor.
I've also found that this office also several doctors on staff that also specialize in other areas, including Women's care issues.
Which will turn out to be very convenient in the future.
I recommend!

Let me preface this review:  I live a healthy lifestyle, exercise regularly, don't smoke and rarely drink.
I rarely go to the doctor and visiting this practice reminded me why.
I came in because I've been having trouble sleeping.
I made an appointment with KATE MONTGOMERY , RN, CS, FNP.
All I can say is WOW, I've never felt so judged in my life!
She was down right rude!
Canceled all my remaining appointments They also charge some BS annual fee not covered by insurance.
I will finding another Doctor that is not so judgmental.
If I were you, I would pass on this facility.

Our Dr. is great but the administration fee is completely inappropriate.
They charged my wife an annual 49 fee and myself a 49 fee.
We are not going to pay $98 a year to be seen at this facility when they collect our co pay and bill our insurance company.
We will find another provider.

I have went to Dr. Francyk for the past few years.
He is always professional, honest and informative.
I am never rushed and he answers all of my questions.
He is a Dr. that takes his time and listens to you.
I highly recommend him.

Hi All,  Just an update, 2/23/2013- I changed Drs because of the admin fee and the office is still trying to charge another "administration fee".
Soooo that pretty much means there is a bi-annual admin fee charged.
Was forced to pay the first fee because I was a patient, trying to get the most recent fee charged last month removed since I'm not their patient- patient beware, it's like a bad late night infomercial, "How do I cancel???!
"  grrrrr

Unfortunately, this administrative fee will prevent me from ever going back.
It's sad b/c I feel the care was really great.

Dr. O'Clair is fabulous.
She is smart, caring, and very knowledgable.
I feel well cared for and listened to, which is very rare to find I feel today.
Plus they have in house lab, X-ray, OMT doc, and much more.
Not to mention the organized, friendly and helpful staff... Worth the admin fee every day of the week!

I manage an Urgent Care down the street and refer patients to this office frequently.
Especially the new patients in town that have had the same doctor where they came from for 15 years and are looking for a new, well rounded practice and knowledgeable team of doctors that they can trust.
I call to get feedback from them about their experience, just like I do when I refer patients to a certain Orthopedic, Urologist, ENT, Imaging Center ect.....  and all the responses I get are all pleasant,  They like the idea of having x-ray and lab services on site, unlike most PCP offices in the valley that have to send their patients to a different location to receive those services.
I have not been there myself so I cant give you a personal account, but from the feedback that I get I never have any reservation in recommending Dr. Wyse and his team of doctors and staff to any patient looking for a new PCP that doesn't treat you like a number and takes his/her time to address all your concerns.

Well the administration fee is true and now I will not be going back.
You have got to be kidding me.
Like someone stated earlier, I pay a copay every time I go in there and they bill my insurance for anything additional they do.
This is total BS.
I thought I was going to the doctor not a gym.
The Doctors are good there, but it is soooo slow.
If you have a 10am appointment, don't expect to get in before at least 10:30am.
I called and I was told this fee was to offset the cost of the Lab, EMR and Patient Portal cost.
I'm not sure what Lab they are referring to because every time I have blood drawn they send it off to some place called LabCorp.
Isn't this the cost of doing business?
So should I start deducting a set amount for the employees that work for me for the cost of internet and the payroll system we use?
I don't think so.

Did new sign/graphic install here and the people were very friendly and accessible.
The office was busy the day we were there for this install, which shows me they have a very thriving practice.
Good to know, in case I ever have to refer someone to a new doctor's office.
This one is in a nice business/medical/professional park.

I can't answer for others complaining about the administrative fee, but I think it's actually kinda cool that it allows me to email/communicate with my Doctor without having to come into the office, so I'm not gonna dock them for that.
I met with Dr. Francyk after reviewing their site and history, conveniently posted online and he did a quick check-up, gave me some pre-printed health advice and said come back and see me in six months.
Seems pretty reasonable to me.
Staff was nice, I didn't wait long to see the Doctor, had a nice chat with his Nurse and I think this is a place I'm gonna enjoy.
I'll update this review in six months and let you know.

I've been a patient of Dr. Wyse for several years.
I have always booked my appointments first thing in the morning to avoid waiting in the 'little white room' too long.
After the third time of waiting over an hour after arriving at 7:30 in the morning and nothing more than a "i'm very booked" as an apology, I've decided it's best to move on and find a new family doctor.
There are some rare services or individuals that are worth the extra wait.
This, unfortunately, is not one of them.
I find it very arrogant when anyone feels their time is more important than yours.

After a 7 year history with this office, we've decided to move out and find another Doctor.
This office was great until some money making negative policy decisions were put in place.
They now charge an annual $49 Administrative Fee at the beginning of each year from all their patients, basically a huge bonus and further, they require seeing their patients every 3 to 4 months just to get refills of standard or common medications.
Additionally, I've had to contact them several times to have the correctly coded for insurance.
The biggest problem for us was not getting refills on our medication and our medication being held hostage for regular visits every 3 to 4 months whether we are ill or not.
Most people only get 3 sick visits per year with their insurance, as is the case with us.
They have become a money making racket, on top of that, they have become rude and snobbish.
There are plenty of other clinics that do not charge the annual fee nor hold your common medications hostage for regular in office visits.
I say, patient beware and recommend against using this office.
This is terribly unfortunate for the good doctors in this clinic - their bad policy wil scare away their patients.

I have been going to FPS for several years.
The first Doctor I saw was Dr Marvin Schneider who sets the standard high in healthcare.
In my opinion, Dr Schneider is a living legend in the healthcare profession.
However, Dr Schneider moved out of FPS a couple years ago and opened his own practice in the same area.
It is called Schneider Family Practice.
I have continued to go back to FPS and my Dr is now Dr David Francyk and Nurse Sara.
They are wonderful people and the front office staff very sincere and extremely nice.
I also have a friend who has been seen by Dr Francyk due to a workers compensation claim.
The injured employee was eventually suspended of his WC benefits for an unreasonable cause of an IME Doctor (part of the Workers Comp process... the WC system is broken anyway and unfair to injured workers and it is the WC Insurance who pays IME Doctors to write up a biased and unfair report to make the Doctors who actually are treating the injured employee look bad)  who does not work at FPS.
FPS knew that this injured worker had his WC benefits wrongfully suspended, yet they continued to see the injured employee for approx 2 years and the injured employee allowed FPS to keep seeing him and racking up unpaid bills of approx $2500.
FPS knew that the injured employee did not have any health  insurance and his WC benefits were wrongfully suspended.
Now that the injured employee is about to return to work, FPS's Billing Department (Tom) is being unreasonable in arranging payment arrangements  with the now previously injured employee as the employee is just now returning to work.
Thus, he hopes to make payments.
However, it takes about a month of work to earn a paycheck.
Because of Tom in the billing department  saying he has to send the bill to collections, I may very well stop going to FPS and getting my entire medical file send over to Dr Schneider's new office down the street.
FPS must take some responsibility for their willingness to continue seeing the injured employee when they knew insurance was not available and they allowed the injured employee to keep seeing the doctor.
They could have easily stopped seeing the injured employee.
Or they can now at least arrange for the patient to make some payments via a payment plan, etc...  Or, they can do like a local hospital and another Doctor did, just simply write off or reduce the amount owed to settle the billing matter.
In other words, it is poor Customer Service in FPS billing department and Tom in billing said he has to do what the board members tell him to do.
Hey Tom, have the board members call me!

I have been going to FPS for several years.
The first Doctor I saw was Dr Marvin Schneider who sets the standard high in healthcare.
In my opinion, Dr Schneider is a living legend in the healthcare profession.
I have continued to go back to FPS and my Dr is now Dr David Francyk and Nurse Sara.
They are wonderful people amd extremely caring.
The front office/receptionist area staff are also very sincere and extremely nice.
I love FPS!
Added bonus... blood lab, and xray lab are actually in the office for easy access when my Doctor needs me to get testing results.
FPS is better than the television shows General Hospital, The Doctors, and ER combined!
If ever Dr Francyk's schedule is fully booked or he is on vacation, when needed I can sometime get in to see one of the other several Doctors on staff at FPS.

fps- yes!

