We used Dr Lieb for several years until recently when we felt we had to find another vet.
We had Dr Lieb put our Westie, Emma, to sleep and the experience was not a good one.
Our expectations were driven by what we had read online about how most vets will give a sedative and then time to spend saying goodbye.
When you are ready they will administer the med which puts them to sleep permanently.
Dr. Lieb said that by the time Emma got a sedative she could have her done by then.
So while Emma was still aware and able to feel everything the vet shaved her leg and rooted around for a vein.
Emma, could feel all this and was not happy and fought all three of us.
This went on so long that I got completely nauseated and upset and had to leave the room.
My husband said the vet eventually gave her something to calm her down since she couldn't get a vein with her squirming.
Emma had 15 good years and I wanted her passing to be as good an experience as it could be.
She did not get that.

I am very sad to be writing such a poor review for Desert View Animal Hospital.
I have been taking my dog there for almost 4 years and the previous Vet was wonderful.
Sadly she retired.
I have been to see Dr Derksen 4 times now and I am not impressed.
The first few times I noticed how prone she was to push medication on the problems with my dog.
I, also, noticed a significant increase in the price of the medications.
I have no problem spending as much money as needed to help my dog.
However, I am a nurse and I know some of the choices of medications could have been different, saved me money and still treated my dog.
I wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt, because I really like Denise at the front desk.
She is the only staff member I recognize now.
All the vet techs I knew and really liked no longer work there.
The other good thing about this office is they always schedule me in a timely manner.
I got in right away today.
I enjoy the convenience factor, but now I am wondering if that is because they do not have a lot of clients!!
The last visit was my last straw.
When I got to the office the vet tech did not even say hello to me.
She was very nice to Finn, but did not make eye contact with me once.
When Dr Derksen came to assess Finn she did a focused assessment.
Once she was done she prescribed an antibiotic and was literally trying to walk out of the room when I was still asking questions.
She then said try this antibiotic and if that does not work we will test him for valley fever.
My dog is very important to me and telling me he may have valley fever, but we will wait and see is completely unacceptable to me.
The prescription she gave me was doxycycline.
I am a nurse and I know this medication is extremely, extremely  expensive.
When I went to fill it at Walgreens they told me it was going to be 500.00.
I call the office back during regular business hours to speak with Dr Derksen, but she had left for the day.
I was then told by the front desk about a pharmacy that is significantly cheaper.
Why would they not provide that information when I was at the office?
I then spoke with a family member who is a vet tech in another state and she said Amoxicillin will treat Finn the exact same and it is 8 dollars.
My family member also said that all the Vets she works with knows that doxycycline is very expensive right now and Dr Derksen should have known that.
Whether she knew about the cost difference and did not care or she is incompetent, I do not care.
I will not be going back to see her again.

Dr. Lieb performed surgery on our guinea pig and did an excellent job.
The surgery was flawless and our guinea is healthy and happy now.
The price was excellent for her work including general anesthesia.

