Complete and utter rip off!
I bought tires from them, had a flat and they were going to charge my $25 to fix it!
I called Discount Tire and they fixed it for free.
Imagine that, a company that will fix another company's problem and for no charge!
The other problem I had with this place was that they wanted to charge me $125 to read the fault codes off of my truck when your local auto parts dealer will do this for free!
Everything about this place irks me and they prey on people who are not auto savvy and they have gotten away with it for so long.
Please stay away from this place as they are way too expensive and will probably be the place to sell you something you do not need if they have the chance.

Good service, new manager.
I had to have the 60000 service done on my car.
According to the manual there are 2 options, the spendier one and the low end service, but no specifics about desert conditions.
I took it in and the manager went over all of the manual's service requests and eliminated the ones he thought I didn't need and turned out to be 200 dollars cheaper than what I was expecting!
Nice to know an honest shop who is willing to save me a few bucks

Dont know why i came back to this location a second time!
This place suckkss & lack major customer service.
An hour & a half & still waiting...for an oil change & i even scheduled the appt online!!

I went here to get some service done.
They did several things including change of my thermostat.
I normally like Firestone and prefer to go to them.
I was disappointed that they charged me a diagnostic fee and did not credit that fee towards my expensive repair.
Fast forward to a later date, my car overheats again.
I take it to another Firestone, and they tell me (and show me) that the thermostat gasket was installed incorrectly.
No big harm, I don't think there was any engine damage.
Firestone in Glendale, Ca fixed the issue under warranty.

Horrible rip-off.
I already was scared to come here (I usually use the firestone in Scottsdale or friends) because of the bad reviews but it was closest place to tow when my car broke down.
Took them two days to figure out why my car wasn't running.
Once they did they estimated repairs $1,000-$3,000 because had to "replace timing belt; spark plus & wires" first ($1,000) to then be able to figure out why the belt jumped and fix that repair (another $2,000).
So since my car was only $4,500 originally and I had maxed out a credit card with them already for minor repairs I decided to just buy a new car.
So after I buy my new car; I sold that 2000 Honda Civic "as-is" from the firestone parking lot.
Got little over $1,000 for my non-running car that "needed many repairs".
Next day; the guy who I sold it to texted me to say he fixed my car and it was running again with the simple solution of changing spark plug wires.
That's it!
I could of done that myself for $20 but this firestone tried to charge me thousands of dollars for many more repairs than I needed.
Now I'm out of luck because I sold my old car which I loved; because they told me it needed tons of repairs that it didn't.
When they didn't even check the simple solutions after leaving me careless for 2 days while figuring it out.
I will never be back.

Super disappointed in the phone mannerism of the staff.
Can you say "no thanks.
" The story:  I found myself in Phoenix, AZ with two bald tires and I really needed to get new ones.
The person on the phone was a JERK.
He didn't listen even though I told him that I had the tire size off of my tire.
He said, "It may not be the right size, just tell me what car you have you probably don't know what numbers I need.
" Why?
Because I have a va-jay jay?
Really!
He also said that the last person could have used the wrong size... really?
I also bought those at a Firestone in San Diego, CA.
Nice... talk bad about the people in your network.. makes sense.
So, I went to a different store where they were awesome.
The reviews on this site are spot on for this location.
Maybe Firestone should take note that the person answering their phone is an IDIOT and do better.

This place is awful!!!!!
I've been going to Firestone for yrs all over Arizona.
Never ever had an issue until this location!!!
Messed up my appts 3 times in one week.
I've been here a total of 4 times this week!!
Refused to top off all my fluids.
Never heard of this before.
It's your job!!!!
When asking for my keys back, he refused.
Then I asked the guys in the garage to give them to me and the GM told me "to stop being crazy!
" Excuse me!?!
No.
Never coming back here again!!!
They will screw up everything!

