Broke a pair of perscription sunglasses at the hinge.
Costco referred me to this place.
They did the repair by afixing new temples.
When I got them out into the sun, they didn't match the frames...the frames were black so it wasn't like it was some freaky color or pattern to match...just black.
When I took them back in to remedy the situation I was informed it was the best that they could do.
A few weeks later the screw came out of the hinge, so I took it back.
I was informed that the policy of the store was not to do any repairs without charging for it....even resetting a screw, which I supplied.
How much could it be to reset a screw you might ask?
Would you believe $20.00!
I prefer to select who I let screw me, and this dump ain't one of them....

quick service, but a bit pricey.
i was able to get my dad's glasses repaired in under 20 minutes.
a bit far from my house, but the quality of work is great.
the frame doctor will fix your glasses even when you've lost all hope!

I work in the industry; needed to get nose pad replacements for expensive wire frames I wear everyday; they charged me 24 dollars with tax;  I could get them for free at most optical shops;  enough said.

I lost the screw in my glasses.
I went to COSTCO and they could not fix them and gave me a card for this place.
He told me I needed a new arm because the hinge was cracked; however, I had already put in a temporary screw and did not see what he saw.
He wanted $38.00 to fix them.
I decided to get a second opinion and went around the corner to an optical shop and he said I only needed a screw and fixed them for nothing.

Stepped on my glasses and needed a solution other than buying new glasses so I searched and this place came up.
It's not to far from my house to I thought I'd give it a try despite the negative reviews on yelp.
I called around 7:30 am and the guy on the phone was super pleasant and told me that they didn't open until 9 but I could come by right away.
I got to the shop and James the owner found arms that matched my frames the best (there was no other way to fix them) and within 20 mins my glasses were put back together and ready:) it cost me 38$ but that is a lot cheaper than 100+ dollars and waiting a week for new glasses to come in.
he is a new owner of the business and is super friendly!
I highly recommend going to James to see if he can fix your glasses w/o having to buy new ones.

Had a great experience at the Frame Doctor.
I was experiencing the amazing donuts at close by BoSa Donuts when a nose pad fell off my $20 dollar sunglasses.
I yelped "Glasses repair" and saw this place pretty close by.
I decided to stop by (Note: Very easy to miss if you don't turn on GPS).
I went in and the person  inside was very attentive and fixed my sunglasses in less than two rounds of "Temple Run 2".

Walked in with a pair of sunglasses that were "stretched out" and requested a hot sand treatment to reshape them.
The guy behind the counter said he could do that, but they would most likely bend out of shape slowly again and would cause discoloration over time (they have a really unique tortoise type coloring in the plastic and I would hate to distort it).
He came up with a better solution that only cost $12, took 5 min, and is pretty much permanent.
Amazing!
I will definitely be back with any future frame repairs I need for my other sunglasses or eyeglasses.

The spring on the right arm of my glasses broke when I squished my glass case in my teeny tiny gym bag.
I was referred to The Frame Doctor by another eyeglass store.
It was a little hard to find and I ended up parking next door and walking over.
The arm on my glasses had to be welded to the glasses so there is no longer a spring and the arm always flops down.
I don't like that, but was told I had no choice.
I waited while my glasses were fixed, reading Yelp reviews on my smart phone.
I would have rated five stars had I not been charged $38 for the repair, but at least I can wear my glasses again.

