I wish I knew how to quit you, Panda Express.
You're not healthy, nor exceptionally cheap, yet if even the slightest whiff of orange chicken hits my nose I am bound to do your bidding.
It's a pretty pathetic circumstance.
One Panda is the same as any other, whether it's in the mall or dropped next to a Walgreen's in suburbia.
So I can always count on my free will being infringed upon and decision-making skills limited regardless of a particular location.
I feel like I am like a 20 year smoker reviewing Parliament's.
If you've never been, don't go.
If you have gone, you already know what I mean.

I hate giving a chain more than three stars.
This one is always super-clean, super-fast and super-accurate.
I can't believe how fast the line moves, during the weekday lunch rush.
I always feel like I've spent a tad too much for such run-of-the-mill Chinese food, but since I'm pretty sure that the secret ingredient in the Beijing Beef is crack, I spend it anyway.
Yum.

MMMMMMMMMMMMM....(my mouth is full.
Can't say anyrhing else)  :)~

Every Panda Express is amazing, but this one stood out.
Very friendly workers.
As usual, they offered us samples.
A little less seating than the average Panda, but who cares?
You're eating yummy Panda Express food!

I went in recently and had a Panda bowl, which consisted of noodles and orange chicken.
It must have been a bad batch, but the orange chicken was somewhat burnt, over cooked, and crunchy.
I might give them another chance in the future.

I love Panda and this is one of my most favorite fast food restaurants in Phoenix.
I love the way they cook their orange chicken.
It tastes so good.
Even I am not hungry I can buy a bowl and finish it off.
I think their orange chicken is the best and after that honey walnut shrimp.
The store is clean and I have never had any problem with them.

Hit or miss.
You have to be there at lunch or dinner rush to get fresh food that hasn't sat and dried out all day.
They will usually make fresh food for you if you ask and are wiling to wait, so that's a plus.
The fact that you HAVE to ask is NOT a plus, because they do not have a problem giving you a dried out nasty scoop of yuck if that's all that's in the pan.
All of the negative reviews do not surprise me.
I once found a piece of broken glass in my Beijing Beef, about the size of a grain of rice.
Nearly ate it but felt it at the last second.
That being said, it's a long steam table in a cruddy shopping plaza.
I'm not expecting gourmet food here.
I am usually happy with what I get, especially if I get them when stuff is fresh.
It is what it is.

In for an early lunch.
Restaurant was clean & employees were polite, but seemed incapable of producing a smile.

