seriously, how hard is it to make a decent fast food teryaki chicken bowl?
and marble sized shumai?
what in the world?
if you're totally destitute and you can't find any other restaurant to spend your last dime on, then go ahead, you have been forewarned.
how do they stay in business is my question

I probably should have yelped it before I went there.
But I was on the road and craving a rice bowl.
The place is dark (makes it dingy for me) and it was so quite for a lunch crowd.
Ordered the house chicken togo.
The taste of the sauce was weird...  not to garlicy, just blah...
Very disappointed...  Never going back!

I was hoping to run into a Yoshi's, but I was on 32nd Street instead of 24th, so I went to this place instead.
I ordered the #1 (teriyaki chicken and rice) with all white meat.
The chicken was decent, if a bit on the dry side, but I didn't mind.
The rice was good and sticky.
But there was merely a drizzle across the top of the bowl of teriyaki sauce.
I got it to go, so when I got home and saw it, I was just disappointed.
It wasn't bad, if I had ordered a dry bowl of rice with chicken on top...but alas, I won't be going back unless I am in dire straits and am out of options.
It was just kinda bleh.

If you like your service poor and your food with hair cooked in it, you've found the right place.
Nummy!
I let the hair thing go ONCE.
After all it's not as bad as MY cooking, but the second time it happened I let them know they had permanently lost my business.
Their food is below greasy spoon quality as they do things to meat (at least I THINK it's meat) that are unholy.
Like cooking their hair in your food and using salt by the pound on any dish.
I used to love Kyoto bowl back in the nineties, but  I can see why so many of them are closing now.
Bad food, bad service.
Steer clear.

This is a frequent lunch spot for me, either to hang out with a good book or take it to go and eat at my desk.
My favorite item is the Spicy Teriyaki Chicken bowl with brown rice.
It's plenty hot (both in temp and spice), the chicken is moist and there's more than enough sauce to thoroughly mix with the rice.
The place is always clean and there's usually a decent but not overwhelming crowd.

looks dirty and my simple to make teriyaki chicken bowl was drowned in the watered down sauce, but I was HUNGRY.
So I ate it.
mid way through I almost choked on a very sharp chicken bone and all for the low price of almost ten bucks for a bowl and small drink?
The staff can barely speak English... dont think I will return.

