Yea, yea, yea, it's a sub place.
Forget the subs.
It's all about the soup.
Can't forget the sub?
Ok, get their 1/2 soup, 1/2 sandwich deal for $4.95.
Why is the soup this important?
Three words for ya.
Chicken enchilada soup.
Oh my god!
Some of this may be that when working in this area our office was routinely colder than it should have been.
So while sandwich was nice, soup always reigned soup-reme.
(Wow, I really did that.
Bad huh?
)  Also, they deliver with a minimum order of like $12 which we always got as soon as we said "Hey, who wants Jim's?".
I was a huge fan of their egg salad or chicken salad on simple wheat bread and my friend routinely got a turkey on croissant.
Awesome stuff.
And if it's in you, they have amazing brownies.
We only gave into the temptation a few times, but they were big enough for sharing.
Not that we ever really shared....

I used to go here for lunch when I was in high school (forever ago).
I've kept this as one of those places I still go to once in awhile.
The food is still good.
They have great subs and the people that own it are very nice.
I haven't had their soups, but apparently they are the bomb.
The seating is cheap and it's not a fancy affair.
Just a good place to grab a bite at lunch.

I absolutely love upscale sandwiches and salads (you know, with roasted eggplant or portabellos, herb mayo, frisee, candied walnuts, etc.
) and am fortunate that frou-frou lunch offerings are pretty much par for the course in the area where I work (Chelsea's Kitchen, The Vig, Acacia, Wildflower, Bertha's, Pita Jungle, LGO, and Taylor's are all within a mile or two).
However, I occasionally want something a little simpler and find myself at a place like Mamma Mia's.
One day, I was scouting out my less fancy options, saw the sign for Subs by Jim, and decided to stop.
The woman who worked there was really friendly without being pushy and she really gave the place a family-owned and neighborhood feel.
I ended up ordering the Vegetarian Cobb with light ranch (I'm not vegetarian but I often don't eat meat for lunch), a fountain soda, and a cookie to go.
The food was ready very quickly and the total price was good for the area (around $10 for the three items).
The salad was very large compared to ones I usually have and the ingredients were all fresh, but I thought that there could have been more of the toppings (hard-boiled eggs, avocado, etc.).
Although I haven't been eating out for lunch much lately, I will probably return to Subs by Jim soon and try the sandwiches and soups that everyone is raving about!

I like Subs by Jim.
I tried their Egg Salad sandwich and they just piled it up!
I couldn't finish it and only ate half a sandwich 'cause it was huge.
The place is operated by an Asian guy and his wife.
The place is cozy.

I'd heard about Subs by Jim from a co-worker who said it was the best sub place in town.
So I thought I'd try it out and see for myself.
Would I say it's the "Best" sub in town, probably not...But it's darn close.
I'm a ham and pineapple kind of guy and love Hawaiian Pizza, so when I saw they had a Hawaiian Melt sandwich I had to try it out.
I'm glad I did.
They piled a ton of ham on that thing!
Well, okay, not a ton, but the meat was over an inch thick  with melted swiss on top and chunks of Pineapple in between the meat and bread.
It was Amazing!
I also had a bag of chips and a medium drink which came out to $10.02 exactly, about par for lunch in this area of town.
It was a great value and I left very full.
Truth be told, I'll probably stick with the half sandwich next time and maybe try one of the soups when it cools off a bit outside.
The other thing I really liked was the décor.
It's very simple, but quite a bit of baseball memorabilia on the walls, along with an 80's era mural of a baseball game that looks like the view from the left fielder's position.
If you have little ones, be sure to check the shelf on the way out the door, rumor has it there's a cup with lollipops in it next to the stack of magazines.

I stopped in to get a quick lunch with my friend.
We decided to get a full size turkey bacon avacado sub and split it.
Glad we did because they ended up being about 8 inches long each!
The owner(?
) didn't seem to mind at all either and was very nice and friendly.
Its a great combination and I thought the bacon was kind've crunchy but very tasteful.
Its not one of those very thin microwavable kind.
However, I thought it was very hard to eat.
The bread is basically sliced in half (so there's no "end wall" to eat against), and then meat, tomatoes, onion, avacado and bacon was stacked high in between.
And I mean high.
Its like the kind of sandwiches you see in a cartoon except unfortunately my mouth can't stretch out real wide like the characters usually do.
All in all it was the most difficult and messy sub I've ever eaten.
Also, I wasn't a big fan of putting a whole slice of onion on the sandwich.
I love onion, but I like it kinda split up and spread over the whole thing, not a whole slice in the middle.
And I'm right there with the whole styrofoam/soup thing.
I watched as they do it and was very glad I didn't get any.
I think I would come back and try something else.
Its just that I would have to eat it in private...

