If you don't know how to make it, don't put it on your menu, don't accept the order, don't have a button for it on your computer and don't try to hand off your creation to the person in the drive through who will be pulling away before they notice.
I'm not asking for much.
They screwed up a mud pie blizzard.
I love mud pie blizzards and could have most likely given them most of the things you add to create it.
Instead I got an Oreo blizzard with what tasted like maybe a half a shot of coffee - but not much at all because it was still just as white as a regular Oreo blizzard.
Sigh... so sad.
I finally treat myself and they screw it up.
We also ordered a large dipped cone that came out looking like a kids sized/small.
We actually sent it back for them to re-make.
Sent back ice cream.
You know it went uneaten.
So sad.
But - they have an amazing menu of food.
More food than I feel like I see at other locations.
But of course we were here for ice cream - not food.
And if memory serves from when I worked in the area, they do a decent job with that - though nothing that makes you want to go running back.
It's convenient.
And with Carvel closed down in the area, it might be getting a little more action.

$3.79 for the small blizzard.
Really??!
I laughed when I saw the size as I picked it up through the drive-thru.
I guess it's just been a long time since I've had a blizzard.
Dang!
Guess I won't be getting one of those again for a while.
(Which is probably a good thing.

I LOVE DAIRY QUEEN!
Well, mostly their blizzards!
I went and was very surprised that you buy one get a blizzard free of the same size or smaller.
This definitely made me happy :D  My favorite is their oreo blizzards!
That's what I usually get although their strawberry cheesequake blizzard and hawaiian blizzard is also yummy!

This Dairy Queen would have five stars if it was located closer to home.
The cookie dough blizzard will always be a favorite!

Came up here for lunch today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.  This was my first visit ever to a Dairy Queen & I went with a 1/2 Lb.
FlameThrower GrillBurger.
The good news:  OMG,  I think this was the best big hamburger I have ever eaten!!
For me, it beat Smashburger, Five Guys, Culver's, Joe's Farm Grill, Bobby Q, Cracker Barrel & all the rest of them!!
:-))  The bad news:  Burger:                           1010 Cal.
Fries:                               260 Cal.
Small Chocolate Malt:  590 Cal.
------------------------------------------- Total Cal:                        1860!!
:-O  Burger, Fries, Malt Combo price:  A LOW $7.49 for everythingI  Nice dining room & excellent service, too.
DQ TOTALLY RULES!!
:-))

Not in the best shape compared to the Dunkin Donuts next door.
The blizzards are superb as always.
They have never been out of cookie dough.
That bodes well for them in my book.

Hit the drive thru around 8th on a Monday,  it was packed inside!
Got a club type grilled sandwich.
My bacon was spicy.
....which was odd.
Their French fries aren't my favorite style.
Overall for fast food, I was ok. Got a traditional banana split, that was rather skimpy on the toppings.
Not many DQs around the valley, so it was a nice treat while staying in a hotel in the vicinity.

Worst service!
Ordered a hot fudge banana shake and instead got a Sunday.
Instead of being nice about it the girl told me I ordered it wrong but she would remake it for me.

