I don't think I would be rating this place so poorly if it didn't seem like such a letdown.
This place really does look very nice from the outside.
The fountains are a nice touch.
But the bugs really are too much.
Let me also say that I'm an Arizona native.
I'm not particularly squeamish about bugs, because c'mon ... they're like all over the place in the desert.
After our eleventy-fifth ant infestation (nothing like enjoying a nice night of TV and seeing an ant -- or five -- crawling up your arm!
), and after seeing our 10th gigantic cockroach, and after hearing other residents complain about scorpions ... scorpions ...
I think I'm ready to start looking elsewhere.
I would advise you do the same.
This place is a lot closer to 7th street than you might imagine, and it really belongs in Sunnyslope -- not Phoenix, like the address suggests.

I have yet to move into the apartment complex, but the experience is already a huge let down.
I was quoted a move in price one day, the next day they increased the cost over $200.
When I complained about the difference, the person simply split the difference between the two prices.
The leasing agent then suggested I speak to the manager and I was put on hold for over 10 minutes.
I received a call today and the new move-in cost is now another $50 over what I was quoted when the difference was split.
The leasing office will take your application fee, holding deposit and then continually increase the move-in costs.
If you want to be treated fairly don't pay the application fee and holding deposit here.

Don't be fooled, the place looks nice on the outside and is decent on the inside but the staff and insect problem are absolutely horrible.
I have lived here for 6 months and have seen a total of five scorpions inside my apartment and I live on the third floor.
I've asked maintenance to come spray several times and there still seems to be a huge insect problem.
There are always ants by the pool and even the occasional javelina will sneak up on you.
I would never renew my lease at this disgusting place.

We moved from Alabama a year and a half ago and have lived here since we arrived in Arizona.
We really like it here.
The staff and maintenance are great.
If we have any type of problem or concern it is handled right away.
Our apartment is beside a  wash and we feed the rabbits and I even saw a javelina (WOW, don't see those in Alabama)  The maintenance guys keep the grounds up and the complex always looks so nice.
We have really nice neighbors and have made some good friends.
There are plenty of places to walk my dog and chat with all the other "dog people".
I really feel safe here which is really important to me.
The office staff enforces rules meant to protect and provide a comfortable living environment for all the people living at Promontory Pointe .

At first I thought this place was going to be great but I deeply regret ever signing my lease.
Just to start off they were extremely disorganized and I was told four different prices when initially signing.
They were extremely shady and now after already living here i have to pay more once again.
Funny how that works.
There are always people yelling at the gate at night, the trashes over flow, and the leafblowers come for hours in the morning at the most inconvenient times.
The quality is extremely low and I've had to repair numerous things already since I dont want to every week be paying maintenance to come.
The worst though are the people at the leasing office.
They are rude, lazy and the only thing they care about is you paying your rent on time.
I will definitely not renew my lease and I encourage anyone considering this place to look elsewhere as you will be extremely disappointed.

Don't let all of these reviews fool you!
They changed management a couple months ago and they are awesome!
Very helpful, understanding, great maintenance staff, referral program, pools, easy access to mountains for hiking, and the best part is the price cannot be beat for the amount of square feet!
I currently am in the older phase and love it, 850 sq.
feet, one bedroom!
I'm glad this is my current home!

We moved into our unit at the end of last summer, just as Equity Residential sold the property.
We had been looking at similar floor plans in the area, but Promontory Pointe ended up being the most affordable option for what we were looking for.
We opted for the larger two bedroom in the newer phase of apartments.
You most definitely get what you pay for.
After reading some other reviews, I guess I could understand why some residents aren't thrilled with the older phase of the complex.
We personally have no had issues with  any bugs, roaches or scorpions.
The grounds well kept, the landscaping is always well maintained and the pool is always clean.
There are plenty of dog stations to clean up after your pet if you have any.
All of our maintenance request we've had (which were few) have  always been taken care of the day of with no hassle.
There is always a place close by to park, in some previous places I've lived this wasn't always the case.
It's right next to North Mountain, if you like to hike this is convenient.
Overall the Pointe Tapatio area is very nice and quiet, it's a little close to Sunnyslope but we haven't had any issues.
Some of the things we haven't been thrilled with: The apartments themselves aren't as updated as we would like, but like I said this was the most affordable option.
The newer phase is by no means outdated, just could use a little sprucing up.
The fees can be a little steep.
For instance, we payed our rent on the 3rd of the month (didn't plan ahead from being out of town) and it was an $85.00 charge for being late the day of.
But it seems like this is just how it is at any apartment complex anymore.
Besides that, my only true complaint about the complex itself is that the gym here could use some newer/ additional equipment.
But overall for the price and our particular floor plan, we enjoy living here and have had a good experience so far.
I would recommend it to a friend.

