Stopped into this bright, cheery, comfortable, spotlessly clean EPL for lunch today.
Counter person Consuelo provided fast, friendly & accurate service, & very soon I was digging into my flame-broiled chicken feast.
On this, my first visit to this location, I ordered a 2-Piece meal with a leg & thigh, a Garden Salad & Carne Asada Chili for my sides, corn tortillas, & avocado salsa to dip them in.
Every bite of this meal was just terrific, & their amazingly low price was even lower than usual, with the $3.99 coupon I received on my last visit to an EPL.
(The salad they give you here, alone, would be at least $5 almost anywhere else!
)  I'm a BIG fan of El Pollo Loco & this location is running in top form.
YAY!!!
:-))

The service here was great.
I say that because we arrived here about 10 minutes before closing, on two occasions in the past 6 days.
Even though they were already cleaning up and putting things away, the employees still managed to get us some food and send us on our merry way.
The reason we arrived so late is because we were on a road trip and by the time we got into town, all we wanted were some salads and some chicken.
Each time we were here, we ordered about 5 salads and a lot of chicken (ordering for 10 people).
Never once was there a grimace or a sigh or an odd look as if to say "don't these customers know we are closing soon.
"    Thanks El Pollo for putting up with us and feeding us right before closing time!

I have been frequenting El Pollo Loco for a couple years now.
It is a great quick option for something fast that is mildly healthy and low carbs (if you order right).
They recently went thru a renovation and really improved the interior.
Service is always prompt and friendly.
Menu is pretty basic, they have added items like tacos ect.
The tacos are very good but not healthy at all.
The main menu item of course is chicken and they offer a few choices of family meals with 2-4 sides.
I recommend the loco salad with the avocado cilantro ranch, yum, yum.
The chicken is not fried and is grilled but has a nice crisp to it, and served with corn or flour tortillas.
You may doctor up with chopped onion, salsa and cilantro.
If you are in the area and need a quick dinner - Give El Pollo Loco a try

Great place for chicken.
I come here about 3 times a month, Love the corn and black bean sides

i don't know what to say their double chicken bowl deal is delicious!
you get a lot of food here for your money i think plus the salsa bar is pretty dang good itself!!

Del Taco?
Get the fuck outta here.
Taco Bell?
No way in hell.
Hands down the best fast food Mexican restaurant on the face of the planet.
The stuffed quesadillas are out of this world delicious.
The Chicken Tacos al Carbon: quite the tasty street taco.
I can only assume the other stuff they sell is excellent too.
Red salsa is ok, but the green salsa is where its at.
Happy feasting.

A trifecta of goodness - service, food, and value.
I stopped in to pick up lunch for a working Saturday at the office.
The value family meals are just that.
Plenty of everything and very flavorful.
Also, it is very clean inside the restaurant and the salsa bar was well stocked and tidy as well.

My overall take away was that it was a long wait (over 10 minutes and there were no other drive through or dinning room customers), the food was eh, and it was pricey.
I don't think I'll be going back.

I usually don't like to review chain restaurants but I have loved El Pollo Loco since birth!
I feel like this is a great alternative to eating fried chicken.
I find myself able to eat a full meal with out the guilt that comes with eating McDonalds or Popeyes or any other fast food.
If I'm in the mood for something super healthy, which I haven't been in a while lol, I'll go for their humongous chicken tostadas.
The whole thing is delicious including the taco shell bowl that it comes in.
Their chicken is just amazing.
You can taste that it is freshly grilled after marinating forever.
Even though it is fast food, it doesn't taste like it!
On the more regular occasion we usually opt for the family meal that comes with 8 pieces of chicken, 2 large sides, a salad and dessert for about $20.
Macaroni and cheese is my side of choice; super cheesy (probably not healthy).
We get some flour tortillas and make little tacos with the chicken, salsa and rice (Eric likes to put Mac n cheese in too).
Even if its just the two of us, I love taking the leftovers to work for lunch.
I love their salsa, so much that we can never go through the drive thru bc I have no shame and need about 15 salsas :).
El Pollo Loco is my fast food of choice!
P.s.
the staff is super nice, they messed up on our order and took care of our next meal!

El Pollo Loco is my favoritest of allll fast food chains.
I can eat BRC burritos (short for beans, rice and cheese) everyday and be a happy girl.
Ask for extra green salsa.
They make all their salsas in house, but the green one is full of cilantro and is super delicious.

Recently moved to Phoenix, and this place is in my neighborhood.
El Pollo Loco is overpriced food with very small proportions.
I spent like $10 on some quesadilla's and they came with a small packet of tortillas and mushy salsa.
I'm a skinny guy, but was still hungry after eating this.
The staff at this location seemed uninterested in their jobs both times I tried out them out.
Not worth it.

I rarely do fast food, but every now and then, I find it convenient, cheap, and oh so appealing, especially when fast food drive-thru windows exist!
So, on a recent Sunday, upon realizing that I had two hungry kids in the car and nothing too appealing at the house to eat, I made my way toward El Pollo Loco, entered the drive-thru, and within 10 minutes, was headed home with a feast for all!
I ordered a salad for myself, some chicken nuggets and sides of mac and cheese, corn, broccoli, and french fries for the kids.
However, I arrived home to find that they forgot to include the broccoli.
Bummer.
I liked my salad and the kids liked the nuggets and fries.
The other stuff, not so much, but there's always something that doesn't get eaten at my house with 2 little ones that are hit and miss picky eaters.
I noticed El Pollo Loco offers some family style meals and everything is moderately priced, so I may just return again soon to try more from the menu.

Somewhat Disappointed This Time   My co-workers and I go to El Pollo Loco because of the tasty and healthy roasted chicken.
I say healthy because it's not fried like most other  fast food restaurants.
EL Pollo Loco gives guest the opportunity to order dark meat (leg and thigh) or white meat (breast and wing).
The chicken goes well with their Spanish Rice and tortillas.
I was just quite disappointed in my most recent visit.
I order the grilled chicken salad  and to be honest the salad juzt wasn't very good.
The lett e was wilted and the chicken was somewhat dry.
However, my co-workers really enjoyed their meals.
I think I will go back and try a burrito or maybe even a bowl.

