My wife went into to pick up some chemicals that our pool need and was mistreated and harassed because she had the nerve to pay with a debit card.
Are you kidding me?
I have spent hundreds of dollars at this store.
I understand the costs businesses incur when running things as debit/credit, apparently B&L doesn't understand the cost they incur when mistreating customers.
Do yourself a favor and and go to Perry's Pool and Pump.
They are more knowledgeable and they will treat you with quite a bit more respect than you will get at B&L.
I am not willing to give my business to any store that mistreats their customers.

WORST SERVICE EVER!
The service is OK in the store, but NEVER call them for a repair!
You probably will find  something better in Craiglist.
Repair department is really unprofessional and unfriendly, their priority is send you a bill instead of customer satisfaction.
You will find other reviews here stating the same, so save some time and money and call somebody else for repairs and try Costco or Online stores for supplies.

Pool stores... never a place that you 'want' to go to.
The costs, the smells, the inadequate employees, the upsells.
Yet, if you're someone like me, who doesn't have a degree in pool maintenance, you're required to go to them.
I became a new homeowner in 2009, and I discovered this place wanting to get a second opinion on my pool water after Leslie's tried to upsell me on buying several different chemicals.
I took a water sample to B&L and they knew exactly what I needed, at the cheapest price, without giving me the runaround.
I've been coming to them ever since.
The staff is friendly... always greeting you, and offering you bottled water.
They're very knowledgeable...
I had a severe algae problem.
I gave them a pool water sample, they did the test, provided the chemicals needed, and walked me through the cleaning process.
My pool was clean and clear several days later!
They want to earn your business... Just bought a new cleaner from them several days ago on impulse, noticed it cheaper online, came to return it, but they offered to price match for me and credited me the difference.
Now that's loyalty!
Only reason I didn't rate them 5 stars: There's times when customer traffic is busy, and you'll have to wait for assistance.
I try to visit them during the weekdays though.
Also, not a fan of the aesthetics, as it's a maze trying to walk through their store... yet, I'm slightly OCD (or so I think).
If you need pool products at a reduced cost (they periodically send me coupons), with great customer service, I highly recommend B&L.

