I have to agree with Patti B. that this location pretty much sucks.
The service is just ok - they are far from friendly.
I've been in  a couple of times to pick up food and I have yet to be impressed.
I wanted to give them another chance tonight and I should not have bothered.
The food is not so good.
I'd rather go to Pita Jungle or Thai Llana any day!
The spring rolls are greasy and room temperature and the tofu is pretty nasty.
I had some kind of udon noodle dish and threw most of it in the garbage.
Use your 'free entree' coupon to save $$ one night, but that's about it...
I will not be returning to (this) Pei Wei any time soon...

They get three stars for the quick takeout and I do like the curry and lettuce wraps.
I'll be the first to admit that the food isn't great, but it's OK if it's one of those average weeknights.

First off, I'll say that it seems like everytime I eat here I'm a little disappointed.
It's like I have a craving for it, but it doesn't deliver.
I honestly think it's overpriced and not as good as PF Chang's - for a few bucks more I would much rather eat at Chang's...better atmosphere, better food.
At any rate we do go here once and awhile since the 44th & Indian school location is by my house.
Plus having 2 little ones, it's much easier to do take-out than a sit down restaurant.
My husband & I both usually get the teriyaki chicken bowl and ask them to add extra veggies.
We also like the crab wontons, but the lettuce wraps are nowhere near as good as Chang's.

I am not sure what's up will all of the negative reviews.
The food has been pretty consistent, and actually the service is great.
Even for carry out, they usually offer you a drink while you wait.
Never had a bad food experience here.
In fact, I think I am going to head out right now for some soup.

Pei Wei, you give Pad Thai a bad name.

let me start out with the positive: the service was excellent.
really.
for a restaurant where i order at a counter and THEN sit down, i wasn't expecting much.
but the service staff brought my food promptly, quickly removed my plates, and offered me to-go boxes and a refill.
unfortunately, i have high expectations for asian food (especially thai food), and i was sadly disappointed by the curry.
so bland.
so so bland.
and the crab rangoon was nothing to write home about either.
i may consider trying it again if i need to grab a really quick bite, but i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

Oooh, not good for Pei Wei that I can't remember what I ate here.
It wasn't even that long ago...3 weeks?
I have to say, I'm OVER all these places where you place your order and then go sit down.
If the server has to come over to my table anyway, why can't he/she make that first effort?
It is also awkward because do I leave a tip?
I honestly cannot figure it out.
Anyway, getting through the line was quick and effortless, though trying to carry 2 water glasses, two beer glasses, a huge sapporo and my table number was not thrilling.
I remember rice...tofu...a few vegetables.
It was spicy.
there was no broccoli.
Meh, it was decent, it ended up being big enough for two meals and it was relatively cheap.
I'd probably go back, but I'm not sure why.

Well de-Elite me, I ate at Pei Wei!
Isn't the 11th commandment "thou shalt not eat pseudo Asian food at chain restaurants?
"  Forgive me Father Yelp for I have sinned.
That's the extent of my religious knowledge BTW.
So I've only eaten at this location, only take-out, and only sweet and sour chicken, which renders my review pretty useless.
But consistently, it's hot, prepared well, and tasty.
It meets my expectations for what it is.
Do you go into KFC and expect your chicken was actually fried in Kentucky?
Oh wait, most of us don't go to KFC at all.
Too early for a good analogy I guess.

I know, don't hate.....but I needed to find something inexpensive for dinner and asian sounded good.
My roomie said she liked this place so I thought I would give it a try.
I consider myself a connesour of good food.
I love fancy restaurants with beautiful presentation.
But when you're short on funds you make do.
I have to say that I was not expecting much from Pei Wie.
Maybe that's not fair.
I walked in and was greeted warmly.
Since this was my first time the girl explained how to order.
I got the orange peel chicken and brown rice and an order of spring rolls.
I know this is not authentic asian food.
But I will say this, it was hot and fresh and it was good.
The spring rolls were nice and crispy on the outside and cruncy on the inside.
The dipping sauce was good too.
My orange peel chicken had a little kick to it.
The veggies were cooked just right and the chicken was moist and tender.
And their ice tea was delish!
It went well with the meal.
Our server was attentive and brought us silverware and cleared everything when we were done.
The place was clean.
Even the area where the drink dispensers are was clean and sometimes that is an area that is just hard to keep clean.
I will go back to this Pei Wie and I will try others.
I think places like this can be hit or miss and that's why they get a bad rap.
But there is a niche for everything and this is one of those niche type places.
I liked it.
So sue me.
I also did not realize that Pei Wie is part of the P.F.
Chang's francise.
I like P.F.
Chang's too.
There I said it!
So, like Heather C. said......de-Elite me for eating at a place like this that's owed by a francise like that.

It is fast and good

Big fan!
This probably one of the busier ones in town and I am always in and out.
I love that you can order online!!!
Just quick pop online, order what you want, the web page even guids you through the manu easier, and even pick exactly when you want it to be ready.
My favorite is the lettuce wrapps and the PeiWei Spicy Chicken!
Must try them!
Moral of the day, when getting take out, order online!
Way fast and you even get 25% your entire order the first tiem you do.
Love it!

For quick fast food.. this is my choice..
I usually call ahead and get take out.. Dont expect super friendly.. but its just take out.. not clear table service.. even if you stay..
I always get the chicken salad with sesame vinagrette on the side but I will say, Im not a fan of the pungent dressing..
I get the chile sauce instead.. vietnamese rolls.. and its not so unhealthy.. NOW my friends that usually nosh with me.. hate the foods they get.. they say it every time I suggest this place.. who knows?
Since I  havent really tried anything from my norm salad..
I cant say.. but for me its a strong 3..

Big fan!
This probably one of the busier ones in town and I am always in and out.
I love that you can order online!!!
The service is NOT the friendliest, but you can not go wrong with their Spicy Pei Wei chicken salad

This is our local Pei Wei, and I love Asian food.
This is the only real place my wife likes.
So we eat here alot.
This location is sometimes slow but I alwasy enjoy the food.
We order online, and orders always come out exactly the way you want with all the substitues.

I've tried and tried to find something I like at these restaurants and I just can't come up with a reason to go back.
I tried the Lo Mein with chicken.
It smelled good but, what I got was 3 lbs of noodles in an overly sweet sauce with a few julienne carrots and few sprouts.
The chicken was dry and chewy.
I just don't get the draw.

Pei Wei has always been a HUGE favorite of mine.
I've been to a couple locations in The Valley, but this one I've been going too more than others.
I've always ordered online and picked up the food after about 15-20 minutes, and every time it's always there waiting for me!
Wait time?
Hardly!
If you do wait, it's a total of maybe 2 minutes?
By then you're just walking back from getting your soda from their new touch-screen soda machine.
Yeah...it's touch screen.
There's so many flavors of drinks in this thing!
My favorite is to mix Orange Coca-Cola and Vanilla Coca-Cola.
Mmmm, goes great with the Orange Peel Signature dish!
Aside from the epic soda machine and tiny (if any) wait time, the staff is super friendly, even during its busiest times.
And trust me, this place can get packed during the lunch hour.
PARKING TIP: If you're looking for a parking spot during the lunch hour it's nearly impossible.
However, if you park on the north end of the Walgreen's next door (under the trees), there's almost always a spot.
If that's full, then the spots at the front of Walgreen's on the east side are always opened.
All you have to do is walk around the corner and BAM!
You're at Pei Wei.

This is my #1 take-out restaurant.
I call in my order, give my phone number, and they know it's me.
It's quick and easy.
I have take-out menu at my house and order my dinner for the evening.
Most times it only take 15 minutes, therefore by the time I order, I get in my car to travel to Pei Wei.
I get out of my car (they have a location where you can park in if you are grabbing and going).
In the end, I come home, have a nice dinner!
I even have leftovers too!
Out of all I said, remember it's quick and easy!

I'm giving this 3-stars because Pei Wei is what it is.
It's not PF Changs.
BUT It does offer some gluten-free selections, which is all I can really ask for in a restaurant.
I always get the gluten-free sweet & sour chicken, and they have a non-GF breading on the chicken that's pretty legit.
You can also ask for the edamame to be GF - which means they cook it separately from the other edamame (although don't ask me what it's cooked in).
I wish they had more to offer on the menu, especially the dessert offerings like PF Chang's.
There's always 4-5 parking spaces reserved for pick-up orders, which is good because that parking lot gets SUPER full with Pita Jungle in the same area.

Met D there for lunch.
It was her pick today, she needed to get out of the office.
Wow, this place gets busy after 11:30am.
Get here or stand around looking for a table.
CRAZY!
The food is you know "Americanized" Chinese food, so it is OK.
I got the usual honey sheared chicken with brown rice.
It is a little sweeter than I remembered.
Or it could be old age kicking in?
The green ice tea was good.
All in all, OK.

The lettuce wraps alone would be a 10 star review.
Unfortunately when it comes to Pei Wei, I've yet to really have anything else at any location that's blown me away.
Wei Pei is about as standard as Americanized Asian food gets.
It's just prepared here in quicker manner than full service chain restaurants, and usually in a better manner than fast food Asian restaurants.
I went because my girlfriend had a craving for the lettuce wraps.
While a few better places have similar wraps to Pei Wei and PF Chang's, I'll give these two chains credit for having the best.
We jokingly said before ordering our meal that we should just have gone with two orders of the wraps.
Ironically enough, we were right.
We also Order Chicken Lo Mein.
When I took the first taste, I was shocked to taste pretty much nothing.
When my girlfriend took a bite, she realized it was sauceless.
She then asked one of the "servers" (I don't know a better term for guy who brings food you ordered from counter to table and cleans off plates but didn't take your order) for some.
We tossed it into the noodles and it made a big difference, but it still was a rather plain and boring version of a popular Chinese dish.

This is a great place to go when you want something quick but don't want to put fast food in your body.
This is quality food without spending an hour and a half getting a meal.
They also add a seasonal or new dish quite often so there is always something new to try.
Think these would do well in CA.
They should expand.

Went here with friends and have been to other locations.
This location was different than the rest though.the food came out overlooked to the point of tasting burned.
Was not impressed.

This place has been a favorite of mine since it opened as a cheaper and faster alternative to Pf.
Chang's.
I almost always order the Pad Thai and/or the Lettuce Wraps.
Both of which are amazing.
I always make I stop at Pei Wei when visiting AZ.
Oh and the new Soda machine is amazing.

If you like P.F.
Changs, you will love Pei Wei!
It's essentially the same thing in a less formal dining setting, & Take-Out!
I can't tell a difference between their Orange Chicken, or the lettuce wraps minus the price tag!!!
My favorite dish here is the Dan-Dan Noodles!
(It's Hot.
Spicy, & Pure Indulgence Pleasure for under $10!!!
)  If you have not heard; "Pei Wei is not authentic Asian food!
" Well neither is Panda Express, but I'll tell you Pei Wei is better than Panda Express & most Authentic Asian restaurants in the US!
Yes I said most Authentic Asian restaurants!
(NO MSG!
)  "Can you believe the balls on this guy!?
"  We'll I have had Chinese food in China Towns in San Francisco, LA, NY, Vancouver & Dallas!
I've even had Peking Duck in Hong Kong; don't be impressed it was not that good!
I love Chinese food, but I really love Asian Fusion!
Roy's, PF Changs, & Pei Wei really wet my noodle!
The other nice thing about Pei Wei is their take out!
I have them on speed dial...
So when I'm on my way home from work I'll call, & as I pull in I pay, pick up, and go!
It's freshly cooked & No Wait!!

I think Pei Wei is delicious.
My favorite, although it isn't the most "authentic" is chicken pad thai.
I only go to this location for lunch, as bossman loves their teriyaki, and it's nearby.
I always order online and for take-away.
The food has always been consistently good.
These, though, are the reasons I don't like location: A) Parking is horrible during the lunch rush.
Even with the dedicated spaces for to-go orders, I sometimes have to park at the other end of the lot.
I think some people abuse those special parking spots!
And B) The order is never usually ready by the time stated on the online order.
Most times I wait about 5 minutes past.
The staff is always friendly and until they do something horribly wrong, I won't stop my patronage!

Only thing I've tasted so far that was palatable is the Wonton Soup.

i have their phone number programmed into my phone!
their lettuce wraps are just as good as p.f.
chang's  their pad thai is not bad at all!

I like Pei Wei, its good when I want something fast.
But the main reason for my review on here today was to say HOW AMAZING the manager was at this location.
I came in at lunch and it was VERY busy.
There was a line to the door.
There were some arguments about someone stealing a seat (unhappy customer, complaining because a seat was saved and they had waited in line, wanted to be comped because of it.... so dumb if you ask me.
I mean just deal with it people!
Its busy!
) But the manager dealt with it so professionally, and when I was next in line he did not act rushed, he was very helpful, and told me that if I did not like what I ordered to just tell him and he would get me something new.
I work in the restaurant business (a much higher priced place) and this manager was awesome!
Good job man!

Love the food.

This location is in my 'hood so I'm always ordering take out on weekends.
This place is packed the majority of the time but it's always worth the wait.
My faves off the menu have to be the crispy pot stickers and the lettuce wraps I can make a meal off of those alone.
The food is pretty consistent and extra points for having brown rice and being able to request that my chicken be steamed instead of breaded and fried.
Though the wait time for take out orders can be a little long especially when I decided to order on New Years day, one of the employees gave everyone that was waiting to pick up their order a cup for a free drink!
Though a little gesture that went a long way in my book!
I will be back soon, Pei Wei maybe next time I'll even dine in for a change :-)

This location, as all others I've been to, have friendly cashiers, long waits (since it's so popular and food is made fresh, not like Panda Express).
I love the lettuce wraps, soups, crab puffs, etc.

Yesterday was my first time at this restaurant.
I had never had lo mein before ( I thought it was similar to chow mein) and I was unpleasantly surprised.
Not the restaurants fault- I just really didn't like it.
When the manager noticed that I was picking at my food, he asked me if everything was ok.
I told him that I didn't like the noodles so he offered to change it out for me.
All of the people who worked there were very friendly and pleasant, but the manager was really on top of it and I have to give him credit for being observant!!
I wouldn't have went up to complain because I ordered it.
But I wasn't going to eat it and I was kind of surprised at that kind of service!
Way to go Pei Wei!

The staff at this location was very friendly but I was not impressed by the food.
It was too salty and lacking in other flavors.
It may have been the dish I had because I have heard good things from others.
However, I'm not tempted to try it again.

If you go Veggie, pick a dish where the Tofu is fried in the wok, not steamed.
So much better.

I do love Chinese food, and for such a big city I find that Phoenix (or at least Scottsdale) lacks in options, either because they aren't the most welcoming of places, or simply because there aren't that many (compared to sushi restaurants for example.
I've been to this location maybe 3 times since moving to Phoenix (8 years ago) and must say that I usually go because a friend as a "Pei Wei" craving.
I found the food to be ok, but I'm typically one who doesn't like spicy food as I find it takes away instead of enhances the flavor.
I wasn't too hungry and decided to take the chicken fried rice.
I have to say that my favorite chicken fried rice is the one from Tottie's in Scottsdale that not only is delicious but always gives me left overs for lunch the next day.
Portion was ok though the fried rice was a little sweet and the person I was dining with had the chicken lettuce wrap which wasn't too bad either.
Service was disappointing as our food took about 10 minutes to come, but I must say the staff was helpful when I was asked where to get takeaway boxes as well as a takeaway cup.
I'd give it 4 stars if after a handful of experiences I had Pei-Wei on my "must have" list but with Pita Jungle, Sack's , Subway, Rubio's, etc.
nearby, the competition for "fast casual" is stiff and Pei Wei just doesn't cut it for me unless I really had a craving for Asian food that day.

The hubby said he wanted PeiWei for his father's day lunch.
So PeiWei it was.
I order the pad thai and j orders the mongolian steak.
J loved his dish.
My pad thai was seriously underseasoned.
So I reordered the honey sear chicken, which was awesome!!
On non food note - this place is bathroom baby friendly with a changing station.
And as a new mom, that's a necessity in my book.

Step between Asian fast food and something a little nicer, and for that it's okay.
The teriyaki sauce is too salty for my taste, but the caramel chicken and Thai dynamite chicken are both pretty good.
The crab wontons always seem to be cold and not at all crispy by the time I get them, but the hot and sour soup has a good level of flavor.
I tend to get takeout from here as opposed to eating in the restaurant, and it's always ready on time.

I love the pad Thai!

Chef cooking in the open facility.
Mostly noodles.
Pad Thai noodles, beef.
A most desirable appetite for the hungry man.
Couldn't take this to heart.

I cannot believe I've not reviewed this place.
Maybe it's because after eating their sloppy, over-cooked noodles and sugary fast-food combinations, I always feel a bit queasy.
Kids seem to love it for some reason, and all the Chinese places in the neighborhood are Americanized versions of real Chinese food.
Don't even get me started on that swill they call "Hot and Sour Soup"  It is neither hot nor sour and it's consistency is the only relation to soup.
Pei Wei is convenient and satisfies the kids, but I typically pass on it because it simply holds no appeal for me.
So, I guess in that respect, they fill a need for when you don't want to cook for your hungry teenager.
The other day, while feeding my kids there, one of the cooks got up on the wok table and started scrubbing the backsplash.
It's nice to see they like to be clean, but is it appropriate for that heavy cleaning to go on when you have customers in the dining room - and other cooks still cooking stuff?
Okay, well, on second thought, I can believe I've not reviewed this place.
On a positive note, service is great.

This Pei Wei is consistently good, and this particular location has always been good to me.
For a quick meal this is about as good as it gets.
Pei Wei is a step above any takeout type Chinese food place, but not quite 5-star restaurant quality.
To me, it's about a 4 out of a possible 4 for the type of restaurant they are.
The quality is always good, the service is quick, they listen/care, and they'll let you adjust any meal to how you want it...exactly what I expect from any restaurant, but I'm always shocked how many don't do those basic things.
The management team here has been excellent as well.
If they screw something up, they've offered to give it to me for free, remake it, or just ask me what I want.
They do all the basics right, and deliver a quality tasty product.

I don't consider myself a connoisseur of Asian cuisine, especially streamlined Asian-American cuisine that's one step above fast food, but I will say this.
The caramel chicken takeout dish comes with a separate small container for the vegetable slaw that goes on top.
There is absolutely no excuse for a piece of broken eggshell the size of a thumbnail finding its way into the slaw container.
Not to mention there was raw egg goop still attached to it.
This has been one of several issues I've recently had with this location's food and service.
The previous two times, the pad thai I ordered contained NO tofu whatsoever, when I know that's part of the Pei Wei pad thai recipe, having ordered the exact same dish at other, more competent locations.
As if to add insult to injury, when I called and spoke to the manager about the aforementioned eggshell incident, he claimed over the phone that he would refund what I paid for that meal and that the money would go back onto my credit card.
Guess what never happened.
And...
Guess who's never going back to this sucktastic poophole ever again.
Thanks a lot for your disgusting food preparation and deceitful management.
If someone from Pei Wei company corporate is reading this, please do yourself and your customers a favor and FIRE the manager running this joint.

I feel bad that I haven't written this review sooner...the manager really deserves some recognition.
I have celiac which requires me to order gluten free food.
Pei Wei provides quality gluten free options and though the gf menu is rather small, I'm always satisfied.
A couple months ago, my little sister and I decided to call ahead to get take out.
When we arrived we were told it would be about 10 minutes.
I'm perfectly used to waiting longer for gluten free food.
I understand that it takes a couple minutes longer because the cooks have to change their gloves, change pots and pans to prevent cross contamination ect ect.
So we waited maybe a minute or two over ten minutes and I really couldn't have cared less.
However the manager was so very apologetic for the delay explaining that they had to remake mine because it got contaminated.
Hey I'm perfectly willing to wait a couple extra minutes to not get poisoned!!
I told him everything was fine and he proceeded to give me a $10 gift card just for the short delay.
I didn't even make a peep about waiting and yet he made it clear that he cared and we were important and that means a lot!
I wish I had asked his name but I didn't :( so if you ever read this sir, thank you!
And about the food...yeah it's awesome.
I love the sweet and sour combo (chicken and shrimp) on white rice or the spicy chicken!

I used to be a huge Pei Wei fan, but the past few times we've gone there--especially last time-- I've been EXTREMELY disappointed.
I go to Pei Wei for the spring rolls and the chicken lettuce wraps.
We usually order for lunch, so their lunch combos were always great because they came with an eggroll or spring roll.
But recently they've changed their menu so I ended up with Pei Wei Spicy Beef combo which, per usual, had chewy meat, not enough sauce and too much rice.
I also ordered the Thai lettuce wraps and let me just say STAY AWAY FROM THESE!
It was such a confusion of flavors.. it was tangy and there was the hint of cilantro and mint... MINT!
Gross!
My boss took one bite and almost puked, he's a bit picky so I tried it and almost puked as well.
We also ordered the Steak Lettuce wrap which was gross too.
Super disappointing.
This place is way too pricy and now that they've essentially eliminated the ONLY thing I like there... they can close up shop as far as I'm concerned.
I'd prolly eat here again if it was thee LAST place open and McDonald's has exploded.
But for now, if I never eat here again, it'll be too soon.

Compared to other Pei Wei locations across the valley, this location is by far the worst.
I've gotten takeout for lunch about five times, and each time has been worse than the last.
Even after two of my coworkers ended up with violent food poisoning after eating the food here, it took finding an EGGSHELL with bits of raw egg in my Caramel Chicken to realize that something was seriously wrong with this joint.
Not only was the food extraordinarily disgusting, as an added bonus, it contains pieces of kitchen garbage.
When I called the manager to complain, he offered me a refund to my credit card over the phone, which never actually happened.
Thanks for the lies.
Thanks for the disgusting food.
And thanks for asking Yelp to take down my previous review.

I used to like Pei Wei but something about their meat tastes different.
It does not taste right.
I tried it a few more times but haven't been back since and will definitely steer clear.
I told a manager right away and he made a new plate, but the new meat tasted just as strange.
I told him and the sweet fellow apologized although it was out of his control.
I hope this is not another case of quality suffering because of quantity.
Is it easier to buy from sloppy, poorly regulated slaughter houses and inject meat pieces with filler - creating a mystery meat that the masses will most likely still enjoy as long as there's a distracting sauce or glaze?

I like this in comparison to PF Changs.
Each dish is $5-$7 bucks cheaper and its set up like a take out or eat in.
Fast service and really good food.
Some of our favs are the Vietnamese chicken salad which is like an egg roll in rice paper.
If you have never tried them check it out.
Also love the Chicken Pad Thai and pretty much everything else they have for that matter.

I ordered some food to-go and my order wasn't right so I came back.
The manager, alex I believe,was very understanding about the fact that I was upset about having to come back so he compensated for my time.
This experience wont keep me from coming back.
The food was good as usual

My 12 year old daughter and I just returned from this location and we both got very sick.
She had the orange chicken and me the Pad Thai w chicken.
Gross

The food is great.
We always order online and take out.
They are quick and always have the food ready on time.
This particular location is in a nice area.
Just be careful getting through the dangerous parking lot.
It's crazy!

I really like this Pei Wei.
We always order online and then pick up the food at the restaurant.
The take-out process is fast and easy and the staff are nice and friendly.
The food is DELICIOUS!
I have never actually eaten in the restaurant but it looks very clean and spacious.

Ate here the other nite.
Have eaten here many times in the past.
What can i say.
Service is always top notch.
And i know theres some healthy food with the vegetables and brown rice.
Its just its very borning to me.
Im vegetarian and They leave much to be desirered for a vegetarian.
Yes you can get your meal made with veggies and no meat, but thats it.
Theirs really no plates made especially for vegetarians.
In their defense i will say the veggies are always crispy and not over cooked.
The down side is they dont give you many vegetables.
Its such a small portion of vegetables You'll go away hungry.
and if you ask for extra veggies they charge a dollar and some times the increased portion is really just the normal portion.
pei wei is a  ok as a good go to stand bye restaurant.
i  only wish they had more choices for vegetarians and gave better portions especially when it comes to vegetables.
I also dont understand why they dont have Indian food or tiebetan food or Kashmir food.
Its Called  an Asian Fusion restaurtant and They dont include India, Tiebet, Kashmir  as Asian food.
Is not India part of Asia.
I defintely recommend Pei Wei.
the prices are reasonable and although for me its a bit boring.
its a nice place to get a decent meal in a clean friendly atmosphere.

Tasty Asian American style  food.
I go there about 4 times a week.
The food is always hot and fresh.
Clean restaurant, not too pricey and Friendly employees,,, Deserves not less than 5 stars!

manager Veronica delivers the best service.
I ordered a dish that was too salty and she was courteous all the way and made sure I got a different dish.
Thank you for the excellent service!

The food quality is hot and cold, sometimes it's great sometimes mediocre.
It seems to be best eating in.
The soda machine is the coke product machine where you have 85000 choices so that's nice.
They have updated the menu sizing and offering some new items.
My biggest pet peeve there is often you receive your appetizer and entree at the same time.
For 2 people it could look like 2 pigs at a trough lol.
They are getting better at it though.
Best place for Kung Pao

