The best drycleaners in town!!
I moved to Phoenix about a year and a half ago, and went through 5 other drycleaners before finding this little gem.
Arcadia Dry Cleaners is located just north of Campbell on 40th Street, which is really convenient for my drive to/from work.
I usually show up with over 20 items, and once I brought a white linen jacket that had yellow-ed on the sleeve from age.
When I came to pick up my order, everything was ready except the jacket.
I was amazed at their persistence to keep working until they cleaned the jacket, at no extra cost to me...and now it looks new again!
Seems trivial, but I was just really impressed with their service, especially after trying so many in the Arcadia area.

When you find a dry cleaner that actually follows your directions and returns your clothes in perfect condition you want to shout it from the roof tops!
Ok I got a little overly excited about this place because they have a printable coupon for $10 off after you spend $25.
Now that's a good deal.
And when you are done checking off that errand go up the block and grab a treat at LGO, yum.

Arcadia cleaners was able to fix a disaster - last week my son's fiance pulled her wedding dress out of their car after traveling from Kansas to find it covered in green candle wax - I brought it right in to Arcadia cleaners and within 3 hours they called to say it was white again.
We are all so thankful!!!!
I'm telling everyone about how they saved the day!

It was over a year ago that this place ripped me off and I'm still upset about it.
I dropped off a queen size down comforter thinking it would be nice to have it dry cleaned rather than hauling it to the laundromat.
My husband goes to pick it up after work and hands it over to me when he gets home.
I immediately say, "This is not our comforter.
"  What they'd given to my husband was a queen size synthetic poly-filled comforter that looked like it just came from goodwill or had been used for many years as the roof of a fort.
It basically looked and felt very cheap and like something you'd have around for the dog to lie on or to eat on for a picnic at the beach.
I called Arcadia cleaners right away and was told repeatedly that it was my comforter.
They said that everything is tagged immediately when dropped off and my tag number matched my receipt.
I was told that there are security cameras and I could come look at the tapes.
I went the following day and was told over and over again by the owner that what I had been given was what I had dropped off.
I showed him that on my receipt the employee had noted that what I'd dropped off was a down comforter and he said that must've been a clerical error.
He showed me the security tape and it shows my comforter being tagged and carted off.
I don't know how they did it but someone somehow replaced my cozy comforter with the piece of crap comforter that was sent home with my husband.
The feelings of frustration and anger were so overpowering I began fantasizing about standing out front of Arcadia Cleaners with signs boycotting the place.
What made all of this even worse was the owner was a total jerk.
Totally full of himself.
I hope whoever stole my comforter at Arcadia is cozy.
It cost me $150 and a lot of time and energy.
As a school counselor I have little $ and little time/energy to be dealing with stuff like this.
Shame on Arcadia cleaners!

Words cannot express how amazing this cleaner is!
Recently I took my mothers 50 year old wedding dress (handmade by my aunt) in to get cleaned.
The originally white lace jacket was almost brown, the vail was brittle and dingy, and the silk and satin dress was yellow.
After meeting with the owner Mark I had every confidence in his abilities.
I picked this up last week and the dress is amazing!
Everything was restored to its former glory and I have this company and its employees to thank for that.

