A great place to find utilitarian beauty items - need a cuticle clipper?
specialty hair dyes?
nail buffers?
Designed for beauty professionals, Sally's doesn't carry many "name' brand items you'll see at a place like Ulta - no Bedhead or Paul Mitchel or Garnier or OPI ... but lots of bulk products that I see in my neighborhood nail salon.
I go for the things like cuticle clippers and nail buffers - good deals and good selections on items if you don't care about the brand.
I recently picked up some nail basecoat and topcoat - the same kind my favorite salon uses, and cheaper than OPI at Ulta, etc.

This Sally's is pretty close to my house, so I've gone in a few times and have never been disappointed.
I do my own hair, so I like being able to pick up products that last longer than the stuff you get in a box at the grocery store.
However, when I first started doing this, I had no idea where to start, and Sally's employees have always been extremely helpful.
When I started waxing on my own, this Sally's employee (short, with dark brown hair) hurried over to show me what she recommended and what was most-purchased, along with tips on how to do it at home without pulling off my entire eyebrow.
There aren't many name brands, but I'm not so much a brand-girl as a 'whatever gets it done' girl, but I like their products a lot - as well as being able to reuse the same bottle for dying over and over (it appeals to the tree-hugger that's lurking in my brain).
I think they have a discount card, I've been asked to sign up a few times, but I've never done it, because the prices aren't ridiculous enough for me to care all that much.
For all the stuff to do my hair, it was barely over box price and lasted three times as long!
This Sally's is definitely a blessing being so close!

I had to purchase one item, and found out the closed a few minutes earlier than advertised.
Not cool.

Got great advice about a Wella toner, the girl explained the first colored listed on the shelf tag was the dominent tone so after a quick glance at my dome she said I should go with a different one than I thought.
They were out of the recommended shade but she said I can come back on Thursday when she gets shipments.
Well my garish brass blonde was driving me nuts so I hit up sallys on tbird which was fully stocked of everything.
After application Im super pleased with the results, plus the toner was buy one get one free, no card required !

