You're not going to find a more well-informed, friendly, helpful staff anywhere in the valley.
If you're looking for hiking, climbing, backpacking, camping, boating or rescue gear, AHS is the first and last store in the valley that you'll need to visit.
My girlfriend just purchased a new backpack and AHS spent as much time as necessary educating us and ensuring that she got the best pack for her needs and budget.
They also put effort into making sure she got the best fit by custom matching the waist belt, shoulder harness and pack to her body.
REI can be good, but AHS is great.
And definitely worth a visit.

Before REI had even considered opening in Phoenix, there was Arizona Hiking Shack.
The staff is knowledgeable and helpful.
They are very good at fitting their customers with the right gear.
They make every effort to be sure that you have what you need and are prepared for your hike, climb or backpacking event.
They are also a great resource for local maps and information.

Hands down, the best hiking supply store in the Valley.
I am a huge fan.

Extremely knowledgeable staff.
Compared to REI, all Hiking Shack staff know as much as the best REI staff do.
I love REI, but you only sometimes get a great staff person at REI to help you.
At the Hiking shack you ALWAYS get great help...with one caveat, if you want specific gear, call ahead and ask when a staff member who knows that gear will be working.
Some of their staff are climbers, some hikers, canyoneerers (which isn't a word, but you get the point), some know search and rescue, etc., so you want to go when the right person is there to help.
Another tip, ask questions.
The staff can give you TONS of info about gear, techniques, trails, weather, etc so there is no dumb question and you'll learn more than you thought you didn't know.
All gear seems to be quality, mid-to high end of what REI carries, and it's a GEAR store, not clothing.
Make sure to check their hours before you go, as they close earlier than larger retailers.

Chris is THE MAN!
i went there to look for a pair of trail running shoes, the Vasque Velocity.
I have not been able to find this shoe anywhere in phoenix, the 5th largest city in the uS.
seriously?
but Chris hooked me up!
he is INCREDIBLY knowledgable about footwear, what each shoe does and when i explained to him what my wants/needs were and showed him how i was standing, he explained to me why X shoe would be better for than Y shoe as well as helped me understand for the first time why i need an orthotic insert.
my feet are feeling GREAT!
i am so happy with them, whenever i need something, i will go there first and YOU SHOULD TOO!

This is a great place to shop for your hiking needs.
As other posters mentioned they are extremely knowledgeable and if the person helping you doesn't know something then someone else there will have the answers to your questions.
I spent well over an hour trying to find a pair of hiking shoes to fit.
The lady who helped me was extremely patient and went out of her way to try and find something that worked.
We did finally find a pair and I've been quite happy with them since.
The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars (I'd give 4.5 if I could...yelp guys think about the half stars) is because of their limited stock.
I realize it's a small store and they can only carry so much but I have to go elsewhere (REI, also a great store) for hiking sandals because they do not carry any at all.
That said, if you want to buy from a place that knows their stuff and will help you right away, go here!
Your choices are somewhat limited but they'll do their best to find something that works for you!

Patient and knowledgable folks who clearly love and use these products.
They cherry-pick selections so you don't have to.
Go here first and support local business.

Great place.
Very knowledgable staff and I found my commando wire saw that I had been searching high-and-low for!
Good selection of footwear and climbing gear, different types of ropes and packs.
Again, great place.
REI actually referred me to them for a tent repair.
NOTE- After 40 years they are not on Cave Creek anymore.
They moved down to Thomas.

i came upon this place driving somewhere else on Thomas road.
they have a really great selection of more high end sleeping bags and tents.
what i really appreciated though was the level of knowledge and expertise the staff exhibited.
i thought i could just run in really quick, look at the sleeping bags, and pop out.
but no......  i got basically a a re-education on sleeping bags (i have an ancient military sleeping bag that weighs a ton and is very, very big), because i haven't bought one in years.
before i know it, i'm so engrossed in the fine tunings of sleeping bags and other sundries, i realize i'm late to where i was headed in the first place!
very cool store and they do rentals too.
oh, they sell EVERYTHING you need for the outdoors except bikes.
tons of rock climbing and mountaineering goods!

Very helpful.
Knew exactly what I needed (a grappling hook) and pointed me in the right direction.
I will use them again.
Very nice.

I was actually let down after stopping into the new location (I remember their old store having way more of a selection of gear overall).
It seemed empty, and they didn't even have a book section which I was looking forward to checking out.
Heads up...they don't carry any mountain bike gear either.
The 3 things I was looking at buying they didn't have (nikwax down wash being one, which shocked the hell out of me because they sell some good bags).
The majority of their small items are locked up behind the counter or under glass, which I thought was a little strange (you can't get hands on and play with things).
If you are shopping a bag, climbing gear, a pack, or kayaking gear, you'll find a wide range of items.
I'd personally go elsewhere for footwear.
To leave on a positive note, they have rentals available, and the service was great!

If you are hiker, camper, rock climber or outdoor enthusiast at all, you need to visit this store.
They have a wide variety of backpacking, kayaking and hiking/climbing equipment and attire.
They have a huge selection of books and maps and their customer associates are knowledgeable and friendly who are also outdoor enthusiasts, so they know what they are talking about and can give you real opinions from their own life experience with the products.

A nice shop with a silly policy.
This shop seemed like a nice find but I had a bad experience.
I went in to rent a climbing harness for a few days.
I was charged $52.
To a neophyte like me this seemed like a good deal but it would have been nice if the worker had told me that they sell better harnesses than the one I rented for less than the rental charge.
When I went to return the harness I suggested that instead of being charged for the rental I buy a harness plus a locking carabiner and an ATC.
They declined my offer and so I will be taking my business to REI in the future.

Plain and simple, these guys know their stuff.
And they will tell you so if you don't listen to them!
When you are buying gear that could potentially make or break your trip, as in you may or may not survive w/o proper equipment, don't kid yourself and trust on-line salespeople and purchases.
Don't wander into REI.
Instead, visit these guys.

I have bought some l items from HS in the past that I couldn't find else where so I turned to them for a pack modification through their repair service.
I needed it for an important trip in January, and let them know that.
TERRIBLE MISTAKE!
I gave them my camera backpack on 11/27/12 WITH the belt and harness that needed rework.
Chris assured me their repair guy would call in a few days to clarify and give me an estimate and let me know if it could be done.
A week went by, I called.
Walt told me the repair guy was a little behind and should call in a few days.
No call.
Long story short, I called every week, was very calm and matter of fact, mentioned by timing need, and got excuses and was told the repair guy would call me.
On Friday the 21st, Chris evidently talked to the repair guy and told me he estimated it at over $100 to $200 and suggested I buy a new camera pack.
I told Chris I still might want the job done, as I had other packs, but wanted the specific customization done on this pack.
AGAIN he committed to getting the guy to call me.
Today, one week later, no call.
I call Chris and he's full of excuses, and actually is abrupt and raises his voice to me on the phone when I finally say I'm not at all happy with how this has gone (I admit I was pretty heated with him in the end, but the customer service mindset is, shall we say, absent here?
Do you blame me?
)  Meanwhile, I'm going next week to a high demand area  in Northern AZ with limited permitting that  I've been trying to get permits to for actually six years, and I need the fixes on this pack, and am left in the lurch.
Chris already had the pack in the store when I called today, and I suspect they've had it since the repair guy gave a high estimate and shuffled it off his pile.
To say I'm pissed off is putting it mildly.
HS, screwed this up beyond belief.
I wasn't asking for certainty on the work, just a freaking phone call with the repairer in time for me to do something else if he couldn't do it.
It's really  not too much to ask, and is, in fact, the basics of decent customer service.
To be even more clear, I had asked REI about this earlier, and they were very specific about would could and couldn't be done through their repair, so I knew where I stood.
HS needs to learn basic customer service.
I'm a pro photographer, I live outdoors and spend a bundle every year on gear.
Guess where I'm not going to spend a penny in the future?
And guess what I'm going to tell all my outdoor buddies about HS?

they don't seem to have as much gear as REI, but AHS has been around for-ever and the people there seem to know what they are talking about.
I went in to find a foot for a hiking stick I am making, and they had a couple of different options to choose from.
These were replacement feet for what I consider hiking sticks for snoots, or more commonly called "Trekking Poles".
Call me old-school, but hey, just about any old stick will work for me.
However, the upshot is that I am all about re-purposing stuff and the part I found is gonna look really nice on my custom-made hiking stick.
I found it quickly and easily.
I like the fact that they have static displays of tents they sell - it helps to see the tent as you would use it, not in a box.
They've got lots of rock-climbing gear, whitewater rafting gear, some backpacks and other stuff.
I saw a bunch of things like flashlights and other small articles hanging on the wall behind counters, so that was kind of a put-off, I don't want to bother the store clerks unless I have a question, but I do want to look and touch stuff before I buy it.
So, if you need the latest fashion in gear, go to REI.
If you want high-quality gear you can trust to do what it's designed for, go to AHS.
That's where I'll be going in the future.

Excellent experience.
My son is a new boy scout and in need of back packing gear.
Judd was terrific.
Patient with our questions and he had my son try on different packs and then loaded them with weight.
Of the packs we looked at, the best pack for him was also the least expensive.
Very supportive and informative.
I believe you should buy local whenever you can and this shop is very good.
We will be back.

They spent nearly an hour with me fitting me in my first pair of real hiking boots, and even fitted me in socks.
They explained how everything should fit and why.
One month later, (also for the first time) I hiked the Grand Canyon in those boots -- to Phantom Ranch and back over two days time.
I did not get so much as a blister.
The trip was an experience of a lifetime.
Properly fitting footwear was no small part of a successful trip.

Stopped in to browse & was saying what a great store they had.
I hike often & have horses so I could have spent a lot of $ there.
Have a friend looking for a kayak & asked a simple question about the used kayaks @ the front  ...
The sales guy gave me a very condescending answer & chuckled.
I will never go back & will spread the word!!
Thx

Charles, thank you for staying with my girlfriend and I after closing when we ran in for a Sedona guidebook 5 minutes before closing because REI didn't have what we were looking for and we had to race across town to get to you before you closed and thank you for opening a few minutes early a few days later when we came back before opening to get more climbing guides for Queen Creek.
This is the go to shop for climbing 411, guides and gear in Phoenix.
Forget REI the Arizona hiking shack has caring, engaged and knowledgeable employees(shout out to the other so cal dude that works there.
I forgot his name) As for the depth of their climbing 411 this is THE place for the $5 local detailed climbing guides.
They are a fantastic resource!

I went in to buy two different hiking boots for different types of hikes coming up this month.
I walked in and was greeted as I walked back to the boots area.
There was already someone being service and I looked around waiting my turn.
After about 30 mins I walked out.
I would have stayed if the person manning the boot area would have acknowledged me to let me know I would be next.
Instead I walked around in the small area, surely making the other customer upset.
I understand the limited staff to maximize profit, but they have to have a way to let a customer wander around the store, while still being "in line" to purchase boots.
Maybe if the attendant said "I will come find you when we're done" or take a number.

The staff are extremely knowledgeable, each with their own experiences as hikers, climbers, backpackers, etc.
If you want some very interesting stories from them, just ask!!
They are truly experts.
You could order whatever you want from the internet, but the expert advice, fitting, and service that you get from shopping at this store is priceless in an area where safety, functionality, & comfort are key.
They always recommend the best gear for my body type, trip, etc.
The selection is excellent, every piece of hiking/climbing/backpacking gear I own is from this shop, and my family has been customers here for 15+ years.

Yeah!
I just love this place.
They are very friendly and helpful and they make you feel welcome as you look for a simple hiking book or way more complicated specialist gear.
I thought their selection was very good and perfect for real backcountry work.
They had some very cool solar lamps and other overnight camping things, as well as a good selection of rock hounding books and tools.
Some excellent picks, for example.
I am not a fan of REI or of any big corporation and so on that alone, I am grateful that this sweet little company is still with us from the 1970's.
The wonderful, idealistic 70's.
Thank you guys, glad you are still here !

Service is well done and they certainly know their stuff, but be prepared to pay the price for it.
If you're a serious outdoors enthusiast it may be worth it, but until I start hiking and camping every weekend, I'm not sure a $300 tent is necessary.
However, if you want to be sure you are getting the best stuff and saving every ounce you can when you pack, then this is the place to go.

