watch out for this one...  Karen Tyler hooks you in with her sarcasm, by working with you, adding creative input, understanding every detail, jotting down notes and sketches, and giving you a great price.. and then NOT delivering.
We had a wedding recently, and were pretty disappointed when many details were not what we had been discussing with Karen for hours and hours and months ahead of time!
She showed up 3 hours later than the time she had repeatedly requested that things be ready on our end for her to start.
The centerpieces had about half the flowers we specified on the contract.
The bouquets were nice but very small.
Certain details were missing, some were just... different.
For example, some urns we had specifically picked out in her store were replaced by little pots covered in fabric.
The week of the wedding, she finds out that she can't order the flowers we requested as there aren't that many in stock--- Also some flowers don't come in the color we decided on with her, so she changed the order.
Shouldn't she have checked months ago when we decided?!?
The estimates on price we had gone over for months in advance changed drastically the week before the wedding.
Fine, she didn't include a few things in the estimate, BUT when it's a $600 increase... it kind of defeats the purpose of an estimate!!
Oh yeah, and the mandap (like a four-posted canopy/gazebo under which we have the actual ceremony) that she set up FELL DOWN!
Karen later claimed that it only "lifted" and she can't account for wind.
We had a clear view from the changing room, and some of our guests even took pictures of this disaster.
Luckily, our hotel's coordinator got it back up and screwed in and secured, something that should have been done from the beginning (maybe if she'd come on time?).
Also luckily, our priest was late so there was noone and no fire under the mandap when it fell.
She didn't fix the draping (which also wasn't like any of the sketches or notes she had put in the contract) after it was back up, so there's a lovely pole showing in all the wedding photos too..
RIDICULOUS!
In the end, some things were great.. but the stress of all this change and all the mess ups on the wedding day is not something worth enduring.

We worked with Karen for the decorations and rentals for our wedding.
Our ballroom for our dinner was not going to be available until during the ceremony, so I needed to hire someone to place my decorations and centerpieces while I was getting married.
We met with Karen and discussed our preferences.
She was very friendly and asked a lot of questions to clarify our vision for our decorations.
Her office/store was pretty disorganized, and I found it easier to contact her via phone, rather than by email.
On the wedding day, Karen constructed and decorated our chuppah and placed our centerpieces on our dinner tables, in addition to providing the table linens.
The chuppah was beautiful, and our centerpieces were exactly as I had communicated to her.
The only small negative thing was that we requested and paid for a unity candle holder for our ceremony.
I didn't realize it hadn't been provided or placed until just before the ceremony, so our taper candles had to be laid down.
Overall, I had a good experience working with Karen.

Karen did the flowers, center pieces, chair rentals, and sashes for my wedding.
We actually paid for fake flowers for our centerpieces and Karen ended up receiving extra of the flowers for my bouquets and she ended up making all my centerpieces out of those extra flowers at no additonal charge.
Karen was super easy to work and very affordable.
Her staff showed up exactly on time for delivery too.
Overall great experience

I found Karen on Yelp and Wedding Wire.
The price was awesome, flowers were gorgeous and Mandap was Amazing.
Karen was creative and responsive to my requests.
Score one for style and my budget.
Even my wedding planner was impressed.

We worked with the owner Karen, for our wedding last weekend.
She was immensely helpful with all the planning, decor and set up- along the entire process.
I'd definitely recommend her business to anyone needing decor assistance for planning an event.
She doesn't have a minimum price or limited location like a lot of other companies.
And her prices are unbeatable!!!
-Brett & Angela

Karen Tyler is a diamond in the rough.she is genuine ,helpful and stays within your budget.
No is not a word in her vocabulary  she goes above and beyond to be helpful   and when you see the finished product  you are totally in awe .
Karen comes highly recommended  for any occasion.KAREN went above and beyond to locate and purchase a specialty item.
She was punctual and came equipped with a whole team who were very efficient.
set up and tear down went smooth and quick.and stress free.

I can't thank Karen enough to coming to my rescue!
3 weeks before my Pakistani wedding I was left without a decorator.
I was introduced to Karen and I am so thankful   I was because she made my dream wedding possible!
In ONE day we planned out my entire Mehndi (a colorful pre-wedding event) and Wedding decor.
She understood the special requirements of a Pakistani/Indian wedding...the bright colors, the furniture requirements, the sometimes over the top grandness that our weddings are known for.
She understood my needs so well that if she couldn't find exactly what we were looking for...SHE MADE IT FROM SCRATCH (i.e all the ORNATE stage seating for 2 events).
Did I mention she did this all in 3 weeks?
The thing about Karen is that she will make your event HER event...every time I met with her, she was excited, brimming with ideas, and so encouraging.
If anyone is looking for a decorator who understands Pakistani/Indian weddings please please please save yourself the hassle and headache I went through with my initial decorator and hire Karen directly!
She can do all your staging, flowers, center pieces, aisle walkways, entrance ways, dance floor decor, etc.. And she will do it with care, honesty, and sincerity.
My mom is still getting calls from guests who say they hadn't seen such  a beautifully decorated wedding before!
Plus, my husband is from Chicago and the Pakistani/Indian weddings there are decorated to the MAX and well, let's just say the Chicago guests were IMPRESSED!
From start to finish, Karen was professional and yet sincere and that's the type of person you want to trust your wedding to!

Karen Tyler at Tyler's Custom Designs is a gem!
She is creative, helpful and very responsive.
Always willing to go that extra mile in making me feel at ease for my special event.
She can work with any budget and often suggests creative ways to still get the same look for a better price, which for us, was just what we were looking for.
Her work rivals the best of Scottsdale's and in my opinion, is better!
Visit with her and you will see what I mean, you will book her on the spot and trust me, you won't regret it!

Incredibly disappointing!
I think that this was the worst decision I made for our wedding.
She didn't provide enough flowers and yet her quote increased at the wedding, and though the ballroom looked nice, the rest of the ceremony and event looked cheap and/or empty and/or full of glitches (thing falling apart, things left fallen by the alter..etc).
She's nice but for the price we paid, we were so disappointed.
I've just spent a lot of time in the floral industry lately and realize now how much beauty and care could have gone into this event but didnt.
For what we paid, I've seen stunning weddings with lush florals and it saddens me when I think about what we got.
Honestly, three years later, I still feel disappointed in the wedding flowers she provided.
I would not recommend her.

Tyler Custom Designs was amazing!
My wedding turned out so beautiful.
Karen and her staff were so easy to work with and prices were very reasonable.
I couldnt do it without her.
I will defintley be using her for my next event!

