Gosh, I'm embarrassed to say I eat here.
But Pei Wei, is a predictable, safe and tame alternative to figuring which Chinese take out places haven't violated any Maricopa County Health Dept.
codes.
Amen on the more preferable wait vs. its monstrous cousin PF.
Personally, I dig the orange peel chicken and minced chicken lettuce wraps similar to the big cousin, but much prefer the more laid-back environs here.
Go Pei Wei.

This food is Americanized Chinese food-- not challenging, not different, and certainly not offensive to the American pallet.
The food tends to be very salty (which Americans tend to like).
It is dependable pedestrian food, the place is noisy, the parking lot crowded.
There are better places to eat Chinese than any of the Pei Wei's in my opinion.

So disappointing.
I do not know what happened to this place... it has progressively gotten worse over time.
I ordered the Mongolian Beef with brown rice-- my very favorite and it didn't taste very good.
It was okay- but just not as good as usual.
The 2 star is for my dish and the zero stars are for my fiance's soppy noodle mess called Chicken lo mein--- ewwwwwwwwww!
I think Ramen noodles tasted better and cost only 11 cents.
They were so mooshy that they barely could stay on the fork-- really gross.
They were tasteless.
We threw it out.
Pei Wei-- I miss the good times.

Really tasty, and a good variety on the menu.
Food is served quickly and the place is always very clean.
Love the crab cakes and spring rolls!
I agree with the previous review about the parking lot, but you can't blame that on the restaurant really.

Hmmmmm..... Chinese?
I think not.
If you are expecting a great meal, go elsewhere.
Pei Wei is a good not so fast version of fast food.
It isn't fine dining, but it certainly serves a purpose.
I'll always pick Pei Wei over a fast food burger, and how anyone can go to Panda Express when this is a couple blocks away is beyond me.
Pei Wei is also a bit overpriced for what it is.
For a long time before the airlines went insane over carry on, i used to bring a Pei Wei kids meal as my personal upgrade.
It's small, well packed, and used to make the other passengers jealous.
I don't go to Pei Wei so much anymore.
Long lines and inadequate service keep me from venturing in their door on any whim.
I will order ahead and pick up.
They rarely get my order right, but whatever i get usually tastes pretty good.
I just never go with the expectation that I will get my correct order.

Menu is smaller than other Pei Wei's.
I wanted pad thai, not available.
Also more expensive.
Won't be going back to this location.

Stopped for dinner.
Lettuce Wraps are amazing.. Crab Ragoons could use some more cream cheese.. overall not a bad meal.

Had the Korean Lettuce Wraps and an Asian Chicken Salad on 06/02.
The lettuce wraps were good but the Asian Chicken Salad had a long hair in it.
I sent it back and another salad was given to me without dressing.
I thought I was imagining things so I had my friend taste it.
He agreed there was no dressing.
I got a refund and went to Paradise Bakery down the street.
I really like Pei Wei but I will never go back to this location.
It seems like they just don't care.

I was a little skeptical to go here because of reviews.
I was pleasantly surprised.
We ordered Mongolian beef, curry chicken and Szechuan green beans.
It was all really good and reasonably priced!!
Loved the green beans!

I've been eating Pei Wei for since 2002 when I worked there in college and have always been a fan, but a couple years back this location turned into a marketplace type setting, which really turned me off.
I think this was done for a lunch crowd and more appropriate vibe for lunch, but my take-away is smaller portions and higher prices.
Don't get me wrong, I still love Pei Wei, but I have to go to 44th and Indian School to get my fix since that location is true to the original concept from 2002.

I love Pei Wei, but I dislike this particular location.
I went to eat dinner with my friend yesterday and the service was not very good.
The guy at the register didn't seem to know what he was doing.
He was trying to give me my change and was out of pennies.
He asked his other two co-workers what he should do ad they didn't seem to know either.
I told him don't worry about it because it seemed as if I would be standing there for ages waiting for pennies.
We sat down and ate and when we were finished we both had leftovers.
Usually at other locations, the employees come and check on you and give you a box.
This was not the case here.
We sat for almost an hour and no one ever came.
We were fine just talking there anyways, but when we were ready to go I went and grabbed my own containers from the counter.
The employees were just hanging out at the register talking to each other.
Poor service.
I won't be back to this location again.

