I have been taking my BMW here for years.
It is your basic, no frills repair shop.
I think they are fair and honest.
I have always been happy with the work.

I have been bringing my multiple Bimmers here for over a decade.
Scott doesn't want to be your friend, he just wants to fix your car.
I had an experience a few years back where my car literally wouldn't run.
I thought I was in for a very expensive fix.
Turns out the vacuum hose separated itself from the manifold.
I simply need a clip replaced.
My total bill was under $25.
If they were a dishonest shop, this would have been the perfect time to take advantage of a customer.
Half the time he tells me what my car needs, but suggests I don't do it for another 6 or 9 months.
I believe honesty comes first with Scott.
In this day, what is that worth?

Fair, honest, and practical.
They've been taking care of my BMW for years and have never let me down.
As a single woman, it's especially important to me to have someone I can trust.
They're far from my home so I've tried taking my car somewhere else a couple of times and wind up coming back to Scott.
It's worth the trip.

Scott and his crew have been done a great job with my '97 Z3 for the five years I've had it.
I would say that he is very conservative and only recommends service that is needed.
I had to talk him into a brake job that he said I didn't need.

I have been bringing my BMW's here since '98.....best BMW shop in town.....they only sell you what you need and they are honest......

I have been going to Scott's for the past 25 years.
I would not own a BMW if it were not for Scott and his team of mechanics over time.
Jeff has taken care of my car for the past 5 years, and is awesome.
Sorry to see Scott retire, but Ray is a great guy and I am sure that he will make Scott's an even better place to take your car.

This is where I take my husband's Mini and they are very helpful, always pleasant, honest and have good prices.
I recommend them!

My friend has a BMW and had engine issues while we were in Phoenix this weekend.
She checked around, figured out the problem from her mechanic in LA and then purchased parts here.
She was directed to Scott's Auto Werks through a referral from a friend.
With the good Yelp rating, she felt comfortable bringing her baby here.
Ray, the manager, was very accommodating and friendly.
He was happy to get to work on her car immediately and use the parts she had purchased.
One hour later, we were ready to go!
Ray put a new spark plug in, just in case, and gave her the 5% discount offered on the check in deal.
Overall, we were both happy with the service but my friend did say that Ray should have given us a verbal estimate of the cost of the service prior to performing the repair.
I'm sure this was just an oversight.
I would recommend this mechanic to BMW owners.

