As I revealed in a previous review, my family loves InnSuites.
This location is nestled in the Squaw Peak Mountain Preserve, close to the prestigious Biltmore area, and offers easy access to downtown Phoenix, Scottsdale and the Camelback corporate corridor.
InnSuites offers comfotable, clean rooms for a very rasonable price.
And as with all of the InnSuites locations, the Northern location includes amenities such as free social hour and free hot breakfast with eggs, potatoes, waffles, toast, cereal, yogurt, fruit, coffee, milk & juices.
There isn't really much within walking distance at this location, so either plan to hang around the pool a lot or you'll need to have a car.

We all stayed at the Best Western Inn and Suites during our recent Cactus League Spring Training vacation.
The rooms were spacious and clean.
The beds were very comfy, the pool and spa area were quite nice.
Even nicer, they served a free full breakfast, eggs, sausage, waffles, etc.
It was very good and saved us I'm sure $20 minimum per day.
As well, they had a happy hour each evening so we got some free drinks and snacks.
All in all, this was a great place to stay and they offer discounts as well thru AAA, etc.
I booked my room on hotwire, so I saved a ton.

I love staying here!

I stayed here for 5 nights and found the staff welcoming, the externior clean and in good repair (they were replacing the walkways when I was there and doing an awesome job), and the rooms clean and comfortable.
Breakfast is complimentary and it is well prepared, warm, and the staff is helpful and friendly.
There was an unexpected problem (through no fault of mine or the hotel and their staff) that was handled exceptionally well.
It is easy to be great when everything goes well...not as easy when they is a problem..Best Western InnSuites Phoenix really saved the day!
I would stay here again and again!

I stayed here last month.
It's your average motel (since the doors face outside, not a hallway), and the breakfast buffet is okay (scrambled eggs, hash browns, sausage links, bacon, cereal, batter to make waffles,   and toast provided).
The walls are REALLY thin, so thin that the guy snoring next door kept us awake all night.
The room was clean and equipped with a mini fridge (like the kind you'd keep in your dorm room) and microwave, although lacking a safety deposit box.
If you want to keep your items safe, you have to bring your items to the front desk, make a list of what you're dropping off, and then sign.
I was uncomfortable making a list, so I decided to forgo this process.
FYI if you call the front desk to order you a taxi, they actually order a car service.
The car is an unmarked, dark-colored Lincoln sedan.
To go to the 16th Street Sports Bar down the street cost us about $10 vs $6 for an actual taxi (which we ended up taking later).
We didn't want to drink and drive, so not bad, but just know that the hotels in the area do not order taxis.
My main complaint is that we didn't have housekeeping service the entire time, hence the two stars.
We left for lunch from 10:30AM - 1:30PM, returned, but housekeeping never arrived.
We left again at 3PM for the rest of the day, and housekeeping, upon arrival back at the room after midnight, hadn't come.
I called the front desk for someone to bring towels, but since there was no one to cover the front desk, we had to go get the towels ourselves.
I also wanted an extra pillow, but the front desk person couldn't leave the front desk to get a pillow out of the housekeeping room.
I thought this was very strange.
I guess for less than $100/night (Hilton resort down the street much more expensive), it's not too bad.
I would probably stay here again for the mere fact that the location is conducing to our activities.
But, if I could find another hotel close by with a similar price, I wouldn't mind staying somewhere else.

First off, Staff Pleasant, Professional, Personal, Room (family suite) Large roomy, super clean, quite atmosphere.
Say was perfect.
Breakfast HOT Delicious & food for thought.
Nothing was burnt or over cooked.
Also we had dishes in our room.
We didn't have to eat out .
FANTASTIC!

Although I didn't spend much time it the hotel, I enjoyed the clean room and comfy bed.
The decor in the room and the lobby was contemporary, and the front desk staff was pleasant.
I would recommend this hotel to those who have business in Phoenix.

This is a great place with a great weekly rate.
The staff is awesome and they have free drinks and snacks at night.
They also have an excellent breakfast in the morning.
The neighborhood is good and I would highly recommend this place.
I had a flat tire one morning and the janitor drove me to get fix a flat and stood by while I filled it.

So we had to switch rooms 2 times before we had the room that we were supposed to have as shown online.
Then!!
We were told the room we were in was not pet friendly for our little dog so a third time.
I thought most of the time the pet-friendly hotels mean that all rooms are pet friendly?
It was just such a hassle to keep moving and the heat did not make it any more pleasant.

I have been here many times for spring break with my family.
It's a great hotel, very cozy, offers breakfast every morning which is great.

First room (257) was a total dive, everything was so so so dirty!
So bad, my 8 year old boy and 9 ur old girl who both like to play and get filthy wouldn't even sit on or touch anything...lol, no BS.
On the plus side and why this place got 3 stars was upon notifying the front desk lady, she immediately moved us to a much better but still kinda dirty room that had been remodeled within the last decade, lol.
But she made it right with excellent care and even gave us a nice cold bottle of wine.
FYI she wasn't even a manager, so I commend the property owners for empowering their staff to make it right for the clients/customers.
Overall a below average property but great customer service here.
Would not stay at again, but would always tell the good part to others due to the employes.

When you walk in the room there would be little doubt that this IS a motel, but with better-than-average decor.
The bed, bathroom and all other stuff are pretty modern but the room itself is small and feels cheap.
Didn't like the air conditioning.
It is very powerful but at the same time noisy as heck.
If you don't own a pair of ear plugs, you'd better be a deep sleeper.
The breakfast is amazing.
Very delicious and a lot of variety to offer.
Couldn't have enough of it.
Too bad we missed social hour where free drinks are provided for everyone.
Overall I'd recommended this place if you are traveling with a budget but still wanna a little spoil during your stay.

