My garage door opener died a few weeks ago.
This company came out and replaced a part.
Was working for 4 days.
Then died again.
They came out a second time and fixed it again.
It broke down 3 days later, same issue.
Called for a 3rd time and was told a tech was coming.
They didn't show.
Mix up in the office apparently.
Rude receptionist didn't want to make things right and said a tech may come in 3 days.
Techs were nice.
Who knows whats up with my garage door opener.
But geez...horrible customer service.
Note: my home warranty company chose this company.
I did not.
Having someone else come tomorrow.

My home warranty company referred me to Hung-Rite they came when they promised an replaced the torsion springs the service person was very helpful and gave me maintenance tips and explained the warranty.Service on the phone is great,  I now have a problem with the lift motor and asked my warranty company to send Hung-Rite, within 5 minutes they worked it out called me back and made the service appointment.

They were pretty awesome!
We bought our home a month ago, and this was a first time ever having an issue and having to use a home warranty.
Late friday night we had a small accident our garage door came off the railing and almost fell on our truck, leaving the truck stuck in the garage without us being able to drive out.
Our home warranty dispatched these guys, and even though their office was closed on the weekends they were able to still send someone out to us on saturday morning.
I made a follow up call to hung rite early saturday morning to find out what time they were coming out, the lady informed me it will probably be on monday since their offices are closed on the weekends and they will not receive the dispatched order until monday.
I told her that wouldn't work out for me since my truck is pretty much stuck in the garage, and the door is hanging halfway open.
She quickly started working on a resolution for me, said she will work something out and call me right back.
A few hours later their guy showed up and quickly repaired everything.
Even though most of it was not covered by the home warranty he still gave us a reasonable price for the repairs.
Way less than we prepared ourselves to pay.
Overall they are great.
I def.
recommend them

The repair man said i needed a new unit...
I told him I wanted the same kind..
They hung it then he said oh your Key pad outside  Does't want to work with your new unit.. Its 70.00 more for the key pad.. OK fine... Then at night when i went out to get into the car there was no lights ,and the belt is hanging and they rod bends when it closes...I called and let them know and she told me that was extra for the sensor  and when I told the Women on the phone that I wanted it done today.. she got very rude with me...and Hung up on me .
I have to wait another week beucz I work!!!!
I see at least 150 people in my place of business and I will NEvER refer them...And I will make sure i tell every client about them.

So they came and fixed everything I had a problem with ... they restored my faith ..

These folks were called via my home warranty company.
Had a bad experience with Sears awhile back and was glad someone else was called.
They worked with me on the time.
They came over.
The guy was nice.
Garage door fixed!
I would be happy to use them again!

Was having trouble with my garage door and my warranty sent them.
Although, my warranty did not cover for the service repair I was very satisfied with the service and professionalism.
My garage door panels are bent and they gave a competitive quote for new panels.
And although I did not buy the panels at the time they were not pushy about trying to sell them and asked me to consider them when I decide to replace them.

The spring broke on my garage door.
The home warranty company called this company.
The receptionist was friendly and helpful and made every effort to work me into the schedule on New Year's Eve since they were closed on New Years Day.
The repairman named Ramon came right before 5pm.
He was very professional and friendly, he fixed the spring and took the extra time to oil all the rollers and change the light bulb in the garage opener unit.
Excellent job fixing the door, and I was so impressed that at 5pm on New Years Eve, when I'm sure he wanted to call it a day, he came and did a great job.
He was friendly, professional, fixed the broken spring, AND he still took the time to do the extra things like oil the rollers and change the burnt out light bulb in the unit.
That kind of service needs to be acknowledged!
I would definitely use them again and recommend them to anyone who wants the job done right, done quickly, by and done by friendly people.
No nonsense, no drama - just got the job done.

