I've been to their other location at 1219 E Glendale Ave, and the bell location is a lot less tucked away and has a nice patio too if you enjoy outdoor eating.
The pizza is consistent with their Glendale Ave location.
and if you've never had their pizza before I highly recommend  it  I could go on and on about growing up in Illinois and eating all the authentic Chicago pizza's.
but I won't , because if there's one thing AZ is full of it's transplants bashing the local fare and raving about the food at home.
keep in mind they serve chicago style thin, which is a change of pace compared to the classic chicago style deep with the layer of sauce on top and the toppings stuffed in the middle.
Typically with chicago style thin, some of the toppings will be under the cheese and it's generally a sweeter marinara than most are used to.
If you're not in the mood for pizza I can also recommend the spaghetti calzone which my wife will order from time to time, I recommend ordering this with meatballs.
but personally I'm a sucker for the pizza, also the prices are pretty reasonable and expect to have leftovers unless you've got a real A-game appetite  If you don't know the story behind Spinato's originally it was under the name Aurelio's which if you've ever been in the chicagoland area is a local family owned favorite throughout the state.
and my personal favorite, and one of my "we have to eat here" places when I go home to visit.
Aurelios started out in AZ by a relative of the Aurelio family and eventually the family owned franchised took off the aurelios name, but continued to deliver the same high quality pizza under their own name Spinato.
the pizza is not verbatim to Aurelios in IL, but it's damn close, damn tasty and good enough to inspire childhood nostalgia and a drive from surprise to 16th st and Bell.
I'm almost a little sad that I didn't discover Spinato's up until last year.
My wife has in the past even looked into getting mail order frozen pizza from Aurelios dry ice and absorbinent fees and all.
and the closest thing I could find was deno's which was made in  the same style but the flavors were different.
fortunately they like to order this pizza at work and one day I tasted some pizza and was immediately reminded, I looked at the box did some googling and was amazed that they were here all along.
I hope to frequent Spinato's and hope they setup a location further west.

I had heard great things about Spinato's, but never thought much about it.
However, I was lucky enough to try some of their sausage pizza at the Local First Fall Festival and was blown away.
Here they were, amidst chefs from various posh restaurants, outside of Duck and Decanter of all places and when I walked away from the festival I couldn't stop thinking about that incredible pizza!
I have since found that this location delivers to my place (dangerous discovery) and have fought hard to limit my indulgences.
But if you like pizza with a thin, yet not crispy, crust with fresh ingredients and just enough grease to meld the flavors, you need to give Spinato's a try.

Spinato's has one of the best tomato sauces that I've had.
My server informed me that it is actually not made on premises, but rather shipped in from somewhere else in the U.S.  Pastas are notable because of the sauce & its dominance in flavor.
Pizza is average to above average.
Not crazy about the crust.
Law enforcement seem to frequent this place, so it has a nice local stamp of approval.

I first tried Spinato's about a year and a half ago.
I really liked it and wanted to go back, but for some reason, the wife didn't want to go back.
Yesterday, I finally convinced her to go back (with an assist from her sister, who is a fan).
We arrived right around 6:00pm and the wait was 30-35 minutes for a table  (Note:  This was odd as they have a patio with 5-10 tables, yet it didn't appear that they were seating anyone out there...not sure if it was because it was so windy?).
We decided to put in a order to-go instead.
Twenty five minutes later, our order was ready.
We ordered the Mamma's Signature pizza, which comes with baby spinach, diced tomatoes and garlic.
On the way back, I  was worried that the pizza wasn't going to be as good as I remembered and that I had built it up too much in my mind.
Nope, it was still delicious.
The nice sweet sauce and the crispy crust on the outside, it was great.
(The middle pieces seemed to get a little soggy, but I blame that on the drive home, rather than anything Spinato's did...).
Even the wife said it was better than she remembered, so it looks like there may be more Spinato's in my future!
The only downside was that we did not order any of their delicious garlic bread (one battle at a time!).
I give Spinato's four stars due to the deliciousness of the pizza and the fact that I'll likely make return visits.
I'm looking forward to having the leftovers too!

We stopped in at Spinato's the other day and had some thin crust pizza and a baked spaghetti calzone.
All the food was delicious, especially the baked spaghetti calzone, which was something unique.
The pizza was a bit too greasy for us, but some people like it that way.
They also had a nice little outdoor patio area, but it was too windy at the time for us to sit there.
Plus, great beer on tap to boot!
They carry New Belgium's Fat Tire and Four Peak's Kiltlifter on tap.
Thank you!
They have a specific happy hour special for each day of the week, so check out their deals schedule before picking a night to dine there.
We will be back.

Pizza was much better than I remembered.
Crust came out quite well with just enough crispness and golden color.
Cheese was flavorful, and diced tomatoes were sweet and delicious.
Side of sauce is necessary here because it is so good.
Don't forget to try the Calzones.
I had a small hiccup with service, but otherwise this was a great dining experience and the food is consistently good.

Recently ordered Spinato's again and just had to update to 5 stars... as much as I've always loved NYPD, I have to admit that this really is the best pizza I've had in the valley.
It's not fair to compare the two, as they're totally different styles, but it's just so good.
And they're local.
Can't beat it!

For a city saturated with Little Cesar's, Pizza Hut, Papa John's this place is a welcomed site.
I've always had great service and really, really good pizza.
I'm not generally a spinach fan, but their spinach pizza (award winning) has to be the best around.
It would have to take a lot to dethrone this place as my favorite pizza joint.
Their cheesy garlic bread is also pretty good.

Greatest pizza in the valley.
Only thing that compares is oregonoes.

Hands down the Best Pizza in town!
Best Sausage...Mmmm!

After a ASU home game win.. My very happy bf ordered up a Chicago style pizza from Spinatos..
THIS pizza rocks the valley.. enuf said.. perfect crust texture.. and just the right amount of toppings.. & every week since then..
I beg him to order it when Im over...
The small is enough for he and I.. Get your sauce for the side... and yum!

I seriously love the "Mama's Special" spinich pizza, but sometimes I get carried away and eat way too much of it!
Last night we picked up a "Super 6" and ate the whole thing in about 20 minutes it was so good!
Their pizza is the absolute best I have ever had.
From the scrumptious crust and savory sauce to the tasty toppings that are baked into the incredible cheese I don't know another pizza that makes me so happy!

OMG- their spaghetti and meatball calzone is freakin amazing!
I don't know what my obsession with meatballs means, but this thing was incredible!
We got a medium and split it and wished there was more after it was gone.
Well done!

They make a decent pizza with ample toppings and a chewy crust.
Better, their sauce is sweet!

Mamma Spinato's Signature Fresh Spinach pizza = the best ever!

Must say this is the best pizza I've tasted in the valley!
Went here Friday night with my husband and we were in the mood for something naughty... we found it..     We ordered "The Super Six Pizza", which is sorta the combo they have....    As soon as I saw it I thought, Come here you little slice of heaven..spank, spank....
I think it was a little of everything that made this pizza for me...
The sauce was sweet and had a lot of tasty flavor.
The toppings were the perfect amount and you could actually taste all the different flavors of the meats while eating them.
The cheese was plentiful and the medium pizza for the two of us was more then enough.
You can really taste the love that was put into this pie.
I think it was the owner or chef, or both that came out and greeted everyone on the porch chit chatting with everyone to make it feel more homely.
**** Yes I think my search for a fabulous pizza is over with, I woke up the next morning craving it...  ****  Must return, and must return soon.

Went back Saturday for lunch, Oh my... so good..Ordered the same as last time expect on our pizza our waitress recommended to put onions on it...she was right that was gooooooood.
Hubby and me fought over the leftovers that night...hehe...   so good..

A great family-owned and operated neighborhood pizza place, Spinato's has a really sweet sauce on their pies that I cant get enough of.
Square cut pizza is always easier to share with the family too.
Eat-in or takeout service is always top-notch.

We went there on a Saturday evening.
It was packed, but we only waited for a minute before being seated.
the service was fast.
The staff was polite.
The pizza was very good.
I wouldnt say that it was the best that I ever had.... because Deluca's Pizza in Lansing, Michigan is the best.... but overall, we were very pleased with Spinatos.
We will definately return.

Nothing new here - except to say the pizza was awesome.
I'm a late convert to Spinato's - a neighbor told us of the gluten-free crusts they offer (courtesy of www.glutenfreecreations.com).
I eat regular crust but some in my family are wheat sensitive, so we hit Spinato's for their GF pizza.
The wheat sensitive ones loved the gluten free pizza and this wheat eater loved the regular pizza.
If you love excellent pizza, hit Spinato's.
http://www.spinatospizza.com/

Great restaurant for family, friends or even date night!
Each time I go, I'm treated like family.
Excellent service and excellent food at a great price.
My favorite is the Mama's Spinatos Signature Fresh Calzone with Ricotta.
It is out of this world good!

This place is awesome!
My favorite is the Garlic Spinach pizza.

I really haven't found much better pizza in the north Phoenix area.
The thin crust is definitely the way to go.
The toppings and cheese are plenty and the sauce is a good compliment (a bit sweet for my taste, but not enough to overpower the pizza).
We sat outside and let's be honest here, it's hard for an Arizona restaurant to have an outside patio and have anyone want to sit at it between May and October.
But it was pleasant (if not a bit windy from the hurricane fans and misters).
The service was good and the total for both of us (1 medium pizza, 1 salad that we split and 2 iced teas) was $35.00.
I was really impressed that they had a separate gluten-free menu.
I can eat wheat for days, but it is nice to go to a place that offers alternatives for those people who need them.
All in all, I'd recommend Spinato's.
We will definitely be going back (mainly so my husband can try the spaghetti calzone)

$30 for a Margherita pizza and some Bruschetta it was ok nothing really memorable about it though other than the price.
After reading some of the other reviews I will give it another chance and try something else though.

At some distant time when Phoenix is all but ruins and covered over by the sands of the desert, the people who yet live will weep in anguish, not for the lost progress of science, or the greatness of our architecture, but for the fact they can no longer get Spinato's pizza.
Count yourselves incredibly fortunate to be living in The Age of Spinato's.

This is hands down the very best pizza place in Phoenix.
As a former Chicagoan, I know Chicago style pizza, and Spinato's is CHICAGO STYLE.
They offer excellent service, fast and friendly waiters and waitresses (can you still say that or are they really just waitpeople now?
) The food is great -- all of their offerings.
The atmosphere is homey, and family oriented.
Their location on Bell and 16th is small -- so big parties plan ahead (they will put tables together for you).
They do have a nice outdoor area, but it gets hot in the summer, and sometimes smoke drifts in from patrons at neighboring businesses.
Overall, excellent food, good prices, and real Chicago Style pizza.
Two thumbs up!

Tried it once more since Lucky's closed I have to find a new pizza place.
Sigh....  Service is excellent they knew immediately what we ordered last time.
We tried the signature pizza this time since its the most popular.
The delivery was very quick I admit but the pizza still leaves me looking for a new pizza place.
The toppings were all good spinach nice and crispy and then the sauce is good but way too sweet for my taste!
It makes me wonder if the secret seasonings have something to do with sugar?
Oh well I really tried liking this since its so close but what can a girl do?

One of my students moms raved about this place so we tried it.
Now their pizza is my favorite!
It's sweet and a delightful change from the corporate pizza out there.

I like pizza, but it's always been hard to distinguish why I would choose one pizza over another.
This pizza had good cheese...that pizza had good pizza crust....but what makes a pizza memorable?
I still don't know the answer, but one example of a pizza that stands out is Spinato's.
I discovered Spinato's cheesy goodness years ago.
My sister asked me to pick up a pizza from this place called Spinato's on the way to her house, but actually...it wasn't even technically on the way to her house.
Having never heard of Spinato's, I figured it was just going to be another average joe pizza experience.
Then she told me what she ordered: sausage and pepperoni.
Sausage?
Really?
But she swore by it which was random for her to swear by sausage so I went with it, thinking either she's gone off the rocker or this pizza might be something different.
I had to smell the pizza for a 10 minute drive on the way to her house.
It took everything in me not to pull over on the side of the road and gobble a slice then and there, but for me it's almost as much about the experience eating the food as the food itself, so I wanted to cherish the moment.
So to make a long story short, I got home, took one bite of the pizza, tasted this sweet and salty sausage on fresh dough with the cheesy of all cheeses and I knew why my sister made me drive out of my way to pick it up.
Now, I live by about 10 pizza places, but I would actually drive the 20 minutes to Spinato's for this pizza.
It's hard to explain, but it's something about the combination of ingredients and the authentic pizza parlor feel when you bite into a slice.
It's just one of those pizzas you have to try in your life.
So, if you are ever in the area or up for a drive, my suggestion is giving Spinato's a try.
For pizza in Arizona, it ain't bad!

Thanks again to my Yelpers.
I live like a block from this place and never thought to try it because Pizza can just be pizza sometimes.
I LOVE pizza too!.
Its hard to find a good joint.
We went there on Friday night for some pie and maybe some dessert.
Good service.
Good people.
Good food.
We had the Get meaty and the Spicy Italian.
Not sure which one i liked better.
Both were excellent.
Fresh ingredients and it was hot too.
The brownie dessert was pretty awesome too.
Ken stopped by our table and had a nice conversation with him about Yelp and how we found his restaurant and how I would go home and yelp about Spinato's.

Spinato's is by far the best pizza in Phoenix.
The sauce RULES!
THe crust is excellent too, as is the ambiance.
Service is always supurb.
It is especially nice to see a family-run restraurant; a rarity these days.
We have fond memories when the founder, Joe, would go table to table talking with the patrons, and sharing stories of the old days in Chicago.
We often take guests from out of town here, and they ask to go back, whenever they are in town!
Salads are great, and a very good portion, makes for sharing one with your guests possible.
This is THE PLACE to take anyone that you wish to impress with an excellent meal.

Although they don't have the best food in town, it's not the worst by any means.
it seems to be a bit healthier of an option if you're REALLY needing pizza, too.
My vegetarian friend appreciated the veggie options here.
I will put this out there though... their breaksticks must be sprinkled with love (or crack) because when they're on the table, I just cannot control myself!

My favorite pizza in town.
Its all about their pizza sauce in my opinion.

THIS IS NOT YOUR AVERAGE PIZZA.
If you have never had a Spinatos Pizza you need to try this place.
You will be very impressed.
Great Service!
Great Food!
Great Desserts!
We have been coming here for a while now and cannot get enough of this place, They have a great tasting pie.
We usually get a Hawaiian and once you put the first piece in your mouth you cant stop eating it.
I highly recommend this place for your next stop.
They have 4 locations and all family owned and operated.
I have ate a lot of pizza over my time and this the best hands down.
Also try their desserts they were created by the owners wife and are a great compliment to the end of a great meal.
Once you eat at Spinato's you become like family.
MMM GOOD!

I rarely visit a restaurant where the service stands out to the point that it deserves an update to the five star review I already gave it.
While visiting Spinatos recently, I couldn't help but notice how very friendly the restaurant staff.
Immediately upon entering, we were greeted by a very friendly hostess who showed us to our seats and grabbed us water right away.
Then, the second the the hostess left, the waitress appeared and enthusiastically greeted us.
The friendly service continued until the moment we left and it left a lasting impression on me.
Staff is normally friendly, but the Spinatos staff definitely woke up on the right side of the bed and you can tell that they truly love where they work!
Great pizza and great staff!
A + Spinatos!

4-5 locations.. all 4.5 star average..
I think Arizona really has some fantastic Pizza options, and Spinatos is at the top of my pizza fix list.. the semi sweet sauce is addictive, great service, fresh ingredients, The Spicy Italian is my favorite...
The chocolate chips cookies are laced with mind altering drugs, that make your body parts"romantic" when you think of their cookies.. BTW 5:30pm, on a Tuesday, when we left, a 30 minute wait.. Its on the List..

I had heard how good Spinato's was in the past, but had never tried it until this past Friday night.
We decided to have them deliver & ordered the following: their signature pizza (med), small dinner salad, garlic bread sticks (4) & apple serenata for dessert.
The pizza was pretty good, but the sauce was a lil too sweet for us.
Hubby liked his salad, it was pretty standard as far as salads go.
The bread sticks were good & came with delish marinara sauce.
The apple thingy was pretty good but they don't deliver ice cream (understandable), so I don't think I got the full effect.
Overall, we might order from here again but we're not in any hurry.
P.S.
I loved their family photo on the pizza box!

Spinatos is not your normal pizza - its heaven on a plate.
You must get the Mama's Original Spinach... sooooo good.
The sauce has a sweet flavor to it.
Unlike any other pizza I've had.
For sure filling.
The other thing my husband and I love about this place is that it's very obviously family run.
The teenage kids work the front and act as servers - we love the vibe.
I think its BYOB, too - bonus.
Unique pizza that's great to mix up the usual slice routine once in a while.

One of my most favorite places!
We happened along this place by accident while enjoying a "stay-cation" at a local resort.
We were starving and not looking to pay resort prices for dinner.
A quick little drive and we saw a sign that said pizza.
The best accident we had!
Location is in a strip mall and not terribly inviting, but go anyway because once you hit the front door it's like you walked into a friends house.
Great smell from the kitchen and a small little bar with plenty of good beverages and cold beer.
So take a look at the menu, ask for suggestions.
The sausage is homemade and fantastic.
My favorite crust is the thinner "crispier" crust.
and there is no expense spared on toppings smothering edge to edge.
So if you like to actually enjoy your toppings & sauce not just get a mouthful of dough this is your place.
Word of warning, everything is big!
The small salad easily feeds three & do try the garlic ranch dressing.
The spaghetti is good, with homemade meatballs and the sauce...well let's just say the sauce is more of a sweet sauce full of taste and not just tomato paste.
So our favorite pizza has quickly become the peperoni & sausage.
We like to add sweet peppers too.
But really you can go wrong.
And even the Margarita pizza is outstanding.
We have dined in & they deliver.
Just got to the website & place a web order.
Pizza was here in no time.
I love taking out of town friends & family here because it is local owned & operated.
A great family place and reasonably priced!

Love...love...love Spinatos!
Honestly, one of the best pizzas in town.
I've been eating here since the mid 90's and it has consistently been great!
I usually get the Super Six.
It has everything on there except the kitchen sink!
The thin crust is never ever soggy and that sweet sauce is like crack to me!
The service is always great.
Do expect a wait on Fridays and Saturdays.
If you have more than 8 people in your party, prepare to wait atleast 1 hour or more on busy nights.
For an appetizer, totally go for the bruschetta!

I really like this place and I must say it's the best pizza I have had West of Chicago.
The sauce is on the sweet side, but I like that.
It's kid friendly so it's a great casual place to be with family and friends without a pretentious side to it.
The lines can be a little long at times but I think it's worth the wait.

The spaghetti and meatball calzone was genius.
Would have likes more sauce in the calzone but maybe I didn't order  it properly.
The thin crust pizza was very good reminded me of Donato's back in Indy.
Would definitely go again this was a pick up order will try in restaurant next time.

This place is the best pizza in Phoenix!
There is also one by Tempe Market place.
Our favorite is the Homade Italian Sausage and Peperoni pizza!
When the Tempe location first opened it was like a hidden gem that no one knew about.
Now the wait can be any where from 15 to 45 minutes!
The deliver around the mall and you can always call in and pick up!
The awesome thing is they know your name when you call in and they keep track of what you have ordered in the past!
BEST PIZZA!

I basing this rating only on the two types of spinach pizza they have because that is all we have ordered from them.
Those pizzas are delicious and absolutely addictive.
I usually don't like sweet pizza sauces but their sauce is awesome.
I usually don't like spending that much money on pizza (a large spinach is $20) but it is so damn good that they have me wrapped around their finger.
Service is good too.
We have only ordered take out but they have always been friendly and accurate with their time.
We have shown up early before and ordered a beer at the bar while we wait for our pizza.
It seems that they have good beer specials most of the time.
Delicious pizza and worth every penny!

I was skeptical about "Phoenix Pizza" after growing up with NYC pizza.
However, Spinato's didn't disappoint!
We had the spinach/garlic/tomato (their house special) and it was delicious.
Different for sure than a typical NYC pizza, but oh so good.
If you are in Phoenix definitely try it out!
Oh, and the wait staff was super friendly and the beer selection great!

Spinato's.
Where shall we begin?
First of all my boyfriend and I were looking to try someplace new, and thanks to you Yelpers we found Spinato's!
FANTASTIC PIZZA.
I feel ruined.
I could never eat from another pizza joint and feel okay about it...This place is in its own league.
The only knock on this location is the ambiance leaves a bit to be desired.
We'll be back :)

Great food.
Great atmosphere.
Great staff.

I've driven past here a million times to have coffee at True Brew; how have I not stopped in before?!
It's smack in the middle of a strip mall-so you'd almost miss it if you didn't know it was there.
We went on a Friday night and it was jam packed.
We sat out on the patio, which does a great job of disguising it's parking lot with black out shades.
A great family vibe, and really tasty thin crust pizza (I had the marguerita pizza..so good)!!
Definitely a new fave pizza spot for me.

Absolutely the best pizza in all of Arizona.
Locations in Ahwatukee, Tempe, N. Scottsdale and North and Central Phoenix you have NO EXUSE not to go.
My only complaint about Spinato's is I eat way, way too much every time I go.
God Bless the Spinato family!

If you like your sauce sweet - I mean SUGAR sweet then this is the place for you.
It does remind me of some Chicago pizzas I had as a kid - Just don't care much for the suagr sauce anymore...to each their own...

Went here with group of friends for dinner.
Waited for a long long time - 90 min.
(granted.
my fault not making a reservation).
I cant say it for my friends, but I feel it was worth the wait.
I wanted to try this place because it says its the best pizza in arizona.
Two pizzas I enjoyed the most were Combo and Mama Spinato's pizza.
Right in the middle between soft and crunchy, just right amount of cheese, and savory taste.
Service was great even though we were eating at the balcony.
Definitely will come back

The best pizza in the great state of Arizona!
Enough said

A NJ girl has a hard time finding great pizza in AZ.
This place is Chicago style but not deep dish like pizzeria UNO.
The sauce is sweet just like i make at home.
Toppings are fresh and plentiful without being to much.
The bruschetta is fantastic!
No reservations so be prepared to wait but it is worth it!
The take and bake option provides a great product without all the standing around.

This is our favorite pizza place...we probably go once a week and enjoy ourselves every single time.
The pizza is AMAZING!!
We always get the same thing,  a large (cause we always want to take some home!
) thin crust pizza with green olives, feta and salami... and it is literally the best pizza we've ever had!
Wednesday nights they have 1/2 of a bottle of wine and their house red is pretty good.
Very family friendly (sometimes too many families...) but the patio is always a good, chill option.
Def dont pass up an opportunity to experience Spinatos!

We ordered pizza delivery half Chicago and half Italiano, although it tooks in total 1 hour , they told us in advance so we were ready to wait.
The delivery girl was friendly.
The pizza was delicious, but a little pricey - its expensive when you add $5 delivery charge.
Maybe next time we will pick up or go to the restaurant.
I recommend it if you want a good pizza

Not good.
We wanted to leave our leftovers on the table!
Sauce was way too sweet and crust was way too chewy.
Definitely not going back!

Went with a friend on a sat afternoon and we were in the mood for pizza and he suggested Spinato's, mainly because it's his fav pizza joint and I'm willing to try new things, so why not.
We got their and the place wasn't very busy, and was seated right away.
I ordered a salad, I didn't realize until after I ordered it how huge they are and split with my friend, it was very fresh and good!
We ordered a med Super Six, let me tell you, best pizza crust ever!!!
It was so delish!
Look forward to another trip back and work my way through the menu!

Spinatos has the best pizza in Phoenix by far!
The sauce is delicious and the mamas signature spinach pizza is amazing!
I can't resist the canoli for dessert, yum!!

Add me to the Maria fan club.
Seriously, I love that chick.
Hand to God, if I ever had to fight in a trench, in a war, the first person I would want on my team would be Maria.
She's a doll but she might kick your ass.
"For sure!
"  We started with the spaghetti calzone.
Yeah, you heard me.
They take spaghetti and they stuff it in a calzone.
In.
A. Cal.
Zone.
It reminded me of when I was a kind and we would make spaghetti sandwiches.
No, I'm not kidding about that.
It was delicious and I have dreams about it.
They have those really thin metal forks that only pizza places have and mine kept bending the dough was so nice and thick and good.
The sauce for the pizza and the calzone is a happy thing.
Tangy but sweet, as well.
I could eat with we a well bent spoon.
The pizza was good but we only got a small due to the calzone.
Next time, I want to go with more people and get a bigger one so I can love on the cheese and toppings.
Lastly, the sodas come with that really awesome crushed ice that looks like jagged little pellets.
To me, that's a clear sign you're in a good pizza joint.

Spinatos is awesome.
I don't know this place slipped under my radar for so long.
It's been here since the 80's.
Went here for lunch 2 weeks ago and plan on making it a weekly habit since.
I went with 2 coworkers last time and we split a Chicago pizza, excellent, and less than $7 each with tip...
Previous time to that was a spinach topped mini pie that hooked me.
So hungry now and it's almost lunch time, maybe we should make it a 2 times per week minimum stop.

Perfect what can I say yummy .good service  and the best sauce

I HATE when I have a preconceived review of a 5 star rating and I get disappointed.
I just wish I tried this one for lunch not a full dinner.
Spinatos disappointed me big time.
The waitress was a ditz, seemed like she was busy thinking about drinking as soon as she got off work.
The pizza was OK... they did not ask what crust we preferred and we got the thin.
(not my favorite)   The toppings were very sparse and not that fresh.
(we got the 6 toppings on kinda like a "everything"   The sauce was so sweet I thought it was a frozen kid pizza.
The salad, while large, was brown wilted, bagged lettuce.
The tomatoes were dry and colorless.
We asked for garlic ranch and she gave us Italian.
They do not have Blue Cheese dressing either   The ravioli was boring, the bread stick was hard and dried out.
She came by asked what type of gelato the kids wanted, came back 5 min later and had totally forgot she asked asked already.
I was not impressed at all by the entire meal.

I'd heard about Spinato's for some time, but never found myself in the neighborhood to stop in and try it...until yesterday...WOW!!
I can't comment on the dining-in service, but I definitely have something to say about the pizza!
Some say it's hard to mess up a pizza, and other say pizza preferences are personal.
What I loved about the pizza here was that the sauce was not too salty, not too sweet, and not too tomatoe-y/out of a can tasting.
It was perfect!
The cheese also quality and aplenty.
I haaaaate when places skimp on the cheese.
The toppings were great and also not sparse.
The pizza didn't have an inch of grease on it and didn't have that soggy middle bottom like some places leave their pizzas.
The crust was thin enough so that you didn't feel like you might as well have ordered a bread basket, but not so thin that you felt like you were eating off a cracker.
As Chicagoans, we had the Chicago pizza...fantastic!!!
I can't wait to come back here again and try their other pizzas and calzones.
So happy I was introduced to the greatness that is Spinato's!

Nice place, good taste and good cheese also.
At least the specialty is not spicy.

I am a Chicagoan.
Not the suburbs of Chicago, but the heart of the city.
There are a number of things I miss about my city: Garrett's popcorn, neighbood festivals every weekend, Lou Malnati's pizza and of course my family.....not necessarily in that order.
When someone says they have Chicago-style pizza I feel it is my duty to try it.
There are a bunch of pizza places in Chicago that have amazing pizza and they all do it differently so there isn't just way one to make Chicago-style pizza, but Spinato's came pretty damn close.
We ordered the Chicago-style with 1/2 mushroom for my man.
The mixture of yellow and red bell pepper was a nice touch, most places use green bell peppers.
The sauce was a bit on the sweet side, I'm not used to that.
The pizza was not greasy, had the right amount of cheese and toppings and the cornmeal crust reminded me of home.
I'm happy to say that Spinato's lived up to the hype.

Probably the best place for pizza and calzones.
I love the atmosphere and service here.
Its very mom & pop, but professional and fun at the same time.
I've  taken my friends and family here, and both groups are quite critical in their own way... but they LOVED the place.
My best friend Anthony is from NM and seriously comes to visit me because of our frequent visits to Spinatos - not to see me.
Obsessed with the spinach calzones.
Joey is my favorite server.
the riesling is divine.

Good service, good beer selection, very good pizza.
I'll be back.

The gluten-free pizza at this place is amazing.
In fact, I'd say it's the best gluten-free pizza I've had since I was diagnosed with Celiac Disease seven years ago.
Unfortunately, I don't live in Arizona, but I can pretty much guarantee I'll be ordering the spinach special gluten-free pizza every time I come visit family.
Bonus points: Redbridge gluten-free beer for only $3 a bottle!

We ordered the combo Chi style pizza.
OMG!
Yummy, yummy, yummy.
I ate until I was full and then ate some more.
I'm a definite fan.
The sauce is a little sweet, but it works.
I'm looking forward to trying the location in Scottsdale.
I'm thinking about trying  a calzone.

One of our favorite places for pizza!
Their antipasta salad is wonderful with their house Italian.
Mama's Signature spinach, tomato and garlic pizza should not be missed.
The kids always get the pepperoni and sausage pizza.
Spaghetti calzone sounds odd, I know, but if you're feeling adventurous, you should definitely try it.
They also have the best gluten free crust!
I order it even though I don't have any problem with gluten.
Their family recipe sauce is sweeter than most but still very good.
If you're looking for a local pizza place you can't find anywhere else, you don't want to miss this!

Love love their spaghetti calzones...the sauce is not too tangy and they add just enough cheese and the dough/ crust is baked just right.

Incredible pizza!
Garlic bread was good too!
A little pricey but totally worth it.

This restaurant was highly recommended to us - so much so that if we did not like our meal he would reimburse us.
No need to...  We had a large pizza - pretty good toppings - I don't think the mushrooms were fresh though and the sauce was a little too sweet for my taste.
The service was very friendly and we also had a dessert - Apple Spendata (sp) very good.
We definitely go back and try something different.
We visited for lunch on 12/31/11 - not too busy  - yet.......

Wow, Spinato's well done well done..
Okay since i am yelping this based off  my experience it has to be a 4 not a 5.
The food...amazing, got the signature mama...something something..pizza, the one on the top.
We ordered it with some italian sausage, since it doesn't come with meat at all.
Well the pizza came out and it was AMAZING...but no sausage :( imagine if it had sausage i would have been happy.
The dough was/is a garlic dough which makes it delicious.
I really loved the strong garlic essence coming off the pizza.
All the flavors mingled together perfectly to create a sensational bite.
(um hog the corner pieces if you can, they be the best) The sauce was sweet, which turned it into a different beast of a pizza.
Either way i loved it, but would have loved it more with italian sausage.
The waitress admitted she forgot to add that to our order and made up for it with a discount..
Awesome!
she offered we didn't even say eww take it back or anything (because at this point we were too hungry to wait again)  The service was a little awkward at times, but it was great none the less.
Their desserts are really good as well, i am no canolli connoisseur, but this was delicious to me...  i would easily blow my paycheck here IF they had wings too...but the pizza is good enough for half my paycheck...

Mmmmm, the signature mama is so yummy!
I love that they deliver to my home too!

Yum.
Signature Mama all the way.
This is a great place, no matter how you slice it.

When I moved into the neighborhood, one of my friends said I had to try Spinato's.
So I ordered a few pies for everyone who helped me move.
They are not near as cheap as fast food pizza joints, but it's worth the price.
While the crust is a little thicker and lacks the crispness of traditional Chicago thin crust, it is fantastic pizza!
(For more traditional Chicago thin crust, try Johnnie's on Cave Creek)  Sauce is nice and sweet, and they have a large variety of fresh toppings.
This place gets busy most nights, and delivery can be an hour or longer during prime pizza hours, so plan ahead.
(I haven't had any calzone or pasta dishes, and always gotten delivery or pick-up)

Love Spinato's!
Eat it all the time.
If you think it's not good you probably ordered wrong.
:-) We always order the thick crust with garlic, feta, salami, italian beef and basil.
Toppings are ALWAYS plentiful.
If you think the sauce is too sweet (which I don't) try adding garlic, feta, even a little sprinkle of salt.
This pizza is to die for!
Yummy!

As a former NYer, I am pretty biased.
But I have to say that it was pretty good (for AZ Pizza).
Haha.
No seriously, I would go back.
I had a calzone (you have to ask for Ricotta to be added to it, which I thought was a little weird) but it was actually really good.
Friends with me ordered a Pizza and it looked ok - not like NY Pizza, but everyone seemed happy.
We were there for lunch during work and the service was great.
Never a dirty plate or an empty glass.
Would def recommend this place again.

I'm glad that I finally found yet another pizzeria that offers gluten-free options for pizza and other items.
The gluten-free pizza crust is made by GFC (Gluten Free Creations, one of my fave GF establishments in the city).
Tucked in a quiet commercial strip, the place has a very casual vibe and very friendly service.
The sauce tends to lean a bit toward the sweet side, but pleasantly so, in my opinion.
Nice to know that I have a cool place to reward myself after a hike at nearby Lookout Mountain.

Awesome chicago style pizza.
Finally a great pizza place in Arizona.

This place smeels incredible when you first walk-in.
The major plus was that when you ordered, and received your food, (which by the way was friendly service with a smile and not a lengthy wait) it actually tasted as good as it smelled!
We will definitely go back for another visit!
I love the small, but family friendly environment as well.
Everyone seemed to enjoy their jobs there and all of the customers were great, all interacting with perfect strangers.
Just a really great vibe!
The only thing I would mention is that personally I prefer a more savory or herby flavor in my pizza sauce, and their is very sweet.
My husband LOVED IT!
I liked it too, but it got to be too sweet for my "buds" after a few bites.
AWESOME PLACE THOUGH!
check it out.

If I were a tasting judge for the best pizza in town, this one would be one of my top picks.
I've eaten pizza in New York, and Chicago.
This pie, bar none, is up there with some of the best I've ever had.
This sauce!
OMG, tastes like home.
I've found my go to pizza place!
Please go and judge for yourself!

I'm not a huge pizza eater but when I do, it has to be good.
Spinato's lives up to its reputation for having really good pies.
I tried a large mushroom and antipasti salad.
Both were very good and I would recommend this for someone looking for an oldie but goodie for pizza.
It looses a star bc there is one or two other places that may be better...

While their food is hands down the best in town, I also need to give their employees 5 stars.
Tonight I called in my typical pizza order but unfortunately, I was involved in a car accident on my way to pick it up.
When I called to let them know I couldn't make it they were more concerned for my personal safety then a pizza that didn't get picked up.
About 30 minutes later, I got a phone call from Spinatos asking if I still wanted my pizza because they were going to deliver it for free.
While I was already upset with the accident, their kindness overwhelmed me.
They had known I had a rough night and wanted to make it better.
This may sound dramatic, but in a fast paced city these guys restored my faith in humanity.
I will always buy and recommend their food, now I cannot stop raving about a family owned business where their employees take customer service seriously.
THANK YOU!!

Best gluten free pizza ever!

I know, I know, 3 stars only.
Sorry folks I come from an Italian family...
I believe that the sauce makes the meal.
Sorry, but I could barley taste a hint of garlic in the sauce and even that could have been a piece lodged in my tooth from lunch.
If you are a sweet sauce non-traditional, Ragu, Papa John's loving type of Americanized pizza type person.....you'll love it!!!
But if you dare to go to to the dark side of good old fashioned Italian-American cusine, you'll find yourself, as I did searching for more out of your local pizza shop.
On the bright side the place was packed, the ingredients were fresh, and the service was good.
I don't want to be to negative or longwinded so I will say only this about the dough, it was average.
So if you like sweet sauce, this is the place for you.

Absolutely phenomenal pizza.
This place has been right down the street from my home for years and I finally got around to trying it.
I can't believe I waited so long.
Spinato's pizza is very very good.
I got delivery so I couldn't say anything about the dinning experience but their product is fantastic.
After just one pizza (the Chicago), I can safely say Spinato's is now my go to pizza delivery joint in my neighborhood.
I look forward to trying the dine-in experience as well.

My roommate and his family are from Chicago and are huge fans of Spinato's, that's how I was introduced.
We used to always get the Hawaiian pizza until we discovered the spaghetti calzone.
If you're a fan of carbs and the idea of a pasta-filled calzone sounds appealing, you'll love it!
You have to ask for ricotta to be added (in addition to the standard mozzarella) and can add meatballs if you wish.
It comes with extra sauce on the side.
Very simple, but so delicious!
I also like their cannoli, but they reduced the size to about half what they were and didn't reduce the price.
I would order them all the time if they were big enough to warrant the higher than normal cost.

Great place!
Lunch prices are good.
Service was fantastic.
Pizza is great.

We got the signature pizza which consists of fresh spinach, tomatoes, and garlic and it was fantastic.
the sauce was flavorful, the pizza was seasoned perfectly and i have to say that i was impressed!
the only thing i may do differently for next time is to ask for the pizza well done.... i usually do this to all pizzas just forgot this time.
We also had it delivered, during the NBA playoffs, and it arrived in about 35 minutes, right at half time; so timing was perfect!!
It showed up hot and delicious which says a lot about their delivery service.
Well done, I def recommend to others.

Ive only eaten here once but it was amazing!!
The service was fast and friendly and the food was delicious.
I will find my way back here for sure.

Just fun, good food.
Ask for Jimmy...he's a kick.

Since moving more centralized, this has become my wife and I's favorite pizza for dine in and to go, as well as the Glendale Ave location.
They offer gluten free crust, willing to do no chese and several sizes of pizza, so your party can get one or two pizza's for all or everyone can get their own preference.
I generally get the small size for myself, which leaves my with 30-40% of the pie for leftovers for breakfast or lunch.
Not bad to get 2 meals for $8-12.
The Lil' size is usually enough for 1, if you will not be near a fridge in the near future.
My faves are the Spicy Italian and Canadian on thin crust.
We recently took my in-laws here and it was a hit with all!
My nephew loved the cheese steak calzone.
My mother and father in-law got a thick crust pizza, which was huge and hearty!
They may still be eating it for leftovers.
Bro in-law and niece split a plain cheese pizza and said it was aewsome.
The services is always, friendly and the staff makes you feel at home.

AMAZING!!!!
We have been coming to this spinatos for over 6 years and we LOVE it!
Everything about Spinatos is incredible - food, staff, service, atmosphere, and did I say FOOD?
The food is amazing, you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu.
The Chicago pizza is so delicious.
The prices are great and they do daily specials.
We go with our best friends on Wednesdays because it is 1/2 off a bottle of wine and they have some delicious choices - the cara Mia is a nice Pinot they have.
We love it when Rob is our server he is super fun and always makes us feel like family, very attentive and a great server all around, ask to be seated in robs section and you won't be disappointed.
another great server is Maria but she is only there once a week I believe, very nice lady!
Spinatos has a sweet sauce unlike anything I've ever tasted it definitely makes the pizza.
It's amazing.

First time there and was impressed.
A couple craft beers on the menu and some decent wines.
We were seated immediately on a Friday night.
The staff is impeccable and attentive.
The appetizer of bruschetta came quickly.
Also had a few meatballs.
At .89 cents a piece they are steal and very good.
The bruschetta was fresh and perfect.
It's a big plate.
You can read a hundred reviews that says the pizza is excellent.
It is.
Loaded up on a semi-thin crust, it is delicious.
The sauce is sweet but not overpowering.
The pizza to try however is not on the menu.
It is a creation by the bartender and a frequent patron.
They call it "The Super Dickey" and it is incredible.
We were offered a slice and seriously fought over the last morsel .
It is a meatball/ ricotta/sweet pepper/onion pizza that with their homemade crust and sauce melts in you mouth.
Ask for it.
My only complaint was that it was abnormally loud in the small place.
Almost to the point we could not hear each other at times.
Have plans to return soon.
They do not serve any fried foods, no wings, no deep fried mushrooms.
They focus on pizza and do an incredible job at it.

Let me just say, don't waste your time going elsewhere.
I especially enjoy sausage, pepperoni with fresh basil.

Great pizza we love to order takeout!

Visiting from Ca.
We found Spinato's.
The pizza was delicious the beer was cold and the service was great.
A great atomsphere.

The pizza here is delicious!
Not as greasy like other places.
The cheesy bread sticks with marinara sauce is so amazing.
This is one of my favorite places to have pizza.
Service is great.

Very good pizza they put a nice family touch on there pies.
The red sauce is a little to sweet but good.
They have a awesome spinach style pizza which is great and a Italian beef calzone is worth a try

The Mama Spinato's Signiture pizza is the most amazing pizza I have ever had.
I don't even put it in the same catagory as regular pizza.
We can order peperoni pizza or what ever from any place.
But the Mama Spinato's Signiture pizza is speacial, it's like hambergers vs steak.
I love pizza but this place takes it to a whole new level.
Lucky me there is one by the house and by my work.

I eat here on occasion and consistently very good food and service.
Be prepared to wait 30 or so minutes as this place is popular, and rightly so.
There's a new menu so if you haven't eaten here in a while check it out.
Also, I bought a jar of sauce to take home so we'll see if its as good as the fresh.

Spinato's is my GO TO place for pizza.
Their pizza, calzones...   well really just about anything on the menu is fabulous.
Their homemade sauce is to die for and unique to itself.
I have dined in and the ambiance is great.
Taken out, when frankly, I just want to get home and relax, with my favorite comfort food.
I have tried most things on the menu and never had a bad taste experience.
I appreciate the fact, that even though they have multiple locations, they are locally owned so I am supporting MY local business' economy.
After enjoying Spinatos' for the past 14 years, this is the only pizza WORTHY of eating cold the next day.

Great food, bad management and service.
Get take out!

This is what pizza tastes like in heaven.
The pie is divine, calzones are outstanding and the staff make you feel like family.
Spinato's is our go-to pizza joint and we have never been disappointed.
Definitely want to get there early to avoid the rush.

It's amazing!
The spaghetti is the best I have had and the pizza is bomb too.
This is a great spot for date night or take out.

I actually feel a little guilty giving Spinato's only three stars.
The pizza is pretty high quality and made with very fresh ingredients.
The sauce (a little too sweet for me) has a very unique taste and certainly did not come from out the the can that most places use.
The website is easy to navigate and awesome for online orders.
The girl at the pickup counter was as friendly as could be.
So why only three stars?
It's probably for the same reason I only gave the Tempe location three stars a couple years back when I lived down there.
Spinato's is one of those places that is so close, but feels so far.
I live just over four miles away, so they don't deliver to my house.
Not having the time to dine out, but able to spear a few minutes to drive over, my fianc and I  decided to give the place a try.
During that drive I passed more pizza places than I could count which left me begging the question is it worth it?
To be honest, I didn't think so.
Don't get me wrong, it's a good pizza.
I did like the Mamma Spinato's signature fresh spinach.
We also had the traditional vegetarian, which was an enjoyable pie.
Perhaps if I had dined-in, I would have enjoyed my meal a whole lot more.
But unless you live really close, I don't think take out is the way to go.

I adore Spinato's!
I was introduced to them by a coworker and I have been hooked ever since.
My personal favorite is the spaghetti calzone.
The personal size is more then enough, but I can down the larger sizes like no body's business!
What seals the deal with the 5 stars is the service.
I have NEVER had a bad experience.
The staff is wonderful whether you dine-in or takeout.
We were eating there just this weekend and I was amazed at how well they work together.
If someone sees your drink empty, they will fill it up, even if it isn't there table or section.
On your way out, so many people Thank you and wish you a good evening.
The staff is amazing and it really shows!

We love the Margherita Pizza!
Crispy thin crust.
Service is great!
We have been going regularly for past several months and will continue.

This place is great!
A little on the small side if you're dining in, seating is limited,  but all in all they have pretty good pizza, decent service, and a cool small Italian family owned restaurant feel.
The garlic cheesy bread appetizer is great too, give it a shot!

Gone here a hundred times, dine-in & carry-out.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the pizza, the service is good and best of all, it's family-owned and NOT A CHAIN!

Like most of the other reviewers the pizza sauce here to me is on the sweeter side, but I liked it.
I noticed a lot of people order their pizza extra crispy; we didn't and the crust was crisp but it didn't crunch, if you like that - ask for it.
The hubby and I shared a small pizza and a pitcher of beer plus a side salad.
Our Bill was $30 plus tip and we were plenty full.
Wed night is half off bottles of wine too; not that big of a selection but getting a $30 bottle for $15 is a great deal.
The staff was nice and very attentive to our party of 10.
Nothing to complain about at all from our visit.
Great job.

Best pizza I've had in Phoenix

Really love this place.
It has a very home feel to it and everyone is super nice.
Food is not stellar, but way above average and well worth the extra trip.

After reading all of the rave reviews for Spinato's we decided to give it a try.
We get pizza for Friday dinner often and I was looking for something better and closer to home.
This location is a few blocks off of my normal route, so I put in an online order for two pizzas.
Having had fast food places miss online orders in the past, I gave the shop a call to confirm that the order was received and that it would be ready on-time.
We had other plans for later in the evening so timing was critical.
At the scheduled time I arrived at Spinato's expecting to go in, pick-up two pizzas and leave.
No such luck.
One of the 'clerks' in the take-out area started pushing buttons and making odd faces at the register.
Then he called the other clerk over and the both start mashing buttons and making faces at two registers.
Then the short one says, "I'm sorry, I don't have an order for you, I can make it up in about 10 minutes?
"  Knowing that they normally need 40 minutes to get their pizzas ready, I was looking at undercooked pizza or no pizza.
I opted for the second choice and left.
KFC for dinner.
A half an hour after I was home and finishing the chicken, someone from Spinato's calls and says "We have your pizza waiting".
I told the young lady that the call was not appreciated and that I was in the store at the scheduled time and they had no order for me.
Then to add insult to injury, 3 hours after that, I get a text telling me that my order was confirmed.
Not done .
My daughter really wanted to try the pizza and thought that the mistake was a one- time thing and we should still try the pizza.
OK, we'll get pizza for Saturday.
So I run 20 miles each way to pick-up the same order they had lost at one store and picked it up from another location.
You can get better pizzas from the grocer's freezer.
The crust is flat, no edge, looks like it was runout on a sheeter (machine that rolls out dough).
The sauce is tasteless, and just that, canned tomato sauce.
The meats were also bland, who would expect that from a sausage and pepperoni pizza?
People, this is not good pizza.
were

Awesome pizza

Well, had to try this pizza since everyone on here and ON DA STREET has been raving about it.
I gotta say, the pizza's not living up to the cred; oh, it's pretty good, but it's good in the way Pepsi is "better" than Coke i.e.
it has more sugar.
Yeah, so they do they sweet sauce gimmick.
While it makes your mouth want more, in my case my head was asking why I was eating a pizza doused in ketchup.
Okay, so it wasn't that bad (in fact it was highly tasty), but y'know.
I just wonder how it would've tasted with normal sauce.
Anyway, what I really want to comment on here is the customer service: I was impressed!
I like when I go to a place and you can tell the people really give a damn about your experience and aren't flashing the fake "Scottsdale" smiles that have been rigorously trained into them by some customer service guru or whoever it is who thinks anybody likes that junk.
The guys there were all about my needs, cool, and didn't try upselling me a bunch of junk.
Just a breath of fresh air in this (and really any) city.
I'm a big Chicago pizza guy, so maybe I'll give them another chance; next time with what I call the "real" Chicago pizza experience.
(Stuffed pie)  BYE

Pizza is awesome, period.

We came here one night for pizza and had an unpleasant surprise.
The pizza we had was so incredibly salty that after a piece I just couldn't eat anymore.
My mouth felt saturated with salt the entire evening.
The waitress was very nice.

Spinato's rules!

If you want a great family restaurant when you visit Phoenix offering superior pizza and salad, visit Spinatos.
Great sauce, Great atmosphere, and very economical for a family.
Highly recommend

Found this place by accident when someone brought in some pizza for lunch.
Wow just had to go check it out for myself.
Walked into the take out section placed an order and they gave me a free fountain drink while I waited.
Very clean, friendly and attentive to customer service.
And oh yeah the reason I came in is that their pizza rocks!
Had the thin crust pep and Italian sausage.
Amazing!
Yummy!
Just found a new fav!!

My first time here was a great experience and I am looking forward to going back to try a plain thin crust pizza.
I tried the thin crust with Italian beef and fresh tomato and it was very good.
However to me the test of a really great pizza is to have it with just cheese and sauce.
I also plan to ask if they will cut it NY style!
I just like the triangle slices!

Been here twice.
Never dissapointed.
Really good pizzas, and good service.

Came here with friends last night and the experience was awesome.
I really enjoy how small Spinato's feels despite how popular they are.
It did take us 30 minutes to get seated, but that is to be expected on a Friday night.
service was friendly and prompt and the server even gave out preggo friend a t-shirt for her baby which was incredibly unexpected.
Two appetizers and a pizza were enough to satisfy the appetite of four people.
The food was great like we anticipated so there were no surprises there.
On top of all that they had a selection of a few Arizona wines which we definitely took advantage of.
In short Spinato's scored high for me in all areas.

WOW!!
We couldn't decide where to have lunch so we based it on Yelp reviews and I'm happy to report, everyone was right!
We shared the greek salad and a pizza.
First off a medium was too large for the two of us, especially getting it as a deep dish.
We will definitely be back ASAP!

Extremely average pizza.
The server was very nice and helpful, but the pizza was nothing special.

This is the best pizza we've found since migrating from Chicago 17 years ago!
The staff is amazing - Quality is consistent and prices are fairly reasonable!
The Bell Road Location has the best service and is so convenient - as we live in New River - close to NOTHING!
LOL  Truly recommend this place for Chicago transplants!
- THIS is what good food is all about!!

I'd rather have had DiGiorno!......and I hate DiGiorno.
After reading the reviews I figured there was no way we wouldn't like it and the bad reviews were the usual complainers.
Let be clear in saying I rarely write a bad review but this one warranted one.
We both ordered the personal pan pizza and it was barely enough for my appetite but I didn't want to spend over 10 dollars on a pizza for myself.
The sauce was horrible!
It was sweet and my taste buds were confused.
The server admitted that its a particular taste and the taste was not for her lol.
Go figure that the employees don't even like the pizza.
I never had a pizza with a sauce that was that sweet.
It was very strange.
The people who rated this 5 stars must have no taste in food.....sorry.
My fiance at one tiny slice and walked out hungry.
I finished mine and thought to myself..what the heck am I eating.
The one thing I can say is that they comped her meal at least.
We didn't ask but they did.

People who are not from the East Coast won't understand this - but this is Greek Pizza.
Greek Pizza is cut differently and tastes differently.
Their sauce is sweeter.
More sugar and perhaps more Oregano?
If you like Greek pizza or want something different, but still very good, then go.
If you don't know what Greek pizza is, then stop complaining.
Saying this place sucks is like going out for Chinese, but expecting Japanese.
Opppa!!!
Why 4 stars?
The wait staff does suck.
A group of waitresses sat at a back table, while people needed to be seated.
Our waitress was great, but I would have hated to have these other girls.

Wow...strongly rivals Crust as the best pizza in Phx/Scottsdale.
Sauce is a bit sweet, but crust and cheese make it an incredible combination.
Extra crispy is the way to go.
This is a must have!

There was about a thirty minute wait when we went there Friday night around 7:30.
But we weren't in a rush so we didn't mind.
There's a little bar in the entrance in case you want to sip on a drink while waiting.
Once we were seated, we ordered the thick crust mama spinatos pizza and halved it with spicy Italian.
We got the garlic cheesy bread.
Both the appetizer and the pizza were delicious!
We got the medium sized pizza which was really big for just the two of us so we had a lot to take home.
The waiter was wonderful.
The food was wonderful.
And the environment was great.
Would def go back and recommend to others!

Good pizza - if you like sickening sweet sauce.
Yelpers, you seriously are high to give this joint anything over 2 stars.
Family friendly and family owned gets one star, maybe another star for homemade sausage, but that's about it.
$23 later and I feel like I had a Tombstone pizza with Prego sauce.
The garlic was foodservice pre-minced crap?
How difficult is it to chop some garlic?
Do yourself a favor - avoid and have a real pie.
No need risking Type II Diabetes from dinner.

Great pizza and service here.
They are a key player on our take out rotation.
We like do do a half Lil' Italiana and a Half Get Meaty but sub the Canadian bacon with meatballs.
Omnom

This place has become one of my new Chicago style Pizza places in this area.
Been driving past this restaurant for way too long and finally decided to stop in and give them a visit.
They have a pretty good selection of many of the Windy City's mouth watering favorites.
Inside is cozy and decorated with a traditional pizza parlor theme.
There is also a nice patio outside for when the weather is enjoyable.
Perfect during the nicer times of the year.
Their menu here consist of Appetizers, Salads, Baked Sandwiches, Pastas and plenty of Pizzas and Calzones.
If you leave here hungry you are in big trouble.
We always have a good portion of leftover pizza to bring home.
Great for a midnight snack or when you have those late night munchies.
Extremely friendly service.
They will let you order your pizza and split it right down the middle.
You can go crazy with two totally different kinds.
They put a small line of sauce that shows you where it changes.
Nice!
So far we have tried a 14" Chicago on one side and the Combo version on the other.
Came back a few weeks later and did a 14" half Canadian with Nicole's Favorite on the other side.
Great flavors with some really tasty ingredients.
The pizza sauce here is a Chicago recipe and sweeter than what you would get at a NY pizza joint.
So get ready and don't be surprised.
Can't wait to try out their Italian Beef Sandwich and maybe a Chicago Steak Calzone.
They even have Dessert.
Saw the Cannolis last time but had no more room and was ready to explode.
Bring the family and friends.
They will make you feel right at home.
Get the thin crust so you can eat more without getting filled up.
They also have thick crust for you dough lovers out there.
PIZZA TIME!
4.25 STARS

OMGthis pizza is the bomb that's all i gotta say!

We love everything about this place.
We can't believe we didn't discover it sooner.
Thanks to Nick and the crew for always taking care of us and our kids!
If you want great food and love to support local, this place is perfect for you!
Get the Super Six if you're not on the wagon.
Oh and start with the mozzarella cheese bread.
The gluten-free Greek pizza is awesome if you roll like that.
And go on Thursdays.
Trust me.
Half price pitchers.
Enough said.

I absolutely love this place.
I just moved back to Arizona from New Mexico and was really excited to find a local pizza place.
There is a perfect amount of garlic in their pizzas.
Its just fantastic.
I've never gotten a bad pizza ever..

Great pizza!
Their sausage and mushroom and the spinach and tomato were amazing!
I don't know how they make their sauce it's different but definitely very tasty, I highly recommend it.

I am from Chicago, and Spinatos is by far the best pizza in az.
Just like south side Chicago pizza, thin crust.
Amazing sauce like no other.
Delivery takes a bit but it is well worth the wait!

Great family restaurant with quality pizza and pasta at good prices.
The wifey and I usually go here after church, and they have a small and quaint ambience.
The service is great while the pizza just tastes amazing.
We will definitely be back for my pizza cravings after church!

Ordered delivery and it smelt amazing as soon as it arrived at the front door and tasted even better...
Very, very good pizza!

This place was AMAZING!
Amazing food, friendly and fast service, and a really great menu with lots of fantastic Italian favorites.
Also, they have Pepsi products!!!!
Hooray!
I got the Italian sub sandwich and the hubs for a little personal pizza, both of which were cooked perfectly!
Gooey cheese, crispy bread, and yummy, warm Italian cured meats!

I have regularly enjoyed pizza and calzones from Spinato's.
They have some of the most delicous pizza in the valley.
The Mama's signature spinach pizza is particularly good.
The service has also always been good.

We've been raving fans of Spinato's for a few years but what happened on Valentine's day, 2014, moved our affinity for this company to a new level.
My daughter is serving in the U.S. Air Force, currently stationed in Guam.
It's 6,444 miles from Phoenix to Andersen Air Force Base on a tiny island the size of Scottsdale in the middle of the vast Pacific Ocean.
She's so far away.
There's a giant hole in our hearts from missing her.
She knows we love Spinato's pizza, the sauce with it's sweet and savory goodness, the family friendly service and the affordable prices in a time of vast economic uncertainty.
It's a little slice of comfort.
So, she wanted to surprise us with a gift card to our favorite restaurant but that's a little hard to do from so far away.
Spinato's stepped up in a big way.
Not only did they sell her a gift card, but they sent one of their managers, with a bouquet of twelve red-heart balloons, to deliver her gift to our doorstep.
Spinato's act of service for one of our military members went above and beyond the call of making great pizza.
They showed their patriotic spirit by helping an airman reach out with a comfort-food hug to her parents.
Thank you Spinato's!
Your actions reflect selfless service to others and bring great credit on your company, the United States armed forces and pizza makers all over the world!

Love the pizza, love the antipasto salad, do yourself a favor and check this place out.
Best Italian in the valley.

Hands down the best pizza in town!
We have only been here once but we will definitely be back for our next pizza fix.
Whatever pizza you choose, I recommend the thin crust.
We got a Super Six thin crust and a Sicilian pepperoni.
The Sicilian was good but it was a bit too much bread for my liking (I prefer more toppings in a bite than bread).
The Super Six was omg delish and their pepperoni was executed better than any pepperoni pizza I've seen with a drizzle of delicious marinara on top.
We are definitely sold on this hot spot for pizza!

The pizza is delicious!!!!
I had half Hawaiian half spicy Italian on thin crust & it was so good!!
The cheese to sauce to toppings to bread ratio was perfect.
It's going to be my new go to pizza place.
Can't wait to try other items on the menu.

NOM NOM NOM, the greatest pizza in phoenix Forsure!
I stick with the classic pepperoni and cheese, but the ingredients are fresh and the sauce is out of this world!
I can't find anything like it.
I've never eaten on location, always had delivery.
You know this place is good when there usually is a 45-1:30 minute wait.
Now that I've finally read other reviews on this place...it looks like I'm going to have to be stopping in!

Still my favorite pizza joint/delivery in Phoenix, but expect delivery on weekend evenings to take 60-75 minutes.
Great flippin' pizza though.

Freaking good Pizza!
We got the "New Nicoles Favorite" which was basil, feta, and something else.
The pizza was deicious and fresh and paired perfectly with a glass of red wine.
They offer convenient online ordering options and though they are tucked away in a shopping center, their customer service is on point.
They had my order hot and ready at the promised time.
I guess my ONLY critique would be I wish they put a *little* more sauce on the pizza, but that is just my personal preference.
I will definitely be treating myself to Spinato's - glad to have found a good  local pizza joint!

I really don't understand the raves for this place.
We tried their pizza once in the past and it was totally forgettable, but we were so swayed by all the 5 star reviews we thought we'd try it again.
We ordered the medium 14" Mamma Spinato's Signature Fresh Spinach.
Menu price is $18 but with the $4 (!
) delivery charge, tax and tip this medium pizza cost us almost $30.
We were told delivery would be 40-45 minutes but the pizza took almost 70 minutes to arrive.
(Ordered at 5:20 pm on a thursday.
) The pizza was barely lukewarm on arrival but we were so starved we each had a slice while the rest went into the oven to re-heat.
The pizza isn't terrible, it just isn't great and certainly not worth the price.
The sauce and spinach mixture on the Signature is sooooo very sweet and there is nothing else on this pie to break up that sweetness.
It barely satisfied our craving for actual pizza.
Also, for some reason this round pizza is cut into squares, so you end up with edge pieces that have a nice crisp crust on them and then you have this whole section of soggy middle pieces with no crust at all.
We ended up eating around the outside and I guess the middle will go into the trash.
All in all we are putting this on the "never again" list.
We can get a delicious pizza from Aiello's that is nearly twice the size for the same cost and it will usually arrive on time.
I will say the person who answered the phone and the guy who delivered the pizza were both very nice.

As far as customer service, they receive an A+.
Wonderful staff.
Although, the food is not my cup of tea.
I ordered a side caesar to begin and a pepperoni calzone.
The caesar dressing was very fishy.
The pizza sauce was way too sweet.

Worth every penny and then some.
The secret is in the sauce I am pretty sure.
The pizza is thin crust and sliced into squares so each piece is easy to handle.
Meats are great and fresh, spegetti calzone is amazing, and prices are really good for the quality you get.
Be warned though...,once you have Spinato's pizza the other stuff just won't do.

I had a hungry family of 12 visiting from out of town and decided to try this place based on their Yep (Yelp Rep).
They delivered big time.
The pizzas arrived at my door on time and hot.
We ordered 'da greek' and it got rave reviews from everybody.
I will definitely order from them again!

Ok the food is decent.
Definitely not the best in PHX.
I originally used this company because I support local businesses.
I use spinatos also for my customers at my bar (we don't have a kitchen) but little did I know, they ONLY deliver from 4pm- 9, or 10pm.
And the delivery time is ALWAYS an hour- 1:15min...
I usually end up calling them back because they're late, yes it ends up being 1:30 min.
Not super happy with the delivery service.

One of our family's favorite places!
Consistently great service, recent functional expansion to get carry-out orders out of the way of dine-in guests.
Bartender (i think Vicki) is fantastic, kiltlifter on tap, Wednesdays 1/2 priced wine bottles, good portions on salads, great pizza options and attentive staff.
Despite the various locations in the phoenix valley, we could really use one further west =)

We drive a bit from the office to come here for lunch but it is worth the trip.
Service is warm, friendly and efficient.
I can't say enough about the folks that work here.
The Margherita pizza has such a delicious flavor, the tomato and basil on top is fresh and the thin crust is crisp and tasty.
I tried the thick crust once and enjoyed it too but the thin is my favorite.
I've tried the Greek pizza too and thought it was really good.
Spaghetti calzone with ricotta and marinara sauce is pure carb heaven.
They top the calzone with their sauce and it is a little on the sweet side.
I normally prefer a tangy or spicy sauce but unless you absolutely hate a sweeter sauce, you won't be disappointed.
The small easily serves 2 people.
Portions are good, prices are great, parking is great, but the neighborhood is a little run down and sketchy.
If you enjoy and are open to different types of pizza, don't skip Spinato's.

Spaghetti Calzone - one of the best inventions ever!
Combining a calzone crust with spaghetti is magic.
The spaghetti sauce is a bit sweeter which I love.
The pizza is good though I still prefer Oregano's.
I am a big fan of Spinato's sauce.
They sell it and it's great to take home and put on your own food.
The place is a bit small and there can be a wait during peak hours but that's true for any good place in town.
Molly was our wait person (not sure if she's still there) and she's friendly and provided great service.

The service here was good.
Unfortunately, the food here, like other Spinato's locations I've been to over the years, was bland, bland, bland.
In the area, the location was convenient for the time that we had to give.
On this trip we tried a Sicilian pepperoni pizza (excessively oily) and a MaMa's signature calzone (wet and runny, not moist).
While there are worse places to eat, there are certainly better.

So we were in AZ for a graduation party and when you have horrible hotel room services, usually pizza for deliver will do the job (most of the time).
We got lucky and just happen to be a good, fair pizzeria joint in town that will deliver to our hotel.
I decide to order one of their pies.
I of course as always make my own pizza:   Meat lover Add Onion extra sauces  well done   thats all she wrote, no seriously the lady took my order and thats all she wrote (=   Pizza arrived on time, fresh, and one sexy looking pie.
Wow.
true pizza meaning thin crust and made like the customer ordered (me).
My wife and sister in law were a little full from the horrible room service because they just could not wait for better food.
Omg they were all over my pizza.
Luckily I got a 16'' large and it was just enough for everyone to eat and share.
I was happy and if I am ever in town i'd order from them again.
The customer services had a little New york attitude (rude and fast) but its okay it was all worth it.

Shout out to the guy on Trip Advisor who said the L'Italiana here is the best pizza in Northern Phoenix...I don't live locally, but this was wonderful advice and was well worth going a few miles out of the way for.
Antipasto salad was good, if not standard.
But man, that pizza.
Really incredible.

Pizza is good!
sauce is sweet.
They have lots of options.

Easily the best pizza I have had in Phoenix, love the thin crust pizza here as well as the caprese salad.
Quick service, like the outdoor seating, even if it is a little crowded.

One of my absolute favorite places to eat in Phoenix.
Nicole's New Favorite pizza on thin crust is an amazing selection.
The restaurant can get a little packed on the weekends with longer than expected waits.
I would also suggest the spaghetti and meatball calzone and almost any sandwich.
You really cannot go wrong at Spinatos.

If you are looking for pizza on the sweeter side with friendly servers this place stays consistent in its tastyness!

