I requested a refund because the flowers delivered are unacceptable.
Wilting within 3 hours is unacceptable... no flower food is unacceptable... the arrangement is unacceptable (looks like a 3 year old put it together).... they clearly don't know how to properly cut stems as they look like crap (slivers, long pieces hanging off, etc).
Looks like it would be wise for them to send their florists back to school and possibly go into a new business.
I will not pay for the kind of flowers they delivered and in the condition they came in.

A small arrangement of flowers (see photo) was recently delivered to me from Floral Fantasy.
These flowers were a gift from an out of state relative.
The arrangement looked like a mishmash of left over flowers in a variety of colors.
All put in a really strange shaped little vase.
I am positive this is not the arrangement the sender had in mind when the order was placed.
Personally, I hate to think what this sad little arrangement cost.
A bunch of flowers from the grocery store would have been more attractive and far less expensive.
A Floral Fantasy Fail.

If you are sending flowers on a budget, your choices are limited.
We were sending flowers to a team member in Phoenix and 4 of us wanted to spend $40 total.
We paid $38 with tax and delivery through Proflowers Florist Express and this is the florist they used.
You get what you pay for- it was nice enough for a coworker, but if you're surprising your wife, spend a little more and go elsewhere.
I'll attach a pic of what they sent for us.

We placed an order on behalf of a client and they delivered on the wrong day.
When we requested they redeliver on the proper date, they asked for more money, even though they made the error!
Furthermore , the owner was extremely rude and hung up on me!
Wish I had read the other reviews before using Floral Fantasy.
A better name for this establishment would be Floral Nightmare.

They charged me $50 bucks for a small little flower.
Crazy!
NEVER going there again.
I just wanted a small little flower to wear.

I seem to have a different experience here than most, and I am confounded by the negative input by others.
I called up in the morning and explained my situation and my limited budget (I was in the doghouse with my wife), and I needed an arrangement immediately.
They put together an absolutely beautiful arrangement in a simple vase that stunned me with its presentation and fragrance - and had it ready within one hour.
The staff was so kind and helpful.
I could not have asked for any more.
Grateful for the service, and I will return here anytime I need flowers in Phoenix.
(See attached picture).

