We decided to try Joey's because Red Devil was slammed.
I have lived near it for several years, and I can't say why we never went before.
It sits in a strip center next to Safeway.
You'd think it would be slamming on a Friday night, but it was not.
We were one of four tables when arrived.
More people came later, but it was not packed.
The service was nice and fairly attentive.
The food was OK. Everything was hot and it was obvious that it had been cooked to order.
My partner got pizza, which she reported was OK.
The pizza was $15.
I got chicken caccitorie, which was $16.95.
The chicken came with a nice side of veggies, which were obviously prepared from fresh.
I just wish they didn't have so much oil on them, still the fact that they had been actually peeled, cut and cooked properly was nice.
The chicken was tender and well cooked.
The dish also had sausage in it.
It was nice that they took the casing out of the sausage.
My dish came with a salad, which had also clearly been prepped by hand.
Nice touch and fairly fresh.
The salad was a bit on the small side.
I guess everything was pretty good.
I felt overall that it was good (not excellent).
But the prices did seem a bit high.
I could see paying $12 for each of the dishes, but the prices were high for what you got.
They also brought us bread, which was on the warm side.
It was OK.
I'm not sure if we'd go back.
We would for sure if it was less $$, and I'm not a cheapo.
But the bill came to $39 for two entrees and one beer.

My GF and I went to Joey's after driving by it for years, but never taking the plunge.
To say we were shocked when we stepped insided was a mucho understatement-o.
The fucker was empty.
It was a wednesday night,  and it was kinda early (6:30pm)  but I expected more than just us and the smattering of blue hairs that were seated.
I don't wanna come off as an ass hat; the staff was super friendly, but this  place was downright C R E E P Y - some would say the decore inside was dated , I'd say  it felt like I was sitting in my grandma's living room.
The lights were off in half the restuarant ( that's not good) , and the A/C  was on the fritz .
(or they don't believe in a/c?
)   It wasn't swelteringly hot inside, but whaterver cooling system they had running could not keep my swamp ass at bay :(     Lastly, the the food.
While hot and ressembling standard issue italian chow, was off in a "alternate dimension kinda" way.
Like a Bizzaro Pizza.
Yeah.
I  felt oogy after I ate it.
Avoid the regular ice tea, it's olive flavored.
olive.

Set out to find some dinner with the fam at 8pm Monday night this place is basically across the street from me now.
I thought, well this place has been here for years I've never tried it but there must be something good about it.......right!?!?
I thought to myself eh WTH!
After arguing with my munchkin to get out of the car for 10 mins because she wanted McDonalds instead (it was in her little 6 yr old view from the car) I finally lured her out with her DsLite!
YAY So we walk in and were going to be seated in the dining room but we figured its 8pm the last quarter of the Indi & Miami game was on and the place was pretty empty after a quick glance around.
We decided to sit in front of the big screen in the bar area!
We made the right choice they have Italian soccer jersey's decorating the bar area and I felt very Italian by the end of the night.
The server was excellent I repeat EXCELLENT with a capital E. Sorry I am no good with names and forgot his name but he was a tall Italian with some killer eyes complete with full accent!
Peroni on tap you say!?!?!
Score!!
We started with some fried mozzarella it was DELICIOUS the marinara was fresh really chunky and tomato-y!
The munchkin loved it and they even gave her Sprite in a cocktail glass.
Who care's you say???
Well she will remember this for ages she even talked about it at home hours later.
"Mom that was the fanciest glass I've ever had!
" This place made her forget about McD's which I give 2 stars for entirely!!
The bread was nice, it was toasted which the munchkin loved, she said she loves it toasted where its nice and crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside mmmm!
Her words not mine.
Ultimately the kid felt really comfy at this place where she is usually really shy and non speaking.
The only thing with the bread was instead of olive oil they brought out packaged whipped butter which wasn't bad and I probably could have asked for some oil but I'm not really complaining here so fugetaboutit kwim!
The specials that were not on the menu sounded fantastic so we went with them!!
After the past weekend and watching Anthony Bourdain in Southeast Asia eating clams I had to have the fresh linguine and clams w/ white sauce.
It was DELICOUS!!
They will pretty much make any order the way you want it white or red sauce etc.
I for one appreciate that aspect.
The man had the pork chop stuffed with prosciutto and mozzarella with a tasty marsala wine sauce and mushrooms mmmm he only gave up one bite for me but it was choice!
We passed up on dessert but not without the waiter bringing us some shots of their in house homemade limoncello!!
OMG just ask how they make it and for some sugar on the rim if you like that sort of thing it was awesome!!
That totally topped my night!!
I cant wait to go back and try the eggplant parm next!
My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
Ciao Bello/Bella's!

This place is so unassuming and in a shopping center so you may never really put it on your list of places to go - but you SHOULD.
The food is EXCEPTIONAL.
The service is always wonderful.
This is one of the places that could make it in a high traffic area/snooty location because of the food alone, but it's nice they are a neighborhood favorite.
Seriously get the margarita pizza and the fettucini.

My wife and I have been driving by Joey's for two years and last Saturday evening we were in the mood to try someplace new.
I'm always up for trying a new restaurant.
The Adventure!
The Curiosity!
The excitement!
Oh, lets not get to carried away here.
I'm a pretty decent self-taught chef and my standard is simple: The food had better be at least as good as I can prepare at home.
I had the Rigatoni with smoked chicken in a parmesan cream sauce.
This is a dish that's hard to screw up, and they didn't.
It was fine.
But 15 bucks?
We're talking about a few cents worth of pasta, some cream and parmesan, and about a quarter of a chicken breast grilled and tossed in.
Easy.
Tasty.
Not worth $15 hard-earned money.
We're talking the same price as Macaroni Grill's Chicken Scaloppine and there is a world of difference between what went in to the two dishes.
My wife had the lasagna.
She ate a small portion and asked for a cary-out container.
As we were walking to the car later she said, "The lasagna was terrible".
So why did she want to take it home?
"I dunno".
At least that gave our son a chance to render a second opinion on it.
Our son, the Army Infantry Fire Team Leader.
Chows down MRE's like they are gourmet.
His verdict?
"Disgusting"  If you are going to spend fifty bucks on a meal you deserve better than this.

I enjoy Joeys, esp.
if you are looking for some place quiet.
Whenever I have been in there my guests and I are the only ones in the place.
I actually spent my 21st birthday dinner here.
The owner is really nice and remembers my name each time I'm there, in fact he is almost always the person who takes my order.
I do agree that the prices should come down a bit..
The service will keep me coming back.
I don't really get the creepy vibe that the other reviewers got but then again I didn't take the vegetarian house as a cult either.. Its excellent for dates you actually want to talk to, its been a cure for the restaurants that I can't even hear my guest speak.
I must say, if you do go and enjoy liquor try the lemon cello.
The owner makes it from scratch and its even better when you dip cannolis in it.

My hubby and I tried Joey's on a Friday night for the first time around 8:30 for dinner.
It seems like a fancy misfit in the midst of the Safeway shopping center, and I was never sure just how I should be dressed before I walked inside.
On this particular night we saw a small group walking into the restaurant dressed as though they were headed for the swap meet, so we took that as a sign that we'd have no trouble being seated in our flip flops and tees, though I still felt a bit underdressed once inside.
Short and to the point:  Friendly staff Good service Authentic recipes Reasonably priced Dress up or dress down Very quiet - where are all of the other patrons?
Baked Ziti (enough for two and oh so delicious) comes with a side salad for $13.00 Great Tiramisu a block from my house?
Huzzah!
Relaxed, comfortable, fresh flowers and candlelight on the tables equals nice ambiance.
Incredibly attentive, because there's hardly anyone else there?
No, really, why aren't people flocking to this place?
Music volume is a little low for my taste...and 80's was it?
Italiano would be lovely.
That's why I just can't give Joey's a final star.
Bon appetit!

A crew of 12 of us descended upon Joey's at about 7:30p on a Saturday.
We called ahead to let them know we were coming in and the could not have been more accommodating!
We tried for about an hour and 5 different restaurants to find some place that could seat all of us, without having to wait until 9pm, and Joey's was happy to have us.
The specials were amazing, the Lobster Ravioli was delightful!
For a party of 12, the service was unbelievably quick, no food lottery or order mix ups.
I would definitely head back to try the veal!

The eggplant  is smoky and delicious - the best I've had.
The waitress told me it is roasted in the wood fire pizza oven.
The bread is freshly made; the marinara pasta sauce just perfect.
It is head and shoulders above the typical chain Italian restaurants.
And while I like Red Devil's pizza, the pasta and chicken dishes can't compare to Joey's.
Also, the ambience is nice, even with outdoor seating, in an otherwise unassuming strip mall.
The servers were attentive without being intrusive.
I can't wait to get back here again.

The food was decent but not what I was expecting at all.
California Bisto is what I was wanting, limited menu and all Italian is what I got.
The price was right but that was about it.
It was dead inside and service was slow and without a care, I won't be heading back anytime soon.
On to the next one, until then happy eating.

Had lunch here a couple of days ago.
We arrived a few minutes after 12 on a Wednesday and it was a morgue.
The staff was sitting around watching tv and I felt like we interrupted them.
It's an ok place and I guess my beef with this place is that it's like amateur hour.
I get the feeling that they opened this place with no prior restaurant knowledge just that someone liked their chicken parm and were told they ought to open a restaurant.
That's a great start and probably how many mom and pop places start but it is clear that they need some restaurateur guidance.
The food chicken parm was decent but my friend said that their sausage peppers tasted like it was made the day before.
Another reviewer described the decor as being in their grandparents house.
That's spot on.

We have driven by there a million times and never went in.
About two months ago decided we would try it.Love it!
Food is fresh,service is personable.A great place for two adults or the entire family.

Drove by this place and decided to try it out.
Went on a wed night and it was empty, which is fine by me.
It was quiet and peaceful.
The service was great and the food was hot and very cheesy!
Loved it!
The only beef that i have was the Marinara sauce.
It was really watery and bland, i think you guys need a different sauce.
I will come back and see if it has changed.

Holy shit.
Where do I begin?
First off, "Joey's California Bistro Italian Restaurant"?
Isn't that like, "Mandy's Apparel Shop Store for Clothes"?
The place was mostly empty, save for terrible, dated decor and a smattering of rather lively and vivacious flies.
A waiter was screaming at a customer from the other side of the restaurant.
Even when I realized they were screaming sports-oriented things, it still wasn't normal.
As our waiter wheezed the specials of the day to us, we feared he was literally about to die in the middle of the word "stuffed".
Our salads consisted of romaine, three pieces of cucumber, and one tomato, cut in half.
The bleu cheese dressing contained no actual cheese.
I ordered tea with lemon and honey, but the honey was a "blend" made out of mostly high fructose rice syrup... is honey too rare a commodity to hunt down these days?
Our dinner companion ordered lobster ravioli with shrimp.
The waiter brought the lobster ravioli out, then the shrimp, separately, in a little cup.
Oh, and the shrimp was BOILED.
What is this, 1965?
What the actual f*#&.
It'd be one thing if this place was dirt cheap, but entrees hit well over $20.
Do yourself a favor.
Rather than coming here, just eat the money.
Even if it's in coins.

i came in just last night with three others, place was dead on a Tuesday night (around 8 PM) not a big deal though, i liked the large windows, full bar, and candle lit tables.
Menu had many nice choices and i decided on the baked ziti.
my dish came with a side salad, and the produce was nice and fresh!
my ziti was delicious!
one of the best i have ever had!
my friends had the bbq chicken pizza.
you could tell that quality ingredients were used.
i tried a bit and didnt care for the crust, which of course is a personal preference.
i felt like it was too thick (im a thin crust fan) but one of my friends quickly disagreed with me, stating that  it is was perfect and exactly how he liked it!
so if the food was so good, why only three stars?
mainly because when i go out to eat with friends i go to be with them, not talk with the owner our entire meal.
i don't mind a quick conversation or sharing a laugh, but id rather enjoy a conversation with the company i chose.
if i wanted to converse, i would have sat at the bar.
all of our orders where put in and made correctly, everything we needed was there, which is also important and i don't mean to discredit that.
Yet at the end of the meal, i felt like i hadn't been able to catch up with my friends at all!
(why we went out to dinner in the first place).
We came for the food and each others company and only left half satisfied (the food was good!
)  one of my friends mentioned that they would feel awkward returning because they felt like the owner talked to us the whole time and controlled the conversation and doesn't want to go back to "visit with the owner again".
He is a friendly guy and just needs to know when or when not to include himself in a conversation, and when he does, he should be able to cut it short so "we can enjoy our meal", or any other polite way to excuse himself and let us enjoy each other as well.

My husband and I are new to the area and stopped here for dinner as our son was visiting.
It was a Monday night and there were many tables available.
This is a quiet place with a candle on the table and good service.
We had a pizza, chicken with rigatoni and a chicken Caesar salad.
All were very good.
The bread was particularly tasty.
I recommend this place if you'd like a quiet dinner where you can hear what your dinner partner is saying.

A friend and I visited on a Wednesday evening.
The place was empty, save for a few people at the bar, ourselves included.
I made the comment to my friend that this place gave off a "Ramsays Kitchen Nightmares" vibe.
He laughed.
I worried, because the food hadn't arrived yet.
The manager (at least I'm assuming he was, he wasn't just behind the bar, he was all over the place) was friendly enough.
Very nice chap.
I'd give him 4 stars on personality if I could rate that here.
The prices are a bit overpriced.
I had a simple 8" Margherita pizza.
At $9 for the pizza, that's more than a buck an inch.
Normally price isn't an issue IF the food is worth it.
It's pretty hard to mess up a pizza as simple as a Margherita.
Or so I thought.
The pizza was very bland.
They substituted oregano for the traditional basil.
This substitute may be acceptable to a lot of you, but not to me.
Basil makes a Margherita.
In addition, it did not have enough olive oil, and it was a bit cold as well.
The pizza arrived, and as the manager put the plate down, the pizza slid halfway off the plate, and onto the bar.
Half the pizza was now sitting on the bar counter.
Using the spatula, he tried putting the half that fell onto the bar counter back onto the plate.
After pushing the pizza around the bar counter several times trying to scoop it up, he apologized.
All I could think to say was - I hope the bar counter was clean.
They said it was.
I've only their word to take for that.
Did he offer to cook us a new pizza?
NOPE.
Did he offer a discount on the check?
NOPE.
A few minutes later, he offered me and my friend each a shot of his homemade Limoncello, on the house.
It was sub-par.
I give this place a few more months before they're gone.
And if the owner/manager of Joey's California Bistro is reading this, give Gordon Ramsay a call.
Your place would make a great episode.
It's just a shame I had the experience of eating in the 'before' version of this place.

Wow, this place is certainly empty for a reason!
The meat in our entrees was way over cooked, or perhaps cooked days before and reheated?
The quality of the food was very poor in comparison to the prices on the menu.
But actually, I would have returned my dish even if I was at a fast food restaurant...which is where I headed after leaving.
The bruschetta was good, and the place was clean but this is about all of the positive comments that I can make on Joey's California Bistro.
Too bad, I really wanted to like it.

This place was terrible.
My mom, daughter and I decided to try it out for dinner.
My daughter ordered chicken fingers which were not that great.
My mom ordered a chicken rigatoni which the noodles were crunchy and the sauce was bad.
I ordered shrimp Alfredo and the shrimp and Alfredo sauce were spoiled.
Service was very slow and the food was not edible.
We have never sent food back, but tonight was the exception.

Can't believe this place is still in business.
We recently moved to the area and were were trying out all the restaurants.
We ended up here on our anniversary.
The place was empty (that should have been our first clue).
All I remember is it was pretty expensive and it wasn't even good.
If you want Italian food in the Deer Valley area, go to Time Square on 27th Ave & Deer Valley.

Just read a good portion of the previous reviews and they seem consistent with my experience.
Place was empty on a Thursday night .
We ordered the ziti, lasagna and tilapia and the quality of the food was good.
Touching on the other reviews I think the issue with spot is how disconnected the staff is and owner trying to do too much.
Bartender, waiter, entertainer, etc...
I don't think they know what they want to be yet.

I reluctantly sent my overworked husband to Joey's to bring home a carryout of chicken piccata and chicken Parmesan.
First of all, the meals were freezing cold, bland, and the piccata had no lemon taste whatsoever.
We had three bites and threw the food away :(

On my second visit, yes its empty but I have had a nice dining experience food and atmosphere wise.
Restaurant Impossible would love this place.

GROSS!!!!!!
!My husband and I moved to the area about 2 yrs ago.
I always see this place but have never tried it...Until last night.
What a mistake that was.
My mother and I were going to grab a bite before seeing a movie and she mentioned Italian.
I did a local search on my phone and came up with this place.
We walked in and the place was a complete hot and stuffy ghost town.
We canceled our order of iced tea and water  so we could leave, but decided to stay.
The water was served in a Bud Light pint glass with next to no ice.
The tea was served in a wine glass....Huh??
Upon opening the menu  I was shocked.
Given the location and décor, the prices were absolutely ridiculous.
I ordered the Shrimp alfredo, she the eggplant parm.
My sauce tasted like it was from a can and had the viscous consistency of cheez whiz.
Not to mention the TINY shrimp were what I would imagine chewing on an old tire would feel like.
My mothers eggplant was chewy, not peeled, and drowning in cheap greasy cheese.
I sent mine back, and declined a diff entrée.
My mother powered through hers and ended up paying 20 bucks for it..
This place needs a Kitchen Nightmares make over ASAP!!
I feel sorry for the poor staff who choose to hang on to the railing of this sinking ship.
Our server was sweet.
Poor gal.
Left a good tip...
Here's one for you reading this...DON'T GO!
I ended up at the fast food place in the same complex which was still gross.

We're new to the area and were just driving around and happened upon joeys.
On first impression it looked like a nice place with a very family-like ambiance.
Our waitress Rose was amazingly helpful and the food was, if a little pricey, absolutely superb.
The caprese was light and very simple and the penne ravioli with chicken was cooked perfectly and had great flavors.
After our dinner they brought my 3 yr old daughter out some in house made ice cream as a treat for finishing all her food and we got the homemade tiramisu.
Both were sweet and delicious and finished the dinner perfectly.
The bill was, as I said before, a little pricey.
For my family it was about $75 (2 adults and a child).
But in my opinion it was well worth it.

My boyfriend and I decided to try this place after the gym last night.
It was a Friday night at 8pm and their "dinner service" consisted of 4 tables.
You could practically hear crickets chirping is was such a wasteland.
I think I may have seen a tumbleweed blow by.
The staff stood around looking bored out of their skulls.
The manager/owner was some macho, New Yorker who kept talking to the customers while they tried to eat.
Even though the restaurant sucked you could tell he was so proud of it as well as the menu the way he beamed with pride after each dish that was brought out.
I guess it makes himself feel better to tell himself these things so he can get to sleep at night.
I'm still not even sure who our server was that night, as we had four different people coming up to our table.
We ordered mozzarella sticks, garlic bread, chicken Parmesan and the tortellini.
The mozzarella sticks were served with marinara sauce in one of those silver gravy dishes.
Weird.
Everything was sub-par.
As Gordon Ramsay would say it was "Bland.
Boring.
Uninspiring.
" Not to mention overpriced.
The bill was $50.
Carraba's is better and less expensive.
The decor and furniture is dreary and lame.
There's soccer balls displayed in the bar.
And the chairs and made of wicker and bamboo.
And it looked like there was a broken big-screen tv from 1996 sitting in the dining area.
I feel sorry for the owner.
He seemed very delusional and desperate.
I hope for his sake the place closes soon.

The staff if very nice.
I got a salad to go and was disappointed when I got home.
There was spring mix with maybe one tomato 3 slices cucumber halved and one (yes that is correct) one piece of cheese.
This salad was $10.
It tasted nice but wasn't worth the money.

We had a family function here and I was sadly disappointed.
I felt that the entrees were of average quality , but the service was terrible.
We had made a reservation days in advance yet still the staff seemed unprepared for our service.
We sat for ages until we finally had to ask for them to take our orders.
I believe I asked for wine, then water 3 times as did other members of our party until my husband just started walking up to the bar and basically serving our party drinks.

