Definitely a 'cool' place for kids!
Video games to entertain, a play area for smaller tikes and a very accommodating staff.
Yes, they have my recommendation for yelpers.

The prices are high, but very well worth it!
The place is clean and super kid friendly.
With a play/waiting area, video games for older children, and manicure section for little girls.
My son got to pick which movie he wanted to watch while getting his haircut, and got to sit on one of the 4 cars/chairs of his choice.
The lady that cut his hair was friendly and interactive with him, and I was completely shocked because not once did he move or squirm or cry like on previous occasions, so she deffinetly made it way easier.
I loved it and I will be going here for my kids future cuts.

Okay, where to begin!?
This place was nothing short of awesome.
I've been looking for a good place to take my 18 month old for a good month.
I came across this specific location and decided we would give it a go (eventhough its 30mins away).
I am veryy happy we did!
Miss Jenn helped us, she was great in every way!
The staff overall were great.
My son had very long, curly, thick, and crazy hair so I knew it would be a challenge for whoever cut it.
But, no.
She cut it perfectly and new exactly what to do!
He watched his favorite show Barney while sitting in a car, he didn't cry once and we were thinking the worse!
He did amazing due to the environment and awesome service.
Now he looks very handsome and clean (still with a head full of curls) all thanks to Miss Jenn!
Definitely, highly recommend this place :)

Debated about taking my son here for some time before actually getting his hair cut..Both him and I love this place now.
It's the only place he wants to get his hair cut.
It's a little pricey for a childs cut, but well worth it, and they have a rewards card so we get coupons every couple of months for money off or special offers.
The kids love the games and movies they can play and all of the stylists do a pretty good job.
I recommend making an appointment so you don't have to wait.
And we love Miss Veronica, she always gives a great haircut!

My 18 month old got his hair cut here yesterday.
We took the advice of the other reviewers and made an appointment.
The waiting area has a train table and Lego tables for the kids to play with - my little guy loved them.
He was called pretty close to his appointment time.
Somehow, even with him jumping around in the taxi cab chair, screaming and pointing at Elmo on his personal TV and generally being wiggly he got a darling first haircut.
The girl that cut his hair had the patience of a saint, and super kid skills.
She also encouraged me to take as many pictures as I wanted to, and gave me a (free) first haircut certificate with a little plastic pouch that held a lock of his hair.
We had a great experience and will definitely be back.
Cost:15.95 ($21 with tip) Value: Worth EVERY penny

My 14 month old son just had his first haircut today and went awesome!
Bridgett was patient with him and very friendly.
He sat in a police car while watching Mickey Mouse Clubhouse and only cried a little when the buzzer went on.
I will definitely be taking my son there from now on for future haircuts!
The price was awesome and the service wonderful.
They really are geared towards the little ones!

Just took my 16 month old son in for his 1st haircut.
Karen was awesome and very patient.
She gave us a lock of his hair and a magnet picture frame.
Lane loves his new haircut!
Thanks!

Love this place!
Other location on Cactus.....never again!
The stylists are friendly and polite, and the place is clean!

My 3 year old has been coming here for over a year now.
It has been a great experience every time!!
Veronica does a really great job!

From the first haircut over a year ago for both of the kids, we have been coming to Cool Cuts on 7th Street.
Veronica is great and the kids love her!
They love the firetruck and police car chairs and the fun movies the can pick out while they are getting their hair cut.
Highly recommend them!

This was an overall great experience.
We took our very wary two year old son here for his third haircut in Sunday.
We walked in and the wait wasn't long at all.
The place was clean, we were greeted and signed up right away.
There was a train table (older but all the kids loved it!
) and a table with Lego Duplos.
Our son was able to relax and play a bit before it was his turn which helped.
He got to pick his chair and was able to sit in the fire truck.
He was so nervous about it, but Veronica was amazing.
She totally put him at ease, gave him good ideas for distraction and did a great job on his hair cut.
We are DEFINITELY coming back here!
He was smiling at the end and told us he had fun.
The price was really good as well.

Veronica connected so well with my granddaughter.
She made sure she understood the style that she wanted and it turned out darling!
It had lots of braids and sure looked difficult.
We couldn't have been happier.
My granddaughter only wants Veronica to style her hair now.

I drive from North Scottsdale to see Karen.
She's been doing all if my kids hair for years since she was at the Scottsdale location.
Coming from NYC I was very particular in who touched my sons hair.
I like his hair cut not shaved like a barbershop.
She takes her time and does exactly what I ask her to do.

i recently took my 8 month old son for his 2nd hair cut here with his stylist Karen.
She is the best.
my son enjoys his visits here and she is always very nice and friendly.
my son is very at ease with her.
she listens to what i wanted and cut his hair perfectly.
i couldnt be more happy with the results.

