I lived in this apartment complex for the past year.
It comes with all of the bells an whistles.
This behemoth overshadows the sketchy neighborhood it resides in.
Don't get me wrong, I never felt endangered, but you place an expensive jewel in the middle of dirt and it will get dirty.
Facility-wise this place is enviable.
Huge pool with sandy beach.
Large pool/grilling facilities.
Volleyball court.
Nice, cozy gym.
The apartment is ok by my standards.
It is basic and ok for the price I suppose.
745 sq.
ft. for $800 a month.
I was never a fan of my neighbors, and this is where the dirt from the outside starts to seep in.
No one was ever friendly towards me.
I had loud, obnoxious residents around me.
It was, at some points, insufferable.
I even had an instance this past spring when the trees and flowers blossomed and grew.
They grew right over my stairwell.
When I asked if they could send someone to trim it back, they acted like they put it down.
It took 3 weeks before anything happened.
That is just terrible service.
Granted it is not all bad.
I wouldn't exactly recommend it, but I am picky.
So now you know.

This place definitely has it's pluses and minuses.
I lived here for one year and didn't resign another lease because I just wasn't crazy about the other people that lived in the complex and my rent went up too much.
The good:  -Nice grounds, pool, gym, and the fact that it is a Mark Taylor property (they have great pool and holiday parties) -The apartments are nice and spacious -Big bathroom (at least in my model)  The decent: -The neighborhood (convenient for stores and other stuff, but not the safest/nicest looking of areas).
I moved here from Kierland so it's hard to top that.
-The leasing office staff is good, not great -Guest parking  The bad: -The residents (sorry, but most are pretty trashy) and they can often ruin the pool scene -Too many kids at the pool -Too many people sneaking in that don't live there to drink and party -The grills are almost never cleaned.
That sucks.
-The volleyball court is always occupied by the same people, so don't expect to play if you aren't one of those regulars.
Lame.
I'd really give this place 2.5 stars out of five.

I lived her for over two years and there are things that I liked about the place and even more things I disliked about it.
Good:  -Nice looking place near the front of the complex -The apartment layout 2bd was nice and was good size over 1200 sqft  -Maintenance response is pretty good  Bad:  -The complex really only keep the front of the building clean near the pool area.
This is done because all potential renters are only shown the front of the complex.
The back of the building by the dog park has dog feces all over the place which smells in the summer and the grill always seem to be broken and are not kept clean.
-The average water bill that I paid at the complex averaged 100.00 per month with our highest being over 130.00.
When I asked management on several occasions about the cost of water (My average water bill in my home was 80.00 and that was with an above ground pool) I was told it was likely a leak.
The complex sent maintenance over and they stated it was a toilet leak on two different occasions.
Which I never bought but what could I do.
My point of this is that you are really paying for the pool and for the landscaping which is a lot of grass that is watered continuously.
-I had read reviews that when you leave the complex that they will nickel and dime you for everything and you will always leave owing money.
To counter this I had maintenance fix anything that I deemed could be an extra cost when I moved.
About a month after I left, I was called by Mark Taylor and told I owed them over 300.00.
I said that when I left I paid all of the rent that I owed plus the water bill and they  said that I owed 6 days of extra rent (I told complex I was moving out on the 20th and my lease went until the 26 and when entered into the system I paid the website through te 20th.
I was not aware of this at the time I paid the bill) and I was being charged an extra 150.00 for carpet cleaning.
I advised the person at Mark Taylor that in the two years I lived there that I never had the carpet cleaned and that I believed was normal wear and tear.
They sent me pictures of the carpet (before it was steam cleaned) and stated that there was dog stains throughout the apartment.
Which I know to be a lie as my dog is potty trained and never had an accident.
My wife is also a stay at home mom and walked him frequently.
I finally did pay the rent as that was my contractual obligation but I refused to pay for the carpet cleaning.
-Lastly, the neighborhood itself is not very nice.
There are a lot of homeless people in the area and it was starting to feel unsafe at night.

