Jana's makes some of the BEST baked goods in town.
My only regret is that they don't have longer hours.
I never manage to get there after work, and they seem to adjust some of their hours at will.... so best to call if you are coming from any real distance.
The thing that most people don't realize is, that cheesecake originated in Eastern Europe.
All that "New York Cheesecake" is really grandma Sofia's recipe.
They have the original, made with traditional farmer's cheese.
The other day I was lucky enough to get there while they were open.
I picked up a makoweic, a small poppy seed filled cake.
It was the best I have ever had.

OMG... what a great place.
They have all kinds of cool bread, dessert, pastry, cookies etc.
I was a little over loaded.
I bought a tiarimisu and a apple turnover.

I finally stopped at Jana's Bakery today on this fine Mother's Day to buy some dessert treats for Mother's Day dinner.
I kinda wish I stopped somewhere else.
The desserts I picked out: Coffee Cake Slice Marzipan 2 heart shaped Mom's Day cakes  All were dry and flavorless except for the sugar.
I was so disappointed in this.
When I walked in, everything looked so good, I would have never imagined the taste would not live up to the image.
The only thing I can think is that I purchased everything at noon and we didn't eat it until 6:45, but still it shouldn't have been that bad in that amount of time.
I saw some other cakes and such that where not cut, full cakes-- I feel like those might be better?
We'll see.
I might try it out again and see if I just happend to go on a bad day?
I hope so.

Everyone needs a bakery...and a local one at that.
I'd like to consider Jana's mine.
I'm not quite sure how I actually stumbled upon this place for it has a strange and hard to find little location....but the heavens must have been shining down that day.
Now I try to stop in once a month and that just happens to make it my favorite day of the month.
Jana's has a most definite "local" feeling and its hard not to call the place "my bakery" after leaving.
The young lady that runs the front is awesome and will just shout out names of things as you point making the experience warm and genuine.
There is no mass produced corporate baked goods feeling here.
Couple favorites:  Apple Strudel, Cheese Danish, and oh yes...the Key Lime Pie!!!
GO TO JANA'S!!!!
Stop in and buy something homemade for your mom or take something to a BBQ with friends, or just make breakfast out of it!

After a longer time, I finally decided to stop by Jana's Bakery again.
This time, at the Phoenix location.
I was very disappointed when I bought a poppy seed coffecake.
It did not look like real poppy seeds.
The coffecake had lots of pieces of dough and dry fruit inside.
There was barely any poppy seeds in this pastry.
It also had a weird chocolaty taste.
Maybe they put in a poppy seed substitute... Also, there were lots of things missing.
The shelves were pretty empty.
They really should order more of the delicious goodies they used to have.
I hope Jana's Bakery will improve.

Wow, a bakery where the staff isn't surly as all hell; amazing!
Tongue-in-cheek junk aside, this place is nice; lots of variety in the way of pastries, many treats and staples from the old world, and very quaint and welcoming.
I just like places like this that don't have to be all showy and are more about the goodness of the food and that potential "everybody knows your name" feeling, for lack of a finer term.
To that end, Jana (I'm assuming it was Jana; middle-aged Polish lady) was very nice and talkative, and even gave me a free pastry.
The pastries and torts I got were all great.
(Especially the marzipan; don't know what that other reviewer was talkin' about.
)  Go for it!

This is my go-to place every Christmas and Easter, for Polish breads, pastries, and pierogi, but they are a nice treat for every day!
Their breads are made fresh daily (favorites are the rye and challah bread), and their babka tastes just like my Babci's.
They also have cakes, cookies, and pastries, all fresh and delicious.
The pierogi is frozen, but I have bought my pierogis from them for the past nine years, and have never had a problem with freshness.
Depending on the time of year, you can get 6-8 different varieties of pierogi.
During the holidays, I recommend you call your bread and pierogi orders in early, as they sell out quickly.
The staff is always ready with a smile and helpful attitude.
This is my favorite bakery in all of Phoenix!

Have passed a hundred times, yesterday decided to stop.
Walked in and felt like i was back in my favorite Chicago bakery.
Picked  a coffee cake and was shocked that the price was compeble with grocers, but was twice the size.
From now on Janas has another steady customer, and i drive down from CaveCreek.
Oh, and the kolocky are straight from grandmas Bohemian kitchen, a free sample for hubby and I which means im not making them myself this year.

I have been coming here ever since I moved to this side of town.
if you are looking for fresh bread and pastries and amazing desserts go no further.
The bread reminds me of the bread you would get in Europe fresh and fluffy not like the Wonder Bread that sticks in your mouth.if you are looking for a coffee cake or wonderful desserts to take to any get together this is the place to come.
They have really neat looking desserts that taste just as good.
it has a great selection of Polish food but also other European delights.
The only downside to this place are the hours--not open after work.
I have not eaten in the deli yet but I've heard from other neighbors that it's really good too.

very nice European style bakery

Freshly baked bread, beautiful pastries.
This place is a fave among the Polish crowd in Arizona-lines out the door the day before Easter for traditional Polish baked goods.
The white bread goes very quickly, and is wonderful, as is Jana!

I wasn't overly impressed.
I have dice  by here multiple times and being a connoisseur I had to stop in.
The store had just opened, or appeared to open around 9:30 which I thought was pretty late for a bakery.
With very little signage I really couldn't tell you the hours.
Bring cash or expect to pay over $10 each time as that is their credit card limit.
There wasn't much selection.
I bought two Danishes and cookies.
The Danish seemed overly dry and a tad stale.
There is a large assortment of packaged European products that I assume is a big draw.
As far as the bakery part I was struggling to find it as the main connection.
I may attempt another visit but only if I'm really hungry.
I think that the old world European feel could be replaced and reinvented to really make this place more popular and pop a little.

