When Dr. Albert told me that he doesn't crack bones as a chiropractor, I was a little surprised and I was a little intrigued.
Instead, Dr. Albert uses a holistic approach to correct the whole body physically and mentally to make me feel better.
His techniques are gentler and unique.
You have to experience it to feel it.
He is a great guy and when I told him about Yelp and I was going to be the first one to review his clinic, he was so thrilled.

This man has truly changed my life in so many ways!!!
I have suffered from back and neck pain for years and have endured several surgeries, only to have the pain return.
Dr. Albert has set me free from the constant pain and need for pain medication.
I am a totally different person thanks to his amazing technique.
At first, I was skeptical as he is not like the traditional - snap, crackle and pop chiropractors.
I felt like with them I was constantly having to go several times a week for months on end; which was difficult and the pain always returned.
In the beginning with Dr. Albert I went a couple times a week and instantly felt amazing.
He explained it would take my body some time to get used to the technique and after a couple of weeks I was pain free.
I now only need to see him maybe once a month to keep things in shape and am amazed at how differently I feel.
I would highly recommend this highly gifted to man to everyone!!

Dr. Albert is my go-to doctor for health care.
I have been a patient for 13 years and he has helped me with everything from relieving neck and back pain to knee pain.
When I suddenly developed Bell's Palsy, the hospital wanted to give me cortisone, I called Dr. Albert before I did that and asked him if he could treat me, he absolutely cured my Bell's Palsy in 3 weeks with acupuncture treatments.
I don't hesitate to recommend this caring healer and have to many friend..

I fell 26 feet off a telephone pole 7 years ago, doctors want to sedate me and eventually do surgery.
My only relief has been in the form of narcotics for 7 years.
I met Dr. Albert three days ago and had my first treatment.
When I learned there would be no cracking or popping I was very skeptical and excited.
Since my first visit my pain has all but disappeared.
I stopped taking my meds and am practicing moving as he suggests.
For the first time ever I am able to walk and sit normally.
Dr. Albert is amazing and I am so glad to have met him!
What a great experience!

