This business makes me wish I could give negative stars.
Here's the deal; at the COB on 10-29, I had $12.52 in my account.
For no discernible reason, they deducted an NSF fee from my account.
Despite still being in the black.
The morning of 10-30, the Denny's transaction from the prior day, for $11, clears my account.
And I get ANOTHER NSF FEE.
Because my account is overdrawn.
Because of the NSF fee from the previous night.
When I call the bank, they explain that the Denny's transaction had already put a "Hold" on my account, and that there was another transaction still pending, which, when combined with the Denny's transaction, but me in the red.
And that, since I was already in the red, from the hold, and the pending, when the Denny's transaction actually cleared my account, because I had overdraft "protection"(1), they paid it, but I was already overdrawn, so they had to charge me an NSF fee.
I was on the verge of my head exploding.
I have withdrawn almost every dime from this institution (still have transactions pending) and will never work with them again.
Fuck this place.
They will literally rob you.

I wish I could give negative stars.
I've been with this bank for 20 years, and this means nothing to them.
In the 20 years I've been with them they have done endless crap to me like auto-enrolling me in programs I don't want the latest of which caused over $300 in fees on my account.
After calling them, they put me on hold for a while to "review my account" (which obviously means to see if I am important enough to them to refund the fees).
Apparently I am not.
After holding I was told they won't refund them (again these are fees from a program I never signed up for).
Insulting.
This is what they continue to do to me after being with them for 20 years.
I'm out.
I can't take it anymore.

Called about charges on my account that I did not authorize and after a long conversation with "Mike" where I was repeatedly told that I was wrong and he refused to do any thing but charge me additional fees, I was hung up on, Yes, hung up on.
I did not swear, but did sound angry (and why shouldn't I be when they hand out my money and then want to charge me to correct it?!?
)    I went to their Facebook page to express my disappointment, a post that was removed and then I was blocked so I could not repost,  so that other unfortunate suckers will not see how truly terrible their customer service is and  will continue to be treated like crap by this terrible institution.
I have yet to be contacted by anyone about being hung up on, not even by email which I sent nearly 14 hours ago......   Well guess what scum bags - you cannot delete this.
Enjoy your increasing number of complaints and decreasing amounts of money, you know, that stuff you need to stay in business...   sincerely, someone who is sick of your long branch lines, hidden fees, and constantly crashing web site.
Buh - there is one star because "no stars" is not an option.

be warned!!!
from my experience if you bank with arizona federal you are opening yourself up to losing your money, potential identity theft, and many days full of frustration while you "become one of them".
* outdated technology- hard to find information on their website and limited self service capabilities * contacting a live person will take up to 5 minutes!
* fees applied incorrectly and excessively by arizona federal * problems can only occur from monday - saturday 9 am to 3pm * criminals welcome to take all the customer's money in the evenings and during the weekends * rude customer service agents that do not respect "members" * "be one of us" brainwashing slogan should really say, "if you are stupid, rude, and like other people stealing your money and being blamed for it, then join arizona federal and "be one of us!

This place uses to be about us members but now they are no better then the big banks out there.
They will hit you up with fees and even charge a monthly membership fee!
Barf!

Yet another bad experience with Arizona Federal Credit Union.
This morning I placed an order with a company in Scotland for some clothing.
(Yes, a kilt).
Two hours later I tried to use my debit card for a $2 breakfast and it was declined.
While I am glad to have escaped  BofA's high fees by taking my business to a CU, at least BofA would call when they froze a card for a suspicious transaction.
I didn't have to figure it out on my own.
When I called the AZFCU call center to unlock the card they made me feel like it was my fault I wasn't notified.
The staff at AZFCU really need better customer service training.
I also bet there is no trouble ticket in their system to get suspicious transaction notification fixed.

Do not become a member of this credit union.
We are trying to do a short sale and instead of taking the $6000 the first lien holder is offering them (the 2nd lien holder), they instead have opted to let the first lien holder foreclose and AZ Fed gets nothing.
Shareholders beware!!!

Hello, I have a car loan with AZ Federal and double up on my payments.
Today is 6/12/14, i'm paid until July 2, get a phone call today demanding instant payment (with a $5 surcharge) or get a late fee of $30.
Remember I'm already paid up-but I gave them another phone payment today (paid till August now) as they say this is in my contract that I must make regular payments.
To SUM up I pay my debt early and get Penalized for doing so....Very rude staff, they no nothing about customer service!
Would not give me information as to who regulates them.
Run Away-Never Do Business with AZ Federal (I will payoff and close the car loan and savings account ) Bad Experience!!!

