3.5 Stars.
This place had better than average Thai, and btw average Thai is not worth having.
I had what I usually have at Thai places I've never been to before:  Pad Thai & Satay.
That's generally safe when you don't know the restaurant.
Like I said, better than average-I'd go back if I'm in the neighborhood again and try something else.

I have had some of the best Thai food of my life in this little hole in the wall.
I have also had better than OK, it really depends on the dish.
The Thai BBQ chicken is outstanding, the panang is the best, the tom kha soup is the best I have ever had, the basil chicken is great, the larb is fantastic, the pineapple fried rice is a treat, the catfish is awesome and I don't like catfish.
The deserts are hot!
the mango sticky rice is my fave but they also make there own coconut ice cream and serve it with sticky rice, delish.
The place is owned by a Thai family and the son is the server, he doesn't speak much English but if you become a regular he takes good care of you.
I love hot food and when I say Thai hot, wow I loved that I was crying and blowing my nose between each bite.
If you like it hot make it very clear to him how hot and you will get it.
Most Americans ask for Thai hot and then complain, so just reassure him and you will get it.
They leave every year for a month during the summer so you are warned.
They do not serve alcohol but you can bring your own and he doesn't charge.
Enjoy!

It's a great place to pop in for a quick lunch, but have an even better dinner menu.
I generally get one of the curry lunch dishes and love the soup and spring rolls they serve.
Delicious!
I'd highly recommend trying this place out if you're in the area.

The pad thai and yellow curry here are both amazing dishes.
They moved from one location further west in the strip mall to the location they are today.
The only place only had about 6 tables in it, where this place is roughly double in size.
You'll have no trouble getting a table for lunch.
The lunch pricing is reasonable, and the service is quite good.

A friend introduced me to this place, and that is one reason I still have love in my heart for them!
This place rocks!
It's a small family owned place and very authentic Thai!
My husband and I are addicted to Thai food and test them by our favorites, Chicken Larb and Panang Curry.
We have not yet found a place comparable to this.
They recently moved from a hole in the wall to a nicer larger establishment.
Beware, medium is hot so be prepared.
Fortunately, we like hot food!
For inexpensive for the quality and size of the portions.

I love Krua.
It is one of my favorite places to eat.
At one time their Spicy Fried Fish and Tom Yum Gai made its way to my plate about 3 times a week.
And their Thai Coffee and Coconut Ice Cream is absolutely delightful.
I have tried over half the menu and haven't had a bad meal yet.
The only reason I knocked off one star is there seemed to be some recipe changes, which I wasn't to happy about.
But regardless, this is some seriously good eats!

Best Thai food ever!!!
The Tom yum soup is spicy and very tasty.
Thai red curry is fabulous.
And a absolute must is the sweet rice and champagne mangos.
Don't let the unassuming "hole-in-the-wall" type exterior fool you.
This is true authentic AMAZING thai food!

The first review I read of this place said it was the "only place to eat real thai food" and after stopping in, I've very tempted to agree.
My friends and I were craving Thai after leaving the Yelp holiday party the other night.
So as this was the only place for such on the way back, we stop in.
While it's not much to look at on the outside, this tiny family-run restaurant just feels welcoming once you enter.
Well lit with sizable booths (the 4 of us didn't feel cramped) and a very friendly server/host/possibly-owner.
We all proceeded to order our various dishes.
Even though the place was a bit chilly, none of us went beyond the generic "hot" level of spice.
And when my Larb came out, I'm glad I didn't.
Yow!
I might love spicy food, but I'm gonna have to train before I can get to Thai Hot levels.
Of note, the pad Thai really seems quite good.
My brother ordered it and of all the dishes at the table I tried, that impressed me the most.
It's so easy to make pad thai bland and boring, but this had a nice gentle sweetness to it.
Not that I know exactly what "real" Thai food is, but I'll be coming back here regularly to get as close to it as I can.

Good authentic Thai within a block of my pad.. yay for that.. kind of a divey look from the outside.. oh well.. those can be the best places to find good yelpage materials for my tummy..
Friendly from the get.. Had the Penang .. Pineapple Fried Rice with chicken and shrimp.. and some tofu Pad Thai.. not a fan of the veggie egg rolls.. but thats okay.. 3 out of 4 being awesome.. good to go:-)

I was starving and needed a Thai fix STAT-- found Krua Thai online and oh boy!
Literally a block from my house.
First time I totally missed it, it's hiding in a dark strip mall catty-corner to Taste of India.
I did a circle, tried again, bingo!
I parked right in front of Krua and what a sight to behold.. A warm glow, charming [possibly silk] orchids and a faux fountain trickling behind the glass door.
No one was dining on a Monday night, but I was about to.
Behind the podium in the back perked up an elderly couple, super-friendly and ready to meet the challenge of serving me some mind-blowing Pad Thai.
Did I say I was starving?
Shrimp Panang, Tofu Pad Thai, Veggie Rolls, and Pineapple Fried Rice.
I requested take-out, and called my husband while the order was whipped up.
It was a reasonably-priced meal that made my Mini Cooper smell so delectable I almost needed to pull over a half-block from home to dig in.. but that would be rude to my friend at home who was going to [attempt to] share..
The Panang was spicy but cool with coconut milk, the Pad Thai was light but loaded with the good stuff, the veggie rolls were crisp and heavenly, the Fried Rice a sweet contrast.
The best thing about it all?
This was the least-greasy Thai food I've ever had!
A 5-star will be doled out after experiencing the dining in Krua.

Really amazing!
I was having a major craving for pad thai and did not want pei wei or pink pepper again right now.. As I was getting tired of always going there.
I tried Krua Thai's Pineapple Fried Rice and at first I was shocked by the price at 9.75 but there was plenty enough for the two of us to split and it was quite tasty I will always get it again when we go back.
The Pad Thai was really good as well.
My partner and I both loved them and will eat them again.

Great Thai food.
Super spicy if you like it that way..  And I do.
Service was friendly and the portions were huge..
Enough for dinner and lunch the next day..

Man, I am going to miss Krua when I move back to Washington.
I was pretty convinced the Southwest just didn't understand Thai food the way the West coast did, but I've been proven wrong.
I'm updating my review because I finally got the chance to eat inside.
I love the decor!
It's just a small hidden place but it really is worth eating inside.
I started with a water and a sweet Thai iced tea.
I've never had anything like it!
Super sweet and served with heavy cream on top.
When stirred, the whole drink turns a bright orange.
It was a really nice contrast to what we ordered..  Pineapple fried rice.
Shrimp panang curry.
Tofu pad thai.
Veggie spring rolls.
Get ready to say the Lord's name in vain, because that's all I can really do when I eat food from here.
It's just great.
I love the pad thai especially because it isn't overly greasy or soupy at all.
The tofu was really good, pan-fried to perfection.
And I like it hot!
Even at a mere 'medium' spice it was burning my palate.
The veggie rolls were meatless and were made with lots of pepper counteracted by the sweet and sour sauce.
Steaming hot, extra-crisp.
Great big portions make for plenty of leftovers for tomorrow's lunch.
The service is quick and the man who always seems to be working is so so friendly.
We got pretty cold from a breeze coming in, and he even closed the door.
I don't care what you Thai purists have to say...
I get around when it comes to pad thai and this place is duking it out in my heart for first.

Nothing fancy here, just a casual and inexpensive place to satisfy your taste for Thai.
The menu offers a large selection of authentic Thai dishes and if since they don't have a liquor license, you need yo BYOB.
The Larb is fantastic and the Summer Rolls are tasty.
Fast service, inexpensive lunch, and good service.
Definitely one of the better Thai restaurants in Phoenix.

I have tried on multiple occasions, various owners, and both locations that Krua Thai Cuisnine have occupied, and still find they miss the mark when it comes to consistency, flavor, and authentic flavors.
As is often with ethnic foods in America that are aimed at those who may have never left our borders, the flavors have one thing in common, sweetness.
Sugar seems to be the common glue that tricks the unsophisticated palate into thinking a food is great.
Krua Thai conforms to this method of preparing dishes.
Consistency in preparation is also missing.
True, many a chef will modify a recipe taking advantage of seasonal fresh veggies or substitute when a particular ingredient may be hard to find such as Thai Basil or Kaffir Lime but to not follow the very recipe as it has been printed in their menu, missing common items, not just once, but again and again, this does not bode well for repeat visits.
If you do in fact find yourself still curious, the dishes marked spicy are only indicators that they can be made spicy, do not forget to ask for them to make your dish with chili otherwise your salty sweet dish will not have a hint of heat.

WOW!
The name said it all.
Krua Thai means Thai Kitchen and the food is definately authentic THAI(Hmm...So good)!
As always I ordered Kra Proa Kai.
I had the pleasure of meeting the owner and her husband, AMAZING people.
One of the BEST Thai restaurant in the Valley!

Finally tried this place.......reviews are 100% spot on.
Some of the freshest, best-tasting Thai we've experienced anywhere......the Tom Kha soup - to die for!!
Curry - fantastic...........loved the Chili Fried Rice - delicious!
Love that it's BYOB as well...........small strip-mall location........can't be beat.
If you think you like (love) Thai - you owe it to yourself to try this place out.

Very good and spicy Thai food!
I ordered it medium and it had a serious kick.
Dishes are about $9 which is reasonable, especially considering the portions.

Love this restaurant!
I'm that annoying person who always walks in here ten minutes before close and asks for take out.
They always accommodate and are incredibly friendly!
Outstanding food and wonderful people.
Pad Thai is great, yellow curry better.
Beware of the spice!

From the outside not much to look at but inside, that's a different story.
I shared the Spicy Fried Rice, Pad Thai, and Hot Curry Catfish.
All were excellent with great flavor!
The Spicy Rice was cooked with lots of fresh veggies and not too over powering.
The Pad Thai is legit as all the other reviews say and the Catfish Curry was a nice discovery.
The jalapeños definitely up the heat factor and overall its a great dish.

Got take out from here quite awhile ago and then again recently.
Great food at an even better price.
Their spice intensity is excellent.
It is a strip mall find Don't be dissuaded by outward appearances.
The inside I'd clean and neat.
You will not be disappointed.

My 10 year search for a Thia oasis sense leaving LA happened today.
This dish, Pangang curry  a perfect balance of heat and sweet.
Perfect texture of creamy coconut milk, tender chicken, crispy onions and peppers.
The Thai ice tea strong slight bitter then the sweet sneaks up.
The other dishes we ordered were equally stunning.
The aromatics of sweet grass, mint, cilantro and curry really did do justice to the taste.
Seriously, when you walk into this place you really are hit with an authentic smell of delicious.
Outstanding!

I've been coming here for nearly ten years and over the years as much as once a week and not much has changed except for them moving a couple doors down to be in a larger space.
The quality has been consistenly very good, from the food to the service.
The place is owned and run by a thai family and the food is as close to Thailand as I'll ever get.
I've tried other thai places in AZ and in a couple of states and none can compare to Krua thai.
As a regular to this place, I recommend giving it a try.
I don't think you will be disappointed.

Wow!
What a find!
The panang curry reminded me of some of the best stuff I had in London.
The pad thai was also above average and the mee krob was a unexpected treat!
The place is small and , as a result, was a bit packed, but well worth it.
We'll be going back and/or picking up take-out again!
Also, a word of warning -- they're closed on Sundays.

I'm debating between 3 and 4 stars.
Because Krua is located near our home I'm sure we'll be back.
That being said, the food was good not great.
We started out with the mee krob.
We never had mee krob and didn't like it.
The shrimp were heavily battered.
I ate 2 before I knew what was lurking under all that batter.
The panang curry with chicken was average.
The best panang  I've ever had was from Sticky Rice in Chicago and I compare every panany curry to that.
Right or wrong, it's what I do.
My husband had the combo fried rice.
His dish lacked flavor, the rice was mostly white and they were skimpy on the meat and shrimp.
I liked my dish better than his.
I just read in another review that Krua is BYOB.
We will certainly be back.

What a jewel of a Thai restaurant.
I had gone by this restaurant many times as I drove down Bell road, but today I finally stopped for lunch.
I am glad that I did because the food was excellent.
The service was excellent.
Also the decor was inviting for a leisurely lunch.
I would recommend this restaurant for anyone who loves Thai food.

Excellent yellow curry with chicken.
I ordered medium and it was a TRUE medium heat not that bland like most are.
Although there was way too many potatoes in it I thought the flavor kind of made up for it.
The rice was cooked great too.
I didn't like the spring rolls.
The wrapping was soaked too long and I believe that there was a whole lot of ice burg lettuce in it.
The tiny bit of peanut sauce was watery too.
But the curry did make up for it.
I only give three stars because of the abundance of potatoes in the curry compared to the meat and carrots and also because the spring rolls were not good at all.

Since my first review we have eaten here for dinner and had takeout.
Both were great experiences.
My wife had Pad Thai with chicken the first time and with shrimp the second time.
She definitely prefers the shrimp Pad Thai.
I had two fish dishes, the first was the spicy fish (number 63) and the second was a spicy fish curry (number 44).
Both were great.
I had both dishes "Thai hot" but could have had them even more spicy.
Yet this has got to be the best Thai restaurant in the Northeast valley.

I don't tend to look for Thai food in Phoenix, and I'm no Thai aficionado, but Krua really delivered.
My wife and I tried it tonight after looking at Yelp reviews.
We got the Panang Curry with chicken (ordered thai hot) and... Pad Prik King with beef (ordered very hot) Both were excellent, and when they say hot, they mean hot.
My wife and I can both stand pretty hot/spicy food, and the "thai hot" level was really nice, and accumulated over time.
The Panang (yellow) curry was excellent and we both decided it would have been better had we not ordered it so hot but we had to try the hottest none the less.
The Pad Prik King (red curry) was a nice complement to the hot yellow, and slightly sweet.
It's a very small restaurant and service was very nice.
It might not be the most authentic Thai on the planet, but it was quite respectable and very well priced.

I really enjoy Thai food and have visited Thailand but don't eat it too often because the Thai restaurants Near my home are just so-so.
So I was delighted to find this place on a business trip.
The yellow curry was one of the tastiest I have ever eaten.
Service was quick and efficient and the prices for lunch were excellent.
They were understanding of how to prepare food completely vegetarian.
(No fish sauce in the curry.

Say hello to my little friend!
Food was good, staff was friendly, and Thai hot is THAI HOT.
YUM!
I have had spicy basil fried rice that is pretty good at other establishments that would give this place a run for the money but I am not complaining!
Give it a try!

This review comes at least six months after two visits; one in which I was disappointed and the second, with which I was seriously pissed.
I can't reasonably dispute the positive reviews since I can't imagine anyone bothering to promote a place they don't actually like and yet, and not for the first time, my experiences here were worlds away from you more fortunate Yelpers.
Yes, the service was fast and friendly but at a price I'm no longer willing to pay.
Visit 1:   I picked the budget friendly option of a lunch special to go of beef w/ red curry.
At home, sipping a bit of the curry, I was treated to a complimentary burst of flavors that were very palate friendly.
I thought I'd gotten lucky (only food-wise, can we talk?
) and would be able to chalk up a new go-to Thai place, but as I spooned the dish over the rice and forked my way through the meal I became increasingly aware of a mounting saltiness that became relentless in the end.
I know that people share a varied tolerance for salt; some just a little and some can't get enough.
I can happily crunch through a half bag of salt and vinegar chips so I'm not exactly a salt sissy.
But obviously too much of it in an otherwise tasty concoction just makes it a mess not worth serving.
That's my vote on this one.
Plus, the egg roll was ridiculous.
I didn't expect it crisp after the ride home but neither did I imagine the indestructable toughness I bit into.
After a major effort to get the first bite down I realized that the dough wrap was at least twice the thickness of any roll I've EVER had and that I found so little filling of any kind that I had to check it out.
Surgery STAT revealed contents of precisely two (2) bean sprouts and one (1) slender shred of cabbage.
Period.
That's it.
In the trash.
That was my budget lunch.
Disappointing, but not bad enough to write them off just yet.
Visit 2:   Thought I'd take a chance and order what I really wanted instead of another 'test' meal.
In trying to recreate a truly great experience in the past from a place no longer around, I ordered Pineapple Curry With  Roasted Duck And Tomato from their list of 'Specialties' Sound good?
Well, the curry WAS good; not too salty this time.
But back home, I soon realized that my parachute had failed to open: picture no more than a dozen slivers of duck, each the size of two toothpics side by side and 3/4 as long.
Maybe a quarter OUNCE of meat?
Maybe not even..    Envision similar sized bits of slimy skin floating around independently, indicating a minimum of four days in the pot, as did the rest of the ingredients.
Non-ripe tomatoes.
In July.
In Arizona.
Add to this the fact that the kitchen (conspicuously) added what amounted to literally FIVE times the canned pineapple (why ever bother with fresh when you're just using it as a filler anyway?
) that a dish this size can realistically support.
So that was my 4 minute, 'from order to door', 'Specialty' from Krua for 'only' $15.25 inc. tax.
I'm absolutely certain they wouldn't have dared serving this 'bottom of the pot' debacle to a sit-down customer without  expecting to see it turned into 'instant wall art' but gambled that a  $15 take away probably wouldn't come back to call them out on this.
I'm doing that here.
No Mercy; and never again.
I don't give a damn if the King of Siam says that this place is the Bieber.

We really enjoy Krua Thai.
Its a small place and never super crowded.
The food has been reliably delicious.
My husband prefers Krua Thai to Sala Thai, but I'd maybe say it's a tie with overall experience being better at Krua and food maybe slightly better at Sala.

3.5 stars.
I was here back in October as my usual go to Thai place had closed unexpectedly.
So I searched for Thai places in the area and this one came up.
I had ordered some Pad Thai and another dish that I cannot recall, however when I got home, I was not impressed.
The noodles were not the Pad Thai noodles that I was used to but ramen noodles, and the taste was very bland.
Plus it was really oily.
I have no idea what was going on but it was definitely not the usual Pad Thai I was used to.
Fast forward to yesterday and a friend suggested we meet here for dinner.
Needless to say I was apprehensive but I decided to give them another chance.
I ordered the Stir Fried Sweet Basil, Thai Hot.
Yea Thai Hot as a few other restaurants in which I ordered Thai Hot came no where close to as hot as it was supposed to be.
Krua Thai redeemed themselves as this dish was very flavorful, even though it was Thai Hot.
Believe it or not, the spiciness did not ruin the dish.
I was happy to have the Thai Iced tea because I actually needed it with this dish.
I have already had a small serving of my leftovers for breakfast and it is even spicier and better than yesterday.
I will be back to try some other dishes and I am very happy that I gave them a second chance.

My mom and I love this place.
The owners are so sweet and the food is divine.
My Mom always orders the yellow curry dish every time we go there.
I adore their thai basil dish with chicken.
We frequent this place so much that the owners and chefs know my mom.
First of all, their lunch specials are awesome.
There are many options, and they come with a cup of soup and a spring roll.
Their soup of the day is always different and so, so delicious.
I have gone in here just for the soup before!
The dinner sizes are also available throughout the entire day, and the portions are pretty large.
I would recommend the lunch specials though, its enough food and the soup and spring rolls are so yummy!

OMG, not only did I fall in love with my boyfriend because of this food but we also moved to be closer!
Now let me explain...I love Asian food and I also LOVE spicy food, but I had never been here...my boyfriend and I had only been dating a short while and I thought I had him figured out until he brought me here for lunch and not only introduced me to the most amazing food I have ever tasted but also introduced me to the owner and "Head Chef".
I don't know if it was the spices creating endorphins or the realization that my man is an incredibly intellectual and cultured foodie that made me actually fall in love with him that day but we have gone back weekly ever since.
We decided to move in together and I'm not going to say that the proximity was our only deciding factor but it WAS on the pros's list for sure!
We love the Num Tuk (#14), the spicy rice, and the yellow curry.
You get so much food that we usually agree to only order 2 things each time but it is always a struggle to decide which two items to order because we can't even decide what our favorite is AND we also want to try something new each time...so our order is ever changing but we have NEVER been disappointed.
Best Thia food I have ever experienced and in reality my favorite restaurant in town!
Don't miss the coconut ice cream.

Delicious.
I went for lunch today and got the red curry with tofu, which came with soup and a small eggroll.
They used fresh tofu, not deep fried, which was a new twist for me.
It was delicious, fresh tofu cut with ridges so as to absorb more flavor from the curry sauce.
I ordered it "hot" and that was plenty spicy for lunch!
It made me sweat, and I have a fairly high tolerance.
In any case, the place was nice, the food superb and service was friendly.
I'll be back!

Wow....one of the first Thai food restaurant that make the food as spicy as you ask.
Really good flavor, red curry delicious, pad Thai fantastic.
But next ill order medium instead of hot...my mouth is still on fire...lol

Krua Thai is a hole in the wall in a strip mall (go figure, in Phoenix?!
), but don't let the humble exterior fool you.
Or the generic interior.
They serve consistently fresh and tasty Thai food at reasonable prices.
Service is excellent.
I get the Pad Thai every time, as well as Panang Gai and Tom Kha Gai.
Never had the "ramen noodle" Pad Thai experience that one reviewer had.
Great lunch specials!

So far so good ;) Great place for lunch!
Fast and tasty.

What an awesome place.
A hole in the wall in a strip mall on 16th street and Bell Road.
Very clean place with prompt and courteous service.
Had the Chicken Satay ($7.95) with Peanut Sauce as an appetizer.
Grilled perfect.
The Tom Yum (Hot and Sour) soup had such a fresh taste from the lemon grass and lime.
As it cooled, the flavors melded and transformed, also getting a little spicier with each bite.
A small bowl fed two people ($4.50.
) Next up, entrees.
We shared a Krua Thai Rama, which is Stir-fried chicken in spicy peanut sauce served over a bed of lettuce.
This was $8.95.
The flavor was incredible but there was just a bit too much sauce.
Mixing rice in with it helped.
The last thing we tried was out of this world amazing.
Chicken and Shrimp Pad Thai.
We got everything with "Medium" spice which was perfect.
We eat a lot of spicy food and medium was just a a great temp.
The Pad Thai also was $8.95.
We ended up bringing home half of each entree for lunch.
This will definitely end up on our list of places to take friends for dinner.
On our way out we glanced in the kitchen and it appears they also make their own noodles!

Most authentic Thai Ive ever had!!
My favorite dish from when I was in Thailand was garlic pepper chicken and they do it perfectly!

Amazing food!
Some of the best curry we have had!
So craveable & authentic !

This place's been here forever.
The food is always good.
We ordered beef salad and stir fry basil with pork.
Very tasty.
Kick ass hot for medium heat.
Wow.

I have had the yellow and green chicken curry and both were delicious.
I have had both dishes to go and they give a generous portion.
The service is polite and fast and food is delicious.they are closed on sundays, thats the only bad thing i can say about this place so far.
Will definitely go back for more and try their dishes.

We were a little disappointed with our selections.
I had duck with a sweet curry and a lot of veggies.
My wife had the same with seafood.
Her's was not as sweet and was better of the two.
I wish I would have tried the panang or green curry.
I have to say the spring roll was only OK as well.
not enough basil and cilantro.
Mostly just lettuce.
The place is cute and the service is very good.

Been here a few times.
Close to the house.
Not bad for this part of town.
Nice pleasant atmosphere inside.
Service is good.
You can peek through the serving window and see them making the food.
I had the Tom Yum soup extra Thai spicy and it cleared up my stuffed up head within minutes.
Great flavors.
Simply Yummy!

LOVE THIS PLACE!
Me and my boyfriend try to come in about once a week.
The food is amazing.
We get the yellow curry and the chicken pad thai, YUM

I was warned by a fellow patron that the hot is really hot.
They have two levels above that, so I figured I was ok.
The Papaya Salad was really hot, but the curry dish was not too bad when you add rice especially.
I would recommend this as the quality of the beef was good and the preparation of both dishes was good too.

Amazing!
We ordered red curry & panang curry and they both were so good.
I really enjoy spicy but I decided to be safe and order medium - which they told me would still be pretty spicy.
My mouth was at a perfect balance of on fire and delicious.
I would definitely recommend.
Also, we ordered take-out and there was plenty for two meals :)

Found this place on Yelp and want to pass on the good word...Great word actually, because Krua Thai is fantastic.
Very authentic and well priced.
Portion sizes are generous and the staff is very friendly.
My new go-to for Thai in Phoenix.
Nothing on the menu has disappointed so far.

Wow we found our new Thai place and who knew it would be a quick drive from our place.
It would be worth a long drive regardless.
We ordered beef garlic lovers dish and green duck curry, wonton soup.
For desert coconut ice cream and Thai custard with sticky rice.
Everything was very delicious, service was awesome.
We love this place.

I'd give 3.5 stars.
The coconut milk soup is sublime.....I could bathe in it.
The Massaman curry is good.
Everything else I've tried is meh.
But that soup.....That broth is the nectar of the gods and will ensure many return trips!

Not sure what all the other reviewers are talking about unfortunately.
Went here starving one day looking forward to an amazing Thai dinner bailed on all the previous reviews.
I was excited and in the mood for Thai.
Ordered the crispy tofu, tom kha with shrimp, pad tai and red curry with pork....
The whole meal was essentially uneatable.
All I could taste in the soup and curry was cream something sweet and lotsa salt.
The steamed rice was good but that's about it.
When I peaked in the kitchen I saw an older Asian lady so I thought it was gonna taste good however I was severely dissapointed.
I don't know if I just got the wrong stuff or  the ol lady was having an off day or what.
But suffice to say we hit five guys on the way home I was so sad.

Well, seems the reviews are up and down so may be I got lucky but, I will definitely be back!
Food was hot and tasty!
My only knock would be a little more protien in the meals would be nice however, the flavors & spices were just right!
Tom Kha was good, not my personal favorite but good.
Num Took was awesome!!
Pad Thai was great - ordered med and it was pretty hot!
just wish for a little more chix & shrimp.
Very good overall - I will be back!

Went here one night for take out after going to zumba across the street.
The tom yum was delicious and spicy.
The thai beef salad puzzled me because it had all the cooked part at the bottom and had iceberg lettuce on top.
That was probably a good idea to make it travel, but not a fan of the iceberg.
And when I got back to my hotel room and had no utensils I was annoyed, but the soup was good enough to sip from the cup.
I will probably try it again and skip the salad.

Great food if you like spicy stuff!
EVERYTHING is spicy, even sweet-n-sour stuff.
I highly recommend the chai tea.
Very sweet, but absolutely delicious.

Have become a regular here because of  "the best soup in the world" as I say.... Also, they have a great mango and sticky rice dessert.
Got some panang curry.
and although I hate green bell peppers, I would just ask for them not to be in there next time.
The curries are very good.
And they have the wonderful Thai coffee I like so much that's like creamy rocket fuel.
It is super clean, and the people who work here are obviously a family and are lovely people.

Not the best in town, but I come back as I don't want to drive to central Phoenix.
Service is always good, clean restaurant, only downfall the food is not consistent.
When I went today the chicken had a different or strange taste to it, but nonetheless I finished my whole plate.
I have that problem with Thai food, and I don't think it's because the spicy factor.
Not bad, but not the best.

Excellent!
service was good/friendly, not overbearing but attentive.
I ordered the lunch special, actually 2 cuz i thought they would be tiny lunch portions like most places do, but when they came out they were "regular" size and super freakin delicious!
Ended up taking 1/2 of each home for later!
GREAT FOOD/SERVICE/PRICE Wish they'd open one up closer to queen creek!

Too Good!
Had tried the Tom Kha Chicken soup (Hot) and Spicy Hot chicken fried rice..it was too goo!

Liked the food - the fresh spring rolls weren't the best I've eaten.
But the main course was good.
Food was truly spicy!

Good food, very fair price, and a nice variety on the lunch menu.
The service was pretty quick.
I ordered the sweet basil with beef and was not disappointed.
I would gladly go back.

I love curry and I love spicy and this place delivers!
Not much on atmosphere but if you like curry dishes and spicy food you can get it here.
I  LOVE hot and let me warn you now, when you order, you can order mild, medium, hot, and Thai hot.
The hot is on the edge of the max I can take.
There is a Thai place in Scotttsdale where I order very hot and it's maybe as spicy as the medium hot is here at Krua Thai.
Give it a try and thank me later.

First visit was not that impressive.
Service was great, place was nearly full but the flavor profiles were way off with limp texture.
The Tom Yam Goong soup was extremely sweet, not so sour and lacking spice but had a generous portion of shrimp and mushrooms.
The pineapple curry was made with canned pineapple that was excessively sweet and limp.
The Pad Kee Mao had vegetables that were limp from overcooking.
We had water for drinks so these three items totalled the bill to $39.00, tip additional.
Every restaurant has feature dishes, we must have chosen some of the wrong items.

I wasn't super hungry so I ordered the Garlic Lovers with mixed veggies.
It's served with mushroom, onion, garlic sauce over lettuce.
Sounded simple.
It was HORRIBLE!
First off there were NO mushrooms.
It tasted like someone took a cup filled it with minced garlic from a jar and dumped it on my dish.
The garlic was crunchy, there was no sauce, it They took $5 so it only cost me $4 to have one bite of it.
My boyfriend liked his sweet and sour chicken, it's what he always gets at Thai restaurants because he loves cooked cucumbers.
It wasn't at the top of his list but he would order it again.
We ordered two spring rolls (the ones without shrimp, they had different ones) and they were great.
We just moved down the street from this place so it's possible we will be back, but they have a lot of improving to do!

This place is right down the street from me, so it's definitely convenient.
I think their food is delicious!
I've had the Pad Thai several times, the garlic chicken, and the green chili chicken.
I was not disappointed by any of them.
I highly recommend it.
The staff is always polite and the service is great.

I found this place a few months ago and fell in love.
The food is great, the atmosphere nice and I enjoy coming back.
My favorite is simple, yellow curry chicken, but I have ventured into some of the other dishes.
Love it and recommend it.

This place is great!
Awesome neighborhood spot.
Great Thai food at really reasonable prices.
The only reason this place gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because sometimes the food can be just a touch oily for my liking.
They listen really well and always get the spiciness right which both my fiancee and I appreciate as he loves spicy spicy food and I am more of a medium spicy girl.
Favorites: Thom Kha Soup with chicken and Spicy Cashew Chicken.

Best Thai in Phoenix.
By far best Thai around.
I drive a long ways to come here.
Service is great, menu huge, food is awesome.
Real Thai...pretty sure you could strip lead based paint off furniture with anything prepared Thai hot.
It's Thai food the way it is supposed to be.
Also chicken is super lean and awesomely prepared.
Place is best Thai I've been to in Phoenix let alone the United States.

ok so..
I'm obviously no thai connoisseur.. but I was really looking forward to a good peanut sauce with my Pad Thai.. Fail.

They must have changed their cook again.
We have gone to this place for the last 10 years but skipped for a couple years because the food was bland.
Went back at the beginning of the year and it was good, but just went recently, and pad thai and yellow curry were not flavorful at all.
I would love to support this local restaurant though but it's been a little inconsistent.
Now Touch of Thai pad thai is awesome and the Thai House is better, more flavor.

Not too shabby!
If you are looking for some solid Pad Thai then enjoy yo self because this hit the spot.
The shrimp rolls were yummy and we will definitely hit this place up again when the Pad Thai craving hits..

Do yourself a favor and eat here.
Fresh classic traditional cuisine.
Always amazing.

I'd recommend this place more for dinner than for lunch.
Their lunch entrees, while generous, are really salty.
Their dinner isn't over salted.
They give you one small bowl of rice, and then charge $1.50 for more rice.
It's always busy, but clean.
It's smaller, so I wouldn't recommend having a dinner group larger than 5 show up without calling.
I always get the eggplant stir fry.
It's delicious, but it could use more eggplant.
Also, the eggplant could be a lil bit more tender like at Touch of Thai.

My first time here, last night.
My sister and I split a noodle soup with chicken.
And for our entree, we ordered Panang with tofu and vegetables.
Everything was delicious.
We went to order extra rice, because the first bowl didn't turn out to be enough, and the 2nd bowl, with an extra charge of $1.75, was much larger than the first.
They apparently do a very good "take-out" business, as people kept coming in to either pick-up, or place their order, and wait.
I will definitely come back.
The restaurant is attractive, and very comfortable.

Best Thai place in Phoenix or west valley.
I've been to all the others.
Great for lunch or dinner.
Cheap.
Tasty.
Spicy

This is my favorite Thai place in Phoenix and around.
Its really authentic Thai.
Krua thai rama and Green thai curry are my favorite here .
The chicken satay is great too.
We are a regular here and would recommend to everyone.
Take care of what Spice level you ask for.5 is still above medium and works best for me as I'm an Indian.
anything above that can be too much to handle.

Just horrible.
Tea was rancid and curry was sour rather than sweet-hot.
Waiter pushed back when I sent the bad food away.
I recommend bypassing this place.
I will never go back.

Food here is awesome!
I can't believe I've been living in the area for 2 years and am just now finding Krua Thai.
Plenty of choices for vegetarians as they offer to substitute tofu instead of meat.
The Pad Thai was delicious and I loved the vegetarian spring rolls.
My only complaint is that the rolls were pretty oily, I blotted mine with a napkin before eating and they were perfect, still very crispy.
I will definitely be back again!
Likely on a weekly basis.

Absolutely love this place and usually eat here every couple/few weeks.
I always get the Red Curry and the Chicken Satay.
The Thai Tea is really good as well.
Food is reasonably priced and the portions are pretty big/filling.
You definitely get your moneys worth.

Thai for me is one of those cuisines that can be hit or miss.
I mean, any time you need to specify how spicy the food should be and they still typically under shoot doesn't get my respect.
Krua Thai Cuisine at 16th Street and Bell, however, is the best I have had in a very long time.
The food was fantastic, there were great prices, and a lot of choices.
I think we will be back often to give other dishes a try.

We tried for a second time after the first takeaway was so hot we couldn't eat it; the reviews were good so we made sure we clearly told them the spice levels we wanted.
HO had Pad Thai and I had Kang Pa, which was a mistake as I like a thick curry sauce, but it was still delicious.
HO2 had mild curry.
Overall it was very good and tons of food!
Will be back for sure

OMG amazing!!!
This is the go to place for my weekly cheat meal!
The egg rolls and chicken pad thai with extra veggies is my favorite meal ever!!
They are very friendly every time anyone walks in the door and you get very fast service!
Whenever friends and family want to eat thai with us, we go here (: The food ALWAYS tastes fresh and is very consistent.

Great food...consistently.
Go here with my lunch buddies and been served quick with some hot awesome food.
Service is very friendly and helpful in case you are new to Thai but have the pallette for flavors and lastly very decently priced!

This is the best Thai food I've found in Phoenix, and I've been to Thailand several times.
Spice level "hOt" is just right.
My nose is running :-) Green curry has great crunchy veggies, Thai tea is nice and lunch specials are under $10.

I'm a big fan of Thai food.
I ordered the Veggie Red Curry, medium heat.
But they accidentally mixed up my order with another customers.
I took one bite and thought my head would explode.
He ordered extra extra spicy.
That experience was awful, but the staff corrected my order and multiple people apologized when they saw the tears running down my face from the heat.
Honest mistake, although I may have burned off a few taste buds in the process.
The owner even stopped by to apologize.
They corrected my order and it was delicious.
The Thai ice tea was also larger than I'm used too which was awesome!
I would definitely go back.
It's tucked away in a strip mall, but don't be fooled by that, it is quite delicious.

Really great Tai food, I highly recommend.
I had the spicy chicken dish and it was to die for.
Service was really good too, WILL BE BACK!

Excellent service, decent food.
Pepper steak was mild, curry fish was much tastier.
There are other hole in the wall thai places in the area that i prefer but this was also good.

Krua Thai serves good thai food if you happen to live north of Phoenix.
We ordered lunch portions of Stir Fry  Green Chilli, Sweet Basil (with Tofu), Spicy Fried, and Garlic Chicken and all dishes turned out well made and were well presented.
Service was efficient, quick and lunch portions are priced very reasonably.
One word of advice though: When you order your entree "hot", it is made very spicy(hot).
You will certainly start sweating.
Mild and medium levels of hotness should sit well with most people.
Will definitely come back and try their dinner menu.

Great Thai food and great ambiance for a hole in the wall joint.
The food has been consistent and much better than other Thai joints in the valley.
The only drawback is that they do not serve fountain drinks so you pay a lot of money for one small can of soda.
Stick to lunch specials if you plan to visit this joint since dinner is more expensive and literally serves up the same food minus the soup and egg roll.

I love this place.
A mom 'n pop place serving very good Thai food at good prices.
Watch out for the heat level and be sure to let them know if you want your food mild.
And by the way, a bit of warning: If you order the "garlic lovers," you had better be a BIG fan of garlic - in it's almost raw form.
The garlic taste is truly intense, which is the way I like it, but I know that most people would probably find it a bit extreme.

Great Thai food here.
Small place with limited seating but there is usually always an open table.
They are heavy on the spice so beware.
If you order Thai hot be prepared to sweat.
Portion sizes are large enough to share between two "non-starving" people.
It's small and a little tucked away but definitely worth finding.

Everything from appetizer to desert has been amazing.
I love veggie rolls, tom kay and  the curry noodles.
The curry noodles I need at least once a month but if I could I would have it once a week, it's just that good.

This small establishment has become my favorite Thai place in north Phoenix.
Food is always wonderful and quick.
Service is good as well.
Prices are very reasonable.
Larb is my favorite appetizer and the curries are quite delicious.
I would recommend ordering medium level of spice.
The Thai Ice Tea with cream is yummy too.

Don't let this restaurant's strip mall or small size fool you.
The food here is FANTASTIC, as is the service.
A fair warning to newcomers, however...their spice levels are a fair bit spicier than other Thai places in the valley

I have been craving good Thai and remembered this place from years ago.
We arrived right at 5  and ordered quickly.
I am a purist; I love Pad Thai with lots of peanut sauce and Summer Rolls.
My friends had Spring Rolls, Satay, and Tom Yum.
We ate family-style and thought the meal was good  So here's where they lost me: we  finished our meal and the check arrived.
We were not asked I'd we wanted dessert or anything else.
At the one-hour mark, the owner came over and asked us to leave .
She had people waiting for tables, but there were plenty of empty tables so we were confused but paid up an left.
So.
There you have it.
The food is decent but the way we were treated left something to be desired.
I did see people doing takeout .
That might be an idea for folks in the neighborhood but I'll have to find a place that lets me have dessert and coffee and relax a bit.

I can be very selective on Thai food.
This place was amazing.
The Pad Thai I ha was outstanding!

I love this place.
It's close to my apartment and the food is always good whether it's take out or dining in.
The staff is always so nice too!

I am a die-hard spicy Pad Thai fan, I think I could eat it every single day.
I pass this place constantly and dismiss it because it's in a sketchy-looking strip mall.
After reading some great Yelp reviews, I gave it a try.
I had the Pad-Thai at "medium" spice level.
That was spicy!
And I like spicy.
Make sure to have a glass of milk or something on hand because it hurts so good.
The amount of chicken/shrimp in the dish is scant, but I suppose at the price it makes sense.
It's enough food for two full servings, no doubt.
Overall it kind of lacked in abundance of ingredients besides noodles, of which there was an overabundance.
Due to price and proximity to my house, I will eat there again.
If you just want some cheap and tasty Pad Thai, it's worth it.
If you're looking for a mind-blowing Thai food experience, this isn't it.

Vegetarian Dishes are AWESOME!
Tom Kha Soup with vegetables and Pad Thai (no egg) with vegetables are the best in Phoenix.
I could live off of those two items!
....just ate there today and already feel like having more.
Sticky Rice for dessert is very tasty, too!

Delicious.
This was our first visit since Thai Rama has been closed and we were not disappointed.The staff was very friendly and accommodating.
The Tom Kah soup was some of the best I've ever had and the lemon infused water was a nice touch.
We also had the sweet and sour chicken which was kinda meh but everything else was quite tasty.
We will be back for sure.

Breathtaking, amazing, and beautiful are just some of the words to describe this place.
There fried wontons are amazing with an Amazing sauce.
I always have there yellow curry, and it is amazing.
Prices are good and nice serving size for great leftovers.
Potatoes could be a little thinner cut but still amazing.
The yellow curry is very spicy but still worth it!
You HAVE to come to this place!
Extremely authentic with very nice service and a good interior (not great).

excellent Tom Yum and Tom Kha and Panang Curry.
You can get your dish very hot.
Hotter than anywhere else I've ever been.
Also they have this spice mix on the table that is delish and can easily increase the heat.
Service is great.
Only drawback would be there are very few tables so don't go at peak dining hours.

I listened to you Yelpers and went to Krua Thai for dinner Saturday night.
The place is located in a nothing strip mall where you would never expect to find such a great place.
It is small, clean and attractive with booths on either side and a few tables in the middle.
Decorated with Thai artifacts but not overdone.
We were greeted in a very friendly manner and we took our time selecting from the menu because we don't do Thai food that often.
We decided on the vegetarian rolls as an appetizer, Sweet and Sour Chicken and Stir Fried Sweet Basil.
With the latter dish you get to choose what you want: Chicken, Pork, Beef or Tofu.
Shrimp is $2 extra.
I chose the tofu and asked that it be fried and then added to the dish--no problem she said.
I also asked for extra spiciness.
The veggie rolls were a nice size and delicious for $2.
Great so far.
The sweet and sour chicken came just as my hubby likes it, with no breading.
(That's why this dish chinese style is so high in calories.
The breading absorbs all the oil).
It had veggies including tomatoes.
I haven't see that before in sweet and sour chicken.
He loved it.
My Tofu dish was spicy enough for me, fresh and the tofu was fried as I had requested.
The dish even had bamboo shoots in it which I detest, but somehow it tasted good in this dish.
We were given plenty of lemon-flavored water to keep us hydrated.
We loved the food, the service and the place.
The total bill was $23.
How can you beat that for good Thai food?
Next time I'll try the Pad Thai --looked good when served to other patrons.
I'll be back!

Oh my, where do I start?
let me say it this way.
We tried this place because we thought service was going down in our regular Thai place... well, I will be happy to take the old place slowness anytime, compared to how rude the people at this place were to us.
I honestly am not sure if they know we are paying customers, it was a combination of people with bad manners doing you a favor, and being reprimanded at school.
The food was good, but not awesome to put up with this.
And the worst part is that our party was 5 and they included the gratuity in our check.
I think people are entitled to have a bad day but I really could not believe it.
I would never tip a penny, but if I ever did, this was the time.
The coconut soup is good, I think that is the only item I had.
So, about 3.5 stars for the food, 1 for the service.
Now, if you are not sensitive as I am, give it a try : P

solid place to go for Thai.
I like it hot but be careful if you're ordering Thai hot.
The owner didn't let me on my first visit and she was spot on

