I have been there twice- 2 times too many.
I had acrylic nails put on and they looked hideous.
Prices are decent for a reason.
The people were friendly, but the actual service was horrible.
The nails were crooked and I had to go home and fix them myself.
I actually thought to myself how stupid can these people be--- it's your job.
Either way.. don't go there.

1st time I have ever gotten a brow wax next to my work so I came here...
The lady is awesome... Everything is klean and sanitized.
She made me feel like as if she wad my mom and knew I was doubting or I was scare.
Shes been doing this for 25yrs also

I like this place.
It's clean and big, and always has a ton of staff.
They are incredibly friendly and do fast, great work.
Prices are incredibly reasonable.
Plus they always accommodate you to make sure you can get in, even as a walk-in customer.
They'll even stay late to make sure you get taken care of.

Never returning to this place again!
I was really disappointed with the way the staff treats the customers.
They told me one price when I went in and a totally different price when it was time to pay.
Moreover, the staff tends to talk in their own language, which I find very disrespectful.

I will never go to this place again.
The employees dont listen.
I was over charged and they would not refund me.

Liked this place.
Got my eyebrows waxed here and most likely going here again.
Everyone was nice and they accomodated me even though I was a walk-in.
But I was VERY pregnant and I thought she would help me lay me down or at the very least get up, but she didn't.
Love the prices and hopefully will be pleased when I get my nails done here.

Very accomidating for a wedding party.
The guys for the "MANicure and Pedicure" were even very happy with the services provided to clean up there nails for the wedding, all at competitve prices.
Very clean, very friendly and very good with kid services.

Love this place.
Always friendly and they're open 7 days a week!
It's a full service salon.
Manicures, pedicures, waxing, tanning and massages.
They have a pedicure special that includes sugar scrub, callous removal, foot and leg massage with mint lotion along with a neck and shoulder massage plus all the usual components of a pedicure for $35!
They also do top notch eyebrow waxing.

If you are looking for DON AND THERESA they opened their own shop.
It's on cave creek and bell rd.
It is called Tiffany nails by Don & Theresa.

I really like this salon.
They are reasonably priced, and the Spa Pedicure deal (it's on the wall) is a great package at a great price.
It's very clean, too.
My favorite techs are Lisa and Ann.
By the way, bring cash for the tip, otherwise you'll have to run next door to Fry's.
They don't allow you to add tips to your total bill if you use a credit card.
Merchant service fees can get expensive for merchants and they are probably just trying to keep their costs down.

Went here for an eyebrow waxing.
I moved over 30 minutes from my regular place so I tried searching yelp reviews for eyebrow waxing.
This one was closest to my house with decent reviews.
I don't want to say they did a horrible job.
But it wasn't great, or at least wasn't what I'm used to.
The waxing cleaned up the edges around the brows fairly well but they didn't bother to do a trimming on the hairs.
So they still stayed long and easily fell out of place making them look slightly unruly still.
I mean I guess I could have gone home and trimmed them up myself (which I ended up doing anyway) but I paid for the services so why not do the job right?
I guess I'll keep looking for an eyebrow place near my new home.

Wait, cute nails, good price & a half back massage!
hecks ya!
I really like this place and had to find somewhere else to go as my usual spot was talking to me so much I had a headache when I left.
Don't get me wrong, I don't mind chatting but sometimes I just want to sit there and be left alone.
For $35 for a pedicure with polish, design, hot towel, foot and leg massage, callus remover and half back massage I think it's a smokin deal.
I had Lisa and she was really nice, I'll totally be back.

Love this place!
They do great full sets and are super friendly.
They fixed my nails after getting an awful set done somewhere else... Wesley made them turned them into a great looking set!
Highly recommend going here!
Prices are good too!

Great quick service   Leo did my nails,  funny guy.
Suggested a color I would never have choose but turned out cute.

Came here on a recommendation from my Mom's coworker.
I made a reservation for two pedicures at 2:30 on a Friday.
My Mom waited a half hour before anyone came over to start her pedicure.
As for myself, it is almost 3:40 and I still have not had anyone start my pedicure.
Oh wait someone did remove my old polish and then she walked away.
So I am still sitting here.
Oh did I mention two women came in after me and are almost done with their pedicures.
Yes they came in well after I was here and are almost done.
Hmm that doesn't seem right.
I am almost inclined to get up and walk away.
Then the owner came over to finish my pedicure.
Ugh.
This is the worst customer service I have experienced at a nail salon.
Not only that but the worst pedicure experience.
I left with not even having my feet massaged.
My suggestion, don't come here ever.
Worst experience ever.

I was recommended by a good friend to come here.
She had never gotten a manicure, but she loved the pedicures there.
I love nail art, and wanted something cute I had seen on pinterest.
I had my phone on, showing the picture I wanted the gel manicure of the entire time.
The lady didn't know what she was doing!!
I had to tell her how to do her job!
I have no idea how she got her license.
She didn't know how to glue/put a stud on my nails--I had to "give her a suggestion" because it wouldn't stick.
She didn't file the nails enough because  when I left I felt them edgy, jagged,  and pointy;and not just one of them--but four of them!
GREAT!
Each time I am going somewhere new, I ask them how much their gel manicure is, and she told me 25.00 for a gel manicure, and 25.00 for the pedicure that I wanted.
Once I was going to pay they said it is 65.00 for both!
I was so pissed!
They said it was extra for the "art" they had to do.
I was like: "Art?
Are you kidding me?
What "art?
" I told them they should have mentioned that to me before!
I am one to ALWAYS leave a good tip, and this time I did not feel bad for not leaving a tip.
Honestly, I could've done a much better job with these nails.
They are so unprofessional here, and the customer service SUCKS!
I WILL NEVER COME BACK HERE AGAIN, OR RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!
That's what I get for trying out a new place.
I will stick to my wonderful Whimsical Nails on Thunderbird and Tatum!
It's been four days, and two of my studs already fell off!!!
I am so mad because I knew this was going to happen as I showed the "nail technician" that she was doing it wrong, and suggested to do it a different way!
Total disappointment!
THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!!!!

I moved to az almost 3 years ago and i have been to a couple nail places.. i so miss my place in NY.. but this place is right around the corner from where i live and next to the grocery store i frequent.. i thought i would give it a try.. and i love it!
my nails have been great each time..
I have also gotten 2 pedicures there and they did a great job!
i had the spa one and a regular one with calus treatment..
Both great!
I have had Lee and leon do my nails, both were great!
they get you in quick!
The only thing they are missing is a glass of wine with my pedicure!!
thats why only 4 stars... :)

I got a full set by a woman (I didn't ask her name unfortunately) she mentioned she has 5 children and she has long black hair.
Let me just say she did absolutely amazing.
I have NEVER had a better set.
They are completely straight and gorgeous.
She was personable and spoke to my 5 year old.
Not many techs seem to do that these days.
I wish I would have tipped her more she deserved it for sure!

