This place is the only place I will go in the valley to get a oil change.
I live 25 minutes away and I don't mind supporting this locally owned lube shop.
The prices are fair and competitive.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
Here is the most important part of this place..... you ready?
drumroll.......
This place is honest.
They will not try to sell you a service you do not need.
They will not charge you a arm and a leg for a part.
You need an air filter?
You are going to get the air filter almost the same price you would pay at Checkers.
Feel free to spark up a conversation with the owner Gene while you wait, he has lots of stories and will make the time go quicker.

From the moment I called, I knew I found a place that cared.
The gentleman was very straightforward on the phone.
No suggestions that there might be an extra charge for anything, no mention of any "value adds", nothing of the sort that I've experienced at countless other facilities.
I asked him how much, he asked what year, make and model, I told him, he gave me a price.
I asked if they could get me done that day, he said yes.
Less than an hour later, I was there and home already.
Very nice.
I will be back for future lube and oil work.

Family owned, quick, honest, and they care.
Best thing about them, they don't try to sell you services or products you don't need.
Great service - I will be back.

I have been coming here for years, the owner Gene is so nice and at the end of your service you feel like family.
They do more than just oil changes.. very reliable and no bull.
I used to go to the dealership, but they are so overpriced.
Save yourself money and finally get the customer service you deserve.

This isn't your standard Texaco, or your standard Oil Change Garage.
It's family run and owned, they are honest, they do more work than just oil changes, and their prices are fair and competitive for whatever service their are providing.
Whenever I have a problem with my truck, or a family car, I bring it there first.
They can often take care of the problem while I wait.
If it's going to take longer than half an hour, they will drive me home, then come pick me back up to get my truck.
If they can't fix it, they can at least tell me what is wrong, what will fix it, and roughly how much it should cost.
They're a family run business, they're close to home, and they're HONEST.
I see the other reviews state that as well, but I have a lot of experience with vehicle repair locations, and doing vehicle repair myself, and I know when they're talking to me it's the truth, which is rare in this industry.

This place is great.
It is family owned.
The owner and his kids run this shop.
They are honest and don't try to upsell a bunch of things to be done with your car.
When there is something going on, they'll take the time to explain it to you and tell you why you should consider having something done.
I go here for my oil changes, they are quick and professional.
Support local businesses!

Great service we will be back as a matter of fact I am going home and get the car and coming back

