This is a great little chinese joint that delivers and which has saved me many times as I've been hungover on the couch too tired to move.
The Egg Foo Yung is tasty with a great brown gravy.
The Beef Lo Mein is a great dish as well as the Chicken Fried Rice.
They usually make it pretty quick to the house and are

This hole in the wall quite possible has the best Chinese food in Phoenix.
Deffinitely the best Wor Won Ton soup and pork Egg Foo Young.
Great for carry out and they have a large delivery area!

What a surprising little nugget this was!
We did take out (menu online), so I can't comment on the inside of the restaurant.
Yeah, I waited in the car...
Didn't see a point in both of us going in.
We got home and WOW!
First off the portions are huge!
I was starving and barely dented my meal.
They had 6 veggie options.
I opted for the orange tofu.
It was so fresh and cooked to perfection.
Also had red chili peppers and broccoli.
Perfect amount of sauce, tons of tofu, awesome flavor, tender rice, and even great presentation in a to go box!
Topped with an orange slice and all.
The chicken lo mien looked great as well and the husband enjoyed it so much he's now hating himself for eating more than he should have and curled up in a big stuffed ball.
Great prices, diverse menu, friendly staff (some language barriers present, so speak slowly), and just yummy.
Added a star for having varied Veggie options as well.
*They deliver

We've been on the lookout for inexpensive and tasty Chinese food.
We're done looking!
This place isn't fancy, but our take-out was delish!
The pork egg foo young was super, and the honey garlic chicken was perfect.
Crispy chicken with the right amount of sauce.
The people running the place were very friendly, and the food was ready very quickly.
And they deliver... We'll probably do delivery next time.

The food wasn't as jaw dropping as one might expect from other reviews.
It was average, but not bad.
The staff was friendly but I wouldn't want to dine in so we got your food to go.

Wow.
Seriously wow!
You would never guess food so good comes from such a bad looking location.
Trusted my fellow reviewers and stopped by for lunch.
Boy, am I glad I did.
Ordered the chicken with vegetables lunch combo.
The dish was near perfect.
The veggies were crisp and tasted fresh, just the right amount of tender chicken, and the sauce was exactly what it good chinese should be... light, not salty, not syrupy, not sweet... just right.
The rice was also perfect.
I detected no MSG flavor.
When you order a dish with vegetables, you should be able to taste their sweet freshness, and that's exactly how my dish was prepared.
If you put this meal on a fancy plate, you would gladly pay $20 and enjoy every bite.
I took off one star because the dining room is not much to look at.
A little dark, a little cluttered, but clean.
Obviously, the bulk of their business is take-out and delivery.
Note the name change: New North China Restaurant.
Employees were friendly and my food arrived quickly.
Without a doubt, I will be back.

Don't waste your money this was the worst Chinese I've ever had.
Absolutely bland flavorless food I think they keep there costs down be removing all the ingredients from there dishes.

This place is a solid 3 1/2 stars, I will definitely order from here again.
We had delivery and the prices were good and the food was above average, HOWEVER, I wouldn't drive to go to this restaurant.
It was convenient and above average delivery and we will definitely order again, but this isn't one of those places were you think, Wow, I've got to have some North China Restaurant tonight.
Delivery was quick and food was warm.

Fast delivery, good food, I recommend this and they will be my first call for Chinese food from now on.

All I can say is yum!!

Decided to try a new Chinese restaurant and I'm very impressed.
Nice white meat chicken in the fried rice and same in the cashew chicken.
My new favorite place

I'm new to the area and didn't know what my delivery options were.
Based on the reviews, this place sounded like a home run.
I was so disappointed!
The food is reasonably priced, they deliver for $12 min, and delivery was quick, so it warrants 2 stars.
I also love the fried noodles they included with my soup.
Unfortunately, everything about my General Tso's combo was subpar.
The meat was all dark meat, and some of it quite fatty.
The fried shrimp that came with it tastes old, as did the rice (and who messes up fried rice?).
In the unlikely event that I order from them again, I will steer clear of the chicken!

Thank God!
After many trial and errors trying to find a decent Chinese restaurant that delivers, North China Restaurant fills the bill.
The sesame beef, General Tso's and house lo mein are really good.
Pass on the fried rice and shrimp with lobster sauce though.
Those dishes aren't bad, but definitely not their best.

Best Chinese food around.
Took me awhile to find a good place.
Finally!!
Crab puffs yummy : ) Dinner specials are large and filling.
Enough to share.
Quick service, especially fast if you are grabbing pick up on the way home from work!

Please don't waste your time or money!
Absolutely horrible, it taste as bad as the building looks!
HORRIBLE SERVICE TOO!

My son and I had the chicken fried rice and it was excellent.
Very good flavor and lots of chicken.
Also ordered the crab puffs which weren't bad, but I wasn't as impressed with them.
(Am I the only one who remembers when crab puffs actually had crab in them?
) We ate in and had the place to ourselves on a Friday night.
Clean inside, tables looked brand new or like they are hardly used.
Food arrived to our table hot, and plates and utensils were spotless.
Service was ok, not rude but not very friendly either.
I'm thinking this is a nice place to go to when you want a more quiet setting than the usual Friday night crowded restaurant.
Several people picked up orders while we were there and I heard then taking a few delivery orders, so it appears, as others have mentioned, this it more of a takeout place.
Nevertheless I was pleasantly surprised with the neat appearance inside.
The location sits between a laundromat and a smoke shop, but don't let the whole-in-the-wall exterior shy you away.
It's a decent place with good food.

my son and I just ordered delivery from this place because we got a pamphlet and the door, we ordered the sweet and sour chicken and the kung pao extra spicy!!!
fantastic the only reason not a five star not enough sauce on the sweet and sour next time going to ask for an extra side!

Lady on phone was rude and would not take there coupon, food was not good, way too much breading on shrimp and general chicken was hard as a rock.
I would have to pass not impressed at all, kids wouldn't eat it either.

Alls I can say is can you find a decent Chinese place in this town I appreciate they can't speak English over the phone so I'm sure it's authentic but these people really don't know how to cook so unimpressed with the food I'm voting Panda Express over this garbage food Alls it was good for was dog food cause it wasn't edible

The food here is sooo good, especially the Chicken Lo Mein, General Tso's Chicken, and sweet and sour chicken.
The portions are huge, the sweet and sour chicken is always made with the sauce on the side, so it is still crisp when it arrives, not soggy.
The only reason they don't get 5 stars from me is the pieces of vegetables in the dishes are too large.
It's my go-to Chinese place; fast delivery.

