This business is recommended by Discount Tire locations.
Good pricing and fast service.
They did such a good job on my alignment I was wondering if I had the right vehicle.

We had just purchased new front tires for our vehicle from Discount Tire in Anthem.
Even though the location was a bit far, they recommended that we go to Network Alignment & Brakes as they are the best in the valley.
Very glad we did.
When they took a look at it they told me it didn't need an an alignment and I was good to go... no charge.
Honest, personable, and great customer service.
I will certainly be taking all my cars there from now on.

All good.
They did what they said, when they said for the price they said... and no surprises.
I've been jacked around plenty at repair shops and so am always worried when I take my car somewhere new, but I had no problems.

Stand up guys.
Scott took care of me and didn't pressure me into any repairs.
He was kind enough to quote the needed repairs and offered to just do the bare minimum (safely of course) to get me back on the road.
I'll be referring friends to this shop so long as they are in business.

This is another one of the few places that I trust to do the job right.
This shop is efficient, honest and fair.

Unbelievable customer service!
They actually insisted that my car did not require alignment.
These people are a total credit to their industry!

My vehicle had started pulling to the right, and if you took your hands off of the steering wheel, it would head for the curb.
I took it to Network Alignment & Brakes to see what was going on.
The tech came into the waiting room and told me he had found a problem.
He showed me that two of the four bolts holding the upper left ball joint in place were missing, and the remaining two were very loose.
A few months prior I had the ball joint replaced at another auto repair shop, and apparently the bolts that came with it were junk.
The tech replaced the missing bolts and tightened everything.
I was only charged for the alignment that I needed after the repair even though I asked about not being charged for the repair.
That is real customer service.
They will get all of my future alignment needs.

Took my Jeep in for the post-lift alignment.
Turned out the alignment was spot on (props to Cutting Edge 4x4 who installed it) and they didn't charge me.
I overheard the tech talking to another customer explaining, with a sample part, why they needed to replace a worn tie rod end before they would do an alignment.
So again, no charge for unnecessary work and a very helpful explanation.
The honesty is refreshing and I wouldn't hesitate to go back even though its a far drive for me.

I have bought new tires and was referred by Discount Tires to have an alignment done.
The service took little over an hour on a Friday afternoon.
I was glad there was a Dairy Queen next to the shop.
They have limited seats in waiting area, especially on a busy day.
The time just flew by while I was enjoying my favorite treats.
When I returned to pick up my car, I was ready to pay for the $49.99 alignment.
Adam explained that I didn't need the alignment, and was no charge for the service.
He showed me the print out and the wheels were aligned.
This is one shop that do follow their slogan "affordable - honest - friendly"!
They also have coupons to print on their website.

I was a Saturday walk in, concerned my brakes might be a bit wacky after some shimmy on a recent backroad trip.
Scott worked me in in less than two hours.
He found nothing wrong, said I still had 45% of the pads left, adjusted the brakes,  added fluid, thanked me, shook my hand, and gave me my keys.
No charge.
With this kind of service and honesty, I'll be back.
In addition to the simple honesty, this is a *local* shop and I like keeping $ local when possible.
(Should have gone to the Dairy Queen next door - not really local, I know.
Rolberto's,  about 100 m north, earns 3 stars as the friendly staff adds an extra star to 2-star food.

My daughter took my car today because I thought I was needing brakes.
I figured it would cost at least $300.
They did an inspection and guess what?
There was NO CHARGE.
They said my brakes were fine and I did not need to replace or repair them They did tighten something up but still no charge.
With this kind of honesty I will be back for all of my work, my daughters work, and I will tell everyone I know.
I'm still in shock they were this honest.

Took my car to Discount Tire to get new tires.
After the installation, the tech told me about my wheel lock stud being broken on the rear left side, so he gave me a piece paper with Network Alignment & Brakes name and phone number on it telling me to call them and they'll fix the wheel lock for free.
I called yesterday afternoon asking how long will it take to fix the issue, the guy on the phone said with appointment, about 45 minutes.
So I set-up the appointment for this morning and I arrived few minutes early, and I was greeted right away.
The whole process took less than 20 minutes.
What an awesome job they did.

Scott did not perform the alignment I went in for.
He called explained there were some other issues that needed to be taken care of.
Performing the  alignment before the worn parts were replaced would not  make any sense.
He also stated it was not a safety issue so it was not a dire issue to have the repairs done today.
He was professional and ethical

These guys rock for sure!
I had a 3inch lift installed on my FJ cruiser with aftermarket upper control arms.
When the other shop completed the lift I had serious alignment issues.
I brought my Fj to Network on Cave Creek and these guys had me aligned and out in no time.
These guys know what they are doing for sure.
Side note: Prior to bringing my truck here I tried Toyota dealer for alignment and they were gonna charge me through the roof, they looked at me like I was from outer space.
They proceeded to tell me I would need additional parts to get this alignment done.
Well Network didnt need extra parts and it drives smooth.
Thanks guys!

I always use these guys for my alignments.
They do a great job if I need it, but often I don't, and they are honest about telling me.
They have my loyalty and spreading the word.

