This place is a ripoff.
I had a storage unit for 2 years here.
When I deceided to give it up they would not prorate my fees when I was told by the staff and manager that they prorate fees.
They had no concern for my situation, the staff is very unfriendly.
DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.

I have moved in and out of this location several times for my customer's and they have always been happy with their experience.
My crew has been in contact with the management and they have always been helpful and professional.
I would not hesitate to recommend them or use their facilities for my own storage of household goods.
If you need a place to store your stuff this is the place in the north valley.

I just rented an air conditioned 10 x 15 unit after researching my neighborhood for a few months.
It is in a newly renovated building.
I found the service to be exceptional and the unit to be inviting, clean & conveniently located.
My previous unit was in an upscale No.
Scottsdale location.
I found this unit to be as impressive, with accomodating staff.
I move in next week.
I expect the experience to go smoothly.
I am perplexed by the previous reviewer's experience but my situation is coming in, rather than departing.
I will take note of his comments about fees although I usually leave a unit on it's due dates; this would be a non issue.

So there is only one review on Yelp for this joint, and a few tips.
I thought that the review was just from a disgruntled customer at first, so I figured, why not.
I'm currently in the process of moving to Oregon, so a lot of our things needed to go to storage for short term.
Since Uncle Bob's Storage is right down the street, and also the least expensive we could find in the area (although, not by much), it seemed like the review could be bypassed.
We made our reservation online for the unit and moving truck (free with rental), so that was really nice.
Upon arrival, the guy behind the counter greeted us quickly.
I believe his name Paul, he was super nice and helped us through the contract and legal jazz.
No issues at all with him.
In fact, kudos to you Paul, because honestly you have to deal with Norissa, and she is quite the "gem".
It seemed like she kept cutting into our conversation (while on her cell phone personal calls), to say things that were off putting to a new client.
When he was explaining how our unit had to be cleaned out upon our vacating the premises, she chimed in rudely "anytime you litter we can charge you $100".
um, hello, aren't you trying to get business?
Another issue was with the yelp check in.
When you check in, you are able to get 15 free boxes.
Paul had not seen the yelp ad before (which is fine, most company employees anywhere don't know they exist), so he asked Norissa about it.
She put my phone one the counter and said, again rudely, "we are out of boxes anyways but this doesn't apply to you because you got a free months rent".
hmm.
okay .
thanks welcome wagon.
So anyways, there are also a lot of start up fees that aren't listed on the website, but in the agreement, it's all very clear and easy to understand.
Uncle Bob's storage is a nice place (so far), it just seems to be the staff that fellow yelpers have issues with.

