Long story short, the quote to do the maintenance and a few repairs on my RX at Bell Lexus was $800 less than at Scottsdale Lexus and they could guarantee me an RX loaner (I needed the rear air and room for the stroller).
Now I'm frugal so I would have driven all the way up there from Ahwatukee to save $100 but $800!
That's crazy!
Not only that, but they found things that Scottsdale Lexus didn't find and they were real, honest-to-god problems because my car quit making the exhaust leak sound after they fixed it (when it never had an exhaust leak).
I'll definitely keep driving up there.
It's farther away but it's by far worth it for the quality of service and the savings.

I think that it is difficult to differentiate between Lexus service centers as they all adhere to to relatively high standards, but I have to say that Bell Lexus is a a pure pleasure to have my car serviced at.
Like most dealerships I was not only able to book my appointment online but also able to get the first time and date I requested.
When you get to the covered service drive, you are always greeted and walked into your service consultant.
I work with Debi at Bell Lexus and she not only gets everything processed and my car in for service quickly but also always has a loaner ready to go.
This time it was a 2010 RX which made the fiancee happy because she is looking at one as her next car possibly.
It gave us the perfect opportunity to drive it around for the morning and see if it was something that we truly liked.
I think we are in trouble because we both definitely thought it was a great car for her.
Back to the service though.
I had my car in at 8:30 am and I had a call by noon that my 15,000 mile service was not only done but also my brakes had been replace (under warranty) at no extra charge.
I was back in my car (which they also washed) by 1:30 in the afternoon and on my way.
Overall, great service and experience.

For this review, I will simply cut/paste my letter I sent to Lexus regarding my recent 60,000 mile "service.
" Simply put, if you don't mind paying $600 for a "service", then feel free to use these criminals.
"We recently had a 60,000 mile service performed at Bell Lexus in Phoenix.
I am completely appalled at the prices your company and this dealer charged us.
$386.82 for what amounts to a glorified oil change.
I feel like I need a police officer, since I was just robbed.
There is nothing done in this service that isn't done by a standard Jiffy Lube oil change for $40.
Labor costs of $257.40 for a couple hours (if that much) of checking and topping off fluids!!??
Is this some kind of sick joke??
$125 to program a key that already cost us hundreds of dollars???
10 seconds of typing onto a keyboard for $125??
My total bill breakdown is $444.90 of labor, $169.37 parts.
(that include some oil and 2 wiper blades)Another $40 of "misc charges".
I am appalled, and will NEVER visit any Lexus dealer for any kind of service again.
And I will post my bill information on every review site I can find.
Your company should be ashamed and embarassed.
And no, some kid in a tux with a muffin and coffee when I arrive does NOT help.
Jeff Clay Invoice # LECS210612 Invoice date 6/23/10"

Bell has been our Lexus dealer since we moved to the valley and we have used them for service since we purchased our cars in other states.
I believe this allows us to offer a fair evaluation and an opportunity to see them in action (ex-the-buying experience).
Our service professional has been very willing to point out things and generally be very helpful.
He doesn't make the rules, but I have found him to be great!
The one problem we all have is the 30K, 60K and 90K servicing.
I've had them all on several different cars/SUVs throughout the US and sometimes the quotes are laughable.
I particularly liked the $1,500 quote for the 60K service on one of our RXs in the Midwest.
But don't be put off; like I said the service folks at Bell have been helpful and in the past have allowed us to spread it out over several visits as a courtesy.
If you spend $50,000 or more for something really nice, what's $750 every three years or so to keep it in top condition AND -- in warranty?

I had a new windshield in my car installed on 1/23/12 and took my car in on 1/27/12 for a mild vibration issue.
The dealership had my car for 23 days and put over 600 miles on my car test driving the car.
After 23 days in the shop the service advisor called me to tell me that the tech and foreman at the dealership could not figure out what was wrong with the car and that they wanted a field rep from Lexus to evaluate the car.
I agreed and took my car home.
On the way home as I drove into the sun I noticed that my brand new windshield was heavily pitted.
I thought it may have been some over spray but after cleaning the windshield repeatedly it was pretty obvious it was damaged.
I called my SA to mention it to him and he said that he didn't remember doing any damage to the car ,he said he drove it carefully, and that they weren't going to replace any glass.
After driving into the sunset one more time I got kind of irritated with how badly the glass was pitted.
I decided to write the SA and manager an email asking to have the glass replaced and that I was unhappy at the fact that my glass was damaged.
I also explained that I wasn't going to let this go because a little over a year ago I had the tech at the dealership put new wipers in my car and when I picked up the car there was a huge perfectly arc shaped scratch in my glass that followed the exact track of the wiper.
Obviously the tech must have triggered the wiper before the new insert was in place and the metal arm left a superficial scratch in the glass ( about 32").
I complained to the SA and he said that the tech denied doing any damage.
I didn't want to make a big stink so I replaced the glass, but I couldn't in good conscious pay for their damage to my car for the second time.
The tech on this last visit also lost 2 of my wheel locks and I replaced them, once again to not make a big deal ( they also put a 4" scratch on the roof of my GS and ignored me when I mentioned it to them ).
After emailing the SA and manager at Bell Lexus in Phoenix, I didn't receive a response.
I waited 10 days and was pretty amazed that an issue like this was being handled so poorly, especially being an owner of an LS460 and a GS350 previously ( and purchased new at that particular dealership).
I emailed the manager again telling him that I was unhappy and was not going to just go away because he wants to ignore me.
You would think after buying a new car there and being a good customer at the dealership for 5 years that the manager would settle this honorably.
WRONG !!!!!
This idiot manager told the SA to tell me that he would pay half of my deductible and that I was no longer welcome at their service department because I was to picky.
I was in disbelief.
These people are supposed to service Lexus vehicles but then they tell you they cant figure out the issue with the car ( no wonder since the foreman couldn't put either one of my door panels off after he did the wind noise fix) after 23 days .
Then they damaged my brand new windshield.
To top it off when I email the manager and get no response after 10 days ( The manager told the SA he forgot to email me back) and send him another email telling I am not going to go away and that I will escalate things by calling Lexus if he continues to ignore me for more than another week ( total window of 17 days to answer an email ) , he offers me $250 and to never return to his service drive for being to picky.
WOW!!
Bell Lexus in Phoenix AZ is the worst dealership I have ever visited in my entire life.
Anyone in the Phoenix/AZ area who needs service, do yourself a favor and stay away from these inept, unprofessional, rude, and sorry bunch .
Bell Lexus is a poor excuse for a Lexus dealership.
When I called Lexus corporate they were in disbelief at the extremely poor level of treatment, said they will look into it.
Lexus customer asked what I wanted.
I simply said I want my glass replaced on principle.
In the future I will be avoiding Bell Lexus in Phoenix like cancer.
If you want your car serviced without risk of being repeatedly damaged and asked to go away when you complain because you are to picky, then avoid Bell Lexus as well

update: alright guys looks like the level of service has just dropped.
I am in disbelief.
I had an appointment set for this saturday at Bell Lexus' sister dealership Arrowhead Lexus for a 55 k service.
I get a call this afternoon from one of the service advisors from arrowhead Lexus who told me in a voicemail that "we can not service your vehicle this saturday.
" I had a feeling this would happen because when I did the 2 or 3 dealership reviews it said that the reviews and my info would be given to the manager at that particular dealership.
I called the service manager at Arrowhead, who used to be my SA there, and he told me that the manager at Bell Lexus is his boss and since I "blogged" about my bad experience that I am also not allowed at that dealership as well since they are owned by the same company and managed by the same manager.
I called Lexus and they were floored.
They didn't even know what to say.
I told them I don't know why this manager is making this personal but since it is his right to deny me then its my right to blog about the experience as well.
They agreed and said I have every right to voice my opinion.

We bought a 2011 Lexus at Bell.
Our sales associate was very professional and knowledgeable.
Unfortunately, the finance manager was right out of a movie.
A typically use car salesman attitude and persona.
He tried to take advantage of us both on our trade and lease.
I will never buy another vehicle from Bell Lexus.
Next time Scottsdale Lexus.
Buyer beware.

Their service department ripped me off.
I brought RX330 in for a blown engine fuse that should have been covered by the extended warranty.
The service writer called me and told me that it was not and I had to pay for it.
She then told me the fuse was INSIDE the engine.
They charged me over THREE hours for this repair, but didn't get my prior authorization for the repair cost.
When I went to pick it up and argued with them about the cost, they told me I had to pay it or they would hold my car until I did.
Do not ever take your Lexus there for service.
I feel that they lied to me and held my car hostage until I paid $400 for a $50 repair.

I am so surprised that this only have 2.5 stars.
I use their service for my car for the past three years.
The service is simply great and kind and effective.
It's not cheap but it is Lexus.
If I call and leave a message they always call back.
The service is always done on time.
I always get followup calls from the service manager.
Compared with other companies, the service definitely stands out with this brand.

Had my car towed to Bell Lexus after the engine caught on fire.
When I took it home, the check engine light came back on.
They gave me a loaner car for $10.00 and discovered the VVT valve was bad NOT related to the fire.
Replace the Oil Control Valve and sent me on my way.
Would NEVER go anywhere else for service on my Lex, these guys rock!

Fast, easy, painless car buying transaction.
Richard was great.
We arrived at 4PM and left at 5:15PM.
Start to finish, 1:15 minute transaction including test drive, negotiation, finance, and detailing.
Thanks for being patient with the color selections.

Over the last decade, we've had a few problems with our Lexus cars.
And, now for the rest of the story...  About eight years ago I was driving our five year old RX-300 from Seattle to Chicago, so one of our kids could use it at college.
We were outside of Bismarck, ND when all the lights on the dash lit up warning us that the car was about to fail.
The nearest dealership at that time was in St Paul, MN.
Yeah, I know LOL.
So after calling Lexus for advice, off we drove very nervously to MN.
We arrived safely around 5pm and waited nearly three hours for them to look at the car.
It was confirmed that the RX had some sort of unknown oil sludge build-up in the engine and that the engined needed to be replaced!
Replaced?
Eesch!
We were asked various questions on where we had our service work done.
After verifing that we had all of our work done at the dealership in WA state, they offered us a Loaner.
Ummm I said, we're driving on to Chicago.
Not to worry, they would flatbed the car to us when it was repaired and to keep the Loaner.
Out of pocket costs?
Nothing!
Now, that story is eight years old and it reminds me of our current experience with our ES.
Seems the NAV & bluetooth link doesn't want to accept the new iPhone.
Yeah, I know, Apple right?
LOL.
After several attempts by us and the dealer, they are now replacing the entire system.
Out of pocket costs?
Nothing!
We have owned other cars and have spent lots of $$$ with replair work, but no one backs up their cars like Lexus.
No one.
Peace of mind?
Priceless!

I rate the sales side at only 1 or 2 stars but the service side is the best I've experienced anywhere.
On the sales side; I don't know if it's a Lexus issue or a dealership issue but it seems impossible to purchase a fully-loaded car here.
The first attempt was in May, 2012 and I tried to purchase each model type looking for a fully-loaded car.
They had none and couldn't tell me when they would.
The second attempt was in December, 2013 and I again tried to purchase a fully-loaded RX-350.
None available and none in the immediate area.
Both times we ended up buying a competitor's car.
The service side, though, has been outstanding.
We had a 2004 LS/430 and 2004 RX/330 that we took in for service and David Bonnell has always been our service adviser.
I've never felt squeezed to get something we didn't need and always had open conversations about things that had to be done and things that could wait.
We kept the LS/430 until it had 135,000 miles and the RX/330 until it had 92,000 miles.
David always made sure the same technician worked on our cars and I had many conversations with the service tech about the state of different components and when certain things needed to be done.
I am truly sorry the sales side couldn't complete a deal with us for a new Lexus because I will miss their service organization.

This review is solely on the sales department ~  So it has been about 10 years since I last purchased a vehicle.
I have had 2 Nissans, 2 Acuras, and none Toyota/Lexus that I want to give it a try.
So I stopped by Bell Lexus North Scottsdale right down the street from my house.
I thought since this dealership moved from Phoenix to Scottsdale, their attitudes would be better and have higher quality of service, oh, was I totally wrong about this.
To begin the whole process, I've been in communication with one of their customer service rep over the Internet about what I want in my car, we kept writing e-mails back and forth to each other with the changes and exactly what I'm looking for.
One day on my day off, I stopped by the dealership for the first time.
There wasn't many people looking in their lot, one of the sales rep came out and I told him I was looking for a gal which would remain nameless because it's not important in this case.
Then this gal introduced me to the product specialist that serves as sales rep as well.
He went through everything with me, trying to find me the color that I had previous talked to this gal about, and then he told me, I'm sorry, but the car you want is no longer available to you.
So I asked to see another similar vehicle and asked for a test drive.
He said he'll drive the car off the lot and let me drive the rest of the way.
I thought he meant he'll just drive the car out of the dealership and park it at the near-by street for me to take over.
No, he drove the car for like 5 minutes and about 2 miles away from the dealership before letting me take control of the vehicle.
What type of test drive was that?
Is he afraid that I might wrack the car or he is not sure if I know how to handle a Lexus?
Back to the dealership after the worst test drive ever, we sat down to talk numbers.
He talked to his manager while I sat at his desk waiting for him.
He would not give me the final cost on how much I would need to pay, instead, he asked for $3,000 to locate the car that I requested with the gal earlier from another dealership.
Seriously, why the heck do you think I would give you $3,000 to locate the car for me when you can't even give me the final number on the car.
You can't be serious.
That's not how you want people to buy car from you.
Instead I think they are driving people away from their dealership since people are very afraid to go shop there.
I have purchased the vehicle I want from Earnhardt Scottsdale Lexus.
Seriously people, STAY AWAY FROM THIS DEALERSHIP.

I took my wife's RX in for a 15K service.
The adviser said that it is recommended to change air filters and to align all the wheels.
I took this to mean that Lexus Mfg recommends and gave the go ahead.
The bill was over $600!
When I got home I got her manual and Lexus did not have these services recommended  at this milage.
Shame on me for trusting this firm.
Two weeks later my wife gets a recall notice and takes her car into them for the fix and asks them to check the low tire light that went on.
My wife called me and said they need to put a new tire on as there was a nail in the existing tire that rendered it not repairable.
Their cost was $300.
I called Discount Tire and they would replace for under $200.
I called my wife and told her to go to Discount Tire.
The Discount service rep came into the waiting room and told my wife there was no charge as the tire was repairable and could not understand why the dealer just didn't fix the leak.
(My wife tipped him $20)  Several days later a woman from Bell Lexus called and inquired about our service and I told her what had happened.
She said she would investigate and get back to me.
Well it has been over two weeks so I guess this must be their standard business practice.
We have been a customer of theirs for about 25 years and WILL NEVER  set foot in their place again.
They must be trying to pay for their new building by abusing their customers.
As an aside, I took her car in for the 20K service down the road  at Right Toyota and had a great experience and got out for less than $80.
(They said they service a number of Lexus cars)

Extraordinary Lexus dealer.
We bought our car right before they moved into their new location and they treated us with the same care and consideration at both spots.
We got a good deal on our vehicle and service has been a fabulous experience since moving to the new digs.
The facility is state of the art and the staff is second-to-none in the state!
They don't play games, if you're coming in to buy a Lexus they can assume you know what you're doing and they give you the best deal up front.
I felt great leaving with my new car.
Best price, best quality, and we've started a relationship with a dealer that will take care of us for years to come.

