I'd give this place five stars except I consider it pricey and the limited weekend hours can inflate the bill a little.
Very pleasant staff who remembered my pet from one visit to the next.
Clean, clean, clean.
Deluxe accomodations and I like the touch of the little photo of my dog playing placed on my bill.
Also, they are very attentive to making sure your pet's shots are up-to-date.
So that gives confidence that only healthy animals are boarded - or at least it reduces the chance that your pet will come home with something they picked up while boarded.
I have used off-and-on for two years now.
Sometimes they are booked solid and I have to go elsewhere, and I haven't found anywhere else that compares quality-wise.
I feel very guilty boarding my sweet Lab at all.
Going here reduces that feeling as much as possible.
Highly recommended for your puppy dog.

Their main goal is to upsell you on everything they possibly can... NOT CARE FOR YOUR PET!
We took our Golden Retriever for 3 1/2 days, when we picked him up we asked how he did...
The man said 'next time you should really take advantage of the group play time'... that was it??
As we are leaving we notice there is a 'resident cat'  wandering around with a major butt infection...  My main purpose in writing this is- our poor sweet dog came home with dog poop on the back of his coat (all crusted in) and it was not cleaned by the staff-- he either sat in another dogs poo or his own, but he was not cleaned up.
Our dog is and has been potty trained since we've had him.
The first night home from the "resort" he had major diarrhea in our bathroom and it had blood in it- we then noticed he was doing the butt scoot...???
Seems there are some infections going around there...
shady!!!
We will NEVER take our sweet animal there EVER again...
They do not care for the animals properly, who knows if they even ever let him outside or gave him water for that matter.
BEWARE!!!
Considering calling the Humane Society to have them checked out.

We board our pugs here, and they love it.
The staff is very professional, and they sometimes have a large pig staying.
This place is great.

We love Boulder Falls.
We absolutely hate having to board our dogs but we have no problems leaving them here.
Our one dog has some anxiety issues, and now that she is used to coming here, she runs right back with the staff when they come out to get her from us.
They are always very attentive regarding vaccinations and flea/tick/heartworm medications, which gives me some peace of mind that my dogs won't come home with some strange sickness.
The staff here is so very friendly and they love our dogs and always give us a report of how they behaved and if there were any issues.
We are very lucky we found this place and we will be bringing our dogs here as long as they are around!

I am reviewing the "Day Spa" part of Boulder Falls Pet Resort & Day Spa.
Altho, please note that I have used, and will continue to exclusively use, their Pet Resort for boarding and doggie day care when I need it.
I have a 1 year old Australian Shepherd and he is absolutely crazy.
He is a smart dog, but his kryptonite is other dogs; all his manners go out the window and he just barks and jumps and wants to play with his 4-legged friends.
I took him to Boulder Falls today to get him shaved down due to lots of shedding.
This was the first time I had used a dog groomer.
I was pretty nervous that he was going to be out of control for the groomer and he would come back 1/2 shaved, or nicked, or have a cut somewhere, or his coat would be completely uneven.
He was none of the above.
He looked great!!!
I can not give Boulder Falls' Day Spa anything but 5-stars because I know my dog, and I know he's a handful, and I know that they did a wonderful job shaving him and blending his head!
And to top it off, he was outside playing ball with the groomer before I came and got him!
Lastly, the price (compared to a big chain pet store you have all heard of) is very reasonable!

We wanted to find a place where our dog could go to break up the week of being in the kennel for long periods of time while we work.
We found boulder falls and are so happy we did, not to mention our Golden LOVES to go.
They were very open to us checking out the facility and talking through our questions and concerns (we are first time dog owners so were nervous about leaving him).
It only took a few visits for them to recognize us by name.
It's $18 for a full day, which seems pretty comparable to other places nearby.
We have never had any issues with him getting sick, fleas or into fights with other dogs.
They keep track of their shots (you can see when you're due on the receipt, with a picture of your furry friend) so you can feel assured all dogs are up to date.
Our dog gets pretty dirty and they have started to towel him down before he leaves, if he's really bad they've given him a quick hose down for free.
I like that there are plenty of people playing in the yard so any potential fights seem to be prevented or broken up quickly,  which gave us piece of mind since our guy was a puppy and still learning the rules of the playground.
They also put the dogs into groups so more passive temperaments are playing together, then more energetic together.
I wish there were more pictures or updates of their day.
It would be great to have longer hours as it's hard to get to work on time, but that's minor compared to great service and attention he receives and they've been very flexible when we need to drop off earlier than 8:30.

As soon as you walk in the door here you know you came to the right place.
The staff is terrific and they greet your pet (two dogs in my case) like they've known them forever.
We have on dog who is a bit standoffish with strangers and he warmed up to the staff member who took him back almost immediately.
Our other dog would happily follow the devil through the gates of hell so she's not an issue :-)  We left the dogs there for a week.
When we left our dogs in kennels in the past they would immediately head for the door when we showed up.
Not here, while we were paying the bill (reasonable) they were playing with the attendant.
They clearly had a good time and bonded with the staff.
It helps erase the guilt of leaving them in a kennel in the first place.
The dogs were clean, well fed and the staff even shared some stories about what they'd been up to.

The humans are great to me.
And my canine buddies and I have a blast.
I can't wait until my owners go on their next trip!

