This place is having an amazing sale.
You buy one frame & the second is a penny!
I go once a year and buy tons of frames - I love the silver one's and they have some pretty cool contemp styles as well.
I give framed pics out as gifts quite a bit - who needs another tie or a sweater?
Everyone loves a nice pic!
And since I go there a lot I know they aren't marking up there prices!
They have a great selection & the people have always been very helpful & nice.
I have also run in there when I need an item to finish up a painting (there paint supplies are a bit pricey) but there frames are great!
Don't go during the lunch hour as they share there lot with several popular restaurants!

Nice spot, good people, friendly service, and good prices.
Sure the price isn't going to top the deals you can get with coupons at Michael's, but the quality, service, and layout should make you feel okay about spending a few extra bucks.

You may be able to find better deals at craft stores, but what you'll find at Aaron Brothers are people who really know what they're doing.
The selection is also much better and the work is done meticulously.
Plus, they do send out coupons every now and then, and when that happens you really can score an amazing deal.
We had our Katubah framed (for the many non-jewish readers; it's a very artful jewish marriage license).
At 23" by 23", a custom job was the only way to have it framed.
Not only did Aaron brothers do a great job framing it, but they used a temporary back so we could take it out of the frame, sign it on our wedding day, and bring it back afterwards to finish the job at no extra charge.
When originally pricing the frames, the sales people told my fiancé that if she signed up for their email list, she would get a 60% coupon.
So they waited on making an immediate sale and instead let the customer know that she could get a better price if she waited a few weeks.
Mad props on that.
My only negative comment.
The Katubah looks so good in its frame that we want to hang it now.

Lots and lots of frames here.
Great frames with lots of variety.
Or you can also have them custom frame for you.
This place is large and very professional.
It doesn't feel at all mom and pop like lots of framing stores do.
I definitely recommend this place for any framing you need to do.

