Good news - Gallagher's on Union Hills is back!
We had been going to this bar for years and then it closed.
Reopened as "Cheerleaders" and was God-awful.
Then Gallagher's came back and their menu is more extensive and the food is even better.
They're in the process of remodeling and we were told will have new seating in the dining area so bare with the crappy booth seats for now.
We've have the wings every time and they've never failed us - also breaded zucchini is so much better - light Pachenko type of batter.
We've also had the sliders - meat portion was good but they need to improve on the buns as they were kind of stale store bought kind.
Other than that, the food is great and tons of TV's to watch sports on!

Got my iced tea and then waited for over an hour with no service.
Left without eating, and will not return.
Thanks for nothing.

I love this place.
A very large menu with lots of stuff...
I've had the boneless hot wings (not wonderful, but still tasty...
I'll order hotter next time) and the chicken fajita salad (hurt myself cause I couldn't stop eating it).
Lots of different wing flavor options.
I'm not a drinker, so all I care about is the food, but I know my fiance got excited because a large draft bud light was 2.50 (I guess that's good?
haha I don't know).
Relaxed atmosphere, but yes, I've had to go up to the bar to order my food since there doesn't seem to be a waitstaff here (that doesn't bother me one bit).
I have a feeling I'll be seeing this place a lot in the future.

I just attended a wedding here Saturday night and was totally impressed with the service given from all of the staff from the waitresses to the managers on duty.
They were accommodating, always attentive to the needs of our entire table (and group), making sure our glasses were kept full and were will 100% satisfied.
They kept the food area stocked with fresh food in the bufffet style line that was setup with great, tasty wings, potato skins and an array of other delectable morsels.
I even ordered some Teriyaki wings to go!
Hats off to them - great job - keep it up!

I've worked in the industry for over 15 years and I have never seen such pathetic service, or lack there of.
I have told TONS of people to stay away.
I walked in and after 5 minutes of sitting, by the bar, by the POS system that 4 waitresses were using, I finally got a water.
Then I sat there for over 15 minutes and I was never approached.
They walked by me over 20 times and didn't say a word to me.
I can't rate the food because I was never served but there was no service!
You must be a regular for them to care that you are there or you must be in a pre paid party!
I will never stip into this place again and I will continue to tell everyone I know to stay away.

Love Em' new ownership, better atmosphere!
Food is always tasty!

Awesome fish fry and great atmosphere.

Glad they have reopened and food is great.

Off-track betting lounge place with all of the traditional atmosphere such places have.
Reminds me of bowling alley bars too.
Daytime drinking alcoholic?
This is your place.
Do beer after beer in the morning and I doubt anyone would raise an eyebrow.
Oddly enough, they have few Bud/Miller/Coors options on draft, and quite a few craft beer drafts.
Blue collar place for sure, if you didn't surmise that already.

This Sunday afternoon I had an hour to kill while my daughter was at basketball practice so I searched for "Sports Bar" in my Yelp app.
Gallagher's came up and I was surprised.
I haven't seen on of these places in quite awhile.
I honestly figured the info was outdated, but it was the closest location to catch the Cardinals game...  What do ya know... it's here!
From the outside I figured it was dead.
One couple was on the patio watching a football game.
When I walked in though, almost every seat was filled.
I think every game was on TV or on many TVs.
I didn't count them, but I think they must have have 25 TVs.
The Cards game was on 25-30% of the TVs including the big screen in the bar.
So...
I grabbed the only booth I saw available and sat my butt down and ordered some chili and a coke.
The chili was pretty good.
It seemed to be better than a freshly opened can of Hormel, with more meat than beans and topped with onions and cheese.
Perfect afternoon snack.
The service was OK.
I got helped within a few minutes of sitting down and she checked back every few minutes.
My soda was delivered in a couple minutes and my chili came within 5.
I'll certainly come back here on gameday if I'm in this neighborhood.

This place was awesome and Gwen was fabulous.
I came here last night after a friend of mine and I were trying to find a place to grab drinks close to where we live.
Gallagher's came up on the search offering happy hour and reverse happy hour 7 days a week.
Score!
We walk in and it wasn't very crowded yet so we grabbed a couple of seats at the bar.
Gwen let us know they had specials on Coors light and a special drink for Halloween called vampires kiss which was only $3.00 all night.
Yummy.
Oh and after 10pm when karaoke starts, long islands ice teas are only $2.00 and believe me, with some of the singers we needed one.
Oh final thing, their wings are amazing and cheap after 10 on Saturday.
Our bill was a shocker to us because we drank alot and ordered some wings.
So very reasonable.
We will most definitely return soon.

Ask to be seated in veronicas section.

Been here 3x hoping that it may have just been the time of day or server but ALL 3x we went the service was horrible, bathrooms unusable and food just gross.
On our final visit both my wife and I were sick the rest of the night.
Approach with caution... you have been warned!

Have been neglecting this place terribly recently, but a friend and I used to go here many nights a week for a late-night drink...Gwen is AMAZING at the bar, we love her...she's attentive, hilarious, nice, everything.
The food is better than your average bar fare and they usually have a good drink special going...the karaoke is hilarious to watch ;) Interesting mix of people, great place to people watch and just hang out.
Love this place!

This is my favorite bar in North Phoenix.
There are tons of TVs, perfect for football season if you want to watch multiple games.
There is an OTB, not really my thing, but pretty cool anyhow.
There are pool tables and dart boards and a little claw machine!
The restaurant is very open.
There are places to sit at tables or booths, a bar off to the left and nice seating on the patio.
The best part, though, the food.
I frickin love their food.
So many great things to choose from and they have a large menu selection.
Some of my favorites are the pulled pork sandwich, nachos (they make their own cheese sauce) and the burgers.
My absolute favorite is the bacon cheese fries (sub seasoned waffle fries for regular).
You are in a serious carb coma after eating them, but whatevs, they are too good to even care.
The staff is always consistently friendly and on point.
I really do love it here and am super happy it's so close to home!

Um...Karaoke night is terrible.. the speakers are turned up WAY TOO loud so not only do you hear bad singing, but your ear drums get murdered by it...
I mean be a DJ and control the sound too, it's not too hard.
Well drinks are nice and cheap, but you get what you pay for.
Crappy pours.
Bartender needs to go back to school on how to do a decent pour.
Only thing that brings it to two stars is that you can gamble on dog races there.
That was new and a little amusing.
Happy hour is okay.
They could step up their game if the bartenders would give you a real pour and not make excuses when a drink tastes like more water than it does alcohol or soda... you think to keep good PR you'd at least comp that drink of the customer is adamant on the drink sucking (unfortunately my friend didn't get that normal service).

Excellent boneless wings with a nice happy hour price.

Great service great food.
And the bacon queso fries are my new addiction.

My wife and I frequent this local bar very often as it is close to home and Happy Hour prices are nicely done.....
Always great service.. we usually sit on the patio... great place to go and hang out for a few after work, or on a lazy weekend afternoon.....had the Mediterranean Wrap with Fresh steamed Veggies( don't laugh we're on a fitness program) it was very good for splitting and was fresh and pleasantly tasting... goes to prove you can find healthy food at a local bar lol..............  Been going here off and on for 12 years wont stop!!

Cinco de Mayo, last minute decide to hang out with a couple friends but don't want to get too loco since we all had to work early the next day.
We figure Gallagher's would be a safe bet and it was centrally located to all of us.
Two of us get there first and walk into a practically empty bar.
I mean, I know we didn't want out of control, but it would have been nice to have SOME kind of background noise going on.
The annoying thing about all this was that even though it was dead the service was S..........L.......O.........W.............
When my friend and I walked up to the bar the bartender didn't acknowledge us and took about 5 minutes to pour a couple beers for the 3 people sitting around.
Once he finally did make his way over to us he wasn't friendly and took his time pouring our two beers as well.
Once we finally had drink in hand we made our way to the patio outside to try to escape the elderly gentleman who had started serenading me and also enjoy some of the springtime air.
Unfortunately it appears that if you sit outside you do not get to enjoy the privilege of a server so we had to venture back inside whenever we needed something.
Luckily for the sake of our evening we had a good time hanging out with each other but no thanks to this place at all.
It would have been practically the same experience if we had gone to a grocery store, purchased some beer there, and then sat in front of the store.
So you better believe that if that's the kind of scenario I'm looking for, I'm gonna save myself the money and do exactly that rather than paying bar markup prices.

Great people watching, dive bar-esque.
One time we were in, the karaoke DJ dedicated feel like making love.
To his mother for Mother's Day.
No joke.
If you're cool with watching your bartender eat food and snack on fruit non stop behind the bar and don't care about unevenly padded barstools, this is your place!

Awesome place.
I just moved to Arizona and use yelp to find everything and I am glad I found this place.
It's my new spot!

This is a neighbor hood bar that I only can see one coming to if one lives right by.
There is nothing I consider redeeming by this place.
They have beer, they have standard grub and standard everything else.
Nothing to yelp about ;) It's almost as if they went out of their way to maintain anonymousy if it wasn't the gloom atmosphere with a hint of depression and melancholy.
I don't thing that Gallaghers has a format that is desirable, at least not for me.
I have other establishments to force my taxed monies upon.
I had some great company, but I can't credit the establishment for that.
I cannot see it in the stars that I will return, to this or another namesake establishment.
They do have trivia.
If anyone is into that, but they won't deserve my mercy because of it.
.. und das ist nach ein enttäuscht kritiker

We went the evening of my little sister's 21st birthday to get shots to start the night out.
She had never had alcohol and was excited to try her first shot.
However, the waitress, Amy, was completely RUDE to us!
After looking at my sister's ID, went to get a waiver for her to sign because her ID was, of course, still strait up and down.
She laid it on the table and said in her snotty tone: "Be prepared, you're gonna be filling out A LOT of these tonight!
" The only other words she communicated to us were rude, as well.
Of course, the rest of the night, we didn't sign one single waiver.
We told Amy we just wanted the two shots and then we'd like the check, but she didn't come back for another twenty minutes after giving us the shots!
WE had to flag her down to get her to finally come back to the table, and the place wasn't busy at all.
My fiancé and I had been to this Gallagher's many times before and loved it, but Amy ruined our experience and we won't be coming back.
We came in smiling and she totally killed the mood.

I didnt have a terrible time here, but it wasnt a "wowing experience" either.
The bartenders have that "dont bother me" personailty.
Not what you want when you walk to a bar, and an empty one at that.
Its cool that there are games attached to the bar tops, will keep you entertained.
I feel like the crowd here is a little on the trashier side, not saying I'm classy or anything.
Just an observation.
Egh, probably wont come back.

