Men's wearhouse has always been really hit or miss for me- usually more miss than hit.
Had a bad expeerince with the tuxes for my wedding.
Same thing with my brother in laws wedding.
Same thing with a few other trips.
Somehow, this trip was a completely different experience.
Had to get a shirt and tie for a "dress nice please" event so I figured, what the H. Stopped in and was greeted by Carmello.
Said a nice hello and let me do my thang.
After I couldn't find the shirt I was looking for he jumped in to help- The dude was awesome, by far the best service experience I have ever had at any one of their stores.
I got my shirt, a matching tie and a new belt, all for about $100- not bad.
He took my measurements right so I got stuff that is comfortable too (kind of the key to getting me to wear it a second time) and was that perfect balance of offering suggestions combined with actually listening to what I was saying.
I can honestly say this guy will bring me back here!

Last minute trip east and had to have a sports coat and tie.
Went to the MW on Camelback and they had the perfect set up.
Problem aw, it was a 2 for1 sale.....man I'm traveling!
Don't have room for 2 coats, 2 shirts and 2 ties that I will never wear.
No can do!!
They explain....so my search, just by chance, took me to the MW on Tatum.
Enter Travis and Rich.
I explained the situation....and they're answer was "you get we can take care of you!
"  we found the same coat....the same shirt....and an even better tie!
And they discounted to the sale price for the one set!!
Now that's service!!
And that's why I come back!!
To bad the other guy didn't get the memo!!!
Great job Travis and Rich!

Oh my gosh I had a blast shopping with my brother today at the Men's Wearhouse!
Ren was the most awesome sales guy ever and I highly recommend you go see him.
I usually hate shopping but Ren made the experience exciting and fun.
Please go see Ren for all your business wear needs and tell him Dione and Joseph sent you, you will not be disappointed I promise you.
Thank you Ren for everything!

El boyfriend-o had to get some new suits for work, I call him mr fancy.
So on a Saturday we drove down here to check out the selection.
The staff was very accommodating and we were in and out with two suits, shirt, tie and belt within an hour.
After a quick swipe of the debit card we were on our way to do other things.
The store has a good deal on suits and with an in house tailor its just that much easier.

We enjoyed working with the staff at this location to decide on the tuxes for our wedding.
We did a fair amount of online research into the color / style we were aiming for and knew which suit we really wanted to see upon arrival.
We were greeted as we entered the store and the employee walked us directly over to the suit we were seeking so that we could see the fit and ensure it was good to go.
The exact size that we needed was not available in the store, however, they were happy to order it for us and it was in within about a week.
They do alterations on site, so you don't need to worry about the suit being sent offsite and they take about two weeks to get done (they will rush them for you if needed - we had the time).
Tomorrow we plan to pick up his altered suit and we'll be all set to go!
All the groomsmen seemed to have good experiences in their local stores as well, so it's not a bad chain to choose for all the men in you party if you are looking for a good national chain to make things convenient like we were!
Overall: A Great experience, quick order fulfillment and alterations on site.
We would recommend them to friends!

WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.
We went to men's warehouse thinking it would be an easy accessible place to rent tuxes for our small wedding party of 3 plus the groom.
When we went in to inquire about rentals we were told that it was cheaper to buy which we thought was weird but we decided to trust the sales associate and buy which ended up costing over $200 per suit after alterations.
When we bought my husbands suit, who was the groom we paid a deposit plus the fee to rent all shirts and ties.
When our grooms party went in to pick up shirts and ties they were charged for something we had already paid for.
The best-man was called to pick up his suit, saying all alterations were done, when in fact the pants weren't even started.
The tailor job was awful and fit him horrible, I'm assuming since they had to rush the hemming.
We requested all items to be transferred to one store, and of course none if it had been, leaving us scrambling around town trying to get things together.
Awful customer service, no one knew anything when our party came in, tried to over charge us when we had our receipts.
GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.
Not worth the crappy service, crappy tailor job and definitely not worth the stress on your wedding day.

