DISHONEST  I brought in a microwave oven for someone to look at here.
It wasn't working.
He asked $30 to look at it and I paid him.
A few days later I had not heard from him.
I called and he said in a very offhand manner, "oh yeah, it's dead.
" I was offered no specifics.
I could tell that he NEVER LOOKED AT MY MICROWAVE.
HE KNEW IT WAS DEAD OR NOT WORTH FIXING WHEN I BROUGHT IT IN BUT HE TOOK MY MONEY ANYWAY.
What a JERK.
That tells you something about someone's business ethics as well as his contempt for his customers' intelligence.
An ethical businessman would have told me up front it was likely dead or not worth fixing.
An ethical businessman would NOT have taken $30 from me if he didn't plan on doing any actual work to look at my microwave.
I'll never come here again and if you are a do-it-yourself'er I would encourage you to find another appliance parts business, this place will take advantage of you if they think they can.

DISHONEST!!
Watch out if you go to this store they over charge for parts.
I get a water  filter for my  fridge and they changed me $62.00, I did state this seemed real high and he stated next time it would be higher.
So I get home and call around and check online and I could buy in town almost any were for $32.
and online for $22.
They would not let me return the part even with the invoice.
Again they state they never take returns.
I will never return to this store.

Stay away from this place.
I like to support local businesses but I went in to buy one wheel and three axles for my dishwasher lower rack.
A total of 4 pieces of plastic.
They charged me $6.50 for the wheel and $6 for each axle.
I felt like they were making up the price while I was there but I did not have my phone to look up the price and I was in a hurry.
With tax this was $29 and they had the audacity to ask if I wanted to buy more for stock.
I told them not at these prices.
I checked later and on the GE parts website it was $2.25 for the wheel and $1.25 for each axle.
So $6 vs. $24.50.
Shame on me for not checking first and shame on them for 4x the price.
I am all for local owners but not when this is the way they conduct business.
Find somewhere else to go.
You will be glad you did.

RUN!
I didn't look at the reviews until I had this horrific experience.
RUN AWAY!
I read up on the problem with my sharp microwave oven.
Door wouldn't spring open when open button pushed.
New springs were $2.00 online, but probably only needed adjustment.
I'm not handy and thought the $40.00 "look at fee" would be worth having it done.
I watched a repair guide on YOUTUBE, but still, local, no big deal,done right... RUN AWAY FAST!
$128.00 to readjust the springs!
No parts were needed!
RUN AWAY FAST AND DONT LOOK BACK!
Got the microwave home and they hadn't even put the screws back in the microwave.
So I got back in the car and got the screws...after being screwed....  "that's kind of sucky..." Were THEIR only words.
SMALL CLAIMS COURT IS A BLOCK AWAY...I'M GOING TO RUN THERE MONDAY!!!!!!!!!

My dryer belt and motor pulley broke, and this place was recommended to me by a couple of people I know.
I researched my parts and cost online before going, and not only was I able to get the right parts immediately, but the pricing was comparable to what I would have paid online (plus....no shipping this way!
) And then when I couldn't figure out how the belt worked with the idler arm tensioner, the fellas working there were very helpful in explaining to me how the parts all went together!
And not once did they make me feel stupid about something that turned out to be so simple :)

