Yum!
My husband picked this up for  dinner tonight, so I didn't see the place on the inside.
But the food was fantastic.
Chicken Lo Mein, wonderful with fresh vegetables.
Vegetable fried rice was also full of fresh vegetables, broccoli, snap peas, yum!
My husband loved the Kung Pao Chicken, his favorite dish.
But the best was the spicy shrimp, absolutely divine!
The best chinese food I have had in a long time.

I love this place..... cheap quality chinese food... everything i've had there is good.
When they label an item as spicy, it is actually spicy!
There lunch specials are an awesome deal.
5 or 6 bucks for a plate of food, soup and fried wonton chips.
love it!

This is just a great local restaurant.
Been going here for almost 20 years and have never been disappointed.
Lunches are the best deal in NE Phoenix.

This place used to be one of my favorite lunch spots when I lived in the area.
Last night, a friend and I decided to revisit Little Peking for dinner.
Unfortunately, it might have been an off night.
The garlic chicken was lackluster (and a bit chewy) and her shrimp in lobster sauce was overcooked.
The Wonton Soup is all of the wonton ingredients dumped into broth, rather than the delightful packets of fun I've come to expect when I order this.
It seemed a bit half-hearted.
Service was minimal, but it was polite.
Prices at dinner are about $9-$14 a dish.

The restaurant is in our neighborhood.
Good food and I pretty sure it is MSG free.
I usually get ill after eating MSG laced foods, but not a prob here.
The food is good.
I love the veggie fried rice.

On a very rainy Saturday, and took 2 out of 3 kids to lunch here.
This is an ol'fashioned type of Chinese restaurant.
Those of you who grew up with the 60's and 70's variety of dine-in location can envision the interior.
Somewhat ornate, lots of red, banquette style seating, Chinese Horoscope paper placements.
It's very clean, and the staff is über friendly.
They were fast with a pot of hot tea, and brought our soups out before we ordered.
Yet there was no rushed feeling, just the sense that they wanted us to be happy.
Nice!
There is nothing nouveau about the food,  just good standard fare.
I had almond chicken which was as familiar as you can remember or imagine, one daughter had sweet-n-sour pork, which was a good balance of meat chunks and veggies/pineapple.
The other had House Special chicken, very crunchy and appetizing.
We found the sweet/sour sauce VERY sweet, almost too sweet, but maybe that's because we don't use lots of sweet condiments(?).
Or maybe it was just prepared too sweet.
Food was served nice and hot, and we all enjoyed it, even the one kid who was resistant to trying this new place.
We all agree that we will be back for more.
Prices are great- about $6 each for lunch which includes soup.
wonton and eggroll as well as entree.

My family and I have been eating here for at least the last decade.
We always order the "house special dinner.
" This includes soup, egg rolls, chicken wings and several entrees depending on the size of your group.
I can't speak for the other dishes but the ones we get with this are always superb.
The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside but I would recommend this place to anyone.

Had this last night for dinner.
It was pretty good!
The rice was nice and fluffy unlike some places you get slightly hard rice from it being overcooked or old.
I live right next door so I look forward to becoming a repeat customer.
Only thing is that no one delivers around here!

I really don't know how this place has such great reviews.
I walked in on Friday night to order takeout.
I waited at the bar/counter area for about 10 minutes with maybe 5 other people all waiting to order take out or pick up.
It seemed very chaotic for the one woman behind the counter taking orders, fetching them, and ringing them out.
It looked like she was even serving on the floor at times.
The food took about 20-25 minutes once my order was placed.
Prices were okay, but the food wasn't anything to write home about.
I got Hot & Sour Soup (nice and spicy) and Mongolian Beef (a weird light brown color...).
As for ambiance, it definitely has that feel of chinese restaurants from the 90's.

Fried rice and duck is awesome!

this is the great thing about a review site like this - you can get a lot of opinions from a lot of different people.
Some will love it, some will hate, and many will fall in the middle.
You should read a good sampling of the reviews, then decide for yourself.
I came in to Little Peking for lunch with my Daughter.
we arrived before the lunch rush as this place filled quickly after us.
They have the standard Americanized Chinese food items.
I had the House Special chicken lunch special.
Their specials come with white rice, an egg roll, a wonton, soup of the day and your main course.
I was not really impressed with any of it.
The rice was, well rice.
I'm not a big rice guy, but this certainly did not ignite any passion for me.
The egg roll tasted pre-made, the wonton was just like the little bowl of Chinese chips they served with the soup, which was okay, again, nothing to rave about - but had no filling.
The House Special chicken consisted of small, round bites of breaded chicken, nice and crispy, and laid out on a small spoonful of a garlicky, salty sauce.
The chicken tasted like it came out of a freezer bag and the sauce was too salty, it tasted like soy sauce that had some garlic in it.
Hey, there is a bright side!
The iced tea was fresh, although I had to ask for it twice.
The service was adequate and the prices are in line with what you get.

Little Peking is a terrific little mom-and-pop Chinese restaurant.
The decor reminds me of family restaurants that were popular in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
It's definitely outdated, yet comfortable and appropriate for families, at the same time.
The service was quick and as friendly as it could be considering the language barrier.
The lunch plates are filled with more than ample portions and include an egg drop soup appetizer and fried won tons.
My friend's vegetable plate was good and my house chicken special was moist and flavorful.
We both enjoyed the rice but the egg rolls had an odd tasting spice that neither of us could identify.
The price was right, for sure!
Lunch for two was just under $12 (plus tax and tip.
)  I will definitely consider visiting Little Peking again in the future.
I love that it's a locally owned business and my dollars are going to help support a local family.

Great service, food is consistently good and prices are right.
The best Hot & Sour Soup, House Special Chicken and Shrimp Egg Foo Yung.
Love this place!!

Came in for lunch here yesterday.
I ordered the House Special chicken.
The egg drop soup was gross ( I am not a fan of that stuff anyway though, everyone else there was eating theirs and seemed to like it), but they give you the little wonton strips with it and some sweet and sour sauce for dipping so that was a plus.
The House Special chicken was dark meat that is breaded and then sliced and served with the thin soy/garlic sauce.
Even though it was breaded then sliced (not my preference), I found myself really enjoying the chicken.
The egg roll was ok, nothing to write home about.
The fried rice was kind of a joke - no veggies in it, just some sad-looking egg.
The House Special was good enough to make me come back for it though.

My favorite Chinese food in the valley!
I may be a little bias because I've been coming here for almost 9 years, it's right next to my barbershop as well.
The sun devil chicken is my favorite dish hands down.
I love spicy!
So delicious chicken soaked in jalapenos and various other flavors.
I could eat it everyday for the rest of my life.
I'm also a huge fan of the Mongolian beef, but you really can't go wrong with any dish at this place.
Sometimes it's nice to go in and grab a table or sit at the bar.
Very quiet nice atmosphere.
The staff will remember you if you go in frequently!
Great people, great food, great service.

Gross..... that should say it all!!
Zero stars!

We stopped by here for some lunch after some running around next door (Imagination Avenue), it was fairly busy so that must be a good sign since it was a Tuesday afternoon.
We had the almond chicken (came with egg soup, egg roll & *fried* rice), for $6.00, it wasn't bad, but it is your typical run-of-the-mill, Americanized, plain Chinese restaurant.
They said it came with fried rice, but it looks nothing like fried rice.
It just looked like steamed brown rice.
There wasn't that much flavor or anything  memorable about the food, but it is very very well priced.

Stopped in for lunch.
Nothing fancy about the dining room, but it was clean and the service was prompt and friendly.
Daughter had chicken fried rice and I had the kung pao chicken and shrimp.
Very tasty, nice big shrimp, for a lunch portion, and not to much oil used in the prep.
Very good flavor.
No upcharge for white meat in either of our meals.
The only thing I'd say was a wee bit of a disappointment, the fried rice didnt have the usual peas and carrots.
Some maybe would like that, we would have preferred them to be included.
Overall a good meal and a reasonable price.

I love this hole in the wall place!!!!!!!
Their sizzling rice soup is amazing!
But be sure to get $2 extra rice with it.

Big bummer since we live nearby.
The food is pretty good, BUT, it was lukewarm.
I really wanted to microwave it.
We had 6 entrees, so maybe that was part of it?
The orange chicken was tasty but barely any spice (and it had an asterisk warning).
I was  so glad that the chicken was well cut so it didn't have any fatty parts or grossness.
Staff is friendly, place is clean.
I'll try the food again.

I was in the area and hungry for Chibese.
This place looked a little basic on the outside so I read some yelp reviews which were pretty good.
Excellent orange chicken , plus delicious meat dumplings, plus good service.
Pretty fair prices too.
Glad I stopped here.

The 1970's were a great time, Disco was king, bell bottoms were the pinnacle of fashion and Little Peking had a cutting edge interior design.
Not it just seems retro chic minus the chik.
The menu is full of authentic american Chinese dishes with thick sauces and mild spices.
We had the black tree mushrooms with bamboo shoots and snow peas, spicy bean curd, and egg foo young.
All of which were decent cooked well and drowned in thick sauces.
The flavors were mild and offensive.
This is the Chinese food that grandma remembers.
Service was a bit off but it was the 25th of Dec they were busy and I imagine their A crew had the day off.

All the debate on Chinese food in the valley gets tiring.
Sure we may not have the options some bigger more culturally astute metropolis' offer, but we have a plethora of little spots like this, sequestered away in the seas of stripmalls that dominate the vast swathes of phoenix's urban sprawl.
I came here on Xmas day with my brother, sister, mother and sister-in-law and I would say we were all pleasantly surprised.
Little Peking is your standard American style Chinese fare, you'll see all the usual suspects; almond chicken, kung pao, lo mein, moo goo gai pan, sweet and sour, twice cooked, well you get the picture.
Despite the lack of "authenticity" (and I say that in quotes because who the hell am I, a white dude, to question whether or not a dish made by some one of Chinese descent is authentic) everything we ordered was darn good.
Not overly greasy, the fried items being lightly breaded with only white meat used; I genuinely liked Little Peking's version of twice cooked chicken more than the Chinese delivery place I regularly order from in my hood.
Whats more is that their lunch menu was insanely cheap, we paid about $20 for a party of four.
Little Peking is a solid option for those in the area, give them a shot.

I love small hole-in-the-wall family restaurants, and this is one of those gems.
Wonderful old restaurant with good food and the staff was delightful.

Ok, I gotta update this.
Had a lunch date with the wife and this place was perfectly midway between our offices, so we decided to ignore my previous review and look at others and what they had to say.
4-stars overall means either something changed, or I was wrong.
I'm of course, going with the former.
Met the wife and quickly got a table.
Ambiance is classic eighties fern bar converted to Chinese place.
We squeezed into our booth and the waiter arrived quickly, taking our drink order.
She ordered water, me, Iced Tea.
Waiter returns shortly with two waters and some Chinese chips - fried wonton wrappers with a sweet dipping sauce.
He also dropped off a couple of egg-drop soups and took our order.
She had some vegetable thing, I went with twice-cooked chicken in house sauce.
I couldn't tell the difference from the description of the house special chicken, but this one had a chile next to it, and I like hot, so it won.
The soup was so-so.
Warm enough and mildly flavored, with loads of minced veggies and stringy egg-whites.
A little pepper and soy sauce jazzed it up for me.
Our entrees arrived shortly, nicely plated and portioned, hot and flavorful.
This was not a bad meal and when we got the check, $12, coming out to $15 with a tip, it's hard to complain about the cost of this lunch for two people at a sit-down place.
I never got my tea, but he didn't charge me and besides, I was there with an intelligent, beautiful woman - what more could a man ask for?
Yeah, I'd do it again.

As an east coaster looking for an equal to Chinese food back in Boston this place is the best I've found so far.
The service is slow and awkward but the food is good.
The sauce that comes on the BBQ pork is out of this world.
If you're an east coaster searching for duck sauce this is a great substitute.
I'd give 5 stars but it's not Boston Chinese food.

They have all the typical chinese/American dishes.
Great service.
It's my go to when I have a craving for chinese food.
Love the generals beef, house lo mien, house special chicken and my son loves the Mongolian beef.
Staff is really friendly, as well.

Great food- It looks a little sketchy from the outside but the meal I had was really good.
Everything was fresh and hot.

