I have been here several times and I love the style of the establishment as well as the fast (as in getting in a chair fast, but unlike most conventional haircutting places they take there time to make sure its flawless), friendly, and affordable service.
After the first haircut i got, i no longer go to great clips and sports clips and i would recommend any man to go here and get there hair cut too!

went there again yesterday, had a bit of a wait (which is nothing considering the amazing service) but after getting my haircut I was pleased to say my hair looks amazing once again thanks to Rosa

another visit, another great haircut at a great price!

Great barber shop, great haircut, cheap price, clean shop, friendly barber.
I had a haircut yesterday from Robert and he did a great job.
Price $11, save a dollar on Wed. and Thur.
I tried this shop years ago under different ownership and it was dirty and full of smoke.
Now that the no smoking law is in place I tried it again.
The new owners fixed up the shop so it no longer smells and it's neat and clean.
I'll definitely return again.

Found my new barber and they even do flat tops.
Old school my friends.

I got a "low-reg" fade and it was $12.
The building says $9.99, but that's for Wednesdays only.
They apparently used to have Thursday specials as well, but all the signs have had it removed.
I forgot the other prices, I'll probably snap a photo next time.
Went in and was actually surprised that it looked as nice as it did.
It's not an elegant, $20 barbershop, but coming from San Diego, I was pleasantly surprised they had something other than cheap seating.
It looks like they tried to make it look old school and classic, but tried is the key word.
Overall, I dig the feel of this place.
There was only one barber, a middle-aged Russian (I'm assuming) lady who was friendly.
Didn't talk, but I'm not one that likes to converse with barbers, so I prefer this kind of feel - only mentioning it because some people look forward to telling their barbers their life's stories.
I would definitely go back here again.
I only knocked off 1 star because at the end she gave me clipper burn cleaning up those pesky bottom neck hairs.
Not a huge deal for me to be honest, but it does sting a little bit.
However, the fade was so good, I can handle a little weakness leaving my body ;).

Creepiest place ever.
Didnt even get out of my car after a group of shady people started staring at my in the parking lot.
Don't go here.

