My PCP at this office is Dr. Chad Campbell, D.O.
and I love him!
He really spends time with you in the exam room listening to your symptoms and assessing you current state of health.
He and his staff are competent and have great triage skills so if you have a last minute emergency on Friday and call the office, they will be able to fit you in or tell you its okay to wait until Monday.
As a Registered Nurse, I am picky about my providers and highly recommend Dr Campbell to anyone looking for a PCP!
Also, as a side note: For those of you who get caught up in the suffix of M.D.
's and D.O.
's please don't.
I know the old school way was MD's and there is this prestigious entitlement around MDs, but D.O.
's actually have an extra class (it's their Osteopathy class they take each semester for their entire schooling) to take in order to graduate so don't dwell on the suffix, dwell on the actual provider!

When our beloved family doctor "retired" , I was so worried about how anyone could even come close to his caring medical skills.
We went through a few replacements and then lucked out with Dr. Chad Campbell.
He listens to our concerns and responds with appropriate treatment.
We like him and hope he stays here forever.
Hey, when your nurse daughter and paramedic son say that they like him - that speaks VOLUMES!

Dr. Chad Campbell is a star among other family practice physicians.
He has a caring nature about him and has a very open communication style.
His nurse is fantastic- very very caring and always a good sense of humor.
I have had many doctors previously, but I owe so many blessing to Dr. Campbell for the tremendous care he provides!

I have been a patient of Dr. A. Katz for over 15 years.
He is kind, caring, and thoughtful.
I have such trust in him, that I moved my kids from their pediatrician to him while they were in middle school.
His PA is just as wonderful.
They have take great care of my family.

Dr. Campbell is great.
Excellent bedside manner, really takes the time to get to know you.
I really like the online patient portal.
I spend a lot of time on the computer, and don't like sitting on hold.
Using this portal I had easy access to email Dr. Campbell, and check out lab results.
Dr. Campbell is really responsive to the email, usually replies same day  ( if it were an emergency I would just call)

The staff, doctors, PAs, RNs, etc are mostly great!
They are very quick, efficient, low waiting time (if there is any), great location, able to see you same day (if you call 8am - 8:30am), and all around exceed expectations.....
The only reason I did not rate this business 5/5 is because when I have called the main line to make an appointment or to request a follow up phone call, the receptionists can be curt.
I understand they have business to conduct, but speaking as if you are mid-bite into a sandwich,yelling to background noise while on the phone, and being short is a difficult combination to tolerate..... especially when there are so many other places to go to in North Scottsdale.
I will continue going there, I think they are a great group of doctors / medical professionals, and I am overall very happy with Paradise Valley Family Medicine.

NO - NO - NO  Dr.. Chad Campbell moved to Mesa from PV Family Medicine.
My family loved him.
He was just a rare medical man - so caring.
I assume he is that far away because of a non-compete clause.
Good thing because I would have followed him if it was closer.
NOW what do I do????????
Lucky Mesa people to have him.

Now that Dr. Chad Campbell no longer with this group, i can say that i tried another doctor there and just not happy at all :( really bummed!

