My husband's cousin had a few monumental events and parties here.
She had her graduation celebration, a rehearsal dinner, and wedding ceremony here.
The ceremony was beautiful and the church made a great setting.
Well lit and spacious for a large number of guests.
The reception area has been redecorated and is a very nice space for dinners.
The attention to detail was noticed...even the bathrooms felt upscale!
Great location, great place to book your next life event!

St. George is an amazing church!
Father Christopher Salamy is incredibly dynamic and very "real.
"  He has a doctorate in theology but is young and very well connected to all the parishioners.
The community is truly like one big family.
I love that they have such great programs for the kids and a beautiful campus.
The annual Feast of the Middle East is a great way to take a church tour and see the beautiful inside of the church.
They also have a wonderful bookstore that is open on Sundays and during the Feast of the Middle East with religious icons and beautiful books.
St. George Antiochian Orthodox Church is part of the Antiochian Orthodox Christian Archdiocese of North America.
Sometimes called the Eastern Orthodox Church, the Orthodox Church is the first Christian Church.
The Orthodox Church can be traced in unbroken continuity all the way back to Christ and His Twelve Apostles twenty centuries ago.
The Church of Antioch was established by the Apostles Paul and Barnabas in 42 A.D., with St. Peter serving for the next eight years as its first prelate.
The Church of Antioch is one of the five ancient Patriarchates of the Christian Church, along with Alexandria, Constantinople, Jerusalem, and Rome.

We got married at the Legacy Ballroom.
The venue is beautiful however the Mangement Team sucks.
We booked the Legacy Ballroom a year in advance of our wedding - the management team changed three different times.
When I arrived on our wedding date the drapes in the ballroom were missing.
They sent the drapes out for cleaning and they got damaged.
They "replaced" the drapes with ugly black drapes that didn't go with the theme of our wedding.
We chose the Legacy Ballroom because the decor and color scheme matched with our wedding theme.
Additionally, we secured our rehearsal date a year advance; they changed the date on us (which we were ok with) but when we arrived on the resceduled date - the ballroom was occupied with another venue as such we had our wedding rehearsal outside.
I spoke to Bob who manages the Ballroom (currently) he promised to issue credit and back pedal on his words.
I am currently flighting the charge with the Legacy Ballroom.
I would not recommend doing business with the Legacy Ballroom.
Lovely location and venue but the management SUCKS!
I have reported the Legacy Ballroom to the Better Business Bureau with the hopes that no one will do business with them and they will be forced to close their doors or clean up their act.

FEAST OF THE MIDDLE EAST 2013:  Here is my experience there.
The food was really good and worth it, but since I am not a member of this Church nobody--except for the ticket ladies--even looked my way.
I didn't care as I was looking around myself and enjoying the sights and sounds.
Then I made the fatal mistake of asking what one of the dishes was called to a nearby group of people.
I was polite about it and waited till there was a lull in their conversation to ask.
However, the ladies in the group were so ungracious with a "why are you bothering us" attitude that I just walked away.
Some of the men heard and saw this exchange and were kind, gave me the information plus more of what I was seeking.
It was just a question, ladies, so you don't need to tell your children to not respond to me (which they did).
I am only asking a simple question...but one of them even remarked that I could go back into where the food was sold and ask someone there.
I mean...these were Lebanese women from the Church, so what kind of women go there?
Other than rude, ungracious women who let "outsiders" know they are persona non grata.
Is this Church not aware what a horrible impression they give us "outsiders" with that attitude?
Other than that, I did meet some lovely woman with her breastfeeding baby in the restroom who I had a nice conversation with which proves all the women aren't rude there.
Maybe I just hit the nasty group of the Church?
Other than that unpleasant experience, the food is delicious, and the entertainment started at 5 pm which I didn't get to see since I couldn't find a chair inside the church.
Now I see why everyone was in their seats at 3 pm talking.
They were waiting for the show to start and know how limited seating is.
I get it.
I give this festival a 2 star because the food is great!
They have alot of bouncy things for children to play on, they have tons of delicious food and lots of parking on the street in a very lovely area of the city with beautiful homes.
They lose 3 stars for the non-friendly attitudes of the festival goers from the Church.
Prepare to bring your own posse to talk to if you go to this Festival is all I'm say'n.
The most positive note about the Lebanese who go to this Church is that the men seemed friendly and their Priest waved at me from afar.
That was nice.
A review on here about this Church says they are "one big family"....yeah, one big family who doesn't want outsiders to come there even to visit.
And the Priest seems so friendly, too...go figure?
As a last note:  What a difference in attitudes of the Greek Festival at St. Halambros Church where every single person working there is more than happy you are there no matter if you are an outsider or Church member, also have delicious food and are so warm and welcoming.
Take a lesson, St. George!

If you are looking for a place to begin your journey to Orthodoxy, this is a great place to begin.
I converted several years ago in Romania.
The local Romanian church did not have any classes for converts and was pretty ethnic.
Father Chris at the time had an Orthodoxy 101 class.
It was wonderful.
Father Chris knows how to teach the basics and is willing to disciple you along.
Not many priests are willing to do this.
I have always felt welcome every time I visited.
Many will smile and greet you.
The bible studies are great and you learn a lot.
I really do consider St. George as my second home.
It may not be for everyone but if you are open and willing to learn about the ancient faith, it is a good place to start.

