Hey trust me when i tell you....you will receive 5 star treatment at this midas on Bell road.
Located only about 1 min off SR51 here in phoenix...it is you one stop destination for everything that is ailing your car, truck, van, SUV, or motorcycle.
I remember when I first moved out here in Feb..I had some serious issues going on with my 1999 Jeep Cherokee classic.
My wife and sister-in-law drove our Jeep from Chicago Illinois, more than 2000 miles, and I have to say it made it all the way with no troubles to speak of.
However upon arriving in Arizona, i noticed a few days later that the check engine light was on....and i knew i needed to rectify any problems i was having with the Jeep before i took it for it's emission test out here.
Well to make a long story short...being new out here i didn't know who to trust to fix my Trucks....also own a 2004 Chevy Colorado....and i had heard some true horror stories about how car mechanics try to swindle you out of thousands of dollars out here.
So since i needed an Oil change i decided to go to Midas and at least get that done since they were offering to rotate the tires as well all for only 19.99.
While i was there i had them check out the check engine light...and check for anything else that was wrong with the Jeep  again before i took it for the emission test.
I have to tell you it was the best decision i have made for my trucks since i arrived here.
Bob Ostercamp who is the manager at this location has consistently given my great deals on all my automotive repairs.
He is honest, direct, straightforward, and most importantly he cares how your vehicle runs.
He has a great staff of certified mechanics and you can trust they will always do the very best job.
This location gets a lot of repeat business because of all these factors.
So if your ever in need for honest, reliable, and great service please visit these guys...i promise you...you won't be sorry.
Take Care my friends!!!!

5 star service my butt!
I literally saw 3 people come in and just stand in the lobby.
No greeting from the owner...nothing!
I left.
Will never come back or recommend.

When times are slow this place will make up for it by exagerating the problems with your vehicle.
Customer beware!
The service you get is not the one you really needed.

Service was awesome.
The manager Adam goes far beyond expectations to make things right.
This Midas always has your best interest at heart and will not try and sell you something that is not needed!
Finally a auto shop you can trust!

