Service is always bad.
Management not friendly.

Pretty good location.....clean....not very busy during the times I have visited.
The customer service could be better....and the place could use a little pick me up so to speak...but all in all it's close to my apt.
when I need a KFC fix.

Worse KFC ever!!!
Drive through takes forever they only do one car at a time a each car takes about 5-6 minutes.
Service is horrible.
The inside is filthy.
And there phone is disconnected so you can call to complain.
Today they have someone who has a very strong accent over a horrible speaker so you can't understand anything she says.
Don't waste your time as it will take a lot of it if you do.

Not too sure of their menu in the drive thru, we decided on a 4 piece meal with 2 sides for my friend and I.
$7.49 plus $1 extra for one being a breast comes out to about $10 total.
I get the stuff, get home and ready for our meal, and there is 2 pieces of chicken.
I called the store.
They kid told me they asked the girl that packed it --- and she said she packed it right.
(Uh...no, cause we're looking at 2 pieces of chicken)...
I disputed that as did my friend next to me, and he said there was nothing they could do for me.
I asked him to credit my card so as not to drive back 6 miles for 2 pieces of chicken, he said he wouldn't.
He would have the manager call me next day.
Manager doesn't call me and basically KFC just screws you--without remorse.
My suggestion is check your order if you go there, it's probably not right, and they won't care if it's not.
Value...BAD...I could have bought 2 roasted chickens for the price, and I didn't like being treated at 61, like I'm out to "take" KFC for 2 pieces of chicken that I didn't already pay for.
In my business if a customer complained they were shorted, I made it right, right away...it's not worth the bad will to turn away a customer.
So the morale....Count your chickens from KFC...they don't.

I love KFC.
Anyone who left stars less than 4 has to lower their expectations.
It's KFC!!
Pot pie was awesome.
It more expensive than most fast food but still good once in awhile.
This review is shorter than most but then again so am I. Lol

