3 stars...
I really wanted to give more stars, but the food was just ok and the strip mall location doesn't add anything to the experience either.
I went to dinner here the other night with my boyfriend on HIS SUGGESTION.
Since I had never been before, I was up for the new adventure.
I like that it is just a casual little place and the pictures of Greece on the walls had me thinking it may impress me.
Unfortunately, not the case.
I will say that our waitress, Anna, was really sweet and knowledgeable.
You could tell she's been working there for years.
We started with the red lentil soup which was delicious and Anna brought us a taste of the spinach curry soup as well - it was spicy but tasty and had me excited for what was to come.
We went with the Sleepy Gyro Salad and the 'Vegetarian Plate II" which was more than enough food for us to share.
Too bad none of it was that great.
The vegetarian plate came with hummus, baba, falafel, dolmas, tabbouleh, spanikopita and yogurt sauce for $12.45.
Not such a deal.
The hummus is better at Pita Jungle, the baba ghannouj was ok but really smokey, the falafel just eh, the dolmas and tabbouleh both mediocre, and the spanikopita was dry instead of moist and flaky...
The 'sleepy gyro' salad is filled with too many onions and has a ridiculous amount of garlic...
If you like onions, garlic, and gyro though, this is a good deal at $8.55!
Sorry, Saba's - even though Anna was a great waitress, I will not be coming back to visit you anytime soon... instead, I'll be on the hunt for Greek / Middle Eastern Cuisine that compares to that I grew up with in Detroit!

I forgot my lunch at home on this day and had passed by Saba's on the way to work so I thought I'd give it a whirl.
I ordered the Gyros dinner plate with a side of hummus.
Everything was tasty and served in a reasonable amount of time.
In general I'd try it again.

My wife and I have been eating here for a few years now...Mainly just for lunch.
Stopped by today to grab a gyro sandwich to go...it was good, can't beat the lunch special price!
We usually just have the lamb or traditional gyros, vegetarian plates, or an entree salad..have tried their entrees and they are just OK..so I stick to the tried and true....if I am hankering for a gyro I think of Saba's

We stopped by this place for dinner because we were stuck in that part of town with an Entertainment Guide and hunger pangs.
I was a little hesitant at first, because the restaurant is sandwiched in a row of restaurants that either are fast food or appear to be.
Anyways, I am glad that we did not turn away.
I had the falafel platter with grilled veggies and baba ganoush.
The griled veggies were very good as was the falafel (honestly, though I can't really tell a good falafel from a bad falafel unless it is total crap).
The baba ganoush was a little less smoky tasting than I have had at other places, but still good.
We also had the spicy feta fries (fries with feta, bleu cheese dressing and wing sauce), which were good, but would not hold up to the Gaelic Nachos at the BOP.
The waitstaff was very friendly and it was a good experience.
I would go back, but I would get the sandwich for about half the price as the entree.
The flaming cheese also looked very good as well.

Meh.
Its good.
I have been here before...its just not the best.
I had a bad craving for a falafel sandwich, only pita jungle is a bit more of a drive from my work.
So I called up Saba's and placed a pick up order.
When I got there, I was promptly ignored and not greeted even though there were 2 people behind the cash register.
The old man grunted at me and pointed at the order I just watched him bag up (I had placed an order for 4 people, nothing crazy by any measure) I asked if I could give him half cash and the rest on my card...I get another grunt (more of a disapproving grunt), this clearly put him in a bad mood.
I said thank you I don't know how many times, but that wasn't enough.
When i got back to work I was a bit disappointed.
I ordered a side salad with my falafel and the house dressing was some really weird dressing I have never had, though the lettuce was very fresh and crisp...My falafel its self was ok.
The patties were good, the pita bread got super soggy really fast and I was sad to see no onions or cucumber or hummus in it like pita jungle does.
If my co workers wanted to go here again, I would most likely order something else and give it another try, but wouldn't suggest it if it was up to me.

I am a falafel-holic.
It's the strangest thing.
That being said, we have lived just down the street from Saba's for 5 years now and it wasn't until maybe a month or so ago that we finally decided to try it out with some friends.
It was ok.
It's one of those places that if I'm out running errands with no time to cook and I don't want to get out of my yoga clothes to go to a resturant, I'll call ahead and pick up.
And, we will probably take family and friends there for a casual lunch or dinner.
The portions are large for the price and the staff is nice and friendly.
I like a place where you can go and ask for suggestions and the staff has actually tried all the dishes.
Again, I am a strictly falafel pita person myself and it is good by me!
I do wish it was maybe open a little later.
Sometimes this mama and daddy settle for late dinners due to the little one and there have been times when after 9 I just want to run across the street.
But, oh well!

Urban Spoon App pick.
Decided to try for lunch after Alice in Wonderland.
We of course tried the "infamous" flaming cheese and it did not disappoint, in presentation or in taste.
Their pitas are fantastic..not thin and dry like the grocery stores.
They were fluffy and doughy as they should be.
Followed it up with the Gyro and it was plenty filling on its own without any sides added.
I noticed below that someone was complaining about the amount received in the sides and from the picture, that side was one serving.
We wonder why we're so fat in America.. it's because pretty much everywhere you go, you are given 2 to 3 servings presented as a single serving and we eat it as if it's one.
I applaud and appreciate them for actually giving 1 serving because either you're overeating and will be fork lifted off your couch one day or you'll eat the one serving and throw the rest of it way and waste it.
Plus the sides are less than $2 , order another one?
?If you're pinching your pennies that tightly you should probably be staying home and eating ramen.

I love Saba's!
They have a great selection for vegetarians and the best tabouli I have ever had.
Their fatoush is great, also but be prepared to wreak for days.
The only thing I wish is that they would bring back their afternoon happy hour.
I loved going in there and ordering about 6 appetizers and sharing with friends.
Maybe for the summer??

There are three things Saba's does undoubtedly right.
Firstly, their gyros; they are great and some versions are very unique like their buffalo gyro!
Next up would be their fries.
They are cooked perfectly and are firm and crispy on the outside yet warm and mushy on the inside (I love my fries like that).
Lastly, their lemon rice soup.
Let me stress that everyone, unless they're either repulsed by or deathly allergic to lemons, needs to try a cup of this soup!
I remember when I used to come here and it was only served on Thursdays and Fridays.
Lately it has become so popular that Saba's serves it every day (That should say something).
Everything else that I've tried at Saba's has been good but the three above mentioned items are great and my favorites.
They are what keep me coming back and should really be considered for anyone visiting this restaurant.

If you're looking for true Mediterranean cuisine, this is definitely not the place.
It's not Middle Eastern either, this is a gyro joint.
Every good review about this place has to do with gyros, which is American Cuisine.
Otherwise, the reviews regarding falafel and rice, etc.
are from people who've lived in Phoenix for too long and don't know any better.
I started by ordering the Saganaki, (fried cheese).
I haven't had this in over 10 years, but I remember how much I loved it.
The table-side presentation was quite nice, but the quality of the cheese was not.
It was tough, not tender and juicy like it should be.
I ate half of it and left the rest.
For the entree I ordered the chicken shish kabob.
I was very hungry and this was quite good, but not memorable.
Dessert is where everything goes downhill.
The baklava was good, not as moist and flavorful as it should have been.
But the Turkish Coffee was a disaster.
It wasn't Turkish Coffee: There was no sugar, no cardamom, the coffee was poor quality and so was the water.
Turkish Coffee is supposed to be "sweet and strong" not weak, bitter and without flavor.
Please remove it from your menu or invite me in to teach you how to make it.
I've been making it for many years and look forward to it when I see it on a menu.
Unfortunately, I am usually disappointed.
The term "leaves a bad taste in your mouth" is exactly that.
The last thing served in a restaurant is the most memorable.
I would have given more than 2 stars if not for the coffee, but I came in mainly for the coffee!
Coffee is not expensive, learn how to do it properly.

We stopped here after my fiance picked me up from the airport since I had the usual exhaustion/hunger combo that, for some odd reason, always comes with traveling.
It was a little late in the evening so I thought I was going to have to settle for fast food.
However, Saba's was in the same plaza and it happened to still be open.
When we went inside the place was empty and the hostess said that they were only taking to go orders at that time.
It was disappointing for only a split second because we decided that it would be even better to veg out on our couch...thus satisfying both the hunger and exhaustion aspect.
We were pleased with the menu choices which took us a bit of time to decide.
We both went with combo plates so we were able to taste a variety of gyros, shawarma, falafel, babaganoosh, hummus, rice and pita bread.
Once we arrived home and plopped ourselves onto the couch with our very full and heavy to go boxes we dived in and proceeded to enjoy some damn good food.
I had to stop myself from devouring the entire thing so that I could have leftovers for lunch the next day...which btw were just as delicious.
The fiance and I have decided that we are definitely going back whenever we have the craving and will probably take our friends/family there when they come visit.

Yum.
In the North Phoenix area, there are about two Middle Eastern restaurants, one of which is Pita Jungle, but I've never been a fan.
I drive by Saba's all the time and finally had the opportunity to stop by.
I was pleasantly surprised.
The lemon-rice soup was divine, and they offer a truly vegetarian option as well.
There are also numerous vegetarian choices on the menu.
We started with saganaki, which was passable, and my main dish was a pita with tabouleh, hummus, feta, and pepperoncini.
I'd never thought of putting that in a pita, but it was a great choice!
Service was quick other than that I had to ask for a water refill.
The prices were fantastic.
I will definitely be heading back to try all of the other veggie choices, and this will be my first choice in Mediterranean fare in my neighborhood.

I absolutely love this place!
You won't find a better baba ghanoush in the valley!
You have to LOVE garlic to like the baba!
I'm just warning you, your significant other and/or friends must really LOVE you too, because it sticks around for awhile!
The must have is the Flaming Cheese!
What a show stopper!
It's soo cheesey, greasy and lemony!
You must also get the lemon rice soup, so good!
Their gyro meat is meatier than most gyro's I've had and has a little bit different seasoning as well.
I recommend the Sleepy Gyro if you want a salad!
Just try this place out and you won't be disappointed!

Ick.
It was one of those evenings when you toss dinner options back and forth, but nothing really sticks.
In retrospect, we should have stayed home.
Even in the barren, food-less space that is my kitchen, I could have done better.
However, lured by an ad boasting a "World Famous Gyro" for the bargain price of $5, off we went.
Upon arrival, we were quickly greeted by a man I assume is the owner, shown to a table, and given menus.
A few minutes later, he came back to tell us he would send someone over to take our order.
Great.
Strangely, the waitress that arrived to ask us what we would like to drink couldn't/wouldn't take our food order, as someone else was actually our waiter.
Huh?
Well, we finally were able to order from our real waiter (who was very nice, by the way and the ONLY reason for 2 stars vs 1) and our World Famous Gyros arrived shortly.
Uh, no.
What I found on my plate was a pile of sauce wrapped in paper.
The entire gyro was drowning in tzatziki.
Now I happen to really like tzatziki, but but not to the point that I cannot even identify what I am supposed to be eating.
I scraped off as much as I could, but then only tasted overly salty meat, soggy lettuce and yes, sauce.
After a few bites, I waved the white flag of surrender - I just couldn't do it.
Guess you get what you pay for....

For anyone who lives in the valley, Saba's is a name everyone is familiar with.
My husband introduced me to this mom and pop joint and I even make sure that any visitors that we have from out of state experience this restaurant.
The marvelous deal they have right now with their $5 gyro makes it extremely affordable.
For about another dollar you can add soup, salad, or fries.
I always opt for the house salad that is drizzled with a lemon vinaigrette which is rather enjoyable!
The gyro is one of the best I've ever tasted and The Chicago is even better, which has all crispy meat.
The adventurous side of myself tried Kibbeh, an appetizer that is made of ground beef, pinenuts, cinnamon and then fried.
The presentation reminded me of falafel, but the taste was very different.
Don't let yourself be scared by the cinnamon; it's subtle and remarkably delicious!
Another all time favorite everyone needs to try is their flaming baklava.
The infamous "fire" show you get will impress any kid or grownup alike and eating it will be even more enjoyable.
Crispy, nutty, and honeylicious with a bit of an added zing from the burned off liquor.
Mmm, mmm, Mm.
I honestly cannot praise this place enough.
It's the right price at a great location with reliable service.
The staff is always friendly and will go out of their way to make sure all of your questions are answered.
Also, if you enjoy a beer with your meal, they have a wide range to choose from without the overly-priced sticker tag.
Who can beat that?

A decent place to get gyros, hummus, etc, plus friendly service.
My boyfriend is a fan, so I've been a few times.
We usually get the triad of hummus, which is obviously freshly made.
They have plain hummus along with pesto, chipotle, and buffalo flavors.
Their lemon rice soup is very good - I've never had anything quite like it before.
If you've never had it before, I recommend trying a cup.
My favorite entree order has been the gyro salad, that way I get more greens and I can make my own little gyros with pita.
Final verdict is if you're in the neighborhood and in the mood for Greek food, stop by.

Best Mediterranean food in the valley, the gyro's are the best.
Service is great, even when they are out the door with customers.

I picked up dinner from here last night.
Although the food was ready in the time promised and the people there are nice; I thought the food was just eh'.
My group of 4 ordered about $60 worth of food so we were able to try a bunch of different things.
Everything from the hummus to the gyro was just ok.  Would I go back to Saba's?
Yes.
Do I want to go back?
Not really.

I moved from Tempe to North Phoenix a month ago.
Aside from access to light rail the one thing I had been missing most was access to great Mediterranean food.
I'm always game for a good kebab or falafel sandwich.
A coworker mentioned Saba's and I was there just a few days later.
I stopped in after work and picked up dinner for me and the roommate.
The place was busy and almost filled to capacity.
Saba's is one of the places that lacks width but stretches back kind of far.
Looked a bit cramped but I can handle that style of seating for good food.
The waiters brought out plates of flaming dishes and yelled "OPAH!
" each time.
Not sure if anyone working there was actually Greek but it makes for a good show and adds some to the atmosphere of the place.
My order for two was ready to go in about 5 minutes (not too fast or slow).
I was out the door and headed to home with the fantastic aroma of sheesh kebab sandwich filing my auto.
My roommate had the Rolled Baba sandwich, a veggie dish made with baba ghannouj.
She liked it a lot but I didn't try it so I'll take her word for it.
I had the lamb sheesh pita.
It was served with an ample portion of delicious meat and they were generous with the veggie toppings and yogurt sauce.
Fantastic sandwich.
The menu has a fine selection sides, salads, burgers, sandwiches and entrees.
They serve Greek beer and I think they have one from the Middle East as well.
One day, sooner than later, I'll venture back and dine in (even if it's a bit crowded) and take in the atmosphere and a great meal.
Saba's was very impressive all around.
It's on par with my two favorite locations in Tempe.
This place will be getting a lot of my eating out money.
If it wasn't for other favorite kebab locations in New York City, Philadelphia and Toronto that were a tad better I likely would have given Saba's a solid 5 stars.
It was that good.
Can't wait to go back.

Low key spot where you can be super casual or take a date.
Sabas has REALLY good mediterranean food.
Quick and friendly services and food is ALWAYS fresh!
Good variety of Greek beer!

Their bruschetta is by far my favorite of any place I've ever tried it at.
Their lemon rice soup is just as good, and the atmosphere is so cozy and cute, at least at this location.

A great place to get takeout.
The restaurant itself is nothing much- not a ton of atmosphere.
They do, however, have great gyros.
Their "world famous" gyros are only $5 each.
They always taste fresh and they are filling.
I also recommend their spanikopita and baklava (the walnut one).
Their appetizer hummuses are not worthwhile.

Not too bad, but not crazy amazing either.
I ordered the Lam Shwarma with baba ganoush.
I wasn't thrilled with the lamb and the baba ganoush was good, but not the best I've ever had.
My family ordered the chicken shwarma and that was pretty tasty.
I'd love to visit this place again when I am in Scottsdale to try out the other menu items.
The wait staff left something to be desired as we were left without drink refills for some time.

This is a nice, locally owned place with some pretty delish food.
The meat is exceedingly tasty and veggies fresh and crisp.
Sauces are pretty bold and garlic forward.
My hubby and I share the three meat meal and it's more than enough for both of us and the two kids.
One minus, our takeout order came with only one pita.
I called and let them know that I thought it was odd.
Apparently you're supposed to order additional pita.
This seems a bit chintzy to me.
At the very least, let the to-go orders know.
I'm happy to pay for more but once you're home, it's not like you'll go back out.
Overall, the food is tasty and healthy - grilled meats, veggies & salad.

When you drive by this place it looks like a little hole in the wall, but once you get in you realize how this is no hole in the wall.
This was actually a pretty decent sized restaurant with full service from host to server.
We were driven in their because we were craving a good gyro, but we soon were disappointed.
The gyro was good, but was a little light on the meat side.
We brought  this to the attention of the manager, he said that it was standard, so we were a little ehhh about that.
What came to save the day was the hummus.
It was so flavorful and delicious.
It has been a while now since I have had some good hummus.
Definitely will be back for the hummus on another day, but I will shy away from the gyro this time.

Despite all the bad reviews we took a chance and went here anyway.
I was pleasantly surprised.
My wife and I shared the 3 combo platter, chicken kabob, shawarma and Lamb Kufta.
I have to say it was pretty dang good.
The baba and hummus were mediocre.
I have had better for sure.
The lamb could have been better quality but over all the food was good.
Got a free baklava which was very good.
I loved it.
I would say one of the better ones i have tasted.
I hate big flaky baklava, this was more like pastry dough, it was great.
I would go here again.
Service was pretty good too.
No real complaints here.

This isn't much of a place for the "expierience" but the cheap eats and decent food paired with fast and efficient servers makes this an easy 5 stars.
They have a few items you can make vegan, the Gyro lunch special is great.
You can get just the Gyro for $5 or make it a combo for $6.50.
For that you get a nice pita wrapped around some of the better falafel in the valley with lettuce, tomato and tahini and a good portion of a side of fries or other side of your choice.
It's not the best I have ever had but compared to other Falafel offerings in Phoenix, which are downright horrible at times, it's pretty good.
The service is always friendly but not overly bearing and the servers are usually always the same people at lunch and they are always on top of things and now whats up.
The food comes out fast so it's great for a quick lunch spot while still getting sit down service.

We hadn't been here for quite a while...and now, I wonder why?
We had a very good meal with attentive, friendly service in a casual and authentic environment on a busy weeknight.
We loved the dolmades- tightly wrapped, flavorful filling- not mushy.
The lamb schwarma was tender, tasty and delicious!
I love their basmati rice and also had my entree with tabbouleh which was yummy in my fresh pita with the lamb!
The falafel gyro was also very good.

This is my husband and I's go to place for take out.

Stopped by here for a quick lunch.
Looks like a great diversified menu with plenty to eat!
It'll take several visits to try everything you want, but I'll base this review on just one.
We had the saganaki (Flaming feta) for an appetizer.
While the taste of the dish was solely melted feta with a little oil, watching the guy light it on fire right besides your table was just awesome.
I personally got the Chicago gyro with fries.
The gyro meat was nice and crispy, while the flavors balanced quite nicely.
The sauce falling off the pita actually made it more enjoyable, I'd say.
The fries were also pretty crispy.
Good value lunch, and I would recommend if you're looking for a fix in the area.

Calamari and Mac n' cheese the best I have ever had!
Our whole family absolutely loves eating here.

Yum!
This place had my family wanting to go back the very next night.
Hubby and son had gyros and loved them.
We had the spicy feta fries as an appetizer and...wow!
Dishes are authentic and fresh.
Our server was fantastic and brought all of us a small piece of baklava after dinner.
We only wish we lived closer so we could visit Saba's more often.

I love the gyros here.
They pile on the meat.
Great service as well...not going to lie, don't get the baklava it was not good.
I have had a couple salads as well and they were very tasty!

Hit this place for lunch today on a random stop.
Service is simply stellar--very attentive and considerate.
I sat myself by the door so I observed one person who was in a real hurry.
She got her gyro in under 2 minutes flat and was out the door.
This place isn't just a nice relaxing sit-down restaurant, but they can turn a to-go order in no time at all.
I had the Red Lentil soup and Sleepy Gyro Salad.
The soup was excellent...I'm going to try to recreate at home for sure.
The large salad was absolutely huge and stacked with gyro meat.
Simply wonderful and I will definitely be back.

Excellant lamb shank that falls off the bone.
I have also had their gyro and is spot on.
I little small so you might have to wait on peak times.

I've revisited this place at least three more times for lunch and can confirm my initial impressions are not a fluke.
Excellent service and food!

Good 5$ gyro special.
Love the fact they have outside seating

One of the gyros I've had in a long time!

Went here for the first time about a month ago and have developed quite the obsession.
after trying many a gyro( it's pronounced euro not guy-row ;) )and being in a mediocre haze from them all, I FINALLY met my match for pita cuisine.
They were absolutely packed and now I see why.
I honestly read through some of the negative reviews on here and thought..  "are you high???
"    So let me break it down.
The pita bread is delicious and moist as if it was made that morning.
I got the chicken schwarma and the chicken was so moist and tender it fell apart.
It was layered with some sort of special sauce and rightfully so it WAS special.
It was deelish.
My fiance got the beef gyro and for someone who doesn't like trying any ethnic foods (meaning anything thats main ingredients aren't meat and cheese)  he was in LOVE.
it was awesome.
He also ordered the bachlava (sp?
) Which was out of this world.
They don't use honey in the bachlava so it doesn't have that sticky effect makes for a much more melt in your mouth treat.
So excited to have this place right around the corner.
Service was great, food was exceptional and it has a nice mom & pop feel.
(Buy local my friends!).
Highly recommend it!
I Also saw they have a happy hour from 3-6 5.50 gyros and drink specials.
The owners are so nice i never feel guilty about spending money on lunch here!

Great food.
Great service.
Small Greek salad is huge.
Buffalo hummus and baba ganoish were tasty.
Baklava was good end.
I will be back.

This is our go to place for Mediterranean food.
They have great hummus and baba  ganoush.
I love the build your own appetizer plate.
We have been going here for almost 10 years now and wont stop anytime soon.

Love their chipotle gyro lunch special and flaming cheese & hummus app.
My sister & I love picking it up to go or eating outside with our babies.

Been here 3 times ate twice.
Gyro pita was ok, lamb schwarma had almost no seasoning and last night there were 3 people at the register an no one bothered to acknowledge me let alone seat me, while the "wait to be seated sign was up.

Great prices great lunch great service and a convenient location

The Sleepy Gyro Salad was very good and quite filling.
I went with the large.

Had the Lamb Shawarma Pita - generous helping of very tender lamb in pita.
Very tasty.

Lamb shawarma and calamari so delish, make you wanna slap yo' llama.. maybe even yo' momma too!
=D jk But they are dammed tasty, though!

My 2nd time there.
As good as first time.
Small little 15 table hole in the wall that serves great food.
Good prices and filling portions.
Highly recommend the steak kabob very tastey.
Will be back

We don't come here often, but when we want to splurge on fries with feta cheese, ranch and buffalo sauce... this is the place to go!
And we were in the mood for exactly that today.
Hubby had the regular gyro, I had the chipotle gyro.
They both were good.
Service was fast.
Note: ** We asked for extra tzatziki and we were charged 49 cents for it.
It was a little too much dill for my taste but it was OK. ** We were coming from the movies, so we had had our huge drinks...
I had an Entertainment Book coupon but it was pretty much useless, because it is for only 50% off a second entree, and you have to order 2 drinks... so it not much of a deal, you probably are better off skipping the coupon and the sodas (healthier and cheaper) ** However... we asked for water and... it tastes terrible.
I think it has happened before.
For the last year or so I am trying to drink more plain water and less sugary drinks/artificial sweeteners, so this is not the place for that : (  We also thought the gyros seemed smaller this time.
Last time I think I ordered a gyro salad and it was good and huge.
I also remember baba ganoush has been very good here.

We happened upon the restaurant on a trip to Scottsdale and decided to give it a try.
We found the food very tasty and freshly prepared.
The portions were of good size and a great value for the price.
I had the lamb pita.
The lamb was grilled medium rare as I requested.
The service was cheerful.
The folks around us were obviously repeat visitors who were welcomed back to the family restaurant.
For a casual Mediterranean meal this place is worth visiting.

This place is easily my FAVORITE spot to grab lunch or dinner.
It's family owned, small, quick, and a good value.
I have been going here several times a month for a few years.
Being a vegetarian, they have endless great options.
I love the lemon orzo soup and ALL of the gyros.
I think I've actually had everything on the menu and it is all absolutely delicious.
Can't get enough.
Start your meal off with flaming cheese, warm goat cheese with pita bread.

I have been going to Saba's for over 10 years now and always had a good experience.
Up until today I would rate it 4 stars.
Yummy falafel, delicious vegetarian red lentil soup were among my favorites.
Their house dressing is lemony goodness.
But today's visit pushed them to a 5 star for me.
While running errands, I stopped in for a quick bite.
I intended to keep it light and healthy.
Which is very easy to do here.
Salads, vegetarian pitas, soups are all healthy choices they have that are also very delicious.
They have added some exciting additions to their menu since I have last been in.
I see the rolled hummus sandwich which I have had before and enjoyed.
Pita, hummus (which now you can choose from different kinds- I chose pesto hummus), lettuce, tomato, cucumber, and a pickle.
Yum.
And I knew I wasn't completely blowing my diet.
Then I see Greek fries and my heart stops.
Feta, herbs and spices, and lemon wedges on fries??
Would I like to add them on to my wrap?
Um, yes please.
I was kicking myself for doubling my calorie intake while I was waiting for my food.
The food comes out fast and all my guilt and self-loathing are replaced by pure desire for the food I'm about to consume.
The portions were ginormous.
Big enough for 2.
I make a deal with myself to only eat half the fries.
The fries covered with the most feta and spices of course.
The pita was crunchy, hummus-y yummyness.
The fries were so damn tasty.
The prices, especially the sandwiches and salads, are very reasonably priced.
I checked out the drink menu and noticed bottled beers were between $3 and $3.50.
Not bad at all.
They had a couple unique beers by the bottle and by tap.
Service was warm, friendly, and prompt.
Afterwards, I thought "Why I have been away for so long?
" But I will be back Sabas.
Oh yes, I will be back.

We've eaten at Saba's for years now, and the food was always good.
Last night we got our dinner to go, and it was pretty bad.
We had the calamari appetizer, which has always been wonderful.
Last night, it was undercooked, it was practically raw, and it smelled fishy.
If we had been dining in, I would have returned it.
I had my usual Falafal sandwhich, and it also wasn't very good.
The Greek fries were soggy and limp, not crisp.
I don't know what was wrong, if it was just an off night, of if they are going downhill.
I have no desire to go back, and it was one of our favorite restaurants.
I give them 2 1/2 stars, because they used to be 4 stars in my book.

We recently visited Saba's for dinner for the first time.
The food is prepared fresh and many of the dishes were created by the owner, George.
We enjoyed visiting with George and learning of the long history of the family owned restaurant.
The atmosphere was relaxing and the staff very attentive.
We really enjoyed our menu selections and have many more dishes to look forward to!
We'll definitely recommend Saba's!

Sabas Mediterranean is a great little restaurant for date night or family night.
The staff is always friendly and can answer any question you might have.
They also have a great $5 gyro happy hour!
Which is an awesome deal because the gyros are very tasteful.
I also really like the falafel.

Love this place.
Authentic Greek food with plenty of other options.
George is great.

I crave this place and drive from Peoria to eat here every chance I get.
Baba Ghannouj is outstanding.
I have been coming here for over 10 years.

Best Mediterranean food ever!
I had the steak pita ($7.95) and both soups (red lentil and lemon rice).
I am seriously hooked.
The soups were amazing.
The steak was really good quality.
I didn't expect that for the price and for being in a pita.
The hummus was awesome.
The staff was friendly, too.

Their food is good but their service is so poor I'm never coming back.
Tonight was the last straw.
I placed an order to pick - up, arrived to get my order and, after waiting 10 minutes and ringing up my order, they finally told me the food I ordered was unavailable.
They did refund my money.
That's the third time that's happened to me in the past six months.
It's the last time.
I used to eat here twice a week.
A family runs this place.
The old man is grumpy and distant, the daughter seems to go through the motions.
The son is friendly, courteous and on top of his game...unfortunately, he can't be there all of the time and the rest of the staff doesn't know how to provide even mediocre service.
It's hard to give your money to people that just don't seem to care.

May well be the BEST falafel in town.
Definitely the best I've ever had in the Phoenix metro.
All homemade from dry, raw garbanzo and fava beans, family spice mix, etc.
The spicy buffalo hummus is great as well!

Fantastic Mediterranean food - I had the chicken shawarma and steak kabob, both were delicious.
The baba and hummus were some of the best I've had, and the portions were large.
Eating the leftovers tonight.
I'm always on the lookout for good shawarma, and this place more than met my expectations.

Got the gyro, a little peppery but overall very good.
Food came out fast and with the sale on their original gyro the price was more than fair.

Stopped for a quick gyro to go, not bad but the cucumber sauce had overpowering garlic added, very bitter and bad taste left in my mouth for hours!
Girl at the register was stunningly beautiful, will return for another try!

Service good, we had hummas, gyros, spiced date crumble.... all real good... need to try the flamming cheese next time!...
messed up on a few tables bill.. including ours but got it fixed.
I liked it.
my guest was on the fence.

Stopped in for lunch on a weekday.
Service is nothing special, but the food is pretty good.
The $5 Gyro special was a good value, mint iced tea was refreshing, and the lemon rice soup was AWESOME.
I don't know how I had never had this soup before, but I am very excited to grab lunch there again sometime soon.

when my husband and I had been going to dinner every Thursday with my sister and her husband trying new restaurants, they didn't want to go here.
Neither did my husband.
But, one Thursday my sister couldn't make it and I convinced my husband to go.
AMAZING food, AMAZING good and friendly service, Smiles everywhere, nice ambiances, the whole thing was more than expected in everyway.
We loved it so much, we went back the very next night!
It is definitely one of our top choices.
It is ridiculously good.
I don't know what else to say.
-foodies!
Don't try the spicey feta fries unless you want a new addiction!

I've been eating at Saba's for about 10 years and it is always a delight!
They have a ton of choices, the food is incredibly flavorful, and the prices are very fair.
This place is really a hidden gem - tucked in the corner of the strip mall on the corner, it doesn't seem like it would be a great dine in location, but it is!
They recently redecorated (or maybe it was within the last year), but they have really created a beautiful atmosphere.
The service was kind and attentive.
I went with my parents, and both ordered salads.
The "regular" is plenty large.
My dad opted for the "large" and found himself with way more than he could eat (which is saying a lot for my dad!).
I made my own two-item platter with falafel & baba ganoush.
The falafel were very galick-y, which I love, and I got about 9 falafel!
It was a ton of food, and I ended up eating it for days.
We also got a hummus appetizer, and that was a great way to start the meal.
I'm glad this place is doing well, it really is a neighborhood joint.
It seems like the owner & staff knew most of the customers coming in, whether for dine-in or pick-up.
Give this place a try, and you will fall in love!
Also, they have a check-in offer of 10% off!

I LOVE this family owned restaurant.
I have been coming here for 13 years and this restaurant only gets better as the years go by.
A lovely atmosphere with great food and amazing service.
A definite MUST when visiting this area.

Really great Mediterranean food.
Enjoyed the lamb.

Great selection of vegetarian pitas!
I prefer the falafel pita, however the other choices are excellent as well.
Saba's also has a great sides like hummus and pita or their delicious Greek Fries.
I've been a regular at Saba's for a few years now and their service and food is exemplary!
I would defiantly recommend this place to anyone craving some Mediterranean food!

This little "hole in the wall" is really a treat!
You wouldn't expect much from the outside, but we have been 3 times now and have been very satisfied with each meal.
I even talked my sister-in-law into joining us (she claims she doesn't like Mediterranean food), and she loved it too!
Prices are very reasonable and the food is really good!
I highly recommend it!
My ONLY sadness is that they are not open on Sundays which is when we always dine out (after church), but since it is a small family-run business, I say good for them to take Sundays off!

Noticed the Big WORLD'S FAMOUS GYRO sign out front.
walked in, very nice and friendly staff.
awesome service.
Unfortunately the gyro I got was really soggy, the meat and sauce was everywhere, not fresh, and the bread had a very distinct burnt taste to it.
The fries were gross...
I don't know what went wrong with this place, but it was packed out with people eating awesome looking salads....
I guess I ordered the wrong thing

I devoured the World Famous Gyro Pita!
So good!
Also very affordable.
I ordered take out and there were a lot of people in the restaurant and picking up food; I can understand why.
I will be frequenting this place from now on.

This place is great for lunch!
Might be for dinner also, but I have only been there for lunch.
The Chipotle Chicken Gyro is awesome!

Sabas has been around forever,  and the quality has always been consistently good.
Their $5 gyro pita deal is insane for the great gyro you get.
The tzazilki (I know I spelled that wrong) is delicious.
Try the lamb too, its veey good.
The owners and staff are always very nice.
Good local spot.

Fantastic food and friendly service... Never a bad meal here and always fresh.
We have come to make this one of our steady goto regular places to go...

I've been here twice in the last few weeks and both times I walked away happy.
It's a bit of a hole-in-the-wall dive sort of place but don't let the old tables, chairs and dark interior influence you.
The service is very good.
The servers seem to work together so if someone walks by they'll check on you and get you a refill or whatever.
My first visit I had the "world famous gyro".
Although I've searched and searched I can't find where they got the "world famous" designation.
It's a good gyro.
The pita is light and fluffy.
I'm not sure about "world famous" but it's pretty good.
I had a lamb Shawrama on my second visit with a side of balsmati rice.
Again, the pita was very good but I found the dish to be a bit on the bland side.
I'll stick to the gyro in the future.
This isn't the kind of place you'll want to bring a first date, impress your future in-laws or celebrate a major life event.
But, for a good meal with great service at a good price - go for it!

Dropped in for lunch and what a little hidden gem !
Menu outside got our YES to come in ..
So many delicious sounding choices was hard to choose from !
Open the door and what cute decor , I was expecting like a taco shop feel or sandwich shop but it's a cute little restaurant hole in the wall place :)  (which I love).
We got the fresca pita and world famous with spicy feta fries , so good you just can't stop eating no matter how full you are !
Flavor is good , all the meat is fresh , chicken in mine was all white meat :) no fatty gross pieces .
We will def be back !

I've been a customer of Saba's almost since the day they opened.
I've seen it go from a very quiet, hidden neighborhood gem to the bustling destination restaurant it is today  It's still an "unfancy," strip mall, hole-in-the-wall location - the only difference is, a LOT more people know about it and love it, as much as I do!
I can't think of a single thing on their menu (and I've had most of it) that didn't leave me happy, satisfied and wanting to come back the next day  At least half the time, I've made a meal out of the combo appetizer plates, so I got a taste of many instead of just one.
Each one of the many is better than the next.
Spanikopita, dolmades, baba ghannouj, tabbouleh (I could live on tabbouleh!
)...all wonderful!
A more recent appetizer on the menu, are the spicy feta fries (french fries, hot buffalo wing sauce and melty feta) sounds "unusual" but is highly addictive.
And, as odd as it may seem, I'd like to give a special shout out for their rice.
There's something about the basmati/vermicelli that is deeply flavorful and I always want to bring extra home with me.
In addition, I'll order the prawns for take out (so the sauce is on the side) and eat them plain...just so I can save the sauce to use on a second meal.
If they made a soup out of the prawn sauce...I'd drink it!
My only "complaint" about Saba's is...I used to live in the neighborhood, and it was easy to be a regular patron; but I moved out to Fountain Hills three years ago, and it's no longer quite as convenient.
I do wish you'd open a location closer to me!!

First time ever coming to Saba's, and it will not be my last!
Located across from the Starbucks, this hole-in-the-wall place is a hidden gem.
I came in with my girlfriend on her lunch break and we decided to dine in.
We were served our beverages promptly, but not by our server.
(For a small place like this, I kind of understand the delay) We ordered the chicken salad and the "World Famous Gyro Pita.
" Everything was delicious!
George was our server and he did not disappoint to answer any questions and make our long wait worth it.
(Baklava as an apology?
ACCEPTED!
) The Turkish coffee was really authentic and strong!
Needless to say, it worked.
The atmosphere is nice.
Paintings on the walls of Mediterranean origin, music was nice too.
I had a fantastic experience and I will be coming back.
OPA!

Love this place, fantastic food, friendly staff.
We eat here at least once a week!
We are always extra supportive of local business over corporate and Sabas is great!!

Saba's is one of our favorite local places since the service, food and menu prices never disappoint!
Our family of four is routinely sat within minutes and the service is always prompt, polite and welcoming.
We have recently tried to incorporate more vegetables in out diet so we have frequented Saba's more often and continue to enjoy this great establishment which has the best falafel pita, hands down!

This was a top notch pita.
It was the chicken sharmwa in which the chicken breast strips are cut thin and marinated in a lemon garlic sauce and then a tzatzhzki sauce is put inside the pita which contains a bunch of dill and more garlic and all tucked into a fresh pita with lettuce and tomatoes.
For 75 more cents, you obviously need to get the feta and onions added and that takes this pita to a new level.
It is a sit down place, but  at least at 2:30pm on a weekday service was quick and fast and friendly.
Use the YELP check-in for 10 percent off and your out the door stuffed for 8 bucks.
No need to get the combo in my opinion, but might be worth it to try the soup next time for a bit extra.
This was a top five greek pita along with one I reviewed two weeks ago in Phoenix.

Great discovery!
Small local family owned, say Hi to George when you go.
It's a bit of a hole in the wall, but the food is fantastic, authentic and very fairly priced.
Service is great.
We will be eating here as often as possible.
Highly recommend!
Oh, try the Greek Salad with chicken.

I wanted to write this review, as a what not to do if you own or run a restaurant.
My wife and I had lunch at Saba's , the service was very good and the waitress was polite and attentive.
The food on the other hand ...    To start we ordered the Hums and the Baba-ghanoush, this appetizer came out on white plate looking like baby vomit, the Humus was fine, runny and not any better than store bought, the Baba-ghanoush was sour and tasted past it expire date.
Next we ordered two Gyro sandwiches with French fries, the Gyro was only 8 thin strips of meat on a soggy pita, 5 out of 10.   next is where the fun began.
we went to pay our check, and we where asked the typical " How was everything"  ?
we at first said "fine".
Owners, "fine" this is the nice way customer say " nothing special" .
As we where asked the question, my wife mentioned that the Baba-ghanoush was sour just so the manager or owner that was taking our money would know and maybe go and check on the batch.
What we got was excuse after excuse on why it was not maybe good, everything from we do not have a recipe " we just taste it" to there is a new guy working.
At no point did she take it off the bill or look like she was going to do anything at all but take our money and tell us to have a nice day.
If you do not care about your customers comments just  "Do not Ask" but when you do ask do something about it !!!.
Needless to say we will not be returning.
Management or ownership does not care one bit about the food it is serving !!
This always make me think  ..  do they care about the sanitary conditions in the restaurant?
do they care about the cleanliness ?
or is it just too many years doing the same thing, "restaurant burnout".
If it was the owner shame on her, if it was management, ownership should know and make the necessary changes.
Never the less the saying goes, one unhappy customer will tell 10 more people abut the bad experience, and this is exactly what I will do.
Richard

Love Sabas!
Great gyros, salads, baklava-we have been taking out and eating in for years.
Everything on the menu is great.
Quality is consistent and food is fresh and well seasoned.
A family run restaurant that is a great find!

bad food,

This place has some of the best Mediterranean cuisine in Arizona, period.
I had passed by this place several times on my way to Rubio's over the past 5-6 months and never gave it a second look.
After hearing someone mention it as a yummy place to get hummus and a gyro I decided to meet up with my family for dinner.
I am still thinking about the amazing meal I ate.
We showed up a bit early from what I had anticipated so the fiance and I decided to start with a couple of appetizers.
Flaming Cheese and Greek Fries.
The cheese was AMAZING and the fries were addictive.
Awesome spices and feta cheese.
Since we were waiting for the rest of the family to show up we struck up a conversation with George who told us a little bit about himself and the food.
He also brought a couple of samples of their soup.
Split lentil and lemon chicken rice.
Both were so flavorful and yummy!
Finally the family arrived and we ordered dinner, chipotle gyro and the Spanikopeta (sp?
) with the lemon rice chicken soup poured over.
Absolutely delicious.
Ate everything despite already being so full.
Finally, we finished it off with Turkish Coffee and baklava, both pistachio and walnut.
Left feeling so very full and I cannot wait to return.
If you're in the area I cannot recommend this place enough.
You will have a wonderful experience.

