I enjoy going to this nail salon because the ladies are friendly, its clean, and they do a great job on my pedicures.
From just people watching, I can tell that most of their customers are lifers as they know them by name and they have the same person at the same time every week.
Stop by and tell the ladies that Ebony sent you :)

This place is still, after almost two years, my favorite nail salon to go to.
Plus they received a 100% on their suprise inspection and that is always a plus in my book.
The ladies are still as friendly as always and the owner Don is one cool guy.

I have been coming here for 6 years or so.
The main reason I keep coming back is the cleanliness.
I have gotten pedicures, manicures and brow waxing done here and I have never been disappointed.
The friendly staff are always smiling and professional.
If you're looking for an affordable, clean place to get pampered, then this is the place.

I moved into the area 1 year ago and have been going there for the year, the owner has a horrible energy about him, but  he has never been completely unpleasant to me, and I like his staff.
I went in today to get a pedicure,  I left, I never got my pedi, he was SO unbelievably RUDE to me, just wanting to get an appointment.
I could not understand what he was trying to say to me, and got super huffy and made me feel like an idiot.
I WILL NEVER STEP FOOT IN THERE AGAIN!!!!!!!!!
I don't care how clean the place is, a business owner should not treat any guest  like he treated me today.
Shame on him!
I support small business, this owner will NOT get mine.
I hope you go elsewhere, where  you will get quality service,  and a positive attitude.
If we pay for a service, we should be at least feel welcome.

I was a walk-in.
The place is good and seems clean- they take credit cards which is always a bonus.
I'm not sure if you can tip on your card...
I just forked over a couple of bucks.
My get manicure lasted for almost two weeks- and for my super fast growing nails that's a good length of time :)

Talk about a hidden gem!
This salon was the cleanest most attractively furnished salon I have found in several years, but the best part was everyone spoke English, how refreshing!
They were able to take me immediately and Nancy the gal who did my pedicure was terrific.
They take credit cards which I prefer than those shady salons that require cash only, although they do ask that tips be paid in cash, which is a reasonable request.
I was in and out in 45 minutes and was never felt rushed.
Finally, I have found a nail salon worth a return trip.

This nail place is terrible.
Theres one across the parking lot that at least doesnt change prices on you.

This place may be 'clean' however I ended up with nail fungus because of this place!
Manicures may be okay but never get a pedicure unless you are prepared to take medication for three months to get rid if the fungus!
Will never return

I came here for the first time Saturday morning with an appointment.
The place is clean, inviting and they have a decent amount of polish choices.
My pedicure wasn't impressive, I left with rough heels and polish that wasn't smooth.
I got a gel mani that had already chipped within 24 hours, the lines aren't straight.
It looks like I did my own French Manicure.
I wanted to like this place but I spent $55 plus tip and walked away unimpressed.

Good service and care.
Went here withy girlfriend to get a pedicure that she forced me to do.
I thought it was pretty good for my first time.
I really liked the massage chairs while they cut my wicked man toe nails.
Lol

