The best chiro I have ever been too.
He has really helped me with lower back pain, with out all the violent cracking.
Seriously, give Dr. Keith a try you will love it.

I bring my whole family to Dr. Smigiel.
My son received his first adjustment when he was 2 days old.
Dr. Smigiel is very gentle and has allievated all my back ailments.
I highly recommend him as he is not only extremely knowledgable in regards to chiropratic care but also nutrition,healthy living and natural health care.

Dr. Smigiel is the best Network Chiropractor in the Phoenix metro area.
He has a fantastic technique and he treats his patients like family.
I drive a lot for work and I exercise a great deal putting much pressure on my lower back disc degenerative disease DDD L4-5.
Dr.Smigiel continues to maintain and improve not only my spinal health, but my overall health and immune system with his soft touch network chiropractic technique.
I even managed to get my old school 70 year old parents to visit several times a year and they've never felt better.
Thanks Dr Keith Smigiel for eliminating my lower back and upper shoulder pain and improving my quality of life!!

Dr. Keith Smigiel is the real deal.
I have been going to him since 2000.
He takes the time to figure out your specific needs and does whatever it takes to get you comfortable and healthy.
He has even come into the office when I have had emergency sports injuries or toddler scares.
Our toddler has gotten adjusted by him since being in the womb and at 2, has been sick only twice in his life (a short cold).
I highly recommend Dr. Smigiel.
If you are scared of having your neck torqued or your back cracked with too much force, look no further than Smigiel Family Chiropractic and make your appointment today.
With Dr. Keith's "less is more" theory you can rest assure you won't be "overdone".
Go ahead and make an appointment, you will be glad you did.

I went to Dr. Keith myself when I had a neck issue.
I had become so accustomed to a limited range of motion that I had forgotten what it felt like to have the ability to turn over my shoulder to look for traffic.
After 2 adjustments, I did not revert back to bad habits.
Problem solved!
Then a year later when my 15 year old son hurt himself playing baseball, we were desperate to find a solution.
After going to another chiropractor and acupuncture, we found Keith's approach to be just what he needed.
He found that the reason for his continual spasms was due to muscle imbalances, not in the spine.
So, not only did he adjust him, he has given him exercises he can do to strengthen and get muscles "firing" so the problems will stay away.
I am happy to have a solution for my son and he is now back to the best condition he has been in.
A low pressure environment and extremely knowledgeable.
I would give 10 stars if I could.

