I've been to this location a number of times, but I have to admit that this last visit was the best.
I was immediately greeted and brought to the appropriate section, where a friendly blue-shirted employee helped me figure out whether the "one-size-fits-all" laptop power adaptor would work for my netbook.
We sadly determined it wouldn't work, and I walked towards the exit, only to be met by the same greeter.
She helpfully told me about Best Buy's parts program, expressing regret that the all-in-one solution wasn't going to work for me.
Whatever they've done here, color me impressed.
Figure out how to hang on to the management staff at this location, Best Buy!

Always very helpful!
Went in with my Great Uncle and they were very attentive and gave some great advice to what we were looking for.

This best buy is within walking distance of my Apartment....and while it is nothing spectacular....it is fairly decent.
It can be disorganized at times....and especially on Tuesday's when new material comes out.
There have been times when there has been no table near the front entrance or in the rear of the store with all the new releases on it.
I know this is a best buy tradition at most all stores I have been to anyway....and on some Tuesday's it is just not there and that can be very disappointing.
I will say the Staff is honest and courteous at least especially the customer service staff....and Jeri in the Camera section is a very helpful staff member.
So while this locale wouldn't be my first choice for my electronic gear....it certainly wouldn't be my last either.
Eat, Drink and be Merry my Friends.

Terrible customer service.
Enter store, go to Ipod location.
Employee Nick looks at me.
Says nothing.
I say I need an Ipod Classic.
He tilts head toward his microphone and calls for a key to open the case.
Opens case, removes Ipod, nods toward cash register.
Asks if I am part of some rewards program (he mumbled so I'm not sure what program he was asking about) Rings up sale.
Tells me the amount.
I pay.
He pushes item towards me then says 'Do you want a bag?
' I wait for him to say thank you.
not happening, he never says another word.
I say 'You're welcome' End of transaction.
Hello Fry's Electronics!

I've never had a bad experience at this Best Buy, but also haven't had a spectacular one either.
My most recent experience was when I came here to purchase and iPad 2.
As I entered the store I was greeted with an employee/security guard and which I time I asked him where the iPads would be located, he pointed and gave verbal direction at which point I said, "thanks" and meandered over.
There was a rather large lighted display with four iPads you can play with, which I gladly did for about ten minutes before I realized I hadn't seen one employee around to ask for help or rather have them ask me if I needed any help.
When I finished watching a SNL YouTube video I made way towards a group of three employees standing behind a desk and asked for help.
One jumped up and cheerfully walked over to the iPad stand and answered any and all questions I would have.
He was very helpful (after I initiated everything) and when I settled on the type I wanted he went back and brought me out a brand new one and one that had been returned that I could get with a 10% discount.
I asked if I could take the used one out of the box and inspect it and he was more then happy to open the box up and let me hold it and every which angle, under every light source I could find to make sure there where not any scratches (there weren't).
I, of course, jumped at the extra 10% off one and he walked me up to the front counter and which point I snagged my very own iPad, what what!

This best buy is pretty nice.
The staff are friendly, they normally have a good selection.

Lets just say when a customer walks in, your personal conversation needs to come to an end.
Sadly the Reps in the cell phone department didn't do that, and didn't offer any assistance until after I said Lets go.
When we asked about a specific phone, they had no idea what we were talking about so we had to leave anyway.
No wonder they are going out of business, it's more of a playtime for the employee's as apposed to a work place.

Thank you, thank you geek squad for getting my computer up and running again.
This is my lifeline.
They were very helpful

I like this Best Buy better than the one near home because the parking is so much better.
The front of the store, as seen from the outside, can look a bit deceiving -- it looks like the place is closed.
It isn't, though, so go on in!
The guy at the front greeted me when I walked in.
My sister recently got me into The Big Bang Theory and I was on a mission to find Season 2 (found, by the way).
Best Buy stores' inventory of various items, like CDs, DVDs, and laptops, have continued to decline in recent years due to iTunes, Netflix, hulu, and tablets but they still stock electronics and the other items you typically shop for at Best Buy.
I was desperate for the next season of TBBT or I probably would have shopped online.
But -- if you need Best Buy, I recommend this one over other locations in the Phoenix area.
It was and easy in-and-out.

Don't buy here!!!
They are liars and cheats.
I brought in my hp laptop I bought at this store ($699.00) to the geek squad because it wouldn't power up.
They said they had to send it to Kentucky for possible repair at a cost of $35.00.
A week later "Kentucky" called said it was to old to fix ( it is 4years old) & I should buy a new one.
So I did.
I gave the old computer to a friend, he changed the battery & power cord & voila!!!!
It works fine!!!!!
Really?!?!
Luckily I hadn't picked up the new one yet so they reluctantly gave me my money back.
Never again will I use this store.

