We had been told by a few people to go here and get our mattresses.
I had called the store and had gotten a quote for a set and then sent my husband in to look at it.
A couple weeks went by and a living social deal popped up $39 for a $200 voucher.
It sounded to good to be true-right?
Well it was!
I purchased the voucher and headed over a couple days later to get a bed.
When I got there the sales guy told me that he already reduced all the beds $200 ( voucher-can't be used with any other sales) and that basically the living social deal is no good.
Hmmmm that sounded a little unethical to me.
He basically went into a contract with living social and then turned around and said he reduced everything so therefore the voucher is void!
The funny thing is he quoted me prices weeks before the living social deal and had NOT changed his pricing from then????
Don't get me wrong his prices are decent I just wasn't impressed on the fact that he did the living social deal just to get people in the door.
I went home and contacted living social and they refunded my $$$ and said that if this is what he did then he broke his contract with them and these are not the businesses they want to work with.
Again decent prices just didn't like how this deal was handled.

My Fiancee and I purchased a king mattress and box springs  from Steve Berdrow.
Steve was fast and efficient and save me hundreds of dollars from similar mattress and springs at Costco.
I would highly recommend Steve and R&S mattress for your mattress needs.

Steve was extremely helpful!
He can help you find the right mattress for an awesome deal.
Local company, local manufacturing, great service.
Can't beat that combo!

Only thing I can say is that the "Open" sign was on in the window and the lights were on in the store, but the door was locked and no staff to be found at 11am on a Tuesday.
We waited for about 10 minutes and then left.

Not only are the Mattresses really that much less expensive than ANY other mattress store, the customer service help we got from Colin Gree was incredible!
Not only did he take the time to show us the different types of bedding but he tool the time to explain the "quality" differences and what would be best for us!
Thanks for all of your help Colin, we will be back when we need another bed!

A friend recommended R&S Mattress to me and I'll be honest, I was a bit skeptical because I was not familiar with R&S and when I arrived it was not fancy.
That said, within seconds of walking in the door I knew I had made the right decision by going there.
Colin Gee was really helpful in educating me on different types of mattresses and options as well as how R&S is able to offer such discounted prices for the exact same mattresses sold elsewhere for up to double the price.
I never felt like I was being sold or pushed into buying anything.
I felt great about my purchase and will without a doubt buy from R&S next time I need a mattress.
Also, the delivery guys were great.
They arrived EARLY and were very polite and efficient.
I wish all buying experiences were this pleasant.

