I have a new favorite sandwich place!
I've probably driven by Breadcrafters over 3.000 times since I moved to Phoenix.
It's in an unassuming little shopping center on Tatum across the street from PV Mall.
I noticed the sign but never thought twice about going in until my friend Deborah recently told me that they have wonderful sandwiches and salads that are perfect for picking up when you're on the run.
So, instead of trusting Deborah 100% (I don't know her THAT well yet), I sent my mom in to try Breadcrafters when she asked me where she should go for lunch during her last visit.
It passed the 'mom test' with flying colors... my mom loved it - she said it was perfect!
Today was my turn... and needless to say, I was extremely impressed!
The staff was really sincere, friendly and helpful.
When I walked in, I smelled fresh bread and I saw several cases full of not only bread, but sandwiches, salads, and baked goods too!
Everything looked awesome!
I looked at the menu and noticed that prices were reasonable and they offered daily specials including soup/sandwich combo and 'the daily double' where you pick two different items to make your own combo.
It took me a few minutes.
but I decided to design my own sandwich off the menu...
I went with turkey, lettuce, tomato.
avocado., sprouts, and spicy mustard on multi-grain alsatian bread.
It came with my choice of sides (I went with coleslaw) and a pickle.
If you've read my reviews, you know I don't usually go into detail about the food more than saying what I ordered, liked, didn't like.
etc... however, I have to make an exception on this one.
The sandwich may sound like any other sandwich you could pick up anywhere, but this sandwich was special!
Every bite I took, I tasted all of the ingredients.
It was balanced perfectly!
Just the right amount of mustard and avocado spread evenly on the bread, fresh and juicy turkey.
crisp lettuce, and ripe tomato.
Yum!
I was there after 2 for a late lunch expecting this random place to be empty... but I was wrong.
The place was hopping!
I noticed that people were eating outside (it was a beautiful day) and that Breadcrafters is DOG FRIENDLY!
I also noticed that many people came in just to buy freshly-baked bread.
Not a bad idea - I'll have to remember that for next time we're entertaining!
I overheard Angela.
the (new) owner, tell a customer that the bread sold like crazy today, so I imagine the best selection is first thing in the morning...
It may have been my first visit to Breadcrafters but it will not be my last.
See you there!

Better luck next time.
We arrived 5 minutes before they were closing for some sweet treats to take over to a friends house.
I was trying to take it all in and figure out what to bring.
They were basically trying to close down while we were in there and I definitely got the impression that they wanted us out.
We picked out a pumpkin cookie, chocolate cake slice, a raspberry lemon bar and my guy got a salad.
It was all pretty decent, but nothing really fantastic.
The lemon bar was probably the standout.
The girl said the dressing was homemade bleu cheese, but it looked more like Italian.
If I'm in the area I will try this place again (hopefully earlier than 5 minutes before close) and try some of their bread and/or sandwiches.
It is called Breadcrafters after all...

One of the best Sour Cream Blueberry Muffins around.
Unassuming little place across from the mall with really good sandwiches and breakfast items.
Not for the high maint.
types, it's just short of self serve, but fresh and good.

My husband and I were out running errands and we were famished.
I remembered Gabi K. had written a review on Breadcrafters and being a sandwich lover, I made the executive decision that we were going to stop in and try it.
It's a bit tricky trying to spot it as the strip mall where it's located in is undergoing a facelift.
But don't worry, it's worth it.
As we were walking in, they had a bowl of water and a container that said "Good Dog Treats".
Being dog-friendly is a huge score in my book.
I ordered the Park Avenue sandwich and my husband got the Turkey Jack Stack.
My Park Avenue was loaded with tomato, lettuce, and chicken salad on raisin pecan walnut bread.
It was amazing and filling.
I got the whole sandwich but ended up taking 1/2 home for later.
I had the potato salad on the side and it was divine.
It's not your traditional mayonaisse-y mess, but instead tasting like a baked potato loaded with toppings.
My husband was mad he had gotten chips on the side.
His sandwich was just as good.
It was loaded with turkey, green peppers, onions, and pepper jack cheese, smeared with an avocado salad.
Hours later and he's still talking about how good it was.
The prices were really reasonable.
I was also excited to see that they have a small breakfast menu.
If their breakfast sandwiches are as good as their sandwiches, you're in for a treat.
I can't wait to return for breakfast.
Additionally, Breadcrafters has a great selection of pre-made salads perfect for grabbing on the go.
Now, this is a bakery but we unfortunately didn't get to take home a loaf.
By the time we walked in at 1:30 pm, they were picked over.
Definitely a sign of a good bakery.
They did have a sample of their swiss cracked pepper loaf with their blue cheese spread.
It was insane.
The desserts in their counter were pretty tempting as well.
I am so glad we stopped in.
I love sandwiches, and I love discovering a new place to patronize that has awesome sandwiches.
I can't wait for the facelift on this complex to be done.
It looks like they'll have an awesome little patio area to sit on with your dog.
I am already invisioning hiking with our dogs at Dreamy Draw and either stopping in for a tasty breakfast or lunch.

Meh, it's okay.
Very tiny and not a whole lot of options make a new customer wander toward the smell of the oh so good In-n-Out in the parking lot.
The bread was good, I had the Chibatta (spell check?
) but the meat was very slimy and reminded me of a poor gas station sandwich.
Maybe it was just my experience but I don't think I'll go back.

Did a dial in and pick up order.
Ordering was easy and picking up was even easier--- they had the food ready and lunch for 5 people was about $40!
That's pretty cheap considering it was 4 sandwiches with sides (small itty bitty sides) and a salad.
I had the tuna, it was good-- not the best tuna I have had but still good.
Everyone liked their meals, I think I will try for a salad next time, it was huge and my friend really liked it.
The inside of Breadcrafters is really cute and they have a large variety of desserts and assorted fresh breads to buy.
I need to remember this next time I need desserts and fresh bread, typically around the holiday season.

Tasty food at a decent price.
Nice local alternative to paradise bakery.
Today they had reggae music playing on Muzak.
Not enough seating, and the place was packed when I got there, but otherwise pretty good chow.

oh  how i love breadcrafters.
seriously, i LOVE it.
amazing bread, soups, sandwiches, pastries.
the place is cozy with only 5 or 6 tables inside, but it makes sense because they have tons and tons of fresh breads to sell and they need the room.
i order the 1/2 sandwich and salad special on mondays - turkey parm pesto with a small chef salad.
i eat the sandwich on monday and the salad tuesday or wednesday - both is way too much for lunch for me.
the turkey is never too salty and the veggies are always perfectly ripe and fresh.
you'd have to pay me not to go back.

No, we just stopped serving breakfast.
The only vegetarian lunch item is the cold veggie sandwich.
We're out of wheat bread.
I *guess* we could toast the bread.
All delivered in a forced-friendly-but-really-irritated manner by an extremely bored woman.
OK, at $18 for lunch for two (1 full sandwich of the day, 1/2 veggie sandwich, two pops) I would hope that you are fully stocked, friendly, accommodating and apologetic, and don't intentionally assault my eardrums with shitty country music while I have to wait forever for very simple food.
The food was OK, but our conclusion was that something like Subway would have been faster, better, and less snotty at half the price.

Despite living in the area for close to a decade, lunch today was my first time at Breadcrafters.
It's small, with little seating, but is also conveniently located across from the mall.
This is a combo bakery/sandwich shop, though I was disappointed with the sandwich selection.
I got the country club sandwich, but didn't want the swiss cheese that comes standard.
I had to settle for colby over the cheddar I wanted; I was a little surprised that a sandwich shop would fail to have cheddar cheese.
I also ordered the potato salad, which is definitely a different style than I'm used to.
Instead of creamy, it was basically little block of potato--with skins--with a wee bit of dressing.
It wasn't terrible, but I wish they would have described it in more detail than just saying it was "potato salad.
" The sandwich itself wasn't bad, but wasn't memorable either.
Either way, it didn't seem worth the $10 I spent there on a basic sandwich and drink.

Decent for what they are going for... better food than Subway, but not incredible.
Free wi-fi and free refills are a definite plus.
I was just looking for a place close to my apartment where I could get a healthy lunch while getting online to get some work done.
Being a Saturday around lunchtime, I was a little worried about finding a place that wasn't totally packed.
After trying quite a few places nearby that didn't have wi-fi (why not Floyd's Kitchen?
How expensive is a router really?
) I walked down the strip mall and found Breadcrafters.
I have co-workers that love this place, and they did have a place I would work (outside none the less, and we have to enjoy the weather here while we can!
) so I got a salad and sat down to work.
While the salad and a drink was $10, it was more than big enough to satisfy and they let me know I could get free refills.
No TV's, which could be a plus to some people, but I was hoping to watch the Bulls playoff game.
I will come here again, when I'm in the right mood.
Next time the Bulls are playing however, look for me at Buffalo Wild Wings.

DO NOT ORDER YOUR HOLIDAY PIES AT BREADCRAFTERS!!
I made that mistake last Thanksgiving!!
I ordered a pumpkin pie and an apple cranberry pie.
We had family in from North Carolina and enjoyed a loverly dinner.
Then disaster struck.
I bit into my apple cranberry piece of pie and THERE WAS CHOCOLATE IN IT!!!
A whole layer of chocolate under the apple and cranberry.
I couldn't believe it and I was so embarrassed.
It tasted horrible.
The pumpkin pie was crappy too!!!
To make matters worse I tried numerous times to contact the owner for a refund by phone and through their website and heard nothing then finally sent her a message through facebook!!
I heard back from her and she admitted to me they rarely check their email off the website - thats good business sense!.
She asked me for my address to send the check to and gave it to her.
A couple weeks went by, received nothing so  I emailed my address again.
To this day (June 14th) I still have not received a refund!!!
We used to lunch there once in a while but now WE WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN!!!
And this year I will make my own pies!!!
Lesson Learned!!
It shows me that they do not care about their customers!

Cute and quaint  with a nice little patio.
Seems like the perfect place to meet for a quick breakfast or lunch.
Last Sunday I ended up there when looking for a breakfast for my daughter, Sammy.
See all my talk about junk food has come to fruition and she won't grab a quick bite at Mc D's or Burger King...which is exactly what I want, for her to be discerning ... but  you get the idea.
Now I have to find better more expensive choices/healthier foods , oh well she is worth it.
This little bakery has a tidy selection of  muffins and scones fresh and the place smelled nice.
Daughter had a Morning Muffin , which I would call a Morning Glory Muffin , it had a spicier taste but not nutmeg or cinnamon , Sammy wasn't thrilled .
I thought it smelled good.
I had a berry scone which tasted really good.
I would go back for one if I was in the neighborhood.
One down side was the counter service, the gal was doing her best , but one person taking orders getting drinks, bakery goods, and refilling teas and coffee seemed a bit much .
While there we saw a constant line of  people and the poor girl couldn't get caught up , she would have to stop and refill tea machines  and that meant people waiting.
I felt bad for her.
One side note they had a nice selection of pre-made  food  like fresh cut up fruit , veggies and chicken breast that looked good for fast eating on the run.

This is my favorite place for sandwiches and salads.
The staff here are the friendliest I have encountered since I moved to AZ (the staff must all be from somewhere else!).
The bakery items are also very good.

Haven't had a bad meal here yet.
The salads are large.
Large enough to share or have half and save half for later or lunch the next day.
My favorite is the Thai chicken.
My husband and son are addicted to the focaccia deluxe sandwich.
They love the Parmesan pesto spread that have on it.
I bring home a tub of the spread (sold sep) and a bag of the toasted bread for dipping when I have company.
The baked goods are also excellent.
All fresh and baked on premises.
My favorite is the butterscotch ranger cookie.
Darn.
Shouldn't have told you.
Now they will be out when I go!

I haven't been to Breadcrafters on Tatum in quite some time.
We arrived around 1 p.m.  by 1:30 p.m. the place filled up quickly.
The boyfriend had the Park Avenue Chicken Salad  the most popular sandwich on the menu with white-meat Chicken Salad made with Grapes and Almonds & served on Raisin Walnut Pecan Hearth Loaf with Lettuce & Tomato.
$7.50 and I the Bourbon Street Ham with  Provolone, Mixed Olive Relish, Lettuce, Tomato & Vinaigrette on Ciabatta Loaf.
$7.25  Delish.
Next time I would try a softer bread.
The Ciabiatta was a bit tough to chew.
To drink I ordered the Feeling Nutty Latte with a shot of hazelnut and walnut syrups.
Ben had the Passion Fruit iced tea.
Can't wait to try the breakfast menu.
The website iscurrently under construction.

I am always in the mood for a good Deli Sandwich and I was randomly driving by Breadcrafter's while looking for a place to have a late lunch.
In an environment surrounded by large chain restaurants with your standard unhealthy boring food Breadcrafters was a real discovery.
It has a prime location and everything is made fresh in house.
Not only do they have great lunches but they have amazing breakfasts and you can buy their bake goods for your own personal use as well.
It was a little on the pricey side, $25 for two people for lunch, but then again healthy and home made always is.
They are also pet friendly with treats and water so bring your dog and relax out on the covered patio with misters.
I highly recommend Breadcrafters Bakery & Cafe for anyone looking to break away from the representativeness that is chain restaurant dining.

There's an unexplainable culinary phenomenon that's probably happened to each and every one of us, a sandwich for whatever reason always tastes better when someone else makes it.
I'm not sure how or why this happens.
If you ask around many have already formulated a various theories.
Some feel it's the way the condiments are layered amongst the slices of meat and cheese.
Others think that it's a secret ingredient that maker uses like a dash of celery salt or paprika.
My mom used to make me a sandwich of sliced turkey, Muenster cheese, Miracle Whip, bread and butter pickles on Wonder bread.
I've made this sandwich so many times but have never been able to make it taste as good as hers.
I recently tested this out at Breadcrafters Bakery and Cafe in Paradise Valley where they specialize in fresh bakes breads, house made salads and of course sandwiches made by someone else.
Breadcrafters isn't your ordinary sandwich shop, as the name indicates they also bake bread and pastries, but oh the bread!
For me this is one of the best bread bakeries in a town that only has a handful of really good bread makers.
To celebrate such amazing bread, why not make amazing sandwiches?
Nancy's Favorite ($7.75) arrived piled high with roast beef, Gorgonzola and roasted onion spread, roasted red peppers, lettuce and tomato on a crusty baguette.
Aside form the chewy flavorful baguette and the tender roast beef, the bold and creamy notes of the cheese spread makes this sandwich a stack-of-love.
By contrast the Turkey Jack Stack ($7.75) had a spicy bite thanks to pepper jack cheese and red onion.
The sourdough bread it was served on was so spongy and flavorful I ordered a loaf ($4.50) to go.
Unfortunately the Park Avenue Chicken Salad ($7.75) was under-seasoned; its only saving grace was the incredible raisin walnut pecan bread it was served on.
On my next visit, Ill just pick up a loaf ($4.50) of the bread and skip the salad.
When you order a sandwich you have your choice of potato salad, pasta salad, fruit, coleslaw or potato chips.
I might avoid the disappointing potato salad.
The potatoes were oven roasted which is great but the spuds were over cooked and dehydrated making for a chewy strange tasting mess.
The love doesn't stop at their bread; they make cupcakes that are moist and inviting.
On my last visit I picked up a Red Velvet Cupcake ($2.75) and a Strawberry Shortcake Cupcake ($2.75).
On my way back home I couldn't stop thinking about the cute little white box housing my treats.
Once home, dessert came first!
The shortcake cupcake wasn't shortcake at all but made from angel food cake, then topped with real whipped cream and a glazed strawberry.
This was one of those desserts you savor and enjoy though I ended up eating the whole thing in about four bites, yes it was that good.
Wiping the crumbs from my face I proceeded to convince myself that I would only have a single bite of the red velvet, wrong.
I couldn't resist licking the cream cheese frosting off before devouring the moist and ultra chewy cake.
While there is still no concrete reason why a sandwich made by someone else's hand is better, I do know this, I enjoyed trying to prove this one out.

Holy monster scones!
Went here to pick up a pastry, ended up biting off more than I bargained for.
My eyes were definitely bigger than my stomach.
I ordered a bacon and egg croissant with pepper jack cheese.
While I waited for my breakfast sandie, I drooled over the massive, football-sized chocolate croissant, baseball-sized scones and cookies bigger than my palm.
Then I saw it waiting for me: a beautiful red head.
She looked so sweet and rich and I couldn't deny my cravings.
I just had to buy a red velvet cupcake.
And she turned out to be everything I could ever want.
Oh, and the croissant sandwich was pretty good, too.

My mom and I were in the area and decided it was time for lunch.
Chilly out we felt like a soup and sandwich would hit the spot.
Trusty ol' Yelp gave me BC as an option.
When we arrived we looked and and were surprised to see how small it is in here.
The seating is tight and awkward.
It was too chilly and rainy to eat out doors so we made it work.
We decided on the half sandwich and soup of the day special.
The sandwich of the day was a roast beef with a cream cheese spread that was supposed to have horseradish and we had 3 soup choices, Tortilla soup, tomato basil bisque and chicken veggie pesto pasta.
Mom decided on the tortilla soup and while I told the lady tomato bisque I was thinkin the chicken pasta...and typical as it is when I picked up my meal on the tray instead of the tomato bisque, they served me the chicken pasta.
The soup was plentiful.
Mom made a meal of the soup (her's was heartier than mine) and saved her sandwich.
My soup was more brothy with a dollup of pesto and had frozen style mixed veggies and an assortment of canned beans and a few pieces of pasta (didn't see any chicken).
The sandwich was just ok, when mom had hers later she too was unimpressed.
Well this place was no Paradise Bakery but I like the opportunity to support small local business.

I have been going to Breadcrafters for the past five years, and it is HANDS DOWN one of my all-time favorite sandwich spots in Phoenix!
Here are some of my favorite food choices:  Sandwich: I typically build my own sandwich which I like to call Old Faithful.
It is a perfect combination of turkey, provolone, lettuce, tomato, with their parmesan pesto spread on a baguette.
The parmesan pesto spread is OUT OF THIS WORLD - you haven't lived if you haven't tried it!
Their chicken salad is also fantastic.
They serve it with lettuce and tomato on their walnut raisin bread, and it is great!
They have all kinds of great sandwich creations, all of which I've tried.
I am being completely honest when I say I haven't had a bad sandwich at Breadcrafters.
Salads: My favorite is the Napa Valley chicken salad.
It has sliced marinated chicken with bleu cheese crumbles and grapes and is served with a champagne vinegrette.
It's delish!
Pastries: All the pastries are great, but I love their scones and muffins.
They are huuuuge portions, so you could make a breakfast out of a scone and cup of coffee.
Their desserts are out of this world as well.
I highly recommend the apple fritter, brownie (insanely chocolatey), lemon raspberry bars, and their molten chocolate chip cookie (it's a dark chocolate cookie with raspberry).
Bread and Dips: My favorite breads are the sourdough, french country (a lighter sourdough), viennese (an egg bread), garlic parmesan and regular baguettes.
The dips that they sell are beau monde (a delicious herb/dill dip that's great with veggies), parmesan pesto (my fave!
), roasted onion gorgonzola (another fave), and an olive tapenade.
As far as the service goes, everyone is always SUPER friendly.
It's one of those "cheers-esque" places where everybody knows your name :) I will be a life-long customer, because this place really knows how to do good, fresh food!

I work for a local bread company...you could say a competetor for these guys...but i love this place.
Their molten chocolate cookie....yum Their pesto parmesan sauce for sandwiches...yum Thier breads...burnt crust, cripsy, and wet and doughy on the inside...that is the perfect loaf, and they mastered it.
I can't wait to try more of thier pastries and bread.
They have limited seating and don't use A/C.
But that BS doesn't bother me.
Whenever i am near the PV mall area, i stop here.

The food at this place is top notch!
"Nancy's favorite sandwich" is also Suzanne's :).
I think the drinks are a little overpriced and the service at times isn't the fastest...but if your looking for a great baked goods with quality ingredients stop at this place.

So my girl friend works close by and we thought we would try this place for some dessert!
I hope the Food is better than the dessert.
I can not say I was real impressed but it could have been what I ordered.
The bread looks great and the few sandwiches I saw looked good.
The thing that bothered me most about this place is that the staff did not seem very friendly.
Seems like a nice bakery and a good location but I the staff could make this place a lot better and more inviting!

Wow!
Another great meal here!
Wifey had the "Twisted Turkey" (turkey, cranberry, cream cheese, cucumbers on raisin walnut bread) which was really amazing!
I had a roast beast on french roll.
Fresh meats, great service.
The young guys working the counter were very knowledgeable about the menu and had great recommendations.
Lots of great looking salads in the case too.
Previously had the pulled pork sammie (breakfast) which was also amazing.
Breakfast closes at 11:30.
One thing though: They sell out of their fresh breads pretty early (at least on the weekends).
We were there at 12:30 and there was only 3 or 4 loaves left.
We had a sample of the Swiss Cheese and Pepper bread (only on Saturdays) and it was very good... lots of pepper.
Would make a great grilled cheese, IMO.

I went here for lunch a few days ago.
I guess we got here before the lunch rush because it was dead when we got there but the small place started to fill up pretty fast.
There are under 10 small tables in the place so if you are dining in get here as early as you can.
I know they can't help it but the place is pretty small, hot and cramped when it gets crowded.
I also don't like it that you have to ask for a soda refill and can't just get it yourself.
I do understand though that space is an issue here and it isn't a full service restaurant so it is what it is.
All the workers are very very friendly and helpful however.
For my sandwich I chose the Turkey Jack Stack.
I loved the sourdough bread but the actual sandwich was just standard.
It was of a decent size and had plenty of fresh ingredients, but the flavor was just eh.
Not really worth $7.50.
The cole slaw is pretty good as it was not overly creamy.
It was perfect for a hot summer day and was quite refreshing...or as refreshing as cole slaw can be.
The cookies are also very good and fresh.
There is an awesome chocolate one where they put in crasins which is a welcome touch and adds a sweet-tartness to the cookie.
I highly recommend it.

This place is amazing!
A new favorite for me.
The fall salad is to die for!
Love the bakery selection and cozy atmosphere.
I highly recommend it!

I am hardly ever in the area.
But sometimes i exit on the 101 and cactus and go straight down to the mall.
I love there foccacia bread.
I always get a sandwich and add the pesto mayo sauce to it.
And no one can resist their Molten choco cookies.
This is a great little bakery who makes traditional artisan breads.
Their breads are awesome.
If you are one of those whinny bitches that say, 'oh this bread is too hard' stay away.
First of all, you wouldn't know what good bread is if i hit you with a day old baguette.
Their bread is crispy slightly burnt on the outside and soft on the inside.
Perfect artistry here.

I am rapidly becoming addicted to a breakfast sandwich at bread crafters called the "Pork and Eggs"  What's so special?
It's just a ham and egg sandwich you may be thinking...but you are wrong!
This is a PULLED BBQ PORK and scrambled egg sandwich on a really nice piece of fresh bread!
It is craveable!
I think I'll get up early tomorrow so I can have another!

If you've ever been in the restaurant business, then you'll really appreciate this cafe, especially if you like fresh baked breads.
It looks like everything is created and baked in-house and they do a fantastic job at it.
It's well worth the wait, but it's best to arrive and order early as it gets very busy at lunch.

Nice place surrounded by many fast food places.
No grease here!
Breads are wonderful, but customer service was just ok.  Great pastries and part of the Belly loyalty program.
Super dog friendly as well with the outdoor seating.

I was afraid I wasn't going to be able to find the place, since I live just down the street but couldn't remember ever seeing this place.
Luckily I found it without too much trouble, on the corner of the strip center next to Julio G's.
It's a cute, small place, with cases displaying their pastries and boxes of to go salads.
Lots of great patio seating outside.
They seemed slightly understaffed for the steady trickle of guests - just one girl taking the orders AND running back making all the food - I saw a couple other people working, but had no idea what they could be doing, since she was doing it all.
(she was great btw and I didn't mind waiting for her)  I wanted half a sandwich with a cup of soup, which they do offer except it has to be a cold sandwich.
I also had my heart set on a hot sandwich that I saw on their website, but when I scanned the menu it wasn't even up there.
Oh well.
I got the half focaccia sandwich (turkey ham and salami with parmesan pesto) with the cup of chicken tortilla.
The soup was okay - it had potato, which I thought was odd, and they didn't give me any tortilla strips or any kind of topping for it.
The bread on the sandwich was awesome.
The meats were alright.
I liked the parmesan pesto (it definitely wasn't a pesto though - it was white instead of basil-green), but it was layed on super thick so I couldn't really enjoy the sandwich.
I got a scone to go (ended up not being very scone-like) and also a sliced loaf of the raisin walnut pecan bread.
I like the bread a lot.
Even though I didn't love my meal, I think I just got the wrong things.
I will definitely come back and maybe try a hot sandwich and another kind of soup.
They also do breakfast, so I will have to try that too.

Really like the food here.
A little expensive but a nice treat.

Best sandwich shop around!!
Amazing breads, fresh everything.I cannot eat a sandwich anywhere else without a little disappointment because they just don't compare.

A real bakery (items not frozen or pre-packaged).
Real small place.
Unique breakfast and lunch offerings.

Went here for lunch and had the SW chicken sandwich.
It was ok.
I wish I had gone with something else because other plates I saw looked really good.
The cookies looked pretty good so I had to partake.
I had a chocolate chip cookie called sweet dream.
The cookie was amazing!
I would give this place 5 stars for the cookie.
It was soft, gooey and had a hint of ginger - delish!
I'd go back, try something else and definitely have another cookie.

I used to love this place when I was in high school...they had the best sandwiches.
Well now, 10 years later (wow.
), the sandwiches are still very tasty.
I went yesterday with the BF for lunch and, despite a few flaws, it was really good.
I had a half build your own sandwich and a cup of soup and the BF had a build your own sandwich.
They forgot to put some of the items we asked for on both sandwiches....they forgot the BF's cheese and they forgot a couple of my veggies.
Additionally, I asked for the pesto on the side and it came out on the sandwich, so I was not thrilled with that.
Despite these errors, the food still tasted good.
We both had turkey sandwiches, I had mine on focaccia with a bunch of veggies and the BF had his on sourdough with bacon.
Both sandwiches had fresh ingredients and soft bread...very good.
I also had the albondigas soup which was a bit on the greasy side, but had a lot of flavor.
I'm glad this place has maintained its quality and I would definitely come back the next time I'm in the neighborhood.

This is our new favorite place!!!
We went for a breakfast date and it was just amazing.
The girls working there are so sweet and help so much.
Every time we go the service is amazing.
I was waiting for my husband there one morning and was sitting and the lady came over and was so sweet to ask me if she could get me anything while I waiting.
Their breakfast is fantastic, I especially love the sour team muffins.
No more paradise bakery for us!!!

Delicious sandwich, croissant was delicious.
I went after 1pm and many things had already sold out.

After reading all the good reviews I decided to finally give this place a try.
Came in on a Friday during lunch hour... Big mistake.
I waited about 15 minutes for one sandwich.
There was no where really to wait for your food the inside is very small.
I got a #6 it was ok I've had better.
Oh and they forgot my pickle....

First time here.
It's too bad the food is pretty good because the service is horrible.
It wasn't busy and the cashier girl gave us such an attitude as we were trying to decide which bread we wanted (it only took us 2 seconds max).
Food took awhile which is fine because you can't rush good food, right?
Well, then the cashier girl forgot one of our items, made me wait while she helped more customers that walked in after I waited in line to get the item, gave me more attitude when I asked her for it and the gave me the greasiest looking soup imaginable.
It's too bad the other food items in our order are pretty good because we won't be back.

Ive been dying for a place that has to go soups other than the usual over priced paradise bakery.
They have like 5 different soups everyday.. and they are open till 7pm  love this place.

Cool bakery, great atmosphere, delicious food.
But bad service - the woman behind the counter has such attitude.
Strange for a small bakery; you would think they would be so nice and friendly but nope.
All that being said, the sandwiches are fantastic.
I especially love the tuna melt here.

Breadcrafters has a small town cafe feel to it, despite being right across from a large mall.
Service was friendly and I was served promptly.
I ordered soup and a sandwich, both delish!
Yes, they serve your food on styrofoam, but if you can look past that, it's a great little place to eat!
I'll be back for sure!

The most amazing Southern Pecan Pie!
This Thanksgiving my family embraced the not too sweet but perfectly moist and delicious  pecan pie from Breadcrafters Bakery.
We all loved it!
Even those non-pecan fans...
If you're looking for wholesome goodnees and unique flavor, you must visit Breadcrafters Bakery and experience all they have to offer.
You will never be disappointed.
Enjoy!
Thank you Monica!

I love this place, eat here often for lunch and have ordered multiple pies, including an entire thanksgiving meal.
This place is a working bakery!
Arrive 5 minutes before close yes, they want to leave they have lives too.
They have been there since 3 or 4 am baking.
Come at lunch, to a bakery that serves lunch, yeah you will probably have to wait a few minutes.
This is not PANERA, the kitchen is real, the food is fantastic and the people are people not android bots.
This is a real neighborhood establishment where I have never had bad service, for awhile they knew my breakfast order and saved me my favorite muffin (Raspberry Sour Cream) gaining 5 lbs made me eat here less but it is a treat every time.
EAT HERE you will not regret it!!

Cute little bakery to stop for lunch or a sweet treat.
I drove by here after spending a few hours at the mall and was crossing to go to Best Buy.
Even though it was too cold to sit outside on the patio, I decided to eat my lunch in here instead of taking it to-go.
There was only about 6 tables with 2 chairs at each table inside but I came in during off hours so there was only 2 other people inside.
The menu is very simple with the available salads all inside the see through glass fridge.
I got the Monday special which was a soup and a salad for $8.00.
I went with the potato leek soup and the only salad available with the combo is the chef garden salad.
Both were delicious and fresh.
However, I got to choose from many different dressing options.
I went with the champagne vinaigrette and I asked for a side of balsamic as well just in case since I am trying something new.
One nice thing is that they have tons of little samples up front of their holiday foods and also chocolate bread to try.
They also have styrofoam cups with plenty of cold water and lemon wedges.
One down side is the lemon wedges are cut so small that I couldn't squeeze it in my water.
Next time I am in the area I may try some of the desserts!

Went to Breadcrafter's today, Sunday, and had a terrible experience.
Let me just say during the week the service is great, because one of the owners is usually there.
While the place was kind of busy today, we had to wait almost 40mins for a breakfast sandwich.
Not only that, but everyone was being served way out of order even though the orders were similar.
One lady waited almost a half hour for toast.
Another lady ordered a sandwich with no onions and had to send it back for onions.
When it came back it still had the onions, by then she was tired of waiting and picked the onion off.
A trio of ladies behind us quipped that they could have cooked every ones meal faster,  and being their first time said they would never come back.
The counter staff was just fine, but you could see the ladies in the back moving like turtles.
If I didn't know better I would think they were on island time.
While the food was tasty once delivered I was ready for a refund long before that.
Oh and when they said the food was almost ready they had to get it out of the microwave it was a sad day at Breadcrafter's.
Stick to the weekdays.

Not that everything there isn't fabulous, I must say that the Chocolate Croissant is the best I have ever had.
Huge, lots of chocolate and just ooey gooey goodness!

Great food.
Small dining area.

I found this gem on Yelp a while back and bookmarked it.
When I finally found the time to visit for lunch, it was only for takeout.
I called in my order based on the items from their website.
After viewing their website a few times, I thought they were part of a chain similar to Paradise Bakery.
When I arrived to pick up my order, I was in complete shock as they are not a chain.
According to the woman I spoke to, they have been around over 10 years.
(And I just now noticed?!
) My order consisted of a French dip for my husband and a roast beef melt for me.
Their dessert case looked delicious, so I added a chocolate brownie for good measure.
The woman behind the counter, who took my phone order, was both helpful and nice.
I thought perhaps she was the owner or had been working for the company a long time as she seemed to know a lot.
Once back in the office, I dug into my sandwich.
I really liked mine.
The roast beef was delicious and I really liked the bread but the overall flavors of caramelized onions, mushrooms and mustard really blended well together.
My husband liked my sandwich more than his French dip.
I admit the French dip was a little disappointing.
It was just bread, meat, and a small container for dipping sauce.
It was a lot of bread and meat and no cheese.
We've definitely had better French dips.
However, the brownie... oh, it was amazing.
It was super soft and fudgy with a dark chocolate frosting on top.
Super decadent and would love to eat another or ten.
If in the area, I would definitely go back and try more of their sandwiches and desserts.

This review is for Breadcrafters as a Cafe.
As a bakery, it had a very limited selection, at least by noon on a Saturday.
Breadcrafters is a "one-of" (not a chain) breakfast and lunch place just east of Paradise Valley mall, and it is a good one.
The real key to good sandwiches is good bread, so a place like this that bakes their own can have a big advantage -- if their bread is good.
In this case, it is.
Furthermore, the ingredients within the buns are fresh, tasty, and plentiful.
Special kudos to the tuna melt (not fried - just melted cheese), and a delight containing chicken and cheese.
An inventive mojito bar for dessert worked too.
Because it is fairly small, it can get crowded at peak times and I imagine that service could slow down a bit.
However, we waited only seven minutes when it was half full.
With its pleasant outdoor seating, as well as indoor, Breadcrafters is the best of class for sandwich places in Scottsdale-PV.

The sandwiches are always delicious here!
The breakfast...not so much.
I went in this morning at 830 and 70% of their baked goods were gone....not to mention the lady working the counter was a grouch.
She also made my coffee completely wrong.
So...if you make your way to Breadcrafters, stick with lunch!

An small interesting place to try.
I liked the French toast.
We did not like the chia tea.

Went here today - very very small place - they are not able to handle a crowd, so go during slow times.
Seats are outside, with only 6 seats inside and very very crammed in...The homemade cookies are not super sweet and very good.
Had a legend trail and double chocolate chunk.
They have breakfast as well as lunch.
Their bread is homemade with out all the preservatives and contain the simple ingredients - flour, eggs, yeast, sugar, water no soy and no junk.
We had a party of 5 the patio outside should be a little bigger as it is hard to move around when it gets crowded like today.
The #7 which is a veggie sandwich was very good, and big a whole sandwich can feed two people comes with a pickle.
The egg and bacon sandwich was also very good and comes with strawberries.
Nice place to stop for a quick bite, the chairs are uncomfortable and the space is very crammed, once it gets hot outside not sure where people will go as they have limited tables inside....Pretty good food and great bread but needs more seating options to enjoy the food.

I love this little cafe!
It has such a positive, friendly energy and the food and service are excellent!
Everything is freshly made, nothing is pre-packaged.
Very little indoor seating and ample outdoor seating that's shaded and cute.
Definitely on my "Keeper" List

I love to come here for breakfast!
The pork and eggs sandwich is no longer on the menu (boo!
), but they will still make it for you if you request it (yeah!).
I recently switched from the blueberry muffin to the blueberry scone (to save calories and sugar, right?!
), and I was not at all disappointed.
Their chai tea latte is the best!
And I've ordered pies from Breadcrafters during the holidays, and everyone loved them!

Stop for breakfast this morning  the portions were good the quality was not there.
The food was delivered cold and on the tray to us and not place in front us on the table.
The girl was not focus on customer service.
In today market were you can pick from many places for food  i look.
for quality, and price.
They fail today in both areas.

Unhappy customer here!
I ordered orange scones (apparently they don't do plain scones???
) for a tea party for my husband's niece.
I  called in the order in about a week before the party.
Picked the order up on the day of party, only to find out that they had made cranberry scones.
I hate cranberries.
I pointed this out, and their response was they could make some, but they would not be ready until the next day.
Not helpful since the party was that day.
Come on guys.
Not only that, but they weren't really scones.
Scones are a little on the hard side hence the need for cream and strawberries.
These were more like big flat muffin tops.
Big fat cranberry muffin tops.

I love this neighborhood gem!
They have fantastic salads and sandwiches.
Their bread is the best!
They are a little on the pricy side, and when it gets busy you might wait a bit for your food, but everyone is hustling.
One of my go to faves.

Real fresh baked bread and if you don't arrive early they may be sold out.
The raisin walnut pecan bread is delicious for sandwiches and toast.
The sandwich selection is vast and you can request anything you want on them.
Half a sandwich is often enough due to large size.
I don't like the soups, too much pepper in most and don't expect that in navy bean.
The pastry selection is worth going for especially the fruit tarts and the legend cookie.
Pies are fresh and delicious.
Great for take out.
Eating there only in good weather to eat outside.
Not much room inside.
Really worth supporting Monica and Angie.

I've always driven by this place, but one day decided to stop in.
This place is adorable, with cute desserts in the case, along with delicious looking salads.
This definitely would be a great place to meet up with a girlfriend and have some desserts!
They have outdoor seating, which is the majority of the seating provided, that is thankfully shaded.
Stop in for a bite for lunch, some dessert, or even some fresh bread!

Stopped in for an iced tea and ended up buying a chocolate croissant and a loaf of bread!
The croissant was delicious.
The tea was fresh and not bitter.
Their menu looked great.
I'll definitely be back for food sometime soon.

