Of course there seem to be a million and one Subway shops but I wanted to make special mention of the shop near Target, next to Paradise Valley Mall.
I went there on Saturday to grab a quick sandwich on the go and they had a special on roast beef sandwiches on Saturdays and it was really good.
The meat was cold and tasted fresh, the toppings were fresh and actually had flavor.
The bread was very good, honey oat.
And the service was surprisingly good.
I was greeted as I walked in the door with a hello.
I didn't have to wait.
They were gracious and smiled at me, friendly, helpful.
And when I left, they said goodbye, have a nice day....
I was shocked, I never get treated this well at Subway.
My sandwich, I ate in the car, but it was very good.

Subways are supposed to be very uniform, but this was not.
The meat was mediocre, nothing tasted fresh at all.
And to top everything off, the employee insulted me, and my clothes, and was hitting on my sister.
It was a very unpleasant experience.

Your basic subway, the staff is fairly friendly

I takes about 3 minutes for me to walk to this subway from my apartment....and it is always worth it.
The guys that make sandwiches there are the best in the business and they are always so friendly and polite.
If you go late enough they will even give you freebies...because they are only going to throw them out anyway....so they just give them away.
We all love something free...and if you don't then shame on you....LOL!!!
Seriously though this guys rock and I will past many subways just to give these guys my money because they show you love for real.
So if your ever in my hood over here near paradise valley and Cactus Rd....need a sandwich...and if you late enough coming from the club or a party and want some freebies as well....visit this locale you won't be sorry.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!

I love this location and I am glad it is close to my home.
The service is always great and the food fresh and tasty, the friendly staff takes their job seriously and know how to please their customers.

This place is great.
The staff is very friendly and helpful.
The sandwiches always fresh and tasty.

I eat lunch here almost every day!!
!The staff is extremely friendly and the food is great.

I thought the sub way was clean and the service was good.
Long lines sometimes but for the most part pretty good

I love this Subway.
Everyone is always nice and pleasant, I've been here twice and both times the bread was soft and fresh which most of the time when you go to subway it's stale or just not good at all.
I'm glad this location is near my job :)

