Family owned.
Walk ins or appointments.
This is guaranteed the best place to get your nails..not nail...done!
You can also get waxed.
The people that work here engage in talk with you and are really nice.
The owner Nhan is a funny sarcastic guy.
Any person who gets their nails done by him is in for a laugh.
This is a high end nail salon.
Cleanliness is the key to keeping this place working.
All machines are cleaned after use.

This place has the happiest Asians I have ever met in my entire life.
You literally walk in the door and they all yell Hello and giggle for 3 minutes.. And who doesn't like to be greeted by smiley happy giggly Asians?
I certainly dont mind.
Splendid Nails has been around for as long as my mom has lived in this neighborhood, which is at least 11 years since I've been coming here since my first prom.
I believe any nail shop that can stay open that long is pretty impressive.
The owner, by far, gives the best mani/pedi's .. and she is also one of the funniest people I have ever met in my life, but to be quite honest, I have never received bad service from any of the ladies that work here.
Ive even gotten full sets here that lasted through football games and softball scrimmages, which is hard to find.
They also give a great eyebrow wax too if this is what you are looking for.
The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because one time I was in there enjoying a deluxe pedi ($32) and the fattest grossest man in Arizona walked in looking to get his "toes cleaned up"... Every single person working in there literally sighed in disgust and clearly started talking shit in Korean.. not that I didn't find this mildly entertaining, I just thought it was kind of, rude, because you could tell dude knew what was going on.
Disgusting clientele do exist, but its uncool to make them feel as such.
IMO anyway.
Anyway, these guys are great, certainly give em a shot if you reside in the 85306.

I've been going to Splendid Nails on 32nd St. and Thunderbird since 2001, everyone there is so great and have never given my a bad manicure, pedicure, nail tips and/or wax.
They know what they are doing.
They are funny, caring people.
I agree with Nikki F., never complain, in English anyway, but I know a couple of them personally and they don't judge, we have intelligent conversations and both men and women there are great.
Everyone I've recommended there, which are many, have always returned and said only great things as well.
I've also sat next to people that have felt they are the greatest.
When I travel, which is often, I make sure I get my nails done before I go and when I get back.
If I'm gone for more than needed to get them done, I'm always disappointed and overcharged.
I've also never gotten an infection from the nails, if I gotten nail tips, and if I have gotten nail tips, they last a very long time, no coming off.
I rescue dogs of all breeds and used to work and live on a farm, so I'm pretty tough on them and my feet.
I highly recommend this Splendid Nails on 32nd St and Thunderbird to anyone of all ages, for all events...or just to get your nails done.

My best friend and I stopped in here for pedicures a few weeks ago.
We had a short wait, maybe 10 minutes, but then we had a great experience.
She had hers done by the guy (owner, I think), and I had an older woman (his wife, maybe).
Both of us were very satisfied with the cleanliness and friendliness of the staff.
It was only $25 and that included the extra callus treatment, a must for AZ people who wear sandals/flip flops a lot!
I will definitely be back soon1

This is the best palce for nails and pedicures.
I've been going here for 10 years and I love it.
There shop use to be down the street from my house and then they moved up north and I followed them (which was a 45min drive) but well worth it.
Young always does my nails and he always remembers exactly hows I like it so I don't have to tell him when I want them shorter.
I am very picky about my nails and I've tried to other little shops by my house but they only end up lifting or breaking.
Not to mention my acrylic fills last alot longer when I get them done here.
Plus people always compliment me on my nails wherever I go, even when they are three weeks in.
So even if you don't live in Paradise Valley it is worth the trip to get your nails and a pedicure done.
Plus the prices are reasonable.
I have to say I moved to California and I've already tried 5 different places and none of them compare to Splendid Nails.
I miss you guys.

I have been here a few times and I will continue to return.
Here are the key reasons:  -The staff is friendly and fun -There is a price list posted.
(is it weird that this is important to me?
) -The shop is super clean -There TVs are usually tuned to the Food Network!
-Lastly, the prices are great, but be warned; there is a $1.50 charge to use debit or credit card.
Next time I come, and I will be back, I will be sure to have cash handy.

I love Splendid Nails!
Each technician is a highly skilled artist.
I treat myself several times each month to mani-pedi combo, in between services, I dream about my next trip.
I cannot say enough about their skill or customer service.

The only reason I gave a 4 star rating to this place is because I really like Young, the owner and the only one I trust to do my nails.
He is really good with gel manicures, for the most part mine have lasted me over two weeks.

I unfortunately did not enjoy my experience here.
I was greeted by a few Asian men, one assisting 2 girls, and one watching tv.
They told me to sit at the nail station and I would be helped shortly.
A little Asian girl came out from the back and asked me very few questions before getting started.
She went to put the nail on to start my acrylics, and she dropped a couple on the floor and attempted to put them on my nails.
Then she didn't use enough glue, and the nails kept falling off before she was able to shorten all of them.
There were a few other Asian employees there who were all talking in their native language, and completely ignored me.
One of the men said sorry, that they were telling jokes.
I was not happy with the cleanliness, professionalism, or their manner.

I used to come here a long time ago when I lived in the area and since I recently moved back to this side of town I decided this was close and I'd start coming back here.
Well, unfortunately I won't be coming back here ...
Ever.
And here's why...
I came in today as a walk in and was asked "what I need" and I said I wanted gel, then was told ok "one minute" and so I went over to the seating area to wait, as I knew "one minute" was not going to really be one minute and that just meant I had to wait, a strange way of Asian nails places to get you to stay and wait?
When really I'm usually okay with waiting and expect it if I don't have an appointment.
It's be nice if there was more accuracy in that regard, but oh well I'm used to it who cares right?
Whatever so I'm sitting there waiting and 2 girls walk in and seem to have been familiar faces to the owner (so I assume) up front, the same guy who "greeted" me (if that's what you want to call it) there was "hi how are yous" exchanged and they were asked what they want they said "both wanted a full set" then were told to wait over in my direction.
They came sat right next to me and as he was finishing up with his customer and she was paying he yelled "would you like a pedicure too" and I assumed he was talking to me because I was next right?
But before I could say anything the girls answered yes.
So he went back to his station and motion to come over and sit down, again I'm thinking this is me because I had been waiting and therefore I was next (or should have been) the two girls said quickly "both of us?
" And he shook his head as they got up to walk over there and sat down.
At this point I was like really?
That's not cool.
It's one thing that I was skipped but another thing that I was not even acknowledge nor did he say "I'll be right with you" or something of the sort.
Kind of rude, but I continued to sit and wait for him or someone to motion me on over but as I looked around and realized that was not happening any time soon, I just got up to walk out.
As I was walking out he nearly screamed at me "WAIT JUST ONE MINUTE" again and I politely said "no thank you" and continued out the door.
Obviously he took precedence over the two girls, one because they were familiar customers, and two because they were spending more money than me.
I came in gym clothes with no make up on and looking kind of haphazard from working out... Had I been all dolled up I have a feeling I would've been treated differently, based on how I was treated alone.
It's too bad because I am a loyal customer who is in the service industry myself, therefore tip very well.
WORD OF ADVICE: you should really think about they way you do business, especially when there a 15 other nail salons within a half a mile to a mile radius.
Thanks.
But like I said, NO THANKS.

I've been going to splendid nails for as long as I have lived in Phoenix.
(six years) They also have a location in the Paradise Valley Mall.
Both locations are clean and friendly.
They prefer cash and debit but will accept a credit card.
There is a small fee for the credit card.
The charge is only for credit.

So, I felt the need to add my reviews to this nail salon on here.
I have been here a total of three times.
All three were bad experiences.
I have found another nail salon just down the road that I absolutely love.
I will recap all my experiences.
The very first time I went there, I walked in and they asked what I wanted.
I told them I would like a gel manicure.
They told me to sit and wait, but it would be just a few minutes.
About 10 minutes later, a lady walked in asking for a full set.
They asked if she had an appointment, she said she didn't.
She sat for maybe 5 minutes, and someone came over and got her to start her manicure.
I, however, continued to sit and not be helped or spoken to.
Finally, the owner started speaking in their native language to someone and pointed at me.
Eventually, they did get around to me.
But I was very annoyed at the whole situation.
I went in by myself for my birthday present to get a pedicure.
It was a very young guy who speaks perfect English.
He got annoyed when I asked for the deluxe pedicure instead of the regular one he suggested.
He got even more annoyed when I asked for a french pedicure.
He was very rough with my feet.
I told him not to cut my big toenail because it gets ingrown if cut not just right.
Well, he cut it and it got ingrown and hurt me for 3 weeks before it grew out again.
In making small talk, he told me he was just  divorced and had a 6 month old little boy.
As I was walking out, I heard him telling the next person that he had a 3 month old little girl.
I mean, it's not a big deal.. but just knowing he lied to me is awful.
I went back a week later for a gel manicure.
Unfortunately I had the same guy as my previous experience.
He cut two of my cuticles and made them bleed and hurt for a long time.
No apologies.
I was watching the tv behind him and he was massaging lotion into my hand.
I noticed him staring at me.
Normally when someone realizes you're staring at them, they look away or say something.
He stared at me for a good 30 seconds before I said, "What?
" and he finally looked away.
It was just a very uncomfortable experience.
In the end, it forced me to find a new nail salon.
I will not return here, and I don't think anyone else should either.

I used to go there all the time because it is right around the corner from my house.
They are all so rude and the pedicures are short and very expensive compared to others.
Last time I went was 6 months ago and spent $65 and wasn't happy with anything!
Swore Id never go back.
They don't listen and over charge!
Well today they were the only place open so I thought everyone deserves a second chance so I went back.
Again pedicure was horrible and expensive.
The young guy is always so rude.
I asked him to file down my nails.
They are so crooked it's not even funny!
Waist of my time and another $60!
Never again!
Unless you've been going here forever they will treat you bad and overcharge you!
Find another salon fast!

Not sure I would even give this place a 1 star.
I visited the one in paradise valley mall.
The girl wouldn't talk to you other then tell you to move your feet.
It's the worse pedicure I have ever had!!!
She cut my cuticle, grated of to much skin causing it to bleed on both feet.
The bottom of my feet are raw and it looks like my 7 year old niece painted them.
When I called back to let the owner know they had cut and made me bleed all I got was oh sorry.
I will never be going back here!
Horrible pedicure!

