Oh man, I don't know if I should write this review.
I was shocked to even find a listing for this place on Yelp.
It was a long time ago, so who cares, right?
Plus, I'll be the first to review it- so woohoo, time to over share!
I was a rebellious 14-year-old and I had just graduated from 8th grade when I asked my mother if I could get a tattoo.
I never dreamed she would say yes.
When she did, I stood there with my mouth open wide and nothing to say.
I think my brain had to be rebooted from shock.
I went back to my room pondering whether or not this was some sort of poker game where my mom was calling my bluff.
If you knew my mother, you would be shocked too.
She put me in etiquette school at the age of five, FIVE!
She kept a home so clean it was showroom worthy.
She put me in piano lessons, dance lessons, singing lessons and even baton twirling lessons for God's sake.
That night I considered the possibility of alien life on our planet.
Fast forward two weeks: she actually signed a consent form... and I actually got a tattoo, at 14.  Who tattoo's a 14-year-old?
I had to wear tube socks around my grandparents for years to hide my ankle.
There was little Morgan, on family vacations, wearing tube socks in the swimming pool.
I had to make up excuses, like the bottom of the pool hurt my feet, so that my family didn't think I had some sort of mental disorder.
In the end, it is so small that I forget it's even there.
It also reminds me of my powerful persuasion skills.
I mean, that year I talked my mother into letting me get a tattoo and my 8th grade English teacher into giving me an A from an F on a paper I never turned in.
Yeah, I'm pretty awesome.
Everyone should make this mistake once.
Whenever one of my drunk friends yell, "lets all get tattoos".
I say, no way, I already made that mistake.
Plus, I was young enough that I didn't have the guts to get anything big or life changing.
Who the hell knows what I would've inked on my body had I been 18.
I could have ended up with a tramp stamp!
I should mention that the guy did a good job, even if nobody can tell what it is (it's fun to let people guess).
The shop was clean and they definitely were gentle on me, as they should have been considering I was just 14.
Only 3 stars because I got my tattoo over a decade ago and that guy is probably long gone.
Also, nobody should ever tattoo a 14-year-old, even with parental consent.
Final thought: Hey kids, two lessons- 1.
While your mother is going through a divorce (or two) you can pretty much talk her into anything.
Here is the place to go if you really wanna piss off your family.

Great place!!
Very friendly staff.
I told Leland my idea and he drew it and it was perfect.
He even helped touch up another tattoo that I had and did not like.
Highly recommend this place.
5 Stars  It is not letting me mark the stars for some reason.
I give it ALL 5 STARS!!

I took my best friend to get her belly pierced for the first time and I went in for my fifth and sixth one.
Mike was completely professional and accomodating to my scared bff.
The place was clean and the vibe was delightful.
Sometimes you go into one of these joints and get the cold shoulder from stuck up types.
Not here though.
Five stars across the board!

Jucebox or whatever his name is, is a bad artist.
His hand is too heavy and the others I've known to get tatted by him come out with scars.
Don't do it go to someone else for your own good

I had to go back after my belly did not heal properly.
Mike changed out the piercings per my request but I had to pay for new jewelry.
He made it out to seem that the sides of the belly button are harder to heal and that I may not be cleaning it properly.
I ended up having to take out one of the piercings because it was so bad so now all I have is two scars there.
I've had my belly pierced seven times before with no issues.
Oh well.

