I feel sort of strange reviewing a bank, but it is a place I frequent often so it seems ok to review.
Plus, at my old job, my crazy boss dealt with SEVEN different banks of which he had me personally take deposits to each (sometimes on the same day, fun drive...not) so I feel well qualified to judge it in comparison to other banks.
Anyways, on with the review already...I love Desert Schools.
I don't see myself ever switching to another bank for any purpose.
I have been banking with them for 4 years and have never had even one issue.
In fact, they often resolve issues for me, such as removing those nasty little NSF fees.
I always have a really pleasant experience when I go in, all of the tellers are super friendly and are well-trained.
I also never have to wait in much of a line.
In comparison to the several other banks I used to deal with, I feel that DS takes the time to educate each of their employees far more than other banks.
I also feel as if they don't pressure you to open other services.
Many of the the banks that I used to deposit at for my old boss would constantly hound me about opening up another account, or line of credit, etc.
If anyone talks about bank issues, I always find myself raving about my wonderful banking experiences!!!
Thank you Desert Schools for being awesome!

ahhh....Desert schools.
This was my first checking account, I was 16 and just got my first job!
They were a great bank, always helpful and friendly.
They didn't have 24 hour customer service which I needed, I have pretty decent memories from banking with them but I won't return since they don't meet all of my needs.
but i definitely recommend them for opening up your first account.
i also didn't like that there were few and far between locations compared to larger banks.

we opened several accounts here at desert schools because they are a credit union not a bank  what i don't care for is the cold environment the staff are friendly enough and knowledgeable services will do   the environment though is more cold than one of the big banking institutions  i like they are local to arizona though so we'll stay!

I have been a member of the credit union since 1986.
I have had basic accounts, car loans, and other loans and have gotten the best interest rates around.
Never have had a problem.
Service is great too.
I am always asked when I go in (which is rare) if I need an extra check register.
That is really nice because I usually do!
Then they give me 2!

This place is the worst for loans.
It took four times for them to get my auto loan correct.
Of course its always someone elses fault too, I never really got a straight answer as to why I had to come back 4 times to close the loan... Its enough for me to switch banks & I've banked w/ them for ten years.

Had a membership savings account with them and didn't use it for some time (it is a savings account afterall!).
After recently taking a look, they had been taking 10 dollars a month from the savings account for limited activity.
They stated we should have received something in the mail notifying us, however, we never did.
We are still trying to get all our money back.
Beware if trying to save money in a savings account!

Updated since they did finally give our money back.
Still beware.

There is something wrong when you try and use a shared branching system and you are told that you are second rate and will have to wait for all the other customers who are members to be helped before you will be helped

I do not recommend this bank due to terrible customer service, terrible website.
Unfortunately I am attached to them at the hip with a mortgage until I can refinance.
They literally have the worst bank website I have ever experienced.
All you can really do is check balances.
It usually takes multiple calls to get anything done.
They repeatedly fail to send documents properly likely because they dont know how to properly update addresses.
I have called many times to get addresses updated and it always reverts.
I get the feeling that the employees dont care.
The only reason that I would recommend would be to keep you money in a local bank since the big guys like Wells Fargo, Chase, Citi, JP Morgan etc are crooks.
Stick with well rated banks like USAA.

Do not use,  Manager Danielle in the call center is the most rude shady person I have ever talk to in my life.

I've been a long time Bank of America customer, almost 15 years which is upsetting cause either I'm old, started working too young or a combo of both.
Either way the people at Desert Schools are amazing, they actually seem to care, are personable and seem to be looking out for the customer.
Also there is a chuck e cheese nearby which is where a kid can be a kid, so thats a plus.

