Never.
Again.
(at this location)  Friday night was rough.
On the way back from the bar I blew out a tire and changed it on the side of the road at 2 AM.
By the time I got that taken care of and got everyone home it was nearly 3.
I was spent and needed a little sustenance.
Taco Bell is almost closed, so where else to go??
I channeled the old college student within and went to Whataburger.
Whatamistake.
Come to think of it I've had a couple sketchy experiences at this location (i.e., undercooked meat etc), but alcohol and/or exhaustion must have clouded my judgement.
Being the ONLY customer in the drive thru, getting a single burger should not have taken this long.
I would say it may have taken longer since they were adding a slice of cheese they so graciously charged and additional .45 cents for, but wait, they neglected to put it on at all.
After taking one bite it all became clear.
It took so long because they must have been shaking a salt shaker above it for at least 5 minutes.
Gross.
Never.
Again.

This Whataburger is like stepping onto the set of Cocoon.
The average of the diners has to be over seventy.

I have eaten here several times.
The burgers are always good.
I went there last night around 9 PM.
I order a double meat hamburger.
I must say it was one of the best I have eaten in a while.
The service was above and beyond what one would expect from a fast food restaurant.
The workers were very friendly and offered to refill our drinks.

Old school seating is well preserved at this location, and the breakfasts are still among the best for fast food - pancakes made fresh on the griddle and not microwaved like other places.
Staff is friendly too.

They make it the way you like it.
This location has been solid for a few years.
I don't come her often, but when I do, It hits the spot!

I occasionally come here for late night food, Their is always a long wait but it's expected considering it's late night and half the workers have already gone home.
The prices are a little steep, not too bad though.
Can't really say anything for the inside as I haven't been in there in many years.

Whataburger with cheese and an order of onion rings is the most comforting of comfort food meals I can get at any restaurant.
Been eating Whataburgers since I was a kid going with my dad, who ate them for decades before me.
Yup - guess you could say I'm a second generation Phoenix Whataburger-er.
It's the only fast food I crave.
Their fries are awfully good too.
I think they still use real fat.
And where else can you get a diet Dr. Pepper to go with your 2 Million calorie  meal?
All the Whataburger restaurants are good, but this one is my central go to location.
They always get my drive-through order right and are friendly.

Liked how when they brought the food they brought a tray of the ketchups to choose from.
Employees aren't that nice and don't really look like they are enjoy their time working there.
Place is dirty and really outdated from the hard wood spinning chairs.
Like how they have hand sanitizer though.

