Excellent service.
I was very happy with my gel nails.
They people who work here are VERY friendly and nice and made me feel welcome.
Their prices are more than reasonable too.
I've been to some very fancy nail places and some not so much in the way of ambience.
This one is not too shabby, but the attention to detail while doing my nails was exceptional, and the fact that they didn't rip me off or try to add extra charges on (like most nail places do) made me feel that they were honest and clear about their pricing.
A gel manicure for $20 I was sure there was going to be some kind of extra charge but there was not.
Keep it simple and fair, way to go!
:)   PS.
I also noticed she used what looked brand new tools.
Either that or they were just very very clean.
Another Plus for this place.
I'm glad I came here.
I will definitely be back.

Great pedicure in a nice, clean shop.
Reasonable price too.

How on gods green earth does this place have 5 stars?
I had the worse experience today and would never, ever recommend this place to anyone.
They had extreme police videos on Spike tv on full blast the whole time.
I always bring my kindle to nail salons to read while I get my pedicure and could not concentrate at all because the volume was so loud.
The women who was doing my mani and gel pedi was way more concerned with the tv than my nails, to the point that she cut me while trimming my cuticles.
I had to tell her that I was bleeding before she even noticed, she had literally just been watching the tv for about 30 seconds WHILE USING A SHARP OBJECT ON ME!!!
I dont know about any of you, but when I go to a nail salon I want to relax a little bit, not listen to sirens, gun shots or a narrator talk about how long people will be in prison for trying to kill their husband... maybe I am crazy though?
The gel manicure itself was horrible, 4 of my fingers have polish along the back of my nail bed and my pinky does not have any polish along one side.
I tried telling the women while was doing the mani, but she just kept shaking her head and say it was fine, I am pretty sure she did not understand me.
After she was done, I politely said "I am very unhappy, this is not the type of manicure I am used to.
" She said, that she thought that they looked great and acted as though I was crazy.
All the workers at this point started talking and the owner came over.
She was young, and clearly lacked experience in customer service.
She did not offer to fix them and said I had to pay.
I gave her my credit card and told her I would never be back.
HORRIBLE!!!!

My niece recommended this place when I asked her where she got her set done.
I was pleased that the nail technician asked me a lot of questions about how I wanted my nails done before just doing her own thing.
You would be surprised at how many salons do that :/  Anyways... the prices are great and they do a lot more than just nails.
I would recommend this place to anyone who needs a good acrylic nail place.

