If you want all-you-can-eat Chinese food, Lim's Chinese Buffet is the place.
It's been my local favorite since I was a kid, as this was the quickest and easiest place for my mom and I to dine.
Who can pass up all of the Chinese food you can fit in your gut this fast?
Lim's offers the unlimited buffet all day long or you can dine right off their menu for food made-to-order.
A large take-out plate is only $5.65 plus tax and that gets you everything on their buffet line except the drink.
If you'd rather pick and choose, be sure to let the know when you pay and they are more than happy to let pick the items you'd like.
Lim's is the best little Chinese food place in Northeast Phoenix.

BARF BARF BARF  Quite possibly the grossest food I have ever eaten.
The chicken lo mien was made with spam-ish meat product-- Does that make is Spamish meat product lo mien?
I ended up eating just white rice and soy sauce with egg rolls--- can't mess up fried egg rolls right?
I did have to salt them though, they were pretty taste-less.
The ambiance is less than desirable as well, our plates never got cleared and the amount of unshowered people sitting near me made me want to go home and take a hot bath with all the soap in the world.
I will not return to Lim's and I suggest you not go either.

good food.reasonably priced but the most foul smelling dirtiest rest rooms you can ever find !
i hope they add more items to their take-out menu as choices are few and gets to be boring at some point.

Lim's Chinese Boofay is a throwback china boofay.
If you want seafood and spring rolls and vegetables and no MSG, you'd better head elsewhere.
If you remember going to a china boofay in 1979, back when nobody knew or cared that Chinese people never eat this stuff, and you loved the kitschy decor and salty fried food, then Lim's is your place.
I'll bet that the recipes and decor are the same as they've been for the last 30 years.
You've got your requisite fried rice, lo mein, beef/broccoli, sesame chicken, sweet&sour pork, egg foo young, eggrolls, fried chicken, and maybe a couple of other items beyond that.
Everything was cooked not so bad as far as the consistency on the Crispy-Greasy Spectrum, but had so much msg that my mouth literally had a buzzing feel when I left.
Not a taste, a FEELING, left over from the monosodium glutamate infused cuisine.
Blech.
The Discard Pile was actually tiny for the sesame chicken, but instead of honey it was flavored with syrup--cheapass imitaion ''maple'' corn syrup.
Still, I must admit it was lean chunks of white meat chicken, and was my favorite if I had to pick a poison.
S&S pork looked lean, with large chunks of nonfatty meat, but the insides were a little gristly, and each bite in had about 20% come back out onto the Discard Pile.
Seems like they tried to keep it lean, though.
In the entire boofay table, there was hardly any color from veggies.
All I found was some icebertg lettuce and coleslaw in the cold section, plus brocolli in the beef&broc, carrots and onions in the S&S, and some white cabbage and a few onion pieces in the lo mein.
That's about it.
Oh, the egg rolls had cabbage inside, too, and Are the old school thick skinned, bubbly deep fried and mushy, not the spring roll thin skinned crispy kind.
Lim's had some decent flavors and I created a small Discard Pile, so could be a 3Star boofay by getting rid of the msg, using honey instead of syrup on the chicken, and adding a bunch more veggies into the mix.
$6.25 lunch ($1.50 more for a soda) was not worth it, no matter how much volume you shove in.
Still buzzing from the weird msg high.
No sir, I don't like it.

It's 1-Star, it's 5-Stars, it's 1-Star, it's 5-Stars.
WHAT?¿?
I'll give the critics that this place looks scary & dinky on the outside, but once inside it's actually mid-sized; a little worn, but I found it comfortable... funky but chic, as David Johansen would say.
Of course the real questions are, "Is it 1-Star, or is it 5-Stars?
Should I have brought my friends with me, or an ambulance?
"  From the look of the outside, I was thinking I'd better have the ambulance lined up, at least, but I settled for dialing 9-1 on my cell (ok, figuratively speaking), & lurched in through the door.
I washed up in the CLEAN bathroom, & started with my usual appetizer, Hot & Sour Soup, which was feisty!
It's a good thing they give you a big glass of water!
Back at the (infamous) serving line, there were 31 main trays.
The salad was good, with some interesting Chinese non-cucumber round things there to add in, & their Honey-Mustard dressing was excellent.
Now fried rice is FRIED!
You can't make it without some oil, people!
With that said, the pork fried rice was just fine, & it was NOT GREASY!
...And the infamous, "Spam Lo Mein?
"  The others forgot to tell you that it's GOOD!
(& no, of course it's not Spam!
To me, it tasted much closer to USDA Reconstituted Meat Byproduct Protein #4...  Ok, "Spam" for short.).
Moving on, there were the WORLD'S BEST FRENCH FRIES!
How did THAT get left out of everyone's reviews?
(The potato sticks are dipped in a Tempura batter & then fried to be crispy outside but soft in the middle...  Really good!
)  The staff?
Friendly & appreciative!
The service?
Excellent!
Server lady picked up my zillion empty plates as I ate, & kept my drink full.
That's all there is for co to do when it's a buffet!
So the place was empty, right?
NO!
It had LOTS of customers for the size of the place, especially on a Tuesday morning.
Lunch Buffet:  $6.25 - I think it's real good.

"Don't judge a book by it's cover"!
Well your momma always told you this growin' up and it still holds true today for this little gem.
From the outside this strip mall is a little run down, but don't let this fool ya.
I have personally been going here for twenty-four years, and the food has always been consistently  good.
In fact their sesame chicken is probably the best in the valley.
The atmosphere inside isn't fancy/stuffy but instead warm and inviting.
The staff is attentive and friendly, and has been owned by the same family for twenty-five years.
The neighborhood and cliental have changed over the years but a good value for your money hasn't .

The BEST fries in town!
All other items are very good, everything is fresh and hot which is a plus @ a buffet.
Been here for over 20 years, they must be doing something right.

What is it about the anonymous Chinese buffet that draws me, like a moth to a flame, knowing full well that I will be disappointed?
I suppose the 2 or 3 good experiences I have had, ever, at any Chinese buffet, anywhere, have spawned within me an eternal optimism - that I will stumble into a beautiful buffet table full of home-cooked Chinese food, tasty and tasteful.
In reality, it seems that 98% of Chinese buffets serve the same stock dishes, with varying levels of mediocrity.
The orange chicken here was actually tasty; everything else was greasy, super salty, and, sometimes, lukewarm.
There were about 8 dishes total, with the usual fried accouterments, plus the worst sushi I have ever had in my entire life.
If you are desperate and pressed for time, this place will do - otherwise, avoid, and spend your $7 somewhere else.

The only reason I'm even giving this place 1 star is cause it's the lowest I could go, if you care at all about your health you will never dine here.
yeah it's super cheap but you get what u pay for, garbage

Been going here for 22 years.
The people are the same the food is the same, but the restaurant itself has improved over the years.
It's cleaner and nicer although the decor is pretty much the same.

If you're a pot-smoker, then you can relate to this.
Even if you don't smoke pot you'll still relate.
You're hungry.
No, you're starving.
A sudden onset of the munchies so pronounced, you're willing to eat almost anything.
You pour through the fridge searching for anything, but all you can find are some leftovers from weeks ago, whose vintage looks now resemble a science experiment.
You know you'll hate yourself later, but God help you...you've got to eat something.
Anything.
In your shark-like eating frenzy, you microwave the orange colored shit, setting the timer for double the time you normally would, reasoning how the extreme heat should kill off any new strains of life-threatening diseases.
You go to sleep afterward, and later awaken to the feeling you've just done something horribly wrong.
If you've ever experienced that feeling.
That cathartic moment when you ask yourself; "why did I just do that?
" You'll experience it at least one more time if you eat here.
There's another reason I don't like this place.
The server, upon noticing how my plate resembled a chicken-bone graveyard of sorts, unceremoniously and very swiftly demanded I eat 'moh vegtubul'.
I don't care for places where the server scolds me like my mother used to.
If I want to dredge up those memories, I'll go to a shrink, not Lims.

Great food been coming for a few years.
My grandson loves it.
especially the servers.
and the price is just right!

We were looking for a different chinese place but when we got there it wasn't open yet so we gave this one a try.
This is an older place, kind of a hole but I noticed that the staff was cleaning the entire time we were there.
The waitstaff was friendly.
The food was ok, it wasn't exactly good but most of it was edible.
$7.25 for the buffet on the weekend but I think it's cheaper during the week, $6.25 or something like that was on the sign.
2 drinks, 2 buffets came to $19 and some change.
I wouldn't really recommend this place, they didn't do anything "wrong" but they don't do anything right either.

Great food at a great price.

Went here the other day.
It happened to be a Friday, and I noticed on the outside there was a sign saying there was sesame chicken and golden fried fish on Fridays.
Jackpot!
Not your typical buffet line, more like cafeteria-style, but you still serve yourself.
There is a sign at the beginning of the buffet lecturing you to eat everything you take, which I didn't see until after I had gone through once and had a small mound of dry, dry, dry fried rice on my plate that I didn't touch more than twice.
It really wasn't good.
The hot and sour soup was also a pass.
It tasted like nothing - just spicy and bland.
I added some soy sauce but it didn't help.
Several other items made up for this though.
The sesame chicken was GOOD, still crispy somehow, and white meat, really sticky.
I enjoyed it, even if it seemed more like a crispy honey chicken to me.
The fried fish was also good, they had some tartar sauce at the end of the line.
I liked the teryaki chicken with its sauce, and the lo mein (why are people saying it's spam?
it was definitely chicken).
The fries were also great, clearly homemade but good and crispy.
I'll probably go back here, especially if it's on a Friday.

If you're looking for 100+ food choices, waterfalls, sculptures, beautiful scenery, wifi, etc.. You might wanna keep moving.
But if you want a cozy mom & pop Chinese buffet, pull up a chair here..!
For a Chinese buffet, there aren't too many choices, but what they do make is excellent compared to some places I've eaten at.. Best fries in the Desert, just one of their fries looks like 5-7 fast food fries lumped together and deep fried, they are that massive and delicious!
The sesame chicken has a "shell" on it that is solid, but not rock hard..
It's more like a delicious crust on it..
The price is awesome as well, only $7.25 for Dinner buffet (drink is $1.75 extra) per person.. Less for Lunch buffet..

I been going to Lims for more than 7 years.
Their food is delicious.
They have the best fries,orange chicken,rice, crab puffs and chicken wings In town.
It's also super affordable and the waitresses are always super nice .
I highly recommend to take your family here .

If you are looking for decor and ambiance go elsewhere.
If you are looking for an abundance of choices on a buffet, go elsewhere.
If you want a quick and easy meal and you live in the area, this could be a go-to for either sit down or to go.
We noticed a fair amount of customers took it to go.
I don't blame them.
There isn't much to this place, but then again, it's a mom and pop place not a chain that has tons of cash to blow on decor.
The next day you may inevitably regret eating here, but I think that's pretty consistent with an Americanized Chinese food places where MSG may possibly be a main ingredient.
Overall Score: B almost minus

You know how some mornings you wake up just starving for some good Spam lo Mein?
Ok, well if you did you'd be out of luck anyway, because Lim's here doesn't have it anymore, or at least they didn't today.
(I only eat way up here every so often, usually if I'm coming up to shop at nearby IRCA.
)  Let's get two NEGATIVES out of the way first:  Something undesirable was going on with the toilet in the Men's Room.
Fortunately, I was only in there to wash my hands & they did have soap & paper towels.
Another minus, though, is that it's a one person bathroom with no lock on the door!
I alerted Mr.
Owner about the plumbing issue & he ran to check, but it's minus 1 Star from whatever else the place earns this time.
:-|  Ok, this is a mid sized-restaurant with plenty of comfortable seating choices including booths as well as tables & chairs.
The host couple are friendly & appreciative of your business & although the food selection is a little small at only 34 items (plus sauces & dressings) they make it fun to eat here by being off in their own world as to what to cook!
(Remember the Spam lo Mein?
)  On any visit, you're sure to see something that you've never seen anyplace else, & you're getting this from a jaded ol' Yelpie who eats at ALL of these places.
:-)  After a nice regular salad, some good-sized cold shrimp & two varities of Sushi it was on to the hot food.
I had some good Hot & Sour Soup, Chicken Chow Mein fixed right, tasty chicken prepared various ways, excellent all lean Sweet & Sour Pork as well as breaded, deep-fried pork steak that tasted better than it sounds.
Then there were other treats including their amazing "French Fries" which are diced potatoes deep fried in Tempura batter to where they're mashed potatoes inside & a crispy shell outside.
Yum!
All in all this was a very nice (4th?
) visit for me here, & it's 4 Stars this time minus one for the problem, and look at these low prices:  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $6.50.
Dinner + Saturday & Sunday all day:  $7.50.
I'll be back the next time I'm up here to shop at the great IRCA!
:-))

I love to eat at Lims!
My family has been enjoying Lim's Chinese Buffet for at least 28 years.
My husband and I have been married for 20 years and live miles away.
A few times a month we just cannot resist and drive out to load up on their Chinese goodness.
The vegetables are always cooked to perfection with just enough crispness.
The sesame chicken so sticky and delish.
My fav any day is the sweet and sour pork roasted, fried, then sauced.
My husband loves the jalepeno pork chops.
The service is always wonderful.
The folks at Lim's feel like family, except they are glad to see me.

At the age of 6 i was diagnosed with diabetes..
I am now 20 years old and i eat at lims every week, just recently i visited the doctor and he told me that i was cured of diabetes.
Lims can create miracles and is yummy

