I am a real estate broker and have worked with a lot of HVAC companies over the last 27 years.
Sun State is one of the best!
They are a family owned & operated business & they give tremendous service.
They will work till the job is done and will not try to overbill or do unnecessary work.
Top notch company!!

I found Sun State Refrigeration and appliance company a top notch company.
I had Home Protect Warranty company and they were the ones that recommended Sun State refrigeration.
I was very impressed by the prompt professional service I received from Sun State Refrigeration.
The office people worked great with my Home Protect Warranty company and the service technician was on time, very knowledgeable and was a pleasure to deal with.
The problem was fixed at the time of the first service call and was done at a very reasonable cost.
Five star company !!

These folks are terrific.
I had been having a problem with my AC unit - and had tried to figure out the problem after consulting two other well-known HVAC companies.
Sun was the only one who figured it out right away and corrected the problem.
They are amazing to work with.
I'd highly recommend them.
And - they show up on time.

I am really impressed with everything about the service provided by this company.
Beginning with the very helpful and friendly initial telephone interaction, and follow-up calls, to the knowledgeable and efficient service provided by the service personnel on the premises.
This family owned business believes in honest and fair service, and works on everything from residential to commercial refrigeration, whether HVAC or ice machines, refrigeration from walk-ins to major chiller units.
They took care of my problem quickly, efficiently, and with great communication by all involved.
Truly a pleasure to work with.
I will definitely use them again for all my HVAC needs, and (obviously) highly recommend them to anyone who needs service on any refrigeration unit.

Introduced to Sun State in response call for service to home warranty company, Old Republic.
Not disappointed.
From the very quick call back and quick response to the knowledgeable, efficient correction of the problem, just a wonderful experience with Sun State.
Sean and his assistant were on time and efficient in their work.
Making short work of my AC problem.
A quick check of 5 other units and corrected potential problems,ensuring a cool summer season.
Wonderful old world values of service and honesty.

We scheduled a tune up before the big heat really starts in earnest.
A two-man crew came out -- arrived on time -- and even called prior to give us a heads up that they would be on time.
Very efficient and knowledgeable.
They checked both our units and helped us understand how to better care for them.
Our units were in "great" shape and they didn't try to sell us anything or pressure us to spend more.
Very honest.
I believe they're more interested in the long-term relationship than a fast buck.
We will call them them again should we need help with our air conditioners.

Two words: Amazing service!
My husband and I were super worried because we smelled some musty smells coming from the A/C vents, and since we have a new baby I immediately was scared of mold in our house!
My husband called Sun State Refrigeration and Dorena was professional and nice.
Sun State Refrigeration was not only quick and prompt (they came to our house that within hours of our call), but they were professional and thorough with their examination and cleaning of our unit.
Luckily, we ended up not having mold, however, our unit was in need of a heavy duty cleaning.
Mark was amazing!
He went in and explained everything that was going on with our unit to my husband.
I had thought the unit had been cleaned when we first moved in four years ago, but it turns out that the original folks we hired had not done a thorough cleaning.
I am so glad that we called Mark and Sun State Refrigeration.
I now feel confident that my system is clean and my baby is safe!
I would recommend Sun State Refrigeration to everyone who wants an honest, hardworking and professional company to work on your A/C!

These guys were great!
They came over and fixed the issue quickly.
They even looked over a repair we had done on a different part of the unit a couple months before from another company, weren't happy with what they saw and fixed that too!
Good service!

very honest and professional!

