I have been dining here for 20+ years, and I hope it's around for 20 more.
=)  There's nothing fancy about Goldon Wok, it's a simple chinese restaurant in a strip mall.
The food is good, especially their egg rolls.
The prices are reasonable, and the owners are very friendly.
We often celebrate birthdays here with the extended family, and they are very accomodating for our large parties.
We'll bring in a cake for dessert and they are happy to provide us with additional plates and silverware at no charge.

This is what I get when I just drive by someplace and drop in.
I had a crazy hankering for Chinese last night so I deviated from my normal practice of researching a place before I go there and I am especially careful when it comes to Chinese places.
So I guess I got what I deserved when I made an impromptu stop at the Golden Wok.
This place hit the home run of bad restaurants.
Over-priced, bad service and horrible food!
I could have had PF Changs for what I paid at Golden Wok.
We ordered Lettuce wraps and the food was cold and I swear the chicken must have been 3 days old.
Awful.
Then I ordered Chicken Corn Soup because I love the way Abacus Inn in Phoenix makes theirs.
But again, the chicken was tough and the soup had no flavor.
Then we got our entrees.
I had Lemon Chicken.
I won't even go into how bad it was.
Just go to your local supermarket and buy a frozen sweet and sour dish and you will get the idea.
All of this cost me $50 and I drank water.
When you are in a location like they have you have to do something compelling to bring people to your restaurant.
Value priced food, exceptional service, or fresh ingredients.
But Golden Wok just wants to be another bad Chinese place.
Just like 10,000 other places in strip malls in the valley.

Nothing stood out about the place.
I had lunch here with a friend that is a fan of the place.
The lunch came and it was just fine.
Besides being quiet and appearing clean the place looked more Japanese than Chinese to me.
And the waitperson, well she was icy and abrupt.
I'm just not feeling that it's a place I will be wanting to revisit anytime soon.

Wow, I can't believe the poor reviews others have given this place.
I have been eating here nearly all my life and I maintain that it is the best place for Americanized Chinese food in the valley.
The food is consistenly good and they don't skimp on the proteins or veggies.
I challenge you to find a better eggroll (amazing and huge!
) ot fried shrimp.
Their Chow Mein and egg drop soup are the best I have ever had.
To top it off the have an awesome tiki drink menu- the flaming scorpion bowl and the zombie  rock my world but just be careful because they are stronger than they taste!

"Old School" Chinese food here.
I'm impressed with any lunch menu that emphasizes egg foo young (EFY).
In my opinion, EFY is a lost art of Chinese food, and their EFY is pretty good.
Classic brown sauce, nice patty, nice texture, hot.
A decent munch.
The egg rolls are large and tasty too.
A decent meal, a decent value.
I can see the loyal reviews and I can understand the poor reviews.
Comparing this place to PF Changs is not fair.
This ain't no corporate-chow-conglomerate.
It's just an old school Chinese place.
Get the Egg Foo Young!

Very tastey.
A bit pricey.
Very friendly atmosphere.

Theres nothing special about this place, just so-so chinese food you can grab on the fly.
Its not terrible, but i wouldnt choose to come here if i had another choice.

My husband and I have been searching for a good Chinese restaurant in the Phoenix/PV area for years.
We have finally found it!
We are now regulars.
The food is fantastic - delicious with generous servings.
The lunch combos are wonderful in taste, choice and price.
The wait staff is very nice, accommodating and welcoming.
The restaurant itself is very comfortable with large booths.
The location is very convenient, and the parking is great.
We couldn't ask for a better Chinese restaurant.
We are forever customers!
Love everything about it.
Can't imagine anyone not  giving this fantastic restaurant five stars!

I agree with most of the other reviews here...
Nothing stands out about this place, but the food is pretty damn good.
I've been here many times and have never had a bad meal.

Mediocre food.
Good service.
No need to return.

I love this place.
It's my favorite chinese restaurant .
Jackie is the best

Good food and good people.
Ordered pickup on they way between work and home without a menu.
The owner walked me through the menu - basically I asked if they had it and either they did or they would make it for me.
Cannot complain about that.
Food was good, not the best I ever had, but certainly better than most.

I look for two things when judging Chinese food - is it flavorful and is it "clean".
The dishes that I had at Golden Wok definitely checked those two boxes for me.
The Kung Pao chicken was the perfect balance of flavor and spice for me and I loved the Beef and Broccoli.
Both dishes were very "clean" also.
Not sure how to explain that exactly, but if you look for clean food,then you know what I'm talking about.
To top it off, the owners make you feel like family and I would equate it to a "Cheers" like Chinese restaurant.
Go their a couple of times, introduce yourself, and everybody will in fact know your name.

Always good and consistent with the freshness and quality.
They even customized their chicken broccoli to better suit my daughter!!
Very good service for both carry out and eating in...  My favorite over all other places for Chinese in the valley!!

We got take out from here, not expecting the best Chinese food in the world, but we were not expecting to get the worst!
We did not like what we got at all.
My white rice had a metallic taste to it, and the crab ragoons were very seafood-ish.
I got a beef chow mien.
The beef was ok but not great and we also got sesame chicken and they were very crunchy with little sauce.
I would not recommend Chinese food from here!

My absolute fav for Chinese food in the valley.
I know that everything is made to order since they are very accommodating to my needs - I'm allergic to MSG and I just switched to gluten free (they do have gluten free soy sauce).
I know there's many places out there that are not very accommodating or is pre-made, so I really appreciate that I can get exactly what I want.
My favs - crab puffs (they use real crab and not crab with a k), pot stickers, hot and sour soup, chicken wings, Szechuan hot beef, teriyaki beef on a stick, garlic shrimp, and anything kung pao.
I have also asked for items off them menu (salty fish, bitter melon, etc) which probably explains why I've seen Chinese people eating here too.
Best place for Chinese in town.

Consistently good food.
I'm not asking for frills here, just consistency with flavors and repeatability.
I understand they're not doing Gods work here, but what they do, they do well.
Kung Pao Beef?
Solid.
Egg drop soup?
As it should be.
Not every dining experience needs to be earth shatteringly brilliant, and thats ok.
If you like the basics of chinese cuisine, come here, as they wont let you down-  Unless you're a hipster douche, and cant be satisfied with something unless foie gras is involved.

I went here a couple weeks ago and got the sesame chicken.
I was disappointed when I saw that it wasn't chunks of chicken, but a boneless piece of chicken that was breaded, fried, and then sliced into strips.
The sauce wasn't that good anyway.
I won't be back.

Definitely not bad!
I eat here every once in a while because it's extremely close to my apartment, call in the order and drive right over!
Food is fairly consistent, the sauces they have are a little flavorless is my biggest complaint and almost everything is breaded.
A little pricey for what you get.
The staff is extremely friendly and makes you feel at home.
The inside of the restaurant is extremely comfortable, quiet, and clean.

I often hear from friends that there aren't any good Chinese restaurants around.
I then tell them that clearly they haven't been to Golden Wok.
While I agree with the other Yelp reviews that there may not be added frills to this restaurant, I also think that they have consistently provided tasty dishes and good customer service to any diners.
I rarely find myself having to wait when I go.
The prices are pretty average for dinner though the lunch specials are great deals for filling meals.
It is typically only $7 or $8 for a meal including a bowl of soup, fried rice, egg roll, and an entree (for lunch) and about $10 or so for an entree for dinner and steamed rice (not including soup, egg roll, or fried rice though).
I typically order Mongolian beef, sesame chicken, or chicken with broccoli (or vegetables).
All are great!
My only disappointment has been in ordering take-out where I haven't found the same quality of food (though maybe it is because I do not eat it quick enough).
Take out orders have been ready pretty quickly though.
Either way, I still recommend Golden Wok to any Yelpers!

This is a well-executed typical Americanized Chinese food spot.
My family has been going here for 20+ years, and while it certainly isn't high-end or anything out of the ordinary, it always hits the spot.
My favorite dish is the Golden Wok Chicken - so crispy and garlicky... delicious!

Wow, I'm surprised by the bad reviews.
Look, this is not a 5 star restaurant, but you get exactly what you are looking for:  Old School Basic Chinese Classics - check Reasonable Prices - Check Beer and crazy alcoholic drinks that you would only order in a place like this - check No frills - check That placemat that has the zodiac signs of your birth year - check  Think of your favorite Chinese Classic - guess what, they have it!

Best food I have had in a long time.
Host was energetic, fun and a great conservationist.
We will be going back soon !

We did not have a good experience here.
The food was bland and the quality of the ingredients was low.
The server was slow and when we got the food to go sauce leaked out if the bag creating a massive mess.
The containers just weren't able to hold all that bland flavor.
If a one star rating doesn't tell you to skip it, I don't know what will.

Food tastes alright but it's certainly not authentic.
Dishes were drenched in sauce, egg rolls taste frozen.
Only positive note is that it is a very clean establishment with polite service.

Awful.
All of the dinners came with the sauce on the side.
What the?
Ordered the Golden Wok Chicken and the General Tao's Chicken.
Again, sauces on the side (why?!
) and not much flavor anyway.
This was definitely the Bud Light of Chinese take out.

The best egg foo young Cantonese style and hot and sour soup.
Lovely atmosphere great food super service highly recommend this wonderful restaurant.

