2/2/11- Talk about going downhill!
Dunno know if it is a new mgr or what but when I get a roll with my salad and the bottom half is covered in black mold...EEK!
This little stuck-in-the-seventies place is the restaurant at the Belair Golf Course off of Bell Rd.
Its really somewhat of a hidden gem though if you're looking for regular ol' American food.
Its quiet, has a lovely view of the lake, peaceful, good service and above average food.
The breakfast is especially good with the chicken fried steak being my personal favorite.
Its actually real steak not some pre-breaded b.s.
I like the club sandwich for lunch- generous amounts of meat, fresh lettuce & tomato, hot fries- how can you go wrong?
My only reason for not giving it another star would be the decor.
Its perfectly fine, I guess.
It's clean.
Its just so seventies.
But, hey, go there to relax with friends, get a drink from the bar and soak up the seventies charm.

This place is so good.
The food is wonderful, the employees all know me by name, the atmosphere is laid back.
I love to go for breakfast, where my grandson and I can enjoy the geese and the other wildlife on the lake, the atmosphere is very peaceful, allowing for a great place to take a bunch of friends and actually be able to hear each while we enjoy great meals, and their specials are always tasty.
My only dislike ever, was their pasta, and that's a personal sauce preference.

My husband and I like to come here on Sunday mornings for bloody Mary's, its hard to find a cocktail on a Sunday morning so this is our to go place when we want to waste away a day

We were here for a reception type B day party next door.
I came into the bar to get more drinks.
The Bar was all regulars and that was cool, everyone knew everyone.
The bar tender was awesome, kept nice convo and kept the drinks full.
The restaurant was def outdated but looked to have some great specials.
I think there is a fish fry Fridays... may have to check it out.

This is the best little restaurant.
If you love The Place just up the road, you'll love Ironworks.
Friendly waitstaff, and a lovely view out the back, it's a gem hidden away on the golf course.
(My nephews like coming and looking at the ducks, roadrunners and geese.

Our club met at Iron Works - and it was fabulous!
The food was great, the room was private - and Elaine was super wonderful in catering to our needs.
We can't wait to go back and meet there again!
SLEEK Toastmasters loves this venue!

Got a burger here and opted for the onion rings instead of french fries.
Once the food arrived, after a considerable wait and empty water glasses, I instantly regretted my decision.
The onion rings were those skinny little fried, non-onion, onion rings that seem to be showing up everywhere lately.
While they are all fine and good on a burger, as a side they are a major disappointment.
The burger was pretty much a McBurger with a bigger bun.
I could have handled the average food if the service wasn't so lackluster.
Go for the golf, don't stay for the food.

Ironworks is a great spot after a nice 18 holes.
Exactly what you would expect, but a gem in the middle of the North Valley.

Wow.
A new local breakfast gem.
We go to "the Place" often and wanted something different.
This is tucked in the BelAir golf community and is the club house for the golf course.
Great food.
The usual suspects (Reuben, burgers, dogs, etc..) but great and local.
It's a bit dated inside, but so what?
Go!
Go!
Go!

When you first enter the restaurant the smell of stale smoke smacks you in the face.
The décor is so worn down I do not think it has ever been updated.
The view of the greenish/brown pond is the only relief that you get from drab run down dinning room.
Our waiter was inattentive and disorganized, we had to ask him multiple times for the same things throughout the meal.
Every time we asked him for something it would be 20 minutes before we saw him again.
He messed the bill up and it took him 15 minutes to fix it and another 15 minutes to bring change.
I ordered the eggs benedict which I thought tasted great.
My husband on the other hand ordered the chicken fried steak skillet which was burnt and extremely chewy.
Overall this was a poor experience.
The only reason I would go back would be to sit on the patio when the weather is nice and drink a beer!

I'm a tenured diner; Hospitalities is my game.
You might say I'm say I'm a "seasoned vet" when it comes knowing what works and what doesn't.
I dropped in the other day to hit a few balls.
Middle of the days - my style..
The scorching hot weather was too for me so, I called it a day.
I wasn't in the lounge more than 5 minutes before the barmaid politely asked me what I'd like.
Usually Ima vodka rox kinda guy but it was a little too early to all liquored up so I opted for my usual.
Beer.
I was hungry so I started with the Chili with extra caso - it was superb.
A little later, I had the Prime Rib.
It too was simply amazing.
The prime was cooked to perfection and the auju was simmering hot and helped savor the succulent juices.
I thought the wood place mate on the bar was a classy touch too.
I'd been there most of the day now  watching Family Feud, NCIS, Kelly & Michael and even Hoda and Kathy Lee.
What a terrific day of "day drinking".
The place is special and the regulars are nice too.
One guy in particular talked my ear off - can't remember his name though.
Overall, my experience was  terrific.
The food was delectable and the ambiance was very nice.
But by far the most compelling draw is the staff -especially the barmaid.
She was efficient, sincere, humorous, attentive, witty, charming, - a little flirtatious and cute as a bugs ear.
Will I return?
Absolutely and so should you.

Best Friday fish fry I have found in the valley!
Very much like a good Wisconsin or Minnesota fish fry... Great tasting and crispy breading.
All you can eat in some places doesn't mean anything because you don't want to eat any more, but here it is great because the fish is so good.
Friendly and attentive wait staff always make it a pleasure.
I drive 45 mins-1 hour from Gilbert on average 1-2 Fridays/ month to have the fish fry.

Came here on 12/16/2013 for a Christmas Party.
There was 32 of us at he event.
We had three selections to choose from off the menu.
Chicken Alfredo, Pork Chops and grilled Salmon.
Considering there was 32 of us the service we received from  our waitress was absolutely outstanding.
She put pitchers of water and ice tea out for us in addition to pots of hot coffee.
My choice of an entrée was the grilled salmon.
It was perfectly cooked.
Tender flaky and tasty.
It came with rolls & butter, A house salad, wild rice and green beans.
Everything was delicious.
My wife ordered the pork chops.
They also am grilled.
Carol had me try a bite.
The pork was succulent.
It wasn't dried out and was very tasty.
Not at all what I was expecting.
The dish came with rolls, apple sauce & broccoli.
FOOD: Everything was cooked the way it should be.
SERVICE: Absolutely superb.
PRICE: Prices were a bit high.
AMBIANCE: Nice clean environment.
CONCLUSION:  RETURN FACTOR100%.
******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?
********************  5 stars -Highly recommended.
I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business.
It is that good.
This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!
4 stars - Highly Recommended.
I would frequent this business.
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad.
Just average.
I wouldn't mind going again.
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business.
I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too!
DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH

I was excited to try for the Friday Night Fish Fry after watching the yelp reviews.
Pulled up at 6:30 and a line so it must be the real deal.
Gave my name to the hostess and told maybe a 15 minute wait which was perfect as my son and his friend would not arrive till then.
45 minutes passed and I checked with the hostess as I am noticing a few groups being seated who arrived after me.
This time the hostess was not the young girl who took my reservation but an older lady who advised me I had a long wait as I was last on the list and at least 6 groups ahead of me.
Some how they must have made a mixup but I would not mind the wait as it must be good.
Finally 8:10 pm we are seated and quickly served water and menus.
I asked about the fish and was told it was all you can eat Fresh Alaskan Pollack, Cole Slaw and French Fries for $9.95.
Alaskan Pollack is not too bad white fish, similar to cod where it's namesake Atlantic Pollack is not the same species and is somewhat a slim white fish with color close to the skin and an off flavor, mostly ground and used in fish sticks and imitation crab.
While the fish was cooked nicely and the french fries crisp, the fish was not Alaskan Pollock and had the off taste of its namesake from the Atlantic.
Service was scatter brained from the hostess mixup to the server who had the memory of a gnat and took us the last 15 minutes to get our check.
Just by the sheer number of guests I think I just hit them on a bad night and maybe their fish provider made a mistake this week.
I will head back to the Peoria Cafe for my fish next Friday as it is always good but I can't help myself to try new Friday night fish fry's over the Valley.

I went here for a birthday party last night and was pretty underwhelmed.
First of all, when we got here this place was SLAMMED, like no room to breath because of their fish fry and Lent (I guess?
) and most of the clientele were older people.
As the night went on, the crown thinned.
I didn't eat the food, so I can't comment on that, but I had a few drinks.
At the beginning of the night, the drinks were not very good and hard to come by.
They did get a little better (could be based on my choices... started with a tequila sunrise that wasn't so good, but later got a coffee with Bailey's which I liked).
The best part was the price, very inexpensive with drinks costing about 5$ a piece.
So, this was just kind of okay.
My main complaint was the karaoke.
They clearly had favorites and picked the same names over and over while others didn't get to sing at all.
We were a large party and were dropping serious money here, so I thought they would be a bit more welcoming and fair with our group.
I get that they have regulars, but still not a good excuse.
I can't say that I would come back here unless invited by someone else.

Came for breakfast,  but when I saw the roast beef sandwich with green chillies and cheddar cheese, I opted for that, and boy, was I happy!!!
I find it surprising this sandwich is difficult to find in Phoenix,  so when I do find it,  it is a must try.
Probably the best I have tasted -- lots of lean beef, thick full strips of green chilli, medium cheddar, nicely done grilled bread not dripping of butter (hate when grilled sandwiches are greasy with butter/oil).
Every bite was hot and delicious.
Hubby ordered the chicken fried steak, eggs and hash browns.
I am not a fan of white gravy,  but this one I liked -- it had flavor,  imagine that!!!
The breading on the chicken fried steak,  was very light, crispy and seasoned perfectly.
The steak was not chewy, either.
.. good point here as a chewy steak just turns me off!!!
Hubby loved every bite, especially the gravy,  he is a fan of country gravy,  and said it was the best he had had.
It was a great experience,  and we are eager to return -- hubby wants that meatloaf!!

Great food, great service, I was a regular until I moved to the other side of town.
Get the Eggs in a Nest!
Nancy the waitress is great, Louis the cook is a hoot and the food is great.
Oh and the steak Caesar salad!
I could swim in that dressing!

