While polite people, I must say that it is a complete half job.
I purchased this on Groupon, and $200 later (discounted from $350) the "dusting" consists of using a feather duster.
Everyone in AZ knows that doesn't work, so now I'm $200 poorer and still have dust.
Buyer beware -- also, their website says they don't give price ranges, only exact numbers.
Guess what -- they give ranges.
UPDATE: I just now see a response from this owner well over a year after I posted this and NONE of it was discussed with me.
Feather dusting discussion???
Really????
How about 100% of the people who hire a cleaning company just want dust gone, not the method.
And yes, we did talk specifically to this owner who tried to shake us down for more money with the same lie - as you can see from the other poster Britny I paid well more than she did.
We TRIED rectifying with this company but, as everyone can plainly see, they wait well over a year to respond to their customer -- and then do it with complete falsehoods and lies... but at least they'll try and justify their poor job with "dusting techniques".
Updating my recommendation: Avoid at all costs.

Groupon Buyers BEWARE.
Along with Steve, I am also extremely disappointed in the lack of cleanliness here.
I purchased the $75 Groupon (thank GOD I didn't waste anymore than that).
When I was contacted they said they would be at my house for one hour, because that was what was included in the Groupon.
We have cameras in the house due to a previous untrustworthy cleaning lady and could see that they were here today for 36 minutes total.
During those 36 minutes they cleaned: the floors, and dusted an end table.
That's it.
Not the bathrooms, they didn't even wipe down the counter-tops.
The entire house was untouched except the floor and that one end table.
Not only that, but the floors weren't even clean.
I took a clean wipe to them when I got home and came up with a dirty, dirty wipe.
I was using this as a test to see if I would use them in the future for bi-weekly cleanings.
Needless to say, that won't be happening.
And I will be attempting to be compensated for my $75 wasted.
Best of luck to you.
An Update for you: they did come back and clean my house, and did an AMAZING job.
What a house SHOULD look like after 4 people cleaned for an entire hour.
However, due to the lack of professionalism the first time around, and the outrageous pricing without a coupon I will not use them again.

A to Z has been cleaning for me since 2007.
They have never missed an appointment and always do the job I expect.
I am very happy with them and would not leave for anything.
Shawn the manager always seems to be there whenever I need something and makes it work out.

I've never used a housekeeping service before, and always thought it was silly and wasteful to pay someone else to clean up my family's mess.
However, after having a baby and some surgery and moving into a new house I decided to splurge on a groupon for this service.
My husband was here when the crew came and says they were friendly and efficient and gave the full amount of service that we paid for.
When I came home, I was relieved to see my home looking so much better.
I appreciate the work they did and they took a big load off of my shoulders.
Thanks!

I have used A To Z Housekeeping a couple of times and have always been happy with the results.
I appreciate the professionalism and excellent customer service: appointments are routinely confirmed, and you will receive a call when the crew is on the way.
The cleaning is not entirely perfect (there are some cut corners, such as parts of my rugs that didn't get vacuumed), but overall, the house is clean after they have been working for an hour (and I'm pretty discerning...).
The ladies are nice and cheery, and they do get quite a bit done.
This is my favorite cleaning service: others I've used just don't feel right.
This one does.

1st time user of A to Z house cleaning...NEVER AGAIN...total ripoff.
Went through DealChicken for $150 worth of cleaning.
They sent 4 people and spent 1 hr... My 2 main areas were 6x10 small bathroom with shower (no tub) and Kitchen.
We live in a 1,700 sq ft patio home.
(we are a neat/tidy older couple) The one girl that did the bathroom must have been hiding in it instead of working.
She did a terrible job in the shower (it had no glass shower door to clean) no grout was cleaned and she missed one small tile built-in shelf.
The small seat was not touched at all.
She was supposed to polish & wipe down the cherry cabinets on the bottom of the vanity.
The cabinets were not touched.
The floor was not mopped.
She left debris that should have been vaccumed .Sooo the ONLY thing she did well (or at all)  was clean the toilet and the sinks and wipe the mirrors.
When I mentiond to the supervisor I was unhappy with the results she didn't seem to have an answer to why the floor & cabinets were not touched & so little work was done in there!
The other room I was concerned with was the kitchen.
I wanted the cabinets wiped, tile floor vaccumed and mopped and the kitchen ceiling fan cleaned.
The ONLY thing done were the cabinets wiped down.
The kitchen fan was left dirty, Dust from it covered the floor.
The tile floor was untouched.
Sooo the ONLY thing that got done in the kitchen was wiping down the cabinets.
I went over with her what my expectations were when she first got here, & she agreed that both rooms could be finished.., She assigned the tasks to each worker...
I was shocked at the incomplete job and the big mess they left...I never could figure out what the other 2 women did?
The supervisor should of had 2 people in the bathroom working & 2 in the kitchen if they were going to send 4 for one hour...
It was so unbelievable what I got for the $150 value.
A word to  A to Z  don't send 4 people for one hour.
Only the kitchen worker (the supervisor) did a good job on the cabinets.
But..that's all she did.
She didn't complete the rest of the kitchen.. As far as the other workers are concerned the quality and amount of work they did was very much below par.
It did not measure up to the $$$  This company should be ashamed.
I will be discussing this "deal" with DealChicken.

