When I was a dancer I always came here for everything.
Shoes, leotards, skirts, and accessories.
They have every type of dance shoe and a wide variety of everything dancers need and want.
I'm not sure how many dance shops are in the area, but all of my instructors always recommended this place which is not very close to our studio.
The staff is all very kind and knowledgeable which trust me is a very good thing.
Dance shoes can get confusing!
There are at least three different kind of tap shoes!
Dee's also has costume rentals so if you ever need a crazy costume at the last minute Dee's can help you out with that too!

I guess this place would be okay if they know you.
If you're not in their computer,forget about buying shoes here.
It doesn't matter if you know your size in a particular brand,they still won't sell them to you without making a specific appointment... Really?You're a retail location with an unlocked door;allowing the public in,but you need an appointment to buy stock shoes????
Or,did you just not want to sell to me?
I realize I'm not your typical demographic,but understand you lost an almost 200.00 sale in the first place,in the second place,I will never be back,nor will I sing any praises to any other dancers looking for shoes or anything else.
Maybe you have all the clientelle you need.
If that's the case,lock your fucking door and only allow in whatever chosen few you deem worthy.
It's a shame Phoenix is so limited in certain areas that shop keepers can come up with insane ridiculous rules because they know they corner the market on specific goods.
I realize some might say"oh,but these are special dance shoes and must be fitted properly"..I get that...If someone had never been fitted,worn or bought prior....
But I knew what I was looking for as well as the size.
If that is the case as well,they sell them online... Do I need to make an appointment to buy them online too?????
Useless bullshit.
Oh,PS; I did go elsewhere and was able to purchase what I needed with no goddamn appointment,no hassle and no princess attitude.
I ended up buying more than just the shoes,which is why I can say that you lost an almost 200.00 sale...
I was in and out in less than half an hour as well.
If Macy's demanded appointments to buy clothes,everyone would be running around naked.
That's probably not  attractive as reality that you might imagine...

Thank you Jamie for the great customer service.
I had come into the store on a Saturday to buy dance tights.
The next day I found out that the tights I had purchased for the shoot were the wrong kind.
I called the store around noon shortly after they opened to see if they had the style and size that I needed.
The woman on the other end checked and confirmed that they did.
I wasn't sure if I would have time to make it by the store that day so I just thanked her for checking.
I didn't ask her to hold them or anything.
An hour later I decided that I needed the tights for the shoot.
When I went into the store, Jamie saw me looking at tights and said, "Did you call about the nude fishnets?
I set them up here for you just in case.
"  NIce!
She opened the package and let me stretch them to check them out and make sure they were the right kind.
I ended up choosing a different pair based off her suggestion and I love them!
She exchanged the tights I had purchased the previous day with no trouble.
I noticed that there are some lousy reviews of this location.
I would say that my visit on Saturday was average, but when I returned the next day Jamie provided really great service and based off of that, I would return.
Thank you for your help, Jamie!

Do not go here.
Horrible costumer service.
Return policy from the dark ages...even on unopened nonpersonal item bought just hours before.
Surprised they think that they can still treat people this way when there are so many other wonderful options.

Just had a wonderful experience at Dee's.
They were very understanding of my daughters body shape and fitting her into a leo that fit her beautifully and left her feeling confident.
Could not have asked for more-

I would say this place is average.
Customer service was good.
The selection of dance wear was pretty good.
It seems like they might get new shipments every few days.
I will disagree with their return policy which is why the few stars less.
There is no refund  even on unworn things.
It's either exchange or store credit.
Just not a fan of that policy.

