I have rented fro A-Z a few times in the last couple years.
Mainly for yard maintenance equipment but they also have party supply items as well.
They have always have what I need.
Their staff is friendly and knowledgeable.
Their prices are fair.

I like going here to rent my tools.
Besides being close they seem to have pretty much anything I need.
The staff is friendly and doesn't hesitate to answer any questions I have.

These guys rock!
Super fast, very inexpensive and they rent all kinds of cool toys!
A+ all the way!

Great experience!
We rented plates and martini glasses for a party and it couldn't been easier.
They were friendly and helpful on the phone.
Pick-up and drop-off were a breeze and...  apparently, between the time we placed our order and the time we picked the items, the "market price" had dropped and they gave us a much lower price.
I would definitely recommend!

Great customer service, will do business again!

I worked mostly with Becky in the party rentals dept for my wedding and she was great!
I rented table linens, chair covers & sashes, and pipe and drape.
She was very easy to keep in touch with and helped answer many of my questions.
I had originally planned on renting 4 outdoor heater for our ceremony which was in January, but called the day before to cancel them once I realized that the weather would be perfect and we wouldn't need them.
This saved me $200!
Becky had gone home sick that day so I spoke with Sheila and she was also very friendly and helpful.
The delivery guys brought everything to the venue 1st thing in the morning and since no one was really around to tell them where to set up the pipe and drape one of them gave me a call to inquire.
I don't recall his name but he was kind on the phone and understood my instructions.
In the end we were missing a table linen (not sure how) but Becky told me not to worry!
The pipe and drape provided wasn't as high as I was originally told but it turned out fine.
I would definitely recommend them to anyone!

