Came in to have glasses repaired.
Ended up with cosmetic damage on the exterior of the frames.
These are $600 frames.
Repair tech offered $10 off, but frames are still damaged.
Did not make the customer whole after ruining the cosmetics of the frame.
Will not repeat business here.
Beware of the condition of your sunglasses before you drop them off...they will surely come out in a much different condition after they are "fixed.

Super friendly and attentive to the small things.
Had frames repaired months ago.
Went back in because a different screw came loose.
The same gentleman replaced it for free and tightened up all the other screws.
I know it's a small thing but most places these days would fix what they have to and move on but I really appreciated the little extra time it took to make sure I was taken care of.

Replaced the screws in my glasses in less than 10 minutes.
$10.00 90 day guarantee.

I had two pair of RayBan sunglasses that needed to be fixed.
The first pair had bent frames which the gentleman fixed within a minute.
The next pair had bent frames and a cracked lens.
All my options were explained to me without any sales pressure.
I had lots of questions about polarized replacements and color options.
The sales person patiently explained all the details and allowed me to try the lenses available.
Clearly, this is a place where they are the experts in the service they provide, they are friendly, and they provide a great value if you want to get your glasses fixed instead of replacing them.

Horrible.
Tried to charge us $50 for a small fix and when we didn't want to pay that and started to leave screamed and insulted us.
Don't go to this place, it is a rip off and the help is the rudest I have ever come across.

Fast!
Repaired three mangled pairs of glasses in under 10 minutes for under $20.
Great service and super fast!

I am at that age where glasses are now needed!
:( Aki made everything a breeze.
Eye exam, frames, lenses as well as taking the time to educate me on what the different lenses and frames were and how they affect me personally!

