My mom, two sisters, two nieces and I went in to find a wig for my little sister, who is fighting stage 4 small cell cancer.
The lady who helped us was great about finding different wigs to try based on what my sister said she liked.
She was very kind, encouraging and sensitive.
The shop itself has ALL KINDS of wigs and hair do-dads to choose from!
Wether you're shopping for a costume party, some fun hair accessories or if you or a loved one is looking to feel beautiful in the midst of cancer, Wigs Amor is a great place to shop!

.. Wht  a Treat it  is 2 come here :D :D   The Charming Hospitality and utmost attention 2 customers different needs always brings us back 4 more HUGE Selection & darling Finds only Her shops can deliver with such gracious prices and FABULOUS STYLE !
TY Kara & Much Blessings 2 U & Urs !
GOODnewsAz

I purchased two wigs here - the second one started looking very ratty after a few months so I took it back - I was told it was because it was a standard cap and I probably wanted a mono cap - I had no idea there was a difference.
The owner just brought a wig out and told me it looked the best (I agreed).
Had I known there was a difference, I wouldn't have chosen it.
I found another one that I liked but when I asked if I could exchange and pay the difference I was told no, they don't take them back.
Then the owner disappeared when I started asking questions, leaving me with her employee who told me she disappears all the time when there is conflict.
This owner is only interested in selling wigs and not in educating the customer or making sure they are happy.

This place sucks , poor service, she never once looked at me.. just kept looking at what ever she was doing at the counter , seems like they could care less if your in the store or not... And 10$ just to try on a wig , I wouldn't pay to try clothes on I'm sure not paying to try a wig on... 10$ for each wig you try on !!
Business's trying to make a buck where they shouldn't  usually end up loosing a buck.

