Wow!
For those you who can't stand waiting in the waiting room of a doctor's office and feel your blood pressure raising by the minute feeling like yet another doctor's office gives no consequence to the importance of your time since they are double or triple booking their appointments, this office is for you!
Clean, modern, nicely decorated waiting room.
Efficient front office staff.
Misti Barteli, D.O.
was efficient and friendly.
I did not feel rushed.
I felt like she would have answered any questions had I had any.
My appointment was at 1:45pm and I was out by 2:20pm.
Made me so happy!
Why not  a 5-star?
The front office staff could have been a little friendlier.
They were efficient but I felt like I was barked at, just a little.

I have been going here for a good 10 years (followed them from their old location)   The girls up front are always so friendly and even though I only see them once a year they know my name and genuinely seem happy to see me.
Rosey is so nice!
The nurses are nice enough from the interaction Ive had with them.
I generally see Gretchen and she is AMAZING!
She is like the cool aunt you love to go shopping with!
She answers all questions thoroughly and really makes the whole experience as easy as possible.
Great office!
I recommend them to anyone who asks!

I agree with Kirstin's entire review!
I too followed them from their old location & have been going here for about 8 years now.
The current location is very nice & clean.
The girls up front are nice but Rosie is by far the sweetest.
I used to see Dr. Silvia Castro for my annual but I think she has been pretty busy with her new baby & other patients, so for the past 2 years I have seen Gretchen.
She is amazing!
Such a sweetheart & really does take the time to listen to any questions or concerns you may have.
My only gripe with my last appt on 1/4/11 was that I had to wait 45 minutes before I was seen.
I understand things can get busy, especially at the beginning of the year, but it can get annoying to wait 3 times as long as your actual appt time itself.

I have lived in Scottsdale for about 3 years now and I have had such a hard time finding good doctors.
I have had bad experiences at almost ever doctor's office I've been to.
When I went to Cornerstone Women's Health I was so pleased.
The office staff were so nice and efficient.
I got lost and showed up late but I didn't have to wait at all and they weren't rude about my late arrival.
I saw Dr. Pelopida and I thought she was wonderful.
She didn't act rushed and she listened to me thoroughly.
She was very personable and knowledgeable.
I was very pleased with the entire experience and I absolutely recommend this practice.

I've been a patient of Cornerstone's since 2004, when they were at their old location and there have been times I've considered leaving to find a different practice but Dr. Pelopida and Gretchen are the reason I stay.
Negatives: I felt the ultrasound tech was a little cold when breaking the news to me that my 8 weeks pregnancy was not viable.
She simply left the room and came back and told me I needed to talk to a doctor.
A simple, "I'm sorry, but I have some concerns and am consulting with your doc" would have done wonders.
I was told that person has since been terminated.
I find the front office rude and always have.
Positives: They have a new NP on board who does nothing but step in when others are running behind.
I always opt to wait for Gretchen or Dr. Pelopida though so I haven't met her yet.
Gretchen is the sweetest, most adorable, lovable person in the world.
She makes PAPs so not awful.
She is very informative and compassionate.
Dr. Pelopida is that perfect balance of compassion and to-the-point for me.
Honestly, I look forward to seeing either one of them and given the type of specialty they are, I think that speaks volumes.

I came in upon a friend's recommendation for my annual check up.
It was the basic drill.
Check in, paperwork, wait, pee in a cup, wait, see the nurse for vitals, undress, wait, see doc, dress, blood work, pay, reschedule.
Clearly, those are a lot of steps with different people in different rooms of the office.
The problem is that no one bothers to tell you where to go or what to do next.
If you are brand new to the office, you better buck up and figure it out yourself.
Don't bother asking for help.
Asking questions only irritates the staff and they aren't shy to show you that they think you are stupid for not knowing their exact urine sample procedures.
Grrrr!
So the doctor was nice enough...no complaints on that front.
The girls in the blood lab were really the only people with any personality, compassion or care at all.
I ended up getting a follow up call on the blood work that turned out to be nothing thankfully.
However, I was appalled at the process.
They left and abrupt, alarming and very vague voice mail.
When I called back, I got lost in their automated system and then put on hold for an eternity.
They finally asked me who had called me...needed the name of the nurse.
I was like..."I don't know.
Can't you look me up?
Don't you have a computer?".
After much haggling  I finally spoke to someone who could tell me what was wrong with me.
Well, that's an overstatement.
I asked a couple of elementary questions and the lady couldn't answer a thing and recommended that  I go to WebMD to get answers.
Really?
So, I came back for a follow up visit, hoping the experience would be more pleasant.
It wasn't as bad, but certainly substandard.
Coming to the lady-doctor isn't my favorite thing to do.
It's not comfortable or enjoyable.
A good practice in my opinion would compensate with outstanding customer service.
Cornerstone could use a little...er a lot...of training in the way of customer service.

I was a first time patient.
I called to confirm my appointment time two days before.
I showed up 25 min early to do the paperwork, etc.
After 45 minutes of waiting, I went to the front desk to check in again only to be told that my appointment was actually scheduled for 30 minutes after the time they had confirmed with me!
Apparently, I (and all new patients) am not adult enough to understand the instruction to show up early for paperwork, so the front office took the liberty of dealing with my presumed incompetence by telling me my appointment was actually 30 minutes before it was really scheduled!
Not surprisingly, I was pretty irritated after waiting for 1.5 HOURS.
No apologies from the front desk and no efforts to fit me in - in fact when I went to check in 1.5 hours after arriving, I had to stand waiting at the desk for almost 5 minutes before anyone would even talk to me.
I live abroad and had no other option for getting my yearly exam in the 9 day window I had left in the U.S. or I would have left.
I would have written the office off completely, but Dr. Pelopida was wonderful - very kind, easy to talk to, professional and kind.
She was patient and took the time to answer my questions while also making sure I left the appointment without being too late for my next meeting.
So Cornerstone actually deserves no stars - unprofessional and unhelpful staff with no understanding of customer service.
However, Dr. Pelopida was a 5, so it rounded out to a 2.5 over all.
Given the frustration and waste of time, though, I had to round down.

After reading other reviews on Yelp about this place I was literally terrified to go here.
However, it was the most convienent for me and I figured if it really was all that bad I could change at any time.
I had a very pleasent experience.
Everyone was more than helpful in helping me figure out what I needed to do and where I needed to go.
The nurse was wonderful, she was very thorough made sure to answer all of our questions and was very kind.
In the frist few words she spoke she was able to calm my nerves.
The appointment ran much longer than expected but there were a lot of steps.
So just as a forewarning - this first appointment for me ran 2 1/2 hours!

Okay call me a little crazy but, I called in to make a pregnancy appointment...
Your FIRST appointment is with a Nurse practicioner!!!
And than it's 4 weeks till you see a doctor... Im 8 weeks and I have been VERY high risk in that past.
Eff that noise!
no no no way!!

I have been a patient of Cornerstone Women's Care since I moved to AZ in 1999.
Dr. Lance Holeman is fantastic.
The NPs are wonderful and caring, especially Gretchen.
And when Dr. Holeman stopped taking new pregnancy patients, I absolutely loved Dr. Castro.
She was actually pregnant the same time I was.
She also filled in for my first baby's delivery because Dr.  Holeman was out of town.
For anyone who complains about seeing an NP, please realize that they just as qualified to see you and the doctors oversee all patient documents to make sure things are going right.
And the gal at the front desk is so pleasant to people who come in the door or call on the phone, even when it seems things are running behind (which does happen in a doctor's practice.

I was recommended by my Dr. here.
I waited 3 weeks for my appointment because of The paperwork for first Appointment.
I get to my Appointment and they tell me a different time "we would have to re-schedule" If it were't for the other assistant she wouldn't have even asked the Dr. To try to see me.
She was very rude and acted very immature.
I wish I would have gotten names, I'm 22 and really the ladies there are much more immature than me..
Except for one..
I wish I had her name.. Keep it up.. For the rest, you need new staff..

I have been very happy going here.
This is my first child and I was referred here by a friend who also goes there.
They have all been very pleasant.

Still like the place, but no wifi really sucks when you are stuck here for a 3-4 hour glucose tolerance test!!!

I've been a patient of this clinic for over 10 years and although the doctors and NP's are AMAZING, their office staff drags this whole clinic down.
If you call here, be prepared for major attitude.
They act as if you're bothering them and they seem to give the smallest amount of effort possible.
Need an rx refill?
be prepared to wait for a week or more.
Have questions for the nurse line?
have fun waiting for that elusive call back.
It seems to take them over a week just to find my file (and really after over 10 years of being a patient, wtf??
) They said it's because I changed my name when I got married-I got married almost 4 years ago and told them so at my very next appointment (and every single one after that one)  It breaks my heart to leave the doctors but just dealing with this staff for a once yearly appointment has left me with some really crappy experiences.
I even spoke to Dr. Holeman about this (and even relayed that Yelp had several bad reviews talking about this very same issue)  but he seemed reluctant to even get on the phone with me about it and I felt very patronized during the call (which is surprising, normally he's a very caring doctor!
)  My husband and I are working towards getting pregnant this year and I just couldn't bear the thought of having to deal with them for my prenatal care so I have found another doctor (who rocks AND has caring staff).
Bye bye Cornerstone :(

I've been a patient of Dr Pelopeda (referred by my PCP) for about 3 months.
I'm newly post-menopausal.
I'm writing today to give special recognition to Rachel who just helped me to book an outpatient procedure.
I've NEVER been in the hospital for anything so even this "minor" procedure (which does require general anesthesia, however), is a big deal for me.
Rachel couldn't have been nicer.
At first she was talking a mile a minute (being professional and efficient, that's all) but when I told her my situation and asked her to slow down she did immediately.
She remained professional and appropriate at all times but I really felt as if I was speaking with a trusted friend or family member as she briefly walked me through the process I'd be encountering at the hospital.
I can't really put in words how important it is to me that she took the time to really hear me, to listen to my concerns and questions.
And that she addressed them, not in a perfunctory way, but with warmth, compassion and reassurance.
As I was wrapping this up, Rachel called back to refine some of the details.
She'd already gotten to Dr Pelopeda to confirm the timing of the appointment and she was calling at Dr Pelopeda's direction to reschedule my "pre-op" consultation so that the Dr could spend a little more time with me.
I consider that outstanding service from both women and I'm so grateful for their care!
QUICK UPDATE: I wanted to be able to provide reviews of my experiences with Dr Pelopeda and other aspects of the practice separately -- and it's been virtually all good so far -- but apparently Yelp only allows one review?
Since I may be receiving ongoing care for at least a couple more months, I'll come back and do updates accordingly.
I also wanted to add a word of recognition for Dr Pelopeda herself.
To date she has been extremely professional and still so patient and compassionate.
I have  a strong case of "white coat" anxiety and it's worse when hospitals are involved!
She is clearly accomplished and knowledgeable and at the same time she's been very accommodating and considerate.
Her physician's assistant (right term?
) Lourdes is very competent -- they work extremely well together.
A few weeks ago, I had an ultrasound performed by Lynn and once again, this was a first for me so I was a bit anxious.
Her professional yet extremely considerate and gentle manner put me right at ease.
I hardly noticed what was taking place!
Like other reviewers, I've definitely noticed a few mix-ups and some immature attitudes as well as some good solid business skills among the many front desk staff.
Most of these women are very young and - yes - some are immature.
I remember how "green" I was at that age and how grateful I am now that a few managers cared enough to coach me on my "bad" behaviors.
I'm fortunate to have had a very successful career and I wish these young ladies success in whatever they choose to do in life!

Took almost 2 MONTHS to get my record transferred to my new doctor from this office.
Called and faxed several times to get my record sent over.
Poor excuses given every single time.
Thank you Cornerstone staff for helping me feel solidified in my decision to transfer to a new better office/Dr.
I will not miss your attitude or your lack of common sense.
CHEERS!

