I am writing this as I am sitting getting a pedicure.
I've been coming to this nail salon at least once a month since I was 17.
(7 years now) The people are friendly, and professional.
It doesn't matter who I get, because they are all awesome!
I am never disappointed.
At just $20, there is no better way to spend your money.

When I moved to Phoenix I had to find a new nail salon for my pedicures and Fancy was it.
For a while.
It is clean, the prices are reasonable and everyone is very friendly.
They always seemed to be busy so I got in the habit of calling for appointments.
My favorite tech was Molly and I'd go in and see her every month.
She did a fabulous job and was very personable.
My toes always looked fabulous and the polish would last a good 4+ weeks.
However, one day last spring I called and was told that Molly no longer worked there.
They said she "went back home out of state" which I knew was a lie because Molly was born and raised in Mesa.
Anyway...that ticked me off (not so much that she was no longer there but that they lied about it) so I've never gone back.
It is a nice place and since they were always busy can only assume that the other technicians do as good of job as Molly.
I'd recommend it if you want a decent pedicure at a clean salon.
The only other thing I have to say is...Molly, where are you?!?

Love the pedicures I leave this place with!
Everyone else fails miserably and charges too much for their outcomes!
Fancy Nails is a good deal with a great result!
I've gotten a manicure once which was decent!
Me footsies love Fancy Nails!!

I have been coming to Diana's nail salon since she opened this location.
I have never had a bad experience!
For my wedding, Diana had blocked off the back half of the salon for me, my mom & my bridal party.
They really gave us the 5 star treatment!
They accept appointments as well as walk ins, they rarely turn anyone away, even 30 minutes before they close.
There are about 10 spa pedicure stations and 10 manicure stations as well.
They use the "worry free" piping system so you don't have to question the cleanliness of the spa chairs.
Another plus is there is no "nail salon smell" which tends to make me nauseous.
All around, a great place to go; and I have since 2001.

Love this place!
The pedicures here are divine and last forever and the manicures are just as lovely.
They recently got a new model of massage pedicure chairs which are even more addictive to sit in.
I have been coming here for 6+ years and love it!
Reasonably priced and clean, consistent atmosphere keep me coming back!

I went to this Nail Salon because of the fabulous reviews here on Yelp.
The first time I went, totally loved the experience the pedicure lasted almost a month and I do the gel shelac mani it was done fabulously lasted  over 2 weeks and it totally would have lasted 3 I think but I wanted a change for a major performance.
My 2nd experience has me less than ecstatic, my manicure wasn't the best, the shape was inconsistent from nail to nail, the tips of my nails were rough (actually caught on clothing) and I really felt that my time was shortened under the UV light for packing in the customers.
It's been only a week and the shelac has actually peeled off on 2 fingers.
I also made my appointment early in the day and still didn't get seen at the time of appointment, leads me to believe they totally overbook.
I would try them again if I could get the same lady but to much of a lucky draw from what I have experienced.

Very friendly service and so inexpensive for pedicures!
My boyfriend and I really enjoyed relaxing here.
The only negative is that I wish they had a bit more of a selection of nail polishes.
Also, they ask that we don't use credit cards.

ehhhhhhh...
I really wanted to like this place...but I left unimpressed.
My co worker recommended this place after a few good experiences.
I am also crazy about reading reviews online and overall, this place has good reviews so I gave it a shot.
The shop was in good condition and I really liked that they took their tools out of a sanitized bag.
Knowing your tools have been cleaned well is a big plus.
I got a shellac manicure and the younger girl that did my manicure was nice and thorough, however, she put WAY too much polish on.
My past shellac manicures have lasted 2-3 weeks but mine started to lift off my nails within 5 days.
I am thinking I just got the wrong gal for the job but I think I am going to be sticking with Desert Nail Spa.
$25 for a shellac manicure.

Fun and friendly staff!

They recently remodeled.
New chairs and nice atmosphere.
$39 for mani/pedi, and they did a good job!
I messed up my pedicure, and went back the next day and she fixes it for free!
So nice!

My favorite nail salon for pedicures :) they have the best nail polish color selection!

I've never had a better trip to a nail salon!
Best one in the area; the lady that did my gel French mani was a perfectionist and did them beautifully.
Her name was Tina and was so sweet, asking if I liked the way she did it just in case.
The owners are very costumer service-oriented and polite.
I'll definitely be coming back.

I desperately needed to get my nails done yesterday while in the Kierland neighborhood, so pulled out the Yelp app and found Fancy Nails.
The reviews were spot on...Tony was great - friendly, quick and quality work!
I will definitely be back when I am in the area again and in need of a pedicure or a fill.

I love this place, I come here all the time.
It's like an addiction for me to get my nails done.
I love my specific nail stylist, but I refuse to give a name cause I don't want anyone getting booked up.
I always get the gel nails and they last a really long time, I've even gone an entire month before needing to redo them before.
I'm constantly getting compliments on my nails and asked where I get them done, and their color selection is abundant enough that it can please anyone's color needs.

Love this place.
Very large with lots of nail techs.
I've never waited longer than 5 min even without appointment.
They do a fantastic job on nails and toes.
They even have little kids pedi chairs...my girls love it there!

Very relaxing!
Ask for Tina!!
Massage chairs are awesome and they even have fun chairs for your little princess!

Having just moved to Phoenix 3 weeks ago from Ohio, finding the local establishments that are really great has already been in a work in progress.
I am happy to report, however, that after visiting Fancy Nails I have found my go-to nail salon already!
I went to Fancy Nails based on the yelp reviews I saw, and it's close proximity to my home in desert ridge, and I am so happy I did!
The prices are absolutely more than fair (25 dollars for a shellac manicure, 24 dollars for a pedicure), and the quality is spot on!
Diana did my manicure and she was excellent.
She has a great sense of humor too which made the experience all the better.
I am not sure of the name of the gentleman who did my pedicure for me, but he was phenomenal as well!
I will definitely be going back whenever I need a little pampering :)

I had a wonderful experience at Fancy Nails.
First of all I walked in about a 1/2 hour til close, but I was desperate and they were open on a Sunday, when my regular nail salon wasn't.
So bonus there!
They have a great big selection of polishes too.
I got a gel manicure from one of the male nail technicians and he was wonderful.
He did such a meticulous job!!
I think this polish will stay on for three weeks.
It's been nine days and I usually see the start of the polish wearing off/growing out and .... nothin'.
I bet I go 16-17 days with this polish on.
He also gave me some tips about my nails and how I should request that no drills be used to remove my gel polish at all as it burns and pits the nail bed... something I didn't pay much attention to as I thought I was going to a professional before who knew how to take care of nails.
Salons that are in a hurry and treat customers like cattle tend to use those drills to get clients in and out fast.
The salon was very clean and the staff is wonderful.
I highly recommend!
Great experience and spot on dollar wise... $25 for a gel mani.
I'm going to try a pedicure this weekend.

Needed to find a nail place in Scottsdale,  that was open early and this one showed up.
They took us right away!
Extremely helpful, great color selection, and good prices!
Definitely coming back here every time I'm in Scottsdale!

I have never had a bad experience here!
The staff is all very friendly and most speak great English so I don't feel awkward communicating.
They have pedicure chairs for children that are really cute.
My one gripe would be that I wish a pedicure for a child was cheaper.
Their nails are tiny and they don't have to do much.
They should give you more than a couple of dollars off.
But all in all I am a repeat customer.
When I brought my daughter for her birthday she was in heaven and they were SO sweet to her.
This place is my first choice in the area!

They took me for a pedicure even though I got there 20 min before closing.
Great service!

It's a beautiful nail spa.
Ella is a perfectionist, treating my nails like a surgeon would treat any delicate surgery.
She is meticulous.
My manicure was $15 and it looks shiny and fabulous!
Also from Ella, going on 3 weeks for my pedicure.
It still looks perfect.
I'll see her in a week or so for a refresh!

