Ahhhh, Denny's.
Growing up in South FL totally ruined Denny's for me- they were just not nice places to go eat.
BUT I am pleased to report this place is totally what Denny's should be in a perfect world.
Like a month ago, the wife says "Let's go to the Denny's up the street".
Holy crap I thought, as flashbacks from FL started to work their way in to my head.
Needless to say, since it was the wife's idea- We hit Denny's.
We walk in and it's clean- I'll take it.
We have a friendly lady get us a booth- even better.
Waitress comes over, a totally sweet, older lady who is wonderfully sweet to the little one- Go Denny's I'm thinking.
We order our appropriately inexpensive food and sip our endless coffee- maybe I was wrong about Denny's I think.
Food comes, just as advertised.
I got a grand slam, the wife gets a breakfast burrito and the little one gets a kids grand slam- Ya know what?
The food was really good.
We do our thing, pay our bill and peace out- Totally great experience.
I must say, I am happy to have given Denny's a second chance.
It is just right for a quick, easy, cheap breakfast.
We have been back a bunch of times since then and it's been the same each time.
All I can say is Yay!

Ok so like growing up Denny's was the spot especially for the church folk and that is how I was raised until about 13, anyway this spot had it all and once when I was on a road trip with my Dad,stepmom and little brother all we did was eat a Denny's from Ca to the ATL that and the occaisional Waffle house.
But somehow I stopped going to Denny's and now they have changed and this is for the better.
They have brought back the free breakfast grand slam and they have menu options in $2, $4, $6, and $8 options plus their faithful standbys.
I am talking about the Super Bird people the best sandwich for the last 4 decades.
Anyway in this economy sometimes you want to just chill out and talk to your friends and Denny's has always been that and so much more for me.
Reunited and it feels so good.

4 numbers for you $2, $4, $6, and $8.
Those are Denny's new menu option...not to mention all you can eat pancakes and French Fries.
This particular location is great...plenty of parking, seating both inside and out and the service is great as well.
I know Denny's is a chain and most are probably the same to most people...but if your ever near this particular one....give them a try and i promise you won't think it is like the other's.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!

Denny's always available after the club!
Cheep food and service!
It's what's for breakfast at 230 I'm the morning!

It's Denny's?
Good bfast this morning!

I'm happy to hear that some folks out there have good things to say about this Denny's but I don't!
I live close by and Denny's usually has great breakfast, it's safe and you know what your getting however; this location breaks the norm.
I've given it the benefit of the doubt so many times, but no more.
Slow Service     Cold food     Incorrect orders     If you like hot tea....good luck getting more hot water     The staff doesn't check on you after receiving your meal     No WiFi service     Dirty silverware  I dislike this Denny's so much that I actually logged in to write about it.
The last time I did this was years ago.
THEY SUCK.
A discriminating foodie.
Groovygirlaz

9 pm is quiet and the service is great.
Food is Denny's good and quick.

I had a craving for breakfast and had not been to Denny's in at least a couple years.
The food was much better than I expected.
I had pancakes, scrambled eggs (which actually had flavor), hash browns (crispy) and sausage.
Needless to say, I was not able to finish the huge plate full of food.
The waitress was exceptionally nice and very efficient.
I would come back to this location next time I feel the need for a big breakfast.

Food & service is usually really good.

This place was HORRIBLE!
It's extremely small I am almost sure it was a Mc Donald's  Before it was a Denny's.
On a busy Sunday there is no place to wait in comfort.
The AC sucks & they don't accommodate seating for large families.
We waited more them 25min for them to say it will take longer to seat us cause it would be a fire hazard.
Sad thing is NONE of us are over weight.
They could not accommodate a seating for the baby in a high chair.

We had planned on eating a late breakfast at the Original Breakfast House just down 32nd Street, but did not realize that they would be closed for Labor Day.
We headed north toward the Harkins North 16 Cinema and stumbled upon Denny's.
We still had plenty of time before our movie, or so we thought.
The entryway was warm and crowded with people waiting.
Only a ten minute wait was indicated, so we decided to stay.
When we were seated, we noticed the restaurant itself seemed a bit warm as well.
We waited a very long time just to have our presence recognized by a server.
Eventually, beverage orders were taken.
Coffee was delivered without an offer of creamer and we labored another five minutes just to make eye contact with anyone who could bring us some.
Food orders were finally taken and were served in a reasonable amount of time, although there was a significant amount of time between when the first person in our party and the last was served.
Not a big deal, but it's awkward to postpone eating until everyone is served and awkward when they insist that you go ahead and eat.
Well, it's Denny's.
The food was fine.
Uninspired.
Just what you'd expect.
Given that you can eat at a really good breakfast joint just a few blocks away, however, I'm just not sure why you'd want to settle for this.
I'm pleased that the Original Breakfast House treats their employees well with the day off, but I doubt that I would ever head back to Denny's anytime OBH was open.
By the time we were finishing, we had used all of our available time and felt as though we'd been eating in a sauna.
The restaurant never cooled down.
Not revealed to us when we checked in was the not insignificant fact that their air conditioning was broken.
Not all of their air conditioning.
Only the part where their patrons were seated.
Revealing this tidbit of information to customers when they came in the door would have been the honorable thing to do.
Yes, we probably would have elected to go elsewhere, but it's what any good restaurant would do for their customers.
But not Denny's.
This Denny's is nice in appearance and some employees seem well intentioned.
When you are serving "average" food, however, it's critical that employees and managers go above and beyond to compensate.
That did not happen on this day.
Not even close.

Over 5 mins to get seated, 5 mins for drinks, 20 mins later, no one even took our order.
Only 4 tables in the whole restaurant!
We have a baby and a three year old, and they wasted all the time we would've had to have a family dinner, so we left.

I first want to say that I have gone to this Denny's now for the past two years and have never had an issue.
Tonight was that night.
I called in an order and was told it would be ready in ten minutes... standard for them.
I got there and 30 minutes later still had no food in my hand.
I asked to see the manager and the explanation she gave was, "We've never had this many people come in on a Thursday.
"  She never apologized nor offered to make it right in any way.
I asked for my money back  I am no food service expert, but the goal of any food service establishment is to make sure customers keep coming back.
She totally failed to fix the situation.
I think it is time to take a break from this place.
The service is not what it used to be two years ago.
I will say that the people working there are very friendly.
Maybe I caught them on a bad night but I won't be back for a while.
Beware the wait time if you dare to eat here!

Food was blah.
Nothing special.
Kim our waitress brought her kids to work they were seated next to us.
They screamed bloodly murder the entire time and every time they did she would go over to them.
Your at work not at home.
She never came over to check on us or anything more concern about her kids.

Well, the glass of water was okay.
After 5 to 10 minutes, someone came and offered me that.
I was seated at the counter and made eye contact with several servers who went about with their conversations or just standing there.
Lots of standing there.
10 minutes later, no order taken, though 5 servers huddled around in front of me waiting for the food to cook.
Others who arrived after me had their orders taken, I decided I was hungry and needed food, so I went to get some, down the street.
I wish this weren't the first time I went in thinking maybe this time they would be attentive.

