Sure if you have a crazy craving for a weird pie Marie Callenders would be a great place to go, but other than I wouldn't recommend it.
The food here isn't great, and I would even consider it overpriced for what you get taste wise.
Also the real reason I wanted to review this place is the service here is just awful.
I have only been there about twice in the past two years, but both times the service was just REALLY bad.
I mean these servers were weird and did not know what they were doing.
Please Marie Callenders start screening your employees!

YUCK!
I have not been cooking lately - busy with work and home...
I went there for homestyle food and it was not good.
Also, like the previous reviewer, the server did not know anything about homestyle food.

The Beautiful Carin and I had a wonderful Saturday evening at the Sunnyslope Art Walk.
We had a nice dinner at Corbin's and as we were driving home, we talked about stopping for piece of pie.
I like pie...it's not always about the cupcakes or gelato and ice cream, or even the éclairs and cannolis.
Sometimes it would just be nice to have piece of pie and cup of coffee.
I was back east recently and it struck me that you can't walk 2 blocks in a lot of cities in the east without going by a decent diner where you can stop in and get a piece of pretty decent (maybe even homemade) pie and a cup of coffee...not here.
We could only think of a couple of candidates...Village Inn or Marie Callender's (neither chain had we been to since we left California, in late 2003).
Neither was really appealing, but the lure of pie is strong...too strong!
GPS said that Marie's was closest and on the way home.
GPS did not say that this location stilled smelled of stale cigarette smoke from 2 years ago.
GPS didn't tell me that the reason nobody was at this place at 9:00 in the evening was because it just isn't even very good pie, anymore (or, more probably, it isn't very good anything anymore).
GPS tells me about traffic ahead and bad weather, but it just doesn't do a very good job of warning you about crappy restaurants!
It was dark, kind of smelly and over air-conditioned in Marie's, but we pressed on regardless.
Once seated, our waitress came by.
She didn't seem pleased to find out that we were only there for pie and coffee (I can understand...there only seemed to be 3 tables occupied in the entire place).
She was however, pleasant, and for that I tipped big, since it looked like we were her best prospect for decent tip on Saturday.
I believe that Marie's used to really think their claim to fame was their pies...I know they were touting "whole pies" in the signs as we walked in, but if this is still their big deal, then I am reasonably certain that I don't want anything to do with anything else they make/replicate/serve/unearth at Marie's.
The pie was no better than you would find wrapped in cellophane next to the cash register at Circle K. The coffee was even worse, if that's possible.
Hard to say what happened, but the crust was dismal (I don't think I'm a pie snob, but the Beautiful Carin is a baker of the first order, and she makes a vodka crust...that's right, you heard me, vodka crust, you replace  1/2 of the water in your crust recipe with vodka...that's to die for, and I would hurt someone that tried to take one of Carin's pecan pies away from me...I actually growl like my dog: ).
The filling in Marie's pies was even worse than the crust...just way too sugary, with no flavor except "sweet" and no body at all.
I like pie!
Sadly, this wasn't it.

Well i can't speak for the food..but the 6.99 deals they had on the pies at this location were great.
We had 5 for the month of Feb. they only do this 6.99 pie sale twice a year i am told and it is definitely worth it.
We had the lemon cream cheese pie on two occasions, the strawberry rhubarb on two other occasions, and the key lime to wrap up the month.
I see some of the reviews on here are very old...please people go back and give them a try i promise you won't be disappointed by the pie at least.

