We use Snappy occasionally when we need a big clean up of the yard or we don't have time to mow the lawn.
We have a HUGE yard with a lot of grass.
What I like about Snappy is that their charges are reasonable - maybe even cheap - and they have incredibly fast response time.
They do a very nice job and they are very efficient.
My only complaints are their inconsistent pricing and they don't take AMEX.
I have received bills for more than twice the amount quoted for yard work...  when I call to question the bill, they always adjust the bill down to the original quote - but nonetheless, it questions their trustworthiness.
We would probably use them more regularly for service if I felt that their billing was reliable and if they accepted AMEX since it's the safest way to pay and I'm nervous about a company having my credit card number if their billing is a bit questionable.
Overall - good lawn service but not-so-good billing.

I've given two stars because in the beginning, they were great.
A far cry from their service now.
I used snappy lawn service for more than three years, and have finally thrown in the towel (shame on me for not doing so sooner).
Having two rental properties in the Tempe/Phoenix area, and living out of state, Snappy has been a struggle to deal with and their customer service (or lack thereof) has been frustrating at best.
The woman who answers the phone (I believe her name is Lisa?
) is never friendly and has a demeanor on the phone which epitomizes the company name - snappy.
(Oh, you're right, I guess the fact that I'm getting HOA letters about weeds is really my fault!
)  I could write pages, but I'll summarize with the example of just one home which has a small lawn, lots lot of foliage and flowers, plus three palm trees.
Not a large yard, but beautifully landscaped and requiring attention.
Skip to now: the lawn is atrocious, two of the palm trees are dead and may not be salvageable, and we've lost countless plants.
Twice I've been down to inspect, have been shocked at the condition, and have had to call Snappy to understand how this could have happened without being brought to my attention.
Long story short, the lawn will never be the same.
Additionally there were several discrepancies with the billing that came up from time to time.
Do yourself a favor and find someone else to take care of your lawn needs.

We have used Snappy for many years now for tasks ranging from bi-weekly lawn service to water sprinkler system installation to total yard clean-up.
The teams they send out work very efficiently and cleanly.
Always wonderful to work with; prices are very reasonable; they are reliable, punctual and great to work with -- the owners communicated with us very well and we find them fully trustworthy.
Will recommend them fully.
Thanks for the great work.

They were early and went straight to work.
My weeds were very high due to other services not showing up, but they finished and cleaned my over grown yard in an hour!
This includes trimming several bushes.
I will continue to use them until they give me a reason not to, but I've never seen a group of people work so fast.

Best family owned company great service.
They are reliable and very friendly and I try recommend them to everyone I know.

I was a pleased cutomer.
They came oyt re did my rock, they did a beautiful job.
The owners were very pleasent to work with.
I get so many compliments about my yard now.
I couldn't be happier.

My mom used to hire Snappy to mow their huge lawn when I was a kid.
They really are true to their name.
They would show up and do the whole job in no time like a well-oiled machine.
I just hired them to remove a bougainvillea and clean up my patio.
They showed up promptly and did the job fast for a good price.
Not only that, but the patio looks great.

I have tried a lot of lawn services.
I have mostly desert landscape with trees that shed leaves almost all year.
This is the only service I have found that will work on a dependable schedule, bill by mail, and provide courteous, efficient workers.
Unlike most services that deal with small jobs, there is an office number to call for scheduling, questions, and estimate requests.
I have used this service for several months, and I am very satisfied with their work and professionalism.

