I use to fly a lot but as the cost raises and terror took the skies I stopped.
I however flew Alaska Airlines one way from Seattle to Phoenix to transport my beloved dog.
They are still the best!
Their pet transport fee is still the lowest when your pet travels at the same time you do.
When I got to my seat there was a post-a-note saying I'm on board too!
That reassured me, and others like me that our pet was on the plane.
I thought that was such a sweet and thoughtful touch.
Kudos Alaska Airline!
I flew you also because many trips between Seattle and Alaska with my prior dog had been successful and horror free.
You know how to take care of our fury members, as well as the rest of us and you do it at fairer fare than the others.
Your cleaning staff is awesome after the flight they get in there and tidy things up for the next group, find and turn in our forgotten items like my L.G.
Lotus phone and quickly get it to us before we leave the airport!
When I went to claim my baggage and dog your porter took the work out of it by having all my belongings and my dog gathered and ready to go curbside for my pick up!
The porter  checked to make sure my dog was mine and even minded my bags while I took my dog to the PHX doggie walk at the airport to relieve herself!
All in all I felt I and my canine companion were looked out for like we were more than just a head count  from the start to the end of the trip.
Further more all my belongings including my computer and camera equipment in my checked in baggage came to me undisturbed and undamaged.
I thank you a thousand times for your kid gloves to my personal belongings and with my dog.
I'll be flying with you again.

I just found a ticket to Oregon for $220.
This unbeleiveable price compared the other Phoenix airline options.
I will know be checking Alaska more often when I go out of town.
Looking forward to the trip.
Thanks Alaska for making it more affordable.

I travel constantly and have flown pretty much everyone from JAL, Air India to local carriers like SeaPort Air.
The best way I can describe AA...
I don't always fly big air, but when I do, I fly Alaska Air.
lol  AA is a great carrier and I try to take them when I can.

Just wanted to give a shout out to the awesome crew on our recent flight from SEA - PHX!

I really like flying Alaska Air, for a few reasons: 1) it's out of Terminal 2, which means a quick walk in/walk out, almost no wait in line, easy bag check-in and easy baggage claim.
2) I have almost always experienced pleasant stewards on all AK flights... for the most part genuinely friendly, prompt, and of good spirits 3) Alaska Air (one of my favorite aspects) is all about recycling and using local or at least AK, HI, or Pacific Northwest-based businesses for their on-board food/drinks for sale - this is such a pleasure to see and it makes me want to continue doing business with them 4) $20 baggage check-in fee... $5 cheaper than USAir.. not bad 5) When I've upgraded to First Class upon check-in in the past, it's costed me $50/leg of my itinerary - score!!
This is why I like Alaskan Air!

I used to hear that Alaska airline was good b/c they are usually on time with schedule.
Maybe this is true, but gosh their customer service is horrendous.
I mean I've flown a fair amount in my life.
Not just in the US, but also overseas with some sketchy airlines.
But by far, Alaska airlines had one of the worst customer service and did not help out a passenger.
It seems as though, their company motto is "You are on your own" type of mentality.
The problem started when I arrived 30mins prior to my flight and had already checked in online a day before.
I was not checking in any bags, so all I had to do was get a reprint of my boarding pass to go through security.
Too bad, nobody was a the counter to help me out and the kiosk would not let me print out my pass.
So I was just sitting ducks outside the security line just watching my plane take off while I could not do anything.
When I eventually got a hold of the customer service agent, there was no remorse.
I tried to tell them that I was there 30mins early and had already checked in online a day before.
Plus they didn't have ANYONE at the ticket counter.
But those facts did not matter to them.
They never apologized and never offered for any help.
All they were busy doing was to blame me for not showing up an hour earlier.
Well it's save to say that I will NEVER fly Alaska airlines if I could and I would never recommend this airline.
Worst customer service ever.

Very friendly on air staff and both flights landed early!
That's the best!
Downside was our flight didn't have a movie and you have to pay to use the wifi.

My husband and I recently used Alaska Air to relocate to Hawaii with our 9 pets.
With such an unusual case, we expected difficulties, but they were great.
The reps on the phone were extremely helpful, accommodating, and nice.
When we arrived in Chicago the lady was very thorough checking us in, and made us feel comfortable leaving our pets in her capable hands.
The Seattle airport was the same good experience.
We really appreciated they provide cards for each of our pets to let us know they were all boarded.
The flight attendants on each flight seemed genuinely nice, and responded to all our inquiries regarding our pets.
We really appreciated their care towards our pets.
We will definitely use them again when we visit family back on the mainland.

Flew this airline once when I was flying from PHX to PDX (Portland, Oregon).
Really enjoyed my flight experience.
This airline flies out of Terminal 2, which is the first terminal once you are off from I-10.
Easy parking access and literally walk right in to the security check-point.
Will definitely try again if I'm going to the PNW area again.

Everytime I fly they're always on time, if not early!
The flight attendants are the friendliest, nicest and most helpful than other airlines I've flown.
They go above and beyond with customer service--even when I've spoken with them on the phone!
Now, I only fly with Alaska Airline.
I've never been disappointed in the last 13 years of frequent flying!

Simply the best, I just wish they flew to more places out of Phoenix!
Going out of Terminal 2 is easy and convenient, the people are friendly, the planes are clean and new (unlike the garbage on Southwest and USAirways), and their ticket prices are reasonable.
Definitely worth trying if you've never flown them before.
I'm a fan!

Congratulations Alaska Airlines.
After not allowing me to check in online you denied me a ticket because I was one minute past the cutoff.
I fly all over the world and this happens occasionally but I have never been denied.
So I will sleep in the airport tonight when a bit of caring by your personnel could have avoided this.
I have flown with you whenever possible but never again.
My fault for not knowing the shuttle uses were dedicated to specific terminals

