I don't know the whole history of this restaurant but some co-workers introduced me to it.
It has good prices and good food.
Good lunch specials - we call ahead and pick up or eat there.
Lunch service is usually pretty fast in our experience.
I especially like the eggrolls/springrolls which taste a lot like some homemade Filipino "lumpias" my aunts make.

i have ordered To-Go... alot!
and ate in... i love it!!
its a little red house.. you cant miss it...
I'm pretty sure its family run... and its a cozy little place... the sweet and sour chicken/pork is great!!
i always go for their lunch specials.. its no more than about $7 total...  and you get a lot of food!!
you get their soup ... then the entree!
i always get their sweet and sour chicken or pork... a nice sized helping of egg fried rice.. chicken and bell peppers, big chunks of pineapple, onions in just the right amount of S&S sauce... a spring roll... its sooo good... and these little fried won tons.. so yummy...   if you get take out.. you get all of it but the soup.. but that's alright :) when you get take out you always get more food stacked in the box :) yum!
this is a great lunch spot down town :) its a hidden treasure...

The interior of Wong's is pretty gross....when I'm waiting for my to-go order I usually count the number of giant cobwebs in the corner and try to guess their length in feet.
'Cuz they're HUGE.
I don't care though, because their food is freaking amazing.
You HAVE to order the pan fried pot stickers - they're the best in town.
They have really good soups and cheap lunch specials as well.
Also the exterior paint color seems to change every time I go, which makes me laugh.
Work it, Wong's.

What a delight.
We were early to the Phoenix airport and decided to find some place nearby for dinner.
We stumbled upon Wong's.
Yes, the interior is run down, but the place is clean, the staff is friendly, the portions are huge and the prices are very reasonable ($7.95 for a typical dinner entree).
And the food was really good - all four dishes that our party of four ordered were really good.
I'd go back again, but I live in California!
If I am ever in Phoenix again, I swear I'll make another trip to Wong's.

I love Wong's!
I think it's the best orange chicken in the valley.
They use only white meat chicken.
I hear their egg rolls and fried rice are the best, too!
Wong's is a hole in the wall.
There's no getting around it.
It's not the prettiest, and if you've ever had to use their restroom you know that they could seriously do some remodeling, but it's clean (just old, and falling apart).
The atmosphere is the only thing keeping it from being a 5-star place.
The food is top notch!

This is a dive restaurant, but the food is really good and they serve you really large portions.
Pricing is great and the service is good.
It's worth a try, if you are in the neighborhood.

My wife & I were very excited to try Wong's based on reviews here and when we arrived at the restaurant.
It has the kind of "dive" vibe we get very excited about.
I can't see what the hubbub is about.
The food was pretty terrible overall.
I am willing to consider that we ordered wrong, but we got Kung Pao Chicken, Dry-Fried Shredded Beef, Wong's Special Chicken, and Pot Stickers.
Going item-by-item, the pot stickers were frozen and can be purchased at any Asian grocery store, so, essentially, they were something I can and do make at home.
The beef was not shredded but sliced (which makes dry-fried dishes very hard to eat) and tasted like old fry oil and ketchup, disgusting.
The special chicken was initially pretty excellent.
It is fried chicken in a sweet-and-sour sauce, very similar in style and presentation to Springfield, MO-style cashew chicken.
As we ate more of the dish, however, it became apparent that this chicken was breaded in Chinese donut batter and also tasted of old fry oil.
Disappointing.
I saved my discussion of kung pao chicken for last.
This is one of my favorite Chinese dishes in the world, and we ordered it because one of the regulars waiting for take-out recommended it.
This is, without a doubt, one of the saddest dishes I have ever eaten.
It had no flavor: no salt, no soy sauce, no ginger, no Szechuan peppercorn, nothing.
It tasted of celery, if anything at all.
Additionally, the dish was swimming in a watery, brown-grey sauce that was the result of the zucchini in the dish.
I'm okay with overly sauced Chinese food, but without any flavor and not thickened with cornstarch, this was just a mess.
Additionally, the chicken tasted like it had been par-boiled before being stir-fried, so it was tough, flavorless, and an unappetizing grey color.
Completely disgusting.
As I said at the beginning, I am willing to wager that we should have ordered the fried rice, which people seem to recommend, but I don't believe we will be trying Wong's again, as this food just isn't up to snuff.

Where did this place come from?
It went from being a little red building that I would pass on the side of the road from time to time over to Wong's, the almighty Chinese food joint.
I knew it was a restaurant but I probably wouldn't have stopped unless it were for my co-workers who were going one day and asked if I wanted to go.
I am so thankful I said "Yes!".
It is a dive.
You have to walk through the kitchen to get to the head and you could probably convert the entire place to a motorcycle shop in less than an hour.
Extra beverages are stacked against the wall, the tables are small, and the air conditioning is probably in need of a service call.
All part of the ambiance!
The menu isn't a surprise.
When I visit a new Chinese place my first meal is always sweet and sour pork.
This way I can get a bead on the same meals and see how they handle the basics.
Like most other Chinese restaurant lunch entrees, Wong's lunch comes with an egg roll and rice.
In this case it was sticky white rice.
Crunchy, drippy sumptuous sweet and suckling sour chicken.
It ranks up there with some of the best for certain.
The rice was a wonderful mix of sticky and fluffy.
I like to eat with chopsticks when possible and this rice was definitely edible with the primitive yet effective utensils.
Back and for between the awesome chicken and rice to finally the egg roll.
Crispy almost flaky wrapper with an almost too finely minced filling of pork, cabbage, and carrots.
The three simply complimented one another throughout the entire lunch.
So, so good.
Wong's is EXACTLY why you don't go to a chain and why you don't continue to drive past that place you have seen a million times but never was curious enough to actually stop and dine.
The prices are super reasonable to boot.
Have I been burned by places like this?
Yes, but the few duds are heavily outweighed by other good places and certainly by great places like this.
Stop the next time you are driving by if this place looks sketchy, scary, or outright out of place.
Because it is but inside they are serving delicious food.

Wongs is the BOMB!!!!
Chop Suey is yummy yummy to my tummy!!!!
Nuff said =p

Stopped here tonight and got an order of curry shrimp to go.
The place looks like a dive but the food is really awesome.
The sauce was really delicious and there was plenty of food for me to have all I could eat and share a bit with a friend.
I will definitely be going back to try some more items!

I love this place.
it's divey and its in a bad part of town.
(Their window has been shot out with a shotgun and you can still see the holes in the blind.
) They have amazing soup.
Their hot and sour soup is one of the best I've ever had.
and the entrees and apps are good too.
The prices are reasonable and the service is better than you would expect looking at the place.
Wong's is a great place to eat.

If you want good Chinese food this is the place to go!
Wong's is right down the road from my work so we go here quite often.
The location is terrible as it is near the airport in the ghetto, the owners of the restaurant live next door as their house is connected to the restaurant.
If you were to drive by this place you would never think to go inside and eat here but trust me, if you do the food is amazing!
Love eating here.

Now that is some sad Chinese food.
Cheap yes, but not good.
I was hoping to find that " hole in the wall" place that nobody would try without knowing.
But it is a rundown crappy place with not so good food.

One of my favorite Chinese food place in the valley, the service was great the food was amazing.
The only thing I didn't like was the location but they have been here 30+ years.

Even though the place looks a little rundown the staff is courteous and the food is delicious.
Been coming here for years and love going there.
Always a great experience.

Did you ever wish there was some undiscovered place left in Phoenix that has absolutely amazing food?
This is it!!!
I'd pay double for the humble ambiance and the sweet Chinese lady who served us.
The food was fresh, fresh, fresh.
Yum!
I am loathe to tell you about his because once this 35 year old gem is discovered, I won't be able to get a table.

I drive ALL THE WAY from Maricopa to eat here, the food is that good!!!!!
Our Chinese restaurants in Maricopa are AWFUL, please open one there!!!!!
This place isn't very appealing to the eye, and can easily be overlooked lol but thats why I like it...the hole in the walls are always the best!!!!
The food is always fresh, and made to perfection.
Very good Chinese food is sooooo hard to find in Arizona!

I have to tell you the place inside is a little dark, and really needs paint.
But the food is so good the atmosphere fades.
We ordered the sizzling rice soup and I could take this intravenously its that good.
I will definitely be back, they have take out or dine in.
Make sure you try this place.

Very dependable flavorful Chinese food.The Orange chickene was delectable and the shrimp with lobster sauce was yummy.They even had Brown Fried Rice!
!Everything was great.

I have to say that I was a bit worried when I drove up.
The place is a complete hole in the wall.
It just looks really bad but I looked in the windows as we drive by and my partner and I gathered up the courage to go in.
Once I was in I was committed even though the inside was just as bad as the outside.
I came cause I read the reviews and wanted to give it shot.
We walked to the register area and the lady was really friendly asked for our order and even had the patience to make some suggestions.
She made us feel welcome.
I ordered a mild version of the pineapple chicken and the boyfriend ordered orange chicken.
While we waited I read the negative review about the donut smelling food.
I got worried again.
The server brought our food out and told us she hoped we enjoyed our meal.
She was very pleasant.
We got home we ate our food an my plate was bland but I actually like it that way cause u don't like a lot of spice so for me it was good.
The veggies were fresh and not over steamed just a light crisp which was nice.
My boyfriends orange chicken did smell like donuts but that actually added to the sweet orange smell which was very pleasant.
The chicken pieces were individually cut and friend unlike most places that fry the whole breast and then cut slices.
I like this place.
Just afraid to go in.

I asked my husband how many stars to rate Wongs.
His answer was "four because the place is run down, but the food is good.
"  I disagreed.
I feel like they're almost playing on the idea that the hole in the wall places are the best.
So they're not going to jinx themselves by remodeling.
To me, it's like they know it's the "hole in the wall" label that gives them their character.
It's clean and they're friendly so I'm not gonna mark them down.
And I don't need to tell you the food is fresh and delicious.
All the other reviews already did that.

I've been coming here since I was a kid!
Wong's is such a great place, very noticeable from the street with its bright red exterior.
The interior hasn't changed at all!
I remember their huge refrigerator off to the side as a kid and that thing is still alive and kickin!
It's definitely outdated but it's totally the charm of the place.
Now for the food.
I'm not gonna lie, I used to be extremely picky as a kid and would only get the teriyaki chicken or the house chicken.
Now as an adult I've ventured off and tried new things.
I think I've had everything on the menu at least once throughout my lifetime.
My favorite dish currently is the Emperor's Favorite, chicken and shrimp with mixed veggies in a spicy white sauce.
Yum!
The soups are also amazing.
I'm a huge fan of egg drop soup and Wong's just knows how to do it.
If I were you I would also try the egg rolls, so good!
and only $1 per egg roll!
I'll always be a fan of Wong's and it will always be my go to Chinese restaurant.

Was apprehensive after looking at the pictures of the building and address.
More than pleasantly surprised!
Best Chinese I've experienced anywhere.

Huge fan of Wong's.
If you look at this place from the outside, it looks like it's condemned, but it's really good.
Normally I go there on the lunch hour and it fills up pretty quickly.
Despite how it looks, it's very clean and safe.
They have great lunch specials and I normally get the Orange Chicken, #15.
With the lunch special, you get a cup of Egg Drop soup.
Great service too.
Even when they're busy I normally get my food very quickly and the staff is very attentive to their customers.
They offer takeout - just call and tell them what you want.
Since they have limited seating takeout is always a good option.

I have never eaten in Wong's, only to go orders.
It is a Phoenix institution in a sea of Mexican restaurants.
When working in Phoenix, I on occasion have ordered take out for my staff on their advice.
It is really okay Chinese food.
If I was craving Chinese food, this wouldn't be it, but there is no Chinese food I have had in the Phoenix-Scottsdale area that would make me want to go back; including Flo's, Jade Palace, and Joyful Chinese.
They are all a 3 star, okay but not great.

For a very inexpensive Chinese restaurant this place really is good.
The delightful family who serves everyone goes out of their way to make their customers happy and well fed.
The food is excellently fresh and very tasty.
Also while the atmosphere is divey, it's adorable.

Wong's is super delicious and everything they make is.
So if you don't know what to get and just pick something it sure to be great!
I love their combo meals and the food is always fresh and steamy hot.
It's to die for.
The people are nice and the building looks torn up but it is safe and clean.
If you have to go to the bathroom, you have walk.
through the outskirts of the kitchen, sort of.
Either way the food and everything is excellent.
If your not picky.

Don't let the outside fool you.
The service was attentive and helpfull... possibly to the point of wierd.
We ordered and our crab puffs were out in a couple of minutes..and our meals followed another minute later.
Egg foo yung was hot and tasty.. the chop suey was loaded with sprouts and really tasty.. the fried rice was outright some of the best I have had.
It stole the show and I am not surehow much we could have eaten.. reasonable prices too.
If the area and outward appearance intimidate you... good.
Go somewhere else and leave this jewel alone.

Tried the popo platter appetizer.
The shrimp and beef were tasty morsels.
The chicken wings were extra crispy and drenched in a sauce similar to the orange chicken.
I like my wings this crispy and be careful with that sauce you will be hooked and craving it fortnightly like the colonel's chicken.
The star of our meal was the orange chicken.. crispy chicken chunks tasty orange sauce.
The fried rice just does not disappoint.
...
The others got the sweet and sour chicken.. it came on a separate plate because their rice and chow mein filled the plate.. they both commented that it was sparse on the sweet and sour chicken but both took home leftovers.
All in all no complaints.. the usual great service.

The orange chicken is great!!!
So are the egg rolls.
I don't really like fried rice but the orange chicken combined works well with it.
I haven't found a place with good sesame chicken at all, but this place makes me forget all about East coast sesame chicken!
The inside looks like you're in some local Chinese province (if you can relate), but the takeout option is fast and friendly.

What are we giving stars for?
If its atmosphere I'll take back all four stars.
This place loos like a gang hide away.
If it's for food then cool.
They deserve the 4 stars.
Great food that's inexpensive!
Nothing else to say about it.
No need to dress up.

