I didnt have the best experience.
I was given the hard sell on the car upgrade/insurance, the car had scratches all over it, and I returned it less than 2 hrs late and was charged for a full day.
That being said, I called management to report my concerns and I felt that they took them seriously.
They credited me for the extra day and indicated that they would try to fix the problem for the future.
I was impressed with the follow up customer service.

Worst rental car experience I've ever had.
We made a reservation for an economy car, when we got there we were told that we were being given a smart car that seats 2 even though the reservation clearly stated that the car would seat up to four because they said "all cars vary by location".
We were forced to pay for an upgrade and still given the smallest hatch back with a scratches and dents all over it and a  nonexistent trunk.
The customer service was worse than the car rental itself - will never rent from here again.

I was a little worried to rent from a smaller, lesser known rental car company.
I read the reviews on extra charges and upgrades that were unapproved.
But it was hard to resist as their prices are so much better then the big boy national chains.
If you stripped the Advantage sign off of their walls and replaced it with Hertz or Enterprise, you wouldn't have noticed any difference.
The staff manning the rental car desk where I confirm my reservation were very friendly and professional.
They didn't try to upsale me or hide anything.
When I went downstairs to pick up my car, my major concern was Advantage adding misc damage charges after I returned it.
So I used my iphone and recorded every inch in a video and noted even the slightest scratches on the form.
We received a clean, "new" Toyota Camry with AC, bluetooth and mp3 player.
Perfect for our needs.
I've checked my bill since and no extra charges have been applied.
I would certainly use them again, and use the same tactics to ensure I didn't get charged extra for phantom damages.
The only real issue with this rental car facility is that I went downstairs to the cars first instead of straight to the reservation desk.
Kind of a nuisance as their signage is not very clear.

I think I was set up.
I was given the hard sell (very hard sell) to take their insurance.
My car was dirty, all scratched up and had several stickers on it showing where damage had been noted.
I returned the car four hours early, the receiving agent went straight to the windshield and found a crack 1/4" long.
I received the car in the dark car rental center, how am I going to find a crack 1/4" long when I do my preliminary inspection.
The car was dirty and this guy conveniently found the windshield crack very quickly.
I think his little computer thing was tipping him of previous damage.
They charged $25 for it and threw in the comment "you should have taken our insurance.
"  I do not have any recollection of a rock hitting my windshield.
I cannot prove the damage did not happen when I was driving, but I am very suspicious.
The car was pretty dirty and smelly.
What I should have done was refuse it, but I waited in line 40 min to get to my rental and was running late to an appointment.
I will contact them to see if what their response is.
I will give them an opportunity to prove that Katherine P. is correct, that they have good customer service.
We will see.

Been in line for over one hour attempting to pick up car...do not use if you have an value of your own time This is unbelievable- holy hell Have a prepaid reservation.....
Doesn't matter

Lots of hate on yelp for this place - come on people and chill-ax.
Check-in was a breeze, less than 5 minutes and I was on my way to the rental cars.
Sure they tried to up sell a few services but a polite "no thank-you" was all it took.
BTW, I get the same up sell routine at every major rent-a-car place so they are doing nothing different.
Rental Car was a Nissan Altima for $9 a day, it was clean but had a couple of scratches on it but for $9 a day I can handle the minor cosmetic blemishes.
Car worked flawlessly and the AC kicked butt in the hot Arizona Summer sun.
I noted the scratches and handed in the form to the check-out person and we were on our way.
NOTE: This was probably the FASTEST car rental I have ever done in Phoenix (and I do a lot here)  Returns was another breeze, I didn't even get a chance to remove my luggage and the return girl handed me my receipt and said "have a nice day.
"  BOTTOM LINE: Super fast check-out, Super CHEAP prices, Super Fast Returns, Cars have a few more miles and some cosmetic damage that goes along with those miles but you save a bundle over the major companies.
I WILL RENT AGAIN.

Nothing like waiting in line for 57 minutes.
There were only 2 people working  the counters on a Saturday morning at 10:00am.
Everyone in line was annoyed!
The person who helped me was very helpful and the car was fine.
I wrote a letter to Advantage about my experience on their website and they NEVER wrote me back.
They don't care.
You will read many other reviews with the same problem.
They simply refuse to hire enough employees to handle the customers.
From now on I'll pay a little bit more to go with an ESTABLISHED company.
Advantage screwed me a lot in the past, and it's happened a couple of times over the past year.
Only use them if you're saving a LOT.
I changed all of my upcoming Expedia reservations to other companies.
But my Maui reservation will save me $60 over 3 days so they'll get my business that time.
That's it!
They pretty much SUCK as a company.
**update - I changed my Maui reservation last minute on Priceline woo hoo - I may never have to go with this bottom of the line company ever again**  By the way ALL of the employees I delt with at Phoenix were really trying.
I can't imagine how hard that must be dealing with angry customers all day working for a company like this.
HUGS to the employees and a big suck it to Advantage car rental.

First it took me 45 minutes to clear the line even though there were only 4 people ahead of me.The customer rep who took care of me was Matt.
He kept persuading me for all thier options (Pre-Paid Fuel, damage waiver, insurance, road side assistance etc...) he kept pesturing me to get a bigger car upgrade.
when I kept telling him a "No" he asked me "why dont you drive your own car?
" This guy was totally unprofessional and it was no way a pleasant experience.
I would avoid renting a car from here at any cost!
please do not rent your car from here even if its dirt cheap... it really does comes at a cost....

I will not be using Advantage at the Phoenix airport again.
There were at least 30 people in line in front of us.
It looked like a line at Disneyland.
There were only 3 employees working.
It took an hour and a half to get our car.
To top it off they tried to charge me more on a prepaid car because supposedly their tax had gone up since I booked the car.
REALLY?

There's a reason this company gets 2 stars.
I've rented on many occasions and have always been happy with the service, even when it comes to smaller-named companies.
I was extremely upset when I felt duped being triple charged at the airport and talked to three different reps before trying to catch my flight with the first words out of their mouths being "we can't do anything for you.
" I've never had a car rental company tell me that.
I was willing to be charged double the original quoted rate because of taxes and fees, but not triple.
They upscale and pressure you like no other car company I've worked with.
When I let them know I would never use this company again, they didn't seem to mind, which further shows their lack of customer service.

I would give 0 stars if I could!
I am in the process of relocating from Phoenix to Seattle and due to the last minute notice of the move, I had initially moved out to Seattle with my car a month prior and then flew back to Phoenix to pack all my belongings and officially move to Washington.
I knew that I would be needing a car while in Phoenix, and was really excited about the cheap deal I had found to rent a car with advantage.
When I arrived at Advantage, I was told that because my driver's license still had an address of Phoenix I needed to provide a copy of my insurance in order to rent the car, which was not possible for me to obtain because it was located in Washington.
The rental reservation had been made two week prior, and no notice of this policy had been communicated to me.
I explained my situation and the service attendant apologized and said that there was nothing they could do, which left me carless and having to go to another company and pay over 5x the amount.

Took 45 minutes to rent a car with only 1 person in live ahead of us.
They were too busy trying to upsell.
Good for their business, bad for customers.
Problems checking car back in on return.
Will never rent again.

If I could give them MORE than 5 stars, I would!!!
I was (admittedly) hesitant to rent from Advantage based on some of the reviews I read, but I could not pass up the great pricing Advantage offered!
I went in "expecting" there to be a problem...
I expected the employees to be rude, I expected they would not have the car I reserved and I expected them to try and talk me into everything additional they had to offer (at my expense)... NONE of that happened!
The employees were super friendly, I reserved a mid-size SUV and got a mid-size SUV!
The additional items (insurance, prepaid gas etc..) were "offered" but I was not pressured to purchase them once I declined!
The SUV was almost brand new (only had about 5000 miles on it)  It was a 2014 Jeep Cherokee sport, it drove awesome and had every feature I could imagine!
The only negative (which is NOT really a big deal (in the whole scheme of things) is the exterior was a little dirty which did not matter because the day after I rented it, it rained and there was a dust storm!
It's super hot In Arizona this time of year and I know they don't have each car professionally "detailed" every time it's returned... but I'm the type to look it over in its entirety and it was kinda hard to see past the water spots and surface scratches to mark any defects on the little sheet they give you (it was also almost 10pm)  I did not think the exterior cleanliness was a big deal!
Come to find out, the gentleman that helped me at the counter, was actually the manager!
He was a really nice guy!
We ended up discussing Yelp and some of the reviews online, I was quite surprised that HE actually reads the reviews on yelp!
He was open and honest about the criticism that Advantage had received (some of it warranted, and some not... in my opinion) and showed an interest in wanting to correct the negative and make things better.
I assured him that I would be writing a review on Yelp once my rental period ended and without hesitation he said he was looking forward to it!
I had a GREAT experience and was VERY happy with Advantage and would definitely rent from them again!

