I have never used airport parking before, so I started doing some research online.
I found Preflight parking, and saw they had an online coupon so I decided to try it out.
I get to the location, and the parking attendant tells me to go to a row with no spaces, so I just find another one.
This is one of, if not the most cramped parking lots I have ever been in.
Really, I don't know how some people can get out of their cars if they're not small, because there really isn't that much space.
There's a shuttle waiting to take me to the main terminal, and its quick because I was the only passenger.
They gave me a slip of paper that told me where my car was, so I would know when I got back.
Coming back was quite easy too.
I came back on a Sunday night and the parking lot was a lot emptier from people that had come back earlier.
It was easier getting out than I would have thought.
I paid, and I remember that it seemed like it was more expensive than I would have thought because there was a big sign that said $7/day for uncovered parking.
Apparently, its $7 WITH the coupon, so remember to print your coupons people.
It would have been $9/day without it.
Other than the super tight parking, I have no complaints, other than their advertising seemed a bit shady to me.
I will probably return, but I think the service could be better.

I pulled into the lot and was picked up immediately and whisked off to the airport.
When I got home, I waited less than two minutes at the terminal and the driver even offered me a bottle of water.
Efficient, polite, and fairly priced.
That's as good as it gets!
PS - I will never park at FastTrack Airport Parking again.

Awesome.
So much better than parking on site.
Safe and good prices keep me coming back.
Flying during a busy time, go to their website to make a reservation...that's right a reservation!
Also print out a coupon for a couple bux off per day.

I have used PreFlight for over ten years I think (wow!
time flies!!).
It is extremely convenient and easy, along with competitive pricing.
I have never had to wait more than a few moments for a van to pick me up - both from the parking lot to get me to the airport, and from the curbside pick up to take me back to my car.
Much less schlepping of luggage than parking on-site at the airport as they pick you up and drop you off at your car!
There are probably some tricks as to the more convenient locations to park within the lot, I have my favorites that get me in an out quickest (not sure if I want to share these!!).
I have even used their car wash services in the past and returned home to a clean car ready for me to head home in!
They have a frequent parkers program, online reservations for those busy times at the airport - and best yet, free (yes, free) cold water bottles at the vending machines as you are leaving the parking area (this is a fantastic perk during the summer months, returning home dehydrated from flying and getting into a hot car!).
Definitely a recommend.

Anytime I can't hitch a ride to the airport I always park at PreFlight.
Why?
Because it takes much less time than parking at the airport itself, it's cheaper (check out the coupons on the website!
) and they have a Frequent Parker Program so I earn a free day for every five days parked.
Now, I always liked PreFlight but last week I decided that I love them because after returning from an awesome weekend in Vegas I hopped on the PreFlight shuttle bus (which comes every few minutes) and arrived at the lot to find a sad car with a dead battery.
It was hot and I was in no mood to play games with my car.
I tried and tried but I couldn't get her to come to life.
Within seconds a PreFlight staffer drove up out of nowhere in a golfcart with a portable jumper cable box and revived my car so I could get a move on.
Talk about service!
Had I parked at the airport I'm not sure how long I would have been stranded!

On a recommendation from a friend, I parked my car here for 3 days during a short trip.
I parked in the covered parking area thinking I'd protect my car.
However, it rained while I was gone and when I returned my car had water spots all over it.....so much for covered parking.
The good news is that it was only $11 per day and I signed up for their frequent parking card that will allow me to earn a free day for every 5 days I park....cool.
The shuttle to/from the airport is very convenient and the drivers are friendly and helpful.
They will pick you up at your car and drop you off at your car when you return.....that's pretty good service.
I like this place even though my car wasn't really covered.
Return Factor - 97%

My husband and I have been parking here ever since 2007.
We love the promptness and ease of accessibility.
Their rates are exceptional and the coupon provides and even better rate.
I ran into a situation where my husband was unable to get on his return flight for a couple days and I didn't want the car sitting in the lot for those additional days.
I didn't have a ticket stub (in husbands brief case) and Carlos (the manager) was really helpful by allowing me to use my husbands itinerary as a date of arrival within their parking lot.
He was more than accommodating and such a pleasure.
I will always use Preflight Parking, as they treated me like family and I am so grateful!

Remembered that I liked PreFlight, but had a bad experience this time.
We pulled in, parked in a covered spot, waited for the shuttle, then watched a shuttle driver make eye contact with us, then drive away!
We wandered up to the entrance kiosk, and was met by another driver who claimed that he was the one who was supposed to pick us up... well, then why did I have to go over there to pick him up?
Anyway, I'm going back to BlueSky next time.
Closer to Tucson, and they actually pick you up from your car!

oh how I love Preflight!
Traveling these days can really suck - it's a hassle getting to and through the airport so I have to thank Preflight for taking some of the pain away.
I've had nothing but great experiences with them.
The booth attendants are always friendly and happy.
I don't know how they do it, but without fail, no sooner have I gotten out of my car, and the magic bus is magically there!
I don't think I've waited for more than 2 minutes ever.
They keep the shuttles icy cold in the summer too.
My absolute favorite thing about Preflight is the drivers.
These guys are not messing around, taking the scenic route to the airport and driving as slow as possible.
They're efficient, and they're courteous.
Best of all, when you return to Sky Harbor, you won't wait long for a shuttle to show up.
I don't know how often they run them, but I've come in at all hours of the day and night without having to wait forever.
Also if you want a car wash, they do an incredible job - the best car wash I've had in PHX.
They even vacuumed out my trunk without me asking or charging me more considering that I'd been hauling plants all around in it the weekend before.
Do check the website for coupons and consider joining their frequent parker program for some nice perks.

I recommend this place without reservation.
The only place we park when we travel.
Friendly employees.

They really make travel easy.
Not only is it cheaper to park at Pre-Flight than to park at the airport, it is also more convenient.
When you arrive, they give you a section to park in.
Within a matter of minutes a van picks you up from you car and a friendly drive loads your luggage into the van.
When you arrive at the airport, the same friendly driver take care of your bags again.
Upon returning, you go to the designated curb and a van is never more than 10 minutes away.
They take you right to your car and will even load your luggage into your trunk.
Excellent service!

When first deciding to take a chance on PreFlight Airport Parking, I thought it would be an average-priced airport parking service with nothing special offered.
I was certainly wrong!
Rather, PreFlight was quite affordable and offered quite a number of perks that I haven't experienced at its competitors.
For starters, there are always coupons available whether on its website or in mailings.
Second, it has a great online frequent parker program, which offers free parking days, car washes, or airline miles.
Third, the service is usually quite fast and convenient.
I think out of the dozen times I have parked there, I have only waited once for a van when I had just parked and only waited twice for more than five minutes at the airport on the way home (guess I should have called when I got my luggage instead of trying my luck!).
Also, they offer complimentary newspapers as you arrive and bottled water as you leave.
Finally, you can reserve a space online or prepay a reservation ahead of time.
To save a couple of dollars, you can redeem a free day or two, then use a coupon for so much off per day.
Sometimes they will calculate the full price of the free day or two (before the coupon discount) and then take the discount off the other days.
Either way, make sure you give your frequent parker card to also earn more free days.

We first used PreFlight in Boston and were happy to see it in Phoenix as well.
Overall, our experience was great and similar to that of Boston's service.
A few days before, we pre-booked online, which I recommend since you get the best rates that way and don't have to fiddle with money upon check-out.
We parked and a shuttle arrived shortly after.
The drivers were courteous and helpful.
Upon return, we gave them a quick call since it was after 10pm and they picked us up promptly from the terminal.
Checking out was quick enough.
They took our printed reservation page and we were on our way.
I saw the water vending machine right before the gate, but I didn't bother getting one.
I'm not sure where the newspapers that others have mentioned were located.
Why PreFlight over many of the competitors that also had good yelp reviews (Blue Sky, etc.)?
They have a presence in the BOS and BWI airports, among others, which means that we can earn points and use them at PreFlight places across the country.
Note: Covered parking, which is slightly more expensive that uncovered, was canopy-style covering in the parking lot.
It wasn't a problem for us, but we were just expecting a garage.

I used PreFlight this past weekend for a trip home to CA.
The location was so convenient and the people were all very nice.
I love how they pick you up at your car and even take you right back to your exact spot.
You can choose between covered and uncovered and their prices are very reasonable.
I will use them again in the future and I will make sure to spread the word!

When I travel and need to leave my car parked somewhere, I choose to use PreFlight.
Since my last review over 2 yrs ago, I've continued to use this service.
It's located a short distance from the airport, but it's significantly cheaper than parking at the airport, so you can save some money.
They also have coupons available which add to the savings.
I'm glad a friend referred me to this place early on.
Since then, I've recommended it to many friends and associates.
Return Factor - 100%

Skip the airport lots and start with the rewards program at PreFlight!
They pick you up and drop you off AT YOUR CAR!
Both covered (canopy) and uncovered options, always fast and attentive, and service is great.
(Its nice to tip your driver if they help with your bag and load your car.
)  They've long had a rewards program that gives you your choice of airline miles, free parking days, car washes or detailing - and I appreciate having the options.
It's great to park for work and save up those points for personal trips.
Now, with their ExpressPass program, you can also receive a prox card you just wave at the gate to enter, and wave at the gate to exit - skip the exit lines, get an emailed receipt - love it for my expense reports!
They still have free water bottles at the exit - for a brief time you needed to ask at the gate for them, but they again have a working vending machine on the way out.
Just be polite and only take one per person.

I agree with the other reviews.
This place is cheaper than all the others.
But I think that reflects on their customer service.
I had made a reservation online about a month in advance.
And when I arrived to park, they told me that there were no spots available, and could they valet my car.
Fine.
As long as I don't pay extra and I can park my car.
However when I returned to town and was given my keys, I noticed that my car was unlocked.
I was a little worried..
I tried to start my car.
No luck.
I tried to lock my car.
Nothing.
And on top of that, I noticed that I know have little scratches on my drivers side door.
I noticed that an employee had moved my car (since it had to be valeted even though I didn't order that), and that they had left the dome light on, thus killing the battery, the car alarm, and my keys.
It was upsetting.
Thank goodness I had a battery operated jump starter since no one was around to help me sort this out.
After my trip, I received an email asking how the service was.
I let them know what happened, but no on responded to my complaints.
I am appalled by the lack of respect for the customer.
I will never park there again.
I will not recommend this place.
I would rather pay extra to ensure that my car will be taken care of properly.

My favorite place to park as they have great rates, fast pick up and free bottled water.
They offer covered parking and car washes as well which I have not utilized.

Got me to my terminal so quick I now need to figure out how to kill extra time.
Guess it's going to be a Starbucks day.
#cantdenyit

Will never park anywhere else!
I was totally impressed!
I was very leery about parking anywhere but at the airport but having a limited budget I had to go with the best rate I could find.
I chose to pre-pay online which made the 5 day rate cheaper than anywhere else and not just by a dollar or two.
The shuttle picked me up at my car and the driver helped me with my bags and then wrote down the location of my car.
On my return trip I didn't get in until after midnight and didn't have to call and wait for a shuttle.
There were several shuttles running and it took me less than 10 minutes to get out of the airport and to my car.
Again the driver helped me with my bags and then waited for me to get my keys out and start my car before driving away.
Everyone was very professional and courteous.
I will never park at the airport again and will be telling all of my friends about preflight parking!

