-1   Couldn't find my size in the drawers.
+1  A nice rep found it for me.
+0  Was the wrong fit.
+1 She came in and measured me and let me know my size had changed.
-1  She also told me that my size will change when "you gain 10 lbs.
" Fellow Yelpers, you know there are photos on this site.
That's all I'll say about that comment, which could really hurt someone's feelings if they really do have a weight issue.
+1  The item was on sale!
-1  No one working the register.
-1  Same rep decides to avoid eye contact with me instead of pointing me to the lotion side of the store to open registers - I had no idea I was STANDING IN LINE at a set of registers that no one was even keyed in at.
-1  When I do realize there are other registers open, I am nearly knocked down by another customer who had to "beat" me to them so she could put $13 on her VS card account.
Nice work, hon.

I LOVE Victoria's Secret, I've been going to this location since high school.
I haven't really had any major size issues like the other girls have stated.
I do think that some of the girls that work here are bitches though.
There are a couple who are nice & helpful but a majority are just rude & that does get super annoying.
I was here this past Saturday & bought 2 body by victoria push up bras, 1 in white stars & 1 in black.
I got hooked on these bras when I bought 1 in nude dot a few months back, they are the most comfy push ups EVER!
I had received a lil coupon card for $10 off any bra + a free panty (they send these cards like every couple months).
Luckily the bras I got were buy 1 get 1 50% off, so I scored 2 for about $58.
The free panty has me a lil worried though, it's a 1 size fits all thong, ugh.
It was free though so I guess I can't complain.
There were tons of colors to chose from & I picked the multicolored leopard.
It's the Holiday season, so they had their secret reward card worth up to $500, that you can start using Dec. 1st.
I usually get the $10 one but hey I'll take it, any excuse to go shopping at VS!

Yup, got the $10 card as usual.
Found this super cute, royal blue baby doll dress.
Perfect for our anniversary next weekend ;)

This location is pretty small and rarely ever stocked, but when it is, it's great.
Unfortunately, it's not stocked on more occasions when I visit then it is stocked.
Also, now that the Fashion Square location has been remodeled and turned into something close to Heaven, this store has a lot to live up to and doesn't stand a chance unless it gets a complete makeover.
Staff can be hard to find, but once found are generally more than happy to help you with any questions you might have.
One of the tricky parts of this store is checking out.
There are two checkout counters that aren't visible to each other.
One in the lingerie section and the other in the their body/scent shop.
You might end up waiting at one for several minutes before venturing over to see if their are employees at the other counter checking people out, grr.

Their service is horrible which is a surprise because nobody its hardly in there.
I visit a VS store 2-3 times a month.
I came into this site it was bout really packed I needed help and was ignored the whole time.
Someone came in I heard the "Welcome to Victoria Secret,  can i help you find anything" it kinda felt like a slap in my face.
When I was paying for my stuff the woman asked if anyone helped me.
I had explained to her that everyone ignored me when I seeked help m the service was horrible.
All she did was continue to ignore and have a dude conversation.
I ended up leaving the stuff I was going to buy because I was so disgusted.

