Be careful, they say their fees are flat, but the "rate" sheet of what's covered and not covered in that flat fee excludes all the right things.
I paid a flat fee for a simple bankruptcy, and am still getting bills for hundreds of dollars.
Half an hour for reviewing papers is $150.
You get little to no contact with them, other than having them forward paperwork to you.
It's still a LOT of work and confusion.

I am extremely impressed with my experiences with Platt and Westby.
I can't believe the negative review I just read.
They are honest, fair, reassuring, and always were willing to help me with my needs.
I felt the pricing was very fair.
I would definitely recommend them as they know their stuff and have support staff helping to move things along.
Not only does this firm have the experience to back themselves up but they treat you with respect and care.
That is rare in the legal profession these days.
I would highly recommend.

I was fortunate enough to find this law firm while I had a real estate dispute.
I talked with Mr. Westby via email and he suggested I visit his office to discuss my case.
He spent over 45 minutes reviewing my dispute details and was very honest in his assessment.
He was fair, open and willing to help.
This law firm was built by honest partners and has been a part of the community for over 35 years, and it should be on top of your list.

I can't even believe I saw these guys pop up when I looked for "lawyer" in AZ.
I am compelled to write a review because of my family's experience with this firm.
My experience with them is not direct, my sister dealt with them years ago when she was gravely injured when a BALCONY collapsed with her on it.
She was referred to Platt by a family friend.
Unfortunately, her P.I.
case was not handled well, partly due to the fact that these guys were not well versed in those types of cases.
Instead of referring her elsewhere, to an attorney better suited to her type of case, they took her case and almost ruined it.
She was "stuck" with Platt by then, and could not afford to get another attorney.
In my opinion, taking a case when it is not in the best interest of a client, ie.
that is not your specialty, is not professional.
She should have been informed during consultation that this was not their area of expertise.
I really believe had she had a better attorney she would have gotten a settlement that matched her permanent injury.
But that is just my opinion, and this is Yelp.

