OK, so I don't normally go to restaurants that are in strip malls in industrial areas, but I heard my assistant raving about this place, and off we went.
It is kind of hidden in plane sight, and is easy to pass, and whatever you do, don't listen when a smart assed back-seat driver says "it's right up here, past the junk yard".
Today is Wednesday, and the special was the "Kick Ass Meatloaf".
I don't know about you, but when somebody makes such an outrageous claim,  I have to try and prove them wrong.
Service was good and quick and the food was good.
The portions were huge, but I left there as an official member of the Big Boys Clean Plate Club.
Yea for me!
Every day is a different lunch special, but I'm kind of quirky and will probably find myself eating there every Wednesday for 9 weeks, then I'll go on a Tuesday.
Hopefully their Tuesday special is good.
I'll let you know October.

Not a bad little place to go for lunch.
They have pretty good food and decent prices.
I've only been there a couple of times but both times had good service and left satisfied.
Not really else to say...pretty standard bar and grill...  Give it a try...chances are you'll like it.

This unassuming place is run by some of the most down-to-earth people I've ever encountered.
The food is excellent and the wait staff aims to please.
This is a great place for lunch.
It's very warm and inviting.
My coworkers and I agree that this is a new standard lunch spot.
I'm happy to call myself a regular.

The South Bank Grill is a great little lunch spot.
Don't blink as you drive down 40th Street, or you'll miss it between the junk yard and the industrial complex.
The interior is an eclectic mixture of sports memorabilia (go Bears!
), circa 1986 wall art, and kitchen decorating on a dime.
Tables and chairs mostly match and are of the church basement variety.
You'll also find a pool table here, but no play until after 2pm so that customers can lunch in peace.
The menu contains a standard bar and grill offerings, and everything I've had has been quite good.
The salads are huge with fresh toppings, though I admit I wasn't a fan of the sherry vinaigrette and had to turn it in for ranch.
I've also tried their pierogi special, which was as authentic as I'd find in the Red Apple in Chicago (but less greasy).
The staff are the best part of this diner.
My waitress was happy, funny, and very attentive.
I'm annoyed by waitstaff who show up when I don't need them and hide when I do, but our server was perfect.
I'd recommend this place because of her, even if the food was bad.
Plenty of parking available off street.
They also have a full bar for afternoon meetings.
They can handle groups of up to 6 easily, but if you bring more, show up early so you can find seating.

Great food, great people.
Try the kielbasa.
If they had a microbrew or two on the beer list, I'd give it 6 stars.

This place is really in the middle of nowhere and it's too bad because I'm sure they will be out of business soon.
I probably eat there at least once a week and I have yet to have a bad meal.
The chipotle steak sandwich is my favorite and the people there are as friendly as they get.
Hurry up and help save this place.

This place is great.
Food is served quickly and at a reasonable price.

I have been to South Bank about half a dozen times now and this little hole is the wall is great for lunch.
It's a little gem In an industrial area with not a lot of dining choices sans the JITB down the street.
The service is always quick and pleasant, prices reasonable, generous portion sizes and above average food.
The Chipotle Steak Sandwich is the bomb!
I also like the Albuquerque Turkey Sandwich.
All sandwiches/entrees come with a side choice, the normal prefab frozen fries (always served hot), coleslaw, cottage cheese, etc.
Daily lunch specials like Italian Beef Sandwiches and Friday Fish Fry are both excellent choices.
A co-worker recently had the shrimp basket and she ate everything, fries, coleslaw and the huge breaded shrimp, said she would be ordering it again.
They have happy hour and televise UFC fights but I can't vouch for either.
If you work in the area give them a try for lunch it's a great little family run, neighborhood business serving good food.

Um....
seriously?!?!?!
4 1/2 stars?!?!?!
I guess if you are a blue collar worker that has less than 30 minutes for lunch and you want to eat in a run down neighborhood bar atmosphere and over pay for sub par food than this is the place for you.
My husband and I just ate there.
He ordered the Chipotle Steak Sandwich, diet style.
That is no bread and a side salad instead.
It looked like something you would get in a mall food court.
The ONLY vegetarian option was a grilled cheese sandwich.
I got the fruit cup as a side.
It was a bit hard, a bit flavorless... cantaloupe.
I could have made a much better lunch at home for less than the $21 we paid to eat at South Bank Grill.
I can't believe I just ate at this place!!

Just tried to go by for lunch today.
Haven't been in a while.
Shocked to see a sign on the door that said it has went out of business.
Sad to see it go.

closed - this is now la canasta.

