The food is as original as it gets..
Try the garlic wings..... and the pork fried rice.. Best egg rolls on the west coast, hands down.. greasy food when it's needed, amazing flavors that remind you of when food was good..   it is a very ghetto establishment, pick up only, no tables, but when you get there, you will see why..  just grab the amazing food and go!!!
you will thank me later for the amazing food...

Sand F. said it right.
I used to frequent this joint every week for several years back in 1999/2000.
Glad to see they are there still.
Excellent unique food.
Try a slappy bag.

OMG!
I cannot believe there are not more reviews for Tam's!
This little hole in the wall (and by hole in the wall I mean literally) provides the best blackenese chinese soul food I have ever tasted!
As black folk, it is not common for us to say we don't like fried chicken, but I was losing my taste for it!
I have to say Tam's restored my love for chicken!
It's the most flavorlicious chicken you will ever taste!
They also have the best fried rice, chow mein noodles, egg foo young w/chicken gravy!
I don't think there is anything bad on their menu!
Now......
I will say that the location is not desirable, but like a crack head will do anything for a hit,  I will go where ever I have to for Tam's chicken and chinese food!
I love it!
I drive all the way from North Scottsdale when I need a fix!
LOL!
My family out town loves it too!
Sometimes I get calls from family asking if I can ship some chicken to them all the way to Texas!
Just remember they cook to order so make sure you call ahead to place your order.
But if you are just 15 mins later than the time your order is ready be prepared to wait because your order has been served to someone else!
They don't play!
If they say it will be ready in 10 mins, be there in 10 mins!

I had never heard of Tam's until one of my best friends kept talking about this fabulous little hole in the wall of a place.
I'm glad she did.
Better yet, I'm happy she decided to pick up some Tam's and head over to my place for dinner.
I gotta admit that Mona is right about Tam's serving up the 'best blackenese chinese soul food' in town.
For real****  Best chicken wings.
I love their egg foo young w/chicken gravy!
Yummers.
I will definitely keep this place in mind for the future.
I've yet to actually pick up an order from this place but if it tastes just like what I had when Mona brought a bit of Tam's to our house, then it's definitely worth the drive.
Five Stars, Baby!

Amazing Garlic Chicken Wings.
Truly amazing.
This joint does not get any more humble.
The sign on the road merely says "Chinese Food" in both English and Spanish.
It doesn't even say Tams.
There are no tables.
It's literally a hole in a wall.
Get out of your car, walk up to the hole in the wall, place your order, wait 10 minutes, grab your goodies and drive away.
The menu has all the favorites you would expect  but you want to get the chicken wings.
(Many different flavors available.. we got garlic).
They're part southern fried chicken, part chicken wing (you get the whole wing - not just 'paddles' and 'drums") and part chinese food.
Chinese Soul food indeed, and perhaps the best wings in town.
We also had the chicken egg foo young and it was superb.
The egg roll was big, thick and loaded with goodies.
It was also dripping with grease....
I'm not sure if that's a good thing or a bad thing.
Anyway, I ate all of it and it was pretty darn tasty.
Unless you're packing, I would go to Tams during daylight.
The neighborhood is tough.
Try Tam's.
It's amazing.

i had a craving for some tasty Chinese food but didn't want to drive too far from home.
i got on yelp, read the reviews and i was sold on the chicken wings.
i called ahead, placed my order for the garlic wings and egg rolls.
make sure to take cash, no cards accepted!
as soon as my order was ready i got in the car and immediately the aroma from those wings filled the space.
these are the best wings i have ever had!!!
crunchy, full of flavor, and really big pieces.
the brown bags keep the wings nice and hot, and keep the scent.
really inexpensive-4 wings and 2 egg rolls for $7... definitely a little hidden hole in the wall in phoenix!

I do not understand what all the fuss is about!
My son chose to get take out from here for his 12th birthday.
I won't likely ever order food from here again.
He ordered the combination plate #6- Chicken Chow Mein, Chicken Fried rice, Sweet & Sour Chicken and one egg roll for $7.85.
He liked it.
The serving size was HUGE.
You could easily feed two people.
I also ordered vegetable egg fu yung.
I was told it is vegetarian.
At first I wasn't thrilled with it but each bite grew on me more.
I liked it.
However, all the food was so greasy and unhealthy that I wouldn't choose to eat it again.
We ordered egg rolls and my husband said this was his favorite thing.
We got the garlic chicken wings.
Hugs chicken wings not what I usually get.
However, they were unbelievably greasy.
We got the vegetable lo mein.
Very black peppery and not very many vegetables.
I didn't like it.
The last thing we ordered was the vegetable fried rice.
Boring.
The total bill was $31.
Enough food to feed 7 people at least.
We had tons of leftovers and no one is really wanting to eat them.

In a never ending quest to find new lunch spots me and a coworker stumbled upon this place.
Hearing it from another person we were originally looking for somewhere else.
Overall I thought the food was excellent.
A generous portion, and a price you can't beat.
A little difficult to order but got exactly what we wanted.
Only problem I can see is no where to sit.
So you have to take it to go.
Still worth it.

$4 for a pint, I ordered chicken fried rice, and alBest  hole in the wall chinese food place in South Phoenix!

I would give it 3.5 stars if I could.
Now on the details:  The good: I ordered the small/regular Chicken and Snow Peas with steamed rice.
It WAS amazing!
Really truly loved it.
I normally go for stronger sauces (think soy and teriyaki) but this light sauce was just the right amount of wonderful.
And for about $5?!
That makes me smile.
The bad: Seriously bad location and their sign is pretty faded and say "Tam's Mexican food" on it?
I was like HUH??
Oh well, despite this I managed to find it.
It is truly a hole in the wall that you walk up to, order, and then wait in the stifling heat for your food.
And while I didn't get sick, I sort of doubt that all the health codes are being followed.
The really bad: I also ordered fried wontons, 12 for about $3.
When I ordered them the girl at the counter went back and forth with me about crab puffs versus wontons?
I said WONTONS not CRAB PUFFS because I'm allergic to crab!
Okay so I get home with my food and pull out the TINY wontons.
Last time I checked wontons had meat wrapped up in them.
These did not and I was really annoyed.
I paid $3 for 12 plain fried noodles.Yeah...not good at all.
All in all, barring the wontons, I would go back there to get food if I was in a hurry.
Better choice than Panda Express or any of the other chain chinese food stores.

Decided to try this place pit because of how close it is to my job.
Ironically my students have been talking so highly about Tams that I had to see what the hype was about.
Great price for the amount of food that you get.
The food is fresh and not as generic as a big chain Chinese place.
I highly recommend at least trying it for a quick pick me up.
The building is not much for the eyes but I have found that these are some of the best places.
This place gets the yelp from me.
Lol.

A coworker suggested this place for delivery - I'll never order from here again!
The egg rolls are disgusting, the one peice of crab rangoon I received was burnt!
My cashew chicken with fried rice was so disappointing, as the fried rice was burnt with little brown eggs and smelled horrible (could've been the over usage of bean sprouts in the fried rice).
The sweet & sour chicken could have been so great - but the breading was soggy and the chicken was so dry & chewy... Not to mention they forgot the drinks I paid for...

Went here with my father-in-law after a twilight session of golf.
Sketch neighborhood after dark....but we had a back up plan in case of any trouble.
Seriously.
Great chinese, though!
Side note: Bring extra couple of bucks for the "street walkers.

Do not go here at all.
The people that run this place are not nice to customers at all.

I don't really give five stars but it SAYS as good as it gets... which is true because the Chinese American food in Phoenix is wack.
Very tasteless and the rice is disgusting at most places.
BUT THIS PLACE?!
It takes me back to St. Louis (my hometown) it's not as good but its good for being in Phoenix.
I know good Chinese food and this is IT.
If you live close... and even if you don't I think it's worth the drive if your craving it enough.
It's extremely ghetto.
A true hole in the wall PLEASE do not expect much when you go here.
It's the results when your eating that are worth it.
If you go off an establishment by looks then this place may not be for you.
But if you can get past the looks I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
I ordered the shrimp fried rice and regular wings each time.
I ALWAYS call ahead, and they usually have my food ready when I get there.
Again it is a true hole in the wall so don't be alarmed.
But its cheap and it's good.
Oh and I am SURE it's cash only.
It just doesn't seem like a place with a CC machine.

Just found this little gem today and boy am I glad I did.
I've barely noticed the building during my many trips past this place.
You order your food outside through a a tiny window and there is no seating, so take out only, and they only take cash.
Let me tell you, it is worth it!
I ordered the Pepper Steak lunch special.
The pepper steak has tender beef, green peppers, carrots, onions and peppercorns with a delightful sauce.
You get a large portion of the entree, a mound of fried rice, a yummy egg roll and a fried wonton.
You get all of this for just under $5.00 and it was ready in under 15 minutes.
Big win!
This place is so close to my work and has been there for long time.
I'm only sad I didn't find it sooner!
You can find their menu online if you search "tam's chinese food phoenix".
Definitely a hit in our office!
I highly recommend it.

Found out about this place via Yelp after growing tired of the usual China Chili & PeiWei.
I was craving some good ole ghetto chinese food like the kind I'm used to growing up in Chicago and this place was just what I needed, I ordered 8 jalapeno wings, pork fried rice and an eggroll - it was greasy, the guy at the register was rude & a couple of neighborhood questionables showed up while I was there but man was it worth it, this definately hit the spot.
They have descent lunch specials and my total came to $9 and some change for all that I listed above, I'll be back.
They accept CC but there's a .75 service charge - not sure if many know it's illegal for businesses to add service charges for card use but it is...considering the neighborhood I would be a little leery carrying cash in the area at night if you're not from those parts.

Best Chinese food I had yet being from los Angeles, its in the hood like Louisiana chicken on Manchester & Normandie.
Had shrimp fried rice that was good and well balance between rice shrimp, orange chicken that was better to me then pandas, eggs rolls was better then average they was good.When it come to that fried plain chicken Omg slap who's ever with you good sorry baby.
:Dlol

I have been going to Tams every since I was a little girl in church.
Now that I am an adult I still go and I enjoy the food.
The prices are great, I usually order fried chicken (garlic or jalapeno), egg fu yung, and shrimp fried rice.
I get all of these items for around 20 dollars.
I love this place, and I will continue to go back along as it remains.
I will introduce my children to the goodness of Tams just like my parents did for me!

Great food, good service - I had Sesame Chicken lunch special - Reminds me of Chinese food back in Chi-Town.
Excellent value for the $, but maybe the person answering the phone could have a bit less attitude, ;-)

