I recently purchased of $1200 worth of plants when I was accompanied with my Landscape designer though the pricing seemed high you guys assured me I was getting wholesale pricing.
I soon found out that I could have gotten the same plants at Home Depot for retail pricing PLUS with a one year warranty for LESS.
I contacted my sales rep afterwards and you guys said nothing could be done.
The same plants that you guys charged $175 wholesale were available for $99 at Home Depot and Summerwinds both of whom provide a warranty.
You guys acknowledged my frustration but said nothing could be done.
I understand you guys are mainly a wholesale nursery and also supply to chains like Homedepot.
Customers are at your mercy when we come in with our landscapers because there are no real prices posted until the sale is done.
We purchase on good faith that Wholesale pricing should by in large beat  Retail pricing hands down.
This wasn't the case.
This was my second time I've shopped there, I suspected I got burned on my first visit but I let it go since I was not accompanied by landscape designer.
But I'm now the wiser as I have proof.
Buyer beware.

There's not a lot to say about this place.
They have an enormous amount of pots.
I'm not good at estimating numbers this large, but I'm going to say they have about 15,000 pots, from tiny plastic pots, to several-thousand-dollar planters.
The pots appeared to have a variety of origins, qualities, and styles.
We bought several, and they're great.
I found this place because I was at Home Depot, trying to buy two matching pots, and I noticed the tag on one of them said it was from The Plant Stand of Arizona.
So I tracked it down, and indeed this seems to be the supply point for a lot of pots.
It's in the back of a shady neighborhood - just keep driving.
They also have a selection of plants.
There weren't many when we visited, but it looks like seasonally, that probably changes.
Still, they had enough to be interesting.

My husband and I stopped in to look around and were very overwhelmed by their huge variety of plants and pots.
However, shopping there was a pleasant experience.
Our sales rep, David, was really friendly and very knowledgeable.
He really took the time to ask us a bunch of relevant questions as to what we are looking for and to help us decide on our final purchase.
I would definitely recommend anyone in the area to go and check it out and I will definitely be going back for the spring season.

Great selection of pots, not great prices and customer service is poor.
Do not buy plants from them.
The plants are grown in california so they offer no warrenty and they are overpriced to boot.They do have a written return policy posted that states no refunds are given, only store credit.
I tried to return a plant  for credit and was told the pollicy is only for pots.
After spending over $1000.00  I was fine with store credit as I would have liked to have choosen another plant but now I am stuck with it despite the policy not making the differntiation.
As a bussiness owner myself I would have honored the policy i posted.
That is why I say they have POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE.

