I'm a huge quesadilla fan.
I'm also a big fan of fresh food.
In addition to that, as often as possible I like to be a patron of the small locally held businesses in the area where I live.
I like spending my money there because they spend their money here and we all know that's good for the local economy.
Okay so here we go.
This place has a pretty big blue sign on the front of the store.
They have a half a dozen or so parking spaces of their own in front.
It's nothing to look at but what goes on under the hood is pretty darn special.
There is only about 5' x 12' of walking space in front of the counter.
Directly in front of you when you walk in the door there are pork rinds, Cabeza, Cow Tongue and a few other traditional Mexican entrées nicely seasoned and cooked.
In the back behind the counter you can see through an open door, a team of folks working hard and making tortillas.
This is what I was here for.
Now over to your right they have prepackaged in a few different denominations and sizes fresh tortillas made probably only earlier that day and packaged right there on the spot.
I bought myself a dozen 12 inch flour tortillas for $1.98 .
I couldn't wait to rip open the package and try one right outside the store (I ended up eating three)  Yummy !
All I can say now is I don't know if I can go back to the ones I used to get at Fry's.
If any of you have ever had fresh flower tortillas you already know what I'm talking about.
Check it out for yourself!

Let me start by saying that any business that cheats me on the money gets a ONE STAR review, period, & I HAVE had that happen now and then.
Ok, so I was hungry for a good homemade burrito this morning and you can't make a REAL burrito out of those little dinky flour tortillas they sell at Fry's.
A burrito tortilla is 15" in diamater, not 8 or 11"!
SO, I whipped down to this place & bought a big 3 1/2 lb.
package of a dozen 15" tortillas, still warm from being made, for $2.95.
So far, so good.
When I got home, I got to thinking about what they charged me, $3.22.
Wait a minute!
The tax on groceries (which already seems wrong) is 2%, not 9.3%!
So I called down there & the owner said that's how much they have to charge.
Huh?
Ok, so who's cheating me, the business or the State?
So I called the AZ Dept.
of Revenue, where neither Ms. Clueless nor her supervisors were able to come up with an answer to why this one business is charging full retail sales tax on groceries!
Yes, they also sell hot food to go here at La Sororense, taxable at the higher rate, but so does Fry's and they don't charge 9.3% tax on tortillas!
Well, since the Authority that actually collects sales tax doesn't have a clue what they're doing, who's to know which party is cheating every customer who comes here to buy tortillas?
SO, it's 1-Star for the tax, but not for certain against this small business.
:-O  So what about the tortillas?
Well, I made my genuine burrito from one of the big, still warm tortillas, & both the tortilla and the rest of the burrito were terrific!
5 Stars, if I say so myself.
:-))  Ok, so until I get to the bottom of this, if ever, it's 1 Star for the money (maybe), & 5 Stars for the food (for sure), so THEY GET 3 STARS, & THAT'S FINAL!
Well ok, ALMOST final!
:-)    I was buying 50 oz.
of tortillas according to the package and actually received 56 oz.
(Yes I weighed them out of the package!).
Ok, so at 5.9¢ per ounce (What do you mean, "Where's the 'Cents' key?
), I received 35¢ worth of free tortilla.
That's 14¢ more value than I lost on the tax!
Ok, FOUR STARS, & that's enough of this!
:-))

Killer tortillas for great price !
Get the 15" 50oz tortillas for the double wrap on your burritos.

Hands down my favorite tortillas ever.
Soo delicious the food there is great too.
I get some of the pork and rice and a bag of tortillas.
Booom I got a great meal.
I'm drooling  thinking about this place again

