"I guess nothing is ever as good as you remember it" -Marge Simpson Unfortunately, I tend to forget why Gino's pizza is the most awful pizza place in Arizona.
About every four years I forget that they use the world's worst watered down sauce, synthetic tasting, plastic-like cheeses and toppings, and a crust that seems to only consist of equal portions of flour and water.
That leads to forcing myself into a journey that reminds me that this place is a poor excuse for a pizza parlor.
It's clear this place has a steady stream of customers, (the owner flaunts an ever changing sports car out front of the restaurant).
How else could he afford to drive nice vehicles?
That leads me to believe that there are like-minded saps who make a residual journey every few years to find out why it's been so long since there last visit.
On a positive nod to nostalgia, they still have the same arcade games I fed quarters to as a child.
That tends to bring a lighter side to each visit.
It is very clear that this is the worst pizza (find out for yourself!
), but at least you can always rely on the on that consistency.

Terrible!
Ordered pepperoni pizza and wings ($25).
Wings were fatty disgusting and soggy.
Pizza was mediocre at best.
I will never order from this place again.
I have no idea how they are still in business.

Just went to Gino's for the first time tonight.
The place is old but in decent shape for the area its in.
The staff were friendly and the place was pretty clean on the inside.
We ordered a large pepperoni/mushroom/olive pie.
The crust was thin and crisp but reminded me of the first time i tried to make bisquits.
Dry, flavorless, full of loose flour, and sits in your stomach like a rock.
The mushrooms and olives were both fresh from a CAN.
(Even dominos uses fresh ingredients..) The pepperoni was lackluster and barely had any "pepperyness".
The one good thing this pie had going for it was the marinara.
Im a big fan of spicy marinara on a pie, and this one had plenty of it!
I was very disappointed with this pie.
Have yet to find a good local pie place here in south central...
Sorry guys, ill be teaking my money elsewhere.

Gino's Pizza is one of those places I have growing up as a kid.
Living in the ghetto south Phoenix neighborhood in which it is located, my parents frequently ordered delivery from this place.
Now that I am a grown up, I still love it.
It is just as good as I remember.
I take a drive down once a month from north Phoenix.
Now keep in mind.
I am praising them for their namesake... PIZZA.
Anything else ... such as wings... is not so good.
Even so...
I think Gino's is one of those "Love it or hate it" things.
My stepdad says it tastes like a tortilla with ketchup on it.
I say, cardboard never tasted so good!

My First Love!!
Gino my love all I do is daydream about you out here in Charleston, SC!!
I flew out to Phoenix last month just to have you in my mouth!
Only if you delivered to the east coast, say you'll never change..I Love you!
Your #1 Fan!

That's was some good pizza!
Found myself a new pizza spot in south Phoenix.
You can tell fresh  ingredients very different from popular chains.

made us sick.

I complained recently that there were no local takeout pizza places nearby, to which several friends responded that I was nuts.
"Have you tried Gino's?!?!
" they asked.....
I promised that I would get there ASAP and finally did so tonight.
I had my in-laws over and we all agreed that it was generally very good.
I don't know that I'm a fan of the crust, but there's not much of it and I am a fan of that.
Plus, I was impressed to find tasty fresh red onions on our veggie pizza (weird that this simple ingredient is remarkable, but it was), and overall good toppings with slightly above average sauce.
I vow to immediately stop ordering from the chain place around the corner unless I'm really desperate -- all future business goes to Gino's when I'm in the neighborhood and looking for takeout.
And there's also a decent little area for dining in, including arcade, but who knows when we'll ever make the time to stay.
Maybe if there's ever a band on the stage?

There are a lack of independent pizza places in South Phoenix, the chain pizza places are easy to find sure, but if you are looking for a natural fresh tasting NY style pizza you are out of luck.
Which makes it very hard to write this review.
Gino's is only 2 miles from me, and it is an independently owned mom and pop type place, so when something like this exists in South Phoenix I want desperately to like it.
The sad reality, for both Gino's and myself, is that this is truly the worst pizza I've ever had.
When I say that I mean almost inedible.
It's basically a technicality that this pizza passes as edible.
For instance the ingredients within may be common for your average pizza, It may even look like pizza, but on every other level something is just wrong with it.
Visually the pizza, while looking like a pizza (round in shape with cheese and sauce), is disheartening at first glance before you even taste it.
Unfortunately this is one of the times you can judge a book by a cover.
When you bite into a slice it sort of has this film of water to it.
Something that immediately forms a barrier between your taste buds and the slice.
Often you will see pizza boxes display that their mozzarella is 100% REAL dairy cheese.
When you eat Gino's you can't help wondering if they left that off their boxes for legal reasons.
The cheese has this rubbery plastic type texture to it and seems to be absent of taste.This is sub-sub-store brand cheese, in fact it seems like it would be a challenge in itself to acquire a blend of materials so consistently awful.
The crust is like cardboard, sometimes even a little burnt.
I don't know how this crust was made.
It's almost like every time a vital ingredient was left out of the cooking process rendering the pretty funky tasting.
It's almost like the main goal of the crust was merely to house the toppings, not to be eaten.
It's so rare i eat a pizza that is disappointing on every level, but in this case that's Gino's.
I have traveled around the United States.
Ate pizza in New York and in comparison Wyoming and it's trippy to think that the worst pizza i've had is 2 miles from me.
Maybe some day Gino's will go through big changes.
that would be great because I really wanted this place to be "my pizza place".

I think this is the best local pizza in South Phoenix.. got the thin crust and lots of toppings.
The staff is awesome and i have never been disappointed in their Pizza.
In fact Im going tonite to get some.

Worst food I've ever eaten.
EVER

This is my second trip to Gino's.
First trip was absolutely fantastic.
Ordered my pie, stopped over, picked it up, and had a great conversation with the dude working the counter.
Second trip?
Ordered online.
Made a stop at Walgreens being that I was told by the site that it would be 25 minutes.
Stopped in, no pizza ready.
Instead, I was told they didn't make it because I didn't answer the call they made to me.
I checked my phone right there, no missed calls.
I was all "Alright, dude, no worries, cook me up a quick pepperoni, canadian bacon, and green olives" which he was happy to do.
Told me it would be 10 - 15 minutes.
25 - 35 minutes later, pizza is done.
Get it home, no canadian bacon.
I even tipped those assholes thinking I screwed something up.
Go somewhere better.
While waiting, I saw them opening giant cans of pre-made pizza sauce.
They may have been around for 40 years, but buying store-bought pizza sauce for over priced pizza doesn't make much sense.
Oh, and chop your olives up, you lazy twats.
Like on the first pizza I had from you.

I've been coming from the northwest valley to eat at this pizza joint since I was a very young child...
I'm now 26 and I still love this place.
Great food and fun pin-ball machines.
Everyone should try this place once.

