This very cozy cute cafe is a little hard to find, even though it's right off 1-10 and 40th st.
If you are a fan of independent unique restaurants, you should like this place.
The food is good, the atmosphere is even better.
All wood, very cozy and quaint.
I usually get the chicken sandwich which comes with avocado and bacon, and their fries are fresh cut.
It is comfort food at its best.
I have heard their breakfast is great, but i believe they are open only M-F 6:00 am - 2pm (closed weekends).
If this is close to you for lunch/breakfast during the week, you shoudn't be disappointed .

A friend introduced me to this place for lunch.
the other day and I'm so glad he did.
It's off the beaten path but that doesn't seem to have hurt their traffic.
They offer breakfast and lunch and have a pretty loyal crowd, but they're happy to see new faces too.
I had the tuna melt on Parmesan bread yum.
The tuna is mixed with diced celery and sweet pickles, and it comes with bacon and Swiss (I 86ed the tomatoes ... big surprise).
The french fries were fantastic!
My friend went with the Thursday lunch special, which was beef burgundy tips over egg noodles (aka stroganoff), and didn't say a word from the time he leaned until his plate until it was all but licked clean.
Drinks are self serve and I like that they brew their own ice tea - it's the good dark, teeth-staining ice tea that I loooooove.
To call this place a "greasy spoon" wouldn't do it justice.
And, it definitely deserves a return visit.

I've been going to the Peppersauce frequently for about a year now and it is always good food.
They have a daily special which is always good.
They generally have pretty decent seating that can handle a group of 6-8 and its easy to get 4 in.
The food is maybe best described as trucker food.
The got lots of different hamburger and chicken sandwiches as well as meatloaf, Reuben sandwich and other tasty lunch fair.
The portions are generally huge and just in case you are still hungry, they have some cookies you can buy on the way out.
Like the name of the restaurant implies they have a decent variety of peppersauces on the tables, such as Habenero Tabasco and Cholula.
With a meal, a drink and tip you will get out for about $13-14 per person.
(Although I am sure you could go cheaper, you really wouldn't get the experience.
) They are also great for breakfast.
I generally split their breakfast burrito with a friend because its so large.
My 5 star rating represents a "best in class" rating.
Sure there are other places I'd rather go given unlimited time and funds but for a good comfort food meal, this is as good as it gets.

A decent lunch spot with restaurant service in a fairly industrial area.
I would give the wait staff and atmosphere 4+ stars as it is a very comfortable little restaurant to have lunch at, whether it is with co-workers, business associates, friends or by yourself.
However, for the food I'm giving if 3 stars - nothing wrong with the food, but nothing great with it either.
Decent diner food, not many options to eat too healthy too (you need to be creative if you're watching calories!).
I eat there a few times a month typically, so I definitely recommend.

Very good food.
Stopped for breakfast on a rainy morning on a friends reccomendation.
Great food and very friendly service.
I would recommend to anyone and can't wait till I am in the area again.
Best hash in town.

Good food.
Place seems a little hidden, but I like places like that.
:)  They put green grapes in their side salad!
Omg, it was soooo good!
I really like their meatloaf too.
Nice cafe to go to during my lunch break.

Where The Hell Are We!!
Like I said we didnt get to too many different places to eat this week.
So everyday we would head over here for lunch and yes I mean EVERYDAY!Now they where driving and BUYING so what could I say, but wow this place was out in the middle of nowhere.
It was an old converted house and they offered a huge menu of all country cookin.
The place was always packed at lunch time so it was well known in these parts.
I found the food very tasty and the service was great and entertaining.
Wish it was here in these parts =)

ok  it is a ok (3stars) but just because the staff is fantastic and the food is very good and my waitress was a cutie I will step up to the plate(no pun intended) and give this hidden gem 4 stars.
hidden in an  industrial area in phx this establishment is clean and the outdoor area is well maintained.

I have now been to this restaurant 5 times.
I have taken my staff, my wife, a client, a vendor and just stopped for breakfast one day.
Always good, always friendly!
It is also always very busy so go early; it is worth the hunt to find it.

i took the wife here this morning her first visit my 2nd visit i pretty much stick to my 1st review the service is fantastic and the food is good the sausage i had today was a pre maid patty and had a funky taste to it  my wife was not thrilled w/the breakfast burritto.
though the place is cute and intresting decor i think my days at peppersauce are over it was good while it lasted ........its not you peppersauce its me

Small place, very hidden.
Food was great.
Service was friendly.
It's pretty popular, every time I've gone, it was packed.

It may be tough to find, and the lunch service may take just a stitch over an hour, but Peppersauce is the best homestyle greasy spoon south of the airport.
Nestled in an industrial neighborhood, Peppersauce is the perfect blend of kitsch and delish that a old school cafe should be.
The service style is a bit different--you generally don't wait to be seated, but can grab a table and your own drinks before being waited on.
Service is spotty and definitely diner-esque, but the girls are very friendly.
There is really only one item on the menu that i order...the veggie reuben.
It is a delicious mountain of sauerkraut topped with cheese and dressing on perfectly-grilled, buttery rye.
It definitely ranks in the top ten sandwiches of all time for me.
The fries, are ok, and the side salad is pretty good too.
If you are willing to navigate the industrial park to find it, you should give peppersauce a try.

I love Peppersauce!!
It is a cozy little nook right by my office where I can get a hearty breakfast for really inexpensive.
They have a little store front set up in the front of the restaurant where you can buy unique gifts.
The food, service and ambiance is great at Peppersauce and I will defiantly be back!

Peppersauce Cafe is one of my favorite places to eat.
Though there are many amazing dishes here, my favorite is the pulled pork sandwich.
It is topped with onion rings and is FANTASTIC!.
I discovered this restaurant about 3 years ago when I was working in the area.
I have taken many customers and friends there for lunch.
It's a real home cooked meal for just over the price of what you would get fast food.
The staff is courteous and remembers who you are.
I think that's important for businesses.
Anyhow, Peppersauce gets two thumbs up from me!

It was just okay.
I didn't have a hard time finding it.
The house/building isn't as cute as say Cibo or House of Tricks.
My husband and I shared a breakfast burrito with green chilies, tomatoes and peppers added to it.
It was edible but I have had better.
He had a side of fresh corn beef hash.
He didn't seem thrilled with it.
The service was great.
I wouldn't go out of my way to go back though.
That makes me sad because it is a breakfast/lunch place near my home so I really wanted to love it.

This cafe is sort of hidden away and only open until 2pm but it's great.
Real friendly staff, and delicious food.
I recommend the Peppersauce burger.

I went there with my friend who really likes it.
I ordered  an $8.50 Reuben that had three wafer-thin slices of corned beef wadded into a ball in the middle to provide the illusion that there was some beef on the sandwich.
I pointed this out to my not-so-friendly server when she queried my satisfaction with the meal.
She said, in a snotty put-upon voice, "Well, we weight the meat for every sandwich!
Every sandwich gets four ounces!
"  It was clear this one was way under and when I pointed this out she said, "do you want more meat?
"  I asked if I was going to be charged - she said "Yes!
"  I said no thanks and now my mission is to dissuade anyone who cares from ever going to this place.

Great food the tuesday special is one of my favorites chicken fried chicken

Went for lunch.
It was pretty busy so service is slightly slow, took a little over an hour for lunch.
The food is a little overpriced for what it is, but the quality is good.
I got the grilled tuna steak salad.
The tuna steak itself was a little over done and dry, and the salad was mostly iceberg lettuce, but it was passable.
A little heavy on the cheese, but there were grapes in the salad and that was a nice touch.
My friend got the Thursday special, beef tips over noodles.
He goes Thursday almost every week so, needless to say, he's a huge fan.
I would note, if you want a quick lunch pick somewhere else for sure.

We come out to phx for spring training games and we would eat breakfast here every day if we could.
Have not tried lunch yet.
The service is great also.
Cassie is our favorite.
She is the best person we have ever met.
And if you need a police officer seems to always be some in there.
Don't pass on this place.

The Peppersauce is reopened with new owners.
My wife and I stopped for lunch there today.
The inside has been painted and some things are moved around but basically it looks the same.
Only cleaner!
Not that is was dirty before but it was worn and needed fresh paint and spiffed up.
I had the Bbq beef sandwich with coleslaw.
My wife had Fried Chicken with mashed potatoes and gravy.
The flavor was really good on both meals.
The service was excellent.
We will be returning for sure!
Give it a try, you wont regret it..........

Peppersauce has reopened under new owners.
My wife and I stopped by for lunch yesterday (Thurs) with four other friends.
Were greeted by the owner.
Service was excellent.
Atmosphere is relaxed and homey.
Everything spotless and clean.
This place, locaded in an industrial area is so nice and home like.
Quiet and peaceful.
Leave the hustling world behind.
Restaurant has breakfast and lunch--open 6:00 to 2:00.
Wife and several of us had the special which was tri tips in burgundy sauce on a bed of noodles.
Simply delish.. One of my friends who loves hamburgers, in fact that's all he eats out is hamburgers, got the peppersauce burger which he declared excellent.
My wife got a ruben which she said was very good.
It came with slaw which she said tasted "old".
Tea is brewed from real tea and was delicious.
Was a really good meal for us all.

Good food.
Good service.
Tiny parking lot.
Try the Texican!
Ground beef and chorizo.
Yum.

This is a decent place to grab lunch.
It's a converted house in an industrial area with not too many other options from what I could tell.
Not a ton of parking.
Plenty of tables and seating inside, much bigger than I expected.
It is VERY loud in there, definitely not the place for intimate conversation.
The service is friendly and fast, my butt had barely hit the chair when they were trying to take my order.
Really quick with the drink refills and bringing the food out.
The food was average.
I got the meatloaf sandwich, a huge slab on meatloaf, provolone, on texas toast (is it wrong to call it texas toast in Arizona?
;) )  I thought the sandwich was plenty big, but a bit bland...lots of hot sauce came into play.
The potato salad was good.
I would come here for a quick, gutbomb lunch.
I would also bring clients here for a quick, fun, downhome meal.
***Update - This has become my go-to-spot for a quick lunch and I will say that the Pablano Turkey Sandwich is my favorite menu item.

Food was adequate.
Staff were nice.

Good food.
Service is decent.

Amazing breakfast and wonderful service.
This place would be booming with a better location.

My wife and I eat here frequently and the quality has gone down lately.
I had the Meatloaf and it was not so good.
That visit was a couple of weeks ago.
This last week we stopped for lunch and I ordered a burger.
The patty tasted like the frozen ones you buy at Safeway.
Really??
Come on guys, put some effort into it.
It was tough and tasted like it had been frozen.
Peppersauce could be a great place but it seems like they are cutting corners......

Really good food, super friendly and attentive service.

Great place for lunch with good food and excellent customer service.
Thanks!

At first glance and the area its in your like I am not going in there!
but man what a surprise!!
food was great and the staff was friendly.
great place for lunch!

Really good, right down the street from my shop I eat there all the time.
Kathy is great, she cares and the food is good.
My fav is the chicken cob with balsamic.
If you're feeling like a burger or sandwich make sure to get the pretzel bun (yum).

Arrived just about the time this place filled up and that was around 11:40am.
So much for the beating the crowd idea.
Waitress said it wasn't usually this crowded.
Still, about 20 minutes later, I had my Turkey Poblano melt and homemade potato salad.
The salad had chopped radishes and green peppers which was unusual and the salad was served nice and cold with chunky potatoes.
Everything in and around that melt was also quite good.
The turkey quality could have been slightly higher, otherwise it pretty perfect.
The parmesan bread was the highlight and the layers of mild poblano, pepperjack and bacon went together well.
Let it cool and it is even better.
Overall nice experience in this building that used to be a house and is in an unusual location in this area.
Chicken salad looked great also on the way out.

Havent been here since about 2003 ish....
So i was surprised to see it still open in the same name,, Came in early this week and will be coming back.
Still familiar looking menu, and the daily breakfast seemed the same so i went with it... Will be back at least once a week,, So glad this place is still here now that i am working in the area again !!
Keep up the great work..  Place is Clean, portions are adequate to price, food tastes are above Par.. mmmmm

Stopped by for lunch,,, 1st lunch at this place and i have to say ,, The Teriyaki Shroomer was delicious !!!
A tad greasy at the begining, but awesome flavor,,, def a goto lunch spot ,,,,   Thanks again to the staff there,, !!!
great job..

First time impression was awesome!
Sat down as soon as I walked in, the server came right over and asked me what I'd like to drink and if I know what i want already!
They must have a lot of regulars that come her for a quick good meal and go.
Great business.
I ordered the special, whatever it was it was fantastic.
Fries were yummy and crunchy.
Everything is great here, I look forward to being a regular.
It's super close to my company's office!

Our team chose this place to have breakfast 2nd year in a row before our team build activity.
I guess we spend so much time together we're starting to think alike because all 6 of us ordered the same thing, the chicken fried steak, gravy & eggs!
Six people can't be wrong, we all cleaned our plates!
I thought it was better than my usual favorite go to restaurant for chicken fried steak breakfast.
This place appears to be a little hole in the wall Cafe but it was certainly busy, has great food and service to match,  one of those tucked away places that is a must try!

I used to go to this restaurant quite often, years ago.
Didn't realize that they were open again until I read a fellow yelpers review about attending recently.
My team at work wanted to do breakfast together, so I hastily suggested that we go to this cozy spot.
I called ahead to inform them that a semi large group was coming.
They said they would get a table ready and let the kitchen know.
As I entered my first thought was that the place looks so nice inside!
They have cozy little tables that look refinished from what I remember.
I suggested the chicken fried steak and eggs to everyone because it is apparently to die for (and it was!).
Many members of my team ordered it and those that didn't looked longingly at it as it passed under their noses.
Our waitress was very friendly and gave suggestions as needed.
She didn't seem to blink an eye that it was such a large table.
The food came out quickly and was very yummy!
She broke up the check for us, no questions asked.
I am so excited that this restaurant is open again!
I will definitely be going back as it is right near work (although that could be a bad thing!

I have been here several times because it is a favorite go to place at my company due to its proximity.
They are open for breakfast and lunch only.
The lunch food for me has been consistently terrible.
I cannot recommend it for lunch.

Keep hearing great stuff about this place.
So, today I am going.
I will see if I have to change by review after I eat there,  Made it there and it was worth it.
Great fish and chips and peppersauce burger for the son.
We will be back.

WHOO HOO .
My 100th Review  This place was definitely a great choice for a 100th review .
I would have hated it if it was a bad review .
but .
this place rocked.
We were seated quickly and our waitress took our drink order .
told us of their lunch specials and returned promptly to take our order.
For me .
Iced Tea, Pastrami Melt with French Fries and a side of Coleslaw.
Iced Tea was fresh and clear and ice cold .
Coleslaw was crunchy with just the right amount of dressing, not limp and watery .
French Fries were hot, crisp and firm .
and the Pastrami Melt was down right heavenly.
My only reason for not giving five stars was the noise level .
there were times that I could not hear my lunch partner speak .
I may be a little hard of hearing, but I am not that bad .
This place is definitely on the I'LL BE BACK list .

Walked in at 3 minutes past 2 and was told they were closed.
I said it was 2 and they told me "Too Bad" I said I just wanted something to go and I was told the kitchen was already shut down.
Is this how they treat customers?
I will tell everyone not to ever go there.

Cheerful place and friendly staff!
Good breakfast spot.
We had chorizo burro and huevos rancheros; they were solid presentations.
Not really fair as we've been eating killer Mexican in  Ensenada, Mexico recently.
Hope to come back for lunch soon!

I guess the new owners of been here about a year.
I checked the other reviews and see some were under the old ownership.
Was really surprised to see how good this burger I had was - just ordered the daily special - they make their own burger patties and this 1 was the jalapeno bacon cream cheese.
It was awesome.

Good food great service at a reasonable price.
Good place to take customers for lunch.
Definitely will be going back.

Have eaten here numerous times.
Really like the staff.
They work as a team like I have you rarely see.
The food is fantastic.
Good comfort food is what I go here for.
I had the chorizo burger last time I was there, out of this world.

Great Sandwiches, Salads, and Fries!
Very friendly staff.
A bit small during lunch hour rush but worth it!

Very friendly staff.
Simple menu with enough options to satisfy anyone with either a sweet or savory breakfast craving.
The food was hot and good.
I got the chicken fried steak, which wasn't my favorite (I'm kinda picky on how I like mine) however was sill.good.
the eggs were cooked perfectly which I appreciate a ton because I hate snotty whites and these over mediums were snot free.
Good seasoning on my hashbrowns.
Hot coffee.
Great little breakfast nook that is easy to.get to, has great atmosphere, good service, and quality food

After nearly passing Peppersauce because of it's unique location, I finally located the trendy little hot spot.
Trendy by a long shot, but what a hole in the wall it is!
The ambiance is like your Grandmother's house during Christmas, depending on your family it might not apply to you, but it is welcoming, loud, and everyone is smiling.
I love Yelp for this very reason, it links you up with the best place in town.
Back in the day, I wouldn't have been able to locate this place because it is behind the freeway in an Industrial Park but today, I drove right up, walked right in, ordered my sandwich and enjoyed every last bite.
The staff is friendly, I felt like a million bucks walking out of that place.
My shoes were complimented, the women introduced themselves by name, and asked where I worked and sent me on my way with take-out menus.
I was hesitant to get take out because what if I didn't like it, or what if they didn't pack the ketchup I requested, so right as I walked out I peaked in the bag... they didn't forget a thing not even down to the extra seasoning on the fries.
Sitting back down at my desk to eat this glorious sandwich has enticed me enough to write this review because it was so close to perfect.
I will be going back.
I can't wait to go back, is it tomorrow's lunch yet?

