Needing a wheel bearing to be pressed on the front hub assembly of my vehicle, I was sent to this location as having the correct press to complete this end.
After approaching a store representative and explaining my need, I was turned away.
I contacted the person who sent me, and he said "it must be a mistake", and recommended I return to inquire again.
I did, and asked some harder questions.
In the process, I caught the man in a lie and called him on it.
He then became confrontational, and I took my business elsewhere.

I received the best service I've ever had at a garage today at Big O.
This morning on my way to work, my tire started losing pressure quickly.
I pulled into Big O, as it was the closest shop on my way to work.
They weren't even technically open yet, but they saw me anyway.
The man at the front desk said, "You look like you're in a hurry," and took my car in before even asking me for my information so they could work on it with no delay.
In just about a half hour, they had repaired the tire and checked my other tires.
Then the shocker: they didn't charge me a dime!
They just said, "Come see us when you have a real problem.
"  After how well they treated me, I most certainly will.

I had an alignment done here, and after I drove out of there my car is still pulling to the left.
The guy also said I needed to have my air filter replaced.
They charge some stupid price, so after I left I just went to auto zone and bought a new one for $12.00 and I replaced it myself.
It was FINE.
Not dirty at all.
They were just trying to get me to spend more money.
Also I overheard a customer complaining to the manager.
He had been in there earlier that morning to have a tire replaced.
He was back because they didn't even replace the tire!
They just took his money and let him drive off with the same old tire.
That's unbelievable.
Good thing he checked it.
I guess this goes for every shop...
THEY CAN NOT BE TRUSTED.
It's pretty sad.

The guys here are professional friendly & attentive.
Been coming here for a couple of years and the service has always been steady.
Wifi is a plus and so is the clean bathrooms.
I definitely recommend this place.
09/06 Jason was such a sweetheart!
I went in for my usual LOF and tire rotation but also wanted him to look in to my AC that was intermittently blowing warm at operating temp.
He immediately asked me if I had any coupons and even said he would accept it on my mobile.
Unfortunately I couldn't find any.
He automatically waved my $30 AC inspection fee and I walked out only paying $46 for my full synthetic oil change and tire rotation.
Yay me!

Friendly service...but it's a pretty busy location so you might have a wait.
The good news?
They have two TVs and an always "left out" remote so watch some Ellen (or whatever day time television you're into) and pat yourself on the back for not getting swindled at a car repair place.
Tip: Check website for the tire you need first, and then go in.
They get shipments by 12pm on Wednesdays.

