This is by far the WORST company I've ever had replace a windshield!
I used them because they are Geico's preferred vendor, never again.
They came out once and looked at my windshield and told me that they had to order new clips.
Driving home on the freeway that night the molding flew off of my car.
I called them to report it and got the rudest people on the phone, had to get Geico involved for them to even admit that they looked at my car.
Had to drive around for 4 days with big pieces of my car missing and a  broken windshield.
When they finally made it out to replace the glass, the guy left a huge mess in my work parking lot, on my dash and on my seats and he didn't even bother to clean it.
When they sent me a survey, I filled it out with this info and it asked if I'd like to speak to a supervisor and I clicked Yes.
Have I?
Nope.
To add insult to injury, less than a month later my windshield cracked from stress because they didn't install it right.
STAY AYAY!
Use someone else and you might even get some free steaks or food!

Safelite ROCKS!!!
I had a long crack in my Mazda MX-5 2008 windshield.
I called them on Thursday and set up for Saturday to come to my home to replace my windshield.
They came when they said they would and took about an hour.
The tech was very knowledgeable and knew his stuff.
He did a better then factory job and the glass is better then the OEM that it came with.
I will never use any other glass company-ever!
I am not sure what office they came out of, I bet from the Peoria one but who cares-they did outstanding work!
I love my car and take care of it and expect perfect work when it comes to it and Safelite is a perfect choice, hands down!
By the way- why would anyone use a window company that gives away free stuff just to get you to use them?
I bet its because they suck bottom line and thats the only way they can get your business!
Stay away from those!

FANTASTIC EXPERIENCE AT SAFELITE  Wow.
I mean, who knew getting my windshield replaced could be a great experience?!
The service was fast, and the price was fair, the job was well done, I have a warranty for life - but beyond that, everyone I came into contact with at Safelite was totally cool, nice, and helpful.
I initially called them, as a referral from Geico - they gave me a quote, I said I was going to shop around.
They called my the next day asking what I found and offered me a better price.
I took it, and the day of, I was running late; I called them and they said that was fine, moved my appt up an hour.
BEST PART: The technician was so nice, explained everything to me, was in a GREAT MOOD.
EVEN BETTER: they were faster than they said they would be, and he did an excellent job.
BEST PART # 2: they were doing a canned food drive, and I received an extra $10 off for bringing in 5 cans of food.
Who expected my auto glass shop to be participating in community giving?!
I didnt, but I sure thought it was cool that they do!
The technician was super into it, too, which I thought was AWESOME.
EXCELLENT EXEMPLARY BUSINESS GOING ON HERE.
Love and highly recommend Safelite Auto Glass.

Great service

Safelite AutoGlass is the most horrific auto glass company I have ever dealt with.
I needed a new replacement so this company was recommended to me through my insurance company, American Family.
After setting up an appointment to meet at my job site, the tech showed up around 4 pm.
She started working on it and after an hour she notified me she could not get the job done due to some light rust on the corners of my windshield frame.
Seems to me she was in a hurry to go home after complaining that she always gets stuck on the worst jobs on the weekends and at the the end of her shifts.
She then notified me that she could not reinstall my old one nor replace it with a new one.
She basically left me without a windshield knowing I would not be getting out of work until 9pm.
To sum it up I basically drove 20 miles home with out a windshield late at night.
Thanks to Frank at Reliable Glass who came out the next morning and inspected the suppose light rust.
He said it was NORMAL WEAR AND TEAR and was able to install a new windshield in less then 45min.
SAFELITE IS THE WORST AUTOGLASS COMPANY EVER!....NEVER AGAIN WILL I CALL THEM!
RELIABLE GLASS IS THE BEST!.

Superb customer service from start to finish.
I got a crack in my windshield that literally grew by the day and then by the hour.
I called Safelite late on a Wednesday night after a Toyota-recommended auto glass contractor didn't return my phone call to give me an estimate.
Within 10 minutes, I had a mobile appointment set up for Monday between Noon and 5pm because I didn't want to physcially drive to the shop on Saturday to wait in line.
Monday, the professional, polie technician (Donte S.) called me to let me know he would be at my work parking lot at 2pm.
Sure enough, he arrived at 2pm and took about 75 minutes to replace my windshield and clean up while I sat at my cubicle.
At 3:15, he called me and I met him outside to inspect my car.
Not only had he replaced the glass, he cleaned all my windows and my dashboard.
My windshield had to set for 1 hour before I could drive it and had to cure for abotu 48 hours before I could wash it, which wasn't even necessary.
The only down-side is that the glass is only very similar to my original windshield and not exactly the same.
The 3rd visor and blue/green suns strip is there, but there aren't as many black dots that make up the 3rd visor and there aren't nearly as many black dots on the 4 sides of my windshield compared to the original.
If you're a real stickler you may want to go with Toyota manufactured glass, but Safelite is a good copy and passes Federal regulation.
Thank you, Safelite and Donte S. !

This is a review for the customer service provided by the onsite staff at 4440 E Elwood.
I arrived a little early for my repair appointment.
I was greeted immediately upon entering the office.
Chuck (the gentleman manning the front desk) was amazingly friendly, bright, and cheerful.
He explained the windshield repair process thoroughly, offered to brew a fresh pot of coffee for me, and then coordinated to have the technician take care of repairing my windshield.
When an issue arose with my insurance, Chuck leapt to action and made sure the insurance company was aware of what was going on, and made sure I was taken care of.
He even followed up later in the day to make sure everything was correct.
Super nice.
Super knowledgeable.
Super experience.

Came to the house to do a chip repair.
The work was done quickly and efficiently.
Nice job.

I had a fantastic experience with these guys.
Kevin Ripka was amazing!
He came to where I work, was on time, very professional, very thorough, and I LOVE MY NEW WINDSHIELD!
Seriously, there is nothing else that I can say other than, if you choose this company, you will be glad you did.

My technician was both professional and personable.
Very easy and satisfying experience with Safelite.

Customer service like I received from Safelite this morning is rare.
The inside mirror had fallen off my car.
I fixed it myself with an after-market kit but that didn't last even a day.
I called Safelite's 800 number and was told they would fix it, even though I hadn't gotten a windshield from them.
I took the car to the Safelite store on East Elwood Street in Phoenix before work.
I didn't realize it but they wouldn't open for another hour.
Still, the office was open, and someone met me at the counter immediately.
I told him the problem, and he said they would have a tech come out to help me.
Twenty minutes later - still 40 minutes before the shop was open - I was driving away with the mirror in place.
And they didn't charge me a cent.
All of the help I received was flawlessly courteous and professional.
I didn't get the name of the gentleman (with the magnificent beard) behind the counter, but the tech's name is Danté.
Thanks again to both of them and the manager of this Safelite shop.
Truly a top-flight store.

The day before I listed my car for sale, a rock smacked the windshield.
I needed to get it fixed right and FAST so I could get it sold fast.
I had seen all of the safelite commercials and their reputation, so I decided not to risk it and to take my vehicle directly to the main Safelite location to have the work done, so it would be done right.
The customer service who I scheduled with on the phone and who met me at the shop was amazing.
I left my car, got a ride back to my office and waited.
Hours later, I called because it was three hours after they said it would be done and no one had called.
Apparently, they forgot to call me.
I got a ride back to Safelite and was met by a service technician.
I was horrified by what I found.
There was a huge gap all across the top of the windscreen.
The rubber gasket was flipped UP and didn't seal anywhere.
Looked like the entirely wrong kit (photo attached).
I said "woah...what happened?
that's not right.
" The guy started to argue with me.
He said "the national trainer is in today and he said it was the right trim kit.
" "I'm just a layman, dude, but even I can tell there is nothing right about this installation.
" then he backpedaled further and tried to say my last windshield was installed wrong and it had caused damage...it was the factory window and was totally fine.
I owned the car since new and it was the factory windshield with factory marks...I never had it replaced.
I had an appointment to show the car that evening and was really irritated.
I had to get a ride back to the office and leave the car to have it fixed.
I got another ride back when they called to tell me it was done.
It was better, but didn't look up to factory specs.
I disclosed when I sold the car (Warranty doesn't transfer to the new owner).
I wrote to Safelite about the experience (included the photo, names, dates, times, etc.
) and they gave me the run around.
The only saving grace is the nice guy that answers the phones and meets you up front.

