Should be 3.5 but i am bumping it up.
Went there for lunch with my friend.
He swears its his 2nd most favorite Mexican food place.
So, we went.
Real small homely looking joint.
WHAT?!?
1c tap beer with any Lunch Special?
($6.75) That is awesome.
I had some soup and cheese quesadilla.
Both were simple and good.
Very much home cooking there.
Not a fancy shamncy stuff but your good down to earth grandma's cooking.
If you happen to be there, or work there, or drive through that shady neighborhood, i would totally recommend to stop by and try something there.
It surely would be worth it.
"I like"

Place is right by my work so we go there all the time.
Small place, looks like a converted house...but damn they can make some good food.
The 3 carne asada taco lunch plate is "off the hook".
And on top of that...$0.01 beer with any lunch.
The only down side is the service kind of blows.
The is usually only 1 server covering all the tables, they are rather slow and have a hard time splitting our check.
They get it all done eventually.
We know that when we go there we will be getting crappy service, yet we go anyways...cause the food is that good.
Make sure to tell them I sent you.
You won't get anything...but it would be funny.

I went to Susie's for lunch the other day.
I got it to go, as I was alone and don't like to eat at restaurants by myself.
There was only a few people inside and the food seemed to come pretty fast if you eat in.
I probably waited about 20 mins for my to go food.
I thought the restaurant was in need of a remodel.
But they don't seem like they have the greatest hours, as they close at 5pm.
So it is a lunch place, not a dinner place.
I got my food and took it home.
I live not even a mile from this place.
I ordered Sopes.
They had shredded beef, lettuce, cheese, tomatoes and salsa.
I thought they were very comparable to the ones I have had before, which were homemade.
I would like to go back for lunch, but as I'm not home much for lunch it might be difficult!
Definitely worth a second chance!

very good food.
the beans and horchata were yummy.
i got the beef and chicken flauta and they taste homemade.
so good!!
i will definitely come by for lunch.
i had a groupon coupon it was well worth it

Great food at a great price!
Almost everything is under $7!
Even better when you can score a groupon now and you get $8 worth of food for $4!

I'm a fajita guy.
A good fajita with awesome tortillas is all that's needed to please me.
They make the tortillas 50%.
They are pre-baked from a local bakery and cooked to order afterwards.
The food took 30 minutes to come but I forgave them after I took my first bite.
The beans, guac, rice, and most importantly, veggies and steak tasted amazing.
I would highly recommend coming here for lunch.
It's priced well and made fresh.
Can't beat it.
Even better when you have a cute date.

Susie is just a short bike ride from The Villa here, deep, deep in the ghetto, so I whipped on over here today to give her a try...  that is, to give her food a try.
:-)  This is a medium sized restaurant with a big, rather inviting covered patio, a comfortable dining room, and a full bar (!
) in the other room that's cheery & light in the daytime, not "boozy".
For this first visit, I ate in the dining room and went with Lunch Special #1, which conjured up a bowl of thick, tasty tortilla chips along with two good salsas, a hot, red pureed one and a medium red chunky style.
Along with those, I enjoyed a mug of beer FOR A PENNY!
Before long, the rest of my order arrived, consisting of a nice Carne Deshebrado hard taco and a medium sized Chile Verde Burrito.
Everything was delicious here and an excellent value at $7.25 + 1¢ for the beer=$7.26.
(Soft drink would have been optional, also for the 1¢.
)  This was really good!
The only thing holding them back from 5 Stars from me is that if you order anything other than one of the five Lunch Specials, things get expensive.
My usual preferred Mexican combo order anywhere is a Chile Relleno, a hard Deshebrado Taco, refried beans, Spanish Rice and of course chips and salsa.
That order here (#12) costs $10.95 & most everything on the regular menu is around that price.
With that said, I liked this place a lot & think as long as you stick with the Lunch Specials it's an awesome deal...  especially with that ice cold mug of Bud for a penny!
Can you imagine?¿?
:-))

My buddy raved about this place and how authentic it was.
So I joined him for lunch.
If a rock hard tamale is your idea of authentic then this is the place for you.
$1 beer if you order lunch.

