Excellent Value for the money!
Everything was in working order - only stayed for a couple of nights just to run a few quick meetings.
Easy access to the air-port and the car rental place.
AC in the room was working - but I seldom used it - the heat was relaxing.

This is the third year I stay hear while visiting Phoenix for my annual residency.
The hotel is clean and the staff is friendly.
I enjoy staying here since the accommodations provide onsite laundry, and a kitchen.

Great value for the money!...
great staff, free wifi, and very close to the airport.
When i booked the room i was a little worried because it was so close to the airport but you cant hear anything.
The only reason why i do not rate it a 5 is because there is no pool or fitness area.
But for the price you really cant beat it!
Plus a really friendly front desk girl understood our concern for not wanting to pay for a full night since we were coming in at 4 AM and she allowed us to stay that half night for free (even when we were willing to pay something for the night she said dont worry about it get here safely) and then we stayed Friday and Saturday.
The room could use a little bit of an update, but once again what do you expect when your paying only $50 a night!....
OVERALL GREAT STAY!

The staff here were friendly and I received my room in great condition and everything worked fine.
My stay would have been very positive here had it not been for the erroneous charges on my credit card.
After contacting the Area Operations Manager for HSD Tempe Airport-ESA Phoenix Airport Extended Stay about this charge, the problem still wasn't solved.
I later emailed the corporate office on Extended Stay's website.
I never received any type of response back concerning the bogus charge.
To add insult to injury, they signed my email address up to their mailing list, and now I'm receiving spam from Extended Stay in my inbox.
I will never stay at an Extended Stay again, and will tell my friends to stay clear.
Completely disgusted about getting ripped off $24+.
*UPDATE*  I was finally refunded my $24+, but it took an act of congress for it to happen.
Shame on you Extended Stay!

It's been like 4 months and I'm still here.
Extended Stay is going through a makeover and now they have new signs, new staff uniforms and even a small breakfast, but they still aren't fixing stuff on a local hotel by hotel level.
The back door lock and another lock have not worked in over a month, but that is really the only compalint I could have here.
The hotel does buffer an industrial zone, but that only causes a few construction workers to stay here on occasion.
The new breakfast is nothing you would stay here for, packaged muffins and oatmeal and some coffee and a few apples.
The staff is really nice though - Tammy in the AM and the Jenny at night are both top notch.
The housekeepers do a good, if not spotty job and i had two lightbulbs promptly replaced.
Sometimes these places bring out the lowlifes, but this property has remained trouble free during my time here.
WAffle House is next door if your desperate for food and some places deliver, but Mill and Tempe are just a short 8 minute drive away on University.
After 30 days, you stop paying taxes and save some cash too.
The rooms at this location have also been remodeled and the beds are quite comfy.
After staying at a remodeled ESA, no way can you return to ESA original.
Great AC is summer too.
You don't get alot of TV channels, but two Showtimes and four different ESPN channels should do the trick, but no Fox Sports Arizona which stinks.

Can I just say I LOVE this Extended Stay I will rate any future Extended Stay visits based on my stay here.
They have wifi, allow dogs (for $25 a night see website), they offer breakfast in the lobby (coffee, muffins, oatmeal etc) the staff was knowledgeable, outgoing and friendly.
But there are a few minor drawbacks: somehow I was smelling cigarette smoke in my smokefree rom, its in the middle of nowhere the restaurants listed online aren't really that close and after a 7hr drive to get there I wasn't interested in driving anywhere which brings me to orderinn extended stay has a contract with this company where you order your food from they're very limited menu and they will deliver your food with 45 mins to an hour.
All and all my dog was comfortable which means I was able to get some much needed rest before my upcoming 6 hr drive.
Great job guys!

Getting ready to check out, but place lost a star due to unusual things.
A flood on one end of the 3rd floor hallway knocked about about six rooms for awhile.
They are still renovating those rooms over a month later - no cause of flood given.
Also, a swarm of bees invaded the laundry room about two months ago and i found a few dead bees in the dryer lint tray before I started my cycle.
Now, they also have their third different manager here in 8 months and although Shauna is very good at her job, all the staff is new and seems untrained.
They cleared out Tammy and all the other regulars because ESA corporate decided to cut all their benefits and only offer three FT jobs per hotel So, it's another case of corporate greed and they spend tons of money of new signage and an average  breakfast, but they sacrifice quality employees, such a shame, but corporate will never read this review.
Kirk is a nice guy and always was prompt on fixing stuff and every year there a crazy bunch of bikers that show up and literally take over the place.
DO NOT come here during AZ Bike Week.
Disgraceful that staff cannot control them, like who the F do they think they are?
Just cause you ride a bike, you can stay out in the parking lot and drink all night.
Now, that manager is gone, but very unprofessional.
Also, for the last seven days, all the local channels always don't work and the satellite is always searching for them.
Room for improvement, but not bad at all/

Stayed here for a bit before finding a place to rent out.
It is a quiet spot with clean rooms.
Wifi was a little slow as they want you to upgrade to the better package but it works to check Yelp, Facebook and email.
The breakfast was tasty, though nothing special.
You have muffins, oatmeal, granola bars and coffee.
For the price of the room, I am more than happy with that breakfast.
Staff was always very nice to me.
In all it is a pretty good stay and I would go back if I needed to.
It is in a very central location and easy to get to on or off the freeway.

Hotels.com showed a rating of like 1 star before we booked, but I decided to tough it out.
This place was clean, cheap, and comfortable.
They had full sized fridges and a great kitchenette that was CLEAN!
The room was clean, and the bathroom fully stocked.
Breakfast in the morning was muffins and coffee for the most part, but it was all fresh.
Customer service was great, though I didn't like them asking so many personal questions.
Do not eat at the Waffle House thats close by, they are dirty :(

Stay here on regular basis.
Great place, clean quiet, and great customer service.
If you are a no frills person.
This place is great.
Although it does come with a full kitchenette, cable tv with show time, you can also visit the sister hotel windchill has a pool, just 5 minutes away., additionally they have free wifi, not the fastest, but I was able to watch movies over it, they also offer a upgrade for a couple of bucks.
The one downside is it is a remote location.
My first visit there, I did not rent a car and there is nothing within   2 miles except Waffle House or McDonald's, which are not bad in a punch,  but right up university drive is everything you could want.
For what I pay, I could never find a nicer hotel.

Overall the hotel is a good value for the money if you just want a room.
Sometimes you just want a clean decent room to stay in at a reasonable rate.
There is no pool and I was going to look for a fitness center until I saw in another review there isn't one.
Basic hotel, yes.
Fancy hotel with nicey nicey stuff, no.
Can I sleep here comfortably?
Yes.
Funny thing, the internet here works fine, but my company VPN keeps saying I'm not connected or denies my login; they don't play well together.
Aside from said company VPN issue causing me to go to a local library the stay was fine.

