Aight pimps and players here's the lowdown.
If you have some kicks that need some lovin' I suggest you take a dip in your Cadillac over to Express Shoe Repair.
I'm not one of these cats that has 50 pairs of shoes; I'd rather have 5 or 6 (1-2 formal, 1-2 casual, etc.
) that are right on point in regards to my style and the occasion.
While I must admit that I am always cool like the breeze ever so often one of my women may get a little overzealous upon the sight of me and scuff my gators in the midst of their excitement.
I can't have this...scuffed gators make you look like the biggest square since Madison.
In the event this occurs, I dip on over to Express Shoe Repair.
Mario "The Man with The Plan" has worked his magic on a couple of pairs of my kicks.
Never once, have I not cheesed like Chuck E. upon picking up my kicks.
Once, I even noticed a small imperfection (Hey, a player of my stature has to pay attention to detail, you know?
) and my man, Mario took the kicks back, reworked the entire job and I picked them up the next day free of charge for the additional work.
You heard me right; there were no dead presidents diggin' the scene.
Main idea: This is the place to be if you get down in the Ahwatukee, Tempe, Chandler, or Mesa neck of the woods and you need a doctor for your kicks, luggage or leather goods...ask me again I'll still tell ya you should.
Can you dig it?

I love this place so much that when I was still working (pre layoff) I told everyone about it (and I worked with about 40 girls) so I gladly brought Express Shoe Repair a lot of business.
I've been coming here since 2001 and being a big fan of Last Chance, I often have a pair of shoes or a handbag that needs a little TLC.
They always do a beautiful job, their prices are more than reasonable and your items come out looking beautiful and shiny new and it often takes as little as one day.
This may sound a little strange, but one of the things I like best about this place is if they can't do the job right, they'll tell you they can't do it instead of doing it, jacking it up and charging you for it and leaving you with a mess.
I would definitely drive here from anywhere in the east valley.

They are friendly and fast!

Wow.
What can I say?
Everyone else gave them 5 stars, but I thought they were terrible.
The man who helped me had such poor English, I couldn't understand him.
What I could understand was that he wouldn't repair my purse-said it was unfixable.
I have a white leather purse that got some blue ink on the outside; a simple fix accomplished by re-dying it white.
He wouldn't do it.
So I went to the Shoe Shop at 39th St. And Camelback.
He fixed it in 3 days.
For $35, he not only fixed the ink issue, but he shampooed the inside and Scotch guarded the inside AND outside.
I'd say The Shoe Shop is the better way to go.

Excellent service, excellent work!
I have had shoes shined there while I have lunch next door (I have to remember to bring a spare pair to wear at times!
), and always feels like I end up with new shoes they look so good.
But, the best was, a heel piece on a pair of carbon sole cycling shoes had worn off making it very hard to walk in the shoes (I know - I'm supposed to be cycling in them - but sometimes you have to get off the bike to get a drink!
); the heel was not meant to be replaceable by the manufacturer, but they were able to create me new rubber heels for the shoes so they function perfectly.
I think the total charge was $12.
I would definitely recommend!

Found this place via Yelp, and I love it.
Been there twice already and I won't hesitate to go back the next time I have a need.
Their service is true to their name - I brought in a shoe with a broken strap, and I picked it up the same day.
I also brought in a laptop bag with a broken strap and got it back the next day all fixed and sturdy again.

Returning from an international flight, my new luggage had a missing zipper pull and damaged teeth.
I needed the repair done, to leave the next day.
I checked Yelp and found they are in my area and had great reviews.
My luggage was repaired in less than 24hrs-hence express, living up to their name.
The woman I spoke with knew nothing about Yelp reviews.
When I picked up item, I gave her a copy of the reviews and promised to add mine.
She mentioned people come from all over to have work done there.
It's a little hard to find in Ahwatukee,but well worth the effort.
My repair was $25.

There's nothing like knowing a good shoe repair place.
Good shoes are hard to find, and knowing you have a place that can keep making them last or look like new without charging an arm and a leg, is priceless.
I've been happy with every touch up, restoration, shine, heel replacement, pretty much anything Express Shoe Repair has done for me.
They even educated me on never resting my shoes by the heel on a bar stool ledge because that's what breaks off the heel from the rest of the shoe.
I'd never even thought of that!?
I've been going to them for 8 years and recommend them highly!

Wow!
I have been in need of getting my boots repaired because on one of the heels I had lost the little plastic piece.
I called Express Shoe Repair at about 6:10pm and talked to Johnny.
He let me know that they close at 6:30, but asked if I was close enough to get there before they close and he would get me taken care of tonight.
I arrived at about 6:25.
And he took the boots straight to the back.
I asked to have them both done so that the heels match.
Within minutes, he brought them back out as good as new.
He even shined and polished them.
Total was only $8 and beyond worth it!

Went in for the first time to have a simple shoe shining and was treated very well by Johnny, the owner's son.
On top of that they did an excellent job at a fair price.
Would definitely recommend for any shoe needs.

Just moved to the area, needed a new shoe repair place and I found one!
Johnny rushed my job so I could have my shoes back in time for my vacation.
Personally, I like to support locally-owned businesses and I would highly recommend Express Shoe Repair.
I'll be back.

We have used this shoe repair shop for years and their work is fantastic.
Everything looks new when we pick it up.
Usually, chewed up shoes from Dogs or purses that need re conditioned.

I have been bringing my shoes for years.
This man knows what he's doing!
I can't rave enough about this place, I tell all of my friends to go here, just like I'm telling you!
You wont be sorry!

It is always nice find great places like this close to my home, fast services, great attention and affordable prices!
Thanks

Fixed a zipper on my backpack!
What a deal!
These guys are great!

HOCKEY SKATES.
My skates were about to lose the Achilles leather safety protector which can be a big deal in a hockey collision.
I tried another shoe repair place and they said special equipment was required because of the kevlar.
Made sense but I went to Express just to get a second opinion.
I'm thrilled that I did.
Express fixed my skates by adding a leather patch and stitching through the kevlar.
KEVLAR repair!
EXCELLENT!!!
Price was very fair as well.
I will go back with my shoe and leather needs.

I have a hard time expressing how legit this business is.
I have come here for odd jobs, that others didn't have equipment to do, and this guy does it in a timely manner for a reasonable price.
In fact last time I dropped a few packs here that needed to be sewn, and he said it would be one business day.. but called me a few hours later and said I could pick up at any time.
That's awesome and the definition of good service.
I have seen the work he has done on shoes, and on luggage.
I suspect the result is part hard work and part black magic.
I will bring all my business (that fit into this narrow niche) here.
I wish I had more to say, but I do not.
This place is the kind of privately owned business I want to support in my society.

I took two pairs of shoes in to Express ShoeRepair and was extremely impressed with both the workmanship and the price.
They were able to repair a pair of puppy chewed boots as well my husbands well used cycling shoes.
I totally recommend to anyone looking for a great local cobbler!

Five minutes and six bucks...that's how much/long it took them to make my wedding shoe fit me!
My one foot is smaller than the other and slid out of my shoe when I walked.
It was just a matter of shortening the strap that held my heel in but I was worried it would come out looking all messy if I had it fixed.
Well, it came back looking as if it had come straight from the store!
They did an excellent job!!
Make sure you bring cash along with you though..they do not accept credit cards.

