Dr. Quenton Morley is the best in the business.
I live in chandler - and drive into Ahwatukee just to get adjusted by him.
The staff at Ahwatukee Life Center is top notch.
They always great you with a smile, and make you feel glad to be there.
I have been going there for over 20 years now.
Because they are the best.

I found ALC by way of my insurance search engine looking for a new Chiropractor.
I went in for a consult and immediately loved the environment.
Dr. Morley saw me immediately and gave me an adjustment.
He was forthright and transparent about my medical needs and billing options.
Saw me right away the next day for an adjustment and is just wonderful.

Dr Morley is great.
He is quick and is very knowledgable, and I highly recommend the cold laser therapy.
Walk ins are welcomed which is great with my crazy schedule!

Dr. Morley is awesome!
He has been taking care of my chronic back and neck problems for years allowing me to lead a normal life, pain free!
With adjustments and cold laser therapy along with the massage therapy offered by Robin Walcutt, I cannot thank them enough.
Dr. Morley has also assisted me with post operative healing and other medical issues with the cold laser therapy.
What a blessing he and his staff have been.
Thanks to a great friend who sent me to him when it hurt to even breathe let alone move.
Moved from Ahwatukee to Sun Lakes and I wouldn't think of going anywhere else!

I have been going to Ahwatukee Life Center on and off for over 15 years.
I play a lot of golf as does my daughter.
No matter what injurues we incur, they always fix us!!!
The service and the professionalism of both Chris and Docotor Morley is Amazing!
Absolutely the BEST Chiropractor I have ever been to :)  I will not go anywhere else for an adjustment.
I just hope he never retires.

Just before my sons birth I got a severe case of bells Palsy, and half my face was paralyzed for 4 months.
I couldn't taste, smell, hear well, smile and my eye didn't produce tears or close so I had to wear an eye patch most of the day.
I was disfigured and miserable.
I tried every treatment available: steroids, homeopathy, electro stimulation, acupuncture, and spent thousands doing so.
A friend referred me to Dr. Morley at Ahwatukee Life Center for chiropractic care and the medical grade cold laser he uses.
Within two weeks of treatment my eye started producing tears, and over the course of several more I regained most of the movement and sensation back in my face.
I continued seeing him regularly for chiropractic care over the years and he helped tremendously with my back issues throughout my second pregnancy.
Right after the birth of my second son a few weeks ago, the Bell's palsy returned and this time to both sides.
One side was partially paralyzed and the other completely.
I immediately went to his office and started the cold laser again and within 5 treatments my left side is healed and the right side is about 90% percent recovered.
We were amazed, but it shows just how effective this therapy is.
this laser helps the healing process exponentially.
I am so grateful for his care, compassion and true desire to have a positive impact on his patients lives.
His staff are all caring and professional.

