A no-frills, no charm grease spoon.
I felt ill after eating the hot dog here.
I hear the italian and gyro sandwiches are tasty here, but I'm too scared to go back.
It has some regulars and seems to be a popular place with the guys.
Try your luck and write a review.

Great gyros.
Great onion rings (w/ ranch of course!).
A tiny bit pricey, but worth every penny.
Go for the gyro and you will never feel disappointed (or ill).

My sweetheart was working, so I found myself alone on a Saturday.
Woohoo!
After laying around the townhouse most of the morning, I decided to take a drive to get something to eat and shop at Costco in Tempe.
For a year or so I've wanted to try out Niro's Gyros at the southwest corner of 48th Street at Elliot in Ahwatukee.
The restaurant is located in a stand-alone building that must have been built and then abandoned by Pizza Hut.
No matter, once inside it is clean, with brightly colored tables and chairs.
The front counter is gleaming white tile.
I ordered a double gyro plate, which includes "two toasted pitas served with a mountain of gyro meat with gyro sauce, tomatoes, onions, and fries on the side.
" After adding a large soda and hand over $12.71, I only had to wait five minutes for my number to be called.
This is a casual eating establishment (i.e.
plastic forks), so the gyro meat comes packaged within a white styrofoam container wrapped separate in white paper with the hot pitas and fries on the side.
There is enough meat to  overfill both pitas.
I found the whole meal very tasty and enjoyable.

I ate here the other day and thought it was great, I will definitely be going back.
From the other reviews maybe I'm biased since I'm a guy.
I had a chicken pita and tried my friends gyro and thought they were both very good.
I didn't find the fries were overly greasy since the little paper sack they came in soaked up some of the oil.
I even really liked the fake cheese sauce that came with the cheese fries ( sue me!
I found the interior very clean for a small "greasy spoon" not as dumpy as you would think.
The staff was very nice and my food came out lightning fast.
For a quick lunch I highly recommend it.

Courteous cashier got me the best deal on my purchase (chicken gyro combo as opposed to a more expensive separate chicken gyro and small greek salad).
Chicken gyro was a great blend of thick sliced chicken, cucumber mayo dressing, onions, and tomatoes all on a soft warm pita.
Greek salad had all the expected toppings: feta, tomatoes, onions, pepperchinis, onions and a vinaigrette.
For being a rather fast order, food was delicious.
Order was around 10 dollars.

This place just might be the home of the best gyro that I've ever tasted.
I have weekly cravings for Niro's (which I often give in to) and I live about 20 minutes away!
The service is great as it seems that the owners are always at the front register to chat with while you're waiting for your gyro.

Love this place, however, for a few years after it opened, I wouldn't go there simply because it looked crappy from the outside.
Turns out...I shouldn't judge a book by its cover!
The kids love the hot dogs, and I love the gyros!
I go there at least once a week now for lunch or dinner - seriously.
The service is fast and friendly...and the price is just right!

I've enlightened a few people to this place recently (previous 2 reviews before me lol) and I've been going there for a couple years now.
1 of 2 best Gyros in Az... hands down.
Best gyros since moving away from Chicago...  Prices are extremely fair and the staff is always really nice.
Lots of seating too!

So I finally got my boyfriend to try a gyro...and boy was he impressed!
Niro's has delicious food and a good old traditional feel.
The gyro was overloaded with meat and the tzatziki sauce was probably the best I've ever had.
If you're in the area definitely stop by for a taste, you will definitely be back!

What an amazing family run business that serves no fuss food.
They get brisk business and most people come in for takeouts.
Both the chicken and the meat gyros are fresh, served on warm pita bread, daubed with tzatziki sauce and some interesting onion-tomato seasoning.
The fries are hot and without any trace of staleness.
The flaky, syrupy, nutty baklava is a must try- get it for take out, microwave it for 10 secs and enjoy the goodness!!!
Derek r. has compare the place to Spices but I feel it is difficult to compare uniqueness, love Niro's for its own reasons and the same goes for Spices.

Good gyro and friendly service clean and fun atpmsphere, will be back

This is my favorite lunch spot in Ahwatukee.
The gyro meat is always fresh, the tzaziki is tasty, pitas are toasted.
Basically a perfect gyro sandwich.
And even the "single gyro" is huge.
I'm not sure how people order double and triple orders.
My friends also like the chicken artichoke pita, though I'm not a huge fan of chicken gyro meat in general.
The service is always really friendly and the food is very reasonable priced.
My only complaint would be about the decor - faded posters showing gyros and hot dogs really don't do it for my appetite.
Luckily the food is so good I can ignore the visuals.

A great new find in Ahwatukee.
The onion rings were great as was the double Gyro platter.
Never seen a Gyro broken down to its components  ( Build your own ) but found the end result to be satisying.
We will be back.

Great Gyros.
Worth the stop!

This little hole-in-the-wall, located on the southwest corner of 48th Street at Elliot in Ahwatukee, serves the best gyros this side of the Atlantic.
What qualifies me to make such a resounding statement?
My husband and I have been to Greece several times and were married on the island of Corfu (in the Ionian Sea).
If that isn't enough of an endorsement, our friends from Chicago also thought Niro's served the best Gyros -- and Chi-town has the largest congregration of Greeks (hence "Greektown") outside of Greece.
But it isn't just the gyros that rock, I love any of their fried food too -- Mozerella Sticks, Onion Rings, French Fries.
I don't know what kind of oil they use - but the taste is fantastic and they are fried to crispy perfection.
The facility itself is misleading and unimpressive.
If you can get over that, you'll find a tastey gyro winner.
Don't keep driving by - stop in!

I went to Niro's on a recommendation from a coworker.
I had never tried a Gyro before and it's close to work so why not?
I have been missing out.
They are soooo good!
I will definitely be back for more.

Went there for lunch today on my husband's insistence, Niro's has catered a few events at his work and he loves their gyro meat.
I've actually been to Greece and had a gyro there, it's been a few years but honestly I absolutely loved the gyro I had at Niro's today and it may have even surpassed the taste of the one I had in Greece.
The gyro was huge and pilled full of the delicious meat, I wanted to order another just because my mouth wanted more but one was actually very filling.
The gyro sauce tasted like tzatziki but possibly made with sour cream instead of yogurt, it was really good.
I had a Greek side salad as well and it was great, so impressed that they actually make their own salad dressing.
The restaurant itself is nothing fancy, perfect for lunch dining.
I definitely want to go back and try the other sandwiches on the menu, including the chicken gyro, italian sausage and meat sandwiches but I loved the gyro so much that I'd hate to go back and not have one of those also, conundrum...

I found this place due to Yelp.
While we have been to the Phoenix metro area many times having lived in Tucson for many years, we recently moved to Chandler and don't know all of the great places to eat yet.
I was in the area running some errands and brought Yelp up on my Iphone to find a decent gyro.
Ordered 2 of their basic gyros to go and went back to my office.
Not only did I really enjoy it, all of my co-workers asked where I went and said that they smelled amazing.
If I would have been a nice guy, I should have shared, but I was hungry.
:-)  Niro's will become a regular stop on our lunch circuit.
I am looking forward to trying some of the other items on their menu.

Niro's was another one of my close to home bookmarks and I went there for lunch.
Simple, clean space, not crowded.
I ordered a gyro, fries and soda.
The gyro was good, although lukewarm.
I like my food hot!
Nice amount of meat, sauce, lettuce and tomatoes.
I've never been to Greece ( I would love to!
) but I had my share of gyros at NY diners and gyro places and I like those better.
The fries I could have lived without, and I love fries, even not so good ones.
It would not be my first choice to eat at, but it was good enough.

Good place for a gyro sandwich.
The service is friendly, fast and the decor was old but clean.
I had the single gyro combo.
Some of the best fries I've had in the valley.
It was around $8 for lunch.
The tomatoes were fresh and tasty pita bread was fresh.
Didn't try the baklava.
They had a display though and it was dripping with honey and looked delicious.

I like their chicago dog.
It is delicious.
I've had good service here because mostly the owners are almost always working and they are real nice.
It's only when they are gone that you get the crummy service.

OK people, if you like Gyro's then you'll love Niro's.
They treat the meat with care and apply alot to their Pitas.
So much so you better get extra napkins and a fork!
Hot Juicy and tons of flavor, they also have Italian beef, Chicken and Greek salads too.
Great alternative to fast food, but they cater too.

Scale of 1-10 (single visit): 8 Food 8 Service 7 Atmosphere 7 Value  The amount of lamb they put on my yummy gyro almost made me feel guilty.
Then I ate it all up.

There are those times when you just need to snarf a gyro.
Is it the novelty of lamb or the exotic Middle Eastern spices?
I can't explain it, but I was feeling the need for some righteous shaved gyro meat, tzatziki sauce and sliced onions crammed into a pita.
This place did not disappoint.
Niro's single gyro is generously stuffed with meat.
And the meat is heavily seasoned, so you really get the spice you're hoping for.
That's a gyro done right in my opinion.
I developed a taste for these in the Sachsenhausen district of Frankfurt, Germany.
They always had a gyro cart popping up in your path whilst trekking betweenst bars.
Let's face it, even completely sober, a well-made gyro is a thing of beauty (and gluttony).
The windows on this place are so heavily tinted, it's hard to tell if there's any activity inside.
It was late afternoon, so I happened to be the only person ordering at the time.
But while enjoying my meal, hungry stragglers popped in and out, proving to me that other serious gyro lovers make the trek here for gyros that are built to satisfy.

When speaking about local eateries one must always keep in mind the tried and true classics.
Niro's is definately one for the ages as it's menu offerings allow you to escape for a brief moment to the heart  of the Midwest and the flavors of Chicago.
You can't miss when ordering up a couple Chicago dogs and their excellent fries.
The Gyro Platter,(single, double ,triple... it just gets better) is an absolute victory.
The real prize is the service and the fries, you won't leave disappointed!

Great simple and easy fare.
It is always tasty and a great quick fix.
The triple gyro plate will bust your belly!

Yummy gyro with great flavor and no lettuce, thank you!
Good home made tasting tzaziki sauce for your gyro.
The onion rings are spot on too.

I have been looking for a mid-west style fast food restaurant with both Gyros and Chicago Style Dogs for a long time.
The dogs have the bright fluorescent green relish and the sport peppers aren't too hot.
The celery salt is just right.
The Gyros are over-stuffed and ooze all over as you eat them but that is the way I like it!

I love Niro's - it's comfort food for a native easterner.
The service is quick and courteous and the Gyro combo really hits the spot.
Yum.

5 stars since the combination of value for money and food quality cannot be matched.
The gyros are GREAT and by themselves would be rated 4 stars.
But, add the great location and price...this warranted the max rating.
Tired after work and need a quick satisfying inexpensive take out meal?
Few places will do better than Niro's Gyros.

Just moving into the neighborhood , Niros caught my eye and I had to stop by this establishment and see how the food was.
I tried the gyro plate and enjoyed my meal.
I've had bigger gyros, but this gyro tasted great and will be going back for more.
You receive a good amount of fries with your gyro plate.
The fries are pretty good too!
Besides gyros, there are several other sandwich options to choose from, philly's italian beef, hot dogs to name a few..
The inside decor isn't much, but I'll take good food at a place rather than nice decor/surroundings and bad food.
Want a good gyro, stop by Niros!
Looking forward to going back and trying other menu items.

Looking for a good gyro joint nearby I was eager to try out niro's gyros, its been there for a while but I had just never gotten around to checking it out.
Well I guess I have only myself to blame for not checking it out earlier.
The gyros are quite good, and contain plenty of meat.
The gyros also pass the required 2-hour post consumption test (they don't wipe you out for the rest of the day :)).
Not the greatest gyro I've had, but a very tasty gyro, and eager to have again.
Niro also serves other chicago style fare (italian beef, hot dogs, etc.
) and its good to see the owners behind the counter; quality restaurant.
Catering is also offered.

This place has great food.
Double giro protein plate is outstanding.
The chicken giro meat is the best I've had anywhere.
The beef dip sandwich, super thick with awesome jus.
AND REAL Chicago dogs.
Don't think twice, eat here.

From a veg point of view this place was a total flop.
The online menu shows a fish sandwich, however in store the menu item was missing.
Unlike you usually Greek esque place, there is no falafel.
I resorted to hummus $2.95 and for that price it does not include any pita, so I was forced to order a peta for $.90  The hummus came in a small Styrofoam cup not worth the $3 and the pita was soft and warm but again worth nearly a $1 I think not.
Most of the menu is beef gyros, gyro meat plats or gyro sandwiches.
There are a few salads on the menu but I am not a salad person.
I think I miss the pizza hut that used to occupy this location

Just 2 words for you Italian Beef!
If you are from the midwest and miss good Italian beef sammies GO HERE NOW!
I used to go to Niro's at least twice a week when I lived in Champaign, IL.
Niro's opened in an old Rally's just 2 short blocks from my house.
I became friendly with the owners.
About a year later told them I was moving and they wouldn't be seeing me anymore.
They asked where too & I said Phoenix and they said they were opening one in Phoenix not sure where.
Well I found you again Niro!
Love the Italian beef it is what I am used to from Illinois thanx!

I grew up on Chicago's Northwest side, I know a real Gyro.
Niro's has Gyros like nobody's business.
I've also had their Italian beef, also excellent.
I just ate at the new Tempe location, and I am soooo glad I did.
The Ahwautukee location is great but a bit further to go for me now.
Facilities are neat and clean at both locations as far as I've seen, and there is a 'midwest' kinda feel that the transplanted vagabond in me yearns for.

Thought I'd give it a try.
Place is very blah...Ordered gyro meal, came with fries and a drink.
I like the fries-not fat-medium-gyro had onion, tomato and a bland tzatziki.
Meat was fair not the best, not the worst.
Very fast and friendly service.
Boasts of Chicago style eats...

Schmeh, it's ok.
I think we like it because it's way close to the homestead, but it's not worth a special trip.
The gyros are cut so thin that they tend to crumble when you eat them, and the chicken gyro is not tasty.
The greek salad is rather lackluster, but the fries are crisp and hot and the pita is soft and tasty.
Still searching for the perfect gyro in Phoenix and this is not it.
Still, if I'm craving gyro in a hurry, Niro's is passable.

The gyros...the best I've found around town!!
Very generous with their meat portions.
I drive down from the biltmore area for lunch about once a month....I wish they (or me) was closer

This place gives new meaning to FAST food!
I ordered the diet gyro plate and a small Greek salad.
Less than 3 minutes later I was walking out the door with my dinner.
Incredible!
The food's good, too.
The veggies were fresh, the Greek salad had a great combinations of flavors.
(I love the feta cheese!
) And the gyro meat was great, too.
Next time i'll probably try the large Greek salad with added gyro meat.

My lady and I finally got around to eating here and did it disappoint.
I ordered the Italian Beef Sandwich, she an Artichoke Chicken Pita Sandwich.
First, the meat in my Italian Beef was bland, really bland.
I was sprinkling salt on my sandwich.
I can't remember any time I ever sprinkled salt on anything, after it was prepared.
I opted for hot peppers over the sweet (Actually, I asked for hot & sweet but he said it'd cost more for both.
Yeesh.).
I didn't see or taste any.
I asked for the sandwich to be dipped but I was expecting, y'know, an actual roll.
The 'bread' must've been like those premium hot dog buns that Costco sells because it just mushed up, completely.
That's probably what bummed me out the most because when your teeth just break the barely crusty exterior of that roll and the au jus bursts from the inside, that's what you get Italian Beefs for.
Just mush at Niro's.
I just asked my lady what she thought of her sandwich, "It was plain and didn't fill me up.
"  Now, my girlfriend isn't the hearty eater that I am.
She's pretty slim and rarely finishes anything.
She's also allergic to onions so is used to having food that has no flavor (Heehee).
For her to say those things, it's bad.
We shared a side of fries and they were good, though.
Not great.
We won't be visiting Niro's again.
I recommend Chizona's Pizza for a good Italian Beef, if you're in the Scottsdale area.

I was looking for a place to eat and have not eaten at this spot in years...
I entered the restaurant at lunch rush it was really busy.
The staff really funny seeing how I never read everything fully I tried to order something off the kids menu...
I said can I get the deal there she responded kind of cartoonish Noooooo it made me want to laugh so I said let me try again I ended up going with two Chicago Hot Dog (Relish, onions, mustard, pickles, tomatoes, sport peppers and celery salt.
B+ good hot dog and an order of the French Fries D+ not the best fries.I will be back to this spot again for lunch.

They have fast service even during rush hour and their food is consistently good.
They're closed on Sundays.

I used to live right by Niro's and go there on a bi-weekly basis.
I still pop by when I am in the area and have a hankering for some Greek food.
I will admit, I've had better gyros before.
However, Niro's gyros do pass muster and solidly qualify as good and rather nicely sized.
I just wish it was a bit less price wise as some of the other places where I have had gyros have had similar quality for not so much.
The restaurant itself isn't swanky but it's nice for what it is..a family owned Greek joint.
The staff is also usually quite nice.
Overall, I'm not sure I'd suggest crossing the Valley to try it out, but if you're in the general area and have a bit of a jonesing for Greek eats, I'd suggest checking it out at least once.

Chicago style hot dog?!
Sign me up!
I just moved here from Chicago, and I've been dreaming of Portillo's since I left.
Where am I going to find something even close to that in AZ?!
I was hoping this would be it.
The hot dog wasn't that bad.
The fries on the other hand, weren't so good.
My husband ordered a beef with hot peppers (giardiniera), and they were far from hot...almost tasted pickled.
And the sandwich?
TINY!!!
It was like a 4" beef sandwich!
I didn't taste it, but he said that it just tasted like a roast beef sammy...not the Chicago beef that we are used to.
One of these days we'll find a decent "Chicago-style" restaurant out here in AZ.

Best gyro outside of Chicago, hot dogs and beef rock too!

Great food and well priced.
Greek salad is the best in town

I had the greek chicken salad and the chicken was tough.
I would like to go back and try other items.

I really do love this place, not just because of the food but because of the kind hearted Husband and Wife Greek owners who always make you feel at home.
All the food is reasonably priced and well portioned.
My favorites are the Gyros which are traditionally dressed tomatoes, onions and Tzatziki (Greek) sauce.
For those of you who don't like lamb the Chicken Pita's are legit too.
This place has comfort food favorites like Philly Cheese Sandwiches and Chicago Dogs.
Don't forget to get the homemade Baklava on your way out!
The Décor here is a little out of date but you won't notice it once you start eating.
I almost forgot...
The fries are ALWAYS hot!

I have been going to Niro's for several years.
You can always count on them fulfilling your your order very quickly and with consistently good quality.
When I am in a hurry between meetings I can count on Niro's to deliver a better experience than I could get at a random fast food joint.
The gyros are good, the french fries are hot and crisp and the service is always friendly.

I can't get enough of their vegetarian gyro.
It's filled with lettuce, tomatoes, tons of feta and tzatziki.
There isn't much ambiance but the food is great, cheap and fast.
Their fries are tasty too, and I'm generally not much of a french fry person, and come in the cutest little brown paper bags.

Where to start?
Perhaps Greece?
That is my recommendation to Niro.
I think because this family restaurant is located in the dessert, there is a belief that locals have nothing to compare it to as you would in Chicago, New York, or Philly.
If this place was in one of those cities, would they stand out?
Sadly no.
But, when we consider it being in Ahwahtukee, we give some grace .
Diaspora longing for their ethnic fix of packed pita pockets plump with processed lamb and beef, prepared possibly by expats of any part of the world...will be pleased.
But let me throw this in.
There is no seen evidence by Niro to be anything but an iconic representation     of what a Greek fast food place would be like run by someone not Greek would be like.
It saddened me for example to not see fries done as they do in Greece, and salads without tomatoes and cucumbers (mostly lettuce) and not even the occasional greek song playing on the sound system.
Still, Niro did pack my sandwich with meat.
That deserves distinction.
If they would also not be sparing with the sauce, it would be much better.
I purchased more for $0.60.
I am not sure what the extra cost is to get the sandwich hot.
Mine was actually cold.
But I ate it quietly thinking about how I might be able to make a return trip and not  expect more.
Can I?

Great food!
I had the artichoke chicken pita at the recommendation of the owner.
It was outstanding.
Full of flavor & huge.

The food has gone down hill.
The pitas are soggy and so are the fries.
I really liked this place and am disappointed in the changes.

Been Going Here For Over 4 Years This Is One One The Better Places I Been To Get A Gyro.
This Time I Was Not A Great Visit  The Food Was Cold.
I Understand It Was Lunch Time So The Most Likely Made A Lot Of Fries And Had The Meat Cut And Ready But Still Not A Great Visit.
But Like I Said Before Been Going Here For Years And Will Go Back Not Gonna Let One Bad Visit Turn Me Away.

I ate the chicken picado pita.
It was spicy and delicious.
Friendly people and great food.
I would recommend this restaurant to a friend.

Great service Great flavor.
Fair price.

Went to lunch here today and service was fast and friendly.
Gryo meat was tasty and their Greek salad portion was large with plenty of everything.
I really enjoyed the dressing.
I am definitely returning again.

The gyro meat is perfect!
I didn't realize how hard it was to get it right until I tried some other places and they were disgusting.
Niro's gets it just right.
They have good prices--made better by joining their email list for the weekly coupons (that's the only email they send, no flooding of your inbox).
They always pack a lot of food, no skimping.
Also, pretty fast service.
Definitely 5 stars.

The gyros here are really good.
Don't expect it to be hot though!
I asked for cucumbers on my gyro and the woman who owns it told me they don't have it on their line but when my friend ordered a salad, she got cucumbers.
they charge too much for what u get and the owner seems as stingy as can be.
One example... She gave my friend her bag of food and when she noticed that my friend had napkins in her hand, the owner reached into her bag and took those napkins out.
The gyro meat is great but I'd MUCH rather go to haji baba n have a much better experience and pay less!

I needed a Greek place that had more seating than the BFG Express on Warner; long story - it was a birthday thing :)  So we settled on Niro's (handpicked by moi, willing to try something new, and good ratings on Yelp) ... it wasn't half bad.
I had the Gyro Salad, but wished I had the Gyro plate others had enjoyed.
It just really looked good.
The price is great, too.
The owner introduced herself, and upon learning we were celebrating a birthday, graciously offered a few pieces of her baklava - heck no I didn't share.
So, if you've cruised by thinking about it - give it a try :)

Our office found this on Yelp today and popped over for a quick lunch.
The owner was at the register and named the Gyro, Italian Beef and Philly Steak as their top choices.
We all were craving gyros and got the Gyro Meal.
French Fries were crispy and fluffy and the onion rings were the right kind of greasy and crunchy.
The gyros were fantastic.
Among the best any of us have ever had.
Lots of real meat, just enough sauce and a little messy.
We took a menu back and will be returning soon.
Service, Cleanliness, Quantity & Quality all earned top marks!

I have always loved Gyros so when I moved to Ahwatukee I had to try them out.
The inside was pretty outdated, I thought it was a little pricey compared to everywhere else I've been to get Gyros, but the service was fast!
Anyways I've had better Gyros at Greek festivals and out of food trucks.
It was ok....but nothing that made me want to come back.

If I would have never ate at Pita Jungle, I would have maybe liked this place a bit more.
The hamburger is good, but the Gyro was dry.
Service is great, the staff is always friendly.

Niro's is a staple.
Quick, easy lunch that hits the spot when you're feelin like gyros.
I'm not saying it's the best gyro I've ever had, nor am I saying it's the cheapest (around $9 total), but it gets the job done.
I usually get the single gyro meal when I go.
The fries are the thick cut super crispy kind, and the gyros are cooked well, with plenty of sauce (not sure what people are saying about it being dry, my hand's are always a mess after eating one of these), and onions and tomatoes to boot.
Great in-and-out spot if you didn't bring lunch to work on any given day.
Plus, the owner is always really nice and friendly.

Stopped by while on the other end of the world running errands.
I saw a sign and had heard about it so we went in and got some food.
Got a Gyro and a Chicken Picado Pita.
Both were amazing, and the extra tzatziki was really nice to dip the fries in.
The staff was really friendly and seemed to be checking on the customers to make sure everything was ok.
I'm wishing this place was closer so i could try more menu items, but i guess it will have to wait till i'm out that way!

I really enjoy eating the Gyros here they are huge and the fries are great.
The Chicago Dogs are also very good.

The Gyros are packed full and the fries are perfect.
I recommend the onion rings though

Very friendly staff with huge portions of gyro meat when you get the platters.
The fries are thick-cut and also a generous portion, although they can taste a little mealy.
The platter comes with warmed grilled pita, tomatoes, thinly sliced onion, and a cup of tzatziki sauce.
I shared the double gyro platter, and found that we still had a heaping mound of meat after eating 1 pita's worth of gyro sandwich each!
The double gyro platter is a little less than $11, and you can substitute chicken instead for $.75 per serving.

Best Gyros for the price.
They have never let me down!

I live in the area and wanted a place that I could go to on the weekends without spending too much or having fast food, so I tried this place.
It is amazing, everything I have tried so far is really good and the price is more than reasonable.

I've been going to Niro's for over 5+ years.
I think the gyro is really good.
Being from Chicago, we love our gyro so I'm glad this place is near my home.
If you get the double gyro plate, they give you a lot of meat.
Just wish they would give you 4 pitas since 2 is not enough.

We split a single gyro and a side order of Greek fries.
This place is absolutely delicious and the PERFECT price for a great taste in food!
You probably won't find a better gyro place anywhere nearby.
We WILL be going back and trying their Chicago dogs VERY soon!

Love the Gyro.
When on a diet you can ask for the salad with gyro meat, will full you up!
I also love than every time I go, the owners are there, I like supporting local business, specially when they have the best Gyros in town!

Bug in my food.
Need I say more....

The best gyro I have had yet.

Very good gyros sandwiches, salads, drinks in an informal atmosphere for lunch.
Love the tzatziki.
The owners/managers are always so warm and welcoming.
If you like the flavor of mediterranean, you won't be disappointed.

Definitely reminded me of home (Chicago).
I love these mom and pop stores, especially ones that have been around over 10 years.
Pricing is reasonable, food is decent and well portioned, and though its greasy and bad for you, sometimes you just gotta.
The gyro was worth it for me.
The chicken picado wasn't very good and though we thought it might be a healthy choice it was greasier than the gyro and had too much jalapeno on it.
Fries are average.

I am pleased to say that this is a very delectable fast food greek restaurant.
The food always seems to be freshly cooked to order, with phenomenal service in hand.
It's a welcoming "mom and pop"  restaurant with well priced meals and entrées.
I recommend the gyros Niro's serve, as they are the best locally.

Probably more of a 3 1/2 but it's close to a 4 so what the hell.
Tasty 2 gyro plate with fries, it's a make your own plate basically.
The young girl at the counter was very friendly and the food came up fast for take out.
I thought the gyro meat was very good, maybe a little overly salty but it's heavy fast foodish food so it's not the end of the world.
The restaurant itself is clean, nothing special but does the trick.
Will go back.

Gyros and french fries and dietcoke are o outstanding a few people told me this is the best gyro in phx and I want to confirm it

Having grown up in Nafplion, Greece and lived in Tarpon Springs, Fl I wasnt expecting much to begin with.
I tried the chicken gyro which left a lot to be desired.
The chicken was rubbery and it looked like they carved it out like gyro meat.
Had two pieces of tomato very few onions and some tzatziki sauce.
Honestly the best thing about the meal was the fries.
Price was higher than average for me.. Around $8 for the chicken gyro and fries no soda.

Pros...  Really good gyro meat, crispy fries!
Yum!
Very friendly manager maybe owner?
She was very informative and polite.
Clean area Good amount of meat provided in gyro  Cons Price is a little step for a gyro meal but not horrible.
Dine in area is a little out dated  Overall a place I would come back too!
My "cons" are me trying to come up with something... Place is legit!

So delicious!
Really hit the spot after a long hike.
The sauce on the gyro is amazing.
The single is HUGE!
Loved the Greek fries as well, the cheese and herb blend was amazing.

Awesome Gyros, lots of flavor.
Fries were nice and golden.
Comming back for more!

First timer here!
Went for lunch with the Hubs.
Had a coupon that we got on our front door.
SO GOOD!!!!!!!!!
Quick service and great Gyros!
Really tasty!
We will definitely be back to try something else.
They have a wide assortment of food there.
They have a punch card for free stuff and you can get coupon via text message too.

Nice try, but nothing memorable or worth going back for.

Love Niro's!
I have been coming here for years and have enjoyed it every time I come.
They have really good food, tons of space to sit and relax, and the pricing is competitive with any other Greek cuisine place I have been.
Everything is made fresh as well, so you always get fresh, hot food

Interesting decore in this place!
Bright green and yellow walls, chairs and tables.
Went here for lunch and the place was very clean.
I ordered the Italian beef sandwich and my wife got the  gyro.
Both were overfilled with meat and tasted fantastic!
Would definitely recommend.

I really like this place the food is good, fresh and the servings are generous.
Service is prompt , can't go wrong here!

This is a good Gyro, but nothing absolutely amazing.
I only tried the Gyro, and I will go back, but only if I am in the area.
They don't put lettuce on their Gyro's, I had to ask for it and it cost extra (lame).

Cheap, fast and good.

Artichoke Chicken Pita is SO good!
Love their fries too--halfway between steak fries and shoestrings...never soggy...nice.
Have had their burgers, gyros and Chicago-style hot dogs and everything is tasty, especially for its affordable fast food standards.
They get really busy at lunchtime but you can call ahead.
Staff has never been anything but friendly and efficient!
A definite semi-regular goto spot for our family!

