Ganem came recommended by a friend.
I took my Breitling watch to them a little under 2 years ago.
They recommended sending it into Breitling to have a full service overhaul at the Breitling factory.
I got it back, the watch worked great and I paid $600.
The problem is Ganem never sent it back to Breitling.
They DID have someone work on it, however, when I had another issue with it this year and did send it to Breitling, I uncovered the fact they Ganem lied aobut having sent it in.
Breitling had no record of ever having serviced my watch.
That to me is really shady.

Ganem came recommended by a friend.
I needed to have my ring resized and did not want to go to just any old jeweler.
Very nice and friendly from my initial visit.
Patrick seemed very nice and knowledgeable.
They sized me up, and sized me up again to get it right.
I feel very confident in their ability to perform this task.
I will update everyone when I get my ring back in a week.

Love my Ring!
Great Job on resizing it.
Patrick was not there when I picked it up, be he called me on the date when they said it would be done, and he told me it was ready to be picked up.
The quoted me $50 and that is what I was charged.
The quality and craftsmanship seem outstanding so far.
I am very happy with my decision to go here.
It was a great recommendation for me from a friend, and I am and will recommend them to others.

While I do not do much with jewelry, Ganem regularly seems to have a beautiful and varied selection.
The staff is usually both professional and curtious.
I often go there for investment reasons:  usually investment grade silver coins with the rare gram of gold.
Curtis and James usually help me out with that and have been unfailingly great to work with so far.
The only downside is that they can get a bit busy on the weekends.
They, however, do hussle in those situations and seem to try to balance good with fast service.

Personally, I am against jewelry of any kind, but my wife feels differently.
So, I went on a search for a good value on an engagement ring.
If you are serious about buying an expensive piece of jewelry, it pays to shop around, even online.
This place has a great selection of all kinds of jewelry.
I was caught up just walking around to see the range of stuff they had.
The owner, just for fun, showed me some very expensive naturally colored diamonds they keep in the back.
I shopped around big time, and got a great deal on an engagement ring.
My wife looks at her emerald cut diamond everyday and enjoys it more than I can understand.
It may seem ridiculous, but save yourself the headache, impress her, don't skimp on the diamond.

I came here to get a link taken out on a watch I inherited.
I walked in and didn't reply know where to go, there was no obvious starting point, so I just wandered around for a few minutes while associates buzzed around me.
I finally interrupted someone to ask for help.
The man I spoke with was very professional and helped me quickly.
He told me up front the cost of the service would be $15.
I said fine go ahead.
The link was taken out, I asked him a few questions about how to clean the watch and he was very helpful.
I left without looking at the receipt, I got home and the receipt said "watch battery.
" I assume they don't have a code in the computer for "watch link removal.
" I didn't really think much, but thought I'd call today and ask how much to take out a link on a watch.
Her response was $20.
My perception is that they charge whatever they feel like in the moment.
Very difficult to trust Ganem now.

I had a great experience buying an engagement ring here.
The staff was very helpful and not pushy, rude or overwhelming.
They had a large selection of rings and diamonds that were all top quality.
The setting adjustment was done promptly and quickly available for pick up.
All and all, I would recommend this Jewelery store to everyone.

I shuffled my feet for years on buying a wedding band.
Recently, I went in with my wife and we looked around for awhile and stumbled upon a stunning ruby and diamond ring.
Had another great experience getting my wife something special.

I first learned of Ganem Jewelers in the mid eighties and was amazed at the quality of personal service and professionalism.
While they do get busy at certain hours, the staff is always friendly and courteous.
They actually take the time to deal with petty issues that most jewelry stores will not deal with and they do it with a smile.
It is the only jewelry store that I do business with because of a long history of trustworthy service.

Zach at Ganem Jewelers is fantastic!!!

My parents have gone to Ganem for years and when I moved to Arizona, so did I.  even though we live in east Mesa, it is worth the drive!
The service has been excellent going over and above.
Jason, the Co-owner, is always helpful.
He designed a couple of my moms rings incorporating some gems she already owned (and thus had sentimental value as well).
They jewelry turned out beautifully....
Maintaining the past and yet beautiful and uptodate.
Luckily, they will get passed down.
:).
We could not recommend them more.

Such great service!
Everyone in there is so nice.
My husband bought my engagement ring at Ganem and they are always so helpful whenever I bring it in to get cleaned or buffed.
Great staff & never any pressure to purchase.
The only jewelers we will use from now on.

