This is one of the only places my fiance and I have found some decent looking couches here around Tempe/Chandler.
We found the perfect one and were told it was in stock in the color fabric we wanted.
So we went ahead with the Lease to Own option, signed the paperwork and paid the down payment on Nov 27th.
We leave the store to go pick the couch up and then they call us and tell us it's not in stock until the week of Dec 12th.... We are obviously very upset since we asked SEVERAL times if the couch was in stock.
We needed something to sit on in our apartment and threatened to cancel the whole thing- so they say we can give u the couch in another color as a "loaner" until your couch comes in and we will swap them out free delivery.
So reluctantly we agreed and the "sales associate" tells us she'll call us the week of the 12th to set up delivery- she didn't call, we had to call them and they told us it was still on backorder- that the week of the 19th it will be in stock.
Well It's Dec 23rd and we had to call THEM again because no one called us.
The couch is now said to be coming in the week of Dec 26th.
So basically we've been sitting on a loaner couch for a month and they still don't have our couch.
Unless you want a couch you don't want- don't sign or pay for anything until you've checked 50 times with them that it's in stock, even then you'll probably get screwed.
Don't buy here!
Craptastic customer service, steer clear of Liberdy the sales associate.

Love this store!
Its huge with a great selection & the saleswomen who helped us was wonderful.
Her name was Marcella so you ever go here speak with her & she'll take wonderful care of you!!
We had a horrible experience at a competitive store (Mor) after a month of issues (we were promised our furniture in time for a party we were throwing at our new house) we canceled our order with them & went to the Room Store.
Should have went here from the beginning.
We saved more money, got exactly what we were looking for (which was a lot) and got everything by the next day.
Love the Room Store & Marcella, they were life savers!

After visiting the Glendale store two consecutive days and spending nearly $1900, Store Manager Lane Pate left me feeling less than satisfied with my experience.
Lane had worked with me both days and was informed that I did not have any furniture in the home I was furnishing, yet he neglected to mention that with my bed purchase, I would not get a frame.
After the deal was closed and I inquired about frame set up upon delivery he told me the frame was not included and the mattresses would be laid on the floor.
He then sent me next door to purchase one from Kevin for an additional $54 more dollars.
I was so shocked I didn't know what to say and just left.
Even Kevin laughed and then apologized for making fun of the poor service.
I am thoroughly disappointed that during our multiple discussions this detail was not mentioned, particularly since this is a necessary component.
My intentions were to come back and purchase furnishings for the rest of my home, but based on how I felt when I left today...
I will most certainly be doing my shopping elsewhere.

2 stars based only the delivery experience...
Product quality is OK that warrants a 3 or 4 star rating however you need to get the product shipped to you and that's where they loose major points!
They can't give you a good time window for delivery, they call you to confirm in the daytime and call you back after 630 to give you a time window which would be OK but why make the first call when the 2nd call tells you what you really need to know.
You can't say I want a delivery in the AM or PM, you can't request a time window, they tell you that your delivery is based on your location, they start with the farthest out and work their way back in... problem is that the drivers re-arrange their routes to better suit their needs so in essence you may as well plan on being home from 8am to 8pm because you'll never get lucky enough to have an actual delivery window.
The flaw in their system is what gives them a low score... fix deliveries and I'd be willing to change the rating.
Also to be clear, I've purchased from them several times, the fact that I have an open credit line with them and the quality of the goods is (no pun intended) good, makes me go back but the experience is always soured when I get the person on the phone telling me that it's their way or no way ... so basically you get what you get, stay home all day and hope that it's OK when it's delivered!
Spend less money on TV advertising and ramp up your delivery operations!

First, we walked into this Roomstore location to select furniture to REPLACE the furniture we had JUST purchased from the Roomstore due to very poor quality.
Upon walking in, we encountered all the Roomstore workers standing in a circle, all staring at us as we walked in.
The first associate Marcella quickly told us we would have to go back to the original store where we purchased the original furniture set.
We called Rooomstore Customer Service and found that this was not true.
Went back into the store and told Marcella that she was indeed incorrect.
While she was helpful, her attitude was placatory and condescending, and she had a terrible time using a simple calculator to figure out what was had to PAY IN to get new furniture.
During this whole process, we could hear staff talking about us and our situation.
This store chain is a scam, and they admit that their furniture is only expected to last a maximum of seven years (it is on the purchase agreement).
Some furniture cushions cannot even be flipped, since there is no fabric on the bottom.
Don't waste your time or your money...we will never return to any of their stores.
It was apparent that commission was driving factor, not customer service.

When we originally went in to the Room Store, we were greeted by one of the sales people.
I do not recall the gals name that approached us when we walked in.
But we told her what we were looking for.
She basically pointed us in the direction we needed and said, if you have any questions..come find me.
Uhh..okay.
We'll come find you.
Well, we had questions after a few minutes and this woman was no where to be found.
After I walked the store for about 10 minutes and still was not finding our sales gal - I ran into Tommy.
*church organ and choir singing*  I had had enough with trying to find our sales gal and we starting dealing with Tommy.
He answered all our questions on the sectional and we then informed him that we were also looking for a king size mattress.
No sooner than we get into the mattress area, the original sales gal approaches all of us and was like...."I've been looking all over for you guys.
"  I wanted to say, 'Yeah fucking right..cause I walked around 10 minutes looking for you!
"  I instead informed her that we were doing business for Tommy.
She walked away with a pissed look on her face.
I would have looked pissed too knowing that I blew a few K's sale cause I was in the back room or where ever doing whatever!
A week later we returned to purchase our sectional and mattress saving $1200 in the process (thanks to price matching on the sectional and a sealy optimum sale going on - king for a queen!
)  Outstanding customer service from Tommy.
The delivery guys a few days later were very helpful too, removing our old mattress and offering to move our old couch and loveseat into the carport (it was scheduled to be picked up by a charity the next day).
We'll definitely return when we're in the need of furniture!

When I first went to the room store I thought it was awesome.
The sales guy, tommy, offered me a great deal on my new mattress, a hundred off the bed, free delivery and a free mattress protector.
I've had the mattress set for a month now, mattress isn't that great and doesn't feel like the one in store.
That's not the real issue though.
I applied for financing on it and got my first bill yesterday.
The total was supposed be a little under 700, but when I opened the bill is was almost a thousand dollars!
I called the room store, talked to several managers, including the store manager, and all he had to say on the matter was that I got charged for the mattress protector, delivery and the hundred off the bed wasn't taken off!
I didn't even want the mattress protector in the first place but I figured since it was free I'd take it.
After about an hour and a half all he offered to do was give me the mattress protector for free but still charge me the delivery and not fix the price on the bed.
I continued to fight with him about the deal I had made, he said he'd call me back in an hour with more of what he could do.
Still no call back from him.
I'm about ready to return it.
It's not comfortable, especially not $1000 comfortable.
I will never shop there again and neither will my family.
He lost out on a lot of business especially since I'm moving and need a living room set and some furniture pieces for my room.
Save yourself the time and agony and don't go there.
The "amazing deals" they offer are all smoke and mirrors.

We went to the Room Store in Goodyear....Our salesperson was Carey Knight...we had an outstanding experience.
I am a person who hates to be followed by a salesperson.
I like to go in, look around and when I have questions have someone ready to answer them without having to search.
Carey introduced himself, left us alone, and when we were ready, he answered our questions and offered some suggestions that helped us with our decisions.
We will definitely be returning for any further purchases and will deal with Carey.
After they had delivered the sofa, I had noticed a nick in the wood.
I called customer service, and they came the next morning to switch it out.
I am very impressed and satisfied with our experience at this Room Store and our sales representative.

Seriously what is it with furniture salesmen, they're just like car salesmen!
So we're looking for a few pieces and have been store hopping.
Against my better judgement we went to look in the Room Store.
The sales guy was all over us.
He said he'll let us look around and he'll check on us later but he's literally following us.
Any time we stop to slightly glance at a piece of furniture he quickly comes over to tell us all about the piece.
Go away!
If I need help I will ask for it.
I really hate furniture shopping at these types of stores.
The sales people are ridiculously annoying and they sell all the same cheap crap...which you can buy online for even cheaper btw (Amazon, Overstock, Wayfair, Hayneedle).
So after about 15 minutes we were done.
I'd had enough and we left.
Won't return, hopefully...you know when you're hungry but you have nothing to eat in your kitchen but you keep randomly checking your fridge or pantry like something new is going to appear, that's how I am with these damn stores.
I always hope for better furniture, and better service but it's always the same bs.

If I could give ZERO stars I would.
We purchased almost $7,000 of furniture from The Room Store, one set being the most expensive leather sofa and loveseat they carry.
Within 7 days, we realized that the cushions and back of the sofa were all wrinkled.
We marched back to the store but of course their return policy is five days.
As a "courtesy", they replaced the set with the same style/manufacturer.
Within four days that set was all stretched out too!
Now they refuse to do anything for us and tell us it is a "return policy issue" (per "Tasha" who is supposedly a customer service manager....I use this term loosely because they have no customer service).
They should be ashamed of themselves!
Would they be happy if this happened to them?
Shouldn't they want to keep customers happy?
To have top grade leather furniture look like it's years old within four days is an outrage.
I am disgusted and their "customer satisfaction" is a joke.
Nobody ever returns your calls and all they want is to get your money and have you go away.
I would run as far from this store as you can.

