I am sure just about everyone has been to a Macayos.. it is your typical Mexican fare.
I come here for lunch a lot and I like it because it is fast for a sit down lunch... you are out of there in under a hour.
I always get their original Mexican pizza (not the baja one)... it is good and something like $6.00.
So while I am not going to rave about Macayos to my friends and tell them they need to try this place it is a good lunch destination.

This Macayo's is just like every other Macayo's except they have the slowest service in the world.
Standard chain Mexican food.
I normally get the California burrito and an Iced tea.
Nothing overly spectacular.
Actually, the chips and salsa are really good.
Do not come here if you are in a rush because you will be anxiously shifting in your seat waiting for your check at the end of your meal.

Macayo's is a not-very-authentic Mexican restaurant that is great for my family who likes not-very-authentic Mexican food.
I like going here when I visit Phoenix because they have a beef taco with shredded beef instead of ground beef which is found too frequently at other restaurants.
Also one time they accidentally deep fried my whole bean burro which turned out awesome and now I order it that way every time.
I was surprised how bad their house margarita was...I always see people returning with their Macayo's margarita mugs to party the night away.
I had a stomache after finishing that off.
Many years ago we'd visit for Sunday brunch which had a breakfast buffet with a huge selection of breakfast Mexican food.

It is truly sick that my boyfriend knows where all the Macayo's are located in the valley and has visited all but one.
Before I started dating him, I had visited the Depot Cantina in 1997 (yes I remember the year, it was a traumatic event) and HATED the food.
I ordered tacos (how can you go wrong, oh you can) and they tasted horrible.
I vowed to never visit Macayo's again.
I had stayed true to my promise for a good 10 years before my boyfriend informed me that this was one of his favorite restaurants (I think he was testing our relationship) and invited me to dinner here.
Well I came back and it wasn't as bad as I remembered it.
I pretty much always order the shredded beef Baja Chimi, the sauce give it just a small kick.
I can't take much.
Sometimes I'll get the mini chimi appetizer plate and that's good too.
I can't remember if it comes with 6 or 8 chimis.
With their Chimi Fiesta going on I get the mini chimi sampler which comes with 6 chimis .
There are 2 of three different kinds: chicken, beef, and pork each with it's own sauce on top.
And it's only $6!
The margaritas here are also pretty good.
My favorite it the frozen strawberry.
It hits the spot on a warm (ok scorching hot) AZ day.
I've never sat in the restaurant area in this location.
The bar has plenty of booths and the servers know us now and are always on top of our order.
I do like patio at the Dobson and Baseline location better because it's "lakeview" dining.
:p But the service at the Ahwatukee location can't be beat.

NEVER AGAIN!!
Our group of thirteen; two five, one seven, one 11, well behaved!
Two star food, 2  1/2  star service.
Food $160.71 tax $13.33 = $174.04 AND $29.00 (18%) tip, yikes!
= $203.00.
If the food and service is 4, 5, star, 18% is cheap.
The worst thing, this dump was my idea, every one else wanted to go to Olive Garden.
Never got a bad meal there.
If you don't see anyone coming through the door, it'll be me.

I have been to this Macayo's quite a bit.
The enchilada sampler is probably my favorite item on the menu, but don't expect too much.
For being an Americanized version of an already inaccurate cuisine, this place is pretty good.
I do, however, very much enjoy the refillable Senor Bob margarita mug.

Perfect Combination!
Margaritas, salty chips, and fresh salsa .
what could be better than that?
Add in 1/2 price appetizers for happy hour and you might have an answer.
The Beef Taquitos were the perfect combination of crispy and soft and the baja pizza was pretty good too!

Ugh, what a waste.
I know that this place is beloved by many, but really and truly this is straight up, flavorless Mexican chain food with some hatch chilies arbitrarily thrown in at times.
It's a total study in mediocrity, from the bland salsa to the weak margaritas.
Tacos, enchiladas, burritos all left me snoozing.
They get a star for their commemorative mugs (hilarious!
) and another for their exceptionally wonderful servers (very sweet and attentive) but that's where it ends.
I can't believe this was the place that the President ate at when he came to visit - I'm joining the throngs of people in the valley that swear against this place.
Like Tim Meadows in Dewey Cox "You don't want no part of this!

Wasn't busy but had to wait a little.
Food was a little cold on my fiance and son's plate but was discounted.
My food came out awesome.

I've had an excellent experience at one Macayo's (Central Av, Phx) & an awful one at another (Ash Av, Tempe), so I didn't really know what to expect here, today.
Here's how it went:  Starting off, they brought me plenty of chips.
They were warm & tasty, & the salsa mild but good.
(When the salsa ran low, my server offered me some more.
)  The "Mex & Match" area of the weekday menu allows you to select one or two of many main item choices, all the same price each, & one or two of a good number of side dish selections, all the same price each.
It's easy to get a meal of exactly what you want from this menu!
I ordered a Chile Relleno & a Shredded Beef Taco for my main items, & Steamed Vegetables & Albondigas Soup for my sides this time.
For the vegetables, they serve you a bunch of different, buttery bite-sized veggie pieces, cooked just right.
The soup was delicious, too.
The Pablano Chile Relleno was a little mild for my taste, but it was BIG, & very well prepared, with plenty of Oaxaca cheese inside.
The shredded beef taco was large too, with plenty of meat, & delicious.
Another thing was that the attractive presentation on the platter & the hot platter itself were both really nice, like something out of an ad where they took all day to prep & photo it!
This location looks new, & it's VERY nice inside!
It was cold outside, & I landed a comfortable booth near the fire in the fireplace!
My service, from Alex, was friendly & attentive, too.
This "Mex & Match" Lunch Special is available Monday through Friday 11-4.
I went with the most expensive combination, 2 main items & 2 sides, & it was $8.49.
A LOT of attention to detail has gone into the layout & decor of this restaurant, as well as to the menu, the  preparation of the food, & the presentation of it.
I think there's enough "specialness" here for this Macayo's to deserve 5 Stars!
:-))

Finally...a Mexican chain restaurant that I really like!
I was weary about trying macayos at first (I can't stand arribas or on the border and thought this would be the same), but I'm so glad I gave it a shot.
The food is really good and the drinks are strong, so you feel like you are getting your moneys worth.
However it is 2$ for a small side of sour cream and I find that a little insane.
The waiters were all really nice and we all enjoyed our food, this is now one of our regular dining places.

Great food.

I have been going to Macayo's for years and they have some delicious mexican food.
My personal favorite is the chimichanga, which is amazing.
I have a hard time ordering anything else because it is perfect.
My wife tried the chili relleno last time and that was delicious as well.
I've had many different things here and have never been disappointed.
Their free chips and salsa are delicious too.
I can't find a single complaint.

My first time at this location, and if the food weren't actually pretty good, I would have rated it a one.
We visited during a lunch hour on Saturday, and I wouldn't have thought the amount of business justified a waiter taking literally a few minutes to get our drink order.
In fact, I think ours was the only table in the section with customers seated.
I was tolerant of this initial slowness thinking it would get better from there, but it never did.
Every step required an extended wait right up to getting my check.
The waiter didn't even check in on us while we were eating.
When I got up to go to the bathroom after the check had been presented suddenly the waiter was there to get his money.
And this is the ONLY time I've been asked for my ID with my credit card at a restaurant.
Some might defend that as a necessary and even nice security step given the world we live in today, etc.
But if left a bad taste in my mouth.
A restaurant shouldn't be doing this.
I had just spent over $100 for a dinner and drinks in a far nicer place in Denver, and wasn't asked for an ID.
So overall, a decent place with good food who needs to manage their help a lot better, and stop asking for ID from customers paying with credit cards.

Ate here on Saturday.
The good news was that the service by Jon was off the chart good.
The chips and salsa were great and my wife's carne asada tacos looked and tasted good.
The beans and rice were fine.
I got a carne asada chimichanga smothered in a cheese and spinach sauce.
The bad moment for me was when I was down to my last bite and I suddenly realized there had been way too much fat in my chimi.
So I tried to pull out the fat from my last bite by removing a suspect piece of meat, and when I took the last bite it was all fat and that grossed me out.
Technically my wife and I had the same ingredients, but in retrospect I realized that since you can't see what's in a chimi when it is smothered, they dumped in fat scraps, and that makes me mad.
It wasn't just a little fat, it was like every 2nd or 3rd bite was dominated by it.
Lame.
If do go back, I'll be sure to get meat that I can see.
Maybe that is why people always order fajitas at Mexican places.

OK but would not choose it over other great restaurants in the area.
Portions are good, but the food did not taste fresh the taquitos, were dripping from lard just not appealing.

Love to eat cheese enchiladas and have a margarita here.
I used to live in Tucson, so when I visit family in Phoenix I try to get a visit here.
One time my enchiladas were cold and I ate the beans and rice which were piping hot.
I brought it to the wait staff attention and they brought me a whole new plate!!

The service was great, but the food is way average.
If you're looking for good Mexican food this is not the place.
This is a large chain that bastardizes Mexican food.

I've been a longtime fan of Macayo's so I decided to finally write a review for them.
I came here last Friday (7/29/11) for a Birthday dinner and as usual the service and food were stellar.
It was really packed on Friday night yet the team still manage to efficiently serve my party of 8 as well as bring out our orders in a timely fashion.
My favorites here are the Taquitos enchilada style and if you don't mind calories the Baja Chimi is delicious (one of my favorite guilty pleasures!).
Everything comes with free chips and salsa (there are two or three different salsas, make sure to ask for the spicy one if you're into heat!).
Really good Happy Hour too!
I haven't been to any other Macayo's location so I am only speaking on behalf of this Ahwatukee location.

So, I came to visit a friend in Arizona and after a weekend of hearing about this place, we came here for our farewell lunch.
Poor decision.
Perhaps I am just spoiled by Mexican food in my area (and the fact that I am half Mexican and often cook Mexican food at home), but the food was awful.
Between my husband and myself, we ordered an Enchilada sampler and a Bean & Cheese Burrito - simple right?
Apparently getting the food right is not a priority at this place.
The green sauce on one of the enchiladas was more of a cream sauce with cheese - seriously disgusting.
The bean and cheese burrito obviously used canned beans instead of anything fresh and the tortilla was crispy (not on an awesomely good way either).
Our server was attentive and the Margarita's were decent (the original is refreshing and good with a meal, the strawberry I could have passed on), which are the only reasons that this place is bumped from a One Star to a Two Star review.
If you are in search of awesome Mexican food, this is NOT it.
If you want a super sub par meal with mediocre drinks, head on it.
I will likely not be back, ever...unless it is at my friend's request - even then, it's a maybe.

Best salsa in AZ!
And the chicken baja burrito is indescribable!
I'm a native and Macayo's is top 5 in the state.

Delicious, one of the best mexican food places around.
Great chips and salsa for free and the shredded beef chimichanga is incredible!

HMMMM......still no option for zero stars???
well I wish i could give a better review, but it's hard to when you NEVER get greeted!!!
LOL So i'll try.....this was the first time i've ever gotten up and walked out of a restaurant.
My wife wanted to stay and complain, but we were both pretty hungry already and didnt really want to wait around to talk to some 'Joe Shmoe' Manager, who obviously doesn't give a crap about service and hospitality.
We walked in at about 8:15-8:20pm lastnight, no hostess, nobody there to greet us.
Stood there for about 4-5min, finally a girl walks by and asks, "oh do you need a table?
"  So at this point, a little annoyed, but oh well they must have cut the hostess early that night?
Start looking at the menu, a couple minutes go by, still no server.
We see a couple different servers walk by our table and glance at us but just ignored us.
So i guess those servers were all cut?
or it wasnt their turn?
We both knew that they didnt have the full staff of servers on still, but you'd think somebody would eventually greet us.
So we finish looking at the menu, sat there for another couple minutes.
Saw another 2 different servers walk by us and talk to the two booths on both sides of us to ask how things were, and both walked away without talking to us.
I could understand maybe miscommunication, or if we had beverage napkins down already, or if we had walked over from the bar and already had drinks, maybe everyone who walked by us just assumed we had already been helped.... but NO!!
nothing!
we had nothing infront of us, other than 2 folded up menus that we both had read over almost 4 times!!
LOL  Then there was one busser that walked by and kind of glanced at us after we had been there for 5 mintues and he could tell something was up.
But still nothing.
Then i turned to my wife and said, "ok lets just go, this is garbage.
" we were both kind of hesitant about walking about, because we had never done it, but this was a joke!
she asked are you sure?
should we say something?
i said, "to who?
nobody is stopping at our table to greet us, just get up, follow me, lets go.
"  So as we were sliding out of the booth, we left the menus on the table, nobody tried to stop us or ask us what was wrong, obviously nobody cared.
Headed to the exit, right past the host stand.
Noticed there were 3 girl servers just hanging out kind of off to the side of the host stand, but still in front for everyone to see.
Just chatting with themselves, all of them messing with their phones, one girl had her purse on so she must have been leaving soon.
All 3 girls were oblivious and watched us walk out.
Now i've been going to Macayo's since i was 12, back when there was only one location over in mesa, then the one in downtown tempe, and been coming to this location since it opened back when i was in high school.
Now the tempe location is great, still go there, the patio is cool, never had a problem there.
But here, this garbage ahwatukee location, yea its gotten to that point now, garbage.
It started off good when it first opened about 10 years ago.
But over the years this location has reeeeaaallly dropped off.
Not so much the food, dont get me wrong the food has still been consistantly good, but the service over the years!
BLEH!!!
just like the 17 different times they've re-painted the outside of the restaurant!!!
LOL  I know management and staffs change over the years, but you can really tell that they dont care anymore.
So anyone in the ahwatukee area if you're in the mood for mexican food dont even consider Macayo's on 48th & Warner.
You'd be better off going to the Taco Bell right there for better service.
Or just down 48th street to chandler for Arriba's(which is where we ended uo going).

The food here was great!
I had received a recommendation for Macayo's from my hotel....everything was exactly as he raved about.
The place is spacious and bright....the chips and salsa were plentiful and extremely addicting....the service was exceptional.
I chose their recommendation (Macayo Chimichanga) which was excellent and I would definitely go back!
If you love mexican food, this is a great pick!

The service was excellent.
The food was good.

Delicous Mexican food at a great price!
Love the green chili tamales and chicken chimichangas!
Endless chips and salsa are delicious as well.

Stay far far away from here unless you like food that comes out of a can into the microwave and onto your plate.
I couldn't eat my meal at all, I had a chicken chimichanga that came out soggy there was so much water left in the chicken.
I tried to eat the chicken but it was nasty and fatty.
The rice and beans where hot on the outside and cold in the middle.
Even the booth we where set at was dirty and had holes in the vinyl.
I will never go back.

If you like AUTHENTIC Mexican food, don't bother.
If you don't know the difference you'll probably be ok.  My feeling is that it is totally "sanitized" with little to no soul.
It's overpriced as well.

I don't know what has happened to this formerly tasty and satisfying restaurant, but things definitely seem to have fallen way below par in terms of taste, quality, and price.
I ordered the cheese enchilada, shredded beef taco, and beans combination plate and was very disappointed to see that the beans were microwaved while the rest of the food lacked flavor.
The staff is usually always nice at this location, but the food just isn't worth it anymore.
Maybe it's different at different locations, but the only tasty food still left here are the chips and salsa.

Update: Management called to appologize for all th RATS running around and said he'd send me a coupon for our next visit.
It never came.
Surprised?
Not really.
RATS!!!
The wife and I stopped for quatro de Mayo and were halfway through our Quesadilla when I looked to my left and a BIG rat was sitting under the table next to us.
As soon as i made a gesture towards him he ran back into the outdoor stainless bar/storage or whatever it is.
OK, she was freaked out but I said, "hey, we're on the patio so &%#$ happens and told the waitress when she came back who was also a bit freaked out especially when I told her how big it was.
This was no freakin' mouse.
A few minutes later our food came out and as we were engaged in the act of eating... here came another big freaking rat who ran right under our table and out hole in the wall.
I once again told the server who was a bit freaked out and started looking around as she went back to wherever she came from.
Never did any management staff come out to apologize or maybe offer to move us or something so we finished most of our meal and hit the road.
I've been frequenting Macayo's for years but this and the fact that the food quality isn't consistent has ensured we won't frequent this establishment any time soon.
We also planm to let everyone we know about this.
I've lived here all my life so that's quite a few people

Macayo's offers a broad selection of Mexican favorites like enchiladas, burritos, chimis, etc.
I had a chicken chimi and it was very flavorful.
The salsa is delicious with just enough heat.
Service was friendly and fast.
The restaurant is enormous, but the interior decor is interesting to say the least.
It is overly bright inside, like a Mexican Denny's.
There are fake animals everywhere and enough fake plants to make Rainforest Cafe jealous.
Overall this is just an average Mexican restaurant in a town full of great Mexican restaurants.

I will just hit the highlights:   Ordered the carne asada chimichanga with rice & beans.
All of my food was room temperature when it came out.
As a side note, I've never seen carne asada meat cut so big.
They were each sized like pieces you'd cut off a steak.
After forcing down half of the chimi I sent the entire plate back to the kitchen.
Ultimately it was removed from our bill.
The waitress brought one of their regular heavy-bottomed glasses to the table for my 6-year old.
She also filled my drink so full that it dribbled all over the table as she was handing it across to me instead of walking to my side and setting it down.
The sopapillas were flat, thick, and very bubbly like fry bread, not light and thin with one big pocket on the inside.

RATS!!!
See the manager's 'appology' , Hell,he didn't even visit our table on our less than acceptable experience and he never followed up on his promise via e-mail to take care of us with a discount next time we come in.
We still haven't received anything even though I gave him our address.
Apparently they could care less although they feel a need to do the requisite "lip service" giving the illusion they are concerned.
I've been coming here since they opened the Ahwatukee location and it was a favorite haunt for drinks after hitting 18 at Ahwatukee CC.
No more for me, my family and anyone else I remember to tell about our experience

I like the location and the bar area and the little patio, it's relaxing.
Service was very good.
Now for the food yikes:  Chips and salsa, chips are good and light and thin.
Salsa is watery and has no flavor, the hotter salsa was a bit thicker and tasted better.
Ordered like someone else mentioned, the carna asada chimi.
It was huge but I also got the thick chunks of meat inside, I've never seen carne asada look like that.
The worst part is the chimi was very salty.
The rice had no flavor either, so overall it was horrible, and it was expensive.
I'm hard pressed to order any food again, possibly just drinks and hang out.

I went to the mesa location a few months ago but don't remember ever coming to this location.
We had an in-service day at work so we had an extra long lunch.
So me and some coworkers decided to head over here.
Great choice.
I can't speak for the rest of the menu but their chimis are great.
I got the shredded beef one this time.
So good.
I love them.
There is a reason it is their specialty.
If you go to a steak house you don't order the chicken or go to a sushi place and order a hamburger.
So if it the specialty why get anything else.
My girlfriend loves Macayo's too so we will definitely be back.
So will my coworkers if we have another long lunch.

Tried it yesterday, because Los Dos Molinos was closed and I wanted to try a new Mexican place.
The service was good.
The margarita was decent.
I tried the carnitas.
Bland.
The beans were terrible.
The food was subpar.

Came here for date night last night and it was amazing.
We got sat right away and our server brought us our chips and salsa and our drink orders almost right away.
We ordered and our food was hot and amazing!
The only thing I would complain about would be our server being too attentive.
I mean it isn't bad it showed he cared but we saw him at our table every 7-10 minutes.
Other than that.
Everything about this place is great!
Fast and great food

Finally got back around to this lovely Macayo's, joined today by Mike C. & Jackie C.  I went with a "Mex & Match" Lunch Special, which gives lots of choices.
Mine came with Tortilla Soup, followed by a big (Pablano) Chile Relleno, steamed veggies and a shredded beef taco, plus a little bit of salad, unlimited tasty chips, their excellent chunky red salsa.
This was a really good lunch with great table service by Kyle and priced right at $9.99.
:-))

I have been to Macayo's restaurant before but this time, I feel that I must comment.
The food was excellent at the Ahwatukee setting but it was provided by an even greater asset, the server Rafael.
He was courteous, attentive and respectful.
It was a great pleasure to have him at our table.

Stopped in for dinner tonight and was greeted promptly And seated very quickly.
My waiter was awesome, took our order, got the drinks out and brought us the chips and salsa.
The chips were fresh but what in the hell happened to the salsa?!?
The salsa looked and tasted like it was 90% tomato paste, 5% chopped veggies, 5% liquid.
The salsa was absolutely gross and tasteless.
I inquired about the flavor and texture and he mentioned they recently changed the recipe.
He asked if we'd like to try the spicier salsa, said it might be better.
The spicier salsa was brought out and it wasn't much better.
Instead of tomato paste it tasted like a chipotle BBQ sauce.
The food was super quick coming out which was awesome, however the awesome ended there.
The chicken tortilla soup was more like a salty stew, the trio enchilada plate looked good but the rice was mushy and flavorless, the cheese in top if the Baja sauce was dried out and the pork was chewy and included pieces of fat and tendon.
About the best thing in that plate was the black beans   The carnitas chimmy was so so, the meat was flavorless like it was boiled.
The chicken in the chicken cilantro lime Caesar salad tasted like it was boiled then lightly grilled.
The lettuce and dressing were pretty good though.
The tamale bites tasted like deep fried Mac and cheese bite with green chili in them.
We have our waiter out feedback and again he mentioned the kitchen changed the menu and recipes.
We asked for the manager and Maria came out and we gave her the same feedback.
She too said there were some changes to the menu and recipes.
She apologized for the quality and taste if the food and comp'd half if the meals.
I understand adding new things to the menu to stay current but why change recipes?
The 1 star given was only because of the great service and attitude of our waiter and manager.
Can't say I'll be back again, at least not until they fix the recipes and go back to using quality ingredients and improve in their food qualities.

Very rarely do I find a restaurant that does not change it's taste and menu over the years.
Macayo's must know a good thing when they have it, I have never had a meal that has been removed from the menu and if you need something changed about it they are more then willing to fix it to your liking.
The endless chips and salsa are always great but their sauces make their entrees better then ever!
Yay for baja sauce!
I will continue to go back for years to come!

My family and I love Macayos, we eat at the Tempe location all to time.
We came her for a quick lunch and ended up staying much longer than anticipated.
The food was delicious like usual, the fried ice cream is great!
But the service was terrible.
We waited forever to get our food, even though there were only a few people there.
We will not be eating at this location again.

I come here maybe once a month or so, I find that the wait staff is for the most part friendly, but two that stand out as what true customer service is about.
They are Mike ( he's a new dad) and a young lady Ashley.
Both work hard to cater to our needs without being bothersome.
A rare combo in the food service world.
Great food and if I were you ask for mike or Ashley's station.

