I've lived in this complex for several years, and I absolutely love it!
The staff have always been friendly and helpful, and maintenance is always quick to respond if you have any issues.
Also, the apartments themselves are spacey and well laid out.
Parking can be a problem sometimes, depending on which side of the complex you're on; but overall it's a wonderful place to live!

I have lived here for several years and I don't have one negative thing to say about this complex or the staff.
The staff has always been quick to answer any questions and the maintenance crew does the job well too.
It's quiet and I'm very lucky that my  neighbors are respectful to others.
I highly recommend living here.

I lived in Sonoran for a year, and it was by far the best place I have lived (aside from my mother's house, of course).
The grounds of the property are always in the best shape, and there are people taking care of the property throughout the week, including an exterminator to make sure you never have pest problems.
It's mostly desert landscape, but there are a lot of well-kept sections of grass for the pets.
Speaking of pets, Sonoran is very pet friendly.
Along with the patches of grass for pets using the bathroom, they have placed pet waste bags and garbage cans all over the property so you never have to walk very far to take care of your pets.
The front office also loves to meet all the pets and will even remember them by name later on.
I have spent time within both the one bedroom and two bedroom apartments, and both are very spacious.
The kitchens have a lot of counter and storage space, and the bathrooms do, too.
The units have big windows to let in a lot of natural light, but they have giant shades to prevent too much heat from entering your place.
Every business you could ever need is a stone's throw away, making errands simple.
Examples of some of these places include, Best Buy, Target, Fresh and Easy, Sprouts, Michael's, Wells Fargo, Desert Schools, Peter Piper Pizza, Barnes and Noble, AMC, Hobby Lobby, Circle K, Ross, and Sports Authority.
All of these places are within 400 yards, and that's only about five percent of the businesses in the quarter-mile square area.
These apartments are fantastic, and I would recommend them to anyone who is looking to live in the Ahwatukee area.

