I drive all the way to Ahwatukee for this salon.
Best manicure/pedicure.
it is insanely clean, everything is new, the chairs are some of the best.
they don't vibrate- they actually massage into your shoulders.
and they always play kool jazz.
it makes me feel like a kid stuck in my step dads car all over again.
only...in a good way.
ok, so they don't correlate.
whatever.
i always nearly pass out, and so does everyone i go with.
so relaxing.
and you leave feeling like a million bucks.
My only complaint is they speak vietnamese in front of clients and I think that's tacky...but it's pretty hard to escape at most salons

I went to Presto Nails because it was nearby and I wanted to try a new nail salon (and needed a pedicure *badly*).
The manager, Tom, was very nice as was the whole staff.
One thing that stood out was the fact that they greeted their repeat clients by name, and that those clients returned that courtesy.
I find that a nice touch, made them very personable.
Services offered are manicures, pedicures and facial waxing, from what I saw and talked about.
I got a mani and a pedi.
Anyway: The staff will make suggestions on services but did not seem put off when I declined.
They didn't try to go for the hard sell, which I liked a lot.
The manicure and pedicure were standard pricing, but their massages here are longer than most other places I've been too.
Also, my tech was really thorough when doing the callous removal.
The place is clean, the staff is nice, and you really do leave feeling relaxed.
I will definitely make return visits.
And will be trying out their brow waxing.
Saw a lady who had just gotten hers done and they looked nice.

My friend and I met up for a pedicure at this establishment.
We live in different parts of the city and this was a halfway point.
The place was really clean and all of the staff were very personable.
The owner was very nice and asked for my name, and if I was from the area or familiar.
The pedicure was fantastic, seemed a little short, but maybe I was having such a good time catching up on my friends news.
There was a steady flow of customers coming in and everyone there looked happy, relaxed and enjoying the experience as much as I was.
There are a lot of food choices in that area too.
So that always nice, for a before and/or after hang out.

Have never been to a Nail Salon twice because I've yet to be impressed....however.....this place was impeccably clean and even though it was busy, my service was not cut short (like at Comely Nails next to Ulta).
No appt just walked in and got my full set done by the manager Tom who was extremely attentive.
As I type I'm still admiring them.
Since I got there at 4 and they closed at 5 on Sundays I only got a color change on my toes.
Will definitely be back for a full on pedicure.
I did test drive their spa chairs and it felt like heaven.
Full body massage no joke-glute to neck.
Was not bothered at all when the workers were speaking Vietnamese but Tom was kind enough to explain they were talking about the work day.
Perfect location and great service definitely recommend.

My friend and I go drive up to Awatukee just to get our nails done here.
The staff is wonderful, and does not deny our request.
We usually get our nails done every 2 weeks, and we get the no chip nails.
The pedicures are fantastic.
The vibe there is good.
Everyone is happy and makes you feel relaxed.

As I sit in their wonderful massage chairs at this very moment I'm thinking to myself "how could I not have found this place sooner?!?!
" especially when I used to live right next door!
Very clean establishment and all the people are very friendly.
I got very lucky to have the same guy do both my full set and pedicure, also didn't hurt that he was cute, flirty and sang every song that came on the radio the entire time he worked on me...  Andy, I believe is his name, at least that's the name on the station that I got my set done on.
He was very attentive and very observant, I had originally asked for the coconut milk scrub and he persuaded me to go with the sugar scrub because it would hurt less because he noticed that I had shaved my legs recently.
Amazing!
This place is absolutely wonderful!
I shall be tipping very well and returning very often!

I am new to the area and just bought a house in Ahwatukee.
I looked the shop up on line and saw several reviews, all 5 stars.
I walked in today and asked for the WORKS, full new set of pink and whites, pedi and eyebrow wax.
I have to say Tom was wonderfully attentive.
Danny did a wonderful job on my nails and Mai was great with my toes (totally avoiding the injury to my knee in the process).
At the end of the day the price i was charged made my jaw drop, and not in a bad way!
I was shocked that the price wasn't at least double!
I would fully recommend this place to all my friends and future neighbors!

This is the best nail salon I've been to - clean, affordable, and my manicure lasts 3-4 weeks!
Make sure to ask them to use the gel so your mani/pedi last a long time.

Great service, they listen to you and do wonderful designs.
The massage chairs are amazing as well :)

How weird - yelp seems to have deleted my last review!
Well here it is again with some more info.
This is the best nail salon I've been to - clean, affordable, and my manicure lasts 3-4 weeks!
Make sure to ask them to use the gel so your mani/pedi last a long time.
Diane and Ann do the best flowers and they can do the flower on your pedicure even if someone else is doing your pedicure.
They do a great job of remembering what my preferences are and it's pretty much perfect every time.
They can get really busy on weekend afternoons so it's better to go a little earlier or to call for an appointment.
See you there!

I thought this place was very nice.
CLEAN!
The people were nice as well!
I had a pedicure and a manicure (gel nails for first time).
I would go back for sure

I was in the Phoenix/Chandler area for work and got done a little early in the afternoon.
My toes and nails had been begging for some attention for quite a while and since I had nothing else I needed to do right away, I decided to finally get my nails done!
I checked Yelp and saw that this place had very good reviews so I headed on over.
I got here early in the afternoon and was helped immediately.
I got a manicure, pedicure, and eyebrow/upper lip wax.
The prices were pretty much right in line with what I expected but I was definitely pleasantly surprised at how well my nails came out.
I don't THINK they're using a different top coat, but my toes and even my nails were pretty much completely dry by the time I left!
She did do my pedicure before my  nails, and then my wax after my nails, but at my normal salon in Virginia, I still make a point of sitting under the dryer for at least another 10 minutes, even when they follow the same order too.
So I left without even sitting under the dryer and everything was dry by the time I got back to my car.
Again, not sure if it's the desert air or a miracle top coat, but I was very happy with how everything turned out!
If I ever come back out to this area and my nails are hurting again, I'm definitely coming back here!

Only a handful of reviews but the high rating is well-deserved, if you ask this third time pedicure veteran.
My girlfriend had lived in Ahwatukee and suggested I join her for her monthly pedicure last November.
Besides being a guy with 30 years of callous flesh buildup and toenail neglect hidden by my Triforce slip-ons that I did not want to expose to this gal I was trying to court (the scene from Dumb and Dumber playing in my head as we pulled into the parking lot the first time), my bigger concern was the simple expectation of sitting in a grungy strip mall salon (like those next to the discount pho restaurants I frequent) being worked on by a bunch of women criticizing my neglected hooves.
None of the above at Presto (full disclosure: it IS in a strip mall space).
Besides the acetone whiff when you walk in, the salon and the staff make for a very pleasant and inviting experience.
The salon is bright and new and always seems clean.
The staff is very friendly and, as others have mentioned, Tom the owner is a very nice guy and very respectful.
Each time I have had a different pedicurist and they are all friendly and attentive.
I see them engaged with customers who do like to talk a lot (I know my three experiences are a limited sample but this is usually fat old ladies) and pretty much just leaving alone the quieter ones (like myself) who just like to play with the chair's massage settings.
Many others seems to think like me because they've always been busy and most of the customers talk to the staff like regulars.
Frankly, I think I am spoiled by Presto and am not even interested in trying out another salon.

Sooooooo much nicer than Comely Nails!!!
The ambience at Presto Nails was peaceful and relaxing.
I really enjoyed the instrumental/symphony music that was playing.
To be honest, I forgot that I was even in a strip mall...two doors down from Chuck E Cheese, no less!
What I especially loved was the fact that while preparing for my pedicure, the nail tech presented me a list of pedicure options, each with their own description and price point.
One included extra massage time, another, additional callous removal, salt scrub, etc.
I really appreciated this, because I like knowing what I am paying for (and how much I am paying) up front.
The shop was busy but not loud, and the employees were very efficient, professional and respectful, which is often lacking at Comely Nails.
And the shop was extremely clean and organized!
The foot massage could have been more vigorous, but all in all I can't complain.
For a pedicure with a few extras and a gel manicure, I spent $60 and two hours but it was worth it!
I'll be back again!

Had a wonderful experience and prices are great!

I went to this place after work yesterday around 4:30ish to get a simple pedi.
Lady who helped me was nice enough, didn't bother to small talk which was fine with me.
She was a little rough when messaging my legs.
I got a classic pedi with callus removal, it was the most effective callus removal treatment I have ever had.
Classic pedi was $20 plus $5 for the callus removal, price is reasonable, I will return.

Great place!
I don't live in this area but happened to be in Ahwatukee so I stopped in for a pedicure.
They were super busy (which I see as a good sign) but I only waited about 5-10 minutes.
A man, who I assume is the owner, was extremely polite and apologetic about the wait.
The whole place was super clean, we'll organized and decorated nicely.
I hate going to nail places that have takcy or overdone decor... it's not very relaxing.
The girl who did my pedicure was polite and worked quickly and efficiently.
She was also very gentle!
I have had experiences at other places where they dig at my toes and then my feet hurt the next day.
Luckily, I was totally comfortable the whole time.
The massage chair was amazing!
My toes look great, I feel relaxed and I didn't leave the place broke because the prices were great!
I may make the only drive just to come back here.
I highly recommend this place to everyone!

Sooooo nice and good price :)

Clean and relaxing service.
The chairs are comfortable and the nail technicians are very precise on their pedicures and manicures.
They did a great job and reasonably priced.

I love this place for pedicures.
They have a menu with the prices and what each pedi packages includes with al a carte items below with prices, The staff is friendly and efficient.
The salon is very clean.
They ask tips be in cash, which is a hassle but I understand.
Credit cards charge a percentage of amount which can cut into the profit of a small business.
They didn't rush even as the place started to get busy.
Great place, highly recommend.

I went to Presto Nails for the first time last week.
It's the closest nail salon to my apartment, and my sis (who swears by weekly mani-pedis) took us both to get pampered.
SO glad we did!
The Yelp reviews were very helpful and spot on.
They were busy there as it was a Saturday afternoon; however, our technicians were friendly, fast and very accommodating overall.
The last manicure I had (NOT from Presto!
) was a joke.
Luckily, Presto's mani is top-notch.
Excellent attention to detail, glorious hand/arm massage with lotion that smells delightful.
I don't know what kind of top coat they use but it is magical.
Dried super-fast, and though I have had my mani over a week, it's still glossy!
The pedicure was also professionally executed.
I will definitely be back to Presto Nails again soon.
It seems they run solid business with experienced and (most importantly) friendly staff.
Thanks!

They must be reading these post that they are 'affordable' - I got talked into an upcharge of $30 for what seems like a standard pedicure anywhere else.
Right when my pedicure was finished I was rushed out of my seat and into my sandals(not even time for the polish to dry).
Not coming here again.

I started going here two years ago when My mother (86) wanted somewhere to get her nails done that spoke English.
This is the place!!
They are so good with her, her favorite is Andy who has been able to get my mother's hands healed and her feet always look fabulous.
The owners are fantastic, and it's always so clean!!
They offer you free water while you wait.
They really take time with my mom and me.
It's something I really love, is that they really care about their clients.
They become family to them.
They ask about you and genuinely care about your answers.
I highly recommend this place to everyone.

I've been going to Presto for about two months now.
The guys do a great job with gel nails.
Great pedicures!

Over the holidays, I went to Presto Nails with my mother-in-law and her sister.
They had a pedicure, and I had a mani/pedi.
I have always had a good experience at Presto.
However during this outing, I could have sworn that my nail tech just rinsed off the equipment that she used on me.
When she returned to the station, she got what appeared to be one of those "sterile" packs and shoved the tools in and sealed it up!
I was dumbfounded.
I never had any question about the cleanliness of this place until then.
When we left, my husband's aunt expressed her disgust of how her nail tech just rinsed the callus remover (grater) and put it back in the rotation.
I hadn't even mentioned my experience.
That is disgusting, and I will always dissuade people from going to this establishment if I can!

THERES NOTHING PRESTO ABOUT IT ...First Id like to start by saying that Im not one to write a review.
I know everyone has different experiences  and opinions.. but with that being said, I personally wouldn't recommend this place.
I went with 2 other girls.
The whole reason we went was to get a relaxing pedicure and buffed feet.
We chose to get a manicure as well and I immediately regretted it.
They skipped out on the hand massage( #2 reason why people even get mani's) until right before I left she grabbed my hands and just started rubbing them, they ignored my friends question about color and left her just awkwardly standing there next to the nail tech, they weren't very kind... just kind of a waste of money.
The reviews on here made it seem so legit but instead it was mediocre.
I looked around at the other clients to see if maybe I was jus having an off experience but I wasn't alone.
Another woman there was having a worse time.
So if you don't mind a half done massage and awkward encounters then go for it.
But if you pay $50 and you expect it to be worth it, Id avoid it..

