i'm starving, so i'm going to write a review for the place i'd like to go to lunch to today.
they have the most delicious bagel sandwiches anywhere!
i think it has something to do with my new obsession with mustard - here you have three choices, which they apply liberally .
There never seems to be anyone in line (except in the morning hours) so i can order and sit down or be back at the office in no time.
they have booths, tables and outside patio tables.
$7 for sandwich, chips and a drink, and it kicks subway or sub factory's ass.
damn i'm hungry.

Probably one of the better bagel shops in town.
Its located inside of a shopping plaza, and easy to find as its right next to a Bashas.
I believe they make thier bagels on site.
Fresh, fresh fresh!
I like that.
They also have a great variety of cream cheeses and bagel flavors to choose from on their menu.
They also have a variety of bagel sandwiches to choose from.
Roast beef, tuna, even LOX!
YUMMY.
They also coffee, and some juices and pop as well.
Yippie!
What else I like about this place, is that its just not bagels.
They also have a variety of pastries to choose from, like muffins, and other stuff too.
What else I like about this place is that there is plenty of outdoor seating.
Thats a bonus!
Prices are fair and reasonable, and service was fine.
Worth a try if your in the area.

delicious bagels and cream cheese.
this place always hits the spot.
it does get crowded during certain hours, mostly on weekends.
They have the best bagles and cream cheese.
Around Halloween/Thanksgiving they have pumpkin bagels and pumpkin cream cheese and they are yummy!
I also enjoy their veggie sandwich and roast beef sandwich.

I've never been a huge fan of bagel sandwiches.
I've always preferred just getting a toasted bagel and cream cheese when I frequent a bagel shop.
However, the Nosh Bagelry not only has really, really good bagels and cream cheese (with lots of flavors to choose from for both), they also have affordably-priced and delicious bagel sandwiches.
My husband and I tried the Nosh Veggie sandwich and the Nosh French Dip.
The Veggie was standard but delicious, with veggie cream cheese and a bagel of my choice (I chose onion, naturally), and for only $4.99, I also got potato salad and a pickle.
I know the French Dip ($5.99) sounds strange on a bagel, but it was surprisingly really good.
The roast beef was decent, and the garlic bagel he chose added a little something special.
One delicious touch was that the bagel was buttered; this, along with the au jus, made it rich and flavorful.
I will definitely return here for either breakfast or lunch if I'm in the area.

Just a quick review.
I've been there countless times.
On my way out to go for a bike ride.
On my way home from a bike ride.
Or in the middle of a ride for a quick respite.
Its always a tasty treat and relaxing experience worth looking forward to.
And no matter when I go, I can always count on great bagels, delicious cream cheeses and great service.
I don't think I've ever had negative experience; this is partially due to the owners, Rob and Darcy (sp?
), that seem to really try to make the place as friendly and good as they can make it.
One hint about it, try their new Nosh Bars.
They are a little piece of delectable heaven.

this is a great family-run bagel shop.
They remember your name after only a few times in and the bagels are always fresh.
good coffee and the lox is good.
I have nothing but good things to say here.

I've heard way good stuff about this place for a while and finally had the pleasure of sitting down and having some lunch there.
Thoughts: Staff was friendly and quick, nice place, very clean and some hi-tops and lots of tables and outdoor seating as well.
Chicken salad bagel sandwich wasn't too bad at all, except for the nuts in it - I'd probably eat it again however.
Had a tomato basil bagel toasted with it... yum!
I'm wanting to go back to try different menu items now :)

I'm a regular at Bagel Nosh.
They learned my name right away and miss me when I don't come in for awhile.
They even know what and how I like my bagel!
They have the yummiest Mocha Glacier- i'm totally addicted!
It's not bitter at all - it's sweet and a lot better than Sbx!
They are always busy in the mornings but they keep the line moving - so it's never a problem.
You know if cops eat there...it's good and they are there EVERY morning!!
The girls are so nice... Now I'm craving a bagel and Mocha Glacier - thanks!
Elaine

My standards are pretty low while extremely hung over wearing the same clothes I participated in crazy drunken debauchery the night before.
But I still left Bagel Nosh feeling like I wished I had gone to IHOP next door.
I ordered the $7 Arizona Classic: an egg sandwich with bacon and cheese on the bagel of my choice.
The quality was pretty much on par with a McBagel McSandwich but was twice the price.
The bacon was more like bacon bits and the egg was thin and tasteless.
There was nothing wrong with the service, but the prices were way too high for what I was eating.
My friends had ordered a bagel with spread that looked better.
So I guess the rule of thumb here would be to order a bagel only.
I would definitely leave other breakfast food concoctions to another restaurant.

I love The Nosh!
Has been a staple here in Ahwatukee for a while now.
I believe it has changed owners a few times since it first opened, but the current owners are doing a great job!
Very friendly, welcoming staff.
I went there today, just after the morning rush and they seemed very genuine in saying hello and wishing me a great day.
I love the coffee and I love that coffee at these family owned places is usually better than the chain places and also less expensive.
Score!
They have a great selection of bagels and cream cheese, breakfast and lunch sandwiches.
My favorite sandwich is the Nosh Veggie!
Stacked with fresh veggies that really make the bagel sandwich quite refreshing.
Depending on my mood I may get it on a Jalapeno Cheese bagel, or Wheat, or Sesame, or, well, you get the point.
The best part is getting the Garlic Feta Dill cream cheese with all those veggies!
My mouth is watering right now!!
Tons of bicycle folks hanging out on a Saturday morning and a common place for police officers on the weekdays.
Great little spot in the tuke for a casual, quick breakfast or lunch.

Fresh Bagel sandwiches are the best!
Coda B was obviously still under the influence when he wrote his review because there is no " $7 Arizona Classic" here.
All breakfast sandwiches are less than $5 and come with heaping portions of eggs and meat/cheese of your choice.
Lunch is also served anytime with mounds of turkey, ham, bacon, or my favorite the "Nosh French Dip" roast beef.
Fresh brewed tea is fantastic.
You are always greeted with a smile.
You are treated like family when you walk in.
Thanks for all the great bagels!

I am surprised by the good reviews.
I went as a last minute lunch and got a veggie bagel sandwich with fruit and a pickle spear.
It was about $5.50 with tax and I left still hungry.
The bagel was just okay.
The fruit was very fresh and that was a plus.
I have had much better bagel sandwiches.
I miss Brueggers in Chandler.

Love Bagel Nosh!
The staff is so friendly and of course the food is delicious!
I have to admit that the pumpkin latte was no Starbucks pumpkin latte, but the pumpkin cream cheese was amazing!
( I do realize it's no longer pumpkin season, I was just wishing I had some anyway) It can get busy on the weekend mornings, esp since the bike shop opened up next door, but I find it well worth the wait!
(Oh, and fyi it closes at 2:30 - so get your coffee early!

Came in Sunday am and this place was hopping.
They seem to have a lot of regulars.
The hubby and I both had bagel sandwhiches and they were very tasty.
Much better than those at Einstein's...
I am pretty sure that place uses powdered eggs.
However, I think I do like the bagels better at Einstein's and they have more flavored cream cheese.
I will probably come to Bagel Nosh again b/c I prefer to support the locally owned businesses over chains but I am not really sure if this place deserves the 4 1/2 stars it currently has.
Maybe part of that is due to my bad experience there.
I ordered a latte with my bagel sandwhich and it took a long time to come out, even after the food.
Then when I finally got it instead of coffee they had given me hot chocolate.
A simple mistake but it can be really jarring when your mouth is expecting one thing and you get another.
Plus I really don't like sugar in the morning and this was extremely sugary sweet.
They did replace it with the latte I ordered but it made me a little grumpy to have to wait so long for my coffee on a Sunday morning so it kind of ruined my day.
I will definitely give them another try and may raise the stars higher in the future.
But I think there are better bagel places in the area.
I LOVE Back East Bagels on Southern and I deeply miss Bruegger's that used to be on Rural and Chandler Blvd - they were the best!

there is one problem with bagel nosh: it's not close enough to tempe!
went there on a sunday a little before closing-the bagel selection was sparse but they offered to get us any kind of bagel we wanted.
the garlic,feta, and dill cream cheese was amazing and the breakfast sandwich looked hella yummy!
went to get a refill on our way out and the owner offered a free large glass of iced tea since they were about to close.
the service was great andi might have to make the trip out there very soon!

Some days on the way to work I will make a stop here...
I order the same thing The Southwestern bagel sandwich it's always really good I would say split it with someone it's really a lot of food plus it comes with a cup of fresh fruit...
It's a good start to a day I would say.

For a bagel shop in the desert, it doesn't get much better.
Great selection of fresh bagels (I love the Salt w/ lox).
The service is quick and friendly, and the decor has local flavor you wont find at any big chain.
The owners really turned this place around about 4 years ago.
Now it is a thriving local hangout for the active adult in Ahwatukee.
In fact, they attract so many road bikers, a bike shop opened next door last year.

There are not many places in the Valley you can find a salt bagel and they have awesome salt bagels, just don't get there too late you won't get one.
The staff is always friendly and when my friends and I come back from our bike rides they always get our food to us quickly.

BEST PANCAKES!!!
We want the recipe.
They're newly remodeled and better than ever.
Always great bagels but now they have added more menu items, more choices.
Great food, great people!

Have dropped by here on the way to work a couple of times now.
Staff is super friendly and quick.
Bagels are soft and chewy.
I am a super fan of the Nosh Veggie on sesame.
Hoping to have the time to get to sit and have breakfast their soon and try some of the yummy food I have seen.

I had never been here before the remodel so I'm not sure how much has changed, but I really dig the place currently.
It has a very nice contemporary feel and a very complete breakfast menu for being such a small place.
The few times I have been here they have been pretty packed and it can get a bit iffy as you wait for your to go order.
You seem to be in the way no matter where you go.
Aside from that the bagels are delicious, the breakfast burritos are really great and they have excellent OJ.
What more can you want from a breakfast place?
I tried the pancakes which were really good.
As is normal for the area they are way bigger than any standard human needs.
They come in three, two, or one.
I went for two, next time it will just be a single.
If you decide to get the three stack bring some hungry friends.
Try: - Pancakes - Breakfast Burrito - Bagels

Amazing bagels and a great staff.
I always get the build your bagel sandwich it's heaven!

Rob & Darcy have done an amazing job on the remodel and transforming the cafe into more than just bagels and cream cheese.
They have really good coffee as well!
The staff, for the most part, is friendly and helpful.
Free wi-fi is a plus!

This place is amazing.
The biscuits and gravey are my go to almost every time I walk in to that place.
Anybody who goes there needs to try this!
The breakfast burrito is a close second.
Having these two items on the menu makes me think gaining weight and eating both may be worth it.
The bagels are a great way to go as well.
They have very good cream cheese and the bages are always very fresh.

This is your go to breakfast/brunch in the Ahwatukee/Tempe area.
They make their own bagels, quite the selection and cheap!
This has got to be the best bang for your buck and good quality ingredients to match.
Everything is great here and wide selection of not only breakfast but lunch.
If this is your first visit I would recommend the Apple Smoked Sausage Scramble (they WILL do egg whites on anything for you).
The Breakfast Burrito or for heartier meals... check out their pancakes and biscuits and gravy.
My favorite bagel:  Cinnamon  Sugar or the Raisin with a bunch of Peanut butter spread on top.
Enjoy!

Hello to all you foodies out there!
Been looking for a good Bagel place in the area, because as we all know, bagels are an essential part of life.
We know what the chain bagel places are all about....ok bagels and lousy cream cheese...so I am happy to say Bagel Nosh has some superior cream cheese.
Since this review is about finding a good bagel place, I guess we should start with the bagels.
There is a nice variety of bagels but alas....no egg bagel.
boooooooo  To me, the bagels are similar to the kind you buy in a grocery store bakery area...they are not dense(as I grew up with in Chicago or even New York) but almost fluffier, but they are still good.
So much for the bagels...let get to the cream cheese!
The cream cheese is creamy and thick but not too thick and very flavorful.
When enjoying their bagel and cream cheese sandwich it is safe to say it is the cream cheese that you notice.
I will continue to search for the type bagel I enjoy and in the meantime I will continue to enjoy Bagel Nosh.
I would also like to mention the service is great and the employees are wonderful and very friendly and that alone will bring me back!
Keep up the good work.
I think you should check this place out and in the meantime....  Bon Appetite'

I love Bagel Nosh!
I go there for Breakfast and Lunch!
Fantastic Menu with lots of variety!
I highly recommend the Dill Garlic Feta Cream Cheese!
It is wonderful and full of flavor.
You wont turn back!
I love this cream cheese on the whole wheat bagel and I also love it on the turkey bagel sandwich!

Great place for a simple bagel and cream cheese or yummy lunch sandwich!
Great food!

I'm voting this little gem as the best breakfast & bagel shop in Ahwatukee!
The staff act like share holders and treat everyone like their thrilled to serve them.
The food is excellent and I love the newly redecorated space.
We enjoyed a Two x Four, and a Chorizo Burro and while the Chorizo could have had more heat to it, everything was perfectly prepared right down to the grilled tortilla on the burro.
Thanks Nosh for stepping up!

My family frequently visits this place for their jalapeno cheddar bagels and jalapeno cream cheese.
The bagels are very tasty and the cream cheese is even tastier.
The prices are very affordable and the service has always been exceptional.
During my most recent visit, I had a single cheddar bagel with jalapeno spread and my fiance had the breakfast bagel.
My only complaint about mine was that the bagel wasn't very toasted, but they were very generous with the spread.
My fiance's bagel had a very thick layer of bacon on it (which he really liked), and his seemed like a very good deal considering all of the meat he was given!
The glaciers and the chai lattes are reasonably priced in comparison to the high price these are at the more popular coffee chains.
Overall, this is definitely a great stop to grab some breakfast or brunch in Ahwatukee.

Their bagels are great, but the place is packed on weekend mornings.
Service is still quick even when it is busy though.

It's ok

Still in love with this place!
Their bagels are absolutely delicious and hot out of the oven most times I've been here.
I admit I ordered my exact same item but I did ask for a bagel instead of toast and was very happy with the substitute.
NOTE: Ask for your cream cheese on the side if you don't want a lot or plan on taking part of it home.
I tasted someones biscuit and gravy and it too was delicious.
Creamy with just the right amount of peppery sausage chunks.
Their Bagel Breakfast with ham, egg & cheese has a healthy helping of ham piled upon a fluffy bed of egg.
It's regular ham though, not canadian bacon.
Very delicious!
ONLY CONCERN: Staff not as happy and friendly as before which does make a difference!
Ladies.....pay attention to serving your customers with a smile so we want to come back to this friendly neighborhood joint.

YUM.
I popped in here for a quick breakfast sandwich, and it was incredibly good & affordable.
Hoping to return to try some of the other food items, but that toasted cheese bagel with ham, cheese, and egg was delicious.

Great bagel place!!!
The breakfast sandwiches are on point!!
The staff is always friendly and efficient.
Give it a try you won't be disappointed.
It's the best bagel spot in the Tuke.

The Nosh is as good as it gets.
Although it closes at 2pm daily and the bad customer service, the bagel sandwiches are extremely good!
Nosh, is also one of the few joints that still carries spouts.
Which i love!

This is a good breakfast place.
The bagels are good, the lox is tasty, and the sandwiches are plentiful.
Service is reasonably paced and there are tables both indoors and out to enjoy your meal.

Best bagel that I have had so far in Phoenix.
I had a simple egg and cheese on An everything bagel and it met my expectations.
I went on a Sunday morning and it was chaotic and narrow and hard to get around.
That is my only criticism.

Love this place, something new and delicious every time we come.
Today was the southwestern on tomato basil, mm-mm-mmmm.

Everything about this place is great.
The coffee is spectacular.
The food is healthy and fresh.
Customer service is great.
Friendly staff that will always go the extra mile to satisfy guests.
(The place gets pretty busy, so don't go in expecting speedy service during breakfast/lunch rush).

This place is ok.
I've only ever tried breakfast bagel sandwiches.
The bagels are good.
Eggs have no flavor, not even salt and pepper.
Customer service could be way better.
Outdoor seating is a bonus.

If you're looking for a great breakfast sandwich, this is the place to go to!
My husband and I have have tried several ones and none have disappointed.
Each bagel sandwich is about $7-$8 but they're a decent size.

Tasty place!
Definitely the best bagel place around!
I wish they would open a location near ray/101 because I have to drive 15min to this place - which is a lot for a bagel place in my opinion - but it's worth it!
Their cream cheeses are really good!
The only thing I wish they changed was I wish they cooked their eggs for a bagel sandwich on the griddle rather than the microwave.
But the rest is good enough to overlook that fact.

I have been coming to [Bagel] Nosh since they first opened here over a decade ago.
Came in for a late (11:30) breakfast the other day and the grill had just closed but they still made me the bacon and eggs I came in for.
The eggs were cooked perfectly over medium, no runny whites.
Love that they have supplemented their bagel business with legit breakfast foods.
Good prices, good portions, good food.
Can't really go wrong here and yes, the bagels are really good too.
4/5

Place is friendly, menu on wall a little hard to navigate through but nothing to worry about.
Service is very fast and coffee tasty.
Once I tried my food I was very pleased.
I had the Apple smoked chicken sausage scramble and it was really good.
One thing I'd like to point is the table, it was a bit dirty.
But good over all.
Will definitely return since we don't have places like this in Maricopa.

I really love this place.
One of the places I miss most since moving to AZ is St. Louis bread co aka Panera.
It has taken me years to find a place with great bagels, and the nosh is it.
My personal favorite is the jalapeño cheddar bagel, and I also recommend washing it down with the glacier which is their blended frozen mocha.
This makes my list of best local breakfast spots and it is probably the best priced of them all.

We just happened to be going to play golf at a nearby golf course.
We were early and needed breakfast.
What a lucky stop for us!
The breakfast menu was pretty big.
I had the apple chicken sausage scramble.
It was delicious!
My friend had a bagel breakfast sandwich.
Also yummy.
Delicious coffee.
Friendly staff.
Good prices.
It is a order at the counter and they bring your food to your table kind of place.
There are several tables inside and a few outside.
Their lunch menu looked good, but I can only rate breakfast.
It is not too far off of I-10.
I will go back the next time I am in town.

The breakfast burrito never disappoints and the kids love the pancakes.
Nice selection of coffee and bagels keeps everyone in the family satisfied.
A little pricey but the food quality is good.
For Ahwatukee it's probably 5 stars but sine there are better places around Phoenix its a 4.
They should expand into a bigger space as this places gets crowded in a hurry.

I can completely thank Yelp App for this great find, I was way too early to head into work and wanted some breakfast and not from a fast food chain, so I looked what was in the area and found the Nosh Cafe so off I went.
When I got there it had a little line, but don't worry, it moves sort of fast, while waiting in line I checked out the menu board and saw they had a lot going on, that I want to try it all, but I had to limit my choice to just one this time around.
Now they have breakfasts off the grill and breakfast sandwiches, so I knew the sandwiched sounded good, so I checked out the selection and went with the Ranchero on a jalapeno bagel and a large caramel latte.
The Ranchero was egg, sausage, red onion & house made southwest cream cheese; it was a great breakfast bagel sandwich.
Happy to had found Nosh Cafe, and saw they do lunch and its less than 2 miles from my work, so I can pretty much say I will be back again soon.

I was in the mood for pancakes so I decided to stop in.
This is a bagel shop but the great thing is you can get a full breakfast.
I ordered the pancakes and potatoes (see pictures).
The pancakes were really good.
They taste like a higher quality McDonald's pancakes.
The potatoes were fresh and hot and the did not skimp on the portions.
You can purchase a single pancake if you'd like, so keep in mind they are huge.
Make sure you ask for an extra syrup as well.
All and all this is a nice place for breakfast and I'll certainly go back.

First let me say that I am a bagel snob.
Being Jewish and having spent most of my life in NY NY, I literally grew up and lived on the Real Thing - bagels and authentic Jewish Deli food.
Given this life long exposure I feel I can confidently say there really is NOTHING special about this place.
Bagels yes.
Better than nothing YES!
Anything remotely close to what I know is possible... No!

I eat here all the time, some weeks every morning.
The food and service is good, but the customers are horrible.
This is a small place and it's one of those places where you have to fight for a table and people will walk in the door, grab a table as fast as they can, and then send someone up to make the order.
They have no regard for folks who are literally standing there with food in their hands who've been waiting for a table for 10 plus minutes.
This morning for example, there were four tables nabbed by rude customers that just walked in the door as I clearly stood there with my food.
Three other tables had people camped out on them who had finished eating before I even walked in.
I really don't get any of these people.

My first visit to Nosh was great!
No waiting an hour for a table and the food was really good.
A win-win on a Sunday morning.
I ordered a bagel sandwich and a side of hashbrowns.
The bagel was 1.
Huge 2.
Soft and chewy 3.
Completely satisfying.
The eggs were fluffy and the sausage was flavorful too making for an excellent bagel sandwich.
The hashbrowns were also yummy.
They were buttery without being greasy, salty and had just the right amount of crispiness.
I tried a bite of my friend's pancake and that was good too - very fluffy.
The service was friendly and fast, too.
The only downside was that it was a little loud inside.
They did have a few tables outside but they were full.
Next time if it's not too hot I would probably go outside for a little quiet.
But either way, I'll be back!

Great bagels, friendly people, quick service, nice modern decor and spectacular drawing on the menu (in the wall).
They sweat the little details like the sauce and condiments section all nearly stacked.
The girls that work there are all young so they might not be the most refined taking the dishes and trays out of your way but they do smile all the time!

This is one of our go-to places for weekend breakfast.
We always get the same thing even though the menu has changed a lot over the years.
There are now a lot of options for hot breakfast but we come here for the delicious bagels.
We always share a bagel breakfast sandwich and a banana nut bagel.
The bagels are crunchy on the outside and chewy in the middle just the way I love them.

The long lines are completely worth it.
My favorite place to go after an early morning weekend run.
Or a later morning hangover.
Or any morning at all really.

The food is usually very good with good prices.
Normally I would give this place a 4 or 5 star review, but today the service and food were pretty bad.
The food was overcooked to the point it was not edible and half of the staff was screwing around flirting with a guy they call marky mark.
The owner if he was there would not have been happy.
It's too bad that you can't leave your restaurant and know that the staff will take care of it.
He needs cameras to watch the staff in his absence.

Went here for the first time and had breakfast.
The hashbrowns and pancakes were awesome.
Can't wait to go back for lunch sometime.

Delicious bagels, awesome staff, friendly owner.
I loved the special cranberry/citrus cream cheese they had around the holidays last year, I hope it comes back around this year!

My favorite place in Ahwatukee!
They have the best bagels and homemade cream cheese & freshly squeezed OJ to boot.
The other breakfast items are all top notch as well.
Friends always tell me the coffee is choice too!
Lunch is good but the breakfast is where its at.

