Stayed in middle of February.
This hotel was OK. Not special, and you can tell it's pretty old and hasn't been updated in awhile.
The TV was very small, the kitchen was pretty crappy, but for the price I got it for; not that bad.
Had to pay for the internet, I think it was 4.99 a day for 4 days, (who charges for internet anymore anyway)  The bed was firm, the pillows were floppy, and the comforter was about 40 years old, (insert sarcasm.
) The bathroom area was just ok, Didn't have one of the curly shower curtain bars that most hotels have now so I felt cramped in the already small shower.
I had a bunch of bags and asked for a lower level room, the guy at the front desk said (no, you booked on priceline, you get what we have left.
)  Looking at the parking lot, they had a lot of rooms left.
It was conveniently located and priced low so that was about the only "nice" thing about it, it worked fine but just gets 3 stars from me  And btw, I searched 4 times for the correct address for this hotel, it's actually on E. chandler BLVD and not on S. 50th street.

I think the first reviewer actually stayed at the *other* ESA, about a mile down the street.
(Yes, it it hotel row here, right off the freeway).
That being said, the review is pretty accurate for the other one on Chandler Blvd.
If you have a choice, I highly recommend this one.
The biggest difference is the indoor corridors, which make it feel like a hotel and not like a Motel 6.
It's not in a fancy neighborhood (backs up against a Best Buy), but if you want a room with a kitchenette, it's just fine.

I stayed here for about a week while waiting for my new place to be ready to move into, and I must say, it was a nice experience.
Recently I've been staying in many inexpensive hotels, and this one was definitely a cut above the rest.
The room was clean, had WIFI, the basics to be able to make a meal, and had decent towels.
The hotel is also conveniently located for shopping, food, and access to the highway.
There is a $25 fee/night for pets which I thought should have been $25 per stay.

**THE MOST GROSS DISGUSTING HOTEL IN AZ, CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS**** DO NOT STAY HERE!
I flew some work employees down to AZ for a training that lasted a week.
Not being from AZ I went on Hotels.com and saw some fairly pleasant reviews about this hotel.
I showed it to my reps and they loved the fact that it had a small kitchen that they could cook their own food!
Great!!
I booked the hotel  I get a call from one of my reps on Monday who is also at the brink of tears.
She said that a huge baseball team was there with the families.
Kids screaming, ruining up and down the hallways.
Rooms were filthy, sheets were disgusting, towels not clean.
Also this baseball team was indoors smoking pot...which lingered through the entire hotel.
One of  my girls stuffed dirty towels under the door to block the smoke coming into her room.
Finally they had had enough, so they go to to the front desk and wait to stand in line behind the WHOLE OTHER GROUP OF GUESTS WHO WENT DOWN TO COMPLAIN ABOUT THE SMOKE AND ALL THE NOISE THIS BASEBALL TEAM WAS MAKING.
The college kids who work the front desk really didn't give a rip and said "sorry, nothing we can do"   I got a hold of the district managers cell phone and call and left a msg...did she call me back ..HELL NO....LOL..wasn't surprised that I didn't get one.
Needless to say I immediately moved them to the Comfort Inn in Chandler and they LOVED IT!!
Clean, quiet...customer service was incredible!
I have any more trainings to send my reps to and this hotel most certainly will not get my money...........

Do NOT stay here.
I was here for two nights and was robbed.
Even though it was just food and drinks that were taken, I can't believe that I was there less than 24 hours and someone came into my room and took stuff out of the frig.
Ridiculous.
I was very angry.
And their towels are like sandpaper.
I literally had to pat myself dry.
I am NEVER staying here again.

