I have been here over 5 years and have zero complaints.
The office staff is very personable, friendly, and go out their way to work with you thru any problems.
The staff actually know your name, and even your dogs name.
The Community is very well kept and maintained.
The maintenance team is amazing.
The response time is very quick, and they are beyond trustworthy, friendly and professional.
The cabinets and appliances are a little dated (90s) but clean, and in great condition.
They are right against a mountain so sometimes u see cute little rabbits around the property at night.
As far as scorpions, in my six years ive seen one, and after they came out and sprayed (at no cost to you), ive never seen another.
I have nothing really negative to say about this community.
Great place to live.

I lived in these apartments for 3 years.
I had 3 floods in my apartment, one of them resulting in mushrooms growing in the carpet and a horrible cough that lasted months.
Two times, I lost all my belongings in the storage unit that flooded.
One time, I had to move out of my bedroom so they could tear the walls apart to get to the black mold.
The plumbing was always an issue there.
And the tap water was horrendous - it went from 200s on the zero water meter to 600s in Summer 2013.
The kicker was that, I worked from home, was a private person, never mingled with folks or hung out, and yet someone was stalking me in the complex.
They began carving into the paint on my car, keying it up and then carving in curse words.
I called the cops twice.
Management would do nothing about it or even give me a new space to park in.
I had to park in the other complex and walk the long distance with tazer in hand.
I would advise people to stay away from here.
Management is HORRIBLE and it is the most ghetto bunch of people living in this complex in a neighborhood that should be classy.
They would not give me safety nor would they pay for damages.
Many times in the 3 years they had to shut water off for entire days because of issues with the main.
Dealing with the person in charge is like asking the warden for leniency.
I am so thrilled to be away from there.
I feel safe finally and well attended to.

I have lived here since 09 in two different apartments.
The first one by the park and the second by the desert preserve.
The bottom line is this, if you have kids you will want to live as close to the park as possible so the kids have a place to play and so you can keep an eye on them.
If you don't have kids the best place to live is in an apartment facing the preserve or if your patio faces the preserve that's even better.
These apartments tend to be a little more quiet.
Overall the office staff is very nice and helpful and the apartments are clean.

I moved into these apartments with a roommate back in October of 2013.
Have to say, not bad, not good, just ok.  One good thing I will say is that it's very close to a ton of shops.
It's easy to get to the grocery store, Kohls, or anywhere in a matter of minutes.
Also, the atmosphere is very quiet and peaceful, good for families or single occupants.
However, I do have a couple of complaints about this complex.
There are a lot of visitors to the complex that park anywhere they want and when I mean anywhere, I mean anywhere.
I've seen people park in front of dumpsters, fire lanes, and other spots.
The staff does not enforce their parking system well.
Also, I had an incident recently where the main water line was shut off for maintenance while I was doing laundry.
Problem was, my roommate and I did not get a notice for this.
The apartments themselves are very nice, I think the staff could use some work on customer service.

