I would actually like to give this place 4 1/2 if possible.
I love italian food and really I could rate about 100 places from NJ but I havent been there in so long things may have changed and some of my favs might not even be there.
The fam who owns this place is from Connecticut  I do believe.
Real nice people with sincere italian accents.
There pizza reminds me alot of east coast pizza and is probably the closet to what I remember for alot of pie in NJ.
It is really damm good.
The best thing I have had here however...  is the Veal Parm Panini.
I think they bake the bread there and the Veal is definitely all done on site.
My mouth is watering thinking about the place right now.
As a matter of fact... Im ordering now!

I'm a super fan!
SUPER!
I really, really dug this place.
It's super teeny inside.
Family run.
The pizzas are sooooooooooo delicious.
Thin crust, not greasy, delicious baked bread, oil to dip  MMMMMMMMMMMMM  I love this place's pizza and can't wait to try the entrees and sandwiches that they have!

The pizza was great the service was very friendly.

After reading the reviews here we decided to check out Bell' Italia last night.
As others have mentioned, its a tiny, family run place, maybe eight or ten tables total.
They had the Sinatra going on the sound system, and the NY-LA game on the TV's, but the sound was turned all the way down on the game, which was good.
The Sinatra was more pleasant to listen to than baseball announcers.
We ordered a large pepperoni pizza (most of it for home leftovers), lobster ravioli, and ziti with meatballs.
My wife had the sangria, which we all tasted.
The food was all good.
The prices were a little high compared to Vincent's, which is where we usually get Italian, but very much in line with any of the big chains.
The pizza had a fairly thin crust, and was very good.
The pastas, according to my wife and niece, were good.
The sangria was real nice also.
I'm more of a scotch and beer person and never acquired a taste for wine or wine products, so this is high praise coming from me.
What made this place stand out was the service.
Very rarely do you find a place as friendly as this.
They made a real effort to help us keep our two-year old happy, bringing out some dough with a tiny little rolling pin for him to play with.
They also gave us some cheesy garlic bread on the house, which we all loved.
We also got the usual complementary bread and oil, of course, which was also good.
All in all this is a really nice little place.
Highly, highly recommended over chains like Olive Garden.
We'll probably continue to order our carry-out from Vincent's, but when we're in the mood to go out for Italian food, Bell' Italia will be high on our list.

I just finished a delicious eggplant Parmesan sandwich and tossed salad from here.
And they're independently owned, on the way home from work, and take Discover.
Yes!
I can't wait to try their pizza.
Hopefully, it won't disappoint because this may become my weekly take-out place.

I recently had a friend bring my wife and me here.
At first the restaurant seemed a bit small, but not uncomfortable.
After eating here I thoroughly recommend trying this place.
The service was excellent and the food was outstanding!
I certainly wasn't expecting it to be that good, but I am sure glad I tried the place.

This place is so awesome that we have eaten here three times in the three days we've been here.
Even ordering the large pizza to take to the track.
The service is impeccable and made us feel so much at home even though we were visiting from out of state.
They accommodated our party of 8 and comped us garlic cheese rolls as a thank you for waiting for them to set up the tables.
Great family-owned joint and they even treated us like old friends, greeting us warmly and giving us their recipe for their delicious limoncello.

There is no reason to go to Olive Garden.
None at all.
This place outclasses, outshines, outserves, and, more important, outcooks any other Italian restaurant I've been to in the valley.
It is tiny for sure, but tiny in an intimate, cozy way that almost makes you feel like you're a guest in the owners' home.
The atmosphere is great for family dining.
The food is out of this world, seriously.
We tried the fettucine and the ravioli, and we cleaned our plates despite protests from internal organs.
Even the salads are money.
I can't wait to go back and explore the menu!

Excellent place; friendly, family run and great fast service.
It's a quaint little restaurant that makes it feel very comfy and homey.
I have only had the pizza twice, and it is very delicious!
Fresh, thin crust, and not overly greasy.
Price is very competitive.

6/16/10  2.5 stars.
Mom and I came here for an early dinner.
Service was slow, even though it seemed we arrived before the rush.
No worries, though- the staff members seem like nice people and eager to please.
Tried the red sangria, and found it OK.
I'll stick to a nice red or white next time.
The salad was just OK, too-- too heavy on the grated string cheese for my taste, and the table bread wasn't warm and crusty, but our server was happy to get more toasted just for us.
I found the lasagna to be tasty and its texture delightful, though I did find the entree size a bit too small for the price ($13.95, with a salad).
I had to hold myself back so that Mom could have some, too.
After all, she did choose the entree :)  Not-so-minor complaint: some of the pasta weren't cooked through-- a few pieces were still powdery-white and hard.
Mom didn't care for the dish at all.
We both liked the pizza-- white w/ spinach.
The crust was a little too doughy for me, but good enough at the moment.
Wouldn't mind coming back for another try at the menu...  Music accompaniment: Dionne Warwick: The Definitive Collection.

Definitely one of the finest restaurants in Phoenix, and I'm picky!
The food is incredible, the service is delightful, and the prices are reasonable.
I have been blown away every time I've come here.
Woohoo!
As good as it gets!

This place blows.
The service is slow and grumpy.
The pizza is thin and chewy and WAY OVERPRICED.
The rest of the menu is small portions and, again, WAY OVERPRICED.
Nothing special tasting about anything served here either.
Most of it tastes like Stouffers Frozen Food.
My Italian Gramma wouldve hit these guys in the head with a meatball.
If any real Italian restaurants opened in the area, this place would sink like a brick.
Just like the brick they put in my stomach.

I'm shocked that this place doesn't have more 5 star reviews!
They really go so above and beyond!
The food is exceptional with tons of delicious choices on the menu, and the service is so warm and friendly.
A very nice Italian family that knows what they're doing:)  Also, this place is in no way overpriced!
I always feel like they are losing money off of me!

This place is quite possibly my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.
My favorites are the Chicken Scarpariello, the pizza and the Sangria.
My wife can't decide between four dishes.
Our daughter loves the Penne ala Vodka, Lasagna, or Ravioli.
Mario and his sons work hard to please and we've never had a bad meal here.
I've seen them bend over backwards to try and take care of obvious jerks.
Plus to top it off, when local school invited local pizza places to present to a class on making pizza and recycling issues, Mario came and talked to the kids as if they were adults.
All the other places treated it as a marketing event and brought coupons.
Get the idea?
It's all good at this neighborhood gem!

Traveling from the mid-west looking for Great food.
I found it here at Belle'.
BY FAR the best calzone I've ever had, really.
Beware they are larger than normal so you either need to be very hungry or have help to eat it.
I'll search this little place out every time I  will return to PHX.
I had a large order and they kept offering me comp drinks while I waited.
This is why I like to find those hole-in-the-wall places.
A true find.
Awesome.

absolutely hands down my favorite Italian restaurant.
Hidden little gem in a strip mall.
The dad cooks and the sons are the wait staff.
VERY friendly staff, the people who eat here are always friendly and the food is incredible - and the Sangria is the best I have ever had!

The other day I was looking for a place to have a quick lunch.
I just started working in this area and Italian sounded good for a way to finish off the week.
I stopped in here and was quite impressed.
The restaurant has a homey atmosphere and the tables were mostly filled.
I sat down and the waiter told me the specials - pizza slices for $2.00 (add $0.50 per topping) and small salads for $2.00.
I forgot the other details, but it did not matter at the time.
I got two slices of anchovy pizza and a Caesar salad.
The pizza was done perfectly and was not drowning in anchovies.
The pizza is done in the true Roman variety - well balanced with regular crust, lots of cheese and zesty sauce.
The salad was simply done to perfection.
The two waiters (yes two) that waited on me were polite, attentive and had a sense of humour.
The bill came out to about $10.00.
Guess where I will be next week........?

Best pizza in Ahwatukee!
Family owned.
Great service.

I have heard several people talk about the good food here and the great prices.
It wasn't bad food or prices.
It is in a location with easy parking just off of the freeway.
The staff was very helpful and knowledgeable.
It is clean and humble.

This restaurant is first class from start to finish.
Locally owned by a family, they remember your name and want to do whatever it takes to please.
DO NOT pass on the sangria..it's amazing!
Their pizza has a fantastic crust and ingredients are fresh and plentiful.
The chicken dish with mushrooms, capers and the light butter sauce was to die for.
I have had many pasta dishes and have never been let down.
Their cannoli's are the only area that needs improvement.
Ask for some of their homemade expresso cello and lemon cello...fantastic!

Amazing place!!
Highly recommended.
Food was fantastic and service was even better .
Very  accommodating and pricing was reasonable.
Especially,  on half night pasta night :) support this family run business.
They deserve it!!

Let me first say that I hate to give bad reviews to nice people.
However in this case I must, if I am to tell the truth.
About a month ago my fiancé and I stopped by Bell Italia simply because we love good pizza and this place had a great review on Yelp.
Let me tell you a little about myself, I am over a half century old and I'm a New York transplant (1993), I have tried some of the best pizza and Italian food in the United States and there have been times in my life were all I ate for weeks was pizza and Italian food.
So I have eaten a lot of Pizza.
Yes I am Fat, but I'm working on losing it.
We were really looking forward to finding another place that we could go to and get some good pizza.
Sorry Bell Italia you didn't step up to the plate in several ways.
We each ordered a salad, now I understand that salads are in some cases are made beforehand and placed in the refrigerator.
This is apparently what they do here at Bell Italia.
The unfortunate part is that some of the lettuce in my salad was brown and wilted.
Too much time between making the salad and service.
I hate when I pay for something that is wilted.
Now on the extreme cool and good tip, these folks cater to you like no others.
They are friendly and very attentive and I would give them 5 stars in this category alone.
Now back to the bread and the pizza.
While eating my slightly wilted salad I also tried some of the Italian bread that they give us.
I noticed that there was something a little funky (not quite right) about the flavor of the bread.
First, I like crusty Italian bread, this bread was soft.
But again it was mostly the flavor that disappointed; I just can't put my finger on it.
In any case they must make the dough in house and use the same dough for the pizza, because the pizza had the same off flavor.
It was a big pizza (24in) so we took home what was left and I tried it the next day, same funky flavor.
Let me say this bothered me so much and I liked the reception these folks gave us so much that I literally went on the internet to find out how to make Italian bread.
Furthermore, I visited several other pizza places in town and tasted their pizza again to compare the difference and there is something definitely off with the dough at Bell Italia.
I truly hope that the people at Bell Italia take the time to see what they can do to improve on the dough.
They are great people and I want them to continue to succeed in the face of additional competition.
In conclusion, I WILL give them another chance however next time I will try their entrees, but please make sure my salad is not brown or wilted and my Italian bread tastes great and is crusty.
I wouldn't suggest Bell Italia to anyone at this point.
I will take the bullet for you.
Look for my future review on the bread and entrees.
I hope it's a good one.

One of my favorite traditional (more NY style) Italian food here in AZ.
A total joint just like a mom and pop pizza place in NY.
My son's absolutely favorite place.
Service always very good.

Great little Italian restaurant for pizza and pasta dishes.
the service is awesome with friendly family taking care of you.
Highly recommended.

not many places I would say I love to visit, this is one of them.
Small, family owned, great pizza- my favorite.
I can take my wife on a date before a show or the whole family for some slices before shopping or hanging out.
Stick with the pizza, some of the other entrees are ok, but the pizza is the best.

Another fantastic meal from this little 30 person bistro.
Great authentic ny pizza and pastas.
Nothing fancy, but all high quality!
The service is always stellar, too

Very good prices, decent pizza and Italian.
Would try again.

Drink the sangria!
I absolutely love this little hole-in-the-wall place.
Mario cooks and his sons are the waiters.
Amazingly friendly family-like atmosphere!
The food is delicious and fresh.
We even had them cater our after-wedding party.
Can't recommend it enough!
Gets VERY crowded so be prepared to wait.

Small family owned place.
Lovely atmosphere.
Great food.
Pizza and fresh sangria are worth the visit!
I have had the calzones too, which are a generous size and delicious.
Our family visits regularly.

Amazing!!
Family owned!

This is a great mom n pop ran Italian restaurant, our server, can't remember his name (which is sad), was excellent!
He knew the menu in and out and even suggested substituting certain meats to try "something different.
" My husband and I had the lasagna and it was delicious, and huge portions!
The price was excellent too!
The restaurant is small itself, but its kept clean and organized.
We will be back again!

great place to eat.
it is a family owned business with great food and great service.
prices are good too.

This is one of our favorite local restaurants.
Pizza is great but don't miss the pasta dishes and lasagne.
Love the Linguine with clams in the White Wine Sauce.
My kids also love the big baked cookie dessert.
Service is super friendly and I love to support this family owned business.

Excellent, friendly, "neighborhood" restaurant.
One of my favorites for delicious Italian food.
Five stars, for sure, within its format/category.

Just  ordered a margherita pizza, large salad and large cannoli.
My husband and I could not finish anything.
The service was not that friendly.
The pizza was terrible, had tons of sauce and the cheese was not  melted entirely.
The salad came in two different containers, super small but paid for a large.
The cannoli had tons of the filling so it was way too sweet, might as well just call it something else as it was just covered and swimming in a white NON RICOTTA sweet  cream.
We really wanted to find a nice pizza place close to home but for now we are going to stick to Spinattos.
It's sad that we haven't found a great pizza in Ahwatukee yet.
We are never coming back to this location, nothing really was worth the money.
I'm very sorry for the bad review but I wish I had not spend my money there tonight as I'm writing this review still hungry and with a bad taste in my mouth.
:( I really wonder if the other reviews are real....

This gem has been at this location in Ahwatukee for 11 years (next to Va  Bene).
I can't believe I only just now found it!
Being Italian, I'm pretty picky about my Italian food and this place is so good and is reasonably priced!
At the outset though, I had my doubts because their bread is a really poor excuse for Italian bread.
It's soft and not anything like the crusty Italian bread I'm used to.
Normally this does not bode well for the quality of the food.
However...  Lasagna and eggplant parm were very good (don't think I'll ever find any as good as mama's or my own).
Salad with house Italian dressing was quite good (no wilted lettuce as another reviewer experienced).
Trio pizza (ricotta, tomato, basil) and clam pizza were excellent!
Never had clam pizza before.
It was garlicky and wonderful.
They also made me a red clam sauce version.
It was good too, but not as garlicky as the white.
Also had pasta with broccoli and sausage...
Excellent.
Only thing is that the clam pizza and pasta were a bit oily for my liking.
Next time I'll ask them to cut back on the oil.
They make their own Sangria and oh my!
Love it!!
Nice and fruity, not too sweet and not too dry.
Finally, I had the cannoli--hands down the best cannoli I've had in a LONG time.
The other thing I love about this place is that it's family-owned and you can tell they love what they do.
All were so warm and friendly.
I went for my birthday dinner with my husband and they really made it special.
But get this... they didn't even know it was my birthday!
I had finished my sangria and thinking about how I'd love another when the waiter came over and asked if I wanted what was left in the carafe, which turned out to be a full glass.
Then when he brought the check he served us a cannoli on the house!
When I thanked my hubby for telling them it was my bday, he said he hadn't!
Definitely returning often...
Especially for the special pricing on their pasta dishes on Mondays and Tuesdays!

Wanted to try because of all the great reviews but sadly a little disappointed.
Service was really great but unfortunately the food was mediocre.

Really good italian food!!
You won't be wowed by the ambiance but who cares!
I ate every last bite.
Simple menu, great service and big portions!
Side salad had good green lettuce and my gnocchi with vodka sauce was flavorful and delicious!
Fair prices too.
I would definitely go back!

This is one of those restaurants that make you feel like family as soon as you come in.
Family that serves the best Sangria I've ever tasted (and I've had many glasses to sample) and delicious desserts.
The clam pizza is unique and fantastic.

I brought my boyfriend here as a date for his birthday.
We were very surprised at how small it was!
The decor was cute and the tables were pretty close together but we liked the homey and family feel of the restaurant.
We did have a reservation and I would recommend getting one if you plan on eating there in a high volume time.
As it was we still had to wait a few minutes but our waiter was very attentive and helpful.
We started with just the bread.
It honestly wasn't anything special but it was good and we really enjoyed the seasoning and balsamic that came with it.
We couldn't decide whether we wanted pasta or pizza so we settled on sharing both pasta and pizza.
The waiter suggested that we try to the bolognese pasta and that came out first.
The sauce was so tasty and the pasta with the cheese inside was cooked so perfectly.
It was really awesome.
When the pizza came out we were a little weary because it didn't look like anything special but we were so wrong!
It was sooooo good.
We got whole pepperoni and half sausage and half black olives.
The pizza was hands down the best thing we have had in this city.
We recommend it to anyone who enjoys pizza.
My boyfriend was especially happy because his family is Italian so he is very picky about what Italian food he likes and he LOVED this food.
The prices were well worth the food and not too expensive.
GREAT for a date night!
We live in Scottsdale but we will definitely be making the trip to Chandler to eat here every once in a while....with a reservation of course :).

This restaurant is the entire package.
Great food and even better service.

We love this place!
Could not ask for better service!
They are all so friendly and we love going in there.
Must try:  Hot Wings- amazing!
Homemade Sangria Stuffed Shells  Butternut Squash Ravioli Pizza- you can get a single slice any way you want!!
Great atmosphere for families!
We recommend it all the time!

Good pizza and OK pasta but the small family style Italian restaurant is unpretentiously charming.
The pizza dough craft they let the kids do is very creative and fun.
It was very nice of them to bake the dough that the kids made so they can eat the creation.
The servers were also sincere.
It's a memorable dining experience.

Eating at Bell' Italia has always been a wonderful experience!!
Food, service, ambiance is great; owners and staff make you feel like part of the family.
It says a lot for a food establishment when they can greet you as your walking in by your first name!!
Love it when they have their holiday 'specials' (Mother's Day, Valentine's Day, etc.
) with live music playing all sorts of music to please both Italians and non-Italians.
Saluti!

It's been two years since my last review of Mario's neighborhood gem.
We love the food and the service...and feel like family here.
Yes, we're regulars--every member of our family has 2-3 "go to" menu items here.
My wife has three food intolerances which can make ordering tricky.
Mario and his entire staff handle her needs with grace and aplomb.
This place is a gem.
I can't say enough!

I love this place.
It's exactly what you want from a true neighborhood family-owned restaurant.
The pizza is some of the best around, and the pasta is extremely reasonable in price.

The mark of a good italian place is its ability to serve the simpler items on the menu with panache and delicacy.
Bell' Italia does that well.
Service was attentive but not intrusive or pushy.
We ordered the Ravioli and Spaghetti , and enjoyed them!

I gotta say I am floored at the number of positive reviews.
Went there for dinner on a recommendation and were really let down.
The spaghetti and meatballs were less than average, the sauce was watery and lacked flavor.
The meatballs tasted as if they were frozen.
The sausage in my opinion was very good, we were informed that its ground fresh daily  that was a hit.
The pizza crust lacked flavor but was crunchy.
The service and the sausage were the real winners tonight

I enjoy pasta night (Monday and, I believe, Tuesdays) when they have half-priced pasta dishes.
I've had the pizza and I'm not a huge fan of it but it isn't bad.
It is a very small restaurant so don't be surprised if you need to wait for a table.
On my last visit I learned you can bring your own wine for a ridiculously low corkage fee so take advantage of that if you go!

Good food, good people, good prices.
Seemed like a popular neighborhood restaurant, lots of regulars greeted with a smile or by name.
Food was a little salty for my taste, but it was still decent quality and large portions.
Plenty of options and no trouble with customizing.
The staff were terrific.
They clearly knew what they were doing, and always went a step above - bringing dough for the kids the roll out, refilling your glass before it's empty, chatting up customers.
The decor features old family photos of the owner's Italian heritage.Great touch.

BAD!!!
I have had great Italian fare from NY to New Jersey.
Also being Italian growing up with homemade Italian food from sauce, to pizza to canolis.
From a Italian who knows the food this place is no good, it's not homemade it tastes worse than Olive Garden, and I hate OG and their fake Italian crap..
The noodles are obliviously not homemade.
the sauce bland.you throw down nearly 30 bucks for crappy commercialized Italian?
I think the only thing I enjoyed half way was the salad, but who can mess up a salad?
I seen plenty of the older crowd here, I think this is the only thing that keeps this place going.
Bell' Italia - You get two thumbs down from me - I'm not coming back

I have eaten at Bell' Italia several times and have never had a bad experience.
The food is excellent and the staff is very nice.
There butternut squash with the vodka sauce is delicious.
I have also had pizza & chicken parmesan.
Oh yes, I have become a limoncello connoisseur, and there's is very smooth and tasty, I would have had two, but I was driving.

I quite enjoy the atmosphere of this mom and pop shop.
The waiters are friendly and serve attentively and the music is pleasant to listen to.
Pasta nights are nice because you can get most of the pastas for under $10.
You can add a salad for $2 more and it is worth it.
I love the dressing it comes with.
It is a tart flavor with olive oil over it and a bit of cheese.
The initial meal starts with their bread which is usually warm and fresh out of the oven.
It comes with a vinegarette that is just divine.
The broccoli and pasta dish was quite light and did not make me feel bloated like most Italian places.
I liked the veal combo as well where it came with a side of pasta and your choice of sauce.
I think the veal was well done and thinly sliced to retain the perfect texture.
The pasta on the side was a bit overcooked but not to the point of mushiness so it was negligible.
I had a cannoli and it was pretty good.
The sweetness was not too overwhelming and there was a balance of crisp to cream and chocolate sauce.
The meal here seemed very light and balanced and the place is cozy.

Great family run Italian food!
Chicken Francese was tender and tangy.
Butternut Squash Ravioli was fabulous.
The cannoli is to die for.
Service was great, prices are reasonable.

Great food.
I have never been disappointed.

