I admit, I'm a Carl's Jr fan.
They have such tasty burgers!!
Anyways, I used to frequent this location more often when I lived down here.
Open early, stay open late, with a very clean lobby area.
Can't complain!

Great location; friendly staff.
Nothing above and beyond to report.

Great customer service with friendly employees.
Sometimes things can get backed-up, but remember this seems to be a training location for new local CJs.
They are very flexible with allowing customers ask for food "their way".

If I could give no stars I would.
This is the 2nd time I've been to this carls jr and the employee either had a smart mouth or just rushed me out.
Which is ironic both times I've been to this location there was nobody else in the restaurant.
Will never return to a carls jr because of this.
I asked if they were still serving breakfast and I get a yea in a tone that made me feel like I was stupid for asking.
The 1st time I went for just a milkshake.
I asked for no whipped cream.
Received my milkshake with whipped cream when I asked for it to be removed the man just scraped it off and poured half of my milkshake out just to remove the whipped cream and handed it back to me.
I watched him do it and I immediately asked for my money back.
Worst experience ever!!!

This was the best Carl's Jr I have been to in a while.
The wait was a little long, but I'm ok with that if I get fresh food ( and it was).
The chicken sandwich was cooked well but not dry at all, and the sauce was really good.
It's not quite Chick-fil-a, but still a solid sandwich.

I have only been to this location a couple times, but every time I have my food has been cold and hard.
I do love carls jr and have never had an issue with this other than at this location.
Though my fries came out hot, my chicken sandwich would have shattered if I threw it at the wall.
Lol for $8 I would hope it would be a little more fresh!
Come on carls jr!!
You can do better than that!

Will never go here again!
Over cooked meat, sooo soggy bun (not exaggerating in the slightest) and the lady and the window....not very friendly.
Shorted me on fries and no ketchup even after asking for some.
They did give me a napkin, yes, one napkin.
Very disappointed :(

