Four months ago I brought my car to Fletcher's to have the brakes and rotors repaired.
At that time they told me I needed the calipers replaced as well.
Unfortunately, I was looking at an $800+ repair bill and really couldn't afford to have the calipers done.
They did what they needed to do in the hopes I'd just waited too long to have my brakes replaced and sent me on my way.
I should mention that the shop manager let me use his personal vehicle while my car was being worked on!
Now, here it is April and my brakes have started making a really ugly noise again.
Time to get those calipers done and thankfully, I can afford it now!
So, I bring the Honda back in for the much needed attention.
I was quoted $215 for both calipers total plus $100 in labor.
Rotors are fine this time around!
I also needed an oil change.
I made a joke about throwing it in for free and much to my amazement the manager said, "You know, I can do that for you.
Absolutely.
"  That service is precisely why I bring my vehicles to Fletcher's and send my friends to them as well.
In this day and age of service providers ripping their customers off to make a buck and giving crummy service, it's incredibly nice to know I have a phenomenal place to take my car when she's sick...where we'll BOTH get good service!
Thanks, Fletcher's!

I gave them two stars instead of one because I have had past good experiences.
THEY USUALLY ARE NO EXPENSIVE, HOWEVER THE SERVICE IS USUALLY RUDE AND UPSOLD.
I came in to get my oil change I have taken vehicles there many times and Ikm not stupid I know what oil goes in my car.
The tech at the desk was new, I have never seen him before, and how he was talking to me made me feel like he thought I was stupid.
I'm a girl who is a grease monkey, but in 110 degrees I'm not doing an oil chnge its too darn hot.
He kept trying to upsell me on packages I did not need.
He even went as far to tell me that 5W30 is not a conventional oil that it is only available in a synthetic blend or full synthetic.
Now come on, seriously.
I told him I felt he was trying to take advantage of me and walked out.
I went to advanced auto on warner and 48th street.
I have gone here before and they are amazing, Why in the world did I not go there first.
So if you don't want to wait forever, not have rude upsell service and not have the tech talk down to you, go to advanced auto.
These guys are great, no wonder they consistently win the BBB ethics torch award .

I brought my vehicle to Fletcher's to have them check the Check Engine light.
The supposedly checked the computer and received a code and it turned out my catalytic converter needed to be replaced.
2 days later, I got my vehicle back (other repairs were made as well with no problems).
As I drove away from Fletcher's, my 2005 Xterra sounded like a 1970 VW BUG!
LOUD!
I brought it back and they looked at it once again and realized they forgot to put a piece back onto to the catalytic converter.
Problem solved.
One week later, Check Engine light comes on.
Brought my vehicle back to have check engine light looked at once again.
They explained to me that one of the O2 sensors needs replacing, and did not ever say that replacing all 4 would be best.
I was told after the repair was made for nearly $500 that the check engine light "might" come back on as the other sensors may need replacing as well.
How much, I asked...$1100.
Got truck back, 1 day later...check engine light on.
A friend and I decided to change the other 3 O2 sensors ourselves and the parts cost around $400 (parts, Chilton's book, and special socket rental).
I called Fletcher's just to make sure which of the O2 sensors they changed so we don't change a new one and when I told them I was doing it myself, they said, "OH!
Don't do that yourself!
" They explained that doing this will mess with the computer and I'll get a code saying that I need a new catalytic convert....yeah, you guys already did that.
He still insisted that I bring the vehicle back in for them to do to the tune of $1100.
My buddy and I changed the O2 sensors ourselves in 2 hours, to the tune of $400.
Saved $800.
Check engine light has yet to come back on and I passed emissions.
I learned an expensive lesson.
I will not be going back to Fletcher's again.
I give 2 stars because the other work they did to my car was without issues.

