I bought livingsocial.com coupon for Keratin treatment.... Frank is the owner and is the one that did the work - he stayed until 11pm on a Thursday night to accommodate the busy requests!
He was incredibly personable and professional.
I'll make the drive all the way from Scottsdale again just to go here.

So soft and shiny!
I bought a living social deal for the Coppola Keratin Complex treatment.
The salon is clean and comfortable & Frank is the best part of your experience.
"a morning person" frank was able to get started on my hair at 7:45 am!!
I have had this treatment done more than a dozen times for the last 3 years and I'm impressed with the attention to detail Frank gave each stand of hair.
I only wish I would have bought more of the living social deals as the normal price of $340 might be a bit too much for me to keep going back.
If they do offer this deal again I will be sure to get it!

Crimpers Salon is definitely the best salon in the valley!!!
I have been going to various salons over the years trying to find one I LOVE, then I received a coupon in the mail for Crimpers and decided to try it out.
When I left Crimpers, this was the first time I had ever walked out of a salon not completely hating my hair!
My experience at Crimpers was so nice, the Salon is very clean and the staff is incredibly friendly.
I would request Frank-- he was very nice and did a fabulous job with my hair.
(the owner of the salon)   I am planning to go back to the salon again this week to get my hair done again.
I highly, highly recommend Crimpers!

Horrible Horrible customer service.
I also bought the living social.
I called and made an appointment, however, when I showed up at my appointment they told me they had no record of an appointment under my name/phone number.
They did not offer to reschedule or even apologize.
Very very disappointed in this salon and I will never ever return.

I have been going to Crimpers for years and have always left completely satisfied!
The owner Frank is so funny and great and Gavin, my stylist, does a wonderful job and a perfect execution every time.
I LOVE Crimpers!

I had a crazy experience at Crimpers this past Saturday.
I had a Groupon and scheduled my appointment just fine.
I showed up Saturday morning and they were expecting me .
less than a five minute wait.
Gavin was my stylist and after reading some reviews that had already been posted here, I breathed a sigh of relief.
We talked a little bit about my color and cut and I showed him a photograph of a style I and worn a few years ago and really liked.
Gavin mixed and applied my color and then left me sitting there without so much as a word for almost an hour and a half!!
He worked on several others only 10 feet from me, but during that time never asked if I was okay, or if I wanted something to drink or to read.
I got up on my own and found the restroom and then sat back down in my chair.
It finally came time to rinse and get ready for my haircut.
Gavin looked at the picture again and then started cutting.
I was not facing the mirror for the first part of the cut, but when he turned the chair around to start working on the back, I was shocked at how short he had cut it.
In the picture my bangs were 4" long, but now there didn't seem to be one strand of hair on my head that he had left longer than about an inch, including my bangs.
Then I had to watch as he cut the rest of it.
Then he kind of walked away and started working on a different customer and someone else came up and asked how I was doing, then put some mouse in my hair and then walked away.
Then another stylist came up and asked what I wanted her to do with my hair.
With the exception of one stylist, it seemed like they all kind of worked on everyone.
Honestly, I cannot even wrap it around a curing iron.
I went home and cried.
I have to admit that Gavin did a really nice job on the color, but other than that, nothing about this place would make me ever want to return.
He was working on someone else when I was "done".
He did not check back with me or even see his finished work or the shocked look on my face.
I actually thought maybe I was on a pranked show.

I visited the salon because I purchased a Living Social for a Brazilian Blowout.
While I'm pleased with the way my hair looks, I was not very impressed with the customer service.
Gavin, my stylist, was late.
Throughout the process he kept speaking to a coworker about who would be running an errand after my appointment.
He bolted out the door immediately after finishing with me, and gave me no advice on how to care for my Brazilian Blowout.
No product recommendations, style or care tips to make it last, or help of any kind (even though he knew it was my first time getting this done).
He seemed in such a hurry to leave it made me feel that I was an inconvenience and he just needed to get me done.
That being said, my hair does look nice.
I would consider revisiting the salon if there was another Living Social or Groupon deal.
I would not pay full price for this salon.

Run!
Don't use that Groupon!
This place is creepy and dirty.
The stylist are either 80 years old or have neck tattoos.
The hair dye is like water and the blow outs are horrible.
Everyone looks miserable and the facility looks like no one cares about its appearance.
Empty waters bottles, crap on the walls, dirty fake flowers, dusty shelves, ugly work stations.
I can't figure out how they make their rent every month cause I can't imagine anyone goes to this place more than once.

So before I start I read all the reviews about this salon since they had a coupon on living social I was very Skeptic about it and thought well everyone has their on opionions on how they rate customer service I will give it a try.
All I can say was I should of Runned when I Had the chance.
Frank was my stylist which he look about 70 Years Old barely could move and hardly could hear him talk.
I wanted to do an all over color and go lighter he told me I couldn't go lighter only darker which made no since never had an issue at any other salons going lighter .
So I decided to do the partial Highlights never ask me what color I wanted already felt something not right the way he was doing the process .
washed my hair wanted to charge me an extra $40.00 for an hair cut which I denied brushed  my hair and ask me if I wanted to blow dry my hair then complained I had a lot of hair which will take awhile to dry then stuck me under the blow dryer.
By that time I just wanted to get out of there told him I'm  just going to leave tried to charge me more than what the special was on the living social sight then he crosses out the tip line and said no need to leave me a tip .
Wow cause he knows he did a bad job .. went across the street to get it cut the hair dresser couldn't believe I just had highlights put in .
You could barely see the color then he didn't go to the root of my hair left 2-3 inch off from my root which looks all grown out.
Never again Please do not go to this place bad salon.

The owner is super sweet, the price is amazing, hair turned out great!
Did partial highlights from living social and will definitely go back.
I read the reviews before going and was a little nervous about it.
Isn't the fanciest salon in Arizona but service and hair was great and I recommend it!

I bought a living social deal before I Yelped them.
They have horrible reviews.
I decided to give it a shot and made an appointment.
I showed up and no one was at the front desk.
I waited over 5 minutes and no one came to greet me.
There was 1 person getting their hair washed.
I had a very bad gut feeling and left.
All I paid was $20 so I don't feel to bad about not using the coupon.

I purchased a groupon for a cut and color.
I brought my iPad with several hair styles I had that I have loved in the past.
I made it very easy for a good stylist however  the cut was uneven and the color was really very, very dark it was very bad!!
I not only paid for the groupon and had to pay an additional 30.00 for what he called highlights!
I ended up going to Supercuts and they were able to straighten out the cut and redid the highlights!
It looks great now.
I am very upset that I wasted money on  Crimpers!!
Bad place and the owner Frank was the guy who did my hair.
Don't waste your money!!
I will be calling for a refund!

Frank does an amazing job!
I'm so glad that I discovered this place.
I bought the groupon and have been back 4 times now!
The place isn't super fancy bit it's super affordable and I love the way Frank does my hair!
I definitely found my new stylist; and my mom and sister are going there now too

On the positive side, from my visit there, this is a neighborhood shop, good for shorter cuts for women and mens cuts.
Repeat customers come here for fixes from other shops and for years of experience.
I don't think they mind waiting.
It's true you may have to wait a while to be greeted as there is no formal receptionist.
It's true the place could use a good dusting and cleaning.
It's true my color was not the greatest in the world.
It's true my blow out was not the best in the world..
But these were also not the worst in the world.
Make sure you know exactly what you want before getting there.
Be prepared to wait a bit and don't expect an immediate greeting to check-in.
I recommend you ask for appointment times that are less busy.

I purchased a Groupon over a year ago for a Brazilian Blowout and have been back 3 times.
Frank is terrific and my hair has never looked better!
I have to drive over an hour, but the price and great job make it worth it!

Went here for the first time & will certainly be the last.
Arrived at my appointment on time.
Had to wait 15 minutes before beginning my partial highlights & cut.
Frank was the person doing my hair.
We went over what I wanted & he began.
He used bleach for my highlights which is fine however - it was over processed.
He brought over this janky hair dryer to heat my foils.
I had to lean back while sitting upright with a cricked neck for 10 minutes.
He never once asked if I was comfortable which I'm sure by looking at me it would've been pretty obvious.
Oh then the cut began.
Just needed a trim & I got barely that.
Oh now the blow out - used his hands to straighten my naturally curly hair.
Yea I left there looking like a 5 year old did my hair.
Frank had no customer service skills what so ever & I was truly disappointed.
I've gotten better service at Fry's!
The woman next to me was getting her hair blown out & it looked good.
I got the schlep style I guess - maybe because I had a groupon?
Frank should stop doing hair, his skills are dated & I will never visit this place again.
Caution people.

RUN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dont buy the groupon and certainly dont cash it in .
I went there is it was the worst experience I had ever at a salon.
i should have been clued in on how filthy the salon was.
The smock had hair on it like it hadnt been washed and the hairstylist (Gavin) I did not see his cosmetology certificate.
He ended up frying my highlights and he did a horrible job at cutting my hair.
This salon needs to be shut down by the sanitation department!

