I go to this subway AT LEAST once a week due to it being the easiest and closest place to grab food being that i work across the street.
Today i went in and got my usual.
I noticed that there was a new girl working, someone that i have never seen working and since i frequent this place so much i figure she is new.
The red head manager named Angel puts hardly any veggies on the subs, i asked for olives and got 4 measly olives on my sub.
This happens each time I go in, i ask for extra and they hardly put any more.
They are extremely stingy with the veggies,    However, that is not why I am writing this review today.
I am writing today at my disgust for what I witnessed today.
The above mentioned manager was putting the veggies on my sub and not paying attention to what I was saying at all.
I told her i wanted pepper and oregano on my sub but she was too busy paying attention to the new girl the listen to me, she then folded my sub up and sent it to the register (before i was done telling her what i wanted on it) and yelled at the new girl!
IN FRONT OF CUSTOMERS, it was around 1pm and the place was pretty packed and she yelled at her in front of every customer in the place.
The poor girl was just going to the back to get a refill of one of the meats that they dont keep in the front and the manager Angel yelled at her for doing so.
I was in awe.
Not only did she ignoring me while trying to take my order, left out some of the ingredients that i wanted, she yelled at this poor girl in front of an entire store full of people.
I left this place shocked and disgusted at how this woman treats her employees.
If i were that girl i would have quit on the spot.
She is also not the friendliest towards customers either, but the way she treats her poor employees is enough to make me never go back.
I guess I will have to find a new place to go on my lunch breaks.

This is the closest Subway to home, and is conveniently located in an easily accessible strip mall.
The store is always very clean and organized, and the people working are friendly and helpful.
My only issue with this location is that it is very slow sometimes and gets crowded if there is a rush.
Otherwise, it's a solid location

We went on at 830PM and they wouldn't prepare flatitzzas for us because they'd have to heat some up in the oven and one of the kids quote, "had already turned the oven off because we're closing at 9PM.
" On another occasion near the same time, one of the boys told incoming customers that, "we're out of a lot of things," as if to scare them off.
If you're open until 9PM, don't make customers feel like they're intruding between 8 and 9.

At the moment this one of worst subways that I regularly go to.
The service is terrible here.
The kids behind the counter are usually rude and dismissive.
There is one tall kid that is good and one girl that is also good.
Other than that, they rush you through sandwhich making process asking "is that it?
" with a snarl.
They actually complain about their hours and their management to the customers.
They clearly need guidance on good customer service.
It's too bad this subway is closest to my home.

