We order from this Domino's quite a bit.
Our ultimate lazy meal.
Not only can I find a coupon and place my order on Dominos.com, but the coolest part is the Order Tracker that pops up after I complete my order.
It let's me know the status of my order in real time so I am constantly aware of where it's at in the process.
From order placed, to prep, to bake, to quality check, and finally out for delivery.
In the age of wanting real-time information, the Tracker is genius!
I love the American Legends pizzas.
My favorites are the Pacific Veggie (roasted red peppers, spinach, onions, mushrooms, tomatoes and black olives with feta and provolone cheeses on a parmesan thin cracker crust) and the Firey Hawaiian (sliced ham, bacon, pineapple, roasted red peppers, jalapeños, hot sauce, and provolone cheese on a parmesan crust) on thin or Brooklyn style.
The only drawback to ordering pizza is that the dog won't leave us alone when we have it, she wants some too and will stare us down.
Funny thing, she only does this with pizza.
I guess it's true that dogs often pick up the personalities of the owners and my Bailey loves pizza just like me!
Gotta wrap this up now .
my pizza is "out for delivery.
"  Whether it is a scorching weekday evening (today: 115+) when it is way too hot to even think about going outside or a late night craving on the weekends when it is just not safe for either of us to be driving, we pick up the computer and order a quick, easy, delicious meal.
Maybe even some Chocolate Lava Crunch Cakes if we want to splurge on dessert.

Well they keep bragging about how good their stuff is but it still tastes like sh*t. It is still worse than Pizza Hut and Papa Johns which is pretty bad because they are both crap too.
It tastes like the same old crappy Dominos with extra salt and 10 cents worth of herbs added on and some garlic goop smeared on the crust.
I'm not sure if it's any better, it's just different.
That's about what I expected, but I'm still pissed.
Also on my box it said "the road to enlightenment is paved with sliced italian sausage" and my inner Kwai Chang felt repulsed.
"For all life is precious nor can any be replaced.
" A road of meat to enlightenment?!
F- them.
0 stars!

Love the Pineapple, Ham, and Jalapeno.
The new pizza is good.
I like the garlic flavor on the crust.
I don't do carbs and pizza very often, so it is a nice treat.
Ordering and paying online is awesome, and the online tracker is pretty cool.
It is not Nello's, but it is still pizza.
It tastes even better right from the fridge for breakfast.

We ordered three pizzas for pick-up after riding bike with friends.
The staff was friendly from phone to pick-up.
We ordered the old stand-bys, cheese, pepperoni & ham.
They were great, cooked perfectly and the parm crust was awesome!

This store lost a customer.
After the manager disrespected my role as customer I no longer will be ordering from this particular store.

Dominos has gotten really good in the last few years.
You're saying, "Five stars?
For Dominos?
C'mon.
"   No, you come on.
Their pizza's good, it's fast, it's affordable, and their customer service is spectacular.
Is it Spinato's or NYPD?
No, but Spinato's not open late, they're way more expensive, and they don't have an awesome online ordering system.
For economy pizza delivery, it's basically the Hut vs Dominos vs Papa John's.
Out of those three, my favorite is the big D.

well, first off they lied to us about their special and told us we could only get one topping per pizza when clearly advertised on the window was two topping.
While I'm sure this wasn't out of malice, just negligence, it was annoying.
My black olives prefer to be accompanied by mushrooms.
Secondly, their crust is the wonder bread equivalent of pizza dough.
Soft, airy and no chewiness at all.
I think we will stick with Little Caesars from now on when we want cheap pizzas.

This is my go-to place for dinner when I'm pressed for time or just don't really feel like cooking.
My family really likes their garlic sauce to dip their pizza in.
The downside is that each sauce is .75 cents each.
They deliver!
That saves me so much time, there is a two dollar charge for that.
Tip the driver because that doesn't go towards their tip!

