Friendly office.
Great fashions.
Dr. Smith is very professional and friendly.
I've been going here for 3 years and will continue to do so for the best customer service ever.

I had my eyes checked and bought a pair of eyeglasses here and feel like I have been ripped off.
The doctor did the exam then I was handed off to a sales rep who only wanted to see how much money he could charge me.
The doctor never even went over the results of his exam with me.
I would advise no one to go here!!
I did not find the staff very friendly either.

Dr. Pratt at Lifetime Eye Care is as good as it gets.
I've been to see him twice and I've also taken my 5 year old in since he was 3 (he wears glasses).
He is FANTASTIC with kids.
My son loves going to see Dr. Pratt and never had any fear about going to the "eye doctor".
The receptionist Abby is so friendly on the phone and in person.
The optician I worked with, Christina, was also very kind and helpful.
I love that you use an Ipad to fill our your forms when you get there instead of wasting so much paper.
All in all a great experience and we will continue to trust Dr. Pratt with our family eye care.

They only care about how much money they can get from you.
Went in for a checkup on Wednesday and eyes got irritated from being dilated.
Went back on Friday to get a prescription for some eye drops from Dr Pratt and had to pay another $54 out of pocket for office visit after they billed the insurance another $30.
Spent $400 out of pocket on glasses plus the copay on the checkup.
RIPOFF!!
I asked them to work with us on the second out of pocket and they said they could not.

My Name is Brad L I am using my wife Amy's profile to write this review My wife and I started going to see Dr Pratt when he was in Goodyear and now drive out to chandler from where we live in the west valley because he is one of the best eye doctors we have been to.
The staff was super friendly and helpful.
We had everything explained to us.
They used technology that i had never seen before in any eye doctors office.
that includes the bigger offices like Walmart.
My wife and I bought regular prescription glasses, prescription sun glasses and contacts for her.
No complaint on prices.
I traveled from my place of employment to there office at the end of the day.
The staff stayed there after the closing time so we would have to come back to get glasses.
It was an all around great experience.
In todays world of selfish people who lack on costumer service this office really stands out.
I recommend this office to anyone.

Let's be straight here.
It is EXPENSIVE to get glasses or contacts and even more so without insurance.
So going to see the eye doctor is kind of hard on the wallet.
Even with good insurance, there are just things that don't get covered.
But since I HAVE to go (I have really bad distance vision), I am going to go to Lifetime Eye Care.
I love this practice.
I never have an issue getting an appointment, the office is clean, high tech (hello, signing in and doing paperwork on an iPad!
) and well-organized, Dr. Pratt is thorough and professional and the staff is very friendly.
There are even toys and books and crayons laying around to help keep little ones occupied while I have my appointment.
My insurance was explained to me (b/c we all know it can be very confusing) and my appointment went smoothly and efficiently.
Thanks Lifetime, for making the process as painless as possible!

Very good visit with Dr. Pratt and staff.
They helped find glasses that worked well for me.
After I received them, they made sure that everything was satisfactory prior to leaving the office.
There is a nice selection of frames, but would like to see more frames available outside of China.

Dr. Pratt is always extremely nice and very easy to ask questions of.
The staff here is very friendly and always willing to help with suggestions, or tips.

Dr. Pratt and the staff are very helpful and friendly, and take great care of patients.

Great care, great service.
Appreciated DR Pratt being willing to answer questions thoroughly and take time to explain things.

Staff was very friendly as well helpful.
They took the time to make sure I was comfortable with my exams as well as with my  choices.

My puppy chewed my glass frames and the staff were able to fix them for me in minutes.
It was a welcome surprise.
I highly recommend.

