I can never really find clothing in places like Marshalls.
I just don't have the patience to search racks and racks of hideous clothes to find something I like.
As such, I'm usually hesitant to shop at places like this.
However, yesterday I needed to get out of the house and do something.
Anything.
So I decided to head up to Desert Ridge and do some bargain shopping.
After a stop at Old Navy I moved on to Marshall's.
First off, this store is more than just clothes, shoes, and purses.
They actually have a rather large section of the store devoted to home decorating.
Sure, it's not gorgeous antiques, or awesome retro designs.
I was pleasantly surprised by the amount of stuff they had.
They had some nice accent furniture pieces, a large selection of linens, and tons and tons of things to use to decorate.
All at very reasonable prices.
I ended up walking out with 4 new towels for under $35.
Try doing that at another store.
I do like how their shoe selection is set up.
Unlike Ross or TJ Maxx, they have the majority of shoes still in the boxes, like a regular shoe store.
And the brands were much better than Ross....lots of BCBG Girls, Nine West, Tahari, Anne Klein, and Guess.
Of course, the prices are pretty reasonable as well.
I didn't spend much time in the clothing or accessories sections because I just don't have the patience.
Maybe a few Ritalin and some determination one day will help me.
I highly recommend checking out this store if you'd like to do some decorating on a budget or just need to replace some ratty ass towels in your linen closet.

Marshall's is one of those places that appeal to the great bargain hunter in me.
If you have the time....because this is not the place to rush in and rush out of.
But if you have some time to rummage through racks of bargains...you will certainly find one here!
They have great bargains on kitchen items, cookware, high thread count sheets, towels, housewares and if you are really patient...clothing.
I spend a lot of time on kitchenware so this is heaven for a bargain price- you will sometimes find those same items from Sur La Table or Williams Sonoma here at less than half the price.
And if for example 500-600 thread count sheets sets for $29.99 is up your alley....then I will be seeing you there sometime!
=0) Happy Shopping!

I probably spend more time at this store than any others.
Hard to get out of there without spending money, there's always something new and a good buy.
Only bitch is the line tends to get long to check out often.
Worth the wait though.
And returns are a snap, they didn't ask any questions the few times I had to return something.

This Marshall's truly has everything....not mention great bargains and great prices.
This is one of the few I have seen that sell furniture....paintings... glass sculptures.....rugs....and brass pieces for indoors and outdoors.
They also have patio furniture which I imagine is a big seller out here in AZ.
This store is called "Mega" for good reason because the store is huge and spacious so you can move around easy and shop.
However I was very disappointed that they don't have a good selection of travel bags or laptop bags.....I have seen much better selection at other Marshall's that were not even as large as this one.
However continue to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!

Take a regular Marshalls.
Squeeze the clothes into just a third of the store.
Stretch the usual home section found in a regular Marshalls.
Add a lot more of that type of stuff.
If you like the home goods found at any Marshalls, but want a larger selection.
This is the store for you.
If you shop at Marshalls just for some cheap clothing.
This store doesn't offer you anything more.

We like to come in here to shop for clothes and luggage.
You can find some great deals in here.
The selection of luggage is pretty good too.
I've found some great carry on bags.
It can get really busy here, especially on weekends.
The best time to shop is mid-week in the middle of the day.
The employees here are usually friendly and the store is kept clean.
Return Factor - 60%

Deals, steals and a whole lot of thrills at this location.
This is not your typical Marshalls.
This is the real deal to for some major steals.
Marshalls-Mega is a huge store that offers clothing, accessories, shoes and home goods.
You can find items for your home ranging from rugs, bath room accessories, pictures, wall hangings, pillows, bed sets, kitchen aids, furniture and a little of this and that.
Plan on spending some time at this store because there are so many cool things to look at and of course buy.
The store is well stocked with perfect  layout so your not bumping into customers.
Items are new and clean.
Since the inventory is huge there are so many options to choose from based on your needs.
The hangers are sized accordingly to allow you to find your size easily.
They many different size ranges from petite to plus.
Men and children wear can be found here too.
I scored on career wear today.
A specific designer I love had items in the store and were over half the price I would have paid if I went to the designer directly.
The checkout lanes move fast.
Trust me the long lines at this store look intimidating but they move you through the line very quickly.
The little time you spend in line give you the opportunity to checkout the neatly displayed gismos and gadgets.
There are some cool items hanging near the checkout lines.
From gourmet snacks, technology items, to candles and other inexpensive must grabs.

Accidentally left $750 Ipad in cart, called store over 2 days to see if it was turned in & told no.
Left my # every time.
Filed police report, asked manager to review surveillance but he refused (I knew exact location & time - no brainer case).
Went in following day to 'kindly request' their help...discovered employees had my Ipad stashed in a drawer the entire time.
A Good Samartian turned it right after I left it, 28 hours prior!
Store never called me after 28 hours of agonizing, changing passwords, wasted police & my time.
Gave no explanation, perhaps someone there planned to take it(?).
God Bless the person who turned this in.
Good Karma 3-fold to you!

PROS: I'm really just happy with the high quality jeggings I got at this huge store, and the cheapness of the clearance items.
It's attached to a home goods, hence the name, making the store bigger and it has more items to shop from.
clothes sections are bigger.
CONS: This location was just a bit messy, it was in a huge marketplace center where a lot of people shop (I'm just visiting).
Shelves were unorganized, but the deals we received were amazing.
There were medium-to-long lines.
I didn't think I would have to review this--but the bathroom is not one you want to visit hahaha.
OVERALL: Deals make me happy, I shop a lot.
This is a pretty average Marshall's-Mega.
It's definitely a place to check out for those clearance items!

I've been a fan of Marshalls stores since forever and this is one of my favorite locations.
It has lots of good quality clothing and home goods at low prices.
The store is very spacious, brightly lit and well-organized, and I'm always satisfied with my purchases here, from clothing items to home decor and tasteful presents for friends.
As with other Marshalls stores, there are always new finds with every visit.
The store is now called Marshalls Home Goods, and I'm still waiting for yelp to change the title name for this review page.

This is the best Marshall's I've visited.
I am a TJ Maxx fan, and this exceeded my expectations.
Bigger than any I've visited in the past, I shop here whenever I get the chance.
We live in Illinois, and visit our son and his family here in north Phoenix a few times a year.
A must do for me!

When I visit Phoenix, I have a little "shopping route" I like to follow.
Marshall's is one place I like to stop, mainly to check out their home goods area.
I don't always go home with something, but I like to look for good deals or unique items I can't find at home.
It sometimes takes a bit of digging, but I've found good prices on Le Crueset, Cynthia Rowley clothing, and Michael Kors shoes.
A good place to stop as well for socks and lingerie.

We really enjoy this location since it's a large store that blends Home Goods and Marshalls together.
Home Goods has a ton of great finds for decent prices.
We found a great collage frame that was ideal for a birthday gift for a friend.
This location was an excellent spot for our wedding as well.
We purchased a couple of porcelain cupcake stands from here, as well as, a few frames for our cupcake table and guest book table signage.
The staff is helpful and friendly here as well.
They always have a decent number of cashiers, and putting everyone into one line, so that there is a consistent moving line, is a great idea and works well.
Of course, this location can be found in the Desert Ridge plaza, so there are plenty of places around it to shop at as well, making it worth while to head out here if you are looking for other options for shopping / dining.
Overall: A Great variety, good pricing, helpful staff.

I could stay in this store all day!
The home goods section has so many unique finds and the staff has always ben friendly to me.
My only disappointment is the shoe section, its very small.
If you are looking to redo a room in your home or apartment, check out this store!

