Fresh ingredients cooked and served warm.
I liked their soft shell shrimp tacos, and the new bbq Carnita(sp?
) tacos.
I liked the texture, seasoning, temperature, harmony of the flavors.
I tried the chopped chicken ranch salad before, it wasn't too exciting and way over-dressed.
The chips and salsa weren't too great.
I like the interior decoration here.

Very good Rubio's, very accommodating for my diet needs and the kids love their taquitos.
It is in a convenient location when you are shopping and don't have time to go home.
The management seems to be on top of things and keep the place very clean.

Fresh and tasty!
They no longer have a wet burrito.
They discontinued the sauce as not enough people ordered it.
Bummer!
Otherwise, food is good and reasonable and most importantly, has many choices.
The chopped salad is good with grilled chicken.

Worst service EVER!!!
Really 35 min to make a flippin' burrito??
Also you might want to teach your staff about hygene.
We watched this kid take out the trash and than run to kitchen to help.
EWWWW!

Good food, good salsa choices.
The fish taco's were really good.
Just wish they could have come baked, broiled or grilled in place offried.
Still, very yummy.

I ordered a salmon taco which was delicious but very small.
Seriously, three bites and it was finished for $4 dollars!
Not a good value.
I spoke to the manager and he said that they keep on raising their prices.
Too bad.
Rubio's once was a good value.
Sadly, that's no longer true.

I don't know what everyone is talking about...
I have had bad luck at this place every time.
Never going back... if you have a cheese allergy, beware!
They will put it on your food whether you like it or not.
Their salmon comes in a hard stick form, and they give you two shrimp in a 3 dollar taco covered in mass amounts of crap.
I actually went back because they gave me a free burrito from screwing up my order before.
Then they gave me another bad order.
Skip the free burrito and head to Baja Fresh for a way better meal.

Rubio's is the definition of three star A-Ok.
The Food is decent, but not all that memorable or flavorful.
The prices are also decent.
The cost runs about the same as Chipotle, but this place is no Chipotle.
I do love that not only does Rubio's serve fish tacos, there are grilled options.
Not only is it healthier, but I personally am not a fried fish guy.
The price for a Pacific Mahi Mahi Taco plate (two tacos, chips, and beans) is a little north of $8.
Not bad for a fairly filling meal.
The fish it self is good.
The toppings are good.
Everything tastes surprising fresh for quick service.
But the sauce is extremely lacking, and when it comes to fish tacos, it's pretty much all about the sauce.
The beans were fine.
The chips were nothing special.
I wasn't a big fan of any of the salsa options.
If you are looking for cheap, quick, and not greasy Mexican food, Rubio's is a doable eatery.

Shopping at Desert Ridge and it was past lunchtime.
Despite there being only two or three tables occupied and several hours past standard lunch hours, it was a bit untidy.
A few littered tables, some bits on the floor, the salsa bar needed straightened.
(Minus a point)  I was waited on at the counter by the manager, who greeted me with a big smile and was very pleasant and patient as I studied the menu.
As it was my first time, I decided to go for the Famous Fish Tacos plate.
They gave me my number, my pop cup, and I mosied over to the salsa bar and filled up some cups with different salsas to try before settling at a high-top by the window.
It wasn't long before another smiling counter-person brought out my order and checked to make sure I had everything I neeed.
Very nice level of service.
Then things started going downhill.
The fish tacos---they  tasted very, very, VERY fishy.
In fact, I started to worry that maybe the fish had gone bad.
(Of course, I didn't think of that until I was halfway thru my second taco!
Eeeek!
)  (Minus another point) Now the beans were very good---super tasty!---in fact, I should have gone with just a big plate of them!
But the killing blow---and so many eating establishments, both fast, casual and fine do this and I don't know why!!!!??
?---was as I started my meal, the manager started sweeping up around my table with a broom and dustpan as I ate.
As I said, the dining room was basically empty, she could have started anywhere else.
Better yet, she could have done something less dust-raising, like clean off the table tops or tidy the salsa bar or clean a bathroom or iron money or SOMETHING!
Do these people not realize what an absolute turn-off it is to be trying to eat and imagining dust from countless other diners wafting around your food?
Yuck!
So, MAJOR point reduction.
Would I eat here again---maybe, maybe not.
There's quite a few quick eat places at Desert Ridge to try out and even though I didn't get sick, there was something not right about those fish tacos.
Or maybe that's just how they taste at Rubios---but I have had fish tacos before that have been delightful.
These were not.
And, like I said, it just irks me to be swept around when I am eating.
So, like I said, maybe...maybe not.

Idk how this place doesn't have a higher rating than three stars.
It isn't the best food I've ever had but I must say I find it to be satisfying and quite delicious.
Since being exposed to this restaurant by a coworker I have eaten here like five times in the last month.
It's fairly wholesome if you get the grilled options and it fills me for under ten bucks.
The service is personable and the store is always in great shape.
If you haven't already, you should try Rubio's!

The healthmex chicken burrito is a good option for tasty mexican without all of the calories.
The staff is always really nice and its a quick somewhat healthy meal.

Tried something different for my second go around at Rubio's and was much happier with this order than the Coastal.
The Coastal Trio is NOT a bad way to go, so don't get me wrong - if you like seafood and tacos, it's a great option.
This time I was feeling more filling and less toppings and wrap so I opted for a burrito instead.
I had the Burrito Especiala with the grilled chicken and black beans, and it was delicious.
There was more than enough filling to be a full and satisfying meal, while not being so much that it broke open the burrito and was a complete mess.
He had the two taco plate and ordered one steak and one chicken.
Both came out as chicken, which wasn't a huge deal since it was good!
We sat on the porch to enjoy the wonderful weather outside and it was nice for people watching, too, so bonus!
Desert Ridge has plenty of shops and restaurants to try out, making it a great night out for just about anyone.
Overall: A- We'll be back for sure.

I normally enjoy Rubio's but this last time was a bit unpleasant.
When we first walked in, I noticed (the manager?
) Erik yelling at the kitchen staff.
He then took our order and rushed through everything and wouldn't let me get a word in.
When my fiancé ordered, he also rushed through it and forgot to ask flour or corn for the tortillas.
My fiancé realized this shortly after and returned to the counter (before food was delivered) to ensure his tacos came on his preferred tortilla.
Erik said something along the lines of "okay, well that's why we ask what tacos you want when you order".
The food was wonderful, but very bad service this time around.

We like Rubios every time my cousin comes into town.
But this location always smells like raw sewage inside.
It is disgusting.
Nobody wants to eat at a place that smells like that.
It is an on again off again situation.
You never know if the smell is going to be there or not when you walk in.

I rarely give five stars because there's always room for improvement...
I love Rubio's as a concept.
I eat here quite often.
The fresh seafood tacos and burritos...
This is the way Mexican food should be.
I also love the fresh salsa bar...
However I do wish they had more options.
It is a bit limited for salsa bar.
I didn't have any issues with the food today... Just that the server did not pay attention to my request when I ordered.
I didn't want the fried fish.
Only the fresh grill and blackened.
But I still ended up with the fried fish in one of my tacos.
I brought it to her attention... And the manager quickly corrected it.

Rubios I love it I can eat all the time..really recommend my favorite food is shrimp tacos Mmmh Yummy

