Target Greatland - Desert Ridge.
You ROCK.
That's all there is to it.
You're clean.
You're gigantic.
You're casual, yet stylish.
You always have what I need.
The thought of seeing you at the end of the day keeps me going.
Your items sometimes make me laugh.
You're a cheap date.
You're everything I ever wanted in a....discount department store.
For a minute there I forgot what I was writing about.
Damn.
You have probably the biggest selection of housewares (and everything else too) of any other Target in the Valley - even better than the ghetto-ass Target I go to.
I just wish you were closer....
If you could just let me through your check-out gauntlet without spending a minimum $100, I'd LUV you even more.

Target is great in general, although I'm a bit disappointed the ever stylish and modern Desert Ridge has this ghetto Target.
Having been to a few Target Superstores or whatever they are called, this one isn't as exciting.
They should update it to include a full grocery section, would be even more popular then.

I rarely go to this Target even though it's close to my house.
The reason is that it's not great.
Everytime I've been there it has been really dirty.
I was there 2 days ago and it was the same.
I was greeted by  an overflowing trash in the front of the store.
When I went inside to find a trash, it was so filthy I didn't want to press the flap to put my trash in the bin.
Also bought a drink at the little snack place and the counter and fountain machines were a sticky, gross mess.

As Target's go this one is standard fare.
That consistency is part of their brand recognition.
However, as a part of the Up-Scale Desert Ridge Shopping Center, I'd expect a bit more than a Standard Target.
Don't they have some sort of a Flagship Target?
Also traffic and parking can be atrocious at Desert Ridge.
I drive to Target's and WalMart's much further from my house because the round trip time is less when I don't have to negotiate the teen packed Desert Ridge lot.
Probably safer too.

This one is not in walking distance of my Apartment as I mentioned earlier....LOL...it is however a very good target.
I just wanted to update this review to get the facts straight.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!

I love the Target at Desert Ridge.
It is big and roomy, I can check out the isles without bumping into other carts.
What I love the most is the sales after any Holiday.
Finding a great bargain for next year is a thrill, like my Olympics.
This one puts things on sale a lot faster.
They had the Halloween items at 70% off, when the other Targets had them at 50% off.
Yes, I go to almost all Targets in Scottsdale/Desert Ridge area.
Actually, I should say all, I don't think I have missed any.
Can't wait for my after Christmas shopping, I need to prepare and decide my theme for next year.
This year is going to be all red and white, yes I got everything last year in those colors.

Great Target to visit for Black Friday.
Very organized, clean, and good looking people.
Win!

What do a toilet brush, Hello Kitty stickers, a pink BBQ lighter and macaroni and cheese have in common?
I can find all of these things and more at Target!
I like this Desert Ridge Target location.
It is consistently clean and well-organized.
The staff is friendly and the store is large without being ridiculously overwhelming.
From household cleaning supplies to dog treats to nail polish remover, Target has what I want when I need it.
I even find things I didn't know that I needed - the blessing and curse of Target...
Shouldn't everything in life be this simple and satisfying?

I love shopping at this Target!
It's always clean, the food court staff are always so friendly, and that damn dollar spot always has tons of stuff I don't need at great prices.
I never spend a dollar.
Now that this store features a lot of grocery products I find myself shopping here more often.
I prefer it over grocery stores and only shop at grocery stores because Target doesn't have a lot of meat, seafood, deli, or produce choices.
Great store, great employees, ...
Right on Target!

This target only has a small grocery section though the items were very fresh.
Jeanette was a nice cashier who did not make me feel bad for accidentally going into the express line with several items.
Much appreciate the awesome customer service!

I really don't like this Target but it's next door to where I live so I come here often.
The layout of the store is awkward and they only have two cashiers at any given time.
Seriously.
I've been here 10 times and only seen 2 lanes open which creates massive lines.
Not very friendly staff.
Whatever, it's Target.
Great food selection but there are always out of stock on home goods.
I don't know how many times I've gone in to buy sheets, dishes, towels, whatever and it's gone.
Store reps don't know what happened or when the item will be back.
This is such a problem here I check online for the item to see if it's in the store.
Lots of kids running around.
If you can, go to the Target on Frank Lloyd Wright and the 101.
Much better home goods selection, friendly, and quieter.

For not selling celery and charging $1.79 for a 2-liter of diet coke there is a good chance I'll never stop here again.
For the sake of convenience and a decent selection of home goods that aren't overpriced I might.

I've been to this Target a few times now and every time the layout confuses me.
Electronics up front?
Say what?
That just seems like disaster or like they are just begging to be robbed.
Who knows?
Luckily I don't come here often and won't get caught in the possible cross-fire.
This recent trip was just to grab some BBQ sauce since I was in the area and stopping by an actual grocery store would be too much of a hassle.
Fortunately they had the brand I liked.
There wasn't much else I needed, but I still browsed a bit as I made my way back up to the front of the store.
In the checkout lane, they had a dark chocolate KitKat and I was sold.
Impulsive buys only work on me if they are dark chocolate.
Overall, it's a nice Target.
It's rather large and clean inside.
The shopping center is nice but can be hard to get in and out of, especially on the weekend.
I wouldn't come here just to shop at Target; I'd have to already be in the vicinity.

A solid Target location.
Clean and usually well staffed so you don't wait in long lines to get your items.
The bonus on that idea is that they always have staff on the 20 items or less line, which is helpful if you want to get in and out quickly with only a couple of things.
My biggest complaint about Target locations as of late is the pushing of their credit card / debit card they now offer.
I know that corporate makes the employees offer it, however, I don't care for the two or three offers when I've already declined the first one.
I promise that I was sure the first time that I didn't want the card.
On the whole it's really not the end of the world.
Overall: B Standard Target location - nothing to write home about, but not a bad place to go for groceries / essentials!

So I just left Home Depot after finding out they didn't have leather conditioner for our living room couch, so I figured Target would carry it.
After 5 minutes, an employee asked if they could help me...
They gave me three options to where I "might find leather conditioner," but after 15 minutes of trying to locate the item, I decided to check an aisle that wasn't recommended...  Found it!
Pretty pathetic they couldn't walk me to the item.
A 5 minute trip ended up being nearly 30, so I doubt I'll head back if I can help it.

Although I usually love Target, this location is always lacking.
The staff is rude and the baby section is tiny!
They never seem to have anything in stock and when you ask them they grumble and tell you "everything's on the floor" always.
Everything is always on the floor?
Hmmm

Very quiet on the day I went.
I said "whats up" to the Loss Prevention guy and he acknowledged and seemed like a nice guy.
Which is uncommon except for where I work, being that I talk to my guys a lot since I'm in management.
I didn't buy anything but it seemed like a nice laid back target.

I sometimes go here.
But I haven't been here since I've had my baby.
Well I went there today and realized that the carts are plastic now and completely unsafe to put my baby in because if he even leaned forward in the seat it would collapse on top of him.
I couldn't even get the cart protector over the cart without it collapsing.
It's very dangerous for the the consumer.
I refuse to go here now.
I hope I'm wrong about the carts...but they didn't work for me.

If there was zero stars I could give this store I would.
Apparently no one works in this store!!!
I called 5 times and every time I was put on hold then hung up on.
No wonder no one shops at target anymore.
I would rather pay double for the item I wanted to purchase than give them any of my money.
No customer service at all!

This one is average for Target stores.
It's close to our house and in a decent area.
It's usually pretty clean, and well staffed.
The lines can be slow, but unlike some other stores it's usually due to the customers here and not the cashiers.
I like that I can stop here for both home and grocery needs.
It is irritating getting asked all the time about Target cards.
Trust me, I can read.
I see the signs and your badges.
If I want a card, I will ask.
I have all but stopped shopping at other stores over constant harassment of this nature, and would hate to have the same happen to target.

