La Quinta in Phoenix is not the worst hotel I've stayed at but not so great.
The suite was nice and large but the decor left a lot to be desirable.
The bed was comfortable enough that i got some sleep but I was tossing and turning.
The carpet is this yucky commercial low pile stuff.
There is a continental breakfast but I was only tried the packaged yogurt.

I was pleasantly surprised at this hotel.
For the price ($65/nt), during my 3 days stay here (Tues-Thurs) I was quite happy with it.
There was a big comfy bed, a nice desk, big sofa and coffee table, fridge, microwave, coffee maker and decent wireless access.
The pool was nice and cold...although I couldn't get any cold water in my room.
It was over 100 F degrees outside.
I had the pool to myself.
There was plenty of parking also.
They also had smoking rooms for those interested.
Only one downside - the vending machine was only on the first floor...frustrating.
I'll stay here again and again if needed.
Right off the highway in Chandler.

Nice.
Not bad.
The continental breakfast is better balanced than a lot I've had.
Wish the pool was open a little later though.

More like a hotel, with hallway room entry.
The king bed was more spacious and got to enjoy a really nice and quiet nights rest.
The restroom was very spacious also, the entry way and a very big business desk.
I left a charger in the room but called to check if it was found and turned it.
It was and they are willing to hold that for me when I'm able to return to pick it up.
Really nice customer service.

Simple and everything you need.
Would definitely stay here again.
Reasonably priced.
The rooms are a comfortable size for a week's stay.
I've been in trendy "luxury" hotels that were nowhere near as comfortable.
Everything looked clean.
They brought us as many towels as often as we asked for.
The breakfast is not extensive but covers the basic groups - waffles, fruit, cereal, bagels, juice & coffee.
Near to plenty of good restaurants.
Cons: Yes, it's next to the freeway, but the traffic noise was usually a soft ocean sound, not disturbing at all.
The bathtub faucet dripped and the drain didn't drain well, but they fixed both issues within a day.

