My hard drive was going out on my PC so under Abu J's advice, I took it in to Data Doctor's.
They're repairing it as we speak and I found them to be professional, efficient and knowledgeable.
Their prices are just OK, but with a PC I need to get back up and running, that wasn't a deal breaker.

I've been to other Data Doctors over the years, and I have to say they've hit a range of 2-3 stars.
But I've been working with James at this store for the last week, and he's excellent.
They upgraded the RAM on one of my laptops in a very timely fashion.
Then on a second laptop they upgraded the hard drive to twice its original size and managed to do so in a way that the new hard drive exactly mirrored the old ones, installed programs and all.
The price was reasonable and James really knows what he's doing.
Even though they're not the closest Data Doctors to where I am, I'll definitely go to this store for my computer work.

Stopped in once to ask about my laptop battery not charging (I had read Dell Diagnostics and support threads, but wanted to take it in first before I got into buying parts).
The visit was probably 10 minutes and the guy at the counter literally just turned the computer on to see the "not charging" message, turned it off and directed me to Batteries Plus.
Needless to say I was a bit surprised, but I thought maybe he was trying to save me some money.
So off to Batteries Plus I go, where the only battery they had in stock wasn't a complete match and did not work on my system.
They offered to order me a replacement battery for $170, but I figured I could get a better deal online.
So I ordered a replacement battery and AC adapter just in case.
Both come and I try them with no success.
My computer won't recognize the new battery.
While testing all this I realized that there was a BIOS update I needed, but wouldn't run because my Dell battery didn't have enough charge and the replacement battery wasn't recognized.
So I went back to Data Doctors with all the parts and explanation of what I had found.
I suppose I should have turned around as soon as they couldn't take my credit card info because their router was down (not good for an IT/computer company to have IT issues).
For some reason they asked to keep the replacement AC adapter, but not the replacement battery only to call me 2 days later and ask for the battery (never mind that their hours mean I am late to work if I have to stop by).
So by Friday afternoon, after having my computer for 5 days, I called to check on it because 5 days seemed like an awful long time to have my laptop.
They told me almost word for word what I told them was the problem on Day 1.
The diagnosis was that I needed a Dell battery and not a generic replacement.
It took them 5 days to tell me that.
They also told me they had discovered some Trojan viruses on my computer.
I was skeptical since I have been shelling out money to McAfee for years.
So when I got my computer back I ran a scan, which came back negative, but when looking at the scanning history, I was reminded that McAfee did find 4 viruses 2 YEARS AGO and had quarantined them.
I am glad I got my laptop back when I did and am sorry I didn't ask for a refund because the only thing Data Doctors did for me was prevent me from having a usable laptop for a week.
I certainly don't need them to order me a Dell battery, when I can do that myself.
I was under the mistaken idea that a computer repair company would have spare parts to test systems so that I could have diagnosed the issue before having to go out an replace parts one by one.
I should have called my company's IT department back in Virginia because they would have been more helpful.
I can't speak to other locations, but I will never patronize the Ahwatukee store again.
I did ultimately resolve the problem when I found PHX CPU.
Since I had pretty much done all my own diagnostics, I realized it was either the DC power jack or motherboard.
Thankfully, it was the former and PHX CPU replaced my power jack and my laptop is running perfectly again.

After spending close to $300.00 at Data Doctors allegedly having my computer fixed, it started to malfunction within two days.
To make a really long story short, a medical contortion did not allow me to return to the store immediately but the manager told me that it was not a problem and Data Doctors stands behind their work.
I finally was able to return to this location and a new manager basically told me he would have to charge me for any diagnostics and repairs.
I learned a valuable and expensive lesson, Data Doctors does not stand by their "repairs".

Store has changed.
Do NOT take your computer there.
I have used this store for all of my computer needs for past 4 years, they were always great, until now.
Two weeks ago I brought my desktop in to add a video card so I can hook up a second monitor.
I was told two business days (which was the case in the past).
On day three, I call to check in.
I was told that they "haven't gotten to video card yet" but I had all of these viruses (I seriously question this now).
I agreed to have them clean it out.
I was told one more day.
Two days later, still have not heard back.
I call them and they tell me "they have to order my video card".
Nearly TWO WEEKS later, I call them back.
I am told that they cannot find a compatible video card with my 2014 Dell desktop!!!!
So it took them two weeks to tell me they couldn't do what I brought in computer for (but still managed to scam me out of $250 for a virus cleanup and then denied my ability to use a coupon).
I called Dell to discuss adding a video card.
Then, Geek Squad.
Geek Squad has the video card and is installing it as we speak.
Within two days may I add.
These people at this store are incompetent, lack professionalism and completely ripped me off.
I am so saddened by this.
They really used to be great :(

After I posted a negative review about Data Doctors because they would not stand behind their repairs, I received numerous E-mail from them asking what they could do "to fix the problem".
This afternoon I received a phone call from a Steve at DD, asking what Data Doctors could do to fix the problem.
He was told, in no uncertain terms, that Andrew the manager, when I went back to the Chandler Blvd location in early May, basically told me DD was not going to do anything to fix my computer.
I learned Andrew is no longer the manager, they seem to have quite the turnover in managers and he, Steve, would help me.
I informed Steve that a month ago Data Doctors was unwilling to make good on their "repairs" and I had to spend additional money having my computer fixed.
It cost me an additional $150.00 to have my computer repaired by a professional.
I can not nor would I ever recommend Data Doctors!

