Ive been craving udon and ramen probably for the last month or so.
While I was in Awatukee today I saw this place in the shopping center I was visiting.
Oh yeah, this is going to hit the spot!
You know when you're in trouble when you go in and the place is empty.
Continuing in I saw udon on the menu board.. my cravings overrode my sensibility to leave, oh how do I hate my cravings.
Got to the counter and couldn't stop myself.. order the shrimp tempura udon.
After about 3 minutes later the smallest of bowls appeared.. can you call something this small a bowl, more like a bo since far to small to use the whole word.
Well instead of griping about paying 7 bucks plus tax for my bo of udon cravings took over again!
I tried the broth first.. hmmm, pretty unimaginative.. for whatever reason I though it was going to be good, just salty.. the shrimp, gummy and soup logged.. okay here comes the udon!!!
Like eating rubber bands.. tough, chewy and actually kind of strange.
The only thing that was decent about the bo was these little pink and white half slices.. very chewy and pretty cool texture..
I would have rather had a bowl of those then anything else in the bo in front of me.
After about 5 bites I threw it out and left.. still craving good udon or ramen.. any ideas?
Please!!

After getting diarrhea from eating the mediocre Mongolian Beef here, I think I would avoid any future contact with this establishment.

Pretty tough reviews but this was my first visit.
I went for the Panang Chicken Curry... not too spicy which was good and came with some rice and they had a coupon in their paper menu's at the desk for a free chicken egg roll with an entree so that's what we did.
I'm no curry expert by any means but I've had better curry at Thai places previously but I wasn't disappointed at all.
I could have taken more rice but in the end it turned out to be just enough.
My buddy went safe and had the orange chicken which he said was just fine and he'd also return.
It's not a really nice place so no worries there, but not dirty at all, just kind of quick sit down and eat type place.. wooden chair booths but plenty of seating for a lot if you had a group.
Ladies were very nice and food came up fairly quick.
I'll go again and try another item on their menu and hopefully will be just as good or better.
Oh and they have Diet Dr Pepper, which is awesome... just sayin.

Don't know why this place is getting such bad reviews.
Whenever my boyfriend and I go to the AMC 24 next door we always get dinner here.
He loves the Pad Tai and I love the Brocolli w/chicken rice dish.
The food is pretty good!
The baby egg rolls are good too!

OK so I am a bit upset by the fact that Neo Tokyo changed management and when they did that they got rid of the sushi on their menu and they drastically changed the menu.
Even with that all in mind I did enjoy the food still.
I did however notice a difference in the taste, I cant say it was better but I wont say it was worse it was just different.
As for the restaurant itself the people are still very polite and helpful.
The decor is nice and calm and still looks very nice.
The menu change looks wise is nice they have gone from a cheap paper menu to a nice photo laminate tri-fold.
All and all I would recommend this place to anyone.
Only thing if the new management is listening to this sight for reviews please please bring back the sushi menu.
P.S.
They Deliver.

I'm on my "Showgirls" diet which includes brown rice, vegetable and evian.
Surprisingly, I got all of that at Neo Tokyo, with some chicken as well.
We stopped by for lunch, and enjoyed fresh food at a very decent price.
The lunch special was $6.50 and came with a spring roll.
The guy working was friendly and offered some recommendations.
I don't hang out in this part of town much, but if I'm in that part of town in the near future, I'd stop by here again without a doubt.

This place has a subpar menu, its just not very appealing to try some of the more adventurous stuff.
I stuck to the tried and true teriyaki chicken.
It really isn't very amazing here, its ok.
If you're near the theatre, want to grab a quick bite before the show, and you are really craving some asian food, you could give it a try.
Otherwise I'd just go elsewhere.
Staff is not very friendly at this place, I imagine its family run, but they seem like they could care less if you could eat here.
I really don't like places like this that think they'll stay in business just because they got an awesome location.
Aside from the person who takes your order, doesn't smile, and doesn't really say a word there is no service to rate here.
The food isn't terrible, it just isn't amazing.

I came here on Christmas day to eat after catching a movie at the theatre next door.
I was starving, and theres only so many options one person has in regards to dining out on such a holiday.
The menus pretty boring, standard issue chinese.
Limited options, and a fast casual dining experience for service.
I don't think it was bad...just nothing really exciting here, and kind of has a boring feel to it.
I'm just glad that they were open to eat at during xmas day.
Food was okay, nothing exciting.
I went with the sweet and sour chicken with brown rice, and I got plenty of food for the $9.29 I paid.
Sadly, they serve everything on plastic, including the baby fork that came with my food.
Why cant I get real lifesize adult siverware here?
I swear the fork was meant for a 2 year old!
Of all the chinese places I've eat at, this was surely one of them.
Nothing memorable, but nothing so horrid that Im scarred for life.
Dont expect to much when eating here....

Some of the worst  food I have ever had, I would think twice before I ate here again even if I were close to starvation.
Stay away!

I came in about 15mins before closing.
I hate doing that, but I was hungry and I can eat fast (hey, I was in the military!
)  The food was pretty good.
I was a little scared that it would take them a while since it was close to closing but they got it out in a jiffy and it was well made.
I even liked the veggies, which is good considering that I am picky with my veggies.

I keep hearing good things about Neo Tokyo and have driven by it way to many times.
I went for lunch the restaurant was empty well waiting for my food I saw everyone was getting take out.
The staff was really friendly the restaurant really clean...
I ordered the lunch combo #1 Teriyaki Chicken with brown rice I also ordered the 3pcs Shrimp Tempura.
The Chicken was pretty good for the price without the hot chili sauce it would have been a D- The shrimp Tempura was not crispy on the outside it was soggy that makes it a D- as well.
I will not be going back for lunch anytime soon.

Unquestionably, from the first time we stopped at this place on our way to the movies, we have become regular patrons.
The food quality is very good  a la par with their prices.
The atmosphere is very nice and casual, plus the service staff is friendly and helpful.
In addition, they deliver which we have taken under consideration when we decide to stay home, $12.00 minimum order for delivery.
Needless to say, the Asian cuisine is diverse and flavorful.

Being an Irishman, I order the stereotypical fare of General Tso's and/or Orange Chicken.
I like to mix it up with some gyoza and crab puffs from time to time, but I keep it pretty simple.
That being said, I think you can judge an Asian place by its wok food like you can judge a steakhouse by its steaks.
Neo is pretty dang good.
I don't like their crab puffs, but that's just me.
Their gyoza are awesome, the wok food is good, and they offer brown rice which I think is really cool.
The prices are very fair, and they have 24/7 coupons on their website.
I highly recommend you give them a shot, even if they're not the best Asian place in the Ahwatukee area.

Wow, this was easily some of the worst Panang Beef I've ever had.
The curry sauce was thin, runny, and poorly seasoned.
There were few vegetables in this curry, and the beef was exceptionally tough.
Yuck!
To add insult to injury, this plate-o-barf was overpriced -rest assured I will never set foot in this place again.

Orange chicken and fried rice was pretty darn tasty.
Served very hot and the sauces were hearty and flavorful.
I can't tell you how much I dislike runny Chinese food.
This was very good - much better than your typical fast food "orange chicken.
"   When you're in there, take a look at the wall on the right (when you're facing the counter) to see pictures of the different dishes.
If they don't get your mouth watering, I don't know what will.
The gyoza and crispy puffy appetizers looked great.
I'm looking forward to going back and trying them all out.

Food is below average- overly breaded and extremely bland.
Don't bother, there is better Chinese in Ahwatukee.
Try Great Wok instead.

Service:  Poor.
I asked the gal what the Asian spicy chicken had in it.
She didn't know so she asked another girl who didn't know either.
The third girl they asked told me to look at the pictures on the wall.
WTH?
I gave up after that.
Food: Bland.
I had the teriyaki chicken dish.
It consisted of a lot of overcooked dry chicken and 4-5 tiny pieces of broccoli.
Even the Sriracha sauce was bland??
Not sure how that can be either.
The white rice was good.
At least I'm full.
Would I go back?
Probably not.

The food is ok, and you get quite a bit for the price, but it's nothing to get excited about.
I got the pad thai and it was dry.
They also served it with a lemon.
Everyone knows pad thai is supposed to have lime juice on it, and it isn't very tasty with lemon juice, I have to say.
The fried rice tasted heavily of oil, and I could definitely make it better at home.
The only redeeming dish that saved this review from being one star is the sesame chicken.
It's light and a bit sweet and pretty tasty.
It is a bit over-breaded though.

Our go to delivery Japanese restaurant.
They're reliable, and give good portions of food.
The miso soup is delicious!
Chicken Katsu is one of my favorites.

They deliver to my office so I figured I'd give them a shot.
I tried their egg drop soup and chicken teriyaki - both were delicious.
I have yet to visit their location but it's on my list.

Although the dishes were requested to be extremely spicy - they definitely lacked that and the request was obviously not adhered to.
However, on the plus side, two types of hot sauces/chilies were provided for the dishes and they did manage to add a little "kick" - although not nearly enough.
Dishes: Korean noodle soup, chicken w/ mushrooms, Thai basil beef, kung pao shrimp.
Despite the lack of spice, the dishes were filled with good quality meat and vegetables - no MSG or other extreme amounts of sodium.
I would definitely re-visit this place but please do keep in mind that the dishes are a bit "Americanized".

bad, bad, bad.
the chow mein was edible and that is literally the nicest thing i can say.

Years and years ago this place used to be pretty damn good and now it's about even with fast food if that

Great!!
Yummy lemon chicken!!
So fresh

Note to the owner who  Is taking orders, remove your bling.
Food cooked to order - so expect to wait a short time.
I had the Asian shrimp - A good big serving for lunch.. Brown rice was good, shrimp was pretty good.
Lots of veggies.
Not bad - will fill your gut.

Quick service before a movie that is yummy and has something for all taste buds !
I tried the Thai Basil Rice with chicken and it was lovely.
My friends raved about their noodles and Orange Chicken.
The average meal was about $8 without a drink.
I actually was upset that I did not have more appetite.
Better than normal fragranced rice and the noodles were perfectly seasoned, i found myself wanting to eat a little out of everyone else's plate.
Come here before a show and you really wont ever want popcorn in a movie again!

This food is fantastic!
I like the Thai Basil Spicy Rice w/shrimp  I always order it with extra Basil and  it is jammed packed with shrimp-  when I am home I sometimes put it in the skillet and add tomatoes and quick fry to make a bit more moist.
The chicken curry is great and I sometimes add a cup of "SoDelicious" coconut milk in the skillet to make a fantastic gravy.
But it is all great right from the container!
The delivery service is fabulous, however, when ordering over the phone they are a bit rushed so I always ask them to read back the order to me and when I express any concerns they ALL WAYS LISTEN AND ACCOMODATE!!
Thanks Neo Tokyo you are highly recommended!

We tried the teriyaki chicken and Asian spicy chicken.
Both were very good!
If this was located a little closer to us, we'd definitely come back on a regular basis.
Wide variety to choose from on the menu including crab puffs, edamame, etc.
If I could rate 4.5 I would - the only downside is that it's small inside so not the most welcoming place to eat, but if you want something delicious on the go, this is it.

People who work there are full of attitude.
Food is tasteless  Ice tea has no flavor  No point to the place

Every time I walk into this place I am reminded of how easily places come and go around Phoenix.
This place continues to stay and for good reason.
The food is hot and fresh and flavorful.
If you want it spicy - you got it.
If you don't - you got that too.
During the lunch-time rush the food arrives quickly so if you're in a hurry, you're welcome.
This place is clean and even my momma (soooo picky) loved it.

The food is AMAZING!
This fabulous place is next to work and I hopped in there last week for the 1st time.
I seriously can't say enough about Neo Tokyo.
The portions are huge, enough to feed 2 or left overs.
I had the Teriaki chicken, it  was  so moist and flavorful!
I guess this place is so well know, that when I came back to work the next day, my leftovers were swiped at work!
I had a lunch date with my husband this afternoon to share this new little jem I found.
I ordered the terriaki chicken again, we also ordered the walnut shrimp, the hawiann fried rice, and spring rolls.
The shrimp is amazing, and I was impressed by the quality and quantity of the shrimp.
The hawaiian fried rice was also impressive.
I would ask to add more pineapple to it the next time, I feel that you can never have to much pineapple in your life!
;) Oh an the spring rolls, delish!
Flavor, texture, and no grese in sight!
All I have to say is BRAVO Neo Tokyo, your food is truly PERFECTION, and  you have gained two new lifetime customers!!

Ordered the "panang curried beef".
First off any "Asian place that claims to do Thai, Japanese and Chinese ...probably not going to be good.
I took a chance and I wasn't proved wrong in my previous statement.
First of all the rice came on a paper plate and it looked like it was day old rice reheated in a loose pile.....second the "panang curried beef" came in a plastic container that looked like a repurposed salsa container.
It was brown gravy like consistency with beef in it but almost nothing else.
It was so friking hot that it was an obvious microwave job of previously cooked food.
All this for 9 dollars.
It didn't smell like panang it didnt look like panang.
I took it back to the counter and the guy said no we cook everything fresh....funny thing is I look through the pass counter and see a whole huge sheet pan of cooked off breaded chicken in a rack.
Do not waste your time and money on this place.
I walked out disgusted.

Pros: Nice, clean feel to the restaurant.
1 cashier was friendly.
Cons: Too expensive ($18 for teriyaki chicken and hot wings?
), other cashier was rude, wings were terrible with jagged bone shards, noodles had a weird smell like Windex but didn't taste terrible (worse than Panda, though, and that's a low bar), teriyaki chicken had the same "discount meat" taste as the wings, vegetables were soggy and mostly seemed like an afterthought.
Used to love this place but haven't been back in several years.
This new bizarre menu seems to be an "everything-kind-of-Asian" mashup, food quality is poor, and it no longer has that small business charm it had before with previous owner, Tina.

It was much better than expected.
I had the spicy Korean noodle soup with lettuce wraps.
They were very good.
I can see us returning for take out or delivery.
Dining in is less likely because we enjoy uncle bears next door as an option.
We'd order again from here until we have a reason not to.
Fast and delicious.

I believe I  had eaten here once before.
It was just as I expected.
Very clean, counter service.
Clean interior.
Prices are decent for fast Asian Fusion Food.
They have pictures on the wall that show exactly what you are getting.
Approximately 32 dishes.
From Korean, Japanese, Thai to Chinese.
Reminds me somewhat of a food court type of restaurant.
During the week they have lunch specials.
Probably get better deals then.
We were here on a Saturday and prices were a bit high for what this place is.
I had the sesame chicken rice bowl with white rice (you have a choice of brown or white) with lots of chicken a couple of pieces of green and red pepper.
I believe I counted 3 pieces.
Little bit stingy.
Another person had the Pad Thai, and a Katsui chicken.
It's, clean, fast service, decent food.

