I love this place!
I have enjoyed their "Salmone Mostarda" as an appetizer.
I've taken my parents from IL here... dad ordered the "Rustica" pizza.
I chose the "Rigatoni Alla Vodka"... plenty of leftovers to enjoy later.
Its scrumptuous.
I have also ordered the "Ravioli Caprese.
" The service has always been top rate.
Mmmmm!
I would jump at the chance to go again.
I had clients first turn me on to Arrivederci at T-bird & Scottsdale Rd.
in north Scottsdale.
The waiter had an Italian accent and the pasta was freshly made.
We indulged in dessert and it was heavenly... can't remember what it was but mmmmm!
Love, love, love it!

Arrivederci feels like home to me.
The staff and owners/management make you feel like part  of the  family.
Service is friendly and attentive.
The soft Italian music in the background is soothing and nostalgic.
The decor is Old Italy, and it is small enough to feel cozy, but roomy enough that you don't feel crowded.
And the food is a perfect joy.
Not a huge menu, but substantial with nice variety.
Moderately priced, with a fine selection of good wine.
I've never seen anyone there, and I've been there several times, that wasn't happy and having a good time.
I recommend Arrivederci to everyone I know.

I'm pissed  I went here on a Thursday night at 9pm looking for dinner  I was so psyched after reading reviews  And BOOO!!!
They stop serving food at 9pm.
Sigh.
So yeah, I'm pissed at them.
I work late most nights and do end up eating out around 9pm.
Why?!
WHY?!
Booo!!

Mamma Mia!
Arrivederci just keeps on getting better.
I have always loved the food and wine, and have gone back many times for a pleasant evening.
But now, Max and Joseph have added the crowning touch; the brand new large bar and lounge makes this place feel like home.
There is a giant screen on the far wall where we all can watch a movie or sporting event.
There are couches and easy chairs as well as the traditional bar stools and high tops.
On Fridays and Saturdays they have added live music.
Happy hour prices til 7pm, super friendly staff and owners, great food and a terrific selection of reasonably priced wines makes this my favorite Italian trattoria.

LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!
The food here is wonderful and the wait staff and bar are so friendly, you really couldn't ask for anything more!
I love the new expansion to the bar area, and whenever we think good Italian food, we always pick arrivedercis.
You won't be dissappointed!

I'm torn between shouting from the rooftops about how much I love Arrivederci's happy hour and keeping it as my own little secret so it doesn't become overcrowded.
Well .
here it goes, fingers crossed!
We had been here for dinner a few times and were very pleased, we decided we needed to try their happy hour.
I'm so glad we did; this is one of my new favorite quiet happy hour spots.
Not quite as trendy as Va Bene, but that's a good thing.
Less of a singles scene, less noisy and the food is just as delicious!
Happy hour is M-F 5-7.
We walked in a few minutes after 5 and were greeted by a very friendly bartender.
He kindly brought us menus and explained that during happy hour all wines by the glass are $5.
Wonderful!!
He brought us some water (with a slice of cucumber, nice touch), took our drink orders, and gave us a few minutes to decide on food.
In addition to the wine specials, there are happy hour food specials!
Half off bruschetta, pizza, and other appetizers.
We went with the Calamari In Umido (large tube calamari sautéed in white wine & clam broth with a touch of tomato) and the Margherita pizza.
They make their own mozzarella here, people!!
Before we received the appetizers, the bartender gave us some fresh bread with oil and balsamic to snack on.
The calamari came out first and it was fabulous, as was using the free bread to sop up the amazing broth!
Then came the pizza and while it didn't blow me away, it was still very good and that mozzarella is so creamy and fresh!
As embarrassed as I am to admit it, we got three rounds of that yummy bread to use for that delicious broth of the calamari.
The best part, the bartender didn't seem to mind a bit that we were being a little greedy with the free bread!
What a nice guy!
Did I mention the bread and broth were delicious?
The bar area is nice with a small-ish size bar and a few high-top tables.
My favorite part was the living room set up past the bar.
Some comfy couches and a projection screen.
I can't wait to plan a friendly group happy hour so we can lounge around on the couches drinking wine and snacking on appetizers.
The service was great, the food was great, the price was right, and the atmosphere is cool and cozy.
What more can a girl ask for?
A couple more times like this, and this is a five star rating .
easy!

Food is pretty good.
Not bad but not exciting.
I've stopped by for drinks and also for dinner a few times.
Every time I've been there the daily special is the osso bucco.
How can a daily special be the same every day?
Doesn't that mean it's just daily?
If you're looking for a simple Italian dinner, this place is the place to go.
Prices are moderate but a bit high considering there is no 'wow' in the food.
Decor is nice but be careful.
Table spacing is a bit tight so you may be stuck next to a loud or awkward seating.

OK.
So I was asked by friends to give this place another try and I must admit I was very surprised.
They extended the restaurant!
The dine in side is the same but the bar area is alot bigger and there's even a loungy feel to the bar side of the restaurant.
Their happy hour food and drinks are great!
The crowd is a cool mix of young and old.
All who seem to appreciate good drinks and great food.
Finally!
A cool inexpensive place to go have drinks and food wih friends!
I am now a fan of this restaurant!

This was the most authentic italian food i've ever had.
I get the Pene with meat sauce every time.
The service is great!

I'm usually disappointed when I try new Italian places.
I was happy that this place broke the trend.
From the live pianist/singer to the cozy booth and candle light to the jovial host, I was immediately impressed.
Then the menu...no crap, just the good stuff, the basics and the prices were pretty good.
We couldn't wait to order, but we did.
We waited and waited and waited.
Finally I flagged down the waiter and asked if we could please order.
It's like, "Um, I would like to buy things from you.
Would you like to sell me something?".
It really rightsized my excitement being put on hold like that.
Finally the food!
YUM!
I'll get the chicken parm again.
It was the right size and delish!
So dinner was over and we were ready to pay.
Along came the check and there went the waiter.
Again we waited and waited until I flagged him down and asked if we could please pay.
Again, it's like, "Hey, I'd like to give you $30 + 20% for your...ahem....service.
Why won't you just come take it???
"  arg!!
Anyway, the restaraunt was great and I'll go back and hope for a different waiter.

Best Happy Hour, by far.
I haven't yet tried dinner, but the appetizers and pizza are delicious and the staff are very friendly.

This is the best Italian restaurant we've been to in Phx.
It blows away the chain competition and does it in a nice friendly way.
After driving by it for several years we stopped last week, we will be returning often.
The flavors were unbelievable, the drinks were excellent and the prices were most reasonable.
DON'T miss the desserts.

Let me start by saying I love the food at this restaurant.
It is great.
In addition, the happy hour is well set up and lots of fun in the expanded bar area.
That said, if you go there for date night it's a crap shoot on what kind of service you'll get.
One or two of the waiters are surley and inattentive, to the point of being down right annoying.
It's a shame because I don't go there as much as I otherwise would.
If you want reliably great service along with great italian cuisine, I'd recommend Ruffino's on Warner as an alternative.

Best Italian food in Phoenix!!
This place is a hidden gem tucked away in Ahwatukee.
Once you eat there you will tell everyone you know to go there too.

Wanted to hit happy hour, but wasn't able to sit in the lounge area because my grandfather is big .... so we ate normal dinner.
I wished that they would have accomodated us on his size for happy hour prices.
The music was a bit loud even after we asked the server to turn it down a bit.
I don't believe he actually did turn the music down at all.
All dishes were nice but nothing over the top.
I'd like to try it again for happy hour, but I will not be going back for normal menu items.
A little costly and quality of food just was not matching up for me.
There are many things on the menu to try though.

I entered Arrivederci on a Friday during happy hour...
They have no draft beer and the beer list in bottles is pretty lame...
I ordered a Negra Modelo that was the only beer that I would drink off the list and that seemed pretty strange at an Italian restaurant.
I was served my beer and it took 15 minutes before I had to ask for a menu...
I ordered the Rustica pizza (Tomatoes, Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, Mushrooms and fresh mozzarella) I liked the flavor of the pizza and the crust was really good but the pizza it's self was pretty soggy in the middle I think it could have been cooked more but for $6.50 it's a deal...
I will be back for sure for this happy hour really good prices.

Groupon got us in; great food and service will bring us back.
We started with the Caprese Rustica.
I found the roasted peppers to be a bit overwhelming, BUT... the mozzarella was -by far- the best I've had in a looooong time.
You know how most mozzarella (except, amazingly, the cheap 'string cheese' kind) is absolutely flavorless?
Even when advertised as 'fresh' or 'bufala'?
Well, the mozza here was wonderful - once you separated it from the peppers, it was simply delicious.
The boyfriend had some kind of cannelloni with beef in a white wine tomato sauce.
The sauce was incredible... extremely well balanced, you could taste the wine and the tomato.
Just lovely.
When asked, he said his food was 'really quite good'.
(Coming from him, that's a 4-star review.
He's not a foodie.
)  I had ravioli with portobello mushrooms in a brown sauce.
If you're a 'shroom fan, you'll love the dish.
The ravioli were large and soft, the filling was super tasty and the sauce was awesome.
I had to order more bread to sop it up, it was so yummy.
Service was very good - our waiter was attentive, but not obnoxious, and we were able to enjoy a leisurely meal even on a busy Saturday night.
We'll definitely be back.

Tonight was my first time at Arrivederci Trattoria.
I have driven by this restaurant many times but  have never stopped.
I purchased a Groupon for this restaurant several weeks ago and I am glad I did.
The service was great, and the restaurant had a very friendly atmosphere.
I started with the minestrone soup and for my main course I ordered the lobster ravioli with vodka cream sauce.
My 9-year-old also loved the minestrone soup (he ate most of mine) and he really liked the spaghetti and meatballs.
My significant other ordered a salad and the tortellini (both of which he enjoyed).
For desert we ordered the flourless chocolate cake (I cannot remember what it was called) and it was so yummy.
The restaurant also gives out complimentary homemade lemoncello (though tonight it was raspberry cello) which was pretty good.
It was a bit pricey but I will be returning to try some of the other menu items.

My Wife and I have been going to Arrivederci for the last couple of years.
The food is typically fantastic, unfortunately I can't say the same for the service.
The service there is hit or miss at best!
The reviews that have been posted over the last two years commenting on the service are pretty much spot on, and apparently dismissed by the management.
The waiters are not attentive, not accurate in their ability to get the order right and generally absent.
I have decided we will not be returning to this establishment any time soon, if at all.
It truly is a shame because the food and atmosphere are great but the service is horrible, with what you pay there should be some level of service.
Food is good service is very poor.

Really excellent, attentive service in a dim, romantic atmosphere.
I had a fettucine dish with a mushroom cream sauce and there was a TON of mushrooms.
Flourless chocolate cake has a delicious, nutty texture.
On a side note, and this is just my personal thing...
I dislike being offered powdered parmesan for the entree and caesar salad had pre-shredded parmesan on top.
I much prefer, in an Italian restaurant, having a block of real parmesan for the shavings.

The food & wine are good & happy hour is great, but, as nice as our waitress was, she brought our wine & appetizer, but our pizza never materialized.

Well, as usual, I am writing this review to share my opinions and observations with other Yelpers.
My family and I went to eat dinner here over the weekend along with an important out-of-town visitor that we were entertaining.
We decided to try this restaurant since we are always looking for a good Northern Italian restaurant and have not really found one here in the valley, despite living here for over 25 years.
So we gave it a shot.
I have some good comments and some not-so-good comments to share:   First the good.
Although the menu is limited (by my standards, albeit they have a decent selection), the food was good.
We ordered a wide variety of dishes from various appetizers, salads, an antipasti plate, pastas, veal dishes, lobster ravioli, and other entrees.
Everyone said that the entrees and appetizers were very good, including me, who ordered the simplest dish because I love it -- Italian sausage and peppers over fettuccine.
And the portions are large and the prices are very good.
The service is decent and passable.
Now for the not-so-good.
First of all, there were only two parties eating dinner that night.
A party of 8 and our party of six......that's all.
I think the bad economy is hurting this restaurant as well as other better dining establishments.
But the problem was even when I asked for a different seating area and finding more room for our table(s), we were told that we couldn't do that.
WTF!
With only two parties in a big restaurant?
And they put our parties right next to each other!
How freaking noisy and irritating was that?
There was only one server too, and I think he might have been either the manager or the owner.
I can understand the need to reduce staff if business is poor, but that was a little too much for me.
Next, the wine list is poor -- with many of the wines "out of stock" and most of the labels are from unknown vineyards.
The prices for the wines were really not bad for a retail restaurant -- I paid $85 and $89 for two bottles of maybe $35 wines, but is to be expected.
I would have been willing to pay even more if the wines were better and from recognizable vineyards -- either from Napa or Italy.
And although the food was good along with the prices, the salad was bad.
It was like out of a supermarket bag -- "field greens".
And the dressing was blase and boring.
And lastly, my party had four dessert eaters, but the dessert options were boring and poor.
Again, probably due to the poor business volume, they have to cut back on the dessert options and the more costly and sophisticated desserts.
My suspicion is that this restaurant probably had better options and choices for everything in better times, but today, I would say it is so-so at best.
My wife said she would not go back again.
For me personally, I would go back just for a simple meal for myself and my wife and daughter, since the food is good and the prices right.
So I am still searching for a good Northern Italian restaurant.
Oh yeah, one more thing -- I will have to give them credit for being willing to make simple menu changes that we requested.
I can understand that restaurants won't make things on the menu if the requests are too far afield from their standard items, but things like making the dish without alcohol in it should be accommodated.
And for the seafood pasta dishes, my wife only wanted clams and not the mussels, shrimps, and fish, and they did that.
My daughter wanted a cheese pasta dish but also wanted some "meat" so they added a grill chicken breast on top.
Oh yeah, my wife wanted the lobster ravioli as an appetizer so they made a special appetizer size for her.
When she shared some with the others, a couple of others changed their entrees to the lobster ravioli since it was very good.

Great Italian food that I would not cook myself.
Very elegant dishes.
Would totally go back in a heartbeat!

I am not a picky person.
No really!
I'm not, but I had such a horrible experience here I had to share.
I made reservations for tonight at 5pm since I was told yesterday when I called about going in that night they couldn't accommodate me, and I needed to come in the next night....
But whatever.
I found the whole thing odd when I came in tonight and they did not have my reservation, and then laughed at me and said it was probably on a scratch piece of paper in the office.
Awesome.
I would comment on the service, but other than taking my order, it was pretty much non-existent.
Oh wait, they did stop by 30 minutes after taking my order to drop off some burnt bread and to tell me they were having "printer issues" and my appetizer would be out soon.
I'm not sure what kind of Jetson's kitchen has a printer that makes my food, but again, whatever.
I waited tables in college, so I know that's code for "I forgot to put in your order".
15 minutes after that, my appetizer came out.
In my world, 45 minutes to wait for your appetizer is pretty bad.
And I'm not exaggerating.
It really took that long.
Since I was pretty hungry at that point, the appetizer disappeared quickly.
I honestly probably would have liked it if it hadn't marinated in my bitterness for 30+ minutes, but I wasn't impressed.
I looked at my watch when that was polished off and it took another 30 minutes from that point for the entrees to come out.
Now, really, any entree at that point was pretty much doomed.
Its hard to like anything when your irritated, however, for $19 a pop, I was not pleased with the quality of my entree.
If it's going to take you over an hour to cook it, it better have some freaking pizzazz!
Again, I am quite confident that it didn't take them that long, and they just forgot about me.
I get that, but i have been many places where the way they handle the screw up is so impressive, I come back for customer service alone.
That is not the case here.
Please tell me your sorry, comp something, bring me some wine...
Something!!!
And like I said, the food never even stood a chance....  Needless to say, I will never be back.

Be careful using a credit card here.
Michael the bartender charged our credit card incorreclty TWICE!
I had to file a dispute with my bank.
If I go back, I will only pay cash!
It's too bad, with money tight these days, you have to watch very closely.

The "specials" are always the same.
However, we have never had a meal that we were disappointed with.
The waiter always forgets beverages that are non alcoholic, but he is on top of it when it comes to selling wine.
I only know because I was pregnant and he would forget my drinks.
Lamb shank is very good!

My hubby and I went here with a few of our friends a few weeks ago, it was great!
We got to sit on sofas in what I guess passes for the "VIP" section since our friends apparently hang out there a lot.
The only downside was the sub-woofers were under the side tables, so it was a bit loud.
They had live music, which was cool.
The singer was very good and super nice.
We had the Caprese Rustica, not something we'd usually order but our friends insisted.
It was sooo good, they make their own mozzarella, which is neat.
We also had the Ahi Tuna, so nom!
The Ahi was perfectly cooked and very fresh.
The last thing we tried was the Calamari in Umido, it was pretty good though I don't know that I'd order it again.
It's basically cooked Calamari in a broth, instead of your typical friend calamari.
They have a pretty good selection of wine.
We went with a Moscato that was delicious!
My only problem with this place is the entrance, I'm pretty sure they have to bribe fire/health inspectors.
The bar is just inside the door and there are chairs lining the whole bar.
Getting through there to the other side of the restaurant (where the bathroom is) when it's crowded isn't so fun.
I'm also pretty sure if there were ever a fire everyone would be trapped by fallen barstools and the bottle neck effect...the food's good enough to risk it though!

We tried out this place tonight because right up the street and bought a Groupon!
It is a good date atmosphere for sure.
Food was good, but not wonderful...I am glad I tried it out, but most likely would not go back!

Cozy place, nice atmosphere, good service.
LOVED my cioppino.
Eggplant Parm was very yummy.
Rolls seemed a big doughy to me.
But the reason for 4 stars rather than 5 is that the minestrone was rather bland.

The wine was okay, food was decent, but the service was blah!
The waiter treated us like we didn't belong.
I've in place more upscale than this and didn't receive such poor treatment.

It has been over a year since we ate here but a groupon set it up.
I had remembered that we liked the food a lot and was happy to try again.
It was 6pm on a Sunday night and they were just about full!
Our waiter, an older gentleman, took good care of us, he was quite busy but he didn't overlook us.
The bread, which I had remembered to be very good, still was, hot, soft focacia served with a small plate of olive oil and balsamic vinegar.
It was already poured and it had more vinegar than we wanted.
We ordered ravioli di pollo e portobello (chicken and mushrooms) and linguini vongole, cozze, e calamari (mussels, clams and squid), both $17.
The ravioli were delicious, 6 of them in a creamy mushroom sauce, and the linguini were covered in jet black mussel shells, small white clam shells and squid rings in a tomato based broth.
I ordered the red rather than the white sauce.
They put on as much parmesan cheese as you wanted, even if excessive!
I am taking away a half star for the pre-poured oil and vinegar and for the pre-grated cheese.
Our waiter did everything you would want except smile and show a bit of personality.
This is not a complaint but an observation.
Arrivederci is a 4.5 star restaurant with moderate prices and a lovely ambiance.

Love this place!!
The food is fantastic, service is always friendly and feels very local - but high-end at the same time.
Excellent live music in the bar and outstanding happy hour with great prices, great selection and high quality.
Martinis here are incredible!
Pizzas are made in a real wood fired oven on site from scratch and are amazing!
Dinners are clearly made from scratch from old world recipes and are fantastic.
I would highly recommend this place on all fronts - it's one of my all time Ahwatukee favorites!

I don't know why I never reviewed this one on Yelp.
I have only ever done it on Open Table.
Maybe I am being sub-consciously selfish because I don't ever want them to not have room for me when I wish to go.
This is my "go to" neighborhood Italian restaurant.
My husband gave me 2 choices late yesterday and, of the 2, I chose this.
We have been there regularly and they are always very accommodating.
Last night we split the eggplant parmesan  appetizer - very flavorful and cut very thin.
We each had some hearty minestrone soup followed by this "melt in your mouth" lamb osso bucco.
It has been on special before but I have always ignored it.
While seating us, a plate for another table went by and it just looked so good, I had to break down and try it.
I wish I had a way with words to describe how very tasty it was.
It was served with fettucini (which I believe they make their own pastas) in the osso bucco sauce.
I couldn't finish mine and asked to have it boxed.
We kept waiting and finally I had to ask the waiter where my left-overs went.
He went to check and they had accidentally trashed them but before he came back to tell me, the kitchen had already started on making me a whole dinner to take home.
I didn't ask and I would not have asked - they just did it.
That is good management and caring about your customers.
In the past, my husband has enjoyed their various fishes and I have always enjoyed their veal.
Sauces are good; pasta is always cooked perfectly.
My favorite of all time though they only do on special occasions like Christmas Eve or Mother's Day, and then only if they can get the proper ingredients, is the diver scallops and shrimp in a champagne sauce over linquini.
It was chancy for me to try as I do not generally like scallops unless they are fried, but these had a great sear and were cooked to perfection.
Do by all means try this place - just don't get in my way - LOL.

I would like to thank Groupon for introducing us to this gem of a restaurant in good ol' Ahwatukee.
We went on a busy Friday night, and were seated immediately.
The water we got right off the bat had cucumbers in it - which reminded me of the movie "The Other Guys", and it was tasty enough that I didn't order a beverage.
Our waiter recommended the grilled eggplant appetizer, which, up to this point in my 36 years, is the best eggplant I've ever had.
The fresh marinara served on top of it was nothing to scoff at, also some of the best I've ever had.
For the main course I got the spicy penne w/ chicken and sausage, what was most impressive about this was the serving size.
I had enough for a full meal on Saturday for lunch, and it was better the day after once the flavors had time to marry.
The wife got the veal picatta - and said it was probably the best she had ever had outside of Italy.
The complimentary flatbread was warm and delicious, and their homemade gelato was the perfect capper.
We were waited on by the GM, who had a great sense of humor and was was one of the 1st waiters EVER to happily take our groupon - explaining that he's happy to know his marketing is working.
Go check this place out, groupon or not!
MOLTO BUONO!

Mr. C and I met a friend at this restaurant a few weeks ago for happy hour in the bar area.
We ordered the calamari, the sliders and the mussels and clam dish.
I really enjoyed the seafood dishes.
They were very good.
In fact, the whole table was dipping bread the leftover sauce!
(Yum!
)    I personally didn't care for the sliders, but my husband gobbled them up!
The reason I'm totally my rating at four stars is because the group that played that night was terrible.
Honestly, I felt like I was being standoffish to the rest of my party because I couldn't hear my husband who was sitting next to me, let alone our friend's friends who sat across the table!
Another thing that bothered me is that this group didn't have a solid repertoire.
One moment they're playing Beatles (which they butchered) then they played "Everybody Was Kung Fu Fighting.
"  (SERIOUSLY!?
At an Italian restaurant???
)  Because we met our friend for happy hour, we plan to return another time and use our restaurant.com coupon, and sit in the dining room rather than the bar.

I came here over the weekend with a group of family and friends to celebrate my bday.
We came here because it was close to the resort we were staying at, and it had rather good reviews.
I really enjoyed the quaint nature of the atmosphere, and we had no hassles when I had to push back the reservation an hour.
Overall the service was speedy and friendly.
The food was really tasty but some of the portions were on the small side.
Overall we had a pleasant experience here and I'm glad we got to try it out.
I do feel like the prices are a little on the steep side for what we received.

I came here with my fiance's family for dinner and a little casual celebration.
The food was fantastic and the service was good.
The only down side is that the place is a bit noisy, and a little crowded.
People kept bumping into my chair as they passed, and while it's not overly loud, forget about holding a quiet private conversation.
I had one of their specials that day, a shrimp ravioli, which was exceptional, with nice sized pieces of shrimp cut up into the sauce.
The chef seems to really know what he's doing.

what more can you ask for?
i thought the food was amazing and it's a great place for a nice evening out with friends or loved ones.
loved their bread with olive oil and their pasta pescatore is wonderful..

Very good and it always seems to have a groupon deal.

We bought a groupon for this place.
The food was good but it was very loud and although we had made a reservation we got less than prime seating.
It was hard to talk because of the noise and because we had people on either side of us about a foot away.
It is okay for  a groupon but I would not go back otherwise.

We dined here two nights ago for the first time (thank you, Groupon!
) and had no expectations.
I loved that their happy hour offers all their wines sold by the glass for $5.00 which is a great way to try something different.
The service was great, staff was friendly, the bread was to die for, and the food was fabuous!
We will definitely be back as we have plans to eat our way through the menu and try everything!!

Husband chose this place for our Saturday night date night and from the reviews on Yelp we thought it would have been a hit.
We go out every Saturday night to a different restaurant and this has been the saddest experience to date.
Main reason for my low rating is the service was HORRIBLE and the portion sizes were surprisingly small for an Italian Restaurant.
The waiter brought me the wrong side dish and when brought to his attention he said oh let me grab you some pasta (I did not order a side of pasta).
Never were we asked how our meal was and when the waiter delivered our check he asked if we had a groupon??
when I said no his response was "oh good".
There are many other places (including Italian) to eat at and I am writing this review to let others know not to waste there time going here.

We decided to have dinner on a Friday evening.
It was pretty busy but then again it was Friday evening and coupled with the GroupOn fervor it does brings people in.
They do have a Happy Hour from 5 to 7 and live music certain days of the week, but there is separate section devoted to the Happy Hour crowd.
We ordered the Melenzana Arrivederci (Rolled Eggplant filled with spinach & four cheese, served with tomato sauce and pasta).
The eggplant was ok but lacked flavor and the pasta was very inferior with the tomato sauce that was meh....  Also at $16, I would expect alot better.
We also ordered the Penne Alla Pepe e Nero, which was Penne in a lemon black pepper cream sauce with sausage, chicken and eggplant.
Pretty big portion but at $18 it was a fair price.
However, the sauce lacked a fresh lemon flavor and seemed more like a mustard in it for some reason or might have been overpowered with the pepper.
I understand all the pasta and sauce is made in house but the quality seemed like out of a box.
For dessert we ordered the cheese cake which was nothing great to write about either.
Giving it two starts because the service was good and so was our server, otherwise it deserves only a single star.
Even with a GroupOn, there are many good choices around for good Italian Food and will not return.

Impressionante!
La mia famiglia fidanzate viene qui tutto il tempo e ho incontrato i suoi genitori per la prima volta qui.
Grande esperienza.
Alimenti, happy hour, e il servizio sono ottimi.
consiglio vivamente.
Haaaa!
Italian yo!
Put it into a translator.
But seriously the places is awesome.

Almost a year since we last ate here and not much has changed.
With a four star rating that's not a bad thing.
I noticed, depending on what you order, the size of the portions vary but in general were good sized.
I had chicken (large lovely and well cooked breast) and my wife had veal (3 rather thin pieces), both accompanied by a small portion of sauced penne pasta.
I thought the tomato based sauce on my pasta didn't have much flavor character, too bland for me.
A big disappointment was the bread.
They used to bake their own very tasty flat-bread in the pizza oven, but now just an average Italian bread was served.
Service is still very good, prices still moderate with majority of dishes going between $14 to $20 and some specials between $24 to $28.
The dip for the bread was still a mix of balsamic vinegar and olive oil and I had to ask for oil alone.
Pregrated cheese still there, but I would come back and order chicken rather than veal.
The atmosphere is still lovely, allthough the leather booth seating is beginning to crack and needs some repair.
I say give it a try, I will again.

While visiting friends in the Phoenix area, they took me here for my final evening together.
I thought the food was amazing.
I'm a plain guy so did the meatballs and pasta and it was out of this world.
Friend had Chicken Marsala and I have no idea how they get chicken that tender.
Service was on point and with a great sense of humor.
Will definitely request to go back on my next visit.

I was a little suspect when we first approached the restaurant, in a strip mall with a funky parking lot.
I was assured the food was superb, so with a little trepidation walked in.
It was dark, but not too dark, we had reservations, even though it was not a full house.
They sat 3 big guys at a small cafe table, it soon became apparent that we could not fir and neither could our extensive food and beverage order.
They sat us at much larger table, without hesitation.
Kelly our waiter was attentive but not to much, he knew the food well, and was helpful with all our questions.
I had the Eggplant Arrivederci, it was amazing, as well as everything else.
There is no question in my mind, in the words of Arnold "I will be back".

Food was fresh and simple, as Italian is best.
Didn't order any appetizers, but eggplant Parmagiana was delicious!

I am really quite surprised at the high reviews for this establishment.
They truly don't deserve it!
I purchased a coupon for this restaurant through my work (after checking the Yelp reviews, of course) so we were excited to give them a try but were sorely let down.
When we arrived the first thing I noticed was the place was empty at 6pm.
Well that's not a good sign!
We waited for one of the employees to acknowledge us between their laughter and chatter between each other.
Once being taken to our table we looked at the menu and couldn't believe the prices; they were extremely high.
I told my boyfriend, its a good thing we have a coupon, this better be some dang good Italian food!
Due to the high prices, we decided to share an appetizer and an entree, surely it would be plenty, it's an Italian restaurant!
It took about 25 minutes for our appetizer of meatballs to arrive and when it did my boyfriend and I just looked at each other.
There were about 6 tiny meatballs swimming in some marinara.
I was expecting huge meatballs like what you get at Oregano's...nope, not even close!
So we ate, and unfortunately the dish was nothing special.
They tasted like they were from a frozen bag.
As we were waiting for our entree I had been needing more water but regardless of the empty restaurant no one was checking on us.
We waited for our entree another 20 minutes after that.
Why was it taking so long?
We were the only ones in the dining room.
We finally received our entree.
What the hell!
It was just about the same size as our appetizer!!!
There were three small rolls of pasta.
Seriously?
Did someone eat the other 3/4 of it back in the kitchen?
We ate those in about literally a minute and then tried to scarf down some bread to help fill our stomachs.
And the worst part, it wasn't that good.
At this point I finally was given more water.
Needless to say we would never come back here.
Why pay such ridiculous prices for tiny portions of pretentious food with a side of crappy service?
No thanks, I'll head over to Oregano's or RigaTonys!

The food was decent.
The server was nice.
But the place had a weird vibe.
It has low Lighting and it's run down.
It's also not kid friendly.
There is no kids menu and our server only took our order; we had to call him back to order for her.

Stopped in their tonight and had a Fantastic meal.
Lamb Osso Bucco that fell off the bone over Fettuccine.Had a nice ice cold Moretti  amber beer and a glass of really nice Chianti with my meal .Had the   homemade chocolate tiramisu for dessert and it was over the top.
Ate at the bar and my server (Joe?
) was great.
nice gem of a place in ahwatukee

Been here many times through the years.
Warm atmosphere and enjoyable happy hours.
Often live entertainment on a weekday or two and on weekends as well.
Food quality is good and most meals are prepared well, served hot and commonly very good service.
Like any restaurant, some dishes are better than others... and a select few are pretty wow!
Overall, very good Italian for Phoenix... yes, I am from NY NY so I have been Super spoiled when it comes to truly amazing Italian food.

Bought a groupon for this place, knowing how good the food is since I had been here before!
$20 for $40 worth of food.
The groupon stated you must call in advance by phone (not on open table) and make a resv to use the groupon.
It also said one groupon per table and there were 2 couples that went here that evening.
When I called the day before our dinner I was told by a man on the phone (sounded Italian...but then again, everyone at this place sounds Italian and I think they fake that accent, by the way!
) there is no need for a resv for 4 at 6:30 PM..."just come-a in-a (that's the Italian accent).
"  So that is what we did.
And WHEN we got there the place was pretty much packed!!
The first question out of the host's mouth, "Ummm....do you-a have a reservation?
"  I nearly lost it.
However, after my 1.5 min rant about TRYING to make a resv in advance, they quickly seated us at a table for 4....in the crammed, wee corner of the place right by the front door and host station and in front of the line where servers pick up food.
But at least it was a table!
The server was friendly.
We had brought a dozen cupcakes to celebrate my friend's birthday and they stored them for us in the back since the table was the size of my hand.
We ordered a bottle of sangiovese....that came with a screw top cap (not corked) and was so so.
I had the penne pasta with chicken and vodka sauce.
Pretty good and HUGE portion (took most of it home).
Mid way through dinner my husband looked over his left shoulder and then pointed out the 3 inch cockroach crawling on the floor about 4 feet away from our tiny table!!
Ewwwwwwww.
I know every restaurant has cockroaches but it was gross.
We did not order dessert because we had the cupcakes and we couldn't stop thinking about the cockroach.
Server was kind enough to let us use BOTH groupons, even though it did state one per table.

Food - 5.0 Service - 7.0 Management - 0.0  A big disappointment.
I brought my wife and kids here knowing I had a Groupon for $40.
It's Mother's Day.
We hadn't eaten here before, so a Groupon is a great incentive to try something new.
When we arrived it was less than half full at around 6pm.
Atmosphere was ordinary, but it appeared that they were professional.
Cloth napkins and table clothes and well dressed staff.
We ordered our food, which included wine, and rang up at tab just over $100.
The food was nothing to write home to mom about, but it wasn't terrible.
The quality didn't match the prices, however we knew we had our Groupon, so it made it all palatable.
That is until we tried to pay and explained we had a Groupon, but I let him know I would still be tipping on the pre-Groupon total.
He frowned and said that they don't take Groupon's on holidays.
Having used many Groupons prior at other places, I always check the Fine Print before going.
The only restriction it showed was that it couldn't be used during happy hour or in conjunction with other coupons.
I showed the waiter this and he still gave me the heisman pose.
I asked to speak to the manager, thinking this must be a mistake, and to my great surprise, the manager held his ground stating this was Groupon's policy in the Fine Print.
I showed him that it said nothing about "holidays," and he too stood his ground.
I decided to take the high ground and save myself and my family further embarrassment and paid the tab (still tipped the waiter well since it wasn't his fault, per se), and here I write.
Long story short, what a hustle and great disappointment.
Not a great way to get a return customer who racks up $100 tabs for pasta.
I've never seen a manager who would choose not only a battle that was wrong, but knowing that we would never return.
I do not suggest supporting this establishment.
This is my first YELP writeup.

Food was exceptionally good - that's the reason for 2 stars instead of 1 star.
However.
Big however here folks...  Jamie, the manager, who was our waiter, was off the charts ridiculous.
He was dropping f-bombs and swearing like a sailor assuming we would be warm to that?!?!?
He made us feel EXTREMELY uncomfortable.
Also, I would go as far to say that given the dilation of his pupils - he was either on coke or crank.
The last straw was when he insulted my wife and I as he was giving us our check.
Wtf ?!?!
Won't be back.

My son and I had dinner at Arrivederci's the other night.
The overall vibe is more of a quiet date destination.
We got there right as they opened so it was nice and quiet.
I was surprised that they were not ready for customers.
We did not receive bread for over a half hour and the first basket they brought was actually burnt.
We had the grilled eggplant as an appetizer and it was delicious.
My son had the Pollo Parmigiano and of course, as a teenage it devoured it :-) I ordered one of the chefs special that include Italian sausage and chicken in a penne pasta.
It was good but a little salty.
Overall I would return but would ensure I did so at a later time in the evening.

For food, I think the place is overrated.
For a wine bar with occasional live entertainment it's a green light.
On the restaurant side tho, I ordered lobster ravioli which was a featured dish at the time.
Did I taste any chunks of lobster?
No.
Were they overstuffed?
Not even close.
The vodka sauce was tasty but no lobster chunks there either.
If you want a salad it is a separate dish to pay for.
This lobster ravioli was priced around $21.
Was there $21 worth of food there?
Absolutely not.
The portion to price ratio is VERY skimpy.
I have had a better portion in a can of Chef Boyardee.
OWNER: if you are reading this, you need to invest in a warming drawer.
I have been to your restaurant twice now and both times the food has arrived bordering on COLD.
It's the least you can do for people dropping $20+.
Please serve it hot, (this shouldn't be much to ask for?).
Nice small, cozy, environment but the tables are very close together.
About average service.
You will get more for your money and a bit tastier at Buca Di Beppo across the freeway.
I won't be back here, I cannot stand cold pasta dishes and really don't enjoy throwing hard earned money away on mediocre meals.

