Casual, affordable, family-owned fast-food restaurant with mostly Japanese food, but some Chinese selections.
As far as fast food goes, this place rocks.
The food is consistently good, the staff is friendly and it's very affordable to eat here.
There's plenty of parking, indoor and outdoor seating and the place is really clean.
What's on the menu?
Teriyaki chicken, katsu bowls, fried rice, california rolls, mongolian beef to name a few of my favorites.
They are really accomodating here as well.
You can ask for spicy, extra spicy, not spicy at all...white meat chicken, dark meat chicken.

For authentic exceptional Japanese Cuisine, this is a great place.
I love the Mom and Pop feel of the place and the family that owns it are the sweetest people.
All the dishes were tasty, even the side salad had this incredible cinnamon dressing.
Plan to make this a regular spot.
No surprise that this place has been here for 18 years!
Trust me...
I am asian.
This is a great place to eat.

I have been eating here for years, since I was a kid actually, and know the owners.
They are nice, hardworking folks that strive to make the best quality meal for you.
Think Kyoto bowl, but with better portions and more selection.
Everything is fresh and flavorful, with very reasonable prices.
My favorites to get here are the katsu bowl and the house chicken.
So if you are in the mood for fast-food Japanese/Chinese, Teriyaki Kitchen is an excellent choice.

This place is soooo good.
I can't believe more people have not discover this place.
Food is great,  but the price is even better.

Great food!
Great prices!
Awesome environment.
Looking out the window at Guadalupe Road almost makes you feel like you're at a diner in Tokyo.I'll be coming back for sure!

Another a+ mom and pop place, the owners are so cute!
They are super nice and offered water to me when I was waiting for my food.
The teriyaki chicken was really good, so good I thought I needed to write a review while I ate.
I love that there's tons of chicken and tons of great teriyaki sauce.
The price is good too.

Yummo!!!!
Went there today with the whole family.
The Bento box with teriyaki chicken was great.
Then the owner suggested the house chicken.....yummy, yummy!
The bento box comes with one egg roll, crab puff, rice and the chicken...Wait it doesn't stop there!
A salad and a house soup was also included.
Will be going back.....We need more Mom and Pop kitchen like this...No frills just great food!

Hands down 5 stars, did not even need to think twice about it.
(this does not happen often).
Ginormous menu and low prices.
We had spare ribs, orange chicken, rice and our meals also came with egg drop soup AND salad and we also got two orders of crab puffs  all for $20 freakin bucks.
everything was deeeelicious.
i mean everything.
nothing but silence as we ate.
The man working while we were there was just a delight, he was helpful, nice( some kid(who was clearly under the influence of something) told this poor guy his whole life story, let him use the restaurant phone and changed out $11 in change to give him dollar bills) and funny(he just had this grin on his face the whole time the kid was telling him his problems) hahahah... it was def entertainment while eating.
Also i love that it is like a fast food kind of joint, but the decor inside does not represent that.
i highly recommend!

This place is rated high for many reasons previously stated in other reviews, and rightly so, but let me add one more.
The service I experienced today was a mixture of patience and courtesy.
The front staff were very much professional in having to wait on me to finally pick my selection amidst all there was to offer.
I will visit this place more frequently in the future.

The best rice bowl restaurant I have ever been to!
I have been coming to this place for 20 years now, and not only has the quality of the food stayed at the top of its class, but the mom & pop run employees are friendly and efficient.
Great alternative to traditional fast food.
Only thing Ive never understood: ever since I was 4 years old, in coming here, I have never seen more than 2 other people in the restaurant.
I have no idea how they have kept their doors open like that, but I suppose Im going to have to file that under "don't know, don't care.

Realizing I wrote a review for Magic Wok under Teriyaki Kitchen, I wanted to say a few quick words about this place before my accidental review is read by too many people.
This is an old-school place.
The food is pretty good, the prices decent, and it is close by.
It is the sort of place that I can see using for carry-out from time to time.
Service was decent, and it is a clean place, though nothing fancy.
I had Sukiyaki, and it was okay.
My wife, however, had the katsu chicken and it was really great.
I plan to go back and try some of their other dishes and update the review as quickly as possible.

Teriyaki chicken was nothing special.
Curry chicken just wasn't good.
California rolls were huge.
Almost too big really.
Maybe it was an off day, but I just wasn't really impressed.
Won't be coming back here again.
However, decor was really nice, and the service was top notch as well :D

This place is true authentic Teriyaki Japanese food.
You can order a bowl, medium plate, or bento.
I went with the bento because you can order another dish and then get a little bit of teriyaki chicken.
Another great thing, is that they do white meat chicken for another addition $1.
The only negative about this is it seems like their A/C was not running that fully.
That is why I went from 5 to 4 star.
They keep the windows blinds open, so its really warm near the windows.
The window area is where they have tables.

Teriyaki Kitchen isn't what we expected...
Decorated in a clean Japanese theme with an outdoor herb garden, chimes, and fountains, they pipe in smooth jazz while the owner, donned in golf apparel and his beautiful wife take orders and serve customers.
They've been in business for 23 years and you'll see why when you visit.
Our only complaint is that the chicken is cut into tiny, almost hard to deal with, pieces.
Be sure to get your order "Bento" with rice, egg role, crab puff, salad, and soup for the average low-low price of $8!

My chicken was so plain.
I was upset with it.
It was just teriyaki chicken.
Hard to mess up.
I doubt ill be back.
It is a relaxing place tho.
Just dont go for the food.

My daughter and I, plus my two year old grandson, came here for dinner tonight.
We were across the street at the Goodwill after picking him up at his children's center and scrapped our plan to go to Arizona Mills because it was getting late and came here instead.
I recognized the place when we walked in and remembered coming here several years ago with my mother and husband and had good food.
Tonight was no disappointment.
The owners couldn't have been more patient regarding our tired, noisy toddler, and to them I apologize.
Our food was excellent, flavorful and not overly salty as some teriyaki can be.
The salad and soup were especially enjoyable.
I'm not a big eggroll fan but theirs were really good and the crab puff was one of the best I'd ever eaten.
I look forward to  coming back here, hopefully this trip but definitely anytime I'm in town, and perhaps without the tired child next time so I can relax and enjoy a little more and not chase away other customers.

The Happy Family has owned and operated this wonderfully consistent casual Japanese eatery for 23 years.
Clean, friendly and most of all, the food is made to order and is delicious!
Very neat indoor dining area with a very long "group" table in the center of the room.
There is also a separate dining area and a very cool jungle patio also available.
The menu is diverse and has a lot to choose from.

THE BEST crab puffs, hands down.

Best teriyaki in Phoenix this place is awesome it has a huge menu and its all good.
Peter the owner is so nice.
Not to mention they are clean and on the deans list for and a+ cleanliness.
Clean and delicious is a hard combo to find these days

I go here with my husband about once or twice a month and that's a lot for us.
Always good service and good food.

Great 'mom & pop' spot.
I always come here and I've never had a bad experience.
The place looks to be an old Filiberto's building but the inside is really nice.
The plants, decor, music, and the sound of running water from a little fountain makes this place very relaxing and comforting.
I've tried a few different things on the menu and while not everything is great, the teriyaki chicken is on point.
Never fails me.
Plus the owners are always nice.
This is one of those places that I default to when I can't decide on where to have my lunch.

Great quick food!
Family is always there making great food.
Homemade teriyaki sauce is awesome.
Try the Phoenix chicken for a little spice.

My husband,  son, and I were out and about when we realized we were all hungry.
We happened upon this little mom and pop place and decided to give it a try.
My husband and I both got the Bento Combo.
He got lemon chicken and I opted for the curry chicken.
For about $9 you get teriyaki chicken, another entrée,  an eggroll, salad, crab puff, and soup.
The teriyaki chicken was excellent.
The meat was tender and the sauce was delicious.
My husband's lemon chicken was amazing!
I wanted to keep stealing bites.
Their curry chicken is just right.
Not overwhelmingly spicy, seasonings just right.
This was my 1 year old's favorite dish.
The soup and salad were nice and the eggroll was pretty good too.
My husband enjoyed the crab puffs.
The restaurant is nicely decorated and the woman working the front was very sweet.
My only gripe was having to pay 35 cents if I wanted to refill my small soda.
We'll definitely be back if we find ourselves in the area.

Dropped in by off chance when we were out and about and sure was glad I did.
The place has a unique fusion of japan and ikea for decoration.
The food was just great.
My wife had curry chicken and i chose the bento box with lemon chicken and teriyaki chicken.
Everything was just amazing.
If you are in the are I would definatly recomnend.

Been going here off and on for many years.
This isn't as close to home as it once was, so before today it had been a long time since my last visit.
Can't believe how consistently good their teriyaki chicken is!!!
If you're looking for healthy options you can get white meat & brown rice; plus they have other low carb options (haven't tried them but they're available).
5 stars all the way!

We were in the vicinity around dinner & I checked yelp for reviews.
With a 4 star review I thought there is no going wrong!
Well... we didn't like it much.
Tried the teriyaki chicken & house chicken bowl.
The Oishi or Sarku @the mall are far far better.
I guess tastes differ a lot & there are obviously people who like this place.
Ambiance is funky, a little tacky but cute.
Food is inexpensive, so can't complain as long as you don't hurt your tummy.

Ordered the chicken bowl and the chicken was extremely dry.
The rice and sauce was okay.

Great place.
Nice little patio retreat just outside the door by the pick up area.
Food was delicious.
We will be back.

