I stopped by here for a few quick things during a weekday at lunch time.
I didn't have to wait in line at all, parking is easy and plentiful, the store is well organized and prices are clearly marked, and store associates are friendly and helpful.
No complaints here.
Bring your coupons :)

My six year old blender finally died a few months back in a spectacular smoothie explosion/smoke out and I had been wanting to replace it with something fancier but not too fancy.
I only needed a machine that would blend smoothies and an occasional blended drink.
After much online research and agonizing over whether I would make a mistake and purchase a blender that would disappoint, I decided on the Ninja NJ600 Pro Blender.
Luckily, I had a 20% coupon to use as Bed, Bath, and Beyond so my decision on where to purchase was made.
After work I drove on down to the BBB and was pleasantly surprised to find it not to crowded.
The inside of the store was laid out nicely and it was easy to find the blender/food processor area.
I found the last Ninja blender on the shelf and clutched it to my chest in victory.
Since I hadn't been to this BBB previously, I decided to stick around and peruse their other wares.
They had some really nice knife sets and some fancy plates I liked.
Unfortunately, my hands were full with my blender and I had to pass.
Checking out was easy, breezy and I was able to use my 20% coupon with no hassles.
I'd recommend this BBB if you know what you want as it is easy to get in and out.
I can only imagine what it looks like on the weekend when shoppers are crazed with indecision.
(Side note: I can happily say that I've used the blender twice now (smoothies and pina coladas) with great results.
I think I am in love - just don't tell my husband.

This store really does have a terrific selection in the way of home goods and I can eventually find what I am looking for when I come here, but with that said, I find their floor to ceiling merchandising kind of off-putting.
I think there has to be a compromise between a shishi poopoo boutique that has  only a few over-priced items in a cavernous space and stores that cram their stores with tons of merchandise to maximize their sales per square foot.
Unfortunately BB&B trends towards the latter and it can be kind of overwhelming to find what you are looking for with so much stuff everywhere.
Fortunately this store has a lot of helpful staff to direct you to area that you are looking for and you have to love their omnipresent 20% off coupons.
They have even accepted my coupons that expired years prior so even though I dislike their mountainous walls of merchandise I have to say that I am a fan,

