I love Port of Subs but this location seems like their ingredients are not as fresh.
The bread maybe is a little old but I am not for sure.
It stinks because this is my favorite sub sandwich place and when I go to the I-17 & Thunderbird or 19ave & Deer Valley location the sandwich is always great.
I always get the peppered pastrami on wheat with the mayo-mustard mixture (its addictive as crack).
So when I go out of my way to stop here when I am in the area it is a let down and yesterday was no exception.
I hope they improve things here so I can feed my addiction when I need to.

At first I wasn't a huge fan of this Port of Subs - or any for that matter.
But as happens occasionally convenience trumped all else and I ended up eating a sandwich from here about once every couple of weeks.
It took a few trips worth of trying different sandwiches before I found the one to my liking, none were bad per se; but now that I have a favorite I haven't changed it in almost a year.
In my book fresh sliced meet always beats out the pre-sliced stuff at Subway.
Add to that fresh assortment of vegetables like you can find anywhere else and you've got a passable sandwich.
The location is often busy at the expected times and the restaurant itself is nothing special, but if you are looking for a good sandwich without having to leave north Scottsdale in search of a Blimpies or Mr. Goodscents this place will do.
For my money it's the #18 on wheat with the mayo/mustard mix, black olives, pickles, lettuce and tomatoes.
Yum.

I used to go to this place all the time but it seemed to be run by drug smoking hippies.
You would order, they would lose focus, you would re-order, and it repeated.
If they got the order correct you would be amazed.
I ventured back and no more drug smoking hippies.
Service was friendly, sandwich was as ordered, and I only had to ask for it once.
Totally shocked.
I'm hoping the real staff wasn't just vacationing in Colorado and I just got lucky.
I'm actually going to go back and have another sandwich there so we'll see.

The only reason I am giving two stars is because I love the subs, but the service at this particular one sucks.
I asked for jalapeños and they only put 4 individual slices on a 12" sub.
Next they failed to charge me for a second meal deal so I had to pay extra for that.
Finally my wife went to throw some trash away and heard the workers talking s#!t about us while we were eating in the store.
I will never go back to this store ever even if I have to drive 5 miles or more out of my way just to avoid going to this store.

I paid $14 for the two worst smoothies I have ever had in my life.
All I tasted was powder.
The girls that worked there had issues with English and the concept of "dairy and egg free" in one of them.
I am almost positive they put dairy in that one because my throat started itching and swelling after about 1/4 of it.
My wife's tasted like "old bubblegum" and it was supposed to be chocolate.
Both were thrown out immediately.
They have the most ridiculously confusing menu I have ever seen and figuring out ingredients is a nightmare.
Stick to Jamba Juice

