I've eaten at Pizza Huts all over Phoenix and all across the United States.
While this chain doesn't produce a pizza that would compete with one served to the gods on Mount Olympus,  you can usually be assured of a decent pizza at a reasonable price.
At this particular Hut in Anthem I have "dined-in" and "ordered-out".
The dining room is small and pleasant but best of all, the service was superb.
We have also picked up pizza here and taken it home to eat.
Most of the time the pizza has been OK.
Unfortunately the last time we ordered out, we ordered a "thick crust super supreme"... which turned out to be far from super.
It was primarily a piece of flat bread with what appeared to be an artists rendering of what a pizza should look like from directly over head.
There was very little in the way of any real toppings on it.
It was just a tomato red color with some faint impressions of pepperoni, onion, peppers and some of the other normal condiments.
I am hoping this was just a one time slip and not an attempt on the part of Pizza Hut to cut costs by eliminating the volume of most of the toppings.
This was one of the "specials" that Pizza Hut runs periodically where you can get any size pizza for ten dollars.
I would rather spend more money and get a real pizza rather than a facsimile of a pizza.
Pizza Hut is usually a solid Yelp three star dining establishment, but on this one particular visit, it sunk to 1 1/2 stars.
As I previously stated, I hope this one time was an aberration.
I will try one more time... but only one more time; if the product turns out as abysmal as this last one was, I will go elsewhere in the Anthem area for pizza.
We shall see.

I don't even know how they can call this pizza!
The thin crust is like eating cardboard... disgusting

We have ordered pizza from this location on several occasions.
We have dined in and picked up our own pizza.
Our orders have been wrong, we have had comlpetely empty boxes delivered to our home and then when we reported it to the store was told we were lying about it.
We actually had to drive to the store and show them the empty box with no grease stains to prove there had never been a pizza in the box.
Then last night we ordered a cheese and pepperoni pizza in the big box deal.
Out of 9 people in our household, 8 people ate the pizza.
7 got violently ill with in 20-30 minutes of eating it.
The 8 person was a 2 year old that only ate breadsticks.
I can not believe the lack of customer service when you call this Pizza Hut.
I called to get the corporate number.
Beverly answered the phone and advised she would need my information and she was only following procedure.
Refused to give me any information or help what so ever.
I have reported this incident to the Health dept to have them investigate this Pizza Hut.
Apparently it is a Franchis and Director is Trevor Kyte.
Well Trevor I hate to say this but you are running a very poor establishment and have lost our business completely.

Food....always hot and correct.
Salad bar buffet is limited but good for the money.
Ambiance....your typical Pizza Hut.
Staff....I've had good and bad.
Verdict....I'm not a huge fan of pizza but this Pizza Hut is worth a try when in the mood.

= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =  The good news:  This medium sized restaurant is nice inside and has comfortable booths as well as tables.
The Lunch Buffet starts at 11:30 and today featured a good selection of 15 items on the Salad Bar plus 5 dressings.
For hot offerings there was a pasta dish with white sauce which was ok after being perked up with some salt & Parmesan Cheese, and 3 large pizzas at a time, each made 1/2 & 1/2 with two different sets of toppings & both regular and thin crust choices.
There was also a dessert pizza and two kinds of bread sticks plus Marinara Sauce for the non-Cinnamon flavored ones.
Also a plus was that they cut the slices narrow (about 2") and that they loaded them up well with toppings.
(See my photo of a slice with Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, tomato, mushrooms, Bell Pepper and olives.
)  Ok, the not-so-good news:  I'm a big Cottage Cheese fan, but what they had here, although fresh tasting, wasn't creamy at all.
("2%"?
)  Worse was the taste of the pizza.
As delicious as the slice in the photo (& the rest of the pizzas) looked, the overall taste was B-L-A-H!
The crust tasted like Bisquick or something.
Whatever it is, they should get rid of it STAT & get some real pizza dough!
The cheese tasted totaly bogus, too, to the point that all the pretty toppings couldn't make up for the basic taste.
:-(  All this has to do with what Corporate is sending them to serve.
The restaurant itself was fine, & there were some nice touches such as paper towel rolls, Parmesan Cheese & red chile flakes all provided on each table.
This particular store would have 5-Star potential if the pizzas tasted as good as they looked.
It IS the best Pizza Hut Buffet in the Valley, & there was enough good here, including the reasonable $5.99 price, to earn it 3 Stars.
:-)

