Dave Z is the manager, Mark is our service guy, Kevin our salesman, Dave the man for parts and Porsche stuff.
Been with them since the late 80s.
They take good care of you here!
Thumbs up!

Have a 911?
Go here to get it right the first time.
You cant go wrong with this dealership

DO NOT BELIEVE these other FAKE 3 Reviews.
Believe mine in which everybody knows that I DO NOT PLAY FAVORITES and I don't GIVE A BLEEP BLEEP.
If you want to go get ripped off take your car to North SNOTSDALE Porsche))LOL  DO NOT and I mean DO NOT TAKE your Porsche or Audi to North Scottsdale or any car to a Penske Dealership in North SNOTSDALE.
YOU will get ripped off big time.
The Porsche store has an hourly rate of 140 which is a complete rip off in itself.
Then if you have 3 or 4 things that need to be done they will not give you any overlapping credit.
Yes, I said it.
Overlapping credit which is a big hidden secret in the industry.
The service department doesn't like to talk about it because if they did they would be leaving millions on the table.
I took my Porsche to an Independant and the same job it was going to take North SNOTSDAlE 9 Hours to do the Independant laughed and said they would put in all 3 parts for 3 hours of work at 85/hour.
UNBELIEVABLE.
Do not Trust these guys Dave Zoloto and Brad Levin and especially don't trust Mike Rothre and Dan in Service.
These guys will LIE right to your face and talk a bunch of nonsense behind your back.
I am just warning everybody.
Don't take your Porsche here.
If you do then go ahead and grab a plunger for yourself because you will need it)))LOL    Again, please do yourself a favor and DO NOT Take your Porsche to these guys.
You will GET RIPPED OFF!!!!!!

So this is a Follow up on my previous review.
DAVE ZOLOTO the all Mighty General Manager called me up the other day begging me to take off my review)))LOL  This is how FAKE MIKE Rothre the Service Manager who is a complete Spoiled Brat Baby and Dave Zoloto are.
Begging me to take off my review so the other 5 star reviews can stand out))LOL  Nice try you guys.
Oh yeah they just thought it would be a nice thing for me to do after the way they treated me.
))LOL  Nice try guys.
Again People, DO NOT TAKE your car to this SERVICE DEPARTMENT unless you bring your plunger and just want to pay a whole lot more.
))LOL  Go ahead and take your plunger though if you want to.
Don't believe me.
Go ahead and believe your bill.
You will be crying in the shower like a little baby like in the movie Suckers))LOL  No that wasn't me.
I didn't pay them a dime because they did not do the work on my car))LOL

Great dealer to work with, if your going in for Sales or for Service...
When it comes to sales I'd highly recommend dealing with Dave Schnirch ..Direct# 480-538-3846 if your looking for a new or used Porsche, this guy is one of the best salesman i've encountered & really knows his stuff & will take his time with you.
As for Service Department Dan Sheridan Direct# 480-538-3892  is an excellent Service advisor & a former Porsche tech so knows what is up,  & is willing to take the time to trouble shoot issues with his customers & will never try to tac on additional repairs as some service mgrs at other dealers usually do.
As for Dave Zoloto (which i believe was finance mgr at the time) , i only talked to him once a couple of years ago & he treated me like i was some young punk that couldn't afford a Porsche & was there to waste his time, total douche as i'm on my 2nd 911...but again maybe he was just having a bad day!
All in all, great dealership to buy from & also get your 911 (when under warranty) serviced there.
***PS*** The angry guy Dion E, below   complaining about paying high hourly rates must be living in La-La land...What do you expect when you take your Porsche to be serviced at the dealer??
Of course rates are high at ANY DEALER, thats how things work genuis, thats why if you can't afford them or want to save you goto an independent mechanic...very unprofessional childish review, look at all his 9 reviews all for dealers & calls all of them thieves & talks about getting ripped off.. not sure how yelp lets people like this stay on, you only leave bad reviews for businesses all over the valley??
what a J erk Off.. the guy probably drives a 1999 Boxster anyways ;)

After visiting many dealerships over the past 6 months, I finally found a car at this dealership!
The people here were very friendly and accommodating.
I test drove several cars before finding one that felt "like it was mine"....so when I found it, I immediately purchased it.
These guys are a class act.
Return Factor - 90%

GO SEE KEVIN CAMPBELL!!!!
He will not disappoint - trust me - we had others disappoint... he goes above and beyond and will get it done.
We built a car with Kevin, he is efficient, kind, attention to detail - thorough and thoughtful.
He takes everything - especially hes customer -- into consideration.
If it wasn't for him Porsche North Scottsdale may have lost.
He's follow-up is professional, you'll have his cell phone, he will respond immediately and is extraordinary in his knowledge of the vehicles -- our Cayenne is awesome!
Also a kudos to Rick in finance - he is not a hard push - just matter of fact.
Kevin Campbell is top notch!
Just picked it up in time for mother's day!
THANKS KEVIN!
We will use you every time!.

I visited Porsche of North Scottsdale on 02/11/14 & was looking at a Pre-owned 911 GT3RS  Sales Associate Mark Siffert began explaining all the Nuances of the car to me & seemed to know everything about the vehicle,  I could tell it is not just a job but a passion with him.
We arranged to meet the next day (it was late) to drive the car & from the moment we drove I was sold!
not at any time was there any pressure from Mark to buy the car, but buy the car I did!
It was the most pleasant experience I have ever had buying a vehicle at a dealership, from start to finish it was like buying a car from good Friends & fellow Porsche enthusiasts, If you are in the market for a new or used Porsche, don't hesitate to drop in, ask for Mark Siffert you will not be sorry, tell him Nick sent you!

Excellent experience purchasing our new and used Porsche vehicles.
We traded in two (2) used Porsche's and received fair value for them.
The service and support provided by Ken Schwagerman and the rest of the Porsche team was excellent.

I purchased a Pre-Owned VW CC from Porsche North Scottsdale.
I had the pleasure of working with Mark Siffert and Brian Miller.
From my first conversation with Mark, to my test drive to sitting in his chair to make the deal was fun, and quick.
I was with my best friend who had questions too and Mark and Brian did everything to make sure we were getting the answers we wanted and the experience was fun.
We closed the deal with Woody (Finance Mgr) who was an absolute delight.
He took his time going over the paperwork and we never felt rushed.
The Sales Manager stop over and said hello and made sure we were happy.
My overall experience was an A+ rating here.
I know that I can contact Mark and Brian if I need anything..   After I left the lot I realized I was missing a hub cap and a quick email to Mark and Brian had a new one waiting for me the next day.
These guys really do care and I will recommend them to all my friends!!!
Thanks so much Mz Sage & Melly!

I just purchased a 2014 911 S Turbo from Porsche of North Scottsdale.
Having owned many Porsches and other high-line automobiles, I am accustomed to a high level of customer care.
PNS got it right on all accounts.
My salesman, Ken Schwagerman, was knowledgeable, respectful of my time, and not the slightest bit pushy.
The dealership was completely fair about my trade-ins.
I am particularly fond of their post-sale follow-up, which is conscientious and low-touch.
I detest the experience with other dealers where you get a million calls begging you to rate the dealership highly on independent surveys.
I am more than happy to recommend Porsche of North Scottsdale.

Meh.
We stopped in yesterday and had a pretty specific car in mind.
Sales guy was nice enough but they tried to push us into a car that while admittedly fairly priced we weren't super enthused about.
I get that we are in the market for an sports car but that doesn't make me a chump.
Also just because we are young doesn't mean we can't afford a Porsche.
Don't bring your dopey manager out to explain to me that they are "expensive cars" when I'm hesitating to buy a vehicle I'm not super interested in.
I know where I am.
I just didn't like the numbers.
All in all a very average corporate dealership experience as we ended up playing "the game" and wasting half a Saturday.
Unfortunately the only new Porsche game in town so they will (eventually) get my business.
Piece of advice for the non-cash buyer: bring your own financing!
Porsche Financial is about half a point to a point too high.
On a purchase this large that's a lot of money you are donating to the Porsche charity.

Steve Schwartz in sales, Rick in finance and Mark Williams in service made my recent trade in/purchase experience really great.
Highly recommend Porsche N Scottsdale!

I understand they are the only Porsche dealer in the valley, but for the first time I have gone to a Porsche dealer and I have felt like a number.
We stopped in to see if we could get a our Porsche washed and take a look at some other vehicles.
They seemed to be perplexed we would ask for a car wash and informed us it would cost money.
This was a first for us.
Overall service was good, but we have gotten better service in other cities.

Purchased a new car with the understanding, multiple emails and conversations over months that I would be in line to acquire another model when the model was available to be ordered.
When the time came to order the other car, was told "special customers" were moved to the head of the line, then discovered there was no line or order to the process.
Dealer later placed the model I wanted on the showroom floor at a significant markup over MSRP.
That model has now been recalled by the manufacturer  on a worldwide basis due to engine issues, as two have burned to the ground, requiring engines to be  replaced.
Went to another Porsche dealer out of state, much better sales experience, without the games.

