The map makes it difficult to tell, but this is almost certainly the main Starbucks at the Desert Ridge Mall.
As it happens there is also a Starbucks inside the Albertson's at one end of the mall and there are Starbucks beverages to be found inside the Barnes & Noble, but the proper Starbucks is easily found toward the movie theater end of the place.
That said, the place is fine.
It's small and slightly cramped, but if you go to that mall during the day when the crowds are small then it's a decent little spot.
Given that it's located in the food-court-like area of the outdoor mall, the seating possibilities are vast, even though the interior is a bit cramped.
The people were always nice, as usual.
A cold Starbucks bev on a hot Phoenix summer day was not a bad way to go.

I have never had any problems at this particular location.
Have gone a few times a week for about 2 years and they were always polite, fast and got my order correct.

Nice Starbucks location in the Desert Ridge Mall it is tiny but they do have La Boulange available.

Never going back to this location!!!
Every time we have gone there (which was a lot and the closest one to us) they mess up our drinks!!!
Carmel macchiato without the carmel.
Pumpkin spice lattes didn't taste right flavors were missing!!
Carmel frappuchino tasted like a whole different drink!!
Ask for iced they make hot, ask for hot they make iced!!!
White chocolate mocha was a regular mocha!!!
Horrible baristas......Never makes the drinks right!!!

Easy to find.
Outside seats are available.
This particular location gets super busy though and is not that big inside so prepare to wait in small tight spaces in line to order/get your order.
The employees are nice and friendly but do work slow especially on busy days.
The bathroom is clean but not that big.

I won't go to this Starbucks location again.
I usually drive through and have been here dozens of times.
One day, my son needed to use the restroom so we went inside.
The restrooms were filthy.
Makes me never want to go to this location again.
I'll stick to the Starbucks in Grayhawk on Thompson Peak Pkwy.

