The soda was flat.
The pizza was decent.
Thin crusted and crispy and delicious.
Not too spicy and not too bland.
The wings were acceptable.
She asked for all drumsticks but we ended up with half and half anyways.
The mozzarella sticks were quite good.
But the soda, was still flat.
Our server was attentive and courteous.
He even brought us new sodas, which were still flat.
There were various sports games on plenty of televisions all over the establishment.
This might have been a selling point if I had any interest at all in watching sports.
All in all it was way too much food, but I had a decent time anyways.
I would go back and order half as much food and an iced tea.

The hubbie and son are wingholics and this is their favorite place for wings.
I will say the New Yorker wings are definitely better than San Tan Brewing Co in Chandler, but I prefer Zipps sweet/hot over New Yorker.
The rest of the New Yorker food offerings are okay, nothing to get excited about.
The Ahwatukee location lost the hubbie and son's business several years ago when their wings were priced differently (higher) than what was on the menu.
The mgr was not willing to honor the menu price, stating wing prices had recently risen and not all the menus were marked or changed, so my hubbie exercised his right to find another New Yorker location.
Since then, Mesa is it since the Chandler/Sun Lakes location has slloooowww service.

I have always enjoyed the wings at these restaraunts, and it is low key and casual.
It's not a sports bar, but there are usually games on the flat screens, so its just a nice wing and beer place.

There are a lot of places in town that specialize in Buffalo Wings so the competition in this field is quite stiff.
That being said, this location of the Native New Yorker tends to be our favorite although they are not consistent in the quality of either their food or their service.
Some nights the wings are big, meaty, and flavourful and other nights they are thin, dry and tasteless.
Service is also sketchy at this location, perhaps because we do not see the same servers over time.
Perhaps they have a high turn over on their wait staff, but some nights the service is excellent and other nights not worth leaving a tip at all.
A nice selection of beers is a major plus, but the prices are tending to be a touch high so we rarely order beer anymore.
Their other menu items are very good including their burgers and sandwiches, the Beef on Weck is probably my favorite by far, this sliced roast beef and cheese on a lovely Kummelweck roll.
Appetizers, and side dishes are quite good as well for the most part.
If you're looking for a typical "sports bar" place to hang out, watch the game and munch, then the Native New Yorker will fill the bill nicely.
They should actually receive 4 stars, but because they are so inconsistent I felt it effected the overall rating.
Perhaps you will visit when they are having a good night.

When the wife and I want wings, we go here.
I don't typically worry about the Tuesday night special.
I just go when we want them, and 99% of the time we do carryout.
It's near the house, I get Honey Hot.
She gets Parmesan, and we've never had a bad experience.
If you like veggies, order extra (and be willing to pay) because they are skimpy on them.
And yes service can be an issue here and I don't see the same people very often.

Went tonight for a takeout order so we could watch Monday Night Football.
Order and paid for extra celery & blue cheese( price went up to $1 each!
)... Got the order and took it home.
The wife wanted to know where the blue cheese was.
There was four celery and ONE blue cheese!
I was pissed and called them.
I drove 3 miles back, and Chelsey who took the order and answered when I called back, told me I was wrong and she personally put three blue cheese in the bag.
Do not ever tell a customer he is a liar.
This is what she did.
I am about ready to call the manager.
My friends do not go here anymore but I've always defended this restaurant.
Tonight makes me want to change my mind.

If you want down to earth American food with relaxing, beer sipping atmosphere, this is it.
We were here after a long active day outside and just wanted a big, hearty meal with beer.
We had the following: Spicy Honey Mustard + Asiago Permesan Dusted chicken wings - they were really dry and totally over done BUT on a different day, they were very juicy and yummy.....so yeah, depends on the day.
Hot Beef and Gravy Sandwich - VERY YUMMY.
This sandwich is so simple, totally easy to make but amazingly great!
*Location = good *Food = yummy.
if you want wings, it's hit and miss depending on the day *Service = average *Price = descent

I walked in and then straight back out.
Also, there was an attack in the parking lot involving a hammer.

I've been to a few other Native New Yorkers in the past few years, and the wings are always pretty good, but not the best in town.
I went in tonight with my girlfriend and it was a pretty bad experience.
After we were seated, our server came by to take our order.
It was happy hour and he had no idea what kind of premium beers were on tap, so I just ordered a Coors Light to be safe.
We also ordered an order of wings and a water at that time.
It took about 5 minutes for him to return with my beer and water.
About 10 minutes later he came back to take our food order, and I figured that the wings would be right out.
About 15 minutes after that, I flagged him down and asked about the wings, and he told us they would be right out.
He finally brought the wings out, and like I said, they were pretty good.
A couple minutes later he brought the pizza out, and we had only finished a couple of wings.
The pizza wasn't bad, and it was pretty big for being the special of the night.
So, we filled up pretty fast and had to wait another 20 minutes for the check to come.
It was a pretty good value for what we got, $20 for a pizza, a dozen wings and two beers.
The server seemed to be new, but still it wasn't busy at all to compensate for the extremely sloooowwww service.

Always great wings.
I went to watch UFC with some friends.
Staff is friendly drinks a plenty.
good staff @ this loc.
no complaints.
my compliments

Native wings rock they are one of my favorite places in the valley as they have a great variety and always are great.
Last night I went to go watch the BCS Championship game and get some wings and they had a pizza special $6.99 for a 14" cheese pie so we got that too.
All the food was great and the game was on every tv along with ample volume.
Overall a great time and great food.
Thanks Native

The bar of this place is the part you need to hang out in if you go here.
The front dining area is lame so i was hesitant to even go in the back and check out the bar.
However, i was rather surprised.
Nice big area..with a crap load of t.v's.
Good happy hour prices.
B/f tried about 6 different kinds of the wings(the day we went each wing was 39 cents) they have all different kinds of sauces, hot, strawberry, garlic, orange etc.. he was not that impressed with them(he eats a lot of wings, sl his expectations are just a little high) i thought they were alright.
the pizza was however, very good..better than the wings.
i will be back..cool spot to catch a game and grab a drink.

I love Native New Yorker, but this location has been consistently awful.
ALL of the waitresses who have served us are tweeking on something EVERY SINGLE TIME we're there.
I understand people get overwhelmed and confused once and a while, but the mannerisms and actions of these girls made us uneasy for the last time.
We've been forgotten about, ignored, felt like WE were bothering them (no, we weren't annoyingly flagging her down, she was taking our drink order).
Basically they will just walk up to you and say "can I help you" in a way that basically says "damnit I have another customer that I don't want.
" This location is trash central.
The one off of Ray Rd.
(W of the I-10 and even the Tempe (Broadway) is just fine, but this location just...sucks.
Terribly.

Great wing specials on Tuesday and Thursday and their bottle beer specials make it for a cheap and very good night.
We usually go to the Tempe location on Broadway but it is crammed with college students during the year.
This location is much easier to find a table and the service is better as well.

I loved the food and the servers were nice but it definitely wasn't the greatest experience I've had.
They have lots and lots of TVs to distract you from whatever conversation your having and the bar is way too dark!
so dark that it is impossible to even see your food.
Servers are nice but seemed very inexperienced.
all in all it was pretty decent and good for a lunch trip with some friends.

It was okay..
I guess what's appealing from this restaurant is their offer on chicken wings which is only 39 cents a piece..
The long waiting plus a very dark limited space not really my taste..

Apparently, it is above management to deliver a menu.
We arrived in the bar for lunch and the server was busy elsewhere out of the room.
The excessively chubby manager on duty walked through, looked at us and said our server would be with us shortly (which I guess is better than nothing).
I ended up getting our own menus, where we ordered their excessively salty food.
We ate wings and a turkey sandwich.

They leave the roll up door between the bar and the smoking patio wide open so you can enjoy the cigarette smoke while you eat.

Not much going on in Chandler, AZ in terms of great "foodie" restaurants, or I may just not know where to go.
Plus I had just flown in and I wanted to take my granddaughter out and have a nice dinner somewhere and Peggy, my granddaughter's other grandmother, referred me to this place.
There really isn't anything negative that I have to say about this place.
Service: Could not have been better.
The waitress was very nice and friendly and my granddaughter really liked her.
(which is all that matters)  Food: Emily loves wings so we ordered the bbq wings as an appetizer.
I believe they were half priced at that time.
For the entrees, I ordered the "Paradise" burger (I just love pineapple on my burgers) and my granddaughter ordered the chicken tenders.
The Paradise burger was cooked exactly as requested and the chicken tenders were, well, tender...Also, got the sweet potato fries which were seasoned to perfection.
The manager came over to check on us and make sure everything was ok.
But most of all, my granddaughter loved it and ate all her food and some of mine!
Thank you Native New Yorker for providing a very nice evening for us.
When in town I will need to revisit!

Well - they have food that is sometimes decent.
An order of cheese sticks came out without the cheese on the inside being melted.
I politely asked them if they can put it back in the microwave where it came from and they were happy to do so.
You could tell the food wasn't just prepared.
Chicken wings are pretty good but awfully small compared to many other establishments.
Service has been hit or miss in the 3 times I have gone here (You got to give everyone a fair chance right?).
I think for what they offer and at the prices they offer it for, you would be better off going somewhere else.

An absolute embarrassment to the company.
Cheap little franchisee uses the smallest wings he can find and then sends out coupons for this crap.
If you like wings, go to another store and get the good ones.
Most NNY stores are good and serve quality.
This one DOES NOT.
If they'll cut corners on their wings, what else are they doing that you CAN'T see?

Anyone who says these wings suck is not doing it right.
Just get traditional wings and own it, because let's face it- you rock it girlfriend!

Great service and the suicide wings are delicious!
Ice cold beers on tap.
surprisingly the shrimp is pretty good too the cocktail sauce is spicy just the way I like it.
It will definitely clear out your sinuses.

My favorite Thursday and Friday night karaoke hangout.
Great karaoke host.
Good food, friendly staff.
Good drink specials too.
This is the only place I routinely go for karaoke.
Good peeps.

The food is good.
But wow the service here is TERRIBLE.
They got our order wrong but we told the girl at the counter politely that she had forgotten something and she got a horrible attitude with us.
She and the other employees there started smirking and laughing and makinh my fiance anf I very uncomfortable.
The servers there's were hiding behind menus and texting, ignoring the customers sitting down.
NEVER going back there again.

Love this place, perfect spot for hanging with the family and friends for Fight Nights!
We come in early to grab a centrally located spot surrounded by huge tvs for a great view from any seat!
No matter how long we hang out or how much or little we eat the service is always on top of their game!
I've become a fan of their Garbage pizza, topped with pepperoni, banana peppers, sausage, tomatoes, meatballs, jalapenos and green olives it's a pile of spicy goodness!
Their wings always a winner from mild to suicide, salt & pepper to my finger licking favorite honey hot!
Their NY'er cookie sundae is the perfect way to finish, a fresh baked cookie topped with vanilla ice cream, chocolate syrup & creamy whip; a definite TKO!

This is the very worst native I have been to.
Every time I've been there the wings are super old and gross and super chewy.
I have no idea why I go back.

The food and drinks where great.
This place was full of specials from 55 cents wings to happy hour drink specials!
The waiter was friendly and helpful.
I look forward to coming back again.

I come here at least 2 times per month for drinks and wings.
I have had fast service each visit and the food is good.
They have changed the wings and added some additional flavors, had the chilli lime tonight and they were perfect.
Every night the bar has some special ..
I especially like Monday nights for 3 olive vodka s only $3.

Pretty much blows since they changed from a New York pizza joint to an Applebee's wannabe.
Service downhill, food is eh, we're done going here.

Have been going to the Bar area of this Native New Yorker for some time now, great service,  all the servers know us.
Food is pretty good.
Drink menu is very good,  nice selection.
Lots of class flat screens to view sports.
Cant give it 5 stars because this place has the worst god awful sound system of any of the places I go to.
Has a irritating internet juke box that plays itself every 5 minutes with some garbage songs you cant understand.
This is a sports bar/restaurant.
Listening to a garbled over modulated with bass sound system all the time is getting old.
Does keep me from going sometimes thinking about the blast of bad speakers I have to endure talking to my wife.
If you can enure the bad too loud music everything else is worth it.

