Last year I rented a house boat on Lake Mead 4 times and had a blast without any problems with my girlfriend ( I even bought 2 new Wave Runners )  But ,  Crown Resorts went out of business , so i went with Forever Resorts out of Scottsdale .
From day one nothing went right , from the boat not being ready to not being cleaned and checked out , prop on one motor damaged  and now  leaving half a day late !
day 3 of a 6 day vacation one of the motors would not start .
The winds were 50 mph on the lake that week , so we stayed stuck in a cove with no help .
On my return last day early before the winds kicked up , we made our way back .
Since that time I`ve made at least 20 phone calls to try to get some concession on my bill of $4300 for the 3 days the boat was inoperable , nothing !
so, now Im left to taking them to court to sort this out .
Theres better ways to spend your vacation than at this place ~Karl

We almost died drowning when our boat sank--very horrifying!!
Let me explain.
Here are the facts: - Group of friends and I rented a PWC (personal water craft, aka jet ski) and a 21" Ebbtide ski boat over the Independence Day holiday weekend.
- In order to make the reservation, the rental office charges your CC for the full amount with deposit/insurance, so it was almost $2000 that hit my card more than a month before the reservation day.
- We got there and watched the mandatory training video for the PWC.
The ski boat had no training video but there were some pieces of paper they gave us on how to operate the ski boat.
- When we went on the ski boat, the guy who led us there also explained how to navigate and drive it.
However, he seemed very bored and did it in a very mechanical way, almost as if he was a robot reading off of a script.
Slightly useful, but not very helpful or friendly.
- Boat rental office ladies drew the route from Callville Bay to Hoover Dam, and told us we could go that way to see the dam.
Also, drew the route to the east in the narrow straights and said we could go that way too.
Told us to avoid the northwest part of Basin Bay near Las Vegas Bay as well as some part on the east past the straights that I don't remember now (we never planned to go that way), and these directions we did follow to the letter.
- Winds were high that day, and it took us about 90 minutes just to get from Callville Bay to almost reaching Sentinel Island on the way to Hoover Dam.
- Waves were pretty large too, we never reached the dam because we felt like we would not have enough time to return the boat back by the 5 pm deadline, especially going against the current/waves.
- When we turned around to head back, our motor on the ski boat for some reason stopped working, and the engine could not go past 1200 RPM even though it was much higher around 3000+ on the way there earlier.
- A few minutes after trying to get the engine running, some huge waves hit our ski boat from the side, and plenty of water got into the boat.
At this point, the boat started to keel over and the next thing we know is that it is filling up fast and sinking.
All of us jump out into the water, and luckily we all had life jackets.
- The PWC was fine, and luckily we were saved by another boat that passed by within 15 minutes.
The analysis afterward: - We never did anything wrong to cause the accident, such as crashing into a rock or damaging any equipment.
I think it was mostly a freak of nature accident.
- We're not sure what happened to the motor.
The boat rental office claims that the angle of the waves was too high, and thus the motor could not run effectively.
Maybe somebody who knows how these ski boats operate can comment?
- We ended up losing a lot of cash, wallets, several smartphones, two pairs of sunglasses/glasses, all our shoes and some clothes, and a lot of food/drinks we had brought along.
Total property damage of $1,500-2,000 easily as a conservative estimate, possibly even as high as $3,000.
- We paid the $10 insurance, so the deductible was $500 which they took out of the deposit.
The office said we would have been liable for as much as $30,000 if we did not buy insurance, but instead, they took $500 from us.
- Post-chaos, while writing up our reports at the office after the accident, we were just grateful all of us were alive and not hurt, so the $500 wasn't even something we were thinking about.
- However, afterward, we think there could be something wrong with the motor that could have caused the accident, as well as the lack of adequate training provided by the guy who gave the 5-minute brief presentation on the boat's operation.
- Even if the motor was working fine and we were explained how to navigate the boat perfectly, we were following the route that was drawn on the map by the office; we know this because we used GPS on our smartphones to confirm our location a few times during the trip.
In retrospect, the people at the office should never have let us go that route, especially with the strong winds (supposedly ~60 MPH) and waves (at least 4-5 feet) on that day.
- After we got back home, we called the office to ask for a refund of the $500 deductible, and explained the above reasoning.
What if somebody had got injured or even died?
We're not asking for compensation of our property, and we understand that Callville Bay Resort & Marina also incurred property loss (although the boat was salvaged as it was still barely floating, and is currently going refurbishment).
We're just asking for the $500 in deductible back as a nice gesture for the trauma that we had to endure when we did nothing wrong.
- The office (Kim Roundtree and Lynn Frost) refused our request.
To the company, $500 is a very small sum of money, a day's worth of boat rental fees.
To a few friends who were looking for a fun and memorable day out on the lake, it is quite a lot of money.

When we arrived at the Marina it only took about 5 minutes to realize we were in trouble.The temperature was in excess of 100 degrees with zero shade at the Marina.
First you need to flag down a cart to unload the 1,000 worth of frozen meat we brought from home along with the additional 1,000 spent at the local Wal Mart.
Standing at the curb with 2,000 worth of food in 100 degree weather with no shade was just the beginning.
When we headed down to the dock after confirming several hours earlier from Las Vegas that we were able to board at 5PM, we were met with what was clearly a well rehearsed series of mis-directions along the lines of "Who did you talk to?
" "We are Antelope Point Boat Rentals not Forever Resorts" What are you talking about?
I pointed to a houseboat with FOREVER RESORTS painted on the side.
The conversation was useless.
They had no boat ready for us.
We spent the next 5 hours trying to load our belongings while they emptied trash, pumped sewage, fixed a shower and tried to get the lights working on the front deck.
Only one BBQ worked between the two boats and one range and microwave between the two boats for the majority of the trip.
Deceptive Business Practices Your staff also failed to credit us the 110. per boat per day gas credit special which added up to several thousand dollars.
When asked why it wasn't on the contract I was told "again that's Forever Resorts deal, we are Antelope Point Marina.
"   What the F#@K?
Your boat out there says FOREVER RESORTS.
Pull up their website the special is right there.
They half heartedly agreed after I insisted they look at www.
ForeverResorts.com.
After a few minutes they changed the contract to include the gas credit.
At no big surprise to me when we got home the final invoice included NO CREDIT whatsoever.
They agreed, pretended to have taken care of it and a week after I get home I get this email.
Here's the final bill.
Note the gas credit of .02 for both boats.
Deceptive lying p&@cks.
The true age and condition of their boats was not revealed to us until we had paid in full and arrived on the dock.
I have owned and operated several boats for more than 30 years.
We have owned a home on a Lake with a boat dock for the last decade.
We have an oceanfront home now.
We are water people.
We spent 30,921.28 just for lodging fuel and rental fees to make a trip to Lake Powell.
This was our 4th time there in the last 15 years.
It was the High School Graduation Gift for our 18 Year Old Son before he headed off to College.
We will never have another chance to do this.
Early Boarding Rip-off Fee For an early boarding fee of 907.00 we had the pleasure of being parked next to a garbage processing station on the Marina Dock.
It was disgusting, unsanitary and smelled only what you could imagine rotting garbage smells like after being baked inside of this trash dumpster in 100 degree weather.
I don't know how the Arizona Health Department or National Park Service Administration allows this.
How can they allow people to sleep next to this?
I mean really.
Because we relied on their assurances about early boarding we made no other arrangements for lodging.
We had no choice but to sleep next to it.
Generators Fail.
7 Adults and 2 small children were forced to use one houseboat.
Repeated attempts to contact the Marina on channel 16 VHF were ignored.
We also told you guys we had two 6 year children on board.
We are obviously not the only problem boat out there.
Another boater heard us on the VHF Radio and told us they too were broken down and without power, had been trying to contact the marina and were also stranded in Last Chance Bay.
They said their boat number was 482.
We abandoned one boat and returned to the Marina only to have our intelligence insulted to clearly divert attention from the negligent actions on your part and the horrible condition of your aged houseboats.
Acknowledging the issues you immediately offered 6,000 reduction in the bill to my wife who was left fending for herself with your staff while I coordinated the unloading of our belongings and packing for the trip home.
She told you she would discuss it and get back to you once we got home.
Aramark at Wahweap Marina is 1000% better.
Don't waste your time here.

