I got my hair colored here.
After a few hours and a lot of paste, it came out great.
Had I known how fast the color would lighten up, I would have went a shade darker.
This place charged me an extra $15 because I have thick hair and they used more than the normal amount of hair color (lame).

Ugh.
I don't like Ulta and I am especially annoyed with this location.
The layout is terrible and they are always out of everything!
Seriously.
I went in yesterday looking for Burberry Brit (entirely gone) and their fragrance section looked like a tornado hit it -- boxes and bottles everywhere -- and it was clear they were not in the middle of restocking the shelves.
The service is better here than the one in North Scottsdale meaning I asked for help looking for an item and actually received help -- but the layout is enough to keep me away.
Too bad it's so close to my house.

Not a great location.
The selection of fragrances is sadly lacking and the customer service is sketchy at best.
The layout is chaotic and other than the fact that it's a pretty clean store, not memorable in anyway.
(Except for the lack of selection!
)  Slow check out as well!

Makeup staff is rude.

The 5 stars is for my regular stylist, Sarah.
She's warm, pleasant, remembers details about my personal life, and ALWAYS does a fantastic job on my cut and my highlights.
I even let her chop about 10 inches off last October, and she made me love even that.
If you are looking for a new stylist in the area, I highly recommend her!
Unfortunately, my accolades for Ulta end with Sarah.
I made the grave mistake of going to see someone else at the salon one day when I was having a hair emergency and Sarah couldn't squeeze me in.
First of all, they booked me with a "master stylist" and failed to mention that I would be charged significantly more for her services.
That's a MAJOR no-no in my book; I don't mind ponying up the extra cash, but I'd like to be made aware that I'm about to do it.
Second of all, this "master stylist" charged me $25 for a toning treatment that I didn't ask for, nor was I consulted about it; yes, I typically do get toner in my hair after my highlights, but I have never, to my knowledge, been charged $25 for it.
Maybe this is me just being silly, but if I stylist does something to my hair without asking if I want it done, I automatically assume said thing is included in the cost of the treatment.
Silly me.
And finally, this "master stylist" did a mediocre job at best - nowhere near the quality I've come to expect from Sarah.
My cut was pretty blah from the get-go, and just continued to get worse and worse as I neared the time for my next salon visit.
Even my highlights just seemed dull and faded - they looked months old by week #2.
If this experience had been my first at the salon, I would have made this a thoroughly ONE star review and would never have returned.
As it stands, I guess I learned my lesson & will stick with my Sarah from this point forward, no matter how long I have to wait for an appointment :)  P.S.
You'll have to excuse the somewhat excessive use of quotation marks around "master stylist' in my second paragraph...
I just can't bring myself to truly refer to a stylist that did such a lackluster job as a "master" anything.

