I gotta say, it was decent.
The atmosphere was reminiscent of my childhood hangouts.
The pizza was descent.
You may be thinking, "Descent?
Fours stars for 'decent'?
"  Well, let me explain.
17 years ago, I was ripped from the pizza haven that was my first home (after the womb, but just as comfortable), Long Island, NY.
The reasons are unclear to me still.
I was a vulnerable nine year old uprooted and moved to the cruel and often cold (metaphorically, not literally) Sonoran Desert, I had no way to cope with my new surroundings.
Oreos just did not fill the void in my empty pit of a stomach, which I was quickly trying to fill with something familiar.
That something familiar was a good, thin and crunchy crust, extra sauce, light on the cheese, pie.
Pizza pie.
No one could provide for me.
I was desolate.
Pizza places came and went.
A sauce here, a sauce there.
Eventually I learned to cope on my own without the crutch that was the perfect slice.
I live for my semi annual trips back to the pizza- womb that is Greenwich Village, but when I am feeling just a little nostalgic, just a little emotional... a slice from Buono's will suffice.
And that is why I give 4 stars.

I have been going to Buono's for over 20 years and have always been treated very well by the owners of this charming neighborhood Pizza restaurant.
The owners use a hands on approach to their business which I truly believe has allowed it to remain successful over the many years.
There are only a scant few business in that bleak area that have survived.
It sure does not hurt that there New York style pizza is fantastic and there prices are very affordable.
The lunch special is a mere $5 for two 1 topping slices and a beverage.
Can't beat that.
Upon ordering you can peruse the bounty of Manhattan memorabilia that adorns the walls.
I am not from NYC, but I am a huge fan of the people, the neighborhoods and especially the food.
the atmosphere is very casual and family friendly.
There are a few arcade games in the back and a large screen TV to watch News or sports.
They never seem to be playing "The Golden Girls", but I will still come back as often as possible for the delicious pies and nice, quick sevice.

Seriously one of the best pizza places I've found in the valley.
It's in a run-down strip mall and looks a little scary, but it's fantastic.
(And next door to a great Mexican restaurant Rositas.
)  The pizza is delicious, the salads are pretty good and the subs are tasty.
Highly recommended.

I've been going to Buonos since I was in High School at Dobson.
I love this side Pizza joint.
great food.
the staff is kind of friendly but it's that brooklyn attitude that makes em shine.

Oh dear me, how the mighy have fallen!
A year ago I would've proudly given this place 5 stars but the last 6 or 7 times I've been here it just hasn't been as good.
I don't know if its the different people doing the cooking or what but the standards seem to have slipped.
Back a couple years ago when I started going there a beefy guy was doing the cooking, always made quality pizza.
Now?
Not so much!
The semi-surly lady from Jersey (sorry Tom T., she's from Jersey) is still there on occassion though.
Bring back the beefy guy who can cook please!!
I still love the chicken parm despite the downslope on the pizza, it's a massive sandwich and definitely makes me happy...  All in all I will keep going back hoping that the pizza will get back to where it once was...

The pizza here is THE BEST in town.
I grew up in New Jersey, and these pies would make the wise guys at the bada bing go bada boom, if you know what I'm sayin'...eh?
EH?
Capisce?

This is a pretty good pizza place with ont too bad prices we had wings and the sausage pizza.
The sausage is the sliced type rather than the meatball type and it was really good.
Large was actually large and pretty cheap at $12 for a 16"!
The crust was milky and good and the wings were not too bad, meaty and moist not dry like other places.
The restaurant itself is a little homely less jazzy than native NY-er but clean and friendly.
Staff was cool too.

Buonos is Great Pizza.
I'm an ex New Yorker and I've been here since 1993.
It took me several years to find a place that was just like Home.
This is it.
It's like being in a New York Neighborhood pizzeria.
Go out of your way and visit this place.
you will Love it.

As a former New Jersey girl who was raised on pizza made the right way, I've found my home away from home.
I might have shed a tear when I bit into my first slice.
The crust has that perfect amount of crust, not too thin and the cheese is heaven.
We've been going once a week since we found the place and I'll never eat pizza anywhere else.
Staff is friendly (yes, even Jersey lady if you talk to her for more than a minute) and service is quick.
Mmmm...I think it's time for my weekly fix!

I LOVES ME SOME BUONO'S!!!!
I used to eat here at least once a week and I was 30lbs heavier.
Now I'm skinny but I still love to go to Buono's once in awhile, order a large cheese, and sit on my couch in my underwear and eat the whole thing.
I don't have a binge eating disorder -- it is just THAT GOOD.
The sauce, the crust, the cheese...all of it is perfect.
The cheesesteak is the best I've ever had.
Service can be a little dodgy at times, but whatever.
I'm there for the food.
And if anything it just adds to the real New York/New Jersey ambiance.
I LOVE YOU BUONO -- whoever you are.

Buono you have a special place in my heart...
This little pizza joint is an a tired looking strip mall.
They have been at this location for 20+ years, that says something right there.
We sat at a booth and ordered some beers.
They were served ice cold in super frosty large mugs.
We placed our pizza order and watched some football, sipping on our drinks.
The guy who was waiting on us (the owner I presume) was great and brought us some complementary cheese sticks.
It was a very nice gesture and they were good.
Our pizza took awhile, but when it arrived...Oh My!
We had the thin crust with pepperoni, mushroom, sausage, broccoli and onion.
(see pic) The sausage was the best topping.
It is the super thin slices, none of those nasty little balls.
If you have not had broccoli on pizza, try it.
It is my new addition.
Everything worked perfectly together.
This place is my type pf hang out.
It is family owned, cozy, has cold beer and great food.
I better start hitting the gym twice as hard cuz this place is going to be dangerous...

I have been a customer for 20 years now.
I moved from the east valley years ago and really miss the food.
I do know they have had new owners in the last ten years or so and had heard it wasn't the same.
I was happy to revisit Buonos last month before an author visit at Changing Hands.
Still great!
One of the best NY pizza places in town.
YUM!
If you like that oil on top, greasy NY slice type of pizza then Buonos is for you.
Manga!

Pizza is okay.
The cranky woman usually behind the counter who answers the phone and takes orders is rude and unpleasant - if not for her, might add a star.

I want some Buono's right now :(  I like that this place is divey with a huge flat screen television and a bunch of junk on the walls.
Also it is pretty dim in here so you can pig out in relative anonymity, well not really it's not that dark in here but you get the picture.
Pizza was pretty good and they sell slices if you don't want to commit to a whole pizza.
So far so good, that's really all I have to say since I only tried the pizza.
PIzza slices are 1.95 and .50 for each topping.

hubby's from Chicago, so its not too often I get to go have a slice of delicious thin-crusted NY style pizza...so this was a treat, and a really great one at that!
The service was friendly, the pizza DELICIOUS, the atmosphere very "New York-y".
The price, fine with me.
This pizza was better than the pizza I had in New York just a month ago.
Even my Chicago style devotee hubbs admitted to enjoying the leftovers I brought him :)

Love it

Had a meatball pizza here Friday night, it was awesome!
I have eaten here on and off for a couple years, it has always been good.
I always get to go here and have never had any problems so i will continue to order from here  when I'm in the area.

My boyfriend loves loves loves this places pizza.
To be quite honest yes its good enough for 9.99 mon-wed for 1 topping.
I refuse to spend more than that here unless my bf is craving it.
Personally id rather go to bashas down the street for 6.99 for pepperoni pizza freshly made when you call.
So far i still have yet to find a pizza joint where i LOVE LOVE LOVE their pizza so much that i crave it.
I don't know exactly what it is that i do not love this place just as much as my boyfriend... the grease maybe?
i am not a huge fan of drippy pizza.
i do not care about the stretchy cheese not being real thing i just want pizza with awesome flavor.
If we don't get bashas i am okay with this as long as it was only 9.99.
Have not tried any of their calzones or wings, someday i will though.
Skip the fried zucchini and mushrooms not that great here.

Best pizza that Ive had in Arizona, Neapolitan or otherwise, and Ive been around the state chompin' through many a slice.
I grew up on this stuff, and its always a treat to grab a pie from here when I find myself in the phoenix area.
The secret to a great New York pie is the crust and the sauce.
Anyone can buy good quality mozzarella.
The crust here is perfect.
Thin and yet chewey.
Chewey and yet light.
Cooked to perfection.
The sauce is home-made and takes them a full 24 hours to create.
Even still has a little tomato skin left in it which may sound like a bad thing, but trust me, its not.
The sauce is thin and mild, and they apply it in just the right amount so as to compliment the cheese and crust perfectly.
Theres really just not enough good things I can say about this pizza.
Price is ok, not amazing, but worth every penny.
Wait times can be a bit long if theyre busy, but usually they're pretty expedient.
I can't say it enough: this is really good pizza.
Go get some.

Buono's pretty consistently delivers a good pizza.
The crust is the best I've had in the valley- it's ultra thin and just crisp on the bottom.
The sauce is really great and they are liberal with the cheese, but don't drown the rest of the flavors.
It can get a little greasy, but that's easily remedied with a napkin.
I really love the pizza from Buono's.
but I've learned to keep it simple.
The meat toppings (pepperoni, sausage) are delicious and have a nice spice.
Vegetable toppings is when things start to get a little soggy.
I would advise staying away from tomatoes or spinach.
The spinach was obviously frozen chopped spinach and the tomatoes, though fresh, were in large slices with all the seeds and slime- my pizza was a wet mess.
The service is good, but I wouldn't call it friendly.
There is a younger set of employees recently and they definitely have attitude.

Great pizza place in the area...was in town for business.
They have specials Monday-Wednesday I believe.
Got a large pizza for $9.99.
Great tasting and service was great.
They have TV's, so you are able to watch a sporting game while enjoy a slice a pizza.
They also sell pizza by the slice as well.

Not the best location.
Had to ask if we should sit ourselves.
No sign or anything explaining that.
Definitely a neighborhood dive.
Decor hadn't been updated since 1980.
Our waitress (the owner?
) never smiled.
The other waitress could have covered up some.
Looked like she was going to a club.
Try explaining that to your 10 year old son :-)   Kitchen was open so I got to watch one guy do all the work while muscular short dude stood around.
Lots of takeout while we were there.
Restaurant full of smoke when we walked in.
Son had a slice of cheese pizza.
The pizza slice was on the smallish side but he said it was good.
I ordered a calzone with meatballs and mushrooms.
Lots of mushrooms but not much meatball.
Almost nonexistent.
Tons of ricotta too.
Almost to the point of being too much.
It was cheap but probably won't go back.

Being from Tucson, I naturally think Brooklyn's is the best New York style pizza.
I went along with my boyfriend to Buono's on a recent trip to Phoenix, and watched them create pizza after delicious-looking pizza starting with what is clearly home-made pizza dough.
They then coat it in a sauce the likes of which I have never seen on a pizza before.
It was thin, and I expected a watery taste, but it was anything but.
The crust was out of this world.
It is thin and chewy and flavorful.
The sauce was bursting with flavors of tomatoes and garlic, and the mozzarella was thick but not overpowering to the other flavors.
I only had the cheese pizza here, his reasoning being that to truly judge a pizza place, you need to evaluate their cheese pizza.
I can't wait for the next trip to Phoenix to try another offering!

shitty pizza.. shittier customer service.. do your self a favor and order from Big Boy's.
Bitch..
I am a customer.
Don't get all snotty with me on the phone for asking questions about your specials.

The best pizza I've had in the Valley since moving back from NY 8 years ago.

I think this is some of the best pizza in town.
I haven't tried anything else on the menu because I can't get by the pizza.
So good.
Even cold the next morning.
I haven't been here in awhile because they changed their special but I was craving it so I called up and ordered an extra large cheese.
The only real pizza is cheese pizza, in my opinion.
The staff has always been friendly to me.
Even forgiving change when I didn't have it.
Even last night someone else was picking up their order and the total was $X and 52 cents and he didn't have the 52 cents and they said don't worry about it.
Not a big deal but a nice small thing not many places do.
I had been in there enough that when they changed their special awhile ago they gave me the old one one more time.
Again not a big deal but still cool.
Definitely a family owned restaurant.
Small and covered in New York decorum all over the walls.
A friend at work introduced me to the place and we used to get pizza all the time at lunch.
I will still go back when I get a craving but just not as often as I did and only because they changed their special and work is just a little farther way now.
Still really good pizza though.
Some of the best.

I bet my husband is going to make me fold my pizza.
Yep, he did.
This was really good pizza, NY/NJ type pizza.
Thin big foldable slices.
Nice people helped us at our table even though they just have counter service.
(we were clueless) They have beer and the atmosphere is very casual, NY memorabilia, TV's.
In a strip mall by Goodwill in Mesa.
Great for kids after their Saturday games!
If we ever find ourselves out there again we will definitely grab a slice!

I don't know what has been going on at Buonos, but their service is really becoming horrible lately.
Told 35 minutes for a pickup order, an hour later the cheese sticks are cold and the pizza is finally ready.
This is at least the 3rd time in a row this has happened.
Come on, don't ruin my favorite pizza place.

We got a deal on Living Social so we tried it out.
Had pizza and salad and both were great!
Love, Love, Loved it!
It was worth driving almost 30 miles.
Located on the SW corner of Dobson & Guadalupe.

Checked out this place from the groupon last night.
Friday night at 750 most tables were full ONE server.
ordered our food, the the wings that were small and undercooked with generic sauce.
got some garlic bread that we did enjoy.
we had our drinks and all 3 cups were empty with some ice and I put them at the end of the table hoping the ONE server would notice, we had to call her over for refills, she said for which ones...... (I should have said only the EMPTY ones) ALL of our dishes from the garlic bread and wings sat on the table the ENTIRE time.
we ordered the White pizza and realized when we got it there was no ricotta on it.
I didnt want to complain I was tired of this place.
The table behind us never had their pizza put in and they sat after us, and barely got their pizza as we were talking out the door.
OIL everywhere on the pizza.
That should not happen with white pizza.
Here is the kicker, from about 820pm (FRIDAY NIGHT) they turned away 3 groups of people because "they had NOTHING left in the kitchen" Really?
you put out a groupon not preparing for the influx of customers?!?!??!
Those people will NEVER come back when a pizza place is OUT OF FOOD at 845. such an embarressment.
Will not come back again

The provolone, pastrami on rye was excellent!
Just need a pickle on the side and I'm set.
Great family local spot.
The gentleman at the counter was really helpful and service was great.

I wish that zero stars was an option to make up for the reviewers giving this place 4 or 5 that are obviously relatives or employees paid in this slop.
First, when you walk in the (disgusting, unwashed) front door, the place reeks of smoke and filth.
We literally had to roll down the car windows on the way home because our clothes were permeated with the stench.
Secondly, we made the mistake of ordering the calamari to start, which was obviously old, freezer burned and exceedingly inedible.
So, we sent it back and they replaced it with another appetizer that was almost as bad.
Then, the large Big Guido pizza we ordered arrived shortly afterward, featuring big chunks of mystery meat swimming in a pool of grease.
If "New York style" means frozen ingredients and tasteless sauce from a can packaged several years ago in a questionable part of Jersey, then this is your place.
Highly suggest that ownership calls Robert Irvine at Restaurant Impossible.
Until then, AVOID.

If this is what NY style pizza is, I want no part of it.
It was soo greasy and a bit salty.
The crust was chewy, not in a good way.
The sauce wasn't really all that great either.
We also had a sausage roll.
It's basically a calzone with a small portion of unsliced sausage stuffed with too much onion and peppers.
We weren't impressed with the mozzarella sticks either.
Service was not very friendly.
Place looks like it needs some tlc.
And yes, the place is smoky.
We wreaked of it when we got home.
Our shirts, including my 1yr old, smelled like old cooking oil.
Gosh, I can't think of anything nice to say.

Best NY pizza spot in AZ!
Seat yourself type of restaurant where you can also order up front.
Simple, quick, effective service is offered, but the pizza is what you go here for.
Been at least 50 times and it never disappoints.
Typically grab a whole pie just cheese since the flavor is incredible.
Pepperoni, sausage, etc.
also is tasty.
Salads are simple and wings are better than Native New Yorker's.
Do yourself a favor and go to Buono's more sooner than later.

You want a good tasting pie?
You got one.
Brought to their doorstep by a Living Social voucher, my GF and I cashed in and got a large pepperoni and two soft drinks.
I was impressed by their speedy service and liked the NYC charm of the metal counter.
I think it's family operated because we were served by a real nice lady who chatted with us briefly and made us feel like we were welcomed into her home.
The pizza was big and floppy, yet still maintained a good crispy crust.
Overall, a really well made pizza and dining experience.
The value is also reasonable, especially if you've got a voucher or coupon.
If I lived closer, this would be my go-to spot.
The only thing keeping Buono's from five stars is along the sames lines as why MANY pizza places can't be given five stars - what's distinguishing it from the place down the street?
Regardless, if you're in the area, I highly recommend checking these guys out.

I was brought to Buono's from a Groupon purchase.
It's very close to our home and I was hopeful to find some good pizza.
During my first experience a cute young girl was our server.
She was the only server for a whole restaurant full of people and she was also the counter person that took the order.
She was nice and friendly, but our service wasn't fabulous because one person can only do so much for an entire restaurant full of people.
From the point we received our food she came back only at the end to give us a box and I had to go up to the counter to pay our check because we had somewhere we needed to be.
I thought maybe someone had called out sick or something.
The pizza was thin, cheesy, and greasy.
It was good,  but it didn't wow me.
We decided to give it another chance, so we went back.
This time we had white pizza and a sausage roll.
Our waitress was the same girl.
The service situation was the same which leads me to believe that they just don't have enough people scheduled to work ever.
The girl who works there is nice and friendly and I saw her and the other 2 kitchen employees that were there running around and doing their best.
I felt bad for them because I've worked in numerous restaurants over the years and I felt like they were set up to fail.
The sausage roll came out 10 minutes before my pizza did.
It's always awkward when you go out to eat and one person is completely finished with their food before the other even receives their.
The sausage roll was the poorest excuse for a sausage roll I've ever seen.
It was doughy and not very flavorful.
If you decide to try this place stick to pizza with marinara sauce.
The white pizza was bland and also not very flavorful.
If you decide to try this place stick to pizza with marinara sauce.
I would have liked to have had some red pepper to pizazz it up, but our server was unable to come back and check on us because she was too busy.
Also I overheard at least 2 sets of customers that came in to order pizza and ended up leaving because they were told the wait was very long.
I applaud her for letting them know about the long wait up front because that's the right thing to do.
However, I feel like the management needs to hire some more employees because you should never be turning away people because you're too busy.
Lastly, I've seen other people mention this on their review, but we reeked of and oil/smoke odor after we left.
I'm not sure if there is a problem with ventilation but it was unpleasant.

I used to love Buono's, but over the past year or so, I feel like it's gone downhill.
Service was never their strong suit, but lately it just seems like they can't be bothered.
They've also changed their crust - the past two times, it was no longer the NY style crust they used to have.
It's still a chewy, thin crust, but it's different.
And their wings are horrible.
Possibly the worst wings I've ever had.
Sorry, Buono's.
It's not me, it's you.
TIme for us to see other people, i guess.

My husband and I ventured in here after I bought a groupon.
It was a Sunday afternoon about 1:30, We walked in and no one said anything to us and we didn't know if we ordered at the counter or seated ourselves.
We stood at the counter for a few minutes and were not acknowledged so we had a seat and looked at a menu.
It was certainly a dive.
One customer was letting her toddler crawl around the floor eatting crumbs.
After we sat another 10 minutes we left.
The pizza may be good but well never know since we couldn't get service.
Mad that I wasted 10.00 on a groupon that can't even be used for take out.

The best pizza ever.
This would the last pizza I eat before I die.
I was raised on their pizza and when I moved out of state, nothing could replace it.
Whenever I go back to AZ, I always have to do two things: see my mother and eat at Buono's.
Yeah.

We knew when we walked in that we were going to love this place!
We had an amazing pizza, perfectly cooked, and delicious!
Yes, we did have to wait a little bit, but there was a line at the counter that just wouldn't stop (doesn't that tell you something).
The second time we came back, the lady behind the counter remembered us, and where we sat, and how busy it was at the time, and even apologized to us.
This time, we ordered to go, one veal, and one eggplant parmesan....each portion was two meals!
Fantastic!
So, tonight, it is time for a birthday celebration, and we are going back for the 3rd time in little over a month!
We can't wait :)

Unlike the other reviews here, the service was nice I thought.
I was greeted nicely and served nicely - the pizza was great but the fries were.... Unexceptional.
I got the pepperoni pizza fries and I was expecting some fantastic carne Asada fries like deal from filibertos.
Nope.
Just some fries with marinara sauce thrown on top of it.
I was really disappointed.
The pizza was great though but it's a bit pricey.

A good place to get an affordable, Authentic New York style pizza.
Our server (a new girl the last time i went in) was attentive, and polite to both me and my grandfather whom is an italian from New Jersey and has gone there for 20 something years.
The atmosphere is sort of low brow (there is a big screen tv right in he middle of the room, and a jukebox that plays a bit loudly) , but the pizza is delicious.
The sauce and cheese were both major factors in the pizza being so authentic to the NY style.
For the food, and price points I give Buono's four stars, and it will continue to be a family favorite.

Great food!
The pizza was very very good.
We happened onto the place because of a Groupon, and despite the hole-in-the-wall first impression and greasy smell the pizza was very good.
This and Jimmy Joe's are our two favorites in town.
Unfortunately the Wing's were not near as good; they bordered on bad.
That's ok, though.
The pizza made up for it.
We didn't try anything else.
Read some of the reviews about the bad service.
We experienced only good service, a cashier/server who was willing to explain the menu and make recommendations.
He was thoughtful as he came to our table, very polite.
It was a little weird that he was wearing his muscle shirt and had his body building trophies on the counter, but he was nice nonetheless.
So our suggestion: Order the pizza, skip the wings.

The pizza: better than average.
It's pretty damn good really.
The rest of the menu is "meh".
They certainly have no clue how to time other food with pizza.
If you order anything else with you pizza it'll probably be cold by the time the pizza is ready.
Of you stick with the pizza alone you'll be alright.
The service: If the pizza was bad nobody would ever return.
Sadly that's gotta be the only thread holding this business together.
I torture myself maybe three time a year and the running joke when we decide to eat there is "I wonder if we will get the same shitty service?
" Well, they are consistent.
It's almost like they made it part of their business model to treat people rudely.
And particularly, some short old woman is usually the biggest offender.
She's gotta be an owner or family because she's been there forever.
I own a business myself and if one of my employees represented my company this way, you can bet your ass they would be fired.
Family included!
But I gotta say I'm not angry about it, just puzzled.
Like I said before, it's so awkward and happens EVERY time we eat there, we just giggle about how ridiculous it is.
I love to watch a good train wreck and the service here is without a doubt a train wreck.

Anytime I can find a $10 for $20 Groupon (which, thankfully, is frequently!
) you'll see me here with the family.
The pizza doesn't appear to be anything special by appearance, but wow, it's absolutely deeee-lish!
My wife really enjoys their wings as well.
Great flavor and texture.
The reason I'm giving a 4 star review is because it isn't mind-blowingly fantastic, but it is definitely a yummy pizza pie.
And we haven't ever had a negative experience with the staff.
They haven't been overly friendly or bubbly, but they've been very nice.
And an extra bonus for me is the big screen TV always tuned to whatever big game is currently on.

Buono's was sold after 20+ years of Jimmy making the best pies in town.
Sauce recipe is the same, dough is the same, pepperonis not at all the same crust isn't quite as thin but overall great pizza.

Used to be the best pizza in Arizona, until the new owners took over.
Everything changed and it's terrible now.
Not only was the food bad (greasy and think crust) but I bought a Groupon coupon and when I went to use it they said they wouldn't honor it.
So I lost out on that deal.
Last time I'll be going there.

We've been going here for years.
Bought a Groupon last month and went to use it.
Was told  they had new owners and were not taking Groupons purchased prior the new owner buying the restaurant.
Then we found out this was told to us by THE NEW OWNER, who went on to say, "The prior owner, my brother, sitting over there with his family (a table filled with about 8 people) signed up with Groupon.
I don't take the ones he signed up for.
"    He did agree to take $5 off our total bill.
We were there so decided to stay, though not thrilled!
Buono's pizza has ALWAYS been our families favorite.
But on this night, it was just "ok", nothing special.
Much less sauce and cheese on the pie.
To make matters worse, both my husband & I had terribly upset stomachs that night!
Won't be going back unfortunately.

Few things make me sadder than making this review:  I have been going to Buono's for over a decade now and it never failed to impress...
When I was told there were new owners I was told the recipe's and cooks were all the same so I was optimistic (especially considering that it has been good since I was 16 years old and started going there *29 now*)  I have given them 3 chances now and each time it has gotten ruder and the food has gotten worse with every visit.
If by any chance the owners/ coming managers read this page: Here are a few things that could have circumvented losing another loyal customer.
Specifically to the owner:   If a customer shows you that they are being over-charged do NOT make the excuse that the "school kids" are changing the prices on the outside chalk board... After that, if they point out that the same price is on the menu above the register in green ink... do NOT double down that the school kids changed that price too!!!
To anybody in charge of the food:  1.
The garlic knots were a welcome addition when they were first added to the menu and started out delicious but it is very clear that the dough for them is made far in advance and frozen which leaves them very stale and tasteless.
If a pizza is black on the bottom it should not be served.
As much as I have been frustrated I do hope they turn it around but I do not expect to be back again.
I will really miss Buono's but I ate there so often that I am sure to lose a few pounds in the process.

Not sure if anyone else was able to use their Groupon here, but I wasn't able to...that was a bummer.
Our neighbor super-hyped us about Buono's and highly recommended this place so when I saw a Groupon for it, I bought it.
But when we went for lunch one Saturday, there was a sign on the window saying they were not accepting Groupons.
So I had to notify Groupon for a refund--that took a few days but I eventually got my refund processed.
I think at least a few people had contacted them about Buono's because I received a mass email from Groupon apologizing for Buono's Groupon not being valid anymore and I also received a personalized message from the Groupon customer support shortly after.
Anyways, on to the food.
We started off with spicy honey wings as an appetizer.
DELICIOUS!
The sauce was tangy and flavorful (although not spicy enough, but we have a high tolerance) and the wings were gone in a flash.
We had high hopes for the pizza...
I had a mushroom/spinach/tomato slice and a sausage/mushroom Sicilian slice.
Well, I had actually ordered the veggie slice to be on a white-garlic sauce style, but the sauce wasn't prepared yet (boo) so I had to get it in the traditional style.
The mushroom/spinach/tomato slice was very sad-looking.
The mushrooms were the canned kind!!!
Blasphemy!!!
And the amount of veggies was pretty skimpy.
The sausage/mushroom slice was not my cup of tea, but I don't know if I'm just not fond of the Sicilian style.
My husband ordered the calzone and was veeerrrrryyyy disappointed with it.
The crust wasn't good and overcooked to the point of being rock-hard so it was kind of a pain to eat.
Usually he scarfs down his calzones quickly (it's his first choice at italian places), but we left with 3/4 of the calzone intact and I ended up having to toss it when I was cleaning out the fridge because he didn't eat the leftovers.
All in all, it wasn't a great meal.
But we really did like the wings so maybe when we have a craving we may order them from Buonos for takeout.

I remember it being much better a long, long time ago.

Pizza is pretty good but it's kind of overpriced for what you get.
The slices are pretty small.
I haven't tried anything else there.

Went here recently for the first time.
It was okay.
Unfortunately I ordered pasta.
It was overcooked, and didn't even have the mushrooms and olives that I asked for.
My husband got pizza, and I tried a bite.
The pizza was good.
We did have the garlic knots as an appetizer, and they were pretty good.
Customer service was meh.
The girl Aleah, who was serving us kept smiling like she was trying not to laugh.
It made for a really awkward dinner.
I'd come back for the pizza, but nothing else.
I probably won't be back though.
If I'm going out for pizza, I go to Venezia's Pizzeria.
Their pizza is amazing, good prices, and their staff is really friendly.

Wow!
I am so unhappy about Buono's.
We came here several times a month for the past 15 years (we live quite far away) and loved the pizza and sandwiches.
It was not fancy, but the pizza was excellent and true  New York style.
Nowhere else in the valley could I get pizza the way I knew that it should be made.
I read that Buono's was sold recently and visited twice before reading about the sale.
The restaurant had been spruced up, the staff was different and the food terrible.
We had a disgusting Chicken Parmigiana hero.
Awful.
The next visit we decided to stick to the plain cheese pizza.
I had previously said that if I could have one last meal before going on the electric chair it would be Buono's Pizza.
I would now rather throw this pizza onto the electric chair!
It is AWFUL!!!
Thick bready crust covered in too much cheap cheese with terrible sauce.
We didn't even finish our slices.
The tasteless garlic knots were brought out still frozen in the middle.
Yuck!
I will never go back again.
So terrible.
If anyone knows Jimmy and finds out if he reopens somewhere, please post here.
Stay away!!!
If I could give no stars, I would, but just because it was epic and is now so mediocre.

Ugh, I just made my first Yelp retraction.
I wrote a review of Buono's right before they switched over to new management.
When I got the text from a friend, a twice a week customer to Buono's that they switched owners and the food is now garbage... it was like a family member died.
We had our daughters birthday here, our son and I used to go to lunch here every Saturday....
This was our family establishment.
Sure enough my family had to try the food with the new ownership.
The pizza was garbage.
It was cheapened up... how could it be?
I was in denial.
Maybe it was an off night.
That's allowed right?
So we tried it again, this time I didn't even want to eat pizza.
I tried the meatball parm sammy (which was always my go to meal) it was horrible.
Soggy bread with tasteless meatballs... what struck me the most was this was a Friday night... it was a ghost town!
Two tables sitting at 6:30 and a 20 minute wait for the pizza.
Back in the day on a Friday night, the place was packed and an hour wait for the pizza.
Well, it looks like I am back to square one.
I need to find a pizza place.
I am so  bummed that a place I gave 2 five star reviews now get's 1 star.
Gone are the days....

Probably the closest you will get to a NYC slice.
Have tried several that claim to be NY pizzerias in the valley and none compare to Buonos.
Best pizza in town!

I have been going to Buono's for about a year now.
I really like it.
Fast and friendly staff.
Great food!
And great prices!
Love this place!

I've been coming to Buono's since I was a sophomore at Dobson High.
23 years ago.
I grew up with  Buono's and always considered it my favorite pizza in the valley.
I live outside of Chicago now and sometimes I wake up in the middle of the night craving buono's.
This is another MUST stop whenever I come back to visit.
Apparently it's under new ownership now and based on a majority of the reviews the change isn't a good one.
I gotta be honest, the pizza I got tonight was great.
Maybe a little more cheese than they used to have bit that could also be "cook error" Nonetheless the pizza was great, not the best it's ever been but certainly not 1 star garbage like others have written.
I'd recommend it

1 star for the exceptional service & extra slow food preperation.
2 stars for the extra greasy pizza  I purchased a groupon for this place and finally got around to using it.
I wasn't in a hurry to use it even tho it had an expiration date because I called, spoke to somebody & they ensured me it wouldn't expire.
Walked into this place and had a hard time choosing the least dirty booth/table but finally made my choice and wiped off the left overs crumbs left on the table and seats.
I guess with only 1 waitress it's hard to take care of a couple tables so we had to wait a good 15-20 for a greeting.
No big deal.....
It just meant we had plenty of time to second guess our ordering decisions.
Which was a good thing because they were out of this & out of that on an early Saturday night.
Really??
We ordered a simple pepperoni pizza and it took over an hour for them to prepare and deliver it to our table.
There was enough grease on this pizza to save the govt millions in vehicle maintenance but since I'm not in the habit of bailing out the fat cats I quickly used an entire trees worth of napkins to solve the issue.
A little grated cheese, stale crushed peppers, garlic salt and voialla & edible pizza.
The pizza actually has good flavor and I enjoyed the crust which normally I don't.
I didn't want to chance my luck with letting down my taste buds so we opted out on the potentially fake Italian desert.
So here's where Bouno's helped establish their excellent one star review with me.
The waitress brought the bill & I gave here my groupon.
She quickly made an excuse on not taking the groupon because it was expired & I showed her on the groupon where it says it NEVER EXPIRES so she took it to her boss.
A $12 dollar groupon discount turned into a $6 discount.
Nothing makes me more sadder than a business not living up to their offer.
Don't put it out there if you have no honor.
Well, to wrap this up I'm gonna say good by to Bouno's & wish them luck cuz they're gonna need it if they plan on staying in business with such awesomeness.

I was born in the valley and I was introduced to Buonos about 15 years ago.
It is the best new york style pizza in the valley!
They have since changed owners and I really like the new beer selection and menu.
I also recommend the meatball sub.

Haven't been here in 20 Years Saw A Groupon And Figured I'd Try It Again.
.. good was not bad I've had better but it's not disgusting.
When I went to pay with my Groupon they wouldn't accept it.
The man who claimed to be the owner (he wasn't) did absolutely nothing to help me.
Very rude and almost seemed as if he Didn't Speak English.
NEVER GOING BACK

We stopped in for the 2 slice / 1 topping with drink combo.
Pepperoni slices were fresh out of the oven.
I love the traditional NY style pizza.
The slices were good size and perfect for folding in half.
Still one of our favorite pizza places when we are in the area.

I used to love this place when Jimmy owned it, and was a dedicated customer for over 10 years.
Their pizza was unbeatable, the service was awesome and it was a great business to be a patron of.
The new ownership is rude, inconsiderate and the food is absolutely awful.
I literally walked out of there telling them they sucked and that I would write this review for them - that's how rude and bad it was even dealing with them.
Then after trying the garbage I just paid for, my wife and I have agreed we will never give them our business again.
Stay away, far far away.
This place was a legend and now is a dump.

What has happened to this place?
This place used to be great and now your wasting your time if you are going to dine in.
Food is still good but service just sucks.
The place was dead on a Friday.
3 tables being used.
We order a pizza with 2 drinks and waited over 30 minutes for the pizza.
Our waitress never brought us plates or silverware and we never got a refill on our drinks.
The waitress did try to give us the pizza from another table.
Really 3 tables and you cant remember what pizza a table gets?
I guess she should stay away from the back of the store and playing with her phone.
This is the second time we have had such terrible service from this place.
We miss you Connie.
We wish you still had the place.
The people that run it now have destroyed this place.

My son and I went there just last week.
We ordered the 20" pizza with pepperoni and cheese.
It was one of the best pizza we've had there.
Yes, pizza is greasy, that's how they eat it in NY.
If the oil doesn't run down your are it isn't NY pizza.
I am sorry you all had bad experiences, especially those who had been long time customers.
I will try it again and see how we are treated.
I did find that if you go up to the counter and order your meal speeds thing up a litte.
I hate chains and the only other good pizza place.
If you don't say something to them while you are there eating they won't know you had a problem.
Writing a bad review means nothing if they don't see what was wrong.

This is my initial review of this place so it might change with more visits.
I tried this place for the first time this past weekend and we had a pepperoni pizza, garlic knots, hot wings, and fries.
Everything was brought out quickly and everything tasted on point.
I got to give them kuddoes because some places have good pizza and bad wings, but this place had both.
Great customer service.
We will be coming back!

