Cute clothes + good prices = a happy me.
Like XI, the quality isn't great but handwashing helps extend the life.

Signed up for yelp, just to post this.
Wish i could give negative stars.
Worst service ever!!!
Day after Christmas, my stepdaughter and I both needed to do an exchange, she needed a larger size and i needed a different color.
They were sold out of both, so we requested to make an equal exchange.
Since these were gifts, we did not have receipt, tags are still on.
We were told no receipt--no store credit and no exchange.
Not everyone gives the receipt when sending christmas presents.
The sales clerk said "Oh well".
Really?
That's how you treat customers.
I have shopped here almost 20 years and will never ever go there again!!!

Cute, trendy clothes.
The quality is much better than xi.
Always sales going on.

Tuesday night I walked into the store at approximately 8:20 pm, looking to get a black skirt.
I did not receive one greeting from the employees working, after a few minutes one finally said "what can I help you find?
" I responded that "I was just browsing".
I felt very rushed being glared at by employees that were clearly in a rush to get off work.
After being asked a second time if I need any help, I quickly picked up a black skirt and walked to the check out.
I did not try the skirt on because the employees continued to make me feel as though my being there was an inconvenience to them.
The next morning I put the skirt on and carefully took off the tag.
I noticed there was a hole in the back, and the tag sewn in to the back was ripped off.
Thursday evening I returned back to the Desert Ridge location to try and simply exchange it for a skirt without a hole.
I spoke with the merchandise manager that was on duty, she informed me despite the fact that I had a receipt and my tag she could not exchange the skirt because the price tag was not attached.
I informed her that when I was in on Tuesday I just picked one off the rack and checked out.
She said to me "that skirt should have been on the damaged rack.
" And she "didn't know how I got a damaged skirt with no tag.
" She told me there was still nothing she could do for me.
The fact that she did not do her job to put a hole-y skirt on the damaged rack, is not my problem.
It became my problem when I now have an unwearable skirt that I cannot even exchange because your 16 year old employees are so pathetically lazy.
Call me crazy, but I did not even ask for my money back after this horrible experience, all I wanted was another skirt without any holes.

Great place to shop at Desert Ridge.
My husband and I spotted a really cute outfit in the window for our daughter but she was at AMC.
The clerk said to send our daughter back in after the movie and they will hold her stuff for her until I could get back to pay for what she had picked out.
Now that is great service.
They always have great prices.

