This dry cleaner is close to my house, so I gave it a try and have gone back 2 times.
I haven't had any problem with the actual cleaning, which is why I gave them two stars instead of one.
The problem is that they can never seem to clean my clothes fast.
The first time they told me that same day cleaning wasn't available because their pickup came earlier than expected that day (not that I missed the normal cutoff time).
The second time, I didn't need same day, but they couldn't even do next day service.
I was told that they have 5 stores, and people procrastinated all their dropoffs until the beginning of the week.
Isn't that what people always do?
Shouldn't the fact that you have 5 stores mean you can figure out a way to actually get all your dry cleaning needs met?
If I was putting up with slow service because the dry cleaning was cheap, that would be one thing, but this place is not a bargain by any stretch.
I think I'll try over paying at the Organic Dry Cleaners across the street.

Got a pair of pants hemmed.
Nothing special, just a normal hem on a normal pair of pants.
I didn't even think to ask how much it would cost.
$18.
I guess since they're in desert ridge they feel they can charge whatever they want.
I won't be going here again, for alterations or dry cleaning.

I needed to get some pants hemmed and this joint is the sister property for the cleaners I regularly use.
I called around the area and discovered that the normal price for hemming pants is $18, which is what they charge....a lot higher than what I'm use to, but what other choice do I have at this point?
I dropped them off on a Saturday and they were ready by Wednesday.
When I tried them on, they fit perfectly!
That's all you can ask for, right?
If I find a lower cost alteration place I'll probably give them a shot, but until then this will be my 'go to' place.
Return Factor - 80%

I would like to give Desert Ridge Cleaners 0 stars.
This is by far the worst cleaners I've ever been to and I've been to many cleaners in many cities.
I choose this cleaners because it is 2 minutes away from my house and what a mistake that was!
Not only is it extremely expensive, but the tailor screwed up my alterations.
I brought in a pair of white pants to be hemmed with the original bottoms.
The tailor nodded like he understood, but it was hard to tell as he doesn't speak English too well.
When I picked up my pants I noticed that you could see the hem right through the pants.
I have never seen this before before and I get all my pants hemmed.
He basically folded the cuff under to "hem" the pants and sewed the part inside the pants - it looked like a 4 year old did it.
I was outraged and asked him to fix it.
I came back a few hours later and he fixed it which made me think he just did a terrible job because of laziness.
Don't go here - they are rude and do a horrible job.

I work near this dry cleaner and dropped my stuff off a few days back.
Picked up my clothes the next day and was pleased -- no weird dry cleaning smell and everything was done right (no missing buttons or stains etc.
)  I used a $5 off coupon from their website.

Worst dry cleaners in the valley!
They lost a pair of pants and then acted as if they did me a favor for finding them.
No apology from the manager when I picked them up the next day.
Quite frankly for what they charge, one would think they would offer superior customer service and a quicker turn around time than the $2.50 dry cleaners.
I will never use Desert Ridge Cleaners again.

I'm sure like most people, we go to the cleaners that happens to be nearby.
So for me, the one nearby was fine enough over the years, but no longer.
I dropped some items off recently and 3 of them came back with what could only be described as oily spots.
I spoke with the manager, told them that not only was this not acceptable, but I wasn't going to pay for them and wanted them to redo.
They said they tried their best and what's done is done.
A store credit was given, but this does not make up for the fact that the pieces are ruined.
They told me that the material is difficult to work with and this happens often.
My response was that if they knew the material was sensitive, why did they bother in the first place.
I would have been much better off it they told me this up front so I could have not had them done or known before hand to risk it.
I will now be taking my business elsewhere to the other cleaners around the other corner.

They have lost another pair of pants.
When I asked about what they were going to do to remedy the situation all they could do is come up with excuses.
Either I had actually never brought the pants to them in the first place or I had left the pants there too long.
I will never use this cleaners again.
I live in desert ridge and have a business in desert ridge and will either use the organic cleaners or find another option.
I should have known there was a problem with this business when i had to send my wifes dress to texas and have a friend clean it because this cleaner told me it couldn't be cleaned.
It came back from texas spotless.
ken E.

Any previous reviews that had above a 2-star rating ... check the date.
They're old.
This place is quite pricey.
The reason I went was because I saw a sign that they had a tailor on site.
Well, yes, but ... the tailor is only there M-F until 5pm.
So unless you can get off early or come on your lunch break (which I'm sure everyone is dying to do), you're not going to get you pants hemmed.
And the tailor isn't in on weekends.
Safety pins sound better at this point.
Check out Sew Now Alterations at 4030 E Bell Rd instead.
They're just a lot more flexible.

I read the bad reviews about the tailor but I have been there about 4 times and everything has looked good every time.
I think the last 3 times I have just pinned the stuff myself so not sure about how anything he needs to pin works out.
I just go because it's convenient but I just did pay $20 to have a dress hemmed.
Not sure what they would charge elsewhere but I haven't had any problems so far so I keep going.

I'm not sure if they even deserve one star!
Have been there before with no problems but when I went to drop off items to be cleaned at 8:30 am and asked if I could do "Same Day Service" the clerk turned to ask another and she said no I have already done all of them???
What does that mean?
I felt I was there early and they didn't offer to give me a reason it was just a flat NO!
Very rude and uncalled for.
I will NEVER go back to this place again.
By the way I did drop my items off at another cleaners and they were happy to do "Same Day Service".

Today is my last day going there.
I've had it.
I absolutely love the owner, I believe she's the owner?
but the other ladies that work there are so unhelpful and rude.
I was told my items would be ready today and I didn't get a ticket because I have a good relationship with the woman owner.
The young lady proceeded to tell me my items wouldn't be ready until 5pm when I'm leaving for Chicago.
She said I was given a ticket when I wasn't and pretty much insinuated that I was lying.
Such poor communication.
Also, they are very expensive.
A week before this I dropped off some things I needed altered and the young woman just looked at me saying, "you'll have to come back later when the alterations person is here.
I can't help you".
All I needed to be fixed was moving 3 buttons over and repairing a whole in a pair of leggings.
She couldn't have explained that to him when he got in?
I came back the next day when the woman owner was in and again the alterations person wasn't in.
I explained what I needed him to fix, and she said, "no problem, I'll have that ready for you on Wednesday".
Very confusing.

Avoid at all costs.
Lost my husbands $85 pants and could only offer a $40 check as compensation.
Terrible customer service- calls never returned.
Pants lost sept 29th...
Finally got a check November 15th.
AVOID !
AVOID !
AVOID !

I have done business with Desert Ridge Cleaners a few times previously out of necessity (proximity to where I work).
This last time..i was asking their tailor to mend a quarter inch tear near my suit pocket.
After more than a week, I picked them up and it appeared as if a small child did the sewing.
Although the tear was slightly smaller, there were threads hanging out and the inside pocket was sewn to the pants now.
I showed it to the attendant and she said "you'll have to talk with the manager...I'm new".
I let her know I would be taking them to another tailor.
She then said "well if you do we won't refund any of your money".
I asked her to have the manager contact me...that was Monday and still no call.
Also, they advertise "same day dry cleaning".
On many occasions I have been there before 8am and they said they could not guarantee my clothes would be back.
So much for same day.
Bad service with poor tailoring.

Having just re-located to the area we need to find a good reliable reasonable cleaner and thought we would try Desert Ridge first as they are close.
Over all they did a reasonable job with shirts and dry cleaning but are at leat two to three times more expensive then what I was expecting - I can't believe people pay these prices - For us though it's off to find some other place - Very doubtful if we'd return based on the high cost.

Claim same day service but they have not been able to accommodate my request ever!?
Berated me because my husbands shirts were not completely unbuttoned and they did not want them unless I wanted to pay an extra charge.
Too much trouble!
Cleaning was actually fairly good in my experience but they have too many rules and terribly poor customer service.
Avoid

