I have been here several times, it is close to my work.
Always get me right in and the staff is friendly and the prices are average.
They let me know when I need a new battery, windshield wipers, tires, air filter etc.

I came here based on another review online, looking for a place that was open and nearby to do an oil change on a Sunday.
They provided excellent customer service, and were both quick and friendly.
I was the last customer on a Sunday evening, and they stayed about 20 minutes after business hours to ensure that all of my needs were met.
They were not pushy and they didn't short-change me on any services despite my holding them up from going home on time.
They certainly exceeded my expectations as I've not always had the best experience with Jiffy Lube.
I will certainly go back here in the future.

This will be my 4th time going to this jiffy lube this year.
Everything is priced appropiately and almost always a coupon deal going on as long as you check the website.
With my recent experience here (6/2/2014) I had received nothing but great customer service.
I called at first and talked to Brandon to figure out how much my oil change would be on my 2000 acura RL.
I then asked about any coupon offers that he knew of and prompted me to go to the jiffy lube website.
Since I was out running erronds I would not of been able to run home and print my coupon..Brandon then told me I would be able to just show the promo code to Luis the store manager for 10 $ off.
(Which is great because I just got back from vegas hehe)   Everything probably took about 25 minutes total.
There were no cars there besides 1 other.
The best thing about this specific jiffy lube is that there is a bar (O'kellys sports grill) right next door.
I was able to have a small beer and continue on with my erronds at a timely manner.
Thank you jiffy lube !
I will definitely be returning to this location whenever my next oil change or anything else comes up.

They where friendly and helpful prices where fare and I was happy with the service on my daughters car.
She will be back.

No waiting in line.
All bays were open.
Inside waiting area was very clean and smelled nice too.
The gentlemen that helped me were polite and efficient.

