I.love.this.place.
Just really love it love it love it.
I decided to come here because really, I felt like crap and needed a change.
I was angry, stressed, and tense all the time, and I was tired from it.
I'm not big on exercise at all, so the first couple of weeks were awkward because some of the exercises seemed silly and I just wasn't familiar with the routine of....moving my body?
I would have normally quit from feeling so inadequate, but the people that work there were so incredibly friendly and helpful that I never felt embarrassed or bad for being so new to everything.
I love coming here now -- this is the place where I can go to just let go of everything and stop to breathe!
It is an incredibly freeing experience, especially if you are like me, where I always get tense and unconsciously hold my breath when I'm stressed (keep an eye out for that and you will see that you do the same too!
)  I've learn a lot about myself physically, mentally, and spiritually from Dahn Yoga - I feel so incredibly grateful to this place and the people that work there; they take such personal care for everyone's well being and happiness, what other place does that?
Seriously, this is an awesome place!
If you check it out just make sure to say hi to me, k?
We can laugh and breathe together!

Absolutely love this place!
I have never done yoga before coming to Dahn Yoga and now I am addicted!
The first class I was a little nervous to try it out but heard all the wonderful benefits and feeling you have after.
The staff was extremely friendly and made me feel so comfortable and same with everyone that attended the class.
I now come here often to relieve stress and feel better both physically and mentally.
Highly recommend this place!!

I went to a Dahn yoga in Mesa.
NOT traditional yoga.
It's actually rather cult-like.
Beware.

I joined Dahn Yoga-Tempe Center in April 2012.
Since that time, I have more flexibility and have learned postures to relieve my back spasms.
I try to attend on Wednesday when we focus on Tai Chi, and have learned the inner-peace of meditation.
The instructors are very knowledgeable and accomplished in the art of Dahn Yoga and Tai Chi.
They make it fun and personally rewarding.

Before coming to the Tempe Dahn Yoga center, I had tried yoga at home without any noticeable results.
But attending these classes where the expert Master's guide us in a balance of Yoga, Tai Chai and Brain Wave Vibration has made a world of difference.
For those that want to feel more than just the physical benefits of exercise, the Master's are willing and able to guide them towards developing their awareness of their own energy to achieve the blissful state that takes many 'yogis" years to achieve.
In the year since I joined the center I have witnessed remarkable turn-arounds of member's health issues.
I myself have never felt better.... physically, mentally and spiritually.
I heartily recommend practice at this center to anyone who wants to "be the best they can be".

My friend and I were looking to add some exercise into our schedule, so we each purchased a Groupon for ten classes at Dahn Yoga.
I was expecting some typical yoga classes--you know, downward dog pose and such...
The experience ended up being completely different than I expected.
At Dahn, they practice a traditional Korean style of yoga that focuses highly on meditation and affirmation.
I did break a sweat during the first portion, although I am not very graceful and had trouble with many of the poses that were unfamiliar to me.
During the second half of class, we had to do a few things I was NOT used to.
For instance, we had to listen to strange jungle music and kick our legs up in the air for a good five minutes.
I'm pretty shy about that kind of thing, so I felt really embarrassed and was wondering what I got myself into.
But during the following meditation portion, I began to feel really relaxed.
We were supposed to feel an energy ball between our hands, and it actually did feel like something was there.
I left the session feeling very relaxed, limber, and destressed.
I've gone to about seven classes since, and am kind of hooked.
I always go in feeling stressed from work and life but leave feeling great!
The exercise and stretches really help me to loosen up, and the meditation time is nice as I don't get a lot of "quiet" during the rest of my week.
I'm becoming less and less inhibited about the exercises I find "strange.
"   I should also mention that the instructors are SO nice.
They have, on more than one occasion, spent extra time with my friend and I after class to make sure we have the poses down and feel comfortable.
Since my Groupon expires soon, I went ahead and signed up for more classes.
The instructor was really nice about helping me choose a membership that works with my budget.
Overall, I wouldn't recommend Dahn if you're looking for typical exercise-focused yoga classes, or are easily embarassed.
But if you want to try something new and have a great outlet for destressing, I'd definitely recommend giving it a try.
They occassionally will offer free classes for people to come and check it out.
A few notes for new patrons:  -Wear socks!
The ones with the "grip" at the bottom work great!
-You don't need to bring your own yoga mat--the studio's floor is a big mat.
-Occasionally there are partner activities, so it's nice to come with a friend.
-Don't expect "typical" yoga, but be open to something new!

I love Dahn Yoga!
I found this practice about seven months ago and my life will never be the same!
The benefits I have seen so far and continue to see keep me coming back.
My posture has improved.
I have lost 20 pounds.
I have more energy.
I love being in my body and I feel balanced and truly love my life now!
This is so much more than exercise...come find out for yourself!

