BUYER BEWARE!!!
After having this company out to my home to repair a garage door (which due to lack of communication within the company resulted unnecessarily in multiple visits from different technicians to my home...each technician providing us with different information than the prior as to the extent of repair necessary), we discovered that 3 tactical weapon knives were suddenly missing after the final technician's visit.
We immediately notified the business owner.
After multiple phone calls to the owner, he finally responded that "you have no proof or evidence that my guys took them.
"  I notified the owner that I am filing a formal (under perjury of law) police report about this incident and filing complaints with all relevant licensing/consumer agencies.
BUYER BEWARE!!

DO NOT call Cactus Garage Doors to fix your garage door!
If I could give them no stars, I would.
It's been a month since our garage door broke.
Because we're working with a home warranty company, and this is the only place in town that fixes the garage door, we have to use them, but they are extremely unprofessional.
The first technician came out and was extremely rude to my husband and said we needed a very expensive, special-order part.
They called the next day to "get us back on the schedule.
"  When I asked the about the "special-order part," they said, "we've got something here that will work.
"  When they came out, they did not bring that "special order part," and in fact, that part wasn't ordered, so the garage door couldn't be fixed.
They said, "We'll call you.
"  Two weeks later, no phone call, so I called them.
"Oh, we can have you on the schedule tomorrow between 8 and 12," they said.
"Great!
" I said.
Guess what?
No one showed up!
No one called to say they weren't showing up!
I called them, and the receptionist said, "You're on our schedule.
Let me call the installer.
"  Guess what?
"I can't get a hold of the installer," she said.
They finally called and rescheduled for today between 9 and 1.
I have little faith that they're actually going to come, and if they do, I bet they won't have the right part.
Worst experience ever!!

Absolutely awful.
We had to use them through the home warranty (first American).
They've been here 4 times and it is not fixed.
The technician called the office and told them he doesn't think the part they ordered was the right one (125lb spring for a 130lb door) and they told him to install it anyway.
Surprise, the door doesn't work and the tech thinks it's the board (all of a sudden).
Can't get a resolution through first American and we have now taken off 4 days of work to get this done with no results.
The company is a joke.
Don't risk it.

