Home sweet home love it ...only wish is more hot water for showers other than that it's a great place to live

Worst Apt I have ever lived at!
I have lived at Aventerra for almost 18 months.
Since I moved in it has gotten worse and worse.
Aventerra has changed owners multiple times and now is owned by the bank.
There has been at least 3 management companies that have run this place.
My mail box was broken in to multiple times and it took management 2 months to fix it.
Since the bank took over ownership Management has been letting anyone move in.
The people that live below me are the most ghetto people I have met.
They scream and fight all hours of the night.
This has been reported to Management and to the Police.
Nothing ever is done.
Avoid this place!!

My lease is up in a couple months and I can't wait to get out of this place.
When I came to check out the property at first, everything seemed great.
The lady I talked to was super nice, the staged apartment looked nice (of course) and it just seemed like a place I would be happy to live in.
On the day of my move in, one of the ladies in the office drove me to my apartment for a walkthrough.
I immediately notice a pretty obvious stain on the carpet in the living room, she says she'll tell the maintenance and have it fixed before I come back (I had to leave to get my stuff and come back).
Of course it wasn't when I came back, I'm just waiting for them to try and charge me for it on move out....  A couple months back I woke up and discovered that my water was shut off.
I pondered for a minute trying to see if I had forgotten to pay my water or accidentally turned it off, I hadn't.
So I call the office to see what's going on and the woman who answered says, "Oh, you didn't get the notice?
"  Uhhhhh, no.
That's why I'm calling you.
APPARENTLY the night before (around 7-8pm according to her) they put notices on everyone's doors letting them know that the water was going to be shut off for a few hours due to emergency problems with something.
When I asked why I didn't receive one, she made excuses about neighbor kids possibly taking the notice down or maybe it's because they used an outside vendor to put the notices up.
Wow, thanks for taking responsibility for this, not having water is kind of a big deal that I would have liked to know about ahead of time.
Within the last couple weeks they've been doing quite a bit of construction, a good deal of which occurs right outside my bedroom window.
You would think that if you're going to be using a bulldozer or other such loud construction machine that you would wait until a semi-reasonable hour to do so, so as not to wake your tennants.
That thought obviously never crossed the minds of the management company as I'm usually awakened around 8am.
Last week, the water was shut off AGAIN!
This time I did receive a notice (small consolation) but the fact that my water has been shut off twice in a matter of months due to no fault of mine bothers me.
I'm definitely counting down to my move out date.

Ok, so the complex is under new management as of 2012.
I thought I should give them a chance, and see if they were any better than the absolutely abysmal previous management.
It's been a few months, and nothing has changed at all.
Nothing.
THIS PLACE STILL SUCKS.
So here are the big issues.
Firstly, and let me be clear on this, ROACHES.
Seriously, people- It's like "Joe's Apartment", circa 1996 in this place (Google it if you don't know the movie.
Trust me on this.
), and *no*- that's not due to my cleaning regimen.
I keep this place spotless, but it doesn't make a bit of difference.
Every so often, Mr. Cockroach and his drinking buddies come gallivanting across my living room, casual as could be.
Tiny, harmless little things, you say?
Nay nay.
Giant, likely radioactive, arrogant little bastards.
To the roach's credit, it's not like it's their fault.
Interlopers, to be sure, but honestly- who could blame them for coming in.
There are HUGE GAPING HOLES under the kitchen and bathroom cabinets.
That's how they were built.
Ridiculous.
Second, every unit has a "wooden" balcony on the back porch (I'm convinced they're made of freaking balsa wood).
These things have degraded to such a state that I kid you not, I could push gently upon them and watch with glee as they tumble to the ground below- provided they don't simply blow away in the wind beforehand.
Incredibly unsafe, absolutely not up to code, and from what I've been told, there are no plans to repair/replace them anytime soon.
Hope you don't like going outside your Roach Palace, cause you'll probably fall to your doom if you try.
Speaking of which- what's the point of going outside?
The entire place is covered in sparse "Sonoran" gravel and bone-dry earth.
Ambiance, not good.
The word "wasteland" comes to mind.
If the landscaping wasn't bad enough, and you do survive the harrowing trek across what basically amounts to a creaky rope bridge (i.e.
your balcony, walkways or stairs), you'll get to enjoy the delightfully colorful and "salt of the earth" people that apparently rent the rest of this place out.
I'm not making a word of this up.
I've had to call the police to stop fist-fights in the parking lot at least 10 times.
Also had an old man who frequented the 1 tired and parched bush that still survives outside my unit to take a piss, after draining a couple of tallboys by the dumpster, presumably on his way home from work.
Guy did this practically daily.
Not that I'd need to call the cops, really- they're basically in the complex at all times, what with the domestic and animal abuse, theft, etc.
that happens here daily.
By the by, when I give someone a rent check, and they say "thanks" and mark my rent as paid, I generally don't expect a threatening eviction letter on my door, due to the fact that the office "must have lost the check somewhere".
Never found it, either.
I had to close the bank account it was written on- and they had the nerve to try and charge me a late fee!!?
That takes some real balls.
To their credit, most of the maintenance team does good work (at least within the management's complete refusal to give them any money for repairs, parts, etc), but don't expect them to actually replace anything.
Fresh coat of paint or a good kludge is about the best you can expect.
They had to PAINT my bathtub twice now.
Yes, you read that correctly.
Giant pieces of paint began to flake off of my tub- lead based or otherwise, I wasn't privy- and their solution was to basically kick us out of our apartment for the next two days, as the noxious fumes from whatever they sprayed over the tub and shower would have killed off everyone inside (except maybe the aforementioned roaches, which WILL NOT DIE).
That's the solution to a chipping and flaking tub.
Paint it.
Not even an 8-year old would think that was smart.
Oh, almost forgot to mention the overall condition of the units inside.
Disgusting isn't a powerful enough word to make my point here.
Filthy, once-white but now very much NOT white carpeting which is ill-fitting, and clearly not done by a professional (almost an inch gap between the carpeting and the wall, which doesnt have any baseboards by the way), the haphazardly painted walls, some parts glossy, some not, and some random grey wall in the living room- don't forget the gaping holes in the cabinetry, etc.
They didn't even clean the damned toilet before we moved in.
So yeah, if you're thinking of renting here, I say basically run screaming from this place as fast as you can.
You know someone else who lives here?
Avoid them, they're probably ex-cons or selling drugs.
To the new management, get your act together and fix these incredibly glaring problems, and maybe- just maybe- the place won't get condemned.
CLOWN SHOES.

I have been living here for almost two years now, when my husband and I first moved in it was great!
Everyone in the office was awesome and the maintenance workers really cared.
Since Greystar has taken over they are giving incentive to let inconsiderate tenants move in.
I have been dreading living here since then.
I have complained time and time again about hood rat kids with their subwoofers, drug dealers making deals in broad daylight in front of me!
I was flabbergasted when I first saw this happen!
Don't get me wrong, the inside of the apartments are very nice, new sinks, stove,refrigerator, and new microwave.
Since the management has taken over the new maintenance workers half ass work, the people in the office are rude ( they also have a lady that cannot properly dress, she looks like she's going to the club in her hoochie clothes, instead wearing business attire.
) I for one would not recommend this place, they are about to raise the rent to $675.00 a month!
This is not worth it!
Find somewhere else!

I haven't noticed any bugs and the Maintenance team is great.
Pet friendly even a dog park.
Now that they have hired a pet waste removal service, it doesn't stink so much.
The late night noise from parties at the pool is horrible.
The Mesa PD is in here a lot.
You have to pass a background check to move-in but it would appear there are a few low-lifes that fell through that crack.
Overall, I would not recommend these apartments unless you like living in a loud, party central complex that can offer you neighbors that are taking part in criminal activities.

First day I moved in management screwed up and had me at another unit when I set everything up for the one we agreed on.
When I entered my unit (i wanted a washer/dryer unit) it was very dirty and not move in ready.
I had movers waiting to come in so I did not make a fuss and just went with it.
I informed them immediately that I would need it cleaned within that week since the tub, kitchen and other areas were filthy.
The washer and dryer unit had old socks stuck in a small area and it was all really gross.
I contacted them several times and no one came to clean up I decided to just hire cleaning services so I could feel comfortable in my new home.
I lived here for a year and half and I agree with the comments posted here this place is not worth the trouble.
They do present it as a nicer place when touring the complex and they make it seem like there is a background check but there is a lot of police activity here and some of my experiences made me highly doubt they were exclusive when selecting tenants.
I would hear tons of domestic disputes between couples, cars would get broken all the time in the parking lot.
I was lucky and never had anything happen to my car but I would see so many broken windows.
The worst was that the people that lived directly below me got evicted but before they left they decided to trash the apartment spoiled milk, just went to town with garbage all over the place.
Everyone in the unit complained about the smells coming from that apt and the management said nothing could be done I myself left about 5 messages.
It was over a week and half were we lived with horrible smells it wasn't until some tenants threatened to take legal action when it was finally cleaned.
The unit size for a 1 bedroom is large and if you can deal with bad management and high crime activity its not a horrible place to live but I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.

My friend lives at this apartment complex and every time I've been there to visit her or pick her up/drop her off when we've gone places, there are scurvy looking people outside smoking cigarettes or dope.
Her newest neighbor is this way and throws his butts at her doorstep.
I told her she ought to sweep them up and dump them on his porch!
Her apartment is nice and spacious inside but smells like smoke and very musty right by her front door area.
I tell her this and she laughs it off, saying "You get used to it after a while".
No, you don't!
You have something done about it is what you do!
HELLO!
She has problems with her neighbors a lot, whether it's Bob Marley the Dread Head acrossed from her dumping his butts at her door, or the people upstairs dumping theirs onto her porch and also making noise and blasting their stereo at all hours of the night.
I've told her she needs out of there and she says once her lease is up, she is moving to a different place.
Her mom has had run-ins with the management here and has complained about the butts everywhere, even to the point of counting them up, sweeping them into a bag, and taking them to the office to prove that people are dumping them all over her daughter's porch (my friend does not smoke either).
The management here sucks, from what my friend says, and from the other reviews I've read on this place, I totally believe it!
I wouldn't live at this place, even if I were desperate!

I live here now and my husband has been here for over 4 years.
It has gone Extremely down hill.
If it weren't for how close the school is from here we would of moved a while ago when it was bought over by this new company.
maintenance SUCKS!
It took them over 3 months to finish replacing our tub.
There are also over 5 cars in this complex that have been just sitting there for MONTHS with more than one sticker on them that have not been towed.
That is the reason for the no parking problem.
The front office only gives a BS reason and nothing gets done.
This place was build in the 70s so it has a lot more issues that they try to cover up and that maintenance can not fix.
Honest word of advice DON'T LIVE HERE!
i'm trying to save you the headache of dealing with this apartment complex.
Yes they are very nice here but its all a sham.

I lived at Aventerra for nearly three years and it definitely had it's ups and downs.
I would say it was a 2.5 star experience, but definitely not good enough for me to round up.
Aventerra went through multiple management changes (Laramar, Greystar, and Bridge Property Management) while I was a tenant.
Throughout all the changes, maintenance was an issue.
My A/C broke multiple times in the height of summer, my sink leaked, there were gaps around my doors, and assorted other issues.
For the most part these are to be expected in an older building, however they should still be addressed promptly.
My A/C was out for multiple days before being repaired, I didn't have hot water for more than a week, my washing machine took a week to repair (the excuse was "well we have laundry facilities on site, so it's not a priority", despite the fact that I paid extra to have said washing machine in my unit), and so on.
One of my biggest complaints about my apartment was the poor insulation, which made my living room unbearable in summer afternoons.
There were gaps around the doorways and the sun beat down unimpeded on my ancient and poorly fitted arcadia door.
I lived alone in a one bedroom unit and my electric bill in the summer months was nearly $200.
The grounds were vastly improved over the course of my stay at Aventerra.
The parking structures were repaired, the recreation facilities (that I never used) were remodeled, and the landscaping went up a notch.
Contrary to what others have described, I was never the victim of any theft or crime.
To be certain there were some unsavory neighbors in the complex, but I didn't experience any direct theft or violence, nor did I witness any drug deals and so on.
There were a lot of younger tenants and they made quite a racket at times with obnoxious parties (several of which were broken up by security) and loud music.
My advice to anyone looking to rent an apartment from Aventerra is that you choose your unit carefully.
Make sure it does not get the afternoon sun, and look for one in which the A/C unit has recently been replaced.
With rent specials and other deals, it's not a terrible place to live, but don't expect the height of luxury.
Also, if you are a light sleeper, don't live downstairs.
There is virtually no sound buffer between the units, so it generally sounded like my neighbors were a pack of rampaging elephants.

Let me just start by saying I never write reviews ever.. but I felt that I needed to warn people about this place.
I have been a resident at aventerra for a year now and I am so greatful to be moving out!
Aventerra has recently switched management (again) to Bridge property management and we have had problems since day one at this place.
When we first moved in we noticed several things wronge with the apartment.
First, The trim by the front door was broken in several places, the door to our washer and dryer was broken and wont shut, there were obviouse holes that had been in the wall from the previouse tenant and the kitchen counters were completley torn up and after only living there a few months our disposal had to be replaced because it started leaking everywhere.
The maitenance is terrible... there are a few that are very nice and do a good job but one of the maintenance guys has a history of being innapropriate with female tennants and he had worked for the previous  management company but was fired for his innapropriate behavior with female tennants.
We experienced this first hand when he came into my apartment to do a work order and then he called me  "hott" and made me feel extremely uncomfortable and started trashing the other company that fired him and that to me makes him and the company look unprofessional.
The office staff is almost always rude except for candace she is amazing and was so helpful whenever I had an issue.
The residents are very sketchy.. there where constant fights breaking out all the time, drug busts, and theft.
One day we got home after dinner and there were a group of 20+ guys in a circle beating eachother up in the parking lot and the cops had to come and break it up but werent able to catch any of them because they all ran when they saw police lights.
Right now they are currently painting the outside of the buildings all different colors that look very tacky and they also are renovating the gym wich they said would only be closed for 2 weeks but it has been over a month now.
The only things I actually like about the place is the big swimming pool and they have a huge hot tub so everyone can have their own space.
I also really like the lake view and golf corse but other than that its a rough place dont waste your time.

I recently met with the property management company bridge and spoke to darla the manager about fees that had been posted to our account after we had moved out.
I called them several times left vm the day of our move out to try to set up a time for us to drop off the keys but they never returned our calls.
8 days later they finally called me back the manager darla was extremely rude when I was questioning the charges and asking for my documents she gave me a blank sheet for the key sign off and tried to get me to sign it without the final charges filled in.
When I told her I wasn't going to sign it but I would like to keep the the paperwork to show to my attorney she ripped it out of my hands and told me I couldn't have it then I took it back and told her it was my document and I have a right to it.
I then took a picture of the original copy that she was trying to take away from me.
She made up another copy and then told me to shoo and get out.
Then started blaming me for why they didn't do their job and call or email me back when I tried several times to find a way to drop off our keys.
There is something very wrong with this company they are very manipulative, rude and completely Incompetent.
I would not recommend this property to anyone with the current management bridge.
My husband and I feel like they just ignored us for those  days to let the fees eat up our deposit we were supposed to get back.
Luckily we have everything documented so we won't have to be charged with the ridiculous fees.

I lived there from September 2012 to March 2014.
During that time several issues arose.
The apartment itself is fine.
If there was a maintenance problem, it was handled in a timely manner.
There is no water pressure in the shower!
Drove me nuts.
I would have to take a bath to wash my hair.
However, a majority of the tenants left something to be desired.
I had someone curse at me because my two small dogs, a cocker spaniel and a mini schnauzer, startled them as I was coming out of my apartment.
I mean extremely vulgar profanity.
I did report this to the office and they did talk to her.
While walking my dogs another time I came upon a altercation between two tenants while in my hearing threats of gun violence were involved.
I called the police.
Another time, I came home from work and the swat team and Mesa pd were on the scene due to a tenant shooting his firearm into the apartment upstairs barely missing the tenant while he was sleeping in bed and hitting the ceiling fan above him.
The suspect refused to come out of his apt and tear gas had to be thrown in his apartment!
The stand off lastest for several hours.
All over the complex was dog poop.
It's seems as though at least half the dogs owners there did not pick up after their dog.
The doggie stations only had baggies 50% of the time.
They also were only changing the trash bags full of dog feces once a week.
I did complain several times to management to no avail.
New management did take over at the beginning of 2014, but during the time I was still living there, nothing changed.
Also, cigarette butts everywhere!
It was disgusting.
I also complained of this to no avail.
They did send a flyer out telling tenants to not throw their butts out, but no enforcement.
There were cigarette butts all around my apt and I don't smoke.
The neighbors above me would get done with a cigarette and just throw it to the ground in front of my balcony.
I was extremely frustrated living in these conditions.
Also, when I left, I got an email explaining why I wasn't getting my deposit back, etc.
I called to ask a question because the statement was not itemized so I wasn't sure what cost what.
Apparently, even though I left the apartment very clean, even washing the windows going behind the fridge and stove to remove all dirt, vacuuming, made it look really nice.
They stated they had to replace the carpeting due to my dogs.
That's fine.
I accepted that.
They took my deposit as well as stating I still owed $95.
The manager?
Ryan, I believe, was very unprofessional claiming he wasn't the one who sent me the email, that that person was gone, etc.
ok, so what?
It was his job to answer my questions in a professional manner.
I did tell him he was being unprofessional and he did apologize.
Overall, I would not recommend this place, not at all.

