I came here looking for answers to my chronic all over body pain.
Dr. Crowley and the rest of the staff are amazing!
It's a rare thing to find a doctor who will listen to you and take time to answer any questions.
I'm an RN so I'm somewhat skeptical of physicians.
I highly recommend this practice.
Dr. Crowley went above and beyond when I told her about my troubles finding a psychiatrist and she immediately got me an appointment with an amazing doctor!
I have some answers now and even though I still have the pain, it is easier to deal with knowing I have such an amazing medical staff to help me through it.

You will find a running theme from people  at the various offices they have , about how they are treated when it comes down to money issues-very poor.Sadly, this overshadows their work.
The business office I would liken to a Nazi culture.
Totally unprofessional IMO.
Medically, they do a very good job and I was a patient for 10+ years.
Kathy  who is in charge in the back and Scott Brown , a P.A.
,  are great at this office(Thomas Rd, Phoenix).
I rarely got to see Dr. Tesser -maybe twice a year,  but Scott kept me mmostly out of pain from my RA and him and I had a great rapport , always talking about sports or motorcycles.I hate doctors and did not mind going to see these folks.
Then things changed, on one visit they administered an Infusion to me without getting the prior authorization.
They sent me a bill after the insurance did not pay for it because of their mistake.
It is not my job to get the prior authorization, it is theirs.
And,  I was flabbergasted to get a bill and a demand for payment of $200.I discovered all of this after the incident below:  For the next 18 months I visited them every 60 days or so and then one day I tried to make an appointment and was told by staff I could no longer make appointments.
They referred me to the Head of Billing and gave me her direct line.
I called the person from my car and had Billing on speakerphone so my friend who is also a patient could be a witness.
I went through another back and forth with billing about what was billed, when it was for etc.
Ms. Head of Billing acknowledged she received my certified letter back undelivered (the one discharging me as a patient)  but proceeded to tell me that the "Practice" had decided to discharge me as a patient.
Her explanation was that I was too much trouble as a patient and that it was a group decision to "discharge" me.
I was floored and got emotionally upset and was not happy at all to hear this.
Especially after 10 years and thousands of dollars of business they got from me.
Being discharged after 10 years for a $200 billing disagreement was and still is shocking to me.
Granted, it was unresolved but that is because the charges could never be validated.They still cannot tell me what it is for though i figured it out myself.
I tried to speak to someone else and she refused to transfer me to anyone.
I asked for her supervisor's name and she said she was the only person I could talk to and that the decision was final and I had no recourse and no, there was no one else to talk to.
"Surely you have a supervisor" I asked.
She avoided a direct answer and repeated herself that there was no one else to talk to.
I asked her if she knew that my RA is pretty aggressive, that I had just had my 10th anniversary as a patient and did she realize I would be without medication etc.
and she did not care-100% cold-hearted about the situation.
I offered to pay the bill blindly even though she could not tell me clearly what the bill was for "might be your deductible" she said.
My friend witnessed the entire call (since it was on speakerphone) and can attest to the content of the call, her rude demeanor and her inability to tell me what the bill was for.
Essentially, I was fired as a patient and there was nothing to be done about it.
So, the morale of the story is, if you get on the radar of the 'Billing  Nazi' for ANY REASON i.e.
cancelling appointments, disagree about over billing or anything financial, you should find another doctor because they are going to "discharge" you the first chance they get.
When Dr. Gluck was alive and they were on 19th Avenue(before the name change) this was a friendly and helpful office.
His sudden passing must have affected them financially because shortly thereafter, they became part of  Arizona Arthritis & Rheumatology Associates, P.C.
They have never been the same since!
Good Luck.

Unbelievably bad service.
They made me wait 1.5 hours for my appt and then treated me like I was just another source of revenue.
5 minutes with a PPA and then maybe 10 minutes with the Dr.
The Dr looked he was annoyed to treat me.
Then some blood work and then come back and see us in three months, with no help in between.
When you call to make or change an appt you have to listen to a 10 min long commercial on what they can do and are placed on hold forever to talk to someone.
I have been trying to change an appt now for over three hours ... waiting on the phone then getting hanged up on.
Call back and wait an hour with no response.
I called their number 18 TIMES!
Forget it!
This place SUCKS I am a person and will not be treated this way.
Oh then there is the threat to bill you if you miss an appt.
but then there is now way to change an appt.
NOT EVEN an email address from their web page.
WTF?!?
Its obvious whats going on here, the Dr's are too concerned about making money and not at all concerned about the health of their patients.
That's why there is little to no support staff (to reduce expenses) and long waits because they over booked.
That way they can cram in as many people as possible.
Good bye forever.
STAY AWAY ... STAY FAR, FAR AWAY!

The worst you can imagine .
I did not even meet the Dr we had an appointment but then I became sick, my husband call to tell them I could not reach the appointment because I was sick but he made the mistake of not noticing who answered the phone or at what time , he calls from his job and then when we wanted another appointment they wanted us to pay 75 us because it was a no show fee.
We never encountered anything like this before , certainly we would not pay anything we looked for another dr. they lied to get money out of people .
Stay away form this office

AVOID this money grubbing office.
I had an initial appointment which I could not make because my gout was so bad the day of the appointment that I could not walk or drive.
I called in and talked to one of their schedulers and she said not to worry about it and to call back to reschedule when I was feeling better.
I specifically asked if there would be any rescheduling fee and she said there would not be.
I called back later in the month to reschedule and they will not let me reschedule until I pay them a $75 no-show fee.
They were not interested in hearing my side of the story and their "records" of my appointment were not accurate.
They are all about caring for income and wealth and apparently could care less about caring for patients.
There is a reason they can get you in fairly quickly ..,.
read their doctor reviews online!

