I am almost embarrassed to Yelp the O.G.
because when it comes to a good Italian meal, this isn't a place I would typically place on the list.
But tonight I was attending the evening show of Phantom of the Opera and wanted to get in somewhere close for a fast meal.
Again, when thinking of a fast meal, Olive Garden doesn't usually come to mind with the traditional full lobby and line out the door - but as I drove past, I noticed parking...and it was about 5:15 pm, so I took a chance it would not be at capacity.
I was immediately seated and the waiter, Stu, arrived quickly.
He provided the free sample of Chardonnay, which actually was pretty good.
I ordered the eggplant parmesan with salad.
The salad arrived immediately and was the standard Olive Garden salad.
Warm, fresh breadsticks were brought with the salad.
As I neared the end of the salad, the entrée arrived.
It was good and very filling.
I was out the door and headed out by 6:00 PM.
The reason I decided to Yelp Olive Garden was the impressive service.
Stu was very attentive, quick with the water refill, fast delivery of the salad and bread.
He even risked burning his hands on the extremely hot plate for the entrée as the pot holder could not be located quickly.
He took what is typically an average meal and environment and created a great experience.
I left a nice tip for his efforts.
Good job, Stu.

Saturday is always a busy night to go out, so we knew there would be a wait, and 20 minutes isn't bad.
So after about 20 minutes I witnessed a couple get seated that came in after us....huh?!
Then another, and another....what?!
So my husband went up to talk to them (I think to shut me up) and oh the little hand held buzzer thing they gave us wasn't working.
I was so angry (and hungry) I could have screamed.
Although the evening started out crummy, the manager was really great and brought us out an appetizer platter on the house.
The food was good and the bread sticks hit the spot.

Excellent service tonight by Stephanie!
The Chicken Marsala was delicious!

Food and service were great.
Lots of extras requested and got every single one.
My daughter, (who has Down Syndrome)  loves this place and so do I.
Maybe it's because of who she is, or maybe it's because the service there is top notch, but the staff there almost always treat Megan extra special.
Whatever she wants, all the way down to how many meatballs she wants and extra stuff on her salad.
Thanks Olive Garden, we will see you again soon.

Alright, here is the review that I have been vowing to do but kept putting off.
I am bound to offend some of you "Chain restaurant" haters but here goes...  Olive Garden has become the brunt of many jokes over the years and even had a clever and hilarious skit done on Mad TV years ago.
The main complaint I have heard time and time again is that the food is not "authentic.
" No comments about the food being bad or bland, just that its not "authentic.
" Ok I will agree that the food may not be "authentic" from my perspective of what Italian food should be.
My grandfather was 100% Italian and I ate much of his Italian food growing up.
That is what I consider "authentic" Italian food to be.
Here's the thing though...
I have never been to Italy and I am sure that most of the people complaining about OG's authenticity havn't been either.
So who are we to know that its not authentic in some area of Italy?
I am fairly sure its not and you can bet that when I do visit Italy inside and out (which will hopefully be in the next year), I will be yelping another review on the OG just to say if it is indeed "authentic.
" One thing I can vouch for with Olive Garden is that most of the items I have tried there are delicious and their bread-sticks are like crack!
Sure sure, laugh and knock me as much as you want but I know that everyone that has had OG likes at least one thing.
You can slam OG but you have either liked their bread-sticks, soup, salad, or some kind of entree.
Anyways, to address the point I am trying to make: a good restaurant (chain or not) should have good food and I can say that Olive Garden does have good food.
Their soups are delicious (try the chicken gnocchi or the zuppa Tuscana), the bread-sticks are light, airy and buttery with the right amount of garlic flavor, and although the salad is nothing special vegi wise, the dressing is one of the better Italian dressings out there and is very refreshing.
For entrees, they make the one of the best eggplant Parmesans and fettuccine Alfredos I have ever had, the stuffed chicken Marsala is unique but delicious, and their seafood portifino is rich and creamy with a generous amount of perfectly cooked seafood.
The desserts are equally as delicious, my favs being the apple crostada and the black tie mousse cake.
The service has always been decent although you may get an occasional slow waiter.
However, I can say that most times I walk away satisfied with the overall experience.
The price and value is terrific too.
Come on, how many other "Italian" places you know of where you can get bread, salad/ soup, and big bowl of pasta for less then 15.00?
Not very many, that's for sure!
My only complaints: Too family friendly and sometimes there are screaming kids, however, with a few bowls of  delicious soup and pasta, I can sometimes manage to drown it out.
Also, years ago, I ordered nothing but their cannelloni al forno (pasta tubes filled with meat and topped with cheese, Alfredo and marinara sauce).
My precious dish was taken away from me and replaced with "three meat ravioli" which was close so I kept getting that.
Then that was removed from the menu.
I started getting "classics" after that that I was sure would not be removed from the menu like eggplant parm.
But for dessert, I fell in love with their chocolate molten cake with vanilla cream and strawberries.
Guess what happened?
Yep, it was taken away from me  :(  I have also heard numerous complaints about how a special one month will be terrific but a month later, its no longer available and is never to be seen again.
I wish the OG would stop replacing good meal items and also bring back some of the popular past specials so people can enjoy them again.
I also wish that one of those specials will be the cannalloni al forno.
If that was the case, I would go there for a month straight and order it.
OG, stop changing out good menu items.
After all, if it aint broke, don't fix it!

Bland, overpriced, and nothing special.
The best part about my trip to this olive garden was discovering the italian-style interior architecture of the restaurant.
I found the veneer quite entertaining, for the Italian walls were just like the Italian breadsticks, minestrone, and salad: superficially appealing.
This place is like Madonna--it's all about the image, baby.
tl;dr: Italian Chilis

Anything with a lot of tomato sause is bland.
However, all their dishes with alfredo sause are very good and creamy.
You must try the Bellini tea - that's tea with peach syrup.
Mmmm.

I'll preface this by saying that my family has been going to this Olive Garden for years.
I really truly wish I could give it a better rating based on the fact that there are a few servers and other staff that are really great and it used to be a well run restaurant.
However, things have gone downhill the last year and I couldn't recommend it to anyone.
The last two visits we have made have both been for birthday dinners.
Last visit left us a little less than satisfied with inattentive servers, being seated next to a group of 30 who decided they could take up half the room for their office party complete with applause, and waiting 20 minutes past everyone else's food arriving for my entree which was then so hot I had to take it home to eat.
I went ahead and filled out the online survey, marked that I wasn't opposed to having a manager call me, and NOTHING.
I was hoping it was a bad night and this time it would be better.
Unfortunately it wasn't.
We have a large family group and are used to waiting, no big deal.
An hour wait when quoted 40 minutes on a Sunday night when the lobby is empty (and some whispers amongst the hosts about not wanting to seat certain servers because they want to go home) gets a little annoying, but I digress.
We are sat at a table pushed together almost right in a traffic area(we were paranoid of getting elbows and trays to the head the whole time) and one flustered server gave the greeting and walked away without taking any drink orders.
At this point we had 3 small children who already were getting tired as it was nearing bedtime after the wait.
Waiting for drinks and putting orders in took forever, when we finally brought salads and soups it was already past 9 PM.
Then we sat with empty app dishes in front of us for a good 20 minutes with no sign of servers.
When my entree came out(shrimp ravioli type dish which was good but nothing amazing) the whole side and bottom of the plate had mashed potatoes on it.
I'm hoping someone in our party had mashed potatoes.
After eating a bit, most of us were just ready to go home at this point, the kids were sleeping in their chairs, we had to flag down our server who was cleaning tables across the room and ask for our check.
We had asked for two cakes earlier for the birthday guy and as we were asking them to just cancel that, the server insisted he had them all set and waiting to go he was just waiting for checks(huh?).
So they brought out the cakes and the two servers tried to get our party to sing happy birthday.
Poor birthday guy got the most pathetic and tired birthday song ever.
When the bill came, that automatic 15% tip added to each bill was just a slap in the face.
I know it's customary but being large tippers generally, not having a choice in the matter was offensive at that point.
Not to mention the fact that the servers had to have known that our meal took a ridiculous amount of time and we were far from happy, but there was no sign of the manager all night and it was far below what we have come to expect from any Darden restaurant.
We won't be going back to this location if we can help it.

Out dated decor, and stains on all the chairs.
Our waitress was way too speedy, slamming plates down, and glaring at all her other tables while talking to us.
The food was decent.
It may have tasted better if the experience was better.

Generally a good experience.
Today the place was PACKED and there was a significant wait for lunch.
The food was good and the waitress was very nice.
Prices seem a bit steep compared to comparable restaurants, but I would return none the less.

What is there to say about Olive Garden?
It's a chain and you can expect the same food, the same style of service, and the same atmosphere whether you are in Miami, AZ or Miami, FL.
This particular store was no exception.
Our servers were quite nice and were prompt with the delivery of our food.
We had a larger party and they did their best to take care of us.
The food was good enough.
I had the parmesan crusted tilapia shared with a friend and it was tasty.
Olive Garden is nothing to really rave about so I guess this is about all I have to say about this...

The $8.95 endless pasta bowl with salad and breadsticks is phenomenal.
Great price, even better food, and our party of 30 was well taken care of.
A solid recommendation for any occasion.

Wow, Olive Garden has their "Never Ending Pasta Bowl" back on, so of course I had to whip out to try it, this time for a first visit to this nice location.
I was joined by Robyn N. & Mike C. today, & I enjoyed bowls of their Pasta e Fagoili and Zuppa Toscana Soups as well as bowls of Spaghetti with Meat Sauce and Angel Hair Pasta with their Chianti Three Meat Sauce.
I love this special every time it comes around, & lunch here today didn't disappoint!
:-))  Never Ending Pasta Bowl Special:  $9.95

This is Olive Garden and I knew what I was getting into when I suggested lunch here.
I knew Rand would be all over the all you can eat pasta and I was right.
The only thing I've ever liked at Olive Garden was the soup and salad and for 6.95 you get all that and breadsticks.
The zuppa tuscana soup had little flavor and the pasta fagioli which has always been my favorite was bland and tasteless.
Even the salad was rather sad, only 1 little piece of tomato and no cucumber.
The ledge of the booth had crumbs on it, and so did the windowsill.
There was scraps of paper on the floor under the table next to us.
Disappointing especially since were were the first table today.
Service was good but I don't think I'll be going back to an Olive Garden anytime soon.

My friend makes me come to various Olive Gardens at least 1-2 times a month.
The food is always hot and fresh.
If I'm in the mood for it, it hits the spot.
My most recent visit I tried the make your own pizza instead of pasta.
It's not bad, but not the best I've had.
Of course the service was great and I have no complaints about this place.
I'll be back!

You can't beat the unlimited soup, salad and bread sticks for under $7, even on a weekend!
The food was good - as expected.
The service at this location was not good though.
Friendly, which was good but SO SLOW.
Had to wait 5 minutes to be seated even though no one came in right before us or after us.
There were plenty of empty tables for a Saturday at lunch.
The waitress would take at least 5 minutes to come back with an answer or a refill, etc.
I would not go back to this location if I were in a hurry.

I normally think that Olive Garden is one of the better chain restaurants, but I just haven't been that impressed here.
I had a gift card and had come by several times but never went in because the line went out the door and down the sidewalk.
I don't wait in line unless it's something super special.
Finally decided to just go in, and was lucky to find a couple of seats at the bar where we could eat a full meal.
I ordered off the "light" menu and didn't like my meal at all.
Bartender didn't come back to see if it was ok or give me the option to order anything else.
My husband's seafood fettuccine on the other hand was pretty fantastic.
And the mixed drinks were good.
Just accept that the food is going to make you fat and go ahead and order the real thing.

waiter would disappear.
tried apricot chicken or fit menu.
sauce tasted good.

Would of given 5 stars, but service is SLOW!
Food is good, but be prepared for a long evening!

Stopped by at this location to meet a friend for lunch and to use my gift card there.
We tried the 2 for $25 special.
Not a bad deal, but what a drabby decor.
It just looks ancient compared to the one that I've been to in Scottsdale.
The special comes with a large plate, soup or a salad bowl, one dessert or appetizer.
We each chose a meal, shared the salad and a good-size tiramisu.
Our bill came to $27 after tax.
The server was okay.
She sneezed while taking our order, and I think she used her hand to cover her mouth!
I quickly looked away and hoped she washed her hands.
I mean, she's human but I just wished it didn't happen right then.
Later, she got confused about the tip.
She came back after I paid and asked if I wanted change and I was like, "Yeah.
" And she responded, "Oh okay, let me go and get it.
" And I'm thinking, why did she come back without it?
She already pocket it.
I always tip, I just didn't want to give her that specific amount.
Needless to say, I won't go back to that location because it needs a facelift.

Broccoli had mold on it and breadsticks were stale .
Even when I asked for new breadsticks and they were still stale.
I like the idea of unlimited soup, but it was not worth time and money.

Came here for dinner.
On our way in we over heard some people on their way out telling the manager how great their server Chelsea was.
Because of this I asked to sit in Chelsea's area.
The service was exceptional.
She was always around to refill the salad or drinks.
We didn't have to wait to order and when we were finished she brought the bill right away and waited for our cards.
Very satisfied.
Will come back and specify to sit in her section again.
She is the gold standard on how a waitress should perform.

Classic all around good everything, food, service and atmosphere.
There is little in the way of surprises but they make up for that in consistency.
As you can see from the attached picture the five cheese ravioli was very well received.
As was the fresh bread sticks and the wonderfully fresh salad with pepperchinis.
Top off with one of the many deserts (we were to full as the portions here are generous) and you will not go home wanting.
Ps and you can go home with an extra entree and they also serve wine samples, ya!

My friends and I were craving pasta so they decided to come here.
It wasn't very busy.
I ordered a toasted marshmallow martini, which I think was good.
I ordered the salmon with steam broccoli.
One of my friends said order tour of Italy, and the other friend ordered black tie mousse cake with a vanilla scoop ice cream.
Our food took forever!
to come out.
We were getting full off of salads and breadsticks.
The table next to us, got seated after us and got their meals before us.
Our waiter however, was very nice, he came to check up on us and apologized for the delay and tried to make things better in any way he could.

Our evening started poorly with the server forgetting the salad and breadsticks, having no knowledge of the menu and being absent.
After speaking with the manager on duty, Lisa, the experience greatly improved.
She took the time to listen to our concerns (including the fact that my soup was old and spilled over and being given another's food) and found solutions.
Our table was taken over by Maurice, an incredible waiter.
We could not have asked for a better individual.
He was attentive, kind and resourceful.
What began as a terrible experience was turned around by the wonderful service of Lisa and Maurice.
Our faith in the Olive Garden has been restored because of these two.
Thank you Lisa and Maurice for all of your help.
Anyone looking for a great meal with excellent service ask for Maurice!

Was here for lunch on 5/5.
Always had great food here In the the past.
But this time the salad was not good.
Appeared to have been partially frozen and then thawed.
Very mushy.
Soup was good but deep fried asparagus was stuck together in a  block.
Server was excellent.

I love this Olive Garden!
The food is always amazing as are our servers.
Never had a bad experience thus far...my favorite thing on the menu is the Chicken and Gnocchi soup #HomerSimpsonDrool

Quick efficient waiter but he was so fast he forgot our bread plates (not that we ever use them anyways) lol.
Just stopped by fast enough to drop off food and off he went.
It was ok.  We were starved and just wanted our food anyways.
;)  I just loved it.
Great food.
Awesome time.

My fiance and I came here for lunch, I have been to many Olive Garden's and I always order the chicken alfredo(my favorite)!
I have been to this location twice now, and the service was great dont get me wrong.
The food on the other hand was not so great.
The portions are smaller,  and the chicken alfredo barely had chicken.
Along with, the chicken alfredo was missing something.
It was tastless.
Maybe they changed cooks?
I'm not sure.
But not great to me.

