I enjoyed my car shopping experience there!
They were fair and very truthful!
I don't get rushed or ignored!!
I would go there again and again!!
Korey Adams was the one that helped me out!

I bring my Chevy here to be serviced & they always do a great job.
Jon is my service advisor & he is honest & so helpful!
He's really a great guy & will take care of you.
I recommend him all the time!

If there were a way to take away stars, I would use it on this establishment.
I contacted Big Two Mitsubishi to inquire about a used car they had advertised.
The initial inquiry went well.
A salesperson named Nissa answered my questions via email.
Because I was looking at several cars around the valley, I didn't get back to her right away, so she started getting pushy about me coming in to test drive the car.
I agreed to come in after work, but when I got to the dealership for the test drive, she handed me over to another salesperson, who was new but very nice.
I liked the car and was ready to deal, so we walked back in to the dealership and Nissa took over again.
She was sitting at a desk in the middle of their building.
Started the sales process right there, in front of other salespeople and customers.
I was standing, and since it was at the end of a long work day, I would really have appreciated being offered a seat, preferably in an office area so we could talk and negotiate more comfortably and not in a public setting.
It ended up that the chair wasn't needed.
Nissa quickly became combative and unwilling to negotiate at all, especially given the condition of the vehicle.
She claimed that Big Two had put lots of money into reconditioning the car, so I asked for the service records to see what they had done.
You would have thought I'd asked for the holy grail.
She was visibly angry and I was ready to walk out when the assistant GM came over.
He had heard some of the conversation was was more than willing to pull the service records for me.
I offered a fair starting price for negotiations with Nissa.
She refused to budge from her extremely inflated number.
You would think that in a case like this, knowing I needed a car, she would at least offer other options if we were not going to be able to come to an agreement on that car.
NOPE.
Nothing.
I have never had such a bad experience with customer service, even in the automobile sales industry.
While I appreciated Bob's efforts, they were not enough to make up for the aggressive, rude behavior of his sales person.
I will NEVER go back to Big Two Mitsubishi.
Given that I bought a Toyota and live in Chandler, now I'm going to have to think very hard about whether I will take my car to Big Two Toyota.
If Big Two runs all their businesses like this, I think I'm better off taking my chances elsewhere.

And as the Assistant Manager's response indicates, the bad experience I had at Big Two apparently had nothing to do with the salesperson's abject disregard for courtesy or customer service.
I guess I should not have expected to be treated with respect or professionalism.
Again, I wasn't even offered the courtesy of a chair.
Thank goodness I walked out and found the Mark dealerships instead!
They were easy to work with and provided an excellent, almost painless (it IS still buying a car, you know!
) experience.
When the time comes for another vehicle, I know exactly where I will (AND WON'T) go.

They quoted me a price over the internet on a new car.
I arrived at the dealership only to find that they actually honored that price - unlike many of the other dealers.
We drove 4 hours to get there and it was well worth the drive.
The dealership was clean, the car selection was above average and the salespeople were friendly and honest.
This is a top notch dealership and I wouldn't hesitate to purchase a car from them again!

Had my vehicle serviced here.. Was given a checklist of items I should get done and wasn't pressured into getting it all done right then n there.
Very happy with the respect and customer service which was given.

I purchased a 2014 Outlander Sport at this dealership this Saturday night!
It only had 4 miles!
I had talked to sales manager Nissa over the phone prior to coming in.
I informed her what I wanted and what color I wanted.
She quoted me a price over the phone & I was hesitant but I decided to make the drive.
I was also very persistent to put the 5th mile on it!
Well, when I got there, the price she quoted me... was... the...
SAME!!!
It was the price I got.
No hustle, no BS!
And, I got to put the 5th mile when I test drove it!
Antonio was the salesman & everything was very smooth.
He was very nice and I am comfortable referring to him, and Nissa, of course!
I'm very satisfied.
Gary in finance was very patient because it was my first time buying a car, I needed to make sure I understood everything 100% ~ I told him I would keep him there till midnight if I had to!
LOL!
I went to another Mitsubishi dealership earlier that Saturday & I walked a away for a reason.
Great job to the team at Big Two!
Nissa, I see big success for your dealership because you work with high values and integrity.

