I can't believe I'm reviewing a Carls, but here it goes.
I know this is fast food/chain restaurant.
I don't care, cause Carl's is good stuff.
This location is a Green Burrito location, whatever that means, but I think that all it means is that they serve a few Mexican dishes here.
I usually stop here at the drive through, and rarely go into the lobby itself.
I usually order the Carl Star, or as of lately, the Breakfast burger, which is tasty.
Its fast food folks, but in my eyes, anything but McDonalds is okay by me.
I will return for their Breakfast burgers and Carls Star burger any day!

I love my western Bacon cheeseburger but it has gone up in price.
Also the drive thru is very slow and all the staff can hardly speak English.
I once got 3 wbc with no burgers on them!
Used to be a great place, but has gone downhill.

Stopped here today for lunch with my grandmother.
Had a grilled chicken sandwich.
and a California burrito.
We went drive thru which was a little on the slow side.
However our was correct and we got alot of food for the money.
The staff was friendly and got our order correct.

Had a buy 1 get 1 free sandwich coupon, tried the famous star.
It was freaking delicious.

Went through the drive thu, was there for like 30 seconds with dead silence.
I said hello, heard the guy say "one second".
I waited one minute and nothing.
I did some things in my car and looked up to see 5 mins had passed, so I said hello again.
"One second".
I waited 3 more mins and since I finished what I was doing in my car I was ready to drive through and leave, then I hear "what can I get ya".
After the order he barely talked to me, too busy talking to those inside and laughing/joking around.
According to the receipt, the cashiers name was Raquel, but I'm guessing that's a chicks name and he was a dude.

It's fast food.
It's kinda pricey.
But it's worth it.
Open 24 hours which is loverly.
They need to bring back the jim beam bourbon burger.
Fries are dopelicious.
Yes, I said dopelicious.

