Great service.
Nice selection.
If everything runs smoothly with my rentals this place will get 5 stars easy.
Ill keep everyone posted.

My son is walking my daughter down the aisle at her wedding, their dad passed away when they were younger, so he is very thrilled about this honor, so I needed to get him a tux and hadn't any clue where to go, but I knew I didn't want to go to Mens Warehouse, their prices are insane!
Coworker told me about a family own tux shop that was right down the street from me that they have used in the past and so I went on over to Rose Tuxedo shop, when we got in there we were greeted by Mark, very friendly, helpful and put us at ease.
I just needed to know the hard cold fast, what's this going to cost me, and Mark answered me, tux & shoes 79 bucks, I though ok this is great!
Son got measured and my daughter & her fiancé was with us and were able to answer questions about style & colors, I am glad they were their because I thought a tux was a tux.
We pick up the tux in 2 weeks I cannot wait to see how handsome my son will look!
I will keep ya posted on how everything turns out!

Rose is less than half the price of the major chains and you'll look twice as sharp.
A tiny, little shop, Rose feels family-owned.
My groomsmen, my father, father-in-law, and I all got fitted and dressed by Rose for my wedding and we looked fantastic.
On top of great suits and tuxedos, the staff is extremely professional.
No joke, I lost 25 pounds between getting measured and picking up my tux two months later.
They altered my tux on the spot.
I really wanted a three-button jacket originally, but after losing so much weight, the tailor had to move the buttons.
After doing so, I felt the jacket hid my vest, so I switched to a two-button after making him do all that work.
Did he say anything?
Not_a_word.
He just smiled and agreed that if I liked the two-button better, I should go with that.
Last-minute shoe changes for two people were thrown into the mix and not an eyelash was batted.
If you need a tux, go here.
I'll never go to a national chain again.
These people care and they deserve your business.

We rented Tuxedo's for my brother's wedding from Rose Tuxedo.
FANTASTIC quality, service, & price.
Our whole party was extremely happy with the result.
I spoke to a friend who was married just a few months ago, who rented Tux's from another Business (not Rose).
Our Tux's (from Rose) looked better, had 2 additional days of rental (we didn't have to pick-up/return within a 24 hour period), and were about 50% less in price.
I'm even purchasing a suit from Rose--their prices are fantastic!
I highly recommend Rose Tuxedo to anyone & everyone.

