It's Starbucks, what else do you need to know.

Large, clean, friendly staff, mist machines outside

Starbucks is Starbucks is Starbucks.
If it wasn't like $9 for a muffin and a smoothie I'd go here more often.

Yeah, it's a Starbucks, but the staff are great.
Always ready with a pre-dawn smile.

I have to say this Starbucks is the best.
They know who you are what your drink is and are very personable.
they are awesome I have not seen another Starbucks like this ever.
They  don't argue in front of the customers as I have seen many times before.
They ask how are you doing and don't just talk to each other (ignoring the customer)  as I have seen before at other  Starbucks.
They are awesome.
I had to relocate to another state.
Sadly I will miss this Starbucks they are simply the BEST!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Great location right outside the perimeter of Fiesta Mall.

This is where I go to enjoy my Iced Coffee & chicken sausage & egg white wrap every Saturday & sometimes Sunday.
Great staff & good service.

Love the shop.
Love the baristas.
Love the coffee.
Hate the smokers who swarm the outside patio and make drinking coffee outside hell for non-smokers.
The friendly staff has no interest in enforcing the non-smoking city law and Starbucks policy!
If you are a non-smoker, it is inside or nothing.
If you smoke, the patio is open!

You always know what you ate going to get when you are at starbucks, but you can't always assume it will be a great experience.
Here you can.
Everyone who works here is a great person and they amazongly remember so many peoples faces, names and drink orders.
A lot of the regulars are great people too.
This is also a pretty nice location to study with a table that seats 4 with outlets, 3 two peron table with outlets and the two comfy leather chairs also have tgeir own outlets

It's the bare minimum that you would expect from Starbucks.
I have never been able ti order a breakfast sandwich because they always run out before 10am.
When asked how many sandwiches they usually carry the lady told me only 7!
No wonder they always run out.
They are only good for making you a drink at a mediocre pace.
And don't expect much from these baristas, They have a sense of entitlement to the place that subtly overwhelms the customer service.
Handle the stress ladies, its just a coffee shop.

Need to improve service.
The cashier is nice but slow.
Drinks came out slow.
They had one training barista making all the drinks.
He kept asking questions to the cashier.
It just looked like they didnt have enough people working.
My drinks were not up to par.
The only nice thing was one drink was free because it was taking them extremely long.
It just didnt seemed well managed.
I would rather drive little bit farther for better experience.

Vikki just blew my mind, she made me and my bf the best drinks we've ever had at Starbucks, most make the Java chip too sweet and this is perfect and some make my favorite Italian cream soda too watered down and always forget the whipped cream but again it's perfect.
She offered us desserts, we bought them and did everything timely and with a friendly cute smile.
This is my new Starbucks Bc of of her, make sure u leave a tip!

I have to come to this Starbucks because its the only one in my area between home and work.
Too bad its the slowest Starbucks I've EVER visited.
It seems like they could use their staff more wisely when a rush comes in.
There is no sense of urgency when taking your order or preparing it.
Just leaves me feeling frustrated.
Staff is nice at least, maybe too nice.

