was a nice place to live at first.
and then the A/C started dripping, the microwave burned up, the washer and dryer were old and cost a fortune to run, the neighors downstairs started to complain about us just walking in the kitchen, because the floors are thin.
And to top it all off we got ripped off over 750 dollars for moving out of a clean Apt.
tryin to deal with the office staff is impossible.
Worst place to live.
YOU WILL BE SORRY YOU MOVED THERE.

I've lived in some pretty cruddy places before but I think this one defiantly takes the gold medal for shady offices, renters, and staff.
It looks okay during the daytime and it even takes pitbulls which is why we signed the lease.
The apartment they show you looks nothing like the one you re going to live in despite them charging you an arm and a leg when you move out.
The walls are usually cracked (it looked like someone punched a hole into our bathroom wall) and the kitchen is older than I am.
The office staff seem genuinely uncaring and can boarder on being condescending and snide.
The pool isn't cleaned often and the grounds are a mess.
I lived in Solara in Tempe next to crackheads before and I can honestly say I felt safer there than I did at Coronado.
The staff tells you they do background checks and blah blah blah but with police roaming the grounds every night and domestic issues happening weekly I don't believe that for a minute.
Just know other apartments take pitbulls and other big breeds and you dont need to put up with this place.

Stay away from here.
When we first moved here the management was nice and helpful.
After a couple years they replaced the management now we have condescending snobs in the office.
they don't care about anyone but their friends.
They will charge you for everything they can.
Have made complaints to IMT directly with the only response being they will not renew my lease now.
There are to many apartments around to waste your time here.
I'm moving before my lease is up.
Also been a lot of cops around the last year at least 2 to 3 times a week.

