I love this Starbucks...well I love everyone that works there, save for one redheaded surly girl.
My cousin and I call her Sister Surly and the moment we see her, we head on off to the other Starbucks on Dobson and Warner.
It's your typical Starbuck's fare -- coffee and pastries.
Next door is  Jamba Juice, across the parking lot is a Massage Envy and then next door to that is the Good Egg.
You can have breakfast and then go to Starbuck's after.
Overall, this Starbuck's is my favorite in the Valley...except when Sister Surly works...

I've come here a few times in the past, and now that Starbucks has free WiFi, I've found myself coming in on a more consistant basis.
I like it here because they have plugs at enough tables that I can sit with my laptop and not be restricted to just a few seats in the place.
Hours are great, and they obviously offer a variety of drinks and pasteries to choose from.
Service is great, and all around a good clean Starbucks.

Mmmmm starbucks, who doesn't like starbucks as it is??
This location is one of my faves because it's right by school!
There are plenty of outlets around for my laptop and the employees are all so nice!
And if you go with someone who doesn't like or want coffee, well there's a Jamba right next door!
The only downfall I have found so far is sometimes it gets a little noisy in there.
Great place to meet up with study buddies, but a little too loud for me to study on my own.

I'm a big Starbucks fan, but I had to take away a star from this location for a few major reasons for a guy-on-the-go (residential real estate agent) like me.
They don't have a drive-thru AND their parking lot is almost always packed!
The parking lot being packed isn't always because everyone's at Starbucks - it happens be in a very busy plaza - but it doesn't change the fact that it is major pain to hunt for 10 minutes for a parking spot for a cup of coffee that only takes me 3 minutes to order and receive!
Aaugh!

I don't love the coffee at Starbucks, but this place is getting 5 stars for their service!
They are quick, ACCURATE, friendly, and they always remember my drink even though I only go there about once a week!
Amazing!
The staff is great and I thought I should leave them a nice little "Good Job" on Yelp!

This particular Starbucks has great customer service, there usually isn't a line, and they always have a smile on their face.
HOWEVER, the parking in this plaza is something else to speak of.
They don't have a drive-thru so being that I'm always on the go and need to be quick, it makes it difficult.
I know that I can find a parking spot around the corner and walk to the door, however, it makes it difficult when I need to be quick.

I like this Starbucks!
Very quick, good baristas, and plenty of seating - inside and out!

This Starbucks has excellent customer service!
Plus they are super speedy too :) love this place

Depending on the time, claim a seat/table before you get in line.
If you wait you may be sitting outside.
It's a popular hangout.

My home.
I love this place.
They are so fast and always chipper.
A great start to my work days.
Thanks ladies!

Still a decent stop anywhere for the whole coffe shop thing, but have been enjoying some of the other coffee shops in the area a bit more.

Love all the electrical outlets here...great mobile work location.

This is a starbucks.
How sweet and not like coffee do you like your coffee?

I love Starbucks, I go to many locations through out the valley but this one has a cute outdoor area!

I live close to this one so that means I come here often duh lol.
But I love the bistros they're so funny and I always get a great cup of coffee :)

The customer service is fine.
The atmosphere is fine.
The quality if beans are terrible.
They purchase they're beans at a low cost and roast them black so they don't taste like crap beans but they are.
Longer the roast, more acidic it'll come out.
And no one likes acidic coffee.
So I go to local coffee shops that bug their beans locally of roast it them selves.
If you like good coffee you don't like starbucks.
I've worked in coffee for 6 years and have been to 5 roasters so I know.

I wouldn't normally check in or rate a Starbucks I go to because they're all pretty much the same.
I believe this particular location recently went through a new facelift (remodel).
It looks different from all the other Starbucks I've been to: High bar tops and community tables, nice outdoor setting, and open space.
The setting reminds me of some of a few coffee places I've been to in NYC.
Maybe that's why I like it so much.
Oh and the baristas are welcoming too.

5 stars for being my favorite starbucks in the valley.
All of my favorite baristas either work at this location or used to work here lol.
They just had a remodel and the place looks fantastic.
Generally speaking I get fast service and everyone knows my name.

I love coming here due to the people.
Not only are they nice but tent alway make my drink the way I want it.

Great staff and they're more than willing to make any customized drink at your request.

