I've shopped at their store when it was located on Southern and at their new location, and every time has been an excellent experience.
Between locations, the staff hasn't changed much.
Seems like pretty much everyone that works there goes skiing or snowboarding and can offer good insight to the equipment they sell.
They offer a wide variety of snow gear and also some water sports gear.
Great store for the gear geek in all of us.
The rental department is friendly, courteous and knowledgeable in fitting first time skiers/snowboarders with the right ski/board and boots.
Overall, superb shopping experience.

I was a long time customer of Ski Pro and having made purchases at all locations several times.
I thought of myself as having some brand loyalty...at least when it comes to local retail purchasing.
I do look online if it doesn't require holding or fitting.
However, the last purchase I will ever make from Ski Pro was last summer.
I bought a Ronix ski rope handle.
This was one of their nicest and most expensive models, priced over $120.
At checkout I was told about their 2 week return policy.
The following weekend we went to the lake.
After 2 or 3 runs, I noticed it was already coming apart.
Not just in one location either.
The rubber grip was tattered already in two different places, the seams were falling apart, and the clear coating was flaking.
It never touched anything other than water.
Not the board, swim deck, boat, or anything.
Literally, about 3 hours of use by two very experienced riders.
The next weekend, 11 days after the purchase, I returned to the store to exchange the rope for a different one and was basically told to "F off".
The 17 year-old stoner behind the counter said they couldn't return the item.
I wasn't even looking for my money back, I just wanted an in-store credit to buy a different handle.
The answer was still no.
His position was that they can't take back the product because it had been used.
Yet he couldn't explain why they allow returns on all other ski accessories which I've purchased mass amounts of over the last 7 year.
I've even returned a wake board I bought from Ski Pro after taking to Lake Powell for a week!
Back then (2002ish) Susan, the owner, ran the Camelback location and had a better grip on things.
So anyhow, I asked the clerk how I would've know the product was faulty unless we used it.
He shrugged his shoulders and said "sorry dude, you own it now".
Apparently, the two week policy is only for unused items.
I asked how they assess if something's been used (given that I've returned numerous items and admitted they were used) i.e.
boots that were pinching, shades don't fit right, board not aggressive enough, etc.
He stated "it's a case by case basis".
I couldn't believe the product warranty and company return policy was being judged by a 17yr old kid and basing his decision on if an item looks used.
He even said to me "if it looks used, how would we be able to sell it to anyone else?
"  I asked him why they would sell a faulty product to someone else.
He shrugged.
After about 4 minutes of him not being able to explain this ridiculous policy, I decided to leave the product with them in hopes they would reconsider their position and reminded him I would be happy to apply the amount to another handle.
No dice.
That is the last time I'll ever shop there.
Period.

So now I've been to two Ski Pros in the Valley and I'm pleasantly please with both of them when it comes to their merchandise.
I haven't rented from them yet, but if their selection of clothing has anything to say about what they offer then I approve!
From Spyder, to North Face to Columbia, they have everything to choose from.
The ski clothes are adorable and trendy.
And the best part?
The sales!
They have a continuous sale going on it feels like, and the rumor on the street is that a huge sale is coming in February.
Count me in!

Love having a ski shop nearby...worth paying a little extra for it.

Great service.
Cool and helpful people like Nik work here.
Wide selection, too.

So the feel when you first come into this store is high school.
All the stickers and post magazine psuedo graffitti gives the hints the crew that works there are a bit on the younger side but then again shredding the gnar with fluffy stuff everywhere is what it's all about.
The staff seemed really knowledgable about gear, clothing and tuning gear.
Braeden was super helpful in helping be locate the tuning kit I needed and had it shipped from another store on the fly.
Totally appreciated it and have been sending everything from snow bunny rentals to the seasoned brosef for snowboarding needs.

I have purchased a number of items from Ski Pro through their online store.
Their prices are great and they ship quickly.
What prompted this review was actually something that could've been a negative experience, but the customer service they provided was above and beyond.
I ordered a Nordica ski system which when it arrived, the binding box had a bit of damage and apparently the bag of screws had fallen out at some point.
I called Ski Pro and they were extremely apologetic, offered to credit me back some of my purchase price for the inconvenience (without me needing to push for it at all) and are expediting the screws out to me.
Obviously it was problematic that they shipped something that was missing a piece, but these things happen no matter who you buy from and what separates these issues are how the retailer handles the situation.
This to me was quality top notch customer service and although I generally like to buy from a local place, their prices and this example of how they went above will cause me to continue to buy from them for all items that don't need a personal fitting.

First snow of the season in Arizona this weekend.... went to check out the website, as I like to shop local....
I'm a pear shaped woman...
I require a size xl in snowboard pants.
I want something cute, no luck...every pant I looked at....Ride, 686, DC....all not available in XL...Did I mention they are all current season items I'm looking at.....I would understand if I was trying to get a deal... the website clearly has a size chart for  each brand and the measurements for XL are clearly stated on the size chart.... but there are no XL SIZES available to purchase.
Come on Ski Pro... where is your love for the curvy girl?
I'll shop some where else where I can get my size and look stylish.....

