One of the better Asian meals I have had here in the valley.
The egg drop soup is nearly perfect, the Kung Po Chicken is nice and spicy.
My dinner date requested Orange Chicken (wasn't on the menu, but they gladly offered to make it).
It was huge in proportion and well seasoned.
The atmosphere is dark-smallish-old-school Chinese, and very clean.
The staff and service is impeccable.
The price is right!
(less than $10 a person)

This place scared me.
It didn't have windows.
:(  I took my order to go.
Did I mention this place didn't have windows?!
I ordered their lemon chicken, pad thai (at a chinese restaurant?!
) and wonton soup.
It was ok, but not enough for me to warrant writing anymore on this place aside from...
This place didn't have any windows!!!
It was a bit creepy.

Best chinese food in Mesa.
My family has brought me here since I was an infant, and I am happy to say nothing has changed, not even the atmosphere!
The food is awesome, I suggest the happy platter for 2 for an amazing appeteizer, and get a mai tai while you're at it.
The service is perfect, never having to wait long for a refill, and also make sure you try the mustard.
It will make the hairs in your nose stand up.
I love the dark atmosphere, kind of like a dive bar of chinese restaurants, but never dirty.
A great neighborhood chinese restaurant, and my favorite!
Think of it as something you may see in the movie Big Trouble in Little China, but with customers.

We were impressed with Golden Gate.
We started with an order of Crab Angels.
$4.50 for 6.
They were plump and the filling had a much higher mixture of crab than most Chinese restaurants provide.
We shared House Fried Rice, Triple Seafood Delight and House Special Chicken.
The fried rice had chicken, beef and shrimp.
The rice alone I would give 3 stars.
The seafood delight lived up to it's name.
I'm normally not a fan of the traditional white wine sauce on this dish but Golden Gate's is very nice.
The scallops were done just right, melt in your mouth.
The crab also was tender and cooked just right with no taste of fishiness.
The shrimp was slightly overdone but still very good.
The house special chicken was a whole chicken breast dipped in a thin coating and deep fried, then sliced and placed over a small serving of vegetables.
The chicken was very tender and flavorful with a robust brown sauce.
My daughter had chosen the restaurant for her birthday dinner and they must have heard us mention it because after the meal they brought out fried dough pockets filled with banana and sprinkled with confectioners sugar.
Nice touch and very tasty.
Our total bill was about $38, a great deal for the quality and quantity of service.
An appetizer, fried rice and 2 entrees shared among 4 people and we brought home 3 boxes of leftovers.

I really enjoyed their food.
Their dishes were not prepared in the same 'ole "Americanized Chinese" food that's common around these parts.
I really enjoyed the sauces and the food in general was very good.
It was a very interesting experience for us when the power went out as we were enjoying our soup!
The owners brought candles to our table and kept cooking our dishes (kitchen runs on gas) and bringing them out 1 by one!
We all dined by candlelight and I really enjoyed it.
lol  We had Sizzling Rice Soup, Egg Drop Soup, Dumplings, Mongolian Beef,  Sichuan (aka: Szechwan) Shrimp, and Crispy Duck with some VERY good white rice cooked perfectly... finished off with some fried banana.
hao chi !!
The service was very good and friendly and we enjoyed some time chatting it up with the owner at the end.

yeah, it might be a little eerie and kill bill-ish in there, but the food is fantastic.
we were the only ones in there for a while so it was extra eerie..the service was alright.
very ethnic and authentic chinese atmosphere, not so americanized.
the pot of tea was piping hot but especially delicious.
the wonton chips were a good start.
we went with the moo shoo pork and kung pao chicken, both pretty good.
the crepes that the moo shoo pork came in were so soft and fluffy and the meat and seasonings were spot on.
the kung pao chicken was a little water and not as spicy as i thought it was going to be.
but it had peanuts, bamboo shoots, and my favorite chinese vegetable, water chestnuts...mmmm.
the big bowl of rice we got was delicious as well.
and all for under $20.
grubby good.
especially for a city with lackluster chinese food.

After reading all of the other reviews, I can't help but think that I hit this place up on an off night.(?
) My bf ordered some kind of chicken, that was fried and served with a clear sauce.
It was o.k.
I ordered a scallop dish, and honestly, the sauce just smelled like something that was spoiled.
It was not edible.
I am Asian, I have consumed all sorts of things, so it was not the smell of the seafood, or anything like that.
I have eaten Chinese in Hawaii, Japan and California.
I do not consider myself a chinese food snob, as I have been known to eat at Panda Express on occasion.
I really wanted to like this place, but I couldn't.
Even the eggrolls were bad.I cannot comment on the service, as we had take-out.
Sorry,  Golden Gate....

best Chinese food in the valley.
I pretty much don't go anywhere else.
I don't really understand what that other reviewer's problem is with the lack of windows?
it's not like the place is a dungeon.
it's a somewhat dim, peaceful restaurant.
Golden Gate special shrimp with walnuts is one of the most delicious things to eat, ever.
their hot & sour soup is bomb.
and their fried rice is delightful & not overly, disgustingly greasy.
this place is so much better than the myriad of stupid "Chinese" chain restaurants or nasty take-out type places.
for realz.

A friend turned us onto this place, and I'm so glad she did.
We've eaten here multiple times and have never been disappointed.
Our favorite thing to do is order the happy platter and then split an entree.
We've tried a number of the chicken dishes--all are tasty, especially the garlic chicken.
And now, we have fun taking other friends and family members here.

I have not had better chinese food since moving to Arizona.
The restaurant was 3/4 full on a Tuesday night!!!
With many Asian people.
I thought in this "recession" that having a restaurant that packed was a pretty amazing thing.
The service was superb.
The food was overall yummy.
I did not enjoy the greasy wonton chips that are served for free before the meal.
My friend really like them though?!?!
The hot tea was good.
My veggie dish (something with bamboo shoots, mushrooms, green pepper, broccoli, ect.
) and steamed rice was good.
I ate every single bite.
The free dessert (wontons filled with banana and others with plum maybe?
) were yummy.
The total bill with tax and tip for 2 entrees and 1 soda was $24.
I left full and happy.

This has been a favorite lunch spot of mine for over ten years.
The food is always excellent, service is prompt, and it is a good value.
I mostly just order the generic items, kung pao chicken, twiced cooked pork, and garlic chicken so I can't review the rest of the menu.
Their hot sour soup is the standard by which I judge all other Chinese places.
At lunch I've rarely had to wait for a seat but the place is almost always at least half full -- just right.
The owner is friendly and so are the servers; many of them have been there the whole time I've been going.
The dark lighting (no windows) seems a little odd at first but it ends up making it a comfortable little hideout for a relaxing lunch break.

We've been coming here for over 10 years.
I grew up in Europe where the Asian restaurants are far more authentic.
Golden Gate is about as good as it gets in Phoenix.
It's small and intimate, the service is fast and friendly, the food is amazing, the prices are remarkably low, and it is privately owned and operated.
You can't beat it!

LOVE IT!
Before my husband and I moved to Laveen we used to eat here once a week!
Now it's a semi-rare treat for us.
The food is always delicious (way better than PF changs), especially the chow mein and garlic chicken.
The prices are super low and the waitresses, while they don't always speak the best english, are always really helpful and great about refilling drinks.
If you're in the area and feeling Chinese, this is definitely the place for you!

When i first move to an area i have a checklist...grocery store, hole in the wall bar, a couple great restaurants...one of which much be chinese.
i was not let down by Golden Gate.
Its a small dark ambiance which i love.
The staff is courteous and by now know me when i place my order or walk in with new recruits.
almost as if routine i order the usual sweet and sour pork *light delicious sauce with generous vegetables* crab angels, chow mein and fried rice.
i love all of it.
then just when you think you're finished, here comes the fried banana for dessert.
unbelievable.
every time i recommend this place to my friends, they take a look at the plain exterior and give me the sideways look.
the if something goes down im throwing you directly in front of me as a human shield look.
then they sink their teeth into their first bite of food.
they they too become golden gate addicts.
in a couple words?
i HIGHLY recommend.

last night was my first time at this restaurant that my sweetheart, Matt,  has been coming to since he was about 3.  he did mention the no windows thing, which initially bothered me, but that was before we went inside.
it's a small restaurant with a fish tank/weird stick fountain thing that i found pretty, maybe 25 tables MAYBE, the ONLY thing i didn't like about this place was that the bathrooms were smack in the middle of the dining floor.
never have seen that before.
ANYHOW, i mentioned Matt has been eating here most of his life, he told me that the owner knew him well.
i was skeptical, but WRONG.
she gave him a playful jest and was very nice, even bringing us some complimentary crab angels.
they bring you wonton chips before you order, like chips and salsa at a mexican food place!
i was immediately ecstatic, as i have a fondness for anything deep-fried.
we ordered appetizers, crab angels and egg roll.
for the entree, i ordered the beef with onions which was phenomenal, although it was listed as a spicy dish all they did was put  some dried red chile peppers in which i had to bite into for any spice.
Matt got garlic beef, which had delicious flavor, but i found it a bit dry.
the portions are enormous, by the way.
we both have another full meal.
they bring you a tasty sweet wonton treat at the end of your meal that has mashed banana inside.
i could do without the powdered sugar though.
i am sad that i've lived my life without this place for so long.
definitely going back.

can i give 6 stars?
reheated leftovers last night and they were delicious.
not at all weird like leftovers can get.
AND i was full when we left the restaurant with our leftovers, i didn't think i brought that much home...i was full again last night.
i am so happy with this place!
i will probably want to go here again this saturday night!

We went here the other day because my fiancee used to go all the time with her dad when she was a kid.
She hadn't been back in 15 years or so.
Apparently, it's exactly the same, and the food was still pretty good.
The servers were friendly, the food came out fast, and there seemed to be a lot of "regulars" in attendance.
It's pretty standard Chinese food, but a nice, intimate atmosphere.

On our first night in Phoenix, after flying in from Savannah, we opted to stay in, relax, unwind, and get caught up with daughter/step daughter, son-in-law/step son-in-law and granddaughter, Izabel.
We had not seen each another in over a year.
Take out Chinese seemed like the perfect way to fill our bellies with a minimum amount of effort or interruption of our family social objectives.
Upon consulting Yelp reviewers and looking at the map, we easily settled on Golden Gate.
We were not looking for gourmet or exotic, just good old fashioned take out.
If it isn't already obvious however, we were hungry.
Our order included egg rolls, crab angels, fried dumplings, kun po shrimp, Mongolian beef, sweet and sour chicken, moo shu pork and both white and brown rice.
Every choice was well received although the crab angels, dumplings and Mongolian beef received the highest marks.
One person thought the moo shu was too runny and would have benefited from more pork.
Another commented that the chicken could have had more veggies while a third remarked that they liked the way the chicken and its sauce were packaged separately, thus preventing the fried meat from getting soggy.
All in all, this was a very satisfying meal, with tons of leftovers, and all for just $56.60.
An excellent way to enjoy the first evening of our long weekend in Phoenix.

Sue and company have run an outstanding restaurant for 23 years in the east valley.
Terrific Chinese cuisine, in a very pleasant sit down setting.
You will not find better service at any restaurant, anywhere.
Not sure what "pretty standard" Chinese food means; but compared to several other east valley Asian fares, including the major chains, this place is superior.
Plus, if you're going to gamble on taking out Moo Shu, the dish that is typically created and rolled at your table, well, you takes your chances.
If you like the occasional fried delicacy, try the Golden Gate shrimp; love it!
Spend your precious eat-out dollars at locally owned businesses.

Sue runs an amazing establishment and really takes the time to get to know her customers and their tastes.
She remembers us every time we have gone and what we ordered at our last visit.
We love their menu, the traditional atmosphere and music, and most of all: the food!
Probably the best Chinese we have ever had in the entire Valley.
I highly recommend the Golden Gate Beef!
Delicious!

Yum!
Finally I found good chinese on the east side.
I was driving to arcadia for chinese for months before I stumbled upon this place.
Golden Gate has some pretty yummy food.
They are not the cheapest Chinese food in the world, but it is good.
I had their wonton soup, which was really good, their beef with asparagus, which was just ok.. too much asparagus and not enough beef, and their garlic chicken.
Now the garlic chicken was the real star.
I ordered it based on other reviews I have read, and it really was very good.
The chicken is fried and then put in a sweet but savory garlic sauce, mmmm.
I'll definitely be back to try more things at this restaurant.

i'll admit it: i've gotten old.
i hate going out on NYE.
i hate dealing with the drunk masses that inevitably have popped collars and think Pabst Blue Ribbon is the bombdiggity.
sure, i could solve that problem by going to a friend's place to party, but then i have to drive home and let's face it, i like to get my drink on.
driving home just blows.
so, we have a nye tradition (in its second year) of staying home, eating chinese food, drinking, and watching movies.
it works out pretty well except for the fact that we hadn't found a great chinese food place yet.
enter Golden Gate Chinese restaurant.
i had driven by this place almost every day since i moved here in December 09 and always wondered what kind of restaurant didn't have windows.
i'm serious.
the entire building = windowless.
it looked more like a money laundering operation than it did a chinese food place.
since we really had exhausted our chinese options around the area, we figured we might as well try Golden Gate for new years.
hell, if it was horrible, we could always have frozen pizza.
much to our surprise, we found that Golden Gate was freaking fantastic.
we ordered the crab angels (crab wontons), mushu pork, veggie friend rice, and honey walnut shrimp.
this stuff was like crack!
i think we demolished everything.
the honey walnut shrimp was a perfect combo of sweet honey and crispy walnuts.
they didnt drown the shrimpies which was much appreciated.
the crab angels kicked ass.
you know how when you order crab wontons at places and they give you a metric ass ton of wonton and a tiny dab of crap in the middle?
not this place.
they were like sacks (crunchy, tasty sacks) FILLED with crabby cream cheesy deliciousness.
the veggie fried rice was perfect and the mushu pork rocked.
they didnt put the plum sauce in it and left it on the side so you could add as much as you wanted.
no, they dont have delivery but the food is definitely worth the effort of take out or dine in.
i might even have to try dining without windows sometime :)

Def one of the better if  not my best of the East Valley.
The owners are very welcoming and its a nice quiet place.
I'm a huge fan of fried rice and sweet and sour and they do both very well.
I love the chips in the beginning and who doesn't love ending a meal with a fried banana delicious bite!!
MMmmmmm Enjoy

I gave this place 5 stars cause, for Arizona, this is a great Chinese restaurant.
The complimentary tea is awesome.
The service is always great & the food is really good(not as salty & overpriced as others in the area).
Super cheap, especially at lunch!
My bf & I are used to NY chinese & Arizona doesn't usually come close.
The ambiance & authenticity here are just what you get in NY.
Unlike the other strip mall types around the Tempe/Mesa area, this is tucked away with a lot of regulars inside(mainly older folks), but the restaurant is a real set up with very sweet decorations(not saying completely tasteful, but very sweet).
The only thing that ever surprised us was mushrooms in one of our orders & it wan't on the menu.
Other than that, they're nearly always on point & super nice.
We prefer the beef & brocolli or the mongolian beef, but we're moving our way through the rest of the menu.
We love it!

So as I said before, this place has great garlic chicken.
Delicious.
I went back here last night and actually ate there (I've always gotten take out.. so this was a first).
It is so worth it to eat there!
They give you tea, which is good, and little fried wonton skins with red sauce... yum.
So I got the wonton soup again and it was delicious just like the last times...
I love their soup.
Also, the BF and I decided we wanted to try their potstickers (So he has never liked potstickers, but they are my favorite part of chinese food.
So I have not ordered potstickers cuz he won't share them with me... so about a month ago he decided he likes them, so now I can finally have them....yay!).
Their potstickers are delicious!!!!
They are all crispy on the bottom and still soft on the top and when you cut them open they have the juice on the inside, which is a sign of a good potsticker.
The sauce also is good, not the best I've ever had, but very good.
It is a bit spicy and has a few green onions, though more would be better.
Then we had the wonderful garlic chicken.
So the best part about eating in the restaurant is at the end they give you a little fried thing with powered sugar on top.... and in the middle there is banana!!!!
So.
Good.
So go Golden Gate!

What a find!!!
I drive by this place all the time and always mentally say "humm Jess, you should try that place" next time i am going to listen to my gut, because i was missing out!
Inside is a very cute, cozy set up.
everyone is super nice here.
You get complimentary won ton chips and delicious Chinese tea when you get seated( this is pretty rare).
The menu is large which lead us into gluttony...and people i am NOT ashamed because everything was derrrlicious :)  edamame, ribs, angel puffs(crab puff), garlic steak, lemon chicken, honey walmut shrimp (catching my breath)..sake..more hot tea..and then cookies and chocolate for dessert....yummmm  honestly i eat Chinese/Asian/Thai A LOT, and this was one of the best places i have came across in my quest for  great Asian food.
why not five stars then you say??
well i am a fan of windows(none here), and i just can't hand out five stars like candy.
But def a high four!

It's okay.
it's nothing like San Francisco food .

Golden Gate is very disappointing.
I wonder how it could muster a 4-star average on yelp.
I went there with my neighbor on a whim and a prayer.
The place was clean and the service was good.
The table top had a stack of about 4 sheets of commercial paper for easy clean up.
The seats were covered in a plastic sheathe.
The food was thoroughly unremarkable.
We started with the crab puffs and teriyaki chicken skewers.
The crab puffs appeared to have a decent amount of crab, but the wanton casing appeared old and stale.
It wasn't served with any type of dipping sauce.
The teriyaki chicken skewer appeared to be deep-fried chicken tenders with absolutely no teriyaki sauce or flavor besides a soy sauce marinade.
They were left unfinished.
The entrees looked like 100% frozen meats and sauces.
They were absolutely artificial and flavorless.
Simply heated to a warm temperature and served on "Golden Gate" etched faux-china.
The place really needs to catch up about 30 years.

Let me start off by saying: I'm a New York girl who loves her NY Chinese.
Thick egg roles, big meaty spare ribs - you get the drift.
After moving to the southwest I had to give up my two loves, real pizza and tasty Chinese...  UNTIL I DISCOVERED GOLDEN GATE CHINESE on Baseline in Mesa!
GOOD LORD!
THICK egg rolls!
HOT & SOUR soup with a generous amount of heat and spice.
GARLIC CHICKEN THAT CAN NOT BE BEAT!
And the owner, Sue, has been there for 23 years - her chef has been with her for 22 of those years.
This is, far and away, the BEST CHINESE FOOD I HAVE EATEN WEST OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
RUN, don't walk, to GOLDEN GATE!

The fancy is in the food!
This by far was the second best chinese food I have had (other place was in China Town in San Fran).
I ordered the Sesame Chicken and it was just the right flavor, and crispy and not doughy.
Very nice quality food.

This is my favorite Chinese restaraunt in the valley.
The service is fast and friendly and the prices are reasonable.
The staff here is so amazing, I can't stress it enough.
Very recently I called them with a sizeable order late one evening, only 20 minutes before they were set to close.
They assured me that it was no problem at all.
When I ran up to their door they were there waiting for me, order in hand, and greeted me by name!
I have tried several of the dishes and I have found them all to be delightful.
I frequently order take out and it never takes more than 15 minutes to be ready and is always fresh and hot.
Eating in is equally enjoyable, the service is prompt, they serve complimentary tea, and at the end of the meal they serve a complimentary pastry filled with banana and dusted with powdered sugar.
I've enjoyed the lunch specials on numerous occasions and they are awesome.
The egg rolls here are the best I've had in a long time!
Even at lunch the portions are very large, but are super cheap!
The lunch specials even extend to Saturdays!
Recommended dishes: Garlic Chicken, Golden Gate Special Beef, Mushu Pork, Pork Fried Rice

Came here for the first time tonight and I am drinking the Golden Gate KoolAid!
The service was top notch, also nice to see a place bring out hot tea right away with out needing to ask for it.
Had the sesame chicken meal with crab puffs, shrimp and the egg roll.
Wow!
Will be back!
Very warm and tasteful place.

Sue still remembers us (as do her wonderful waitresses!
) And the food was better than the last time we ate here too.
I still recommend the Golden Gate Beef.
My husband had their Kung Pao and was in heaven.

Ok folks, I think we have a winner!
If you've read my other reviews, you would know that I've been on the hunt for a good Chinese restaurant since I moved to AZ from NY.
Golden Gate has a beautiful decor.
The owner Sue is so elegant and charming.
She's been in business for 24 years and very proud of that fact.
Can you blame her?
The options are plentiful.
This place is really a "have it your way" establishment.
You can substitute tofu instead of meat for virtually any dish and can substitute veggie fried rice instead of white for 50 cents.
A little pricey, but the food is fresh and they give plenty of it.
I have enough for leftovers.
I was able to add broccoli to my meal and they actually know how to fry tofu correctly!
They even slipped in a nice little bag of crispy wonton chips!
Thanks Yelpers for helping me find this place!

I have been coming to Golden Gate off and on for about ten years ( I live in surprise so not exactly close) and the food is awesome.
The service is awesome as well considering how few places you can go to wher your remembered at all.
I can walk in after 6 months of not going and everyone remembers me and what I usually order.
Also got to go celebrate the chinese new year there once.
OH MY GOD real (REAL) chinese food not half the stuff americans order.
My personal favorites are the golden gate special beef , the moo shu ( with tableside service...i mean come on who else does that, and the crab angels.
The crab angels are to die for, they are so fat and plump here unlike all the other places grease filled triangles.
these are little golden purses of crab so good who needs a sauce ( i mean who eats them with sauce anyways... if you need sauce for your crab angels they must be horrible .
) if you call yourself a chinese food fan this is a must try!!!

This place has been here for decades for a reason;  good food, good service, good price.
Classic old school Chinese, family run restaurant.
Lunch specials are superb and leave little left to be desired.
Winning.

So.... My husband and I came to the Golden Gate for a 'date night' dinner and we were so very impressed with the food, service, atmosphere and prices, we just had to give them 5 stars!
The service is better than excellent!
We were seated immediately in a cozy booth,  even though the parking lot outside seemed full and we thought we'd have to wait for a table.
They explained in great detail anything on the menu for us.
Their knowledge of the menu is superb and instills real confidence in the diner!
Sue, the owner, took the time to introduce herself and chat with us.
She's very welcoming, how very nice!!
The food was prepared by the chef, very fresh and hot.
Immediately brought to us from the kitchen, never left to wait for the server, no, no!!
This food was served up right now and was wonderful!
There was so much food for us, I just couldn't believe it, they just kept bringing more and more things to eat, it was just fabulous!
Then, the real test, the check came.
And to our pleasant surprise, the damage was really not bad at all....
I mean to tell you this place is beyond reasonable when it comes to the check, we were both taken back by the great prices.
This has to be the best kept secret in the southeast valley, so please - don't tell too many of your friends or we'll never get a table again....
lol!!
For real, I can't say enough about this place, what a great, REAL Chinese Restaurant and WE WILL MOST CERTAINLY BE BACK many, many times over.

It was my turn to pick a restaurant, so based on the reviews from YELP, I choose this one.
We ordered the Mu Shu Pork, crispy duck and Peking Pan Fried noodles.
The service was wonderful and courteous.
Now, when they bring out the hot tea without asking and its complimentary, that is old school and what I am used to.
The crispy wonton skins was an added plus.
The waitress made up the mu shu pork with the pan cakes.
They used a lot of bean sprouts which took away some of the flavor but it still was good.
As for the Peking Pan Fried noodles, I guess I like the Hong Kong style of noodles better which is more crisp.
It looked like they added the Chow King noodles from the can and had the sauce soften them.
Again, there were a lot of bean sprouts in the dish.
The crispy duck was good, but my wife thought it was a little dry.
I loved it.
Told her she should have ordered the Roast Duck instead.
To top it off, we were given a fortune cookie and a wonton puff  with honey inside and powdered sugar on top.
Nice way to end the meal.
BTW, I had enough left over to enjoy lunch the next day.

Just did carry out.
Panda Express is WAY better.
Actually, Taco Bell is better.

I love this place.
The food is the greatest, the service is always great and there's just something about the place that makes it feel like you're at a family friend's.
Go here.
If nothing else to see the tweens breaking their backs trying to carry their oversized bass guitars into the nearby music lessons studio.
There's also a massage parlor that's always open a few doors down.
I'd imagine it's not a very classy establishment.
Regardless, try the crab angels with the beef with peppers.

Great food, great service, always a pleasant greeting and a nice pot of tea.
I'm always excited to go and always happy that I went.
Keep up the good work!

One of my friends took me here after raving about their parent's passion for this place and how they have been going here year after year.
Oh my god!
This place is sooooo amazing!
The owner is so sweet as well.
It's authentic, delicious, and really reasonably priced, too.
If you even think your left overs will make it to your house (or even the 101) think again.
This place is just plain awesome!

Been back a couple times since.
I just want to point out that even on their busiest nights, this restaurant remains calms, cool and welcoming.
Warm and happy servers, wonderful food.
They just don't miss!
If there were more than 5 stars, this is one Restaurant I'd surely give the best rating to.
:-)

Food: excellent.
Everything I've tried has been great.
Service: excellent.
Ambience: yes, it's dark.
I always get takeout so I don't care either way.
The only problem I have with Golden Gate is a lingering cloud of sewer funk out front; it's there every time I go.

Always my go-to Chinese.
Crab puffs are amazing

Wow!...I'm going back!
I was a waiter in a Chinese owned and operated restaurant in college, and I lived in Asia for a year, AND, visited both China & Hong Kong, so I KNOW authentic Chinese food.
This place is the real thing.
Not to mention great friendly service, and their water is definitely not tap water...It tastes great.
I love these 'mom & pop' family-owned businesses.
You just know you are going to get great food when the place is not much to look at from the inside or the outside, which means the ONLY reason they are still in business is really good food & service!
I was surprised they were pretty busy for a Monday night, with several take-out orders.
It is hard to fine a Chinese place that is open 7 days a week, and particularly on Mondays.
If you don't like this place, you don't know REAL Chinese food, so just go back to your chain China Gate & Pei Wei crap!
LOL

A great favorite of ours.
Service is constantly friendly.
Food is of excellent quality and portions are huge.
They also accept Restaurant.com gift certificates.
I highly recommend Golden Gate Chinese Restaurant.
After moving from NYC two years ago, this has become our favorite Chinese restaurant in the Phoenix market!

Spent a few weeks in China and My daughter spent 6 months there, so we were looking for a place to give us that "We're eating real Chinese food"  feeling...
This place SAYS that, but it is standard stuff.
If you like sweet Americanized "Panda Express" type food  (I like my Panda Express too at times), then this might be a place to go.
When we asked for different dishes to see if they had any traditional ones we were told  "well in China, when Americans show up they give you a different menu..."  Those of you who have been to China know that frequently there are just a bunch of pictures of food on the wall as a menu, the menus you do get typically are in Chinese, and that the food you get in China tastes QUITE different from what you get here, unless you go to KFC or Pizza Hut....  Our quest continues - I'll post if I find one that is really great!

First visit recently and I thought highly of it...
Pro's - value.
For the lunch price and what you get, it's a great value!!
(that's what earned the 5th star) - quality of food I felt was very good.
Had twice cooked pork and veggies and the pork were all good  - several people waited on me; good, friendly service.
Cons' - it is a little dark inside.
There are several options for this cuisine; I'll come back....

I've passed this place for years and years and always appreciated the old-school appearance--similar to all of those Chinese places I grew up with.
The other day we finally got around to trying it.
I was not expecting genuine Chinese food, on the contrary, I was expecting old-school, Chinese-American stuff like chop-suey.
In that, I was not disappointed.
With a couple of exceptions, their menu could have come out of a Chinese restaurant in the Midwest circa 1970.
I was, however, disappointed with the food, sadly.
This is one of those places I was anxious to like--a real throwback and a survivor.
But truly, the food was not good.
In fact, my egg foo young tasted a little spoiled.
I threw it away and ate the friend won tons they gave us.
The rest of the food, according to my family, was not that bad, but nothing great.
Even the spicy dishes tasted rather bland.
I do love the look of the place, and the service was friendly and efficient.
I hate to give it a two star review, but I can't muster any more than that right now.

LOVE this place!
Been there for lunch/dinner maybe 20 times, and have had ONE below average visit.
The service borders on amazing.
Somehow they are at your table constantly taking care of you WITHOUT being disruptive.
It's very tricky!
The food is good, and the portions are generous.
The one time we had an issue was simply because the tea came to us cold, and our waitress was having a seriously hard time explaining a dish to us, and taking our order (language issue).
But every other time we dined there, it was amazing!
The prices are so low for such quality/quantity/service, it will keep you coming back for more.
I only wish they had some more variety insofar as vegetarian dishes go....Their menu could be from the '70's.
Try it for lunch, the specials are a bargain.

We have been coming here for years and years.
Tonight was my daughters 15th birthday and this is where she wanted dinner.
The first time she ate here she was 2!!
The owner knows us by name and always has kind words for our kids...but I ramble...the food never disappoints.
The Hot and Sour Soup is the best in town and I have never eaten a dish I was unhappy with.
Our family favorites are the Orange Chicken, the Cashew Nut Chicken, and the Mu Shu Pork.
They always serve hot tea to the table and the service is VERY attentive.
Come it at lunch you will be amazed how far your dollar goes!
Thank you Golden Gate for the wonderful birthday dinner.

This is the only Chinese restaurant I dine at.
I have been going to Golden Gate for over 15 years, and in that time I have always had top notch service and terrific food.
The prices are extremely fair.
I recommend this restaurant to anyone.

Some people have said that this place serves the best Chinese food in the Valley.
Others say it sucks.
I have an opinion between the two extremes.
Being from the San Francisco Bay Area, I have had a lot of Chinese food of all qualities and types.
This stuff was pretty mediocre, middle of the road stuff.
The place really does have the look of a 1970s Chinese joint as has been said by other reviewers.
They also have that little mini grill lit by sterno that they put on the table so you can cook meat on a stick (or burn it if you are not careful).
They don't have that back home.
Sure, I'd eat there again some time, but this place can't compete even with the average Chinese restaurant in the Bay Area.
You will get a plate of quite edible food here for your dollar, will get good, attentive service, and will leave full--just don't expect anything special in terms of taste.

Not like it used to be.
I used to come here all the time about 6 years ago.
I always got the Golden Gate Special Beef, which was a huge pile of beef in a thick red sauce, sprinkled with candy-coated walnuts.
I decided to get that again and was disappointed to find a small plate of soggy fried beef in a watery sauce with a few plain walnuts.
My dining companion had the garlic chicken and it was a little slimy.
The crab angels tasted fishy and the pot stickers were more wrapper than filling, so everything was a disappointment.
It definitely isn't as good and it's far more expensive than I remember it.
Too bad.

I have been frequenting this place for years.
Great chinese food.
The food is always better if you go for dinner.
Dining in is waaay better than take out and lunch time.
For dinner they bring out fresh fried wontons and for dessert you get fried banana wontons and fortune cookies.
Brings back childhood memories :) We always order the golden gate fish which is fried pieces of fish in a sweet sauce with toasted walnuts.
It's very good, better than the shrimp version.
The szechuan chicken is really good too.
If you like it spicy make sure you specify that when you order.
I always need chilli oil on the side.
But the food is very good, I keep going back.
Service can be slow, so if you get a hold of the waitress tell her everything you want at once, cuz you don't know when she will be back :P But the staff is very friendly.

Good Chinese food.
I think Chinese food can be hard to find, and I am very happy I found Golden Gate.
They also have a great lunch special-you get so much food for a great price!
We will continue to come back.

I've been going here since I was a wee lass and over the years not much has changed.
The service is always polite, the hot tea is always piping hot, the wonton chips are always delightfully greasy, and the food is always tasty and plentiful.
It seems they always have coupons in the local mailers for 15% off.
Do like I do--place a phone order for a mountain of food, take it home and watch bad movies.
Hahaha!
You thought all that food was for a family?!
Boy, I sure pulled one over on you.

Been coming here for a long time for the happy platter.
Food is always good and fairly priced.
Will be back again soon I'm sure.

Great neighborhood chinese restaurant.
We've been going there for 15 years.
Try the War Wonton Soup!

Very tasty authentic food.
Very well cooked and tasty, the garlic chicken is delicious.
Some of the staff are less friendly than others and they have occasionally given me the wrong take out order by mistake... but overall a great place to eat.
If you're looking for authentic Chinese food this is where it's at!

This might be my new favourite Lunch time restaurant.
Very quick, fresh and so much food.
Great value.

This place has great food!
I will definitely be back!

The best restuarant in the Valley.
I love everything I've had there and have never been disappointed.
Sue the owner walks around and talks to the people.
Our favorite waitress is Annie.
She is superb.. We go there at least one a month.

Old school Chinese food.
served with complimentary hot tea and crispy wontons.
Excellent customer service.
Great food...

Been going here for 10+ years!
Food is still excellent.
Service is great!
Old school Chinese food and decor.. What you think about a Chinese food place should taste and look like!

Just tried this place for the first time today, after living nearby for the last 13 years and never stopping in.
I've been wanting a old-fashioned Chinese restaurant who served food family-style, but with a hubby who considers Pei Wei's Orange Peel Chicken as asian as he'll eat, I never really had the opportunity to search places out.
Now that my daughter is old enough to eat at a restaurant without making a scene (you parents know what I'm talking about) I've started to venture out with her to try new places.
On the kid-friendly front, they've got a nice aquarium with some large colorful fish in them and a fountain right in the center of the restaurant.
We were lucky enough to be seated right across from it.
My daughter loved watching the fish while we waited.
After reading all the reviews on Yelp for this place, I decided to give it a try, and I'm SO glad I did.
This place is fabulous.
And their prices are very reasonable, especially for their lunch specials!
I'm on a calorie/carb restricted diet, so I'm always really careful with what I ordered.
I was happily surprised to find lots of veggie/protein combos to choose from.
The sauces that came on them were nice and light.
I didn't feel like I was "cheating" by not ordering them without the sauce.
I'm SO thrilled that I've finally found my Chinese place and will be coming back regularly!
(My daughter has already demanded that it becomes our regular eat-out lunch place - which we do once a week).
The service was prompt and responsive.
Sue, I'm assuming, was roving around making sure all of the guests were happy.
A few patrons called her by name, which is always a good sign.
We will definitely be back.
I'm even planning on dragging my hubby in and making him try it.
I know he'll love it once he gives the place a shot!

Disgusting.
We ordered...  2 egg rolls.
: G-R-O-S-S.  Crab Angels.
: freaking inedible.
Yushang Lamb.
: Lamb was tender, but my husband vomited onto his plate when he bit into a Chinese Hair.
Twice cooked pork.
: Flavorless  Chicken Chow mein.
: large lo mein noodles that were lacking flavor.
Pork Fried Rice: the best item we order, and most tasty.
However, after hair was found in the lamb I immediately threw all dishes in the trash.
Beef N Broccoli: Flavorless and gross.
This meal was anything BUT good.
$56 down the drain, and we will never dine here again.
We suggest you don't either!
China Village is AMAZEBALLS!!!
(28th st Indian school)

I am from the East Coast and this is the closest to what we get back East for excellent Chinese Food!
Every other place I tried since moving here was horrible!
Staff is super friendly and after going here only for a few weeks begins to recognize you!
It has become a weekly outing!

Tried this place for my second ... and final time.
Golden Gate reminds me of Chinese in the Midwest, only ignorant people would rate this 4 stars.
That this placed has existed at this location for many years shows there is no accounting for taste.
This is Lazy Chinese Food for White People .... LCFWP  You've been warned!
Do yourself a favor an head a few miles south (past C-Fu) to China King for Dim Sum an authentic Chinese Dishes.

I go to eat Chinese food here at least once a year even though its far from my house.
I like the quaint feel of the restaurant and the service and taste if the food is wonderful.

My husband and I are obsessed with Golden Gate!
We have lived in the Tempe-Chandler area forever and had never tried it until this last November.
The atmosphere is your typical Chinese Restaurant complete with authentic decor and a giant fish tank.
We love the hot tea and the meals that are meant to split.
Everything we tried was tasty and had us very satisfied!
The owner is so sweet and friendly.
On our second trip for dinner, she came over and introduced herself to us.
She shared her story with us and just gave us more reason to want to come back again and again.

Okay.
First off, I've been going here since the mid to late 80's.
It's a long standing, proven Chinese Restaurant.
It's years serving good food is telling enough to it's quality.
Is it the best in the world?
No.
But it sure is darned close!
I've never had a bad meal here.
Their complimentary hot tea and crispy won tons with sweet & sour are always the perfect appetizer.
Add some hot mustard for spice ;-)  The staff are always courteous and make sure you are well taken care of as soon as you walk in the door.
Tsing-Tao?
YES PLEASE!
I have a little secret for you - Order their Garlic Beef.
This is the only restaurant in the valley (that I know of) that actually sells it!
It is PHENOMENAL!
Tangy, saucy, garlicy beef that melts in your mouth.
Your entrees come with a container of steamed rice that add just the right touch of Asian flair.
Don't listen to the haters out there, this is a really great place for old school Chinese food.
If you aren't in the mood for the trendy overpriced nonsense of "other" restaurants, go visit Golden Gate!
YOU WON'T BE SORRY!
Oh, at the end of it all?
Crispy fried won tons with a banana center and powered sugar!
YAY!!
Get out there and check out Golden Gate!

Golden Gate isn't much to look at, both inside and out.
They could certainly benefit from a makeover.
Despite the appearance, they consistently cook some of the BEST Chinese food in the valley.
The current owner is so sweet and friendly, and always makes it a point to walk around to tables and make sure the customers are happy with their experience.
The tea is excellent and so are the egg rolls.
It's also very difficult to find a restaurant that makes a good Egg Foo Young...Golden Gate's is superb!
So is their Lemon Chicken, Kung Po, Moo Shoo, and pretty much everything else on the menu.
There's only one other tiny problem with Golden Gate...they're located next to a sewer treatment center.
Sometimes the smell on the walk just through the parking lot is unbearable.
There's nothing they can do about the location, other than move, which isn't possible when you've been in the same spot for as many years as they have.
Overall, Golden Gate is a Five star restaurant with one star interior design and one star one location.
I hope to see them redesign in the future!

We have been coming here for 20 years!!
Tried just about everything on the menu and never disappointed with our meal.
The lunch special is awesome!
Also go with Golden Gate Special Beef!
My absolute fave!

I have been coming to Golden Gate since the 80's and well it has not changed at all.
I like that it brings back good memories every time.
The food is good and we order a couple of dishes to share.
I really like the crab angels and happy platter as well.
The little flaming grill on the happy latter still makes my eyes light up as when I was a child.
The hot tea is free and the service on water refills is spot on.
The place has no windows and is right next to a animal vet but don't let that bother you.
I recommend the Snow White chicken for sure.
I really love this place!
I hope it never closes!

I visited this place over and over again it just doesn't get old we ordered shrimp and vegetables for the adults, sesame chicken for the children.
The meals are very generous and full of taste.
We will keep coming back even if is way out of our way.

