This place is great the only pizza place we ate when i lived in AZ love the garlic crust.
I wish they will deliver to CA

Jessica was super friendly and helpful in taking my phone order!

Affordable, and delicious to boot!
The pizza was prepared very , very quickly.
My husband placed an order over the phone, we drove to the joint, and it was all ready when we got there.
The elapsed time was probably only 10 minutes.
Our only regret was... we forgot to ask for a flavored crust!
D'oh!

Pizza was okay, tasted a lot like Peter piper.
Just cheap pizza that is good enough to eat.
Crust was super super salty.
There are many other pizza places I would eat at before I would get this.
Jimmy and joes pizza blows this away.
If you looking for just okay pizza at a good price this is for you.

I placed an order a few weeks ago and went to pick it up and the manager was busy taking a phone call when I arrived.
I kept trying to make eye contact with the other person working who was about 15 feet behind the manager making pizzas.
I could just feel my pizza losing its delicious temperature as the minutes passed by.
After several minutes of trying to get the other employees attention the manager finally put the person whom he was speaking to on the phone on hold and came to get my debit card to pay for the pizza.
The food was good, and thanks to the manager who actually cared about me getting my food when it was hot I give this place 3 stars.
I rarely eat pizza but when I do I want it hot, fast and cheap.
Howies usually does all 3, but 2 out of 3 for a pizza joint is unacceptable.

Wow!
The garlic flavored crust pizza we ordered was DELICIOUS!
I was pleasantly surprised, as the price was so cheap I wasn't sure how the quality would be.
Honestly, the best pizza I've had since moving to Arizona in 2007!

UPDATE:  on previous review below- I do have to add that my last order (with a big blunder) was indeed made right... by going over their heads (that I suspect are somewhat foggy via smokin a little somethin somethin.
At least that is common in Michigan).
So bcuz that is much appreciated,  I will continue with my granddaughter's usual every Friday.
She likes flavored crust, grandma likes deal $$$ :D Thank you Arizona Pizza Management!
Original problem started July 5 on a delivery order for $45.00.
They messed up what was on pizza (no chorizo) & forgot the wings; had to go back for them.
I called about pizza toppings wrong &  no wings, GUY on phone said "we don't have chorizo".
I said "you didn't tell us that & its on your menu".
He said "I can credit you a pizza AND wings".
I said "and how will you remember this or assure me ?
" He said "I'll put it in the system".
Sure enough when we called on july 9, SHE was a bleep & acted like we put her out.
Plus no delivery bcuz of total???
When total is their fault?!
Besides...she was such a bleep that I don't trust eating my food from there.

I only have 1 start because I cant give zero.
On 3 occasions I received service so bad I thought it was a practical joke.
I asked the employee 3 times why they didn't take coupons and his answers were "cause, cause we dont, and cause I said so" ...wow.
when I did get the order it was completely wrong on all 3 occasions.
Hungry howies you are THE worst.

