This place is great.
It is very clean and the staff is very nice and accommodating.
Every time I walk out I am completely satisfied with the work.

The actual pedicure was great but when I went to pay, they charge an extra dollar to use your debit/credit card and only take cash for a tip.
It was pricier than other places to begin, then the inconvenience with the payment makes my decision of not returning easy.

I love this place!
They get four stars only because they charge an extra $1 if you aren't paying with cash.
Oh yeah, and you can't add the tip to the card!?
Craziness.
So as long as you remember to go to the ATM first, this place is awesome.
Clean, nice massaging pedicure chairs, and super nice staff!
I showed up just as they were closing and they still rushed me back to get my eyebrows done.
Hooray!
They needed it, lol.
And even though they were closing, the girl didn't do a rush job, and topped it off with their standard temple and neck rub to boot.
Thanks so much!

I have been going to this nail place for at least 11 years.
It is clean as can be.
Beautifully decorated.
The staff are always very professional and do a great job.
I always leave completely satisfied and can't wait to return as it is a nice experience.
My husband goes for his pedicure too.
The first time he went he was kicking and screaming but after the first time he also can't wait to go back.
They treat him like a KING!
Actually there are lots of guys that go to this nail salon.
Can't recommend this nail place enough.
They also do waxing.

My mother and I decided to go here for her 1st mani/pedi ever.
This place looks like youre little-fancier-than-basic nail salon.
It was very clean and bright.
We were able to sit next to each other in our pedicure chairs.
I had a gentleman working on me, he was great.
Ive had several manicures and this one was up there w/ the really good ones.
I got the basic but he still used hot stones on my legs and feet.
**Ive you've never had this done, do it.
Itll probably cost extra but it feels amazing.
Then it was over to the tables for my mani.
My guy worked quickly and efficiently and I was done in no time.
He even complimented me on my nail color choice!
My Mom had an older lady who seemed to be really taking her time.
I was done w/ a great mani/pedi about 35 minutes before she was.
The prices here are comparable to other salons, but if youre specifically looking for a place in the Dana Park area, Id recommend them.

They are pretty good.
Some times you have to really pay attention to make sure they do a good job.
I really like Trina or Fawn.
They up charge you for using your credit card, which I'm not sure is legal....

This place is great!
I've been to a few different nail places, but always end up coming back here.
The people are friendly, the place is clean & relaxing & they do the best job ever!
I'm a little picky when it comes to the way my nails look & they have always done them perfectly!
I've gotten fake nails put on, and taken off as well as gel manicures and pedicures.
They're superb & even though I now live 20 minutes away, I'll keep driving back.
I've been going here for 10 years & I have no plans on changing any time soon!

Great pedicures!!!
Love the staff and very reasonable prices.
I would totally recommend this place and will be back!

