Let's talk dogs.
Okay, I have a little 4-pound Maltese who is just the sweetest little pup I have ever had!
Since his size is so convenient, he usually goes shopping with me and rides in my purse.
Well this weekend we went to his favorite store to pick up some dog food.
I have been to many PetSmarts around the valley, but I don't remember any of them being as cramped as this store is.
I could hardly steer my cart around the huge displays in the middle of the aisles and since the store was a little busy, trying to get around the store was quite impossible.
After I located the dog food, we spent some time looking between brands of food...I mean I like variety, so why should he be stuck with the same food day in and day out?
But I couldn't find any one to talk to to answer my questions about the two choices I had: his old food, Iams for small breeds or this new one Eukanuba for Yorkies.
Yes, I know my dog is not a Yorkie (as I mentioned above), but Maltese and Yorkies are pretty close with their: long hair, cute little faces, and a personalities bigger than their small size.
I just wasn't sure of the benefits of one over the other and Eukanuba is significantly more expensive, which I don't mind, but I want to make sure the benefits are worth the cost.
Any ways, there was no one around to ask, which was disappointing - because I'm not the best at making these kinds of decisions on my own.
So I stuck with the old, but good ol' Iams brand.
We went to check out and the reason this place received 3 stars instead of just 2 is because the lady who checked us out was really nice and showered my sweet little puppy with loves and treats and I know she made his day!

This particular Petsmart is for the birds!
It's not very clean or organized.
The aisles are very narrow.
They do have a lot of aquarium items, including fresh water fish.
Would like to see them make it a little more user friendly.
Most Petsmart's are the same unfortunately.

Just picked up our puppy from his first grooming session ever.
The people at Pet Smart were very friendly and clearly love dogs.
We had Sierra groom our pooch and he got along with her very well.
I recommend Sierra if you're looking to clean up your K-9 anytime soon.

Just had our Yorkie groomed yesterday by Misty and she did an amazing job!!
It's the best haircut he has ever had.
She showered him with love and attention and I knew he was in good hands.
We will be back to have her groom him again.

Wow!
Rude employees here.
I politely informed the cashier that the turtle flipped on its back.
Yeah, I know turtles can use their legs and neck to right themselves up again.
But I also know if they can't, they'll die of starvation & dehydration.
Point is, not enough room for the turtle with all the other crap in his aquarium.
Then upon leaving, the cashier did a "grrrr" to her manager like she's the turtle whisperer and we were aggravating her.
You work at a Petsmart, you're not a zoologist.
I was just a concerned customer.
I will never go to this location ever again due to miss tall, short brown hair, pierced nose' attitude.

After shopping here , and using the veterinary services for many years without any problems, today I was witness to a rude clerk "not" doing her job.
One assumes that when one works around animals, one cares about the animals in their store.
Not true for the clerk that we had informed of a turtle that had turned itself over.
The clerk's curt response was, "He does it all the time".
Oh ok...so that makes it ok then I guess.
Let's not forget the cage is too small for this particular turtle.
I asked for the manager and she did the right thing offering to go help turn the turtle over.
She came back stating the turtle was indeed turning himself over.
Upon leaving the store, the aforementioned clerk said, "grrrrr".
Apparently she was upset that we cared too much for a turtle.
I thought about going back in and saying something to the long-haired blonde manager, but thought better of it as she didn't say anything to the clerk when she growled at us.
So miss slender, short haired, nose-pierced clerk....if you don't care for animals, get another job.
Shame shame shame.
------  as a follow up - I was contacted by someone in customer service, but never heard back from them.
One bad experience and person doesn't mean the whole store or staff are responsible or bad, but we have used a different pet store ever since.
Let me say this about the turtle.
I know who bought him (no, not me), and that greek tortoise is now spoiled and happy.

This PetsMart Pet Hotel is the best we have ever been to.
The staff all know my dog's name and her behaviors and she is always so happy to be there with them--so much so, she's often more excited about playing with the staff than the other puppies.
Moreover, the manager, Elliot, is the best.
He follows up on issues--he once sorted out an anonymous comment I left about a problem I had in a recent stay from a PetsMart survey and called me to resolve this issue and gave us free camp days.
I never worry about my pet being there with staff like this.

Took our 2 1/2 yr old lab here for doggie day care.
I was disappointed to learn they kennel the pets until 9:00 am and then bring them out to play.
When we check in our dogs at another location the dogs are immediately brought into the play room to get their play on.
We picked her up after 5:00 and she was kenneled again- not playing.
I think we'll stick with the other location by my office- this was closer to our home.
Staff was playing with pups in the playroom from the time we dropped her off to the time we picked her up.
We didn't bring her to doggie day care to be kenneled most of the time- we are trying to enhance her social skills and get her separation anxiety better since she's a rescue.

I have always had very good customer service here.
This store is on the small side, and they often have low stock on the one item that I make a special trip to this store to buy.
The staff has been very friendly, and I am always asked at least twice if I am finding everything I need prior to getting to the cashier.

When you need crickets for your gecko and it's getting late, and the poor thing has to eat, you can jump in here to grab a dozen or so and get on your way with medium speed.
Sometimes you gotta wait just a bit for the staff to help you out (it seems that most pet stores these days are a little understaffed if you get more than a couple of customers in there), but that's only a mild inconvenience when you're shopping for your beloved cricketeater.
Haven't used them for anything else than that--but most Petsmarts have the same thing this one does--dog food, cat food, birds, reptiles, and all the stuff you'll need to keep them properly fed, housed, clean, and even dressed.

