I think I lived at this Starbucks for the last year that I lived in AZ.
I love the outdoor patio and the chairs and couches inside are always comfy.
I never got harrassed by the employees about hanging around for like 3 hours or chilling out in the front making lots of noise with friends.
There usually isn't a line, because this isn't a busy Starbucks.
There's also the random magazine stands right in front of the store which are handy if you feel like reading something, but forgot a book.
The parking lot kinda sucks, but there's like 10 other stores using the same lot.
One of my favourite Starbucks.

Very good atmosphere, never super croweded even on the weekends, oh and my favorite part-They close at 11:30pm!!
Great for a night owl like me.
The other starbucks I've been to in Chandler and Gilbert are usually closed around 9pm or so.
So when my husband and I have a usual night craving, you'll find us there, happily hanging out here.
Employees are friendly, place is pretty clean.
What is also nice is that there is plenty of shopping to do  and restraunts to try around the area as well.

Holy cow!!!
The Barista had a big bloody cut on his hand and kept wiping it on his apron, then was handling the cups and making drinks ewwww!!
When I asked him to stop and go wash his hands, his response was I promise I don't have any diseases.
double eww!

I really liked this location!
The coffee is good...the same as any other location but I felt really comfy here.
The place wasn't packed but they were busy.
People coming and going constantly.
I noticed that the people going there were definitely regulars as the staff knew everyone's name that walked in the door.
Even though they knew their customers, it never interrupted the flow of traffic in there.
The customers waiting never had to stand and wait because the barista was catching up with the regulars.

Worst customer service I have ever received.
The employees didn't stop talking to assist us.
It was like we were interfering with their free time at work.

Even though this Starbucks is located in a strip mall with one of the worst parking lots ever, it's still relatively easy to get in and out.
Once you are inside, that may be a different story.
The staff is friendly enough, but seem to lack a sense of urgency.
There is usually a line every time I go in, but today was the first time I have seen another employee come from the back to help ring people up.
I use a gift card on the Starbucks app to pay, but any time I want to use one of the deals they seem to be a little confused.
Unaware may be more like it.
I'm sure that's the fault of the Starbucks corporation though....communication gets lost, I'm sure.
The drinks are fairly consistent, but the cost is not.
Not sure if it is lack of training or one employee just trying to "be nice" but depending on who you get will determine if you are charged correctly or get a little break.

