I stop by this Michaels whenever I'm in the area.
I think it is an older store, not as large as some of the newer ones like at Riverview Center and Ray Rd, or the one south of here on Gilbert.
But I always enjoy looking around and find the clerks helpful.

Such bad customer service at the framing desk.
I wanted to custom frame a poster and I have never talked about custom framing to anyone before!
The individual couldn't have been less interested and assumed I knew everything there was to know about framing , glass, spacing etc etc.
After all that the price was $160 over what was displayed for the size of my poster.
Simply put, they were a customer service disaster.

Horrible customer service at this location.
The older women at the registers get flustered easliy and pawn you off on another employee to ring you up.
Is rather drive out of my way to a  Joanns it a Hobby Lobby than to ever set foot in this store again.

I'm SO Tossed up about this place...
When I need something for a DIY Project I go here first EVERY time & EVERY time I've left empty handed... Its a DIY Project that includes Arts & Crafts (Like in their name) HOW is it that I leave Empty Handed?
Depending on the time of the year this store isn't too crowded but the customer service is NO WHERE to be found... Will be heading to Joann's & Hobby Lobby from now on.
Dear Michaels: I'm TIRED of leaving empty handed!

I tried to come up  with one nice memory of Michaels Craft stores, but sadly none exist!
So I guess I will share my favorite moments that keep my sister and I laughing when we talk about them.
As with all Michaels, they were pushing everyone out the door well before closing time.
I was overcharged on a few items, which is also typical for all Michaels.
I called the store after realizing that they charged me for an item that I didn't get that was over $8 (anything over $7 on an overcharge annoys me enough to actually make a phone call to let them know about it) but it was six minutes after they closed, and no one would answer the phone and they didn't have a recording or a way to leave a message which is ridiculous to not have a recorded message at least providing the address and business hours.
I called three times, just in case, they were on another line, but I am sure they had already rushed out the door, since they had the place locked up and no one else was allowed inside when I was leaving at 7:52.
I thought it was a bit odd that they also pull all of their outside sale bins inside at 7pm making it impossible to actually see anything in the entire front area where they crammed them inside the door.
I really wish they could stop the announcements about when the store closes every five minutes for the last hour or TWO that they are supposed to be open, and focus on helping make the cluttered store a little easier to walk through, as well as checking the sale signs for accuracy (huge issues with items ringing up correctly every single time I have been there) I was in a Michaels last year around Christmas time that made this announcement at 6pm,  "The time is now 6pm, Michaels will be closing in two hours, please make your final selections and bring them to the register at this time"  I thought it was a joke, but they made the announcement every ten minutes until I was so annoyed that I got the hell out of there!
My cart was full at that point, so I parked it by the register that the repeated announcements were coming from.
I thought I would help them pass the time between announcements by putting all of my $200 or so dollars  worth of merchandise away since I would be buying it at Joann's instead!
When I buy something from a sale bin with three signs listing the price of the item,  and then get charged more at the register, and told by the cashier that "the signs must be old" and she "doesn't know why they are still hanging", MAYBE IT WOULD BE A GOOD DECISION TO REMOVE THE SIGNS AT THAT POINT, but they didn't, because when I had to return that evening to get my son something for a school project, they were still hanging even though the cashier refused to let me buy them at the price they still had on them.
If you need some help with management, and customer service, I would suggest researching successful entrepreneurs and their business models for a guide before losing the rest of your customers to Hobby Lobby and Joann's, or maybe some brilliant entrepreneur who comes along and builds the best craft store imaginable, but throws in something that all three craft stores seems to lack; EXCELLENT, FRIENDLY, CUSTOMER SERVICE!!
Sam Walton, founder of Walmart, said, "There is only one boss.
The customer, and he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
" He knew the importance of providing good customer service, and as a business, you probably should too!

I've been in this location a couple of times, and each time it has been a cluttered mess.
Today it looked like they were trying to set up some Easter items, but no one was actually setting anything up.
Instead it was half empty displays, no price tags...just a huge clusterf**k.  The regular, non-holiday aisles were an equal mess.
Items just thrown down on the shelves, empty hooks, a lot out of place.
I didn't experience the customer service today, but on earlier trips the cashiers have been friendly enough and I was able to find someone on the floor.

Unfortunately I have to agree with the majority of reviews for this particular location.
It's extremely cluttered throughout the store and hard to find something specific if you're looking for an item that you need instead of just looking around the store.
We didn't really interact with any of the customer service staff so I can't speak to that and whether or not they are helpful in finding anything.
We were unable to find either of the two items that we were looking for in order to complete a project we're working on for my friend's wedding.
Both items were out of stock as were many of the other paper options in the scrap booking aisle.
Overall: C Has most of the standard Michael's offerings, but more chaotic than other locations in the area.

I was in there today with my daughter who happens to be handicapped and we were purchasing some stickers and a scrap book and I realized we were being followed.
I wasn't sure why then finally as I'm going to check out the Manager Linda comes screaming at my daughter and I saying we needed to put things back that we weren't purchasing.
When everything I was carrying to purchase was right in my hand as I was going to get in line to pay!
Mind you this is in front of customers and mortifying in front of my daughter.
She began to bang on the glass upon my exiting and yelling hysterically.
She was acting so inappropriate it was insane!
Never go here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Terrible terrible place!
This place is a nightmare LINDA THE MANAGER IS A WICKED RED HEADED UGLY EVIL MISERABLE  WOMAN!

