Ohkay, So I was working 3rd shift this day, Went throu the drive throu got a Carmel Machiatto.
These people, over flilled the coffe to where when they handed it to me, and i put the straw in it over flowed onto my work scrubs!
not to mention the coffee was burnt!!
I mean yeah more for your money but not when its all over you and you hav burnt coffee.....
SO....
Taste before you drive off!!
Not to mention, when I went back to get "Fresh" coffee, they were totaly rude about it!

Horrible service: as per previous reviewer, I concur, the girls working on the weekend here were really horrible.
I think they specifically pick them from the Juvie section.
Went here for my morning Joe, always the same   Me: "Short doppio machiato"  (lingo I learnt at other starbucks.
) Girl at counter (GaC): "Wha, Wha can't hear you"  Me: Repeated order GOC: "Wha what can't hear you!!
" ,(after taking off her headphones) "Oh!, a machiato... oh yeah..."  Me: (thinking)Thank heaven for small miracles  On getting my coffee (5 minutes a tad late given I was the second in line) I guess gossiping about their boyfriends was more important.
The coffee was filled to the brim with milk.
Not looking good!!!
Me: Did you put milk in the machiato order?
Girl who made the coffee: Yeah!!
why?
(rudely) Me: well machiato is only supposed to have foam.
Girl: Oh.. (making a deriding face) Me: Um!!
(flabbergasted at the poor service... and I thought Starbucks paid these people higher and trained them rigorously.
) Girl: Why U want me to make it again?
then mimed deridingly  below her breath "Machiato doesnt contain milk"   at this point I was quite sure she would end up spitting in my coffee or do some insidious act.
So had to walk of with my milky unwanted coffee wishing I hadn't paid up front for it.

Love this Starbucks!
It is right off the freeway, and has a drive-thru.
Derek is wonderful!
His sense of humor and fast service is much appreciated!

We happened to be out this way and saw the drive-thru.
I had an iced pumpkin spice latte.
I don't know what they did but it was super strong and tasted bitter.
Being that I was a mile  down the road and about to get on the freeway before I tasted it, I didn't go back.
I drank as much as I could but it just didn't taste right.
And I know my coffee and I especially know my Pumpkin Spice Lattes!
I love those darn things!!
My daughter had a chocolate chip frap and that was fine....maybe the chocolate covered up the bitter taste....but I will think twice before I go back to this Starbucks.

Venti, non fat, light ice, chai, best drink ever!
Love all of the baristas there.

You know what you're going to get when you go to a Starbucks.
This is a clean location, with a drive thru window, and speedy service.
To get to the drive thru you do have to drive around to the back of the building.
For the most part I try to avoid Starbucks for local independent coffee shops.
In a pinch though you know what they have and can get your caffeine fix.

My second coffee for the day...Mocha Coconut Frappuccino.

Went through the drive-thru and Francis took my order and was very nice and carried on a conversation.
Enjoyed my visit.

I love this Starbucks!
Every time I go the service is FAST, coffee is great and I'm out the door!

It helps to know that I give Starbucks in general great reviews because I love it so much.
This starbucks gets 5 stars because the people there are so kind.
I have met a different person every time I've been there, and each person is not only nice but personable.
They seem to genuinely care about the people walking through the door, and that, afterall, is an important part of enjoying your coffee experience, the smile that comes along with the cup.
:) Special feature: Drive through***

Love the employees here.
Everyone is so friendly and helpful.
Definitely love that they have a drive thru!

With a vast majority of Starbucks locations in this world, you pretty much know what you are going to get.
What sets one Starbucks apart from another is the staff, and the staff at this location is top notch.
Always friendly, always in a good mood, and always there to make sure you get your caffeinated beverage ASAP.
Aside from my crack addiction-like need for multiple shots of espresso daily, the friendly faces of these baristas make my morning each and every day.

This Starbucks is always so darn friendly!
Never a bad service!
What can I say?
I'm a repeat customer.
Why?
Well, not only because they're darn friendly!
Also because they offer more than coffee!
Their coffee is great and all, but I really enjoy trying their panini's and refreshers.
Yum!
I am amazed at how consistently happy and courteous the customer service is here.
Is it like this at all Starbucks?
I may never know.
I like it too much here to try anywhere else on purpose.
I've been to other Starbucks and the service varies.
Here, it's awesome all the time!
Not only are their cold green tea Refreshers refreshing, so is the service and atmosphere!

thanks for the great kick off to a nice working morning with the boost i need with a cup of joe to get the morning running!
thanks for waking me up STARBUCKS!!

It's a Starbucks.
It's not an outstanding one, but it doesn't suck.
The baristas smile.
I've never had a screwed up order (but then again, I order tall Americanos.
If you screw that up, you have failed at life.
)  It's the closest to my office.
I can walk there.
(unless it's one of THOSE days that Phoenix is trying to melt my shoes off.
)  They also have a drive thru.

Starbucks is Starbucks, but this is a great location.
Clean, friendly employees, plenty of parking, plenty of seating.
All Starbucks are not created equal.
Some are poorly laid out and staffed, some are very well run.
This is the latter.
And there's a drive thru!
Been thru there many times and never an excessive wait.
Excellent job at this store.

Location, Location, Location.
Great spot to drive-through and grab a coffee on your way to hop on the 60.
Never had a messed up order.
Really friendly employees.

Starbucks....can't live without it

Thank you morning crew for getting my d day started with a smile, quickly....

Service was slow people here seemed very confused on what was going on they have boxes laying around the store it's 3 stars at best

I wish they had an option for NO stars!
My daughter went on 1/4/14 evening to pick up something to drink before getting her fiancé from work.
While there she misplaced her keys.
When she realized it she back tracked and asked workers in Starbucks if anyone had seen them.
There were about 5-6 employees there at the time.
They said no.
She searched the restroom, the store, the outside seating, her car, etc.
She then remembered tossing trash out so she dug through the trash to no luck.
She texts me to bring the spare keys and we drive 15 minutes to the store.
While there we are all trying to trace back the steps in looking through trash, cars, restrooms, etc.
No luck.
An employee that was leaving came up and asked my daughter if the keys had a distinct look, she said yes.
He said oh we found those the restroom and thought they were the stores and put them in the safe.
Really!
At this point my daughter is upset and starting to breakdown, it took them 5 minutes to open the safe and there they were.
Did I mention that my daughter is 9 months pregnant and due in 4 days from this incident.
Yeah, no one at this store offered to help her even though they saw her trying to dig through the trash.
No offers to help look for them, nothing.
And when the keys were returned, no apologies for holding the keys for now an hour.
My daughter was upset for the next hour as she felt this store employees ignored her situation and not 1, not 1 person offered to help.
This is very sad.
Very Disappointed in this stores Employees that worked the evening of 1/4/14.

Coffee has went down.
No big deal anymore.
They used to also have a good sweet selection.
Got a chocolate chip cookie which cost over $2 and it was as thin as a mint, and no bigger than a chip ahoy.
Also got a scone which used to be very good.
Now they come in a plastic wrap, individually wrapped.
That means mass produced and not local anymore.
Tasted like one you get at Fry's.
$10 for this garbage.

Drive thru takes far too long and parking is terrible in the morning.
If you have the time to wait then the staff is very friendly!

Quick and friendly service!
All Starbucks are not the same!
The baristas here are wonderful.
I enjoy starting my morning here and studying here at night.

This is the drive-thru Starbucks closest to my home and conveniently located near the 60.
I always receive friendly warm service here.
Last night I pulled into the line 5 minutes after they closed (I didn't realize this at the time) and someone inside noticed me.
I was served and they didn't even tell me I arrived after closing until I asked what time they closed.
That's my idea of customer service that exceed expectations!

