I am so glad we ended up at this location.
We were going to stay at Knight's Inn but that place was a complete dump!!!
We arrived there in the middle of the night and the front desk attendant was very helpful and set us up with the room quickly, since we didn't have reservations.
Our bed was one of the most comfortable motel beds I've ever slept on and were more that enough pillows for both me and my boyfriend.
The bathroom was very clean and the shower water pressure was awesome.
(We ran out of hot water at the previous place we stayed at -__-) There's a body wash/shampoo/conditioner dispenser in the shower which makes more sense than restocking daily with those small, fun size toiletries.
Over all, this place was cool and it has a pool and hot tub :-)  Definitely staying there again.

Stayed here November 16-19.
Conveniently located off the 60 Fwy.
There's a Shell Gas station with a carwash and mini mart on same property.
Overall hotel and room was very clean, but smelled like cigarette smoke.
Reminded me of a Stateline, Laughlin or Old Vegas hotel room where even though you were in non-smoking, you could still smell the smoke.
Bed was comfy.
Was very cool to see a soap/shampoo/conditioner dispenser inside the shower, which is something I've never seen before but that was totally ingenious and very awesome.
They have continental breakfast here which was also a plus, but the OJ could've been a better brand, and a nice added extra touch would be to have flavored creamers available, but you can't beat the waffles, bananas, yogurt and mini muffins in the morning, which saves you a couple of bucks.
Parking lot was well lit too.
There's a pool and jacuzzi, vending machines, ice machine, a washing machine and dryer you can pay to use, and free Wi-Fi.
My only negative besides the cigarette smoke smell is the fact that there was a little paint peeling/mold in the shower area, BUT, overall, if I have to stay at a hotel when I go back to the Phoenix area, I think I'd come back here.

I yelped before I left Los Angeles so as to know what to expect.
After a long drive from Los Angeles, I was extremely pleased with this location, except you don't have to make a U-turn to enter.
Very nice helpful staff.
Was pleased to see the parking big and bright.
Night time desk was quick and helpful.
Up to our 2nd floor no-smoking room by elevator,  Walking to our room, I was impressed at how clean everything was.Yet it did smell from cigarette smoke.
Just why do these smokers get a floor for no smokers?
Our room was big and clean.
Bathroom was fantastically clean; no scum  or mold anywhere.
No paint peeling.
Shower was awesome.
Didn't use the soap dispenser because the labels were all gone and I couldn't tell what was what.
But then again, who travels without their soaps?
All room amenities worked.
Large screen T.V.,fridge,microwave,coffee maker,all were clean and worked perfectly.
Even had a iron and a board.
Arizona is known to be hot, and it was 110 (June 1st)  but the room A/C worked great.
Bed pillows, for me were too soft...but that's me.
I was hoping for a area with fresh eggs and rolls, Got a room with dispensers of OJ and apple juice, waffle maker, some rolls, cereal and yogurt.
No eggs.
:(   Best part was the check out, Carol is a doll!!!
She is sweet and personable...not the norm for hotels with incense and poor English speaking desk people with bad attitudes from lands that tolerate bad service.
I will have to come back....at least just to say hi to Carol!
The word for this place is CLEAN!

A third party booked this room for me for 3 nights.
When I first walked into the room, I could barely breathe it was so smoky/musky.
I entered further into the room, and there were urine stains on the sheets and carpet!
I told my husband that we would find someplace else to go for the night, because I was legitimately concerned that I might catch an STD or something from being there a minute longer.

