While the hamburgers are delicious here, I can't get enough of the grilled cheese.
A perfect lunch -- when I'm not counting calories -- is a grilled cheese and hashbrowns, my favorite combination at this East Mesa strip mall gem.
And if you have room, be sure to wash it down with a thick Chocolate shake.
Lunch definitely won't set you back.
Everything is extremely cheap and the eats will put you in a food coma for the rest of the afternoon.

Located on the southwest corner of Broadway and Lindsey in Mesa, this little mom and pop diner is the perfect breakfast place.
Its SUPER cheap and quick and the people are always welcoming and friendly.
My favorite is the "giant breakfast" with eggs, hashbrowns and your choice of meat and toast.
I've had lunch here too, the burgers yes, are giant, and delicious.

Great place to eat.
love their chile fries.
i get tired of the large franchise chains and it is nice to eat at local establishment.
if you are ever passing by lindsey and broadway stop in and try it out you wont be dissappointed.

Great breakfast/lunch place.
Just wanted to clarify "super cheap" from other comments.
It's basically $5-8.
Cheap if you're on a work lunch, not necessarily if you're with poor students.
Oh, and bring cash.

Giant Hamburgers.
My friends thought I was joking when I asked if they wanted to meet up here one night.
Nobody could believe there was actually a place called Giant Hamburgers.
The food was pretty good.
The burgers were good, but they weren't anything terribly amazing.
The fries were awesome though, especially the chili cheese fries.
And the tiny bit of chocolate shake I tried was also excellent.
Just remember to bring cash - they don't take credit.
If all else fails, there's a Fry's right next door, so you can go over there and buy a pack of gum to get cash back.

I'm gonna go against the grain here and recommend something on their menu no one seems to say anything about.
The hot dogs.
What's that you say?
Why eat the hot dogs at a place called Giant Hamburger?
Because they use the best all beef dogs around.
I don't know where they get them from, and quite frankly, I don't care because they're big and delicious.
This isn't a shriveled up little wiener you find as a side item at most places, it's a big juicy 1/4 lb dog.
Pair that up with always crispy and tasty fries and you have yourself a meal.
I've also had their hamburgers and they are as delicious as they say they are, but the home style breakfasts are a favorite for us.
Eggs cooked to order, sausage, bacon, or ham, on the side with hash-browns, OJ, toast, and an orange wedge to sweeten the deal.
A friend took me here 6 years ago and I have become a regular ever since.
Oscar knows us by name and is a great guy.
Highly recommended.
It's cash only, and decent price for the amount you get.
We usually get out of there for around $12-14 for the two of us.
This place is built in the old diner style with booths, small tables in the aisles, and a counter lined with barstools.
If you go in the off hours, it's generally easy to find a place to sit, but the place is usually packed during regular breakfast, lunch, and dinner hours.
(Side note: they'll make breakfast anytime of the day you want it.
I know this because my girl had a craving for their french fries and french toast at 8PM one night... yeah.
And she's not even French.
;) )

I make a weekly vist to this place because I feel they have the best breakfast I have ever had.
Very clean and friendly staff.
The extra giant is me standby.
Food is freshly prepared and timely.
Cash only.
You can not miss this place for breakfast.
Give em a try you won't be dissapointed.

Love it!
I work near Giant and it's great to go for lunch.
Ask for santa fe chili's to go with your burgers.
Chocolate shake is good too and the employees are totally friendly.

I love these little diner style places!
I would always rather give my business to a local than a corporation.
I stopped in here last night and grabbed a Fiesta Burger with cheese.
It's a big burger with 2 grilled green chilis!
OMG!
This is not 1st date food!
Burger juice and ketchup dripping off your chin and running down your elbow is not attractive unless you're into the whole 9 1/2 weeks thing....
I didn't order anything else, because I didn't want to have that miserable "Thanksgiving full" feeling, but it all looked great.
They were dropping fries, spinning shakes, and had a variety of tempting pies in the display window.
Great food.
Great price!
Love that you can get breakfast anytime, too!
Oh yeah!
They'll now let you use a debit card for a $.50 fee.
No more worries about not having cash.

Without the help of Yelpers we would have never found this place!
Everything made fresh...and to order.
The burger was great!
Wife's Gardenburger was the best she's had in a very long time.
She got jalapenos and they even had some kick (she thinks they were fresh).
It's a bit of a drive from South Chandler, but worth it.
We will be going back again!
We both agree it is worth the drive out to Lindsey & Broadway for a really good burger that is not from yet another chain!

One of east mesa's hidden gems!
Very small dining area but very large portions and delicious food!
The crew behind the counter is also very friendly.
I just moved here from Boston.
I miss having a family owned diner at every corner.
If you're looking for a local place with that hometown diner feel, and you want good food, friendly service with no pretense, then Giant Hamburgers  is for you.
I had the newest addition to the menu, the breakfast burrito.
Very tasty!
I also liked how many choices I had for the ingredients in the burrito.

ok, so I tried this place out based on other reviews.
I had the cheeseburger with everything, some fries, and a chocolate shake.
The burger was okay, but I have had far better burgers, I did enjoy my fries, and my chocolate shake was not what was expected, but it was good.
The staff there was very friendly, and their pie selection looked delicious.
I will go again, I would like to give their hot dogs and pie a try.

This place is delicious.
Just as the other reviews say, the hamburgers are fresh and big ( I might even say GIANT ).
The chili fries are just yummy, I made a meal just from them.
My hubby gets the cheeseburger with jalapenos and loves it.
I am having a hard time getting him to try anything else.
I am looking forward to trying thier breakfasts.
And just to make everyone knows where it is at, it is actually facing Lindsey Rd, with the cross street of Broadway.
Just behind the Fry's market.

Hamburgers, sandwiches, breakfast food, pie, how could you go wrong?
I admit their burgers aren't the best I've had but  they are good and I'd get them again.
I do have to admit that I lived in southern California for a long time, where burger spots like this were ALL over the place, and many of them were very good so it's probably an unfair comparison.
What I especially love are their breakfasts.
You can get breakfast for so cheap it's ridiculous, between $5-$9 to stuff yourself silly and everything tastes very good.
The employees are so friendly.
Service is quick, it's seat yourself and order at the counter.
I'm really glad this place exists.

Giant Hamburgers makes me nostalgic for small diners in NY.
The food is good and the people are super nice.
I ordered the single breakfast with burger meat which was decent.
Food isn't greasy like Waffle House which was nice.
I did have the pleasure of having a bite of the cheeseburger - it was quite tasty.
Overall I'd say that the food is decent borderline good.

thanks fellow yelpers we went to breakfast this morning good food resonable prices i will have to try there burgers before i can give this place a higher rating

When you're poor and you need a lot of cheap food, here's where you go.
I have not yet tried the burgers, this is my go-to place when I am in the mood for breakfast at 8pm.
We get the triple breakfast with pancakes and chorizo and it stuffs all three of us silly and there is plenty for breakfast the next morning.
How can you go wrong feeding three people for $11?
It's fresh and really wonderful.
Way better than IHOP or denny's or whateverthehellelse you go.
I will steer more business in their directions ASAP.
Amazing.

I love this place, and if you went there, you would love it too.
One of the (many) things I miss about Southern California are the (usually)Charbroiled Burger spots that blanket the entire area from Ventura down to San Diego:  Legends like the o.g.
Astro Burger, Galaxy Burger, Douglas Burger, Tam's, etc.
These burger joints served awesome burgers, great grilled sandwiches (Patty Melts, anybody?
), and almost always, a great, greasy breakfast on the cheap.
Oh, and they made their food proper.... American Cheese on all burgers and sandwiches, thousand island on the burgers, no up charge for grilled onions, yadda-yadda-yadda, you get the point.
Sadly, AZ seriously lacks in these types of establishments.
Enter Giant Hamburgers.
While their burgers aren't charbroiled, they're wonderful.
Their Grilled Ham and Cheese is out of this world (just remember to order it "plain" with only the ham and cheese on buttery, grilled sourdough...
YUM!).
Try an open-faced chili burger, or maybe even a gardenburger, if you like retarded shit.
Their Chili-Cheese fries are a real treat, especially since they melt a few slices of American Cheese on top instead of that bullshit cheddar some places use.
Thirsty for something sweet?
Try a hand-made, uber thick shake.
Still hungry after all that?
Have a jumbo slice of homemade pie.
Wait!
What if it's 9am and your stomach's not ready for Chili Cheese Fries?
No problem, their breakfasts will surely satisfy any cravings you might have.
Sold as a Single, Double, or Triple, their egg combos come with eggs, hash browns, toast, and your choice of chorizo, ham, sausage, hamburger patty, bacon, or steak for an additional charge.
Don't want eggs?
No problem, they've got pancakes and the best looking biscuit and gravy plate I've seen in years.
You order at the counter and they bring the food out to you as you're chillin' in 50's-style booths enjoying the music and ambiance of an old school diner.
The place is always busy and the staff is always very friendly, but not in an overly friendly, obnoxious way.
A Triple breakfast plate will set you back about $8 with tax.
Burger, fries, and a drink will get you for about the same.
They are more than willing to substitute or customize your order however you want it, usually at no charge.
You will enjoy this place, trust me.

This place is great.
The owner Doug is the best very friendly people.
and the food is AAAA+++++

This place really doesn't look like much from the street.
It's situated in a strip mall with other nondescript stores around it and a plain blue sign that says simply GIANT HAMBURGERS.
But after reading the reviews on here I knew we had to give it a try.
So far we have only been there once but it was delicious.
I know I want to go back just given how yummy the pies looked alone.
I enjoyed my burger and the plate of chili fries my husband got were enough to satisfy us both and then some - we couldn't finish it.
I'm happy this place is so close by for us to go and give their other options (including breakfast) a try sometime.
When I went I paid with a debit card and accidentally did the math wrong on the total plus tip.
A really nice man (I'd assume he was the owner) came over to figure out what I'd meant to put down and hew was so nice!
Definitely great service here.

I've visited Giant Hamburgers twice in the past month.
Both times I've had a fantastic, tasty, juicy cheeseburger with the works and add two green chilies on top of it all.
The fries are the best I've had since moving to the Phoenix metro area.
Move beyond the strip mall appearance and have a great eating experience.

I was so excited to go here after reading all the reviews, but afterwards wondered if I really had the right place or if it was an off day last Sunday.
My experience was very different.
We went for a late breakfast.
It's best if I summarize my plate.
The eggs that I ordered over hard had broken and it was hard to even see the yolks, mixed in as they were.
The hamburger patty was the driest, least appetizing I've ever had and even the pancakes were heavy, flat without any taste or salt.
I thought it would be hard to mess up these basics but you learn something new every day.
The service was nothing exceptional.
I thought the place would have some charm, but there was nothing - just an ordinary diner.
It's actually kind of sad when you enjoy the toast with jam more than anything else.
Never again.
It may be cheap but IMO it's misplaced economics to pay anything for something so disappointing.

Fantastic Cheeseburger!
I stopped in this little unassuming diner in a strip mall in Mesa yesterday with a few coworkers.
The place is tiny and we were lucky to grab one of the few booths they have.
You place your order at the counter and then your food is delivered to your table.
I had the cheeseburger and my coworker had the hamburger with fries.
(We had to order what the place is named for.
)  It took a few minuets to get the food, but you can watch them cook it while you're waiting.
The cheeseburger was divine.
It had two slices of American cheese and any toppings you want.
The bun was nice and soft and the veggies were fresh.
I tried some of the fries and they were really good, nice and crispy.
I am in this part of town every Sunday and I will be making this a regular lunch spot for sure!
They also serve breakfast around the clock if you are in the mood for that...
If you plan on using a credit or debit card they will charge a $0.50 fee.
Cash is the way to go here.

The burgers are GIANT and really good!
Love the service with a smile !
They also serve breakfast all day, which is a plus in my book...next time I stop there, I am having breakfast for lunch:-)

Heard about this from the girl who read it in the east valley trib so wanted to try it out.
Now it's pretty hard to screw up a hamburger but this place is above average in terms of a good burger.
Everything is very fresh and I like the ample cheese applied w/o my asking - just a good 'ol American burger.
Staff very nice... interior very old school deco... kind of a dive but not dirty at all and wasn't an issue at all for us.
I've also heard rave reviews of their breakfasts so I'm going to make another trip back.

SOOO GOOD!
Their grilled cheese is the best!
- on sourdough bread.
The workers are super nice too.
and their milkshakes are delish !

I liked this place... because it's a local owned place with delicious greasy food.
This place was written up in the East Valley Trib in one of their "5 to try" pieces, which is where I first heard about it.
But, I actually think it's funnier that I have been in "Hall of Fame", a store located direclty next door several times and never given Giant Hamburgers a second glance.
You walk into this place, past a grouping of tables and booths (only about 15 tables in the entire place)  to the cash register where you order your meal.
We each got a burger and fries and they were both great, a real gut-bomb, but sometimes you're in the mood for something that fits just that description.
We sat and ate, and they came to bus our table for us.
On the way out, we noticed the "Yelp" sticker on the door.
Bonus points.

I had driven past Giant Hamburgers for years until one day my dad suggested we try it out.
And I'm SO glad we did.
It's become our go-to hamburger place.
You can order your burger however you like it (bacon, cheese and mayo for me)... and their fries are some of the best in town.
Nice and crispy!
And like other people have mentioned, the grilled cheese is quite excellent as well.
I don't know if I'd call the hamburgers "giant"... but I've NEVER left this restaurant hungry.
Ever.
And I make sure I always come in with a hearty appetite.
Never had breakfast or pie here... but they have both.
Maybe next time I'll try out some pie.

We went for hamburgers at lunch time on a Sunday.
The place was packed.
Every seat taken.
You order at the counter and then find a table and it is a small place.
We sat at the counter with the kids and watched the food being prepared as we waited.
1/2 the people there were eating breakfast and it looked GOOD.
The sausage gravy poured all over hashbrowns looked so appealing to me.
Talk about a hangover breakfast!!
My veggie burger with american cheese, 2 kinds of mild chili peppers, sauteed mushrooms and all the fixings was fabulous.
All except the mushrooms which were canned.
Yuck!
I won't order mushrooms there again.
Everyone else had regular cheeseburgers and were satisfied.
The french fries were so good.
We did not order milk shakes but will have to next time as they looks fantastic.
The price is very reasonable.
Try it!

So, here's the deal... and I kind of feel bad for only two stars... We went here for breakfast.
And the breakfast was okay.
It was... well... average.
I'm no cook- I'm a career girl.
But my breakfasts made at home KILL over what we got.
I was expecting breakfasty fireworks and culinary glory after a week of dieting and restraint.
It was a rare Sunday morning alone with my husband... no kids for a few glorious hours... and we decided to monumentally Have Breakfast.
I, of course, consulted my fellow Yelpers, who are generally the smartest, best, and brightest in the world... and having been to Giant Hamburgers for,well, a Giant Hamburger,years previously (which was FREAKING AMAZING) I thought that I could not go wrong in suggesting this place to my husband.
Many Yelpers highly recommended G.H.
for breakfast so HOW could we go wrong?
And off we went.
Between the two of us, we were able to sample a fair range of food.
Okay, so the toast was just cheap bread (think 2 loaves for $1 at a bread outlet... it shreds apart when you look at it sideways) the eggs were very plain and bland... bacon was okayyyyy (and I love bacon with an unholy passion so it's rare that bacon doesn't blow my skirt up) but just cheap, thin cuts, not particularly underdone but not the usual glory that bacon is.
I will say that I did somewhat enjoy the biscuits and gravy, but I would swear to you on any religious book that the biscuits were pre-packaged generic, not fresh/hand-made.
The staff there is truly nice, and I like the personal service.
Saying hello.
Eye contact.
Genuine niceness.
This was consistent with my experience there a few years back, and it hasn't changed.
This kind of services is worth BUCKETS of cred in my book.
What I *SEVERELY DISLIKED* was being the only english-speaking people in the restaurant for the last 15 minutes of our stay.
At one point, all the staff were speaking spanish, and after one older couple left, all of the diners were speaking spanish, and it was as though we had been transported to someplace nestled deep inside the manky heart of Guadalupe.
But without great food.
It was uncomfortable enough that we finished up, left some food behind, and bailed a little quicker than we probably would have.
So, although I am a big fan of the Giant Hamburgers at Giant Hamburger...
I just didn't feel all the breakfasty love that other reviewers did.

this place is a family favorite from breakfast to there jalepeno burger for lunch.this place is the best fast for in town the price is a bit high but im sure the price we pay is to cover that high rent he has to pay but well worth it

I just had the pleasure of eating here today.
The burger and fries were tasty and the chocolate and strawberry shakes were great.
The two guys working there were super polite and very thankful to us for coming by for lunch.
They personally walked each patron to the door as they left thanking them each along the way.
That's what I look for in a restaurant, friendly staff and good food, they have both.

I love this kind of place.
Unassuming, local greasy spoon-style diner.
The staff was as friendly as could be.
It was a Sunday, people were chatting.
We ordered at the counter, got out glasses filled up with soda and took a seat.
The wait was longer than most fast foodies are used to, but to me, it was expected and welcome, fresh diner food made to order takes a tad longer than a microwave.
The Bride and I both had a Giant cheeseburger w fries.
Granddaughter has hot dog and grandsaon a burger.
(the kids being 5 and 12 were the ones who were used to fast food times)  When brought to the table, the burger as shown in yelpers photo's... nothing magical, and certainly by todays indulgent standards FAR from "giant" but a solid diner burger.
Fresh fries, nice hot, and crispy.
Hot dog, was a standard hot dog on a fresh bun.
So hey buddy... whats up with two stars?
The burger was as dry as could be!
I couldn't understand it, fresh meat, not sitting out under a lamp to become shoe leather... (I've seen some sins done to meat in diners let me tell ya!
)  Then I saw that when cooking the patty, the cook puts one of those bacon weights on it and leaves it there.
I could see the fat being squeezed out of it.
Like greasy tears.
Perhaps the breakfast is good, I don't know, seems like the sort of place it would be OK.
But I just cant give more than two stars,,,  I wanted to like it more, but frankly, a dry patty is a deal breaker to me.

We'd wanted to try this place for a while.
We went there for lunch and had a cheeseburger, fries, and coke.
Everything is ala carte which makes it a little pricy (came to nearly $9).
The burgers are OK, not bad, but not as big or as fantastic as I'd hoped.
The fries were really good though...extra crispy.
The atmosphere is really relaxed and friendly.
We had our 9 month old and there weren't any high chairs that we could see, so it made it hard for us to eat (one had to hold her the whole time).
Overall it was a nice place but not as great as I'd expected.
We will try it for breakfast though sometime because the ratings on that seem to be pretty good.

Nothing to love more than a juicy perfectly made and classic burger.
This little hole in the wall tucked in east Mesa is a great place for a damn good burger and spend less than $10.
The breakfast, that's by the way served all day is also a must have item.
If you're in the neighborhood dojt hesitate to try this place you will leave a happy person after you eat there!

I have been to Giant many times and every time I try something different.
Each and every time the food is great and the staff is very friendly always saying hi to everyone who walks through the door.
So I wanted to say thank you to Doug and his staff for the great service and food I get every time I visit.
Alan

Oscar is my boy!

Om-nom-nom!
I absolutely love this place.
Super friendly staff, delicious food, great atmosphere.
My friend and I always come here.
Breakfast- we order the double and a cheese omlet with pancakes.
It's fresh and you get a little orange slice on each plate.
Lunch- cheeseburgers.
it's a little messy but that's fine!
The bun is fresh and the burger tastes great.
The french fries are great too.
Dessert- the pies.
ommmmm.......(excuse my drooling)...
The cherry is fantastic, but the coconut cream pie is superb!
Always fresh and delicious.
I'm seriously about to go get some right now byeeeee!

I have been a lucky patron to Giant Hamburger for nearly 10 years.
It doesn't get any better.
I have experimented with other burgers but they always dissapoint after experiencing this place.
Probably the biggest competition for them right now is Five Guys.
Five Guys is good.
No doubt about that but Giant Hamburger easily beats them.
Also, Giant Hamburger has delicious, flavorful and crispy fries that shadow most competitors.
I recommend getting a green chili on your burger.
Just a thought.
It isn't on the menu but they are happy to accomodate.
Speaking of accomodations.
This isn't the most fancy place.
It has 4 walls, about 10 booths but fancy is not the intent.
This is a burger joint.
The employees hardly ever turn-over.
If ever.
So they are all experienced and have great attitudes.
Writing this made me hungry for another Giant Hamburger.
I can't wait to go again!

The food was yummy!
However, the burgers aren't "Giant", unfortunately.
The service was great, there was a bit of a wait for the food, but they make it fresh.
The fries were crisp and their chili cheese fries were yummy!
We ordered green chili on our burger and it was disappointing, however being a New Mexican, they didn't have a fair shot.
All in all we will return!

Nostalgic and family oriented, I love calling ahead for pick up too.

I found this place on Yelp & I'm glad I did.
We are always looking for somewhere new to get a good hamburger.
All 5 in my family really liked this place, the food & the service.
It's cute that the staff wear ties to make our burgers.
We had 3 cheeseburgers, 2 hot dogs, chili fries, french fries & a grilled chx sandwich.
Portions were pretty big.
The fries are super crispy.
I appreciate that they sell small (1/6) of a pie slice & large (1/4) of a pie slice.
We'll be back

Friendliest staff ever!
Best burgers and breakfast in AZ.
yeah I know that's a bold statement!!!!!!

Been here a couple times now both times the burgers were great.
You get tired of the typical fast food burgers.. reminds me a little of lennys downtown just smaller.
the pies there look fantasic but have yet to try them.

Absolutely, positively the best burgers I have ever had.
The meat is unbelievable, the buns are toasted to perfection, the french fries are delicious and the milk shakes are above average.
The only thing better than the food is the staff, Felipe and the rest go out of their way to make sure you feel appreciated.
Also, do not miss the Pie, we usually find ourselves taking home a full pie at the end of the meal.
Cannot recommend this place enough.

looking for a good hamburger place and came across with this place .
Right when i walked in a nice guy greet us and guide us to the menu selection  .
me and my wofe got the cheesburger plus sauteed onions and mushrooms  and some fries  ohhh my gosh what a delicious and fresh hamburger everything cut and make to the order  definetly will be back !!!

Great burgers, nice old school diner atmosphere.
Will definitely be back

They offer an awesome menu with good breakfasts and just like the name GIANT HAMBURGERS that are delicious.
Love coming here.

This place is a 5 star diner because the food is what it is supposed to be, yummy comfort food, the service is far friendlier than expected and the prices are affordable.
The burger was too big for me to finish, once again living up to it's expectations and the crispy fries satisfied my craving.
I didn't get to try a shake or the pies, but I will be going back.
I loved the divey diner decor and staff uniforms, and the place was very clean.
Great place to bring the family for an all american burger and fries.

Let me start by saying that the folks working here are some of the most attentive and friendly people you will come across in Arizona.
Also, the milkshakes here are dynamite, but as the name of this restaurant suggests, it's all about the burgers.
This is where the experience was quite...normal.
The burger was cooked properly but had little flavor.
I ordered a Giant Cheeseburger with bacon, grilled onions, and grilled green chiles.
The bun broke apart as it absorbed all the moisture from the condiments of the sandwich.
The bacon was pretty good, but the chiles and onions were not quite grilled correctly which was disappointing.
I also ordered fries and these were average as well.
Despite this, the customer service here is so awesome that you just CAN'T have a bad experience.
This place is certainly worth trying.

I just love this 'lil burger joint.
My diet doesn't allow me such greasy-goodies so I only go maybe twice a year...bu I always look forward to it.
My wife and kid were away and I happened to be driving by so I popped in for a double burger.
Their burgers are fantastic (my wife likes the home made pies) Anyhow, sat at the counter and had great conversation with the counter cooks...great guys; great friendly service.
I asked why the burgers were so good asking if was the seasoned grill and he said the key was they use fresh unfrozen meat and just salt and pepper.
Simplicity that tastes it's finest.

remember the burgers you dream about when you are starving for one, they live at Giant Burger.
These are real burgers, not the kind the bun hides, not the kind you go in and out for, you dream about these.
Now make your dreams come true!!!
Go there and eat, repeat burger, burger, burger...burp...burger...must finish.

I stopped by here with my Mother in Law while on this side of town helping her run some errands.
She asked for lunch and I looked at my Yelp app.
Giant Hamburgers had good reviews and a cool name.
I wasn't disappointed.
She had a hamburger and I had a cheeseburger.
We both had fries and a drink.
Our hamburgers were both fresh and piled with generous amounts of fresh tomato, onion, and crisp lettuce.
The were very good and not at all greasy.
The piles of tomato, lettuce, and onion reminded me of a country diner in the mid-west.
The place was busy but the service was quick.
Many of the customers appeared to be regulars as the owner/lead greeted them by name.
The folks behind the counter wore white shirts and ties and the whole place was very clean.
Giant Hamburgers feels inside like a diner and the owner/lead was very attentive.
When we sat at a table that had not been wiped (they were busy at lunch time) he came out from behind the counter between orders, noted our table had not been wiped, and wiped it down for us.
While we were there he took orders, delivered food, bussed tables, and wiped tables.
The burgers may not have been creative but the ingredients were fresh and the food was good.
Burgers came with catsup, mustard, mayo, onion, lettuce, and tomato.
You could add bacon or peppers (we didn't) and the cheese was american cheese.
The fries had some sort of breading that was not my favorite, but my mother in law really enjoyed.
To be honest, the burger was so big that next time I'd skip the fries regardless.
Giant Hamburgers stood out for fresh food, generous portions, and an awesome staff.

Yum.
Just plain yummy.
Love the old 50's atmosphere.
White shirt and ties, reminds me of an old dime store restaurant .
Crispy fries, great burger.
Toasted bun, just plain good.

LOVE GIANT HAMBURGERS!!!
You get a giant hamburger, diner style...you can get it without the bun (they call it the diet plate) if you are trying to limit your simple carbs.
The staff is friendly and fast.
And you can get your burger rare if you like!!
Can't wait to go back!

Great food, great service!

AMAZING!!!
very small place but great family atmosphere and the food is sooooooooo good!!!!

Love this place for a morning breakfast trip.
I always get the double plate.
as well biscuits and gravy like grandma use to make.

Simple, yet amazing burgers.
Unpretentious and thoroughly bullshit-free.
If you want one of the best burgers you'll ever have the privilege - yes, privilege - of eating, Giant Hamburgers is the place to make that happen.
Can't wait to go back and try a shake!

I swung by this place for the fist time Saturday night.
Had never heard of it but wanted something quick and tasty on my way to the park.
I don't live in the same neighborhood so I'd really never seen or heard of it ever before.
I rolled in there, had them make me a pastrami, swiss, Jalape単o burger and it was to die for!
My girl got some pie as well that was good.
I'll be back for sure and I wish it was closer to my house.

After becoming something of a "regular" here, I feel my first review was a bit disingenuous.
Put simply, this is my absolute favorite place to get a burger, ever.
The entire staff is amazingly friendly, Oscar especially so (so much so I only really like going when he's on shift).
Everything is made fresh, so it takes a bit of time, but the wait is well worth it.
The fries are crispy and always come hot, and the burger is juicy and piled high with premium quality veggies.
They use two slices of cheese, so everything comes out nice and gooey.
I have trouble finishing even their single patty and fries.
They serve breakfast here as well, though nothing about the breakfast really stands out.
Honestly, the cheeseburgers are where it's at, and you shouldn't bother with anything else (expect for maybe their homemade pies, which I'm always too full to try)!
My only complaint would be that the place is smallish, and pretty much always busy because so many people love this place.
The bathroom is in the back of the building, and you have to walk through the kitchen storage to get there.
The tables will fill up quickly as well, leading you to sometimes have to squeeze past other diners.
I have absolutely never had a bad experience here and don't suspect I ever will.

Amazing hamburgers & exceptional service.

Great little place.
The hamburgers are Juicy, the fries are crisp.
the shakes are made with real ice cream and are huge portions.
The staff is super friendly and easy to talk to.
The make the food right there behind the counter where you can see.
Sadly i have not tried anything but the Hamburgers here cause they are so good.
I am surprised this place has not moved to a bigger location.
I deserves was more attention then it gets.

Outstanding.
Classic.
Simple.
Excellent ingredients.
Like being transported back to the 70's.
Must try if you enjoy the real deal cheeseburger.
No hipsters allowed.

We went to Giant Hamburgers last night for a burger fix.
This was our first time, but will not be the last.
I had the cheeseburger with jalepenos and it was very good.
The fries were excellent and I would go there just for an order of these.
I topped it off with the chocolate shake, and although this to was quite yummy, I couldn't do it justice as the burger and fries filled me up.
My husband was very happy to finish it for me.
He had the cheeseburger with bacon, fries and the strawberry shake.
His comment was " I will be back" so I assume he was very satisfied with everything.
Just a comment on the shakes, they are so thick you can do the blizzard upside down trick, and they will pass as my husband had to test it out.
If your hungry for a burger fix, this is a place to have on your short list...

Started coming here when we first moved to Arizona almost 3 years ago.
It was just a small place we stumbled upon, but it did not disappoint.
We still wander in here on occasion when we're craving a good breakfast.
Oscar is always polite and happy to see us.
The customer service is one thing that will keep us coming.
Good food, awesome service, classic diner-feel.

Classic diner atmosphere and food.
Perfect meal for nostalgia.
High quality beef and melt in your mouth taste.
Great shake- one of the best I have ever had.
Makes you feel like your back in the 70's.
They have a good hamburger just not spectacular .

I came here with high hopes after reading the many good reviews.
what I found was good local hole in the wall that is somewhat over rated.
my burger was very dry - as the cook pressed down on the patties I kept screaming in my head PLEASE STOP!
The fries were very meh.
They were crunchy but had no character.
The best thing was that the ingredients were fresh.
While the patties were preformed they were not frozen.
They used plent of bacon so there was a piece in every bite.
The lettuce was green and crisp and overall it was a decent lunch, but over priced for what I got.
I probably won't make another trip back but if I lived nearby I would return rather than hit a fast food burger.

First off, I can't believe I lived in Mesa for 5 years and I just stumbled into this place now.
So glad I did!
Giant Hamburgers is better than any fast food or casual dining restaurant i.e.
Chilli's, Applebee's, etc.
The place is tiny with maybe seats to accomdate 30 or so people.
It has the old school charm of a diner malt machine and all.
Since it's locally owned it's staff is small, but friendly and attentive.
Oscar owns that flattop grill like nobody else.
The patties are juicy and cooked perfectly.
I always get the sauteed onion and mushroom, swiss (sometimes bacon) added to my burger.
So yum!
My only complaint, which really isn't one, is the fact the burger and toppings are oozing with flavor that the bun, although buttered and grilled, gets soggy as you get halfway through eating.
Nonetheless, it's perfection, but definitely not for the healthy eater.
Their fries are so flavorful and crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.
I have yet to try anything else, but I'm sure they make everything great.
They even make pies for dessert!
Obviously, I highly recommend.

So totally drove by this place everyday and thought to myself huh??.....
I wonder how good their food is?
Well let me tell you something.
BOMB!
My wife had a cheese burger with mushrooms, jalape単os, and grilled onions She loved hers.
As for me I had a cheese burger with jalape単os, green chilies, and grilled onions and Mann it was so good!
I even scraped the cheese paper to get the cheese.
Everything on the burgers just tasted so fresh, even though we had showed up right before closing.
The fries are perfectly crisp and the service was amazing and super friendly.
My wife and I will most definitely come back .

I love this place!
The employees are super friendly.
I am not a good cook and neither is my wife so we are always craving home style food.
This place has it.
The prices are fair and the food is defiantly worth the price.

Mouthgasm!
Lol fresh ingredients,juicy meat,great fries!
I added bacon, mushroom and grilled onions.
So good.
I forgot his name but older mex guy at counter shook my hand and was funny.
I might go back Tomm...and next day after lol

So big and filling.
A great place for a great burger.

Delicious burgers, great service, what else can you ask for???
Prices are fair, it's located on the corner of broadway and Lindsay tucked away in between a subway and a massage parlor.
Thought I already reviewed this place before but here it goes...
I ordered a double cheeseburger w/ onions, jalape単os and bacon.
Delish!
Everything worked together in a symphony of flavor.
The meat to bun ratio was perfect, and the fries were crisp and fresh.
My daughters got a hotdog each and both finished theirs in record time!
Hubby got a plain double cheeseburger and he loves the charbroiled flavor.
We called in our order and it was ready in 10 mins and no mistakes on our order.
Thumbs up!

Ordered the burger, fries and a large drink.
Was about $10.00 per person.
Pleasantly filling large portions.
The fries looked like Arby's fries.
But they are extra large normal tasting fries.
Very good tasting food.
Might have to try chili or their steak for $5.10 next time.
Yummmmmmmm.

Excellent service and delicious food, I'm glad I tried this place today.
OPEN FOR BREAKFAST with a proper breakfast menu.

This place is delicious!
It's simple breakfast food at a reasonable price!
Just went and got the double that I shared with my son because it's a lot if food and my husband ordered the triple!
Triple everything, eggs, meat, potatoes!
Our whole meal with two coffees was $19.60!
You can't beat that!
We have never had lunch but I'm Sure it's tasty as well!!!
There is one worker that has been there for years (I assume he's the manager) and he is super friendly and always accommodating!
The service is superior and the place is clean and very friendly!
Go now what are you waiting for!

I'm still full of this delicious old school edible greatness!
An amazing staff with just enough snark to make it worth your while.
Delicious burgers and shakes...the breakfast looks great as well (we ARE GOING BACK).
Oh yea one more thing- APPLE PIE.

Absolutely delicious food!
I ordered the pastrami sandwich, and my husband and daughter ordered cheeseburgers with fries.
Like some of the other reviewers, they hamburgers were not huge but they were much bigger than what you'd get elsewhere.
In fact, with fries, my daughter and husband could not finish both their burgers and fries.
The only (almost) annoying thing was that I had asked for extra salt and the guy taking my order recommended that we add salt from the table cause he puts plenty of salt.
Well, he was right.
There was already plenty of salt, but I kind of think he should have just added extra salt.
Then I would have ended up with fries too salty, but the customer is always right, right?
lol  Pastrami was delicious.
I was not able to finish it.
Sadly, I was too full to try a piece of pie which a lady at the next table ranted and raved about.
The slices were modestly priced too!
I will definitely head back.
I am trying to avoid fast food, and this place is a good substitute with fresh ingredients and reasonable prices.

My Wife and I have been going here for years.
We love everything they make.
You have to try the pies.
Not to mention the burgers and breakfast are always good all day long.

Great PIE - I know it's a hamburger place - granted their burgers are awesome, but the pie is AMAZING!
:) Grilled cheese is great... just like home.
Good old fashion diner.

I think it went well.
The only black mark I would give would be on the time we waited (but this isn't McDonald's so there's lots if forgiveness).
My hubs ordered the triple and I the double, no wonder the lady looked at us like we had two heads when we ordered fries.
She should be thankful we didn't order that extra burger.. Our mistake, we ordered enough food to feed a small African village and could come close to actually finishing it.. Next time I'll take the hint..  Good value and good quality, I like the diner feel but it's a bit loud for my flavor, especially when the suspected "lady of the night" in the booth behind us was dropping f* bombs like it was her business, maybe it is, I don't judge..I love the occasionally colorful verb just like anyone else, just not at breakfast on a Sunday..

We had a good time at Giant Hamburgers on national hamburger day!
I got the cheeseburger with grilled onions (free) and mushrooms ($.80).
It was suuuuper greasy!
Almost too greasy for me.
But it was delicious!
The fries were decent and the atmosphere was meh.
I don't know if I would return just because of how greasy the burger was, but if you enjoy that then definitely give this place a try!

Picked up a buddy, he recommended Giant Hamburgers, we stopped in, ate, went out, I dropped him off and went back to Giant.
It's that good.

Well, my wife had a hair in her shake sooo that is disgusting.
Burgers were about a 3/5 and the fries were good and crisp.
They gave us 3 bucks back for the shake and apologized.
Overall it was too expensive, almost $30 and we could have went to Red Robin for that much.
We were dissatisfied with our experience and won't be returning :/

Simple and Perfect.
If your looking for a good burger like you use to have at cook outs or at home this is the spot.
Pure beef, nice and tasty and simple.
No fancy pants addons or spreads.
My cheese burger with bacon, jalapenos, tomatoes and onions was perfect.
Just what I wanted.
Top it off with some very crispy and delicious fries and a REAL Strawberry shake and I was in heaven.
We took home large slices or Lemon Meringue and Coconut Creme pies.
Very good, though to be honest I only ate a few bits because I was still full 5 hours later.
You can't go wrong ordering anything here.

Perfect burgers.
Probably the best cheeseburger I've had in years.
My boyfriend had the chili burger and loved it.
The shakes are made with real ice cream and are fantastic.
We will definitely return!

Quite simply...amazing!
Granted, one might pass by this place without noticing, nothing fancy, but don't let that deceive you.
First and foremost, service - it was awesome.
I really wish I would have caught her name, but she was super friendly and helpful on our first visit.
I got the burger with Pastrami on it - yes, far from healthy, but worth every calorie!
My wife got one with a fried egg on top.
And we split the Strawberry Shake (YUM!
)  I can easily say this was one of the best burgers I have had in the area.
We will definitely be back!

Came across this place because I was looking for a place with eggs and some hash browns.This place does not disappoint.
I ordered a double and it has 2 eggs and hash browns with a choice of meat.
Not bad with coffee it was less than 10.00.
Service is great which I like.
They are very attentive.
Decor is outdated but who cares the food is good and worth the price and you get good service.
Keep up the great work.
Next time in out this way again I need to stop by and try their burgers.

Wow!
This place is awesome!!
I have lived in the area for 15 years and this is the first time I've been here.
I have been missing out!!
The staff is so nice and helpful.
Its like traveling back in time to a fifties style diner to eat there and I love it!
We will definitely be going back.
I have every intention of tasting all their pies!

The woman who helped us out was extremely nice.
It was a great experience as soon as we walked in the door.
She did a great job of explaining what they had and how it works.
I love the fact that all of the meat is local, pies made in house , and the potatoes are true Idaho spuds.
The fries are delicious, the pies are incredible and the burgers; oh the burgers.
They are incredible.
Jammed packed of flavor and the perfect ratio of sauces and toppings.
Bacon, cheese, egg, lettuce, onion, mayo, and mustard.
Exactly what should be put on a burger.
Sheer perfection.
Tl:dr - Loved it, will eat again.

Very good burger & fries.
The meat is brought in fresh everyday, so I was told.
Lady behind the counter sold me on a piece of peach pie.
She said the fruit pies are made fresh daily.
This place reminds me of an old school diner from back in the day.
Think I will try the hash browns next visit.
They looked really good and crisp.

