WAIT!
STOP!
Do NOT go here for the Pizza!
Will it kill you?
I think your life is more at risk by walking through the parking lot during the snowbird season.
The pizza is passable, but you do not go to Organ stop for the pizza.
To enjoy Organ Stop, you must be a music lover.
I mean the band geek variety.
I was lucky enough to get my father here before he passed away, and every time I go since I reminisce in his enjoyment, in my parents enjoyment of a wide variety of music.
For the uninitiated, the location at 1149 East Southern Avenue in Mesa is built to house a Wurlitzer Organ (OK Mike, try, try to avoid the huge organ jokes) with over 6,000 pipes.
Additionally, percussive and horn instruments are tied to the instrument, not to mention the dancing cats, singing birds, disco ball and bubble machines.
Keep in mind, one person operates this thing.
I know they do have the ability to sample and replay the different overlays, but it's still very impressive stuff.
I've seen three or four musicians in my many visits, my personal favorite in Charlie Balough.
The crowd varies between kiddie and senior, and can be especially senior during snowbird season.
After it warms up a bit, it's much easier to get in, sit down, eat mediocre pizza and drink a pitcher of beer while you list to an artist play a wide assortment of musical selections.
I've been there many, many times, and it's a consistent experience.
Enjoy yourself and teach your kids to appreciate music.

It is true that the pizza isn't any good.
the music is fun and the kids have a blast.
i never go during snowbird season.
i have found that the organ guy keeps playing the same tunes over and over again.
i think i went one time during disney week, cause that is all we heard.
i request Boston's Walk On everytime and can't get them to play it, but the mission impossible theme song is always a cool his.

We used to have a place like this in Daly City, CA called Pizza and Pipes, but it's no longer around.
I went there when I was a kid, and it was nice to find a place like this while I was visiting my fiancee in Arizona.
Places like this are well-known for having great organ and not-so-good pizza.
However, I found the pizza here absolutely delicious, with just the right balance of sauce, cheese, and topping.
The BIG draw here is the organ, and I was really blown away by how entertaining it was.
The organist was a great performer, and it seems as if the entire room of the restaurant was part of the instrument he conducted from the rotating keyboard on the floor.
There were flags, dancing birds, purcussion, bells, and lots to look at in the two-level restaurant.
On the night we went, it was absolutely packed and everybody was having a great time (including me).
People were clapping and singing along.
This place is definitely worth repeat visits.

Organ Stop is like a trip down memory lane.
Our family used to go a very looooong time ago, in the early 80's, when they were located in far West Mesa.
As a child I  can remember this giant organ bursting out of the ground like magic.
As it towered over the audience, complete with lights and sounds I was mesmerized by its beauty.
It's a childhood memory that is seared into my brain.
I'm sure many of the children that go will find it truly magical.
The food is not what you go for, it is the entertainment and novelty of seeing this incredible organ being played, and the experience of enjoying something that you won't find many other places.
*****PLEASE NOTE****** They DO NOT accept credit cards!!!
Cash or check only.
There is an ATM on site if you forget this.

If you want to have a nice conversation over dinner, this is not the place to go.
If you are looking for quality pizza, this is not the place to go.
If you are looking for a place with some very unique entertainment to accompany some not-so-great pizza, than this is the place to go.
I love the entertainment.
The restaurant is built around the largest Wurlitzer theater pipe organ in the world (Almost 6,000 Pipes!).
The organ controls violins, drums, horns, xylophones, and many other special effects hanging on the walls of the restaurant.
The music is a lot of fun.
The organist plays movie scores, TV theme songs, Disney songs, Broadway hits, patriotic songs, and even takes requests!
Don't expect to be able to have a normal conversation since the noise is high volume.
The food is nothing special, so don't go expecting that and you won't leave disappointed.
Thanksgiving through Mid-April: Sunday - Thursday 4pm-9pm Friday - Saturday 4pm-10pm  Mid-April through Thanksgiving: Sunday - Thursday 5pm-9pm Friday - Saturday 5pm-10pm

This place really is quite special.
It's a natural tourist trap, so expect to see plenty of pasty, obnoxious Canadians and so forth, but from what I hear it is a sort of local landmark.
I went for my birthday this year at the recommendation of a few work friends, and I had an incredible time.
The pizza gets alot of flack, apparently, but I enjoyed it just fine.
It's not likely to be mistaken for gourmet brick-oven pizza that snobs in Sedona eat, but it's still rather good from what I remember.
The organ was incredible.
Gigantic.
Played by a really good musician.
The song selection is pretty universal, showtunes and the like, but just seeing the thing in action is remarkable.
I highly recommend it.
Now stop bashing the pizza!

So let me set the scene first, My church social group took a trip here last saturday.
We are not your mothers church.
The churhc is Community Church of Hope, We are the valleys largest GLBT church so when we desended upon Organ stop Pizza, in LDS land you know we look a little out of place.
We had about 50 people from our church come and boy did we have fun.
There was a baptist church a couple rows down from us who didn't see it coming.
Now we aren't a bunch of flamers frolicking around or anything but we do tend to get a little loud and generally have a great time.
I did recognized some of the music  so I was able to sing along with those.
This is a great place to take anyone over 50.
I do think they might be washing dirtymob money or something since the business is cash only.........which I think caught a lot of people off guard including me.
The show starts at 530  so dont be late !!!!!

After driving out to Mesa from Phoenix, we found this place to be HUGE,  with about a three acre parking lot...totally jammed...Inside there was a long line and the dining room , on two floors was packed to the rafters.
We would have had to wander around for a week to get a table.
The organ is pretty impressive, and the music was nifty, but the crowd and the chaos were not so nifty.
They do not take credit cards- is there ANY restaurant that does not take plastic  any more?- only cash or checks (!).
They had an ATM but I was afraid to see how much they charged for cash.
The prices seemed  OK, but the pizza didn't look all that wonderful- I guess they're selling the organ music.
The clientele was young couples with kids- noisy ones- and old snowbirds from Canada.
The ambiance was part Vegas early-bird senior buffet and part Cub Scout Jamboree, unsupervised.
There's no service.
You order at the desk and come back and get it when it is done.
I dunno- maybe you like that sort of thing.
Ain't my cup o' tea.
Maybe a return visit on a Tuesday in July.

Five stars for the memory.
(hope you all enjoy it) When I was a kid we went here as a family all the time, but one time when I was a baby the organ came out and started playing and I almost bit my moms boob (other parts but keeping this pg for the kids) right off.
No matter how many times we go back, nothing will ever get my family to stop telling that story.
Lol.
Pizza is decent, and service has always been ok, although I haven't been there in quite some time!

My two stars is for the food and ordering process.
I still thing going to the restaurant to experience the organ and bring friends or visitors is a must.
They only accept cash or check and that is always inconvenient.
Very few places don't take debit cards and I contantly have to remind myself to go to the bank on our way to Organ Stop.
You wait in line to order your food and it bothers me that I can't get mushrooms on only 1/4 of the pizza.
Toppings are only done in 1/2.
After you pay for your food you wait in a new line to get your drinks.
Frustrating!!!
The pizza is not even worth eating, IMO.
The fried appetizers are decent- I like the zucchini and mushrooms but not so much the mozzarella sticks.
The salad bar is an option.
The beer and wine is CHEAP.
If you want ice cream after your meal that is a third line you wait in.

if you are MSG sensitive stay clear of this place.
I haven't been here in 2 + years ever since my last experience.
like most reviews the pizza is so so...more along the lines of grocery store pizza....the music is wonderful.
Like a previous poster said the ordering process and the lack of credit card acceptance (or lack thereof)is a huge drawback

OK.
Imagine the Grand Canyon had ice cream.
Not the best ice cream, but hey it's ice cream.
Would you tell people, "Yeah I went to the grand canyon, but the ice cream was just alright.
I don't know if I'd recommend it.
" If you would, take a run as fast as you can (head first) into a wall, come back and read this again.
No!
The pizza isn't the best.
But hey!
It's pizzaI The Organ is what you are going for.
Take your kids and anyone else you can pack into your car and go.
Have a day!

I had not heard of this place until my sister brought it up.
We were planning a place for my birthday that my nephews and I both could enjoy and this was the perfect fit.
An adult Chuck E Cheese.
The pizza was that of an adult entertain place as it wasn't the best however it wasn't horrible either.
You go there for the Organ and thankful you have some adults options for drinks and food.
We all enjoyed looking at all the all the stuff going on around you and the kids liked they could be kids.
Would I go back?
Yes, I would as it is a one of a kind.
As for being hungry for a good pizza, well, you're in the valley; good pizza is hard to find period!

The pizza is ok, but nothing special.
The big draw is the organ, of course!
Organ Stop is a great place for having a fun evening with a group.
I went last night with my girlfriend and her family, and we had a blast!
Definitely go early, as this place fills up fast!
(Same with tune requests & birthday announcements.
Get em in early.
)  The crowd is quite diverse.
Little kids having birthdays are quite common, as are those from the 75+ crowd.

I wish this was the kind of place to go for a good pizza, unfortunately it's the kind of placeI I would recommend going half full, with a few drinks in you, to enjoy one of the worlds largest organs displayed for quality entertainment purposes.
God love this organ, I certainly do.

Have you ever felt the sentiment of when something is so bad it actually surpasses its badness and becomes good?
now let me ask you this......have you ever had that feeling where its so bad it becomes good then goes back to bad then meagerly yet triumphantly manages to fall into the GREAT category???
I give you...
ORGAN STOP PIZZA!!!!!
Rule #1 You will want to be under the influence of ANYTHING upon entering this establishment.
-TRUST!!!
ordering here is a nightmare..it's a really weird system..u may have to barter and/or trade wives or something to get pizza....could be cash only.. idk (or can remember [ I adhere strictly to Rule #1]) but do you really go for the pizza...or the experience-- this word needs to be italicized.
Rule #2 -You must drink alcohol while in this establishment!!!
For your own sake!
(be surprised they even serve alcohol here!
)  Rule #3 - It is encouraged to request crazy-ass songs... "they" (being the crazy exclusive largest organ on earth made of cellophane/cardboard/packing tape illustrious organists) seriously know everything!!
They even know Beyonce!
for real, I swear one time they played "Crazy In Love".
-Also, you can totally take credit for this, but suggest to your friends a game where your group is versus every other patron/family there and try to totally dominate the request bowl.
here's a hint: suggest- "moon river", anything disney ("under the sea" boasts actual bubbles that float down from the ceiling and land in your pizza), I don't know the name of it but we call it the 'crazy cat song'...it includes a puppet show of 4 janky-azz cats that bop up and down behind the organist....they seriously look like they got the mange.
definitely request that one..it WILL get played.
in fact that's the only reason we go anymore..for the cats.
-Rule # whatever.
sing really loud to annoy the 65+ ...once they leave you will be the only ones there...just like a private show!
-RULE: Don't forget to tip!
*and don't forget to stop at the "gift shop" on your way out!!

Chuck E Cheese for retirees.
Don't take offense if you are a retiree because I am getting pretty close to that myself, I just thought that the crowd would be much younger.
I was astounded at the sheer volume that place does on a weekend as the place was huge, people were packed in like sardines, I felt like I was at a KISS concert.
We had the kids with us and so no alcohol consumtion was possible....that might have helped.
Once we found a seat with aisleways that were not large enough to sit down without getting up every five seconds to let someone through, I had a chance to look around and was impressed with the building, which is the organ.
Very cool ,thats why the two  stars.
Past the organ and the show, the place was a tad annoying starting with the fact that they only took cash and checks chiseled on stone tablets like the flintstones.
I got in the long line to buy the pizza with the one check my honey gave me and then found out that to order drinks, I needed to get cash out of the ATM in order to get in a second long line to buy drinks.
Food was edible...not good, not the worst.
Price was actually not bad, but keep in mind we did not drink.
I think next time I will just get some Totinos Party Pizzas, tune in the Lawrence Welk show and sit 6 people at a card table and the effect will be similar.
I would go back for the organ during the summer, on a week day, when they first open.
I think if the crowd was smaller it would still be a cool place to take the kids.

You don't really go to Organ Stop for the pizza.
The organ is fun (especially for Grandma and Grandpa - as well as kids).
Ordering is a bit of an adventure - cattle call ordering line where they give you a number and you come back in another line to pick up your food.
There is also a third line because you can not order your drinks (soda, beer and wine) in the line where you order your pizza.
The pizza is made on a chain belt and is average at best.
I was pleasantly surprised by the lasagna I ordered and the spaghetti looked good but I didn't try it.
The real star of Organ Stop is the organ and the man who plays it.
It may sound corny but it is fun and it is a hoot to see the older gentlemen stand up and salute when they play "Anchors Away", "Nothing can beat the US Air Corp or "The Halls of Montazuma"  In Summary  - average pizza, above average entertainment - worth taking your parents or grandparents to when they visit the Valley!

I'm back.
and this place is as good as it was when I first came here in '08.
Apart from the organ, which is the main attraction that everybody is drawn to, I like the pizza here.
For me, the sauce on a pizza is everything, and this place has great sauce.
The pizza overall is a bit pricey, drinks are not bottomless, and this is absolutely no place to go if you are in a hurry to get somewhere after you eat.
But, if you want to spend an evening with your family enjoying pizza and listening to a pipe organ with all the bells and whistles (literally), this is a good destination.

Bad Pizza, very bad pizza...
I think most people are being very generous to say it's OK.
I love the atmosphere here, the organ is great...
Very bad pizza.
I can only imagine how great this "once every 5 year" place could be if they had even "good" pizza, it would not even have to be great!
Another yelp-er, compared this place to going to the grand canyon, you know, something you got to do.
I agree you need to go here...
I actually brought my own pizza from Old Chicago, the last time I went... No one even tried to stop us.
I think the wait staff understood, every time they passed our table they smiled.
We got ice cream for desert and also left a big tip...
This place has Pizza in it's name I would give more stars if they called it Organ World and charged for admission.

This is a great place to take the kids for pizza and entertainment when you're sick of the stagnant Chuck E Cheese's franchise.
Their pizza, though not great, is better than most of the kid-oriented pizza places in town, and they offer more options on the menu (including alcoholic beverages for the grown-ups!).
The main attraction is the giant Wurlitzer organ in the middle of the large, two-story dining room.
I like the fact that the entertainment is included in the price of your meal, and it's actual LIVE entertainment - the organists even take audience requests.
I went with my fiance and his almost-5-year-old in December, when about 75% of the songs are holiday songs.
I recommend sitting on the second floor, where you get a great view of the organist and an up-close look at a variety of the instruments.
After about an hour, the organ music can become a little too much, but at that point, you'll be done with your meal and on your way out the door.
This is a definite must-see place for anyone with kids or out-of-town visitors, especially during the holiday season!

When we arrived, my husband was a little discouraged by the number of elderly people that were waiting in line to get in.
But after our experience we realized this is a great place for a break in the monotony of multi-generational family dinners.
The pizza earns 2-3 stars from me.
I'm more of a Pizza Bianco/Humble Pie/La Bocca kind of girl.
Not a big fan of the doughy, over-cheesed kind of pizza.
But, that's what they have here, so that's what we ate.
Really nothing special, but not horrible either.
Their salad bar is pretty standard; also nothing special.
We didn't try any of their sandwiches or specialty dishes.
However, the entertainment was unlike anything I've ever seen before, and we all really enjoyed it.
The organ pipes are quite a spectacle: a countless number of them, two stories high, all throughout the dining hall.
There are drums and bongos on the walls and bells and xylophones hanging from the ceiling.
The organ itself rotates on a platform at the front and center of the dining hall.
I bet your organ doesn't do that.
(On that note, I'll inform you that the "giant organ" and "huge pipes" lend themselves to a number of inappropriate jokes.
So, have fun with that!
)  Being the holiday season, we heard a lot of Christmas music both familiar and unfamiliar.
My stepdaughter was elated when they played her current theme song, "All I want for Christmas is My Two Front Teeth.
"  And all of the kids loved the "It's a Small World/Mickey Mouse Club" theme song medley with the banner of Mickey hanging from the ceiling and "Under the Sea" with blue lights on the disco ball and bubbles at the end.
Personally, I was a fan of the Phantom of the Opera medley.
The organist has a request box at the front of the stage that he checks every so often and he recognizes birthdays and special occasions and plays songs for them.
We're looking forward to doing another family dinner here sometime.
Between grandma, adult kids and grandkids (ages 1-7), our gang had a really good time here!

This place has a very unique atmosphere, with a live organist playing all kinds of crazy instruments hooked up to the stage organ and taking very limited requests.
This is primarily a pizza place with similar sides, but nothing there is good except the beer.
I personally had a bad pizza experience there and now refer to this place strictly as "The Organ Stopper".
Bring kids up to ages 8 or 9, but beyond that they will probably get bored or annoyed fast, unless they are very musically-minded or have an organ-playing scholarship on the horizon.
For adults, bring a DD and knock back a pitcher or two to make your time worth it.

Organ Stop Pizza is truly a family oriented establishment.
Long, large tables end-to-end everywhere, and (2) stories to boot.
The pizza was better than expected - traditional, not greasy, plenty of toppings built out so that there isn't even a bone.
Our group which had ages 1-60+, didn't have a single complaint and we had over (10) pies served of varying types.
Above all else, the music is great.
I've never experienced anything like this, and if you enjoy good wholesome family fun, I highly recommend Organ Stop Pizza.

Coming from Los Angeles... you don't get that kind of spectacle.
Especially while you're just looking to grab some pizza and a beer.
We get chuck e. cheese... not a grand organ orchestrated by the organ master!
Request "The Choo Choo train" or something like that.
The whole place seems to come alive.
Man, old people in AZ know how to have fun!
I didn't have much time in AZ, but this stop was definitely the highlight of my trip.
I'll definitely be back someday.

Completely unaware of its reputation, I came here with my wife's family for a family gathering.
Well, they couldn't have picked a worse place for "family gathering.
"  The place is loud (you have to shout to each other to carry a conversation), jam packed (we had to sit in tables in the opposite corners of the place), and the pizza is horrible (more on that soon).
To me, the only positive thing of the place is the organ music.
I guess that's how they earn their keep and draw the large crowd.
They take crowd requests, and the organist actually is quite good.
But that's about the only good thing of the whole experience.
As soon as we walked in, a huge sign greeted us "Cash or checks only, no credit or debit cards.
"  What era are we in, 1940's?
In this day and age, the only places that accept cash only are those taking tax advantages.
And the pizza.
Tasted like cardboard with cheese and not-so-fresh toppings.
Any store-bought frozen pizza would have tasted better.
And then they cheated on the toppings too.
We ordered a 2-topping pie, only to see the number of pepperoni on ours being about half of that of a 1-topping pepperoni pizza.
Hello?
I paid for 2 toppings, not 2 different toppings splitting half-n-half.
Honestly, I really don't know how other reviewers think their pizza is even "ok."  To this day, I could not believe anyone could ruin pizzas this badly.
Overall, the place has the ambience of a German beer hall during Oktoberfest.
Organ playing was kinda cool, and I can see how this is a "family place" cuz kids generally would like the music.
But the food is terrible.
If you want to come here, eat somewhere else first (get a hot dog from the gas stations nearby or something), then come enjoy the organ with ice cream.
But then again, if they screw up pizzas so badly, maybe you shouldn't brave the ice cream either.

Great place to take kids.
Been going since I was a kid - pizza is okay and cheap.
Cash only, but they have an ATM on the premises.

Such a fun bit of Americana!
A friend had his birthday celebration here and  I must say that it was quite the entertaining experience.
Food's OK and not too badly priced, considering the entertainment that comes with it; and, $2 mugs of beer on tap ... yes!
The Wurlitzer was impressive: around 6000 pipes and 4 large turbine blowers make it one of the largest theater organs in the world.
The pipes themselves, as well as accessory instruments - piano, percussion instruments, even a mechanical quacking duck - are scattered around the interior of the building and displayed and lit to become part of a grand light and sound show.
I thoroughly enjoyed the organist's performance, which ranged from folk to pop (including adventure and sci-fi movie themes) to classical pieces.
The performance ends with a sing-along.
Pretty much all ages are represented in the customer demographic, from toddlers to seniors, but leaning heavily toward family groups.
Kids definitely love the place, as I saw many of them break away from their families to go beside the organ platform and spontaneously dance to the music.

You don't come for the run-of-the-mill pizza.
Nor do you show up for the cheap pitchers of beer.
No, you make it here for the show.
A massive organ fills the entire building, incorporating dozens of intruments, and the virtuosos playing it take center stage.
Sit back and watch then perform your favorite songs, from Star Wars to The Little Mermaid.
Don't let the average food dissuade you from a one-of-a-kind experience.

Five star for the experience and the amazing organ player who apparently knows every song in the world by memory!
Pizza is better than a Peter Piperish place, but that's definitely not why you go.
The organ is amazing and the kids love it.
The history of it is pretty cool too!

I recently moved back to the valley and the pizza has improved.
The sauce, toppings, and crust are all high quality and fresh.
Organ Stop only gets better.
I love the music and it a great family friendly place to eat.
My daughter gets so excited when they play her request.
Lew Williams, the organist we saw on a Thursday night even played Stairway to Heaven on the organ!
Wow.
I don't know if they still have classical concerts but I hope they do.

Really thrilled that I finally made it out to this place after over a year of knowing about it.
I really was organly blown away by what is the coolest pizza themed joint anywhere.
I love organs and it was simply fantastic to hear all the songs on this instrument housed in the skeleton of the building.
The pizza itself was just okay to me, but they have Blue Bell ice cream to make up for that!
And of course... the great promise of your favorite contemporary song being played on the organ.
Family fun, birthday fun...its organzmic!

Stopped here for dinner on a Monday night with my cousin and boyfriend before flying out of Phoenix.
We shared a large combination pizza, onion ring app, and a pitcher of Miller (pitcher was only ~$7!).
Food was okay, but the star was the live organ playing.
It was so impressive I cannot even begin to fully describe it.
The organ pipes and everything took up an entire wall of the place, with additional sound/visual effects lining the ceiling and interior.
It was so cool listening to Phantom of the Opera, Mamma Mia, etc.
The crowd was mainly older folks and families with children.
Although there are signs that tell parents to make sure their children don't run around everywhere, many parents seemed to ignore that.
Children were running everywhere, up and down stairs, and screaming.
This was the only thing that detracted from our experience.
Otherwise, this was definitely a very cool, unique place to go to.
If my parents ever go to Phoenix, I would recommend them stopping by this place!

My brother would not stop talking about this place.
Finally he decided I had to go for my birthday.
Wasn't sure if that was the best idea but I trusted my brother anyway.
This was a few years ago mind you so I was turning 22 at the time.
I wouldn't recommend this place to just adults but it is a family eatery for sure.
The food was decent but what you really go there for the ambiance.
The entire building is a HUGE instrument and one man controls them all.
He does take requests and my brother graciously requested for him to play Happy Birthday for me as well as a Star Wars AND a Disney montage of songs....yes they do montages.
It brought me to tears!
It was so wonderful!
Great for birthday parties because you can bring your own cake and the food is decent and cheap!
I would probably compare the pizza to Peter Piper's pizza.

the food wasn't very good, and the organ player didn't seem to know any of the songs we requested.

Organ Stop Pizza is a very unique restaurant in Mesa.
Organ Stop has a massive 1920's pipe organ and has an organist play songs while you eat your dinner.
It's a pretty cool experience and even cooler because the organist takes requests and is able to play a surprising variety of songs.
The food is just average, nothing to get excited about or even good enough to earn a return visit on it's on merits.
It's not bad, just nothing that will blow you away.
So basically, if it wasn't for the organ, the place wouldn't be worth a visit.
They also have a limited selection of domestic draft beer for you to sip on while you enjoy the show.
The unique organ experience gives Organ Stop Pizza an above average rating of four stars.

I'm giving Organ stop 4 stars purely because of the organ.
I would give the food and service 2 stars.
It's cash only and that's just silly but beyond that they have a separate line to order pizza and then to order drinks!
The food is so so but really it's all about the experience and not the food.
Kids live it and a word to the wise- don't go at prime dinner time.
There will be a ton of old people and no seats.

Still the best dinner theater .Great for all ages .Very clean ,and nice .

well its like this....very incredibly hokey, but really cool.
I could picture this in pigeon forge or branson but it really is worth seeing.
Pizza is OK (nothing Special) salad bar and Ice cream are also available...Amazing Pipe Organ+++ lots of extras...we drank several pitchers of beer

Pizza....meh Music...holy crap amazing.
Best nights are when they play the Star Wars Medley.
Pure heaven.
Take cash or a checkbook, they don't take credit cards or visa.

We went to Organ stop mainly because we thought our daughter would love the show.
We were right.
We all loved it and were suprised when the pizza was acctually good and so was the salad bar.
I think what she  enjoyed most was the dancing cats.
I would have to recommened getting there early, my husband spent 30 minutes in line waiting to order, and if you dont get the seat you want be ready to table hop.
I think we moved 3 times until we got to a table that we had a really good view.
It was a lot of fun and we will definately go back.

The food was okay, but what brings people here is the Mighty Wurlitzer organ.
The musicians are amazing.
They take requests and play without sheet music.
As much as I enjoy the professional musicianship, sometimes the medleys repeat and seem like they never end.
We requested Phantom of the Opera (I'm sure they get that a lot), but it wasn't as grandiose as I had hoped.
Extremely entertaining nonetheless.
Sitting in the restaurant feels like sitting in a smaller version of Hofbrauhaus.
The restaurant only takes cash.

Awesome pizza!
Music was so cool too!
Great for all ages!
He accepts requests to plus birthday announcements!
Accepts only $ or checks!

I am thinking people are writing reviews for the atmosphere and not the food.
The food is not good.
You go for the adventure of it but not the food.

The concept of this place is pretty neat, but I didn't have the best experience here.
The ordering process is a little confusing and I didn't see any signs that said they were cash only.
I had to go to the ATM then stand in the long line again.
Once you order, they tell you to wait for your number to come up on the board.
The number board is inside the dining room near the ceiling and it's hard to find!
I had the mushroom and sausage pizza.
It wasn't bad but could have used more sauce.
I had a glass of red wine which was served chilled....
I would give this place three stars but there were little bugs crawling on the table.
ewwww!!!!!
We really enjoyed the organ player and would have stayed longer, but there were too many kids.
This is a cool place to check out but watch out for creepy crawlies...unless you want them on your pizza.

Ok here it goes....If you are looking for amazing food this is not your place.
It is ok pizza at best.
Stick with the pizza.
Trust me!
The place only takes cash but have an ATM inside to get the cash which is a pain in the butt.
So why the 4 stars????????????
I have a definate affinity for the most unusual, off the wall, freakish, wickedly awesome, magical attractions I can find.
I like attractions that you can barely imagine in your mind.
I Iike attractions that you cannot accurately describe to others due to the sheer awesomeness of what you experienced.
Organ Stop is a place that has impressed me every time I have visited.
Do yourself a HUUUUGE favor and get there before the show starts.
You can litterally feel the anticipation of the patrons that know what you are about to experience.
I do not want to ruin anything that you may see, hear or feel during the wondeful performances.
What I can attest to is that one of the songs made my wife cry.
I can honestly say that if you are open minded, young at heart, believe in magic, and are not a stuffy pretentious person, this place is a veritable treasure trove of wonderful experiences.
It truly is a freakishly fantastic place that will leave you wanting more.

Great family venue.
And the pizza is pretty good too.
The history and scope of the place is pretty impressive.
It really is a bit of yester-year that is becoming harder and harder to find.
Just know to bring cash and some tune ideas for the organist to play.
I'm guessing they'd prefer a little more variety than is usually requested.
Most the crowds (with small kids) tend to eat earlier in the evening, so it's usually pretty spacious in the later hours.

The felt that the food at Organ Stop was just So-So!
Nothing special!
The Music there is great!
You defiantly go to Organ Stop for the Organ!
Not the Pizza!

Horrible food (except the garlic bread, that was actually pretty good!).
It's annoying that they only take cash, I feel like this is 1995 again.
It's also annoying you have to go to two sections to order your drinks, you can't order them with your meal.
HOWEVER, it's cheap entertainment.
Have a little kid?
Spend $25, take the family here, they will enjoy it.

Great pizza with fresh ingredients.
Seriously - we all liked it, and we've had pizza all over the country, including New Haven, CT and Chicago, so we know what we're talking about.
AND... the largest Wurlitzer organ in the world played live by a team of experts, one of which has been taking requests and playing favorite pieces there since the 1970s.
Loud, fun, family place with long family-style tables, but with so many seats and such a big staff that you can find a seat and get your food right away.
We heard everything from Michael Jackson'sThriller" to 1930s jazz ballads, complete with light show (no extra charge for the music).
Pay with cash or check only.
Fantastic!

I ate here once for a retirement dinner for a friend, and once was enough.
The place was nasty dirty, the tables (that you eat on....) were the worst.
The pizza was pretty bad ( Eatza Pizza, Ci Cis, etc level) and to be honest I have had frozen pizzas that were better.
I find it disheartening that so many people rate this place based completely on the novelty, as I would rather have great food in a bland place then horrible food in a dirty place with a gimmick.
With all the diverse places and interesting food choices we have in this city, paying for really bad overpriced pizza in a place that they don't even bother to clean is silly - even if they do have a Organ.
And they only take cash?
Seriously?
My landscape guy even has a credit card machine in his truck, so why can't this place accept debit/credit?
Bottom line, ignore the novelty - if you want pizza go to Spinatos or Mellow Mushroom.

Can't believe we drive 40 miles for this place.
What a joke!
They only take cash or check, come-on in 2012, pay the merchant fee and get a credit card machine.
Then you have to separately order and pay for food and drink.
Yes that's right, go stand in two different lines.
No refills on soft drinks, horrible beer selection and the worst BBQ chicken pizza I've had.
I didn't know you could screw that up.
We came, we tried, we won't be doing it again!

Random, but really cool!
Great place to take the kids and keep the whole family entertained.
Good place to take out-of-town visitors too.
Had the BBQ chicken pizza which was delicious.
Will definitely be back again.

I am on a staycation with my wife and 3 of my 4 kids.
We were in mesa pondering dinner when I had an aha moment.
No not the lame band from the 80s.
I remembered Organ Stop Pizza.
Neither my wife nor I had been there in years.
The pizza was adequate.
It was very similar to Peter Piper.
The sodas were a bummer.
I paid for soda refills.
The real reason to be here is the show.
The show is fantastic!!!!
There is so much to listen to and see.
The music tends to be Disney and classical.
My boys love giving their song suggestions.
It was a wonderful night that I would suggest to everyone.
We will be back.

Crass incongruity at its worst.
Or best?
Is there a difference?
This restaurant features average pizza and a magnificent pipe organ.
My parents and I arrived just before the music began, and I was so excited at the prospect of hearing some of my favourite classical pieces.
Oh, I was a fool.
The organist played marching band music and doo-wop.
It was so loud that my deaf parents shut off their hearing aids.
The customers actually interrupted their meals to stand at attention, and then cheered wildly when the organist played "America the Beautiful".
My smartass dad asked, "What song is this?
" A burly guy with shaved head and shark eyes sitting across from us responded by showing my dad his fist.
His entire arm was covered in American flag tattoos.
An ideal place for the very young, very old, deaf, or fanatic.

Went there tonight with my friend and her two kids.
The kids and I had a large pepperoni pizza that I thought was pretty darn good.
My friend has spaghetti and she said is was very good.
So is this gourmet?
Did we expect gourmet?
Of course not, what we got was pretty good food and a lot of fun.
The kids thought the music was a blast.
They sang along with the Christmas songs and smiled the whole time.
A lot of people on Yelp are complaining because the place only takes cash.
Well, this place has a feel from years gone past with the music and the flavor of the old times.
Everything was cash years ago, quit complaining and pay as you eat, don't pay later with interest added on.
The evening was a fun time for all of us and the kids want to come back again.

Food was great...

Organ Stop Pizza -- one of my favourite places to go when I'm in the Phoenix Metropolitan area.
First off, don't get me started with all the reviews about the pizza -- its average at best and yes, its expensive.
You don't come here for the food -- you come for the entertainment.
Watching the professionals that play that monster of a Wurlitzer Theatre Organ is what you're paying to see.
The best views and best sounds are on the 2nd floor -- there is no elevator, take the stairs to the left/right.
Also, the large wooden pipes in the back throw out some of the deepest bass I've ever heard and felt.
Its also funny to watch peoples hair literally get blown around by these pipes.
Again, the pizza isn't the attraction:  its just something nice to snack on while you listen to and watch this amazing machine.

Great entertainment.
A must goto at least once and great for out of town guests and kids.
Recommend eating a nice meal before and then enjoy some ice cream and entertainment here.

Having read many of the reviews, I expected to enjoy the show and tolerate the food.
Our group was pleasantly surprised to enjoy both the pizza and salad bar as well as some ice cream for dessert..
While I didn't particularly love the music itself, the performance was excellent.
I loved watching the various parts of the organ as it was played, we are looking forward to returning with visiting friends.

Wait staff at the front counter were awful!
Not kid friendly in menu choices @ drink counter.
Only accepts cash or checks, does not take debit / credit cards.
Pizza is below average & over priced.
Caters to white-headed senior snowbirds.
The organ is the obvious highlight.
Stay away during snowbird season or if tour bus is in the parking lot!

Great food, good prices, fun atmosphere!
It does get crowded so expect a little wait.

As everyone has said food is soso but the do have to pump it out fast to deal with the crowds.
The show is cool mostly an older crowd it was for my grandmothers birthday.
It's funny to watch people try to talk over the music looks like everyone is going in for a awkward kiss.
Overall it's a ok place with the fam

CASH ONLY, PRICEY, LEAVE IT FOR THE TOURIST!
Some friends wanted to eat here, because their senior parents love this place and would be dining with us.
So we met friends and senior parents here for pizza.
Let me just say this was not my thing.
CRAZY setup, you wait in a line and order your pizza.
Then you go wait in a second line to order your beverages (paying separately).
Then go sit at school cafeteria tables, in a VERY crowded, VERY loud dining room.
Can't talk to anyone, the music is deafening.
Packed WALL TO WALL with senior citizens.
Which explains the taste.
Now I've had Chicago style, New York style, and even California style pizza.
But this pizza is Nursing Home-Hospital style pizza; it's not good, taste a little better than a frozen Red Baron.
Organ music is good, would be better if not SO loud.
Would be better if you only waited in one line for food and drinks and paid for them together.
If these two things were different, I'd say worth a trip in for nostalgic reasons.
Oh and it's CASH ONLY.
So stop by the atm and pull out plenty, it's also pricey!!

If you're looking for some good old vintage music, this is the place!
Not many organs like this left.
Pizza is average, but that's not the point.
Its all about the organ music!

So strictly from an entertainment aspect, Organ Stop Pizza great!
It really is a lot of fun.
It was something different.
The music and....choreography (maybe?
) are awesome.
Ok, there's no dancing but window slats and lighting and whatever move in time with the music.
(Wow, possibly worst description ever.
My apologies).
But it's 2013 and a nice venue, but still is cash only?
What also makes no sense to me is why I have to order and pay for my food at one register, and if I want a drink, I have to wait in a different line to do a completely separate transaction?
And then there's the food.
I read other reviews, ignoring the food, but come on now.
IT'S A RESTAURANT!
It's 90% about the food and the food sucked.
Peter Piper Pizza has better food than this place.
There was no redeeming quality in anything we ordered.
They say even bad pizza is still good.
Not true.
This was the first time in my nearly 33 year existence that I didn't take my left overs home.
We had no desire to take them home.
With the music and everything surrounding the Mighty Wurlitzer, I don't understand why they can't charge a few more dollars for better quality pizza.
This place would probably be spot on the gourmet pizza, waiters, private tables and booths (instead of school cafeteria style tables/benches).
It's obvious the owners are strictly in business for the money.
They're penny pinchers.
Why else would it be cash only (no transaction fees), low quality food (costs less to make), picnic bench style seating (cram as many people in as possible) and poor service (cheap labor).
I want to go somewhere that wou can taste the owner or chef's passion for the food in the food.
The only saving grace is the organ.
I go to a restaurant to eat.
Entertainment is just a bonus.
I won't be back.

Always a hit with my out-of-town visitors.
The musical show always impresses!
I like their pizza.
The crust is crispy but easy to chew.
It comes out of the ovens in about 10 minutes.
When you realize you're getting a theater experience plus dinner, the prices are reasonable.
$20 buys dinner and drinks for 2, with a couple of dollars left to tip the performers.
The organists are very professional.
Atmosphere is very casual, like a German beer hall.

Fun, unusual, unexpected treat in the desert.
Bring the kids.

Organ Stop Pizza, this place should be an Arizona treasure.
If they charged just to listen to the music, I would go.
This place has the Wurlitzer organ that seems to control other instruments that are hanging all over the place, its amazing.
The organ rises up just like in Dr.
Phibes!!!
Who cares about the food, pizza and soda.
Its not about the food.
Suggestion, have a Pink Floyd or Led Zep nite!!!
This should be a historical monument...that's what I think.
Go there and tell me what you think.
Bring cash.

We have a love hate relationship with Organ Stop Pizza.
It's great for unique entertainment and is always a sure bet to entertain company with but, their pizza isn't very good.
It's ok when it first hits your table (watch for your number because you have to pick it up) but if you let it sit for more than 10 min, it's terrible.
Good thing they have a salad bar, ice cream and alcohol to soothe your pizza worries.
Still, the organ player is amazing in his playing and talking to the crowd.
We'll continue to go there every year or so but would probably go more often if the pizza was just a little better.
Oh yeah, make sure you request your song before you get your pizza so that you'll have a chance to hear it!
And tip him.

This is a great place for the family!
I love that they take music requests as you eat.
The puppets, drums, and lights add to the organ experience!
Wish it was a little less crowded and more organized (perhaps reservations).

Love the organ...
Sad to see this Arizona historical treasure in such danger of mediocrity due to poor management.
The pizza we had wasn't worth taking home.
I didn't want to insult the cardboard box by putting pizza in it that is more tasteless than  itself.
Fix yer food folks!!

This is a very cool place to visit every few years.
The kids love it and the food does is as is expected.
It can get a bit crowded and their ordering methods are a bit outdated.
Make sure that you bring cash!

We love this place!
The Wurlitzer is amazing and it even has dancing cats, a quacking duck and bubbles!
The pizza is just good but the entertainment value is priceless...
Especially when kids or Mom and Dad start dancing.
We like to sit upstairs for the viewing.

Having grown up in Mesa, I've been here many, many times.
The last time I was here was 15 years ago when I was in high school.
Tonight I brought my husband and kids.
The place literally has not changed in all these years.
It's crazy!
Like a time capsule!
These lose a star for me because of their totally antiquated POS system (ok it's not even that, it's a manual old school cash register).
It's CASH ONLY.
I mean seriously?
Also, you have order your pizza in one line and get your drinks in another line, and pay separately.
It makes absolutely no sense!
They also lose a star because the pizza is terrible.
I mean just awful.
Ok now that the gripes are out of the way...we had a blast!
My kids were all smiles, laughing and dancing the whole time.
They were fascinated the the huge organ and all the bells and whistles.
The dancing cats, the bubbles, the lights!
The kids LOVED it!
The organist was really good.
He played a stunning version of Phantom of the Opera that I loved.
We got the kids ice cream which was only $2 each.
Not bad.
Bottom line the entertainment is great, the venue is very casual and super family friendly.
It's a great time with the fam.
But maybe I'll just get a salad next time.

My grandparents figured I'd like this place because I am a musician, and had never been to an organ stop.
First of all.
The organ is very cool and interesting to watch while eating here...
Kids will love it, as well as the older 60+ crowd.
However, the pizza just isn't that good or memorable in any way, you have to pay cash (which is annoying since I don't carry any these days, and wanted a beer), and they've eliminated servers and make you serve yourself like you're at a hot dog stand or something.
Not cool.
For the prices they charge, I should get a cute waitress, a really good pizza pie, and a charge for another pitcher of beer on my visa.

If you've read any of these reviews, I'm sure you see the recurring theme- you come here for the experience...certainly not for the food or service.
One star for the organ- it's truly a thing of beauty.
You should wander upstairs while you're there so you can get the full effect.
The second star is for the the people who play the organ.
They are EXTREMELY talented.
When I watch them play, I'm totally in awe.
Sadly, two stars is the highest I can rate Organ Stop.
This is a great place to take out of town guests, kids, or winter visitors.
Just don't expect to be wow'ed by anything other than the music.
Pizza is not so great, service is just ok, and cash only?
Seriously?
Plus the way you order is a mess.
I wish Organ Stop would make a few updates to make the experience better but since they can make loads of money without changing a thing, I won't hold my breath.

Food....great pizza, excellent salad bar.
Ambiance....this is the best value in all of Arizona.
The show is amazing.
I have never seen anyone leave this place dissatisfied.
Staff.....ok.
Verdict.......EAT HERE!!!
Take your out of town guests here.
From kids to elderly everyone enjoys this place...good family entertainment.

Stay with me, this might get confusing for ya, my daughter (3rd oldest) was in town for the weekend for a visit and my other daughter (2nd oldest) said we should go somewhere where it doesn't matter how loud the kids get, where it's fun and entertains them and allow us to visit and for others to join us, I told her I had my fill of Peter Piper Pizza for the year not going there, she said Mom lets go to Organ Stop Pizza, I laughed, no really I laughed, Organ Stop has never been on my list of places to go and its sort of a running joke on YT,  my daughter then told me that she has been before and my grandson loves it.
Come to find out, most of my kids (have 4 total and not so much on the kid side anymore ranging frm 22 to 17) have been to Organ Stop and do enjoy it.
(I fully believe they live a secret life when my eyes were closed, I thought they were out running the streets, but nope it was hanging out at Organ Stop haha) So Organ Stop Pizza was the place picked, time to meet up was a Friday night at 6:30pm.
Off we went  We got there a little before 6:30 because wanted to make sure to get tables and set up for everyone, and damn the parking lot is FULL, Yep I was shocked!
Didn't know it was such a hot spot to go to.
Prior to coming my (2nd oldest) daughter told me to find tables on the 1st floor (1st floor???
WTH this is a pizza joint right???
2 floors?
) And after walking in I saw what she meant.
When you 1st walk in you are facing the menu board to order pizza, I'll get back to that, but if you go to your right you will see the dining room, and low and behold it has 2 floors of seating.
1st floor was completely filled up, so I went upstairs and found us 2 long tables.
Then I stopped and really looked around.
1st observation, DAMN THAT'S A HUGE ORGAN, and not so much a HUGE ORGAN, it's the pipes, they are in the walls, and all over, is this a sound proof building?
Can you hear it on the street??
2nd, this must have been an old church, that's the feeling it gives from the 2 floors and seating arrangements.
I have to say hearing scores of the Phantom of the Opera played on that bad ass organ sounded amazing and the light show that went with it, I liked it.
Ok like I said when you 1st walk in you are faced with ordering your pizza.
This is where the place loses points, it's all scattered.
In one place you order your pizza and pay for it, then get into another line, order your salad and pay for it, then get into another line for drinks and pay for it.
Why can't it be one stop shopping experience?
Oh and everything is CASH ONLY.
I ordered 1 large Hawaiian, 1 Large Combination, 1 medium Spicy Italian for 54 bucks, then ordered 3 pitchers of soda (MT Dew, Root beer, Sierra Mist) for 15 bucks.
I tried the Hawaiian & Combination, the Hawaiian had chopped ham throughout the pizza and good amount of pineapple, the combo pizza wasn't lacking the bell peppers, for that's all I remember from it, but the pizza itself was not that great, it's like Little Creasers pizza but with a car dealership sticker price.
Do I feel like I got my money's worth?
No not really, but what I did get was a meal with all 4 of my kids, 3 of my grandkids, tons of family and friends, some laughter and smiles, and that right there is what counts.
Return factor though is really low.

This was my first time here and will probably be my last time here too.
I will admit that it was a cool place to go to and see the biggest organ in the world.
The restaurant is two stories; they only take cash or checks for food and drinks.
When the organ plays the lights go out and you cannot see your food that you are eating.
:(  Also luckily I had cash that night to pay for our food and drinks.
Well it was a cool place to go to and see the organ playing.
If the lights stayed on all the time I would probably give it another try.

I finally know the irony behind "Phoenix's most romantic restaurant.
" If you've ever had the pleasure of asking Yelp Talkers for a suggestion on where to take a first date, second date, anniversary date, valentines date, or date of any type where romance is foremost on your list - you may have incidentally ended up here dressed in your best duds.
I fortunately, didn't fall into that particular trap, I did however, show up here cause a friend had some family in town and invited us all out to dine with her.
What fun, I thought, I'll finally get to see what all the hubbaloo is about, I finally get to experience romance at it's finest.
Secretly, I never really checked the place out at all, I didn't read about it, I had no real clue as to what this place was.
I always just assumed it was some weird mixture of pizza joint, strip club, and themed in hospital recovery room and left it at that.
Boy was I wrong, and not necessarily in a good way.
I will say that this is certainly an experience, one that you'll not have anywhere else, in town or out of town, except maybe unless there's another organ stop pizza somewhere.
Touting the worlds largest Wurlitzer pipe organ, the name finally makes sense.
Organ has nothing to do with the male organ, nothing to do with greasy pizza stopping your organs as you eat it, nothing to do with stripping, boy was I wrong, but I'm still not sure if I was wrong in a good way or bad.
Either way you 'slice' it, the pizza here is less than mediocre, but the ambiance!
The ambiance less than makes up for the mediocre pizza.
The thrill of pipe organs lasts only so long, and I think I clocked it at about 3 minutes and 47 seconds, but the kids all seemed to love it.
I guess if you've got kids, feel like seeing the worlds largest Wurlitzer in action and in all it's glory, then you know where to go this Friday.
So Phoenix Yelpers, I hope I left you with some insight into Organ Stop Pizza and hopefully you don't get trapped in the age old Phoenix Yelp Talk question of "Where's the most romantic place to take your girl?
" because unwittingly, you'll be sent here.
Happy Yelping Phoenix!

Amazing must see place.
Live entertainment and the organ wall is just so cool.
I didn't like how it was crowded after only an hour after opening for dinner but its just that popular.
I'm sure the food was good but we couldn't find a place to sit and the lines look long for drinks and food too and I didn't see servers

I've been coming to Organ Stop Pizza since I was a kid with my family.
The organ music and atmosphere are unique and enjoyable, and I love coming now for those reasons...but the food....not so great.
The pizza isn't anything special, not much better than a $5 frozen pizza, and the salad bar is lacking.
If they stepped it up on the quality of the food I would probably eat here more often.
2 stars for the awesome entertainment.

At first glance, I wanted to run far away from this place.
I went on a double date and it seemed so loud that we weren't going to be able to talk.
It was packed and there were long lines for ordering pizza.
Be advised CASH ONLY!!
After we ordered our pizza, we scouted out for a table.
If you are patient and wait for the groups to clear out after the music, then it is fairly easy to get a good seat.
All of the instruments around the place were really neat, and they light up when they are being played.
The pizza here was awesome too!!
So, the music that he played....Star Wars theme-which was my second favorite.
The best song though was Phantom of the Opera.
It was memorizing and I fell in love with Organ Stop Pizza at that moment.
I am sure that the man is tired of playing those songs over and over but he was in good spirits and played them with a smile.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to go somewhere different and doesn't mind crowds or loud music.
Hell, even if you don't like crowds or loud music (most of the time I don't) I would recommend this place!

We got there early and there was a line to the parking lot to get in.
The senior citizens acted like kids by counting the minutes to get in.
Three cafe style lines to order food at.
These senior citizens jumped ahead of me in the beverage line.
The onion rings were good.
The pizza was some weird and mixture of blah.
It was nice to see the worlds largest organ of its kind.
But really, why do senior citizens have to act worse then terrible two year olds.
The people under 18 were very well behaved.

-Tourist trap, nothing to special about this place besides a large organ.
-They don't take credit or debit cards, if they did the line would move faster & more efficient.
-really annoying you order & pay for food in one line & then have to go to a 2nd line to order & pay for drinks.
No refills on drinks.
Obviously the owners are tight wads for bit doing free refills & no credit cards.
-lots of old people, most crabby & inconsiderate.
-my kids thought it was cool but nothing   -Staff doesn't go above & beyond.
I asked a girl picking up our dishes for a to go box & she said we have them downstairs you can get there.
Gee thanks as I'm sitting there with 2 young kids.
-Pizza is mediocre.
Nothing great  -again just clearly a tourist trap.

I used to go there yearly with the retired in laws.
I think they love it.
The pizza tastes like it came from a box.
Very crowded.
Amazing organ player if that's your gig.
Everyone should go there once in life, or should they?

We had a great time being entertained while eating a delicous pizza.
Yes it was crowd but there is plenty of seating.
A special experience.... it is "cash only" so come prepared.
It was a fun time..

We love Organ Stop!
When you have friends and family visit this is a great place to bring them!
The pizza and salad bar are pretty good.
Great, affordable entertainment.
Kids love this place!
If you can, plan to arrive just as a set is ending.
It might be easier to find the seat you want.
The upper seating area offers a nice clear view of the whole room.
It is cash only.
There is an ATM in the lobby.

I really like this place.
It's great to go out with friends and family with their kids and see the happiness of the children as they watch the show.
I always get excited when my favorite part, the dancing cats,  come out.
The only thing I hate is that it is cash only.
To not accept credit cards is ridiculous.
I hardly ever carry cash so it is really inconvenient.

Stopped here on a recent vacation to Arizona.
It's one of the places you need to stop at while you're there.
A huge pipe organ playing all kinds of tunes.
The pizza was pretty good but it's more about the experience.
There's two levels so you can sit upstairs and overlook the stage or sit on the ground floor.
Worth a visit if you're in the area.

Well we finally tried this Arizona landmark.
Everything that you've heard is true.
Food is mediocre, organ and room is entertaining.
The building is all pipes!
It resembles an Octoberfest Brewhaus, with a balcony, and long tables with seating in the round.
You pay cash for your food and wait to see your number on a board.
You then go pick it up and walk it upstairs.
Not ideal but ok.   Food was blah.
Organist and atmosphere was something we haven't seen before.
Every one at the table said, so we got this place outta the way.
Meaning we've all been trying to experience it.
We have.
Now we can move on.
It's hard to say if I'll go back.

We finally made our way across town to Organ Stop and the drive was totally worth it!
The organist is amazing!
He does the music all by memory, even the requests.
The room alone is pretty cool with all the different instruments to compliment the organ.
From Disney to Star Wars to Classical Pieces, my entire family (ages 1-65 years old) enjoyed the experience.
They released bubbles during the Little Mermaid's "Under the Sea" which, of course, the kids loved!
I'm not sure why people are griping about the pizza though.
We thought that the pizza was exceptional and we're pretty picky about our pizzas!
We ordered a couple regulars as well as a gluten free pizza for my mom and it was easily the best GF pizza we've had anywhere in the valley (go figure!!
) 3 large pizzas plus a small order of fries that was actually quite large, ran about $50, fed 6 adults, 2 kids and provided ample leftovers.
It would definitely be cheaper if you're not needing gluten free.
Sure, it's slightly annoying that they only take cash but they do have an ATM in the lobby if you don't plan ahead.
The water tasted terrible.
(Maybe that's just a City of Mesa thing?
) so bring your own or just buy a pitcher of soda for $5.
Aside from those 2 negs., I would definitely recommend Organ Stop and I will most definitely return!

A totally earned one star review.
Avoid this joint if you have children, and here is why:  DESPITE the Az Central 2009 award for "Kid Friendly Destination" maybe somebody from AZ Central should have seen if they have your basic kids cup.
You know, the kind that is not 16oz+ and has an actual lid...
Unless you want your kid wearing their drink, you get the idea.
Now the funny part, when I complained at the restaurant the excuse was "We don't have a license for that type of cup.
"  Apparently the Pepsi people have to collect some money to allow them to have that type of cup.
If that is true, they should get the license.
Duh...  Of course, when I voiced my displeasure on my check-in, it cross posted to Twitter, and the reply was altogether different.
A 144 character line of baloney about how if they had kids cups, somebody could put beer or wine into it and drive away.
I did not have the heart to tell them that neither their beer, wine or food is good enough to "sneak out" of the premises.
Seriously, this is about as stupid as a pizza place that does not have a knife for you to cut the pizza for your kid.
Oh wait, here is another miss.
You see, these guys just don't get it.
The organ music is nice, but NOT worth the brain damage of visiting a business run by clowns.

Great music and the pizza has gotten much better over the last few years.
If you are looking for great entertainment for "kids of all ages" and quality pizza, this is the place.

A truly unique dining experience!
A must for any music lover!
I celebrated my mom's birthday with family and friends.
The pizza we had was good.
The salad bar was fresh.
The ice cream for dessert was premium.
The highlight, of course, was the music.
The organist has the capability to play anything.
I am sure there are exceptions, but he handled many of the requests we submitted and played music I would have not thought possible with the organ.
He played big band music, Broadway musicals, movie music including Disney songs and symphony music, as well as some pop songs (Michael Jackson's Thriller).
Music included lights, a cat puppet show for the song "Alley Cat", and even bubbles for "Under the Sea".
Conversation was difficult during the music show, but that's to be expected and did not detract from our enjoyment.
All food/drink purchases are cash/debit only.
There is a gift shop with t-shirts, CDs, etc.
as well.

Organ Stop Pizza is a childhood favorite of mine.
We visited this location as well as the downtown Phoenix location before it for years.
Now that I live in the far west valley, it's been, easily 10 years since I last visited OSP.
We happened to be in the neighborhood for a Convention so we brought a large group of friends to experience OSP themselves.
First things first, this place is visited by a lot of retirees.
And by a lot I'd say that we were the youngest group there by at least 50 years...and the glares to the kids in our group did not go unnoticed.
But our kids are all very well behaved despite the daggered looks from those who forget what it's like to have children.
Speaking of children, OSP is not very kid-friendly when it comes to certain areas that we apparently take for granted.
There are no cups with lids on them at all.
We were informed that they need to have a special 'license' for that from Pepsi.
This is news to me as I've worked with Pepsi for years and know of no special license.
The excuse was that they were afraid that people would take the kid cups, put alcoholic beverages in them and walk out of the restaurant.
um...WHAT?
Additionally, if you have a child who requires his pizza cut up into smaller pieces, good luck trying to find a knife there.
There was 1 and I mean o-n-e (1) butter knife in the whole restaurant that we practically had to sign over our first born child in order to use.
I'm pretty sure that the retirees aren't looking to shank each other in the parking lot so to have to play verbal judo with the staff to use a standard utensil was really ridiculous.
The restaurant is now cash-only.
This means no debit or credit cards are taken but they conveniently have an ATM machine located in the lobby to not only dispense cash but charge a hefty $3 fee to use.
If you want to have a refill on your drink, there is a charge for that too.
Buying drinks by the pitcher is fine but it's soda...seriously?
The pizza is alright, the salad bar is 1 trip only and is sparse at best.
The single saving grace of it all is the Organ.
The piece de resistance.
This is a good thing and a bad thing because given all that I've described, its simply not enough for me to drive an hour out of my way for an otherwise aggravating time between musical sets.
While you're there, it makes those aggravating occurrences not quite so bad though because it's such a unique, memorable, interesting experience.
I loved OSP as a child and enjoyed so many wonderful, memorable visits.
Unfortunately, it's not always enough.

If you go for the pizza you're doing it wrong.
It's not very good.
1 or 2 star pizza at a five star place.
But sub par pizza is still pizza so it ain't all bad.
We got our food really quick and stayed for about an hour an half to watch some kind of mad genius play something that looked liked the cab on an old steam powered locomotive!
He controlled a little mechanical bird that chirped notes to certain songs from that thing!
The future has truly arrived!
Do you hear me?
The future!!!!

This is not your typical place to go out to dinner.
They have a huge organ that a very skilled organist plays about a 15 to 20 minute set of music requests every hour or so.
Not my first choice for a dinner with family, but they were from out of town and my sister is a music major.
Needless to say she loved it.
The food is ok..
Nothing to write home about, but you aren't there for the food -you're there to hear the music!
Lots of kids lots of seating- I think it it would be hectic if we went on a weekend- we went on a Thursday and seating was easy to find for a group of 5.

One word: Kitsche.
I was looking for a fun dinner "experience" to treat my daughter to.
This place comes up in every family dining guide and I guess it's because only kids under 7 would not be completely horrified by this place.
First of all - cash only.
You stand in line to order.
The food is overpriced and very sub-par.
You have to cram yourself in on a bench next to strangers (unless you have a group big enough to take up the whole table - maybe 6-10people?).
You will probably lose your seat if you need to get up and order another drink or use the restroom.
The organ plays...
Interesting...
Pieces of music.
It *is* cool to see how different parts of the room sync with the organ/music as it plays.
However it was not worth the overall experience of being smushed next to strangers, overpaying and eating bad food.
I will admit - my daughter was enthralled by the "finale" song of each set - where they blow bubbles and the disco ball comes out and it's like a 2minute party in the room.
But again... Not worth it.
It's 2 min of smiles and 60min of torture.

