After having a terrible experience with Just Brakes I decided to get a second opinion from this business.
I found out that my repairs were actually half of what I previously quoted.
I will be returning to this place for future brake needs.

I have been to this store with two different cars over the years.
The car I took in today has always been to the dealer because I have free oil changes.
The brakes needed service according to the dealer, but I did not want to drive into downtown PHX.
Brake Masters took a look and said that I didn't need new pads, just resurfacing of the disc rotors.
The dealer would have told me new pads and rotors.
$189 at Brake Masters, over $600 at the dealer for work that was not necessary.

Quick, friendly, and reliable!
I usually get my oil changed at Walmart for the convenience, but sometimes I get a coupon via text (yes, I signed up for these so it's okay), or sometimes I need other services for my car.
They are close by and I always get right in.
I'm glad I went in this day... Walmart had a line and the text deal was great at $17.95!
Brake Masters got me right in.
Oh, they also noticed a belt was going bad.
I thought maybe they were trying to up sell me, but the mechanic brought the old belt in for me to check it out (I didn't ask him to, but it brought peace of mind!).
Unrelated to the actual service, the water from the fountain was so good!
Tap water in AZ is pretty nasty so whatever filters they have work wonders, lol.
AND the energy drink was a nice touch to my day.
Thanks!

Prices were competitive.
No problems with service except when I called I was quoted $89 and then later was given a different price ($125.
) When I asked about the discrepancy they 2nd guy said the first quote was for a subpar product (pads) and he did not recommend using that product.
I would prefer that additional counsel during my first quote.
I felt this practice was a little shady.
Also, their hours are only until 5:30pm.
For a service industry this seems insufficient.
It definitely was for me.
I had difficulty coordinating with their limited schedule and had to coordinate rides to leave my vehicle overnight.

So, I had to get some brake work done and found out my rotors needed to be replaced as well.
I was tight on money at the time so he gave me a breakdown of what % I had left on both my front and back brakes.
Went with the immediate needed brakes in the back and the rotors and agreed I would be back in 2 wks for the front ones which still had some time on them.
i appreciate when I don't get the run around.... go figure right?
People actually appreciate honesty and not getting hustled for their money !
Anyway, they were super helpful and had me in and out in no time.
I will be back for those front brakes.... damn cars.

I will be the first to admit that I know absolutely nothing about cars and put my trust into brake masters based on previous experience with them and their reviews on various websites.
My car had been doing a strange thing where it would suddenly feel like it was going into neutral for no reason at all when I would attempt to accelerate and my check engine light was on as well.
My husband took it in for a routine repair as I was at work at the time.
They quoted many things that needing to be done, citing the main problem to be that the coolant temperature sensor needed to be repaired.
Sure.
I pay to have that done as well as some other maintenance which they assured me was necessary hose replacement, a radiator flush, corroding on the battery... alright.
80,000 miles seems like the time to do those kind of things.
Things are fine for a couple of days.
Then, out of the blue, my car does the whole going into neutral thing and then stops altogether in the middle of the road.
I know that I have a "warranty" on all labor (yeah, right)  so I take the car in.
I have already paid these people an astronomic amount of money for all of their "labor" and clearly if the original problem is not fixed, they will fix it for me right?
Wrong.
"Well, it shows me the crank sensor is damaged"  So... Why was that not fixed before?
"I'm just not sure if that is what it is...."  So I'm thinking  to myself, then why did you tell me it was the coolant temp sensor if that's not what the original problem was...  Basically he doesn't know what is wrong with the car....
I take it to another mechanic who tells me that they did a bunch of completely unnecessary work (hoses are fine for many more miles), coolant temp sensor has nothing to do with what was originally wrong with my car, basically they totally scammed me and I fell for it.
I then try and get some type of reparation from them as all of the "labor" that went into the car was all for nothing and it is still having the original problem.
They tell me that the manager will call me later tonight.
I wait.
Its almost closing so I call again.
New guy.
"Oh, the manager is out of town until Thursday..."   I know that they are trying to get me to relent and just let it go at this point, but I have no intention of doing that.
They may  be brake "masters" but clearly this is  the only thing that they should be doing and I'm not sure why I was assured of anything otherwise.
Please, do not let them scam you.

Popped by without an appointment.
Gordon and team was cordial at the least.
Price quoted was the price charged.
Gordon went through with me the result of 21 point inspection.
Repairs were completed at promised time.
The place was clean and organised.
Was allowed to used my student discount.
Will recommend, and will return again!
^_^  Xx

Went in to get my allignment taken care of.
Every time ive gone they have taken great care of me and my car.
Definitely recommend if you like great prices and friendly staff.
Also, plenty of places to grab a bite or hang out while your waiting.

I've been bringing my car into Brake Masters for simple oil changes for years!
Never an issue... Actually, they've always been the ones to let me know an issue may be coming in the near future.
Never pushing to repair or digging deeper into my pockets - always simply giving me a heads up in case I decide to repair.
Yesterday a bad battery AND alternator left me stranded on the highway with my newly purchased SUV.
I requested Brake Masters install my provided replacement alternator, to which they agreed and did successfully.
It was in the midst of the replacement job that Brake Masters went above and beyond.
Autozone -- where I bought the alternator -- charged me for the correct part and supplied me with the wrong one.
Jason at BM took care of all the transferring and switching needed to get the alternator in the building so the car would be ready for me before closing.
I will definitely be back for anything else I need in the future.
Thank you, BM.

