This Wal-Mart can be summed up in one word: Dirty.
This has to be the oldest Wal-Mart in the Mesa/Phoenix area and you can tell before you even step foot into the store!
For starters, the parking lot looks like a 'stop-n-swap' meet where everyone brings their junk and sets it up in the back of their cars.
There is trash everywhere and everything is rundown.
Then you go into the store and the flooring is old and gross, the lighting is bad and it has a weird smell.
If you happen to need something and you can't find another store near by, this Wal-Mart still has great Wal-Mart prices and the people working and shopping there are really nice.
BUT!
Do not use their self checkouts!!
You have been warned!
Here's what happened to me:   I scanned two items that I kept in the cart so I pushed that "I do not want to bag this item" twice, the scanner was having a really hard time picking up the bar codes so I had to very slowly repeat my waiving motion over the lasers.
Any ways, I get to my next item and it's super light so when I put it in the bag it was like "would you like to bag this item" and since it wasn't picking it up, I just hit the "I do not want to bag this item" button again.
Well...that was the 3rd item I didn't want to bag so it triggered an alert and I needed a 'Store log in" The attendant was helping someone else so I sat there...and sat...until the guy came and fixed it for me.
Then I got to scan my next item (super glue) - I guess super glue is a controlled item because, again, I needed an override.
Okay, I finish up checking out and request $100 back...bad idea I come to find out - the machine only gives me half the change in $10s, but it's still making noises like it's trying to get money out to me.
I call my helper over and he kicks the machine and it shoots out two $5s...the thing sounds like it's dying...so my helper calls over to a coworker, who comes over and says "Well you've got to kick it, did you kick it yet" So apparently this happens a lot.
I think at the thought of being kicked again the machine spits out the rest of my change in $5s, in a mad panic and falls silent.
What an experience.

I was happy to find a couple pairs of purple slacks--which I hadn't seen in there for years, but on the way out I slipped in a puddle of what appeared to be spilled soap.
I didn't fall, just slid, but it scared me.
Yikes!
There was only one person ahead of me in line so as soon as she was done I notified the cashier about the spill.
He didn't look too concerned so I added, "If an older person falls in that it's automatic broken bones.
"  Still no reaction.
"Guaranteed" I said.
He proceeded to ring up my 4 items.
As one, then two more customers came up behind me, I warned them to watch out for the puddle.
After I paid, he hollared to someone to get somebody over for a cleanup.
I went to find a manager.
At customer service the gal wouldn't call a manager but listened to me relate the situation.
I told her, the safety of your customers should have been more important than me, than ringing up my sale before cleaning it up or marking it to warn others.
I was willing to wait.
I still didn't feel like was being taken seriously so here I am telling it again.
Is anybody listening?

This location is closest to my house, but like the other reviewers, this is a really rundown, raggety, dirty, smelly location.
There are some really nice people that work here, but that doesn't always cut it.
It's always busy, with never enough cashiers.
And talk about 'People of WalMart'!!!
This place is crawling with some real pieces of work.

READ MY WORDS PEOPLE: DO NOT GET YOUR VEHICLE WORKED ON IN ANY WAY AT THIS LOCATION!
They had my vehicle in  for a simple oil change and an hour later it was torn apart with no end in sight.
I had to take the unbolted pieces  home myself and reinstall them.
They moved slower than slow and  between 6 of them.....they were all on breaks at one time.
I actually had to rescue my vehicle from them!
As an ex- mechanic of twenty years, i have a keen sense of  clueless repair people and this was a graduating class.
Stocking shelves....fine but trusting them with your vehicle is a no go.
I have dealt with knowledgeable techs at other locations but this location really needs an overhaul.
Steer clear and hopefully someone who cares in the management dept there will see this!!
Ruined my whole day !

Just go to Fry's just a little further eat off baseline and gilbert rd.
this place is awful.

I was appalled by the lack of customer service here.
Went into this particular Walmart because I was looking for a spice that was only sold a few places in town.
1st tip, don't ever go here on the weekends.
It is so packed you would think they were giving away free food.
The spice was not on the rack so I asked an employee if they could check to see if they had it.
The employee proceeded to ask the manager on duty.
He blatantly told me that he was too busy and that he wouldn't know when he would be able to find that out for me.
WOW.
Are you serious?
Then he proceeded to go on about his way.
I asked him how long I would have to wait and he said he didn't know and that he would page someone to see if they are still on the clock to help me.
After waiting about 20 min he turns around and says, "oh, didn't know you were still actually waiting.
" And this is their manager?
A young man with blonde hair and glasses.
Anyways I hope to God I will never have to shop there again

