I found my dog, Quincy, at the PRAH.
He was one of their rescued puppies.
He loved the staff and is one of the most confident dogs I've ever met.
He was obviously treated extremely well by their staff!
I could especially tell they really loved their patients/animals because I was screened to see if I was a good fit for him and when we left they were all sad to see him go.
Plus for a mere $300 that we paid we got our wonderful Quincy, neutered, microchipped and all his shots done.
I would recommend PRAH to anyone in the area near or far.

Alter a 14 month leave of being a client, I have returned!
I lost my beloved Norton to oral melanoma in October 2009.
Norton was always cared for by Dr. Kevin Butler who was wonderful and kind.
I just adopted Howie on December 16th and found myself back at Power Road Animal Hospital because of the caring staff.
Dr. Butler has moved out of state and I find myself with Dr. Stephens.
Dr. Stephens actually performed Norton's emergency surgery and biopsy right before Norton passed away.
He was compassionate and knowledgeable sooooo he is stuck with me and Howie.
Upon his wellness exam on the day of his adoption, Dr. Stephens was so very thorough and excited with Howie's health.
This is a big step for me to adopt again and a thrilling yet fun experience.
Once I had Howie home, I noticed some lumps on his neck.
I rushed him back and Howie had ticks.
I adopted him from the pound and it is quite normal for them to have bugs unfortunately.
And just 2 days ago I called and Howie had developed a dry hacking cough.
Dr. Stephens immediately returned my phone call and he explained so clearly that he had kennel cough.
I picked up a 2 week antibiotic and he was very clear that Howie was not to have any of his boosters or be neutered until he was healthy.
The exact way I felt.
I am so pleased to have a Dr. for Howie that has his best interest and health first.
Thanks Dr. Stephens and thanks to Nicole who is so amazing as well!!

Brought our 17-year old cat here because his quality of life was deteriorating rapidly and it was time.
I've never had to do this before, but I found the entire staff here to be compassionate and very helpful throughout the process.
They explained the entire process to me, offered several different options and even took a plaster paw print of the cat for the kids to remember him by.
They also sent us a sympathy card with a small story inside that helps explain to children where pets go when they die.
This animal hospital was recommended to us by a friend who has been using them for some time now, and I would highly recommend this facility to anyone.
The prices were also very reasonable.

Howie John has a small allergy problem and was scratching his eye.
I called and they got me an appointment within 20 minutes.
Dr. Stephens is the best.
HJ just loves him and he makes you feel like a special Mom.
He ran a die test on his eye to make sure there was corneal scratch and gave us meds.
He complimented HJ on his good behavior.
Would trust this Dr. with any of my animals.
Thanks for being so kind and understanding!!

Very happy with the service I receive here.
This is our 3rd visit in 4 months with 3 different dogs, lol!
Very nice, friendly, clean office.
Would like to see some more clinic prices, especially for routine stuff.
Very happy and hope to do business for a long time here.

We've been here twice and both times walked out paying over a hundred dollars for something that "might" have cleared up on it's own.
If you really need to take your pet to the vet and have money to blow, then go here but I'm sure you can find the same care if not better at a better price.
EVERYTHING is extra, the $45 dollar visit fee pretty much covers you walking in the door.
The service is fine but the price makes you wonder.

The service was great and friendly, and can't complain.However, Over the phone the office told me that the price for all vaccinations for my puppy would be around $120 for all 3 shots.
Upon checkout, to my surprise we see that the cost is $114 for each visit for a $356 grand total.
That is not ethical business, and we will find a place that is more honest about their pricing.

This is a great place for all of your veterinary care.
Exceptional staff  who are caring , compassionate and helpful.
My dogs have been been well taken of care from simple exams to more advanced treatments for my senior dog "Tails".
The Vets genuinely love and care for your pets and take time to listen to your concerns.
Drs.
Betsy King and Sarah Robinson are very up to date with current technolgy and health trends for your pets.A great 5 star facility with a touch of kindness.I have met people in the waiting area who travel hours  from other cities to bring their pets to Power Animal for the great care.And they have told me " it's worth the drive".

This place is awesome!
I was recommended here by a family member and couldn't be happier.
I am my dogs parent and I do everything to keep them healthy and safe.
Shot on time, extras if needed, etc...
This place has never pushed anything that was not needed.
I have even had phone conversations with the vet, that allowed me to treat without heading into the office.
Yes, I respect my dogs and the vets their, and they do the same for good owners.
Debbie and Jordan in the boarding are amazing!
All the front office girls are amazing, the vets are amazing!
I wish I could name everyone, but they know who they are.
My puppies Leona and Oreo love heading over and I would never hesitate at anything they recommended, as I know they have the best interest of my pets in mind!
Great Great Staff, professional clean, respectful and vauable!

My mom has used them for her small dog from the time she moved here.
I am taking my pets on the first Tuesday in September.
Every time I have taken my moms dog, the whole crew has been great, from the doctors to the front staff.
When I take her dog in to get shoots they never charged an exam fee.
I saw another person say they charged them.
I also saw another person say that the "daycare" asked for them to prove the Frontline was from a vet and put it one at the office.
I say good for them.
There is several cases of counterfeit medications for pets and even products for humans.
If it came down to my animal possibly getting Lyme disease or a flea infestation and paying extra to prevent it.
Hands down it would be pay.
I do think they are a tad bit more expensive then other places, but like everything in life you get what you pay for.
You would not go to a "cheaper doctor" for your kids/ self.
So why would you for your animals.
I know they will be great with my babies.

The folks at Power Road Animal Hospital are the best of the best!
The quality of care is top notch - they really care, and it shows in the way all the Vets and support staff treat our pets.
They're gentle with our pets, and you can see in the way they interact with their patients that they love what they do and are expert at it.
Very, very professional, yet down to earth.
Vet care isn't cheap anywhere, but they're cost conscious here - without compromising quality.
Even when the charges have been more than I anticipated, I've never, ever felt "ripped off".
We have 6 dogs and 3 cats and have been going here since they opened - I wouldn't consider going anywhere else.

Would like to take a moment to tell of the positive experience we have recently encountered with this clinic.
We have an approximately 15 y/o cat with apparent extensive dental decay who presented with an inability to close her mouth, excessive drooling.
Our routine vet was unwilling to assess the cat without charging a ridiculous $70 additional charge for an "emergency visit.
"  After a quick call to Power Road Animal Hospital, we were scheduled to see the vet within a few hours.
We left with antibiotics, pain medication, and a plan to return for more extensive evaluation under sedation.
(Turns out, the cat did not take fondly to having her jaws pried open for an oral exam--go figure.
)  Fees for the visit were reasonable, and there was not any pressure to purchase unnecessary supplies, testing, etc.
Contacted the clinic regarding scheduling for follow-up exam, and the front office staff was great in noting our concerns and communicating with the doctor.
We took the cat back within two days for her oral exam and cleaning.
Dr. Darger was more than patient in meeting with us during the AM of the procedure, and was quite reasonable in addressing any concerns that we had regarding how to proceed with care.
Given her advanced age, I did not want to put the cat through any unnecessary trauma in the event that there were some surprise medical findings which would make the dental treatment of minor importance.
Once the cat was under and a more complete evaluation could be done, Dr. Darger contacted me by phone to let me know that the cat had extensive dental disease and that he would proceed as previously discussed.
My husband picked the cat up, and the charges were very appropriate.
I had been provided a written quote with a range of charges previously, so there was some expectation regarding cost; however, the procedure was less than expected and came in on the low-end of the quote.
The clinic even discounted the cost of the antibiotics, since we had purchased antibiotics day or so prior and had remaining supply.
Admittedly, this is my first experience with this facility; however, I am strongly considering transferring the care of all of our pets to this clinic.
There is much to be said about being able to communicate easily with the vet, having accessibility to care when needed, and not being inundated with unnecessary charges.
Thank you, Power Road Animal Hospital.

It looks like all of the bad reviews that were on here previously got removed?
How did that happen?
This place is horrible.
I can't re-live my experiences here again, but the staff here are horrendous.
I have talked to other clients who left horrified as well.
If you care about your animals at all, please, please stay away from here.

Sadly our first visit to Power Road Animal Hospital was to end the suffering of our sweet German Shepherd.
PRAH came recommended by a friend as our usual vet wasn't in the day we had let our baby go and we did not want to have her suffer through one more day.
First, PRAH was very accommodating in getting us in.
Once we were in the front desk rep covered our options and once we signed off on the papers she went over it one more time to confirm...of course facing this procedure ones mind can often be focused elsewhere.
This helped ensure that we were indeed cognizant of what we were opting for.
During the whole process the staff, especially Dr. Darger were very compassionate and sympathetic; treating our girl with extreme care, grace and dignity during a difficult procedure.
(difficult for us to face at least) The cost was extremely reasonable and even included a nice clay paw imprint.
I would highly recommend PRAH.

UPDATE: a couple of days after this we received a very sincere and personalized sympathy card.
This was a card that the staff wrote a personalized message to us, not a generic card that with just their signatures.
PRAH is really top notch!
Thanks again for the terrific service and compassionate treatment during a difficult time.

Dr Darger, Kristy, and his entire staff are the absolute best!
They go above and beyond, he'll call you and "counsel" you over the phone, he doesn't require you making unnecessary trips if he can give you advice over the phone and has even had prescriptions called in for me to avoid me having to bring them in for an office visit.
Kristy also takes calls and gives recommendations.
They definitely care and don't just immediately tell you that you need an office visit if it isn't necessary.
Dr Darger's energy is contagious, he LOVES animals, and I am confident my dogs have the very best care out there.
They also get you in last minute if you have an emergency situation.
They MAKE the time.
They truly want what is best for your furry baby.
I would drive a great distance if necessary to stay with this vet because I have the utmost confidence and respect for them.

