We had eaten here once last season and it was excellent.
Decided to take hubby there for his birthday dinner.
We both had excellent meals and could not be happier.
His steak was tender with a delicious port sauce over it.
I had the chicken pasta dish with a sauce that was delicious.
Has a very knowledgable waitress, Lynn, and very efficient lady.
You will not be disappointed with your meal.... or your waitress.

I grabbed a very late lunch in the Anna's lounge portion and was pleased.
Service was very friendly and efficient.
It seems the place is stacked with regulars coming off of the course.
They have a few good beers on tap like Kilt Lifter, so you can't complain.
Their scotch selection looks very good, but it also looks like the kind of place that may not sell a ton of the good stuff and thus let it go past its prime easily.
Yes, liquor has a prime when it's opened.
I simply got a diet coke, which was refilled quickly, and a club sandwich with fries.
The fries were only okay - standard, slightly oily but hit the spot.
The club sandwich was quite tasty, and had all of the essentials.
Perfectly adequate sandwich.
I don't have anything bad to say whatsoever, but I also cannot praise it because I had a pretty simple meal.

I cannot understand how the other yelpers could give this place good reviews.
My family and I went for lunch yesterday -- there were 6 of us.
Prices are not cheap, so you would expect some decent menu offerings and good food.
However, this was not the case.
I ordered some deep fried calamari as an appetizer with a so called lime-chili dipping sauce.
The calamari was tough and very bready, and dipping sauce came out of a bottle -- very disappointing.
I also ordered a chef's salad.
Not a very good offering of salad materials and my ham and turkey topping was pressed deli crap, not real turkey meat or ham.
My friend ordered a prime rib sandwich.
Meat was not prime -- tough and tasteless and perhaps USDA Select grade of meat.
My granddaughter ordered breakfast and her bacon was cold and tough, like it was left out and cooked yesterday.
My son ordered Buffalo wings as an appetizer -- nothing special.
And he also ordered a supreme club sandwich.
Not very supreme with respect to its ingredients and they used plain white bread.
Grandson ordered some pasta primavera with shrimps -- he said it was rather tasteless.
And my DIL ordered a nondescript salad and some similarly nondescript egg rolls.
I have had better food at places like Chili's or Applebee's.

Went for dinner again.
Had a coupon that I needed to use.
Surprisingly, the dinner service and dinner menu options were better and better prepared.
Maybe different chef for dinner than for lunch?
Anyway, it was pretty good.
I would go again with another coupon, but not if I did not have a coupon.
Pretty pricey since everything is ala carte.

I had not eaten at Anna's in a number of years because of the decline in the quality of food and service.
After reading that the resort had changed ownership we decided to give give the restaurant a second chance.
BIG MISTAKE.
While the menu was more limited, the selections sounded appealing so I ordered the beef short ribs for $24.
What I got was ONE short rib which was mostly bone and fat served over a small mound of mashed potatoes with two thin carrots covered with gravy.
I won't be returning to Anna's any time soon.
There are plenty of other restaurants in that area with better food at much more reasonable prices.

I hate writing bad reviews, so much so that when I have a bad experience, I normally just don't write a review.
But this was just nuts.
Brought my whole family here tonight for my parent's anniversary dinner, 7 adults and 3 kids.
I happen to work across the street from this restaurant and thought it would be good to give it a try.
And it was rated so well on Yelp!!
We get here and are seated quickly thanks to our reservation.
We get waters from the nice bussers, but it ends up being about 20 minutes before someone comes around to take any drink order.
Red flag numero uno.
From then on, it's just one catastrophic circumstance after another.
*Apparently, as we were informed later on in the night, they only had ONE chef, although they had taken at least 4 reservations that we could see for parties of 10+.
*Also, there was no manager on duty.
At all.
On a weekend night, no less.
*Our server was brand new.
She was very nice, and apologetic for the disaster that was our dining experience.
Which we let her know was none of her fault.
How the management thought it a good idea to throw a brand new server on for large parties with no help is beyond me.
*They were basically out of everything.
If you google the menu, you will notice there is not an extensive list of options.
Great, fine with us.
But when four different people at our table are told that the selections they've made are out tonight (including my son's pick of MAC & CHEESE), then that's just unacceptable and further illustration of the poor management.
Due to all of these events and the unimaginable wait time between any kind of event (30-40 minutes between ordering and receiving anything, including drinks), we were pretty irritated by the end of our meal.
Added to that stress, the elderly table of 6 next to us was at the tale end of their similar experience, which lead them to complain quite loudly and argue at the table with a rather rude brunette server who was acting as a manager type and hearing them vent.
After which, they started to ask our table if we were satisfied and having as bad a night as them.
Ugh.
I will say that at the end of our meal, after my little brother (who has been a bartender for 6 years and was FUMING) tracked down a bartender named Ruben, we were finally given an explanation (ill managed and unprepared) and apology, and were taken care of for out trouble.
Ruben was very nice, and had great customer service skills.
And although we were nice and smiled through the whole ordeal, I felt bad that he had to face the brunt of all the angry patrons that night, which from my count, was everyone in the restaurant.
He's the reason there is an extra star in this review.
Ugh.
On advice per Ruben, I may try and muster up the gall to give this place another chance, provided on a different day and only with the server he suggested.
But, we have all been warned...

