We were so annoyed at the Scottsdale Hilton facility that we checked out a day early and went to Best Western Supersitition Springs Inn and Suites.
It was everything the Hilton had not been.
Wonderful bed, quiet room, extra cotton blanket, generous and delicious breakfast and really friendly staff.
We would recommend it highly and will stay there again.

The staff are incredible and the price and location is perfect.
The heated pool and spa were also welcoming.
Thanks again we shall return.
The Hammetts

We had to stay here for 2 weeks as our house was getting a rehab.
Since it was paid for, we really had no choice.
I will list good and bad.
First the good.
It is cheaper with great proximity to the mall and eateries.
The staff was really nice as well and always ready to help.
Now for the bad.
First...make sure you have your own internet.
It NEVER had consistent connections and we had to call multiple time to have the router reset.
It didn't work even when the phone registered as being connected.
I burned through 4 GB of data before I decided to run a data test.
The internet sucked.
The cleaning staff were always still cleaning late in the afternoon, so we either had to leave and come back or just sit in a dirty room.
Our room was right next to McDonald's drive thru.
Like 25 to 30 feet, not yards.
Its open 24 hours.
It is never quiet and on the weekend, you would get the drunks and kids hanging in the parking lot,  not to mention vagrants hanging near the hotel.
The parking lot was always congested with drive thru,  parking lots, and hotel parking.
The trash men came at like 5:30 in the morning never allowing for a good night sleep.
The hotel a.c. was either too warm or too cold.
All in all, it may be a good stay if very very very short term and you are not near the drive thru.
You get what you pay for.
There is a pool and Jacuzzi but most of the time tou either had a dump load of young kids or adults that were loud and drinking.

You've got to be kidding me.
Old and noisy.
Noisy air conditioners, and right up against a Denny's and McDonald's.
Convenient to the mall (and those two pillars of fine dining), but I did not come for the mall.
I came for family nearby and booked a room with advertised wi-fi.
Which is pretty much nonexistent.
And a day without water.
Really?
Arizona, late April, 90 degrees.
Great bargain rates, but not worth the price.

Good location: Next to the mall and many fast food restaurants and sit down places.
Easy check-in:Less than 10 minutes.
Clean room: NO BED BUGS.
I always worry about that.
In room ammenities: Fridge and microwave!
Convenient!
The room was actually way quieter than I thought it would be considering we were on the McDonald's side of it.
Its not the Ritz, but I was tired and it worked out.

