I went to this Dental Practice from a referral and it was a bad decision.
The staff is unprofessional, unorganized and amazingly enough they don't smile.
The appointment schedule was chaos and no one seemed to know what I should have been scheduled for.
The Dentist was nice but the Oral Surgeon (Evan Gold) is as unprofessional as the staff he works with.
He lacks bed side manner and his procedures cost more than most other oral surgeons in the valley (after doing some investigating).
The best thing that happened to me was they botched my appointment for surgery after almost of two months of scheduling.
I was able to find a Oral surgeon who explained to me the fraudulent nature of this practice.
Lesson Learned.

My insurance provider auto selected this dentist for me.
I tried making an an appointment after 3 pm as I like most people have a full time job.
They didn't have appointments available for about a month and even then the receptionist gave an attitude saying "ugh everyone wants afternoon appointments".
Um does she realize that in order to have insurance you need a job?
And in order to have a job you need to show up for work and actually put in hours?
As soon as I heard this I stopped her and told her never mind and immediately switched my primary dentist.
I am a very easy person to satisfy all I ask is be professional and provide excellent customer service.
You would think when having a business that relies so heavily on its customers you would cater to their needs and be VERY selective on who you have working directly with your customers.... its a make or break decision.

I had a really good cleaning here a few days ago.
My dental hygienist was amazing.
She spent so much time getting into every nook and cranny!
She was especially good with answering all my questions.
The issue I have with this place is appointment times.
Because of a Groupon deal they were offering, several months back, it was agonizing to get a follow up appointment.
In the first appointment, all I could get was my x-rays and fitting for the whitening trays.
I had to schedule a separate appointment for the actual cleaning.
Also with my class schedule, it is really difficult taking an appointment in the middle of the day.
Susan managed to squeeze me in in between semesters.
In the meantime, between the first visit  (March) and now, I wound up having them email the x rays to my dentist back home in NY and got my cleaning there in April because they didn't have an opening until August.

It's amateur hour here.
I've never seen this level of incompetence at a medical office.
The office manager should be fired yesterday.
Our insurance company assigned this office-shaped toilet to us for our dental needs, so we went in for a cleaning.
A few days later, cavity fillings.
And a week or so after that, wisdom teeth removal.
Why did we keep going back you ask?
I have no idea.
Perhaps it was the devil in me that kept saying, "This must be a one-time deal.
Nobody is this incompetent.
"  The devil in me is a liar.
Each appointment, they'd call the day before to confirm the appointment time.
EACH time, they quoted a wrong time.
So we'd say fine, we'll just go at the time you're telling us we were supposedly scheduled for.
Then, each visit, we'd get there and the lady at the front desk would tell us a completely different time than 1) what we had actually scheduled, and 2) what the lady confirming on the phone gave us.
Needless to say, we spent a lot of time stewing in corners waiting for our names to be called over these three visits.
And to add insult to injury, they actually charge YOU if you're late.
There's a word for that.
I'm sure I'll think of it later.
On the third visit, while my wife was getting her wisdom teeth out, the billing dept.
came out twice after I'd paid to tell me they'd screwed up and hadn't charged me the right amount.
I began to wonder if I should be in the room with my unconscious wife.
Images of an amateur surgeon with a perplexed expression on his face saying, "Oops.
One more do-over..." flitted through my mind.
So after paying for each visit and enduring the rampant idiocy, we'll never have to deal with them again.
False!
I got a bill in the mail from them saying I owe several hundred dollars with only "Balance Forward" for an explanation, that it's been due over 90 days, and we also owe them late fees.
Judas Priest, Elegant Smile.
It's like you're trying to piss me off.
So, boys and girls, the lesson of this story is to avoid An Elegant Smile Dentistry like you would any other plague on humanity.

My daughter & I just had the worst expierence at this dentist office, ever!
The front desk asked me to fill out an 'update' and promptly pulled my 14 yr old MINOR child to the back to 'get started'  I completed the form in a matter of seconds and returned to the desk looking to find someone....not a soul at the front desk.
Ok....
I leave it there turned upside down and patiently wait to reunite with my child.
Nothing.
No one.
Tick-tock...  Ok... 10 minutes later my daughter appears through the frosted office door accompanied by an employee....FINISHED with the appointment.
I had no chance to console her (she hates dentists), ask questions to the doctor or hygienist or the front desk for that matter!
To put the icing on the cake- the employee (no name tag: Krystal is what my daughter heard her say her name was) handed me an appointment card with her 6 month checkup that was made without my knowledge or even a question as to IF that date/time would work for us...........
Seriously!?!
I did call the office manager SHERRY and she was rude and unempathetic!
I did have a positive expierence at the MESA office about 3 years ago....so- of course i went back.
3 years ago I had Aetna ins.
and also mercycare as a back up and we were treated wonderfully!
Ironic it is, that THIS time the only insurance that i have is MERCYCARE.
WOW What a difference!
I will be addressing the ADA as well as the BBB in a formal letter.
I will not return here and i do not recommend this place.

