By far, way better service than the ones in the Bay Area!
Our waiter, Rachel, was very warm and friendly, and anticipated all of our needs...from drink refills to when our entrees will be ready ("just a few more minutes"), she was never late with anything.
And if you're on a health kick / lifestyle change like me, order the Linguini Marinara.
Even the version with whole wheat noodles was deliciosoo!

Shame on me for going to a chain Italian joint, but we were in the area and soup salad and breadsticks sounded good.
I have not been to an Olive Garden for maybe 7 or so years, and WOW have they gone downhill.
Food is ok, not good.
Service was poor at best.
Waited for drinks, waited for food, waited for check much much longer than we should have.
Learned my lesson and will not be going back (to this location anyway.

So, my wife received a $50 gift card for Olive Garden from her work for christmas.
We decided to finally use it.
We never really go here, we feel there are plenty of other better options.
The breadsticks were not good.
I remembered liking them in the past but they just tasted bad.
I had the chicken parm and same thing.
Just not good.
My wife had a pasta dish and was not thrilled either.
We both ate maybe half our plate.
The check came out to like $28.
We decided to leave our waitress a $22 tip, not because the service was great because it wasn't, but because we plan to NEVER return there.
Too many other places to go that are good!

My trips to various Olive Gardens (most in MN) have varied in satisfaction, but my recent trip to this one was phenomenal.
We really lucked out by snagging a cafe table in the bar area because it was the height of dinner service with a 45 minute wait for a table for 4 otherwise.
The service was great from the beginning.
We had waters on the table before we were even settled in, and our unlimited soup, salad and breadsticks came out promptly.
The food was great...better than most OG locations.
The server kept a close eye on us, and even though he was busy, he communicated very well so we knew we were never forgotten about.
In the end, we were done with dinner and on our way out by the time we woud've been seated in the dining room.
Can't complain about that!
Recommendations: Make a reservation if you're going for dinner, or if you encounter a wait...scope out the bar.
You just might find an open seat!

This is one of the best Olive Garden's I've been to.
The waitress was very friendly and quick, she took our order right away and all of our food, including the salad and breadsticks, came out quickly.
The food itself seemed better than the other Olive Garden's too, whether it was cooked better or just had a better flavor I don't know but it just altogether tasted better.

We were seated fast.
At the time we entered (445pm) there was no wait.
By the time we left at 615pm, there was at least a 20 minute wait with 30+ people in the waiting room.
Once we were seated, it took about 10 minutes to get our drink order.
After that the service was prompt.
The waitress even brought a pitcher of rasberry iced tea to a location near us so she could keep my partners drink filled.
(Which he ended up drinking the whole pitcher).
The endless bread sticks and salad was nice.
I was bound and determined to be full by the time my plate came.
My plate was the Parmesan crusted biscette.
I asked for it medium, but it came rare.
Luckily I really like my meat rare and only order medium because I'm paranoid about food borne illness, so I didn't send it back.
Asparugus was awesom as well were the mashed potatoes, but I thought the portion size of the mashed potatoes was tiny for the price of the plate that I payed($17).
Overall good food, good service, and I'd go back here again.
Thanks.

Had a great meal with some friends.
Everything was great at the restaurant.
Love the breadsticks, by the way.
You can never have too many on the table!
Cut to 5 hours later waking up at 1 am to spend the next two hours vomiting violently.
Sea food + vomit = ROWDY!!!
Maybe it was my fault for ordering sea food in the desert???
Would normally give OG 4 stars but just can't do it this time.

Come here a lot.
Love the tilapia which my mom order.
My sister have the steak gorgonzola and she love it.
I like my berry freshca.
The food is great.
But the service is bad.
Usually the service is the best here.
But this time it is horrible.
The guy doesn't even care.
He let us wait and never come by and ask how we are.
I know they are busy but we never ask for anything.
Even when he bring put the dishes, he just shove it to our face while talk to the others.
Wow what a nice service attitude?

I decided to stop in to pick up something togo after church last Sunday.
The experience was ok.
The waitress who took our TOGO order were not friendly(they usually are).
The food is good but the service could be better.
We will go back though since it's one of our favorite italian restaurant.

I've been wanting to go here for a awhile but the line is always out the door and after finally eating there tonight I'm not sure why.
The food is mediocre at best in all honesty it tastes and looks like the food was microwaved.
My girlfriend remarked on our way out that "the best part of the meal was the after dinner mint"  Save your money for Carrabba"s which has much better food.

Yes, we go to Olive Garden!
But only with a coupon.
:) For a chain, we always have a consistent experience here.
The food is always hot and fresh,  the taste of the dishes are good, and the service is exactly in line with the corporate training.
What that means is if you like the place, you will almost always be pleased when you go back.
If you don't like it, well then don't bother coming back.
Also for some reason this place is always crowded at certain times.
Whenever there is a long line, we just don't eat here.
It's not that worth it.
But if we're in the mood for a good generic Italian type meal along with some salad and bread sticks, we go here.

Out dated decor, and stains on all the chairs.
Our waitress was way too speedy, slamming plates down, and glaring at all her other tables while talking to us.
The food was decent and was out in decent time.
We had a gift card, so we couldn't let it go to waste.

Maaan I'm not puttin No stars up, Ya'll close at 10 but giving me food at 9 looking like 10.
Service Bad at this one, damn how many times do I gotta ask for breadsticks & water refill.
Food looks like sum1 made it outta a box, shoot I could've made this, don't say I shouldve that's not the point, I come for 1 thing, it don't matter what time of day or Nyt food should look & taste the same....Olive Garden is good but Boo this one!!!
Skip my server also Craig, took his sweet ass time...smh....I guess I gotta put 1 dumbass star....the review was blank for a reason!

Service is always good and the place is always clean.
Honestly though, a craving for the unlimited salad, soup and breadsticks is the only reason we ever come to this place rather than going to Caraba's (or some other Italian place).
The rest of the food on the menu tastes like its been microwaved from frozen rather than actualy cooked to order.
Last time we went for lunch even the salad was sub-par because the lettuce was old and wilted.
We will go back because that was the first time that has ever happened...but if I ever get a bad salad again at this place the whole chain is off the list for good.

We got a to go order for alfredo and spaghetti.
The amount of sauce they put in the food was a joke.
It literally tasted like noodles with a hint of sauce.
We couldn't even save our leftovers because there wasn't enough sauce to save the noodles from becoming dried out and crunchy in the microwave.
When a place is charging $15 a plate for a basic pasta dish then they need to step it up a notch.
Id love to think this was a one off situation but it's not.
Oh, and if you try to ask for more sauce (ie, the normal portion) they'll try to charge you.

Still a solid choice for good food.
This restaurant has a strange odor?
Sort of a musty, sour smell?
Its not overwhelming, but instead of this location we will probably try another one from now on.
Food was good, service was good.

love this place!
always fast and good service and great food

Soup and salad all you can eat, it's worth it, but the rest is just ok.

Every bite of the fagioli soup.
I say mmmmmm.

service was kinda slow, they stuck us in the back seemed kinda weird because the place was empty, seemed a little rascist.
they forgot our silverware and salad and breadsticks took 20 minutes to arrive.

Olive garden is basically the cheap and fast food for Italian.
If you're expecting fine dining Italian, not the place, you're better off at Brio.
But if you want no non-sense, dirt cheap food at fast service, Olive Garden fills that roll.
They always have specials going on, so its best to go for that.
I went for 2 for $25.
That's unlimited soup and also salad, 2 entrees and your choice of desert or appetizer.
Salad is alright, just a house salad nothing special and also you can choose from 4 different soups and you change your soups.
I tried 3 of them.
They're not the best soups but they're not bad.
It is what is.
The entrees are alright too, good portions, the Seafood Lasagna had actual seafood and even the scallops are real and plentiful.
which was surprising to me.
Overall the quality and taste are sup-par nothing special.
But you already knew that.
everything is on the cheesy side if anything.
As long as you come go to Olive Garden with the right expectations, fast italian for cheap, you'll have a good dinner and a good experience.
If you're expecting fancy high class authentic Italian... you  will be disapointed  Pro Cheap italian food good selection unlimited soup and salad  Con generic tasting soups and pasta

Went in for lunch for the never ending pasta bowl our server Bonnie M. was incredible made me love the OG again.
Love the new asiago sauce and the chicken fritta .

We went to this location last night for my birthday.
Well it wasn't a very happy birthday.
Our server was Buddy and he wasn't very friendly.
He kinda just threw our stuff at us.
He seemed like he didn't want to be there.
His bad mood started to make me get into a bad mood.
My boyfriend had mentioned to him that it was my birthday and he didn't even ask if I wanted anyone to sing and bring out a dessert.
He didn't say anything about it.
No happy birthday.
Nothing about out costumes.
We actually had another sever come up to us and talk to us about our costumes and was super friendly.
I wish I had gotten his name and I wish we had him as a server.
My food was ok. My boyfriend said his pizza was terrible.
Overall last night was a horrible experience.
Now I know not to go to this location for a late dinner.

Olive garden is always a bit of a crap shoot when it comes to service, but this one is really impressive.
There is a dairy allergy in our group, I know I know we chose Italian, the wait staff made sure everyone was aware of it, the manager even came out to personally cover the dairy menu AND even offered to whip something up using what ever the kitchen had!
Simply outstanding, well done Olive Garden, we will definitely return!

So, let's start with the obvious first: Olive Garden's food is consistently decent.
Normally, the service is decent too, and worth the 15% tip.
But not last night.
Last night, we had the misfortune of getting assigned to server "Crag" (no, I didn't spell his name wrong, that's how it was on his name tag).
He seemed friendly enough, but getting our food was like pulling teeth.
When the tables around us (who had arrived after us, and had different servers) started getting their appetizers, I started looking for Crag to find out where our sodas were and to see what the status of our soup was.
We had to ask one of the other servers to have him come out to us.
He brought us our drinks, salad and breadsticks, but no soup.
It took another several minutes for him to show back up so I could ask for the soup again.
He expressed surprise that I wanted to be able to eat it before he took our main dinner order.
About a half hour later, we had to flag down another server to ask to have Crag stop by again so we could get refills; he still had not taken our meal order.
15 minutes of being ignored later, we had to ask another server to again get Crag for us.
When he showed back up at our table, we just asked for the check, and he brought it to us immediately, then disappeared.
10 minutes later, we asked another server if they could cash us out since Crag was gone again.
She happily took care of us right away.
The 1.5% tip I left Crag reflected the quality of his service (I also left a note on the receipt letting him know that he really needs to work on his follow-up).
I wish there was a way that I could have tipped the other wait staff who had to do Crag's work for him.
As I watched other customers being taken care of by other servers, I saw that the other servers were being attentive, and orders were flowing out to the tables.
I could tell which tables were Crag's, because the glasses were usually empty, as were the sparse dishes on the table.
I also noticed that Crag's other tables were having to ask other servers to have him come out to them.
I don't know what Crag's issue was last night, but when we return to this Olive Garden location, we will specifically request to not be sat in Crag's area.

A few weeks ago, I had previously written about a very disappointing failed dinner at this Olive Garden.
The experience was so bad that after 90 minutes of basically being ignored by our "server", we left without ordering dinner.
What a difference a couple weeks makes!
The food is still decent, but the service this time was exceptional.
Our server's name was Adam, and he was great.
Friendly, helpful, kept the drinks and breadsticks full.
His section was next to another server's, named Joey.
They seemed like they were covering each other's customers to make sure we all had a great experience.
As far as I could tell, all of the customers were happy.
So, congratulations Adam (and Joey) on redeeming your restaurant in the eyes of this customer.
We'll be back now, and we will make sure we ask for Adam or Joey.

Went back to this OG tonight.
Interesting show.
As I was walking up to the table, I saw server Crag (mentioned in my first review) was waiting on the tables around us.
So before he could greet us, I said to the others in my party "we need to get moved to a different section".
Apparently, the hostess had told someone else in my party that we had a different server, so we settled in and watched to see how things went.
Our excellent server tonight was Kayla.
She did a great job.
We gave her a diverse set of requests with our order, and she met all of them perfectly.
She was attentive, friendly, suggested several upgrades, and generally continued to restore my faith in this location (like Adam and Joey had done before her).
Her tip reflected it.
Meanwhile, I watched the tables around us get ignored by Crag again.
I thought it was sad that he was still working there, and still meeting his especially low level of expectations that he set for us when we were unfortunately sat in his section.
Except this time, there was a manager going around asking the tables if they were happy with their service and food.
The tables on both sides of us said the service was really slow and had some other complaints about wrong orders, unfilled glasses, and missing utensils.
One of the tables was seated at the same time as us, and in the entire time they were there, Crag showed up exactly twice.
The manager had to comp their meal.
Not sure how Crag is still working there, especially since there are so many good servers working there, and especially since Crag is costing them money now with his consistently bad performance.
Anyway, the food was good as usual.
I do recommend this location now, and if you ask for Adam's, Joey's, or Kayla's sections, you'll be very happy with the service.
One last point: kudos to the manager (I didn't get his name, but he had short blonde hair and was a consummate professional); he did a really good job of making the customers happy (especially Crag's victims), and he kept the dining room flowing.
Nice work!

So i have always been a great believer in giving praise where i see fit and i always figured that the reviews i read we mostly made by people just having a bad day.
Well let me tell you i am singing a different song these days!
I am now reading yelp before i go anywhere!
And i hope i can help out the future customers of Olive Garden on Southern and Superstition Spring Blvd!
First of all I called in to see if they were busy and Donna answered and she said there was no wait.
So i asked her if i could make a reservation anyway since it was a friday afternoon and i know they can get busy.
So she put us on the reservation for 4:30 for a table of two.
We arrive 2 minutes before our reservation and checked in with donna who we had spoken to on the phone.
Now she had already had an attitude as it was on the phone but i was willing to let that go.
I walk up to her and she doesn't even acknowledge me, just keeps writing on her paper so i tell her we have a reservation and its for 4:30 and she finally looks up and says ok, looks at her paper for all of 2 seconds this time and says there will be a 10 min wait.
I said fine and started to wait.
The room was packed and i noticed a lot of people getting seated before us but i figured this was because they were here before us.
So I played a game in my head where i memorized the customers that came in as i was waiting to see if they got seated before me.
25 min later 4 different groups of people that were groups of two, four, and five got seated all of who came AFTER us.
My husband went back up to Donna and asked if she knew when we would be seated and she snarked back that it would be ATLEAST 10 MORE MINUTES!!
K gotta say don't even bother making a reservation here or expecting the staff especially Donna to be cordial or even decent because as I sat there waiting for the 30 minutes I watched Donna and three other waiters roll there eyes and make faces at each other about the customers.
Now i understand that some customers can be pains in the asses thats a given but there us no reason to roll your eyes or reply rudely when a nice old man comes up to you and asks if he needs a buzzer!
I mean come on people have some common decency to treat others with some respect!
Needless to say we left after 30 min of waiting and we will not be returning to this location!

It's Olive Garden nothing spectacular, but out of all the olive gardens I've been to the service is pretty good and fast.
Usually come for the soup and salad combo or just some simple pasta and salad.
Love the unlimited salad, but I'm usually full before I even start my meal.

Danielle was the perfect server - always smiling and came around enough but not too much, made good suggestions and generally let us be silly, nearby table neighbors were great, food was fresh and tasty.
I had the crab topped chicken which was juicy and flavorful.
The man had ravioli something that was also tasty - fresh pasta and good meat sauce.
The salad and soup and breadsticks are always wonderful.
We also got the bruschetta which was really perfect - not specialty, not gourmet, just perfectly normal, fresh tasting tomato, basil and olive oil yumminess.
We also had a trio of their Dolcini desserts which made it perfect so we could have tiramisu and the limoncello and strawberry stuff!
Overall, even though it was really busy and we waited for about 20 minutes for a table (although 'waiting' in the bar having a drink hardly counts as waiting), with the excellent service and great food this place definitely gets 5 stars from me and for a chain restaurant that is definitely something!

Food was just ok.  Service lower than mediocre, but you get what you pay for, right?
We sat in the bar, and had to wait 5-10 minutes AFTER we sat down for the table to be cleaned.
And then the bus boy cleaned every table around ours before he realized it was our table that actually needed it.
The server was VERY chatty at another table so it took her a while to get to us.
And then she was VERY chatty with us and all we really wanted to do was order and get our lunch.
We had two kids meals and a salad.
The meat sauce is much too sweet for my liking and the kids pizza is kinda small, even for a kid.
The bread basket was very full (much to my kids liking) and the salad was sufficient.
(You do know what you're getting....).
I'll go back, but don't really expect my review to improve from the three stars.

Breakdown -- food and service:  Service.
The host promptly sat us asap.
Staff, waiter and more were excellent in their communication with everyone in our group.
Even with the bill (gift cards, cash, debit) -- they had no problems in making it all work.
I wish I had wait staff like this more often elsewhere!
Food.
The soup had little taste.
The dinner was blasé and non-interesting.
Whomever is cooking in the back room must have zero taste buds or no interest in using basics like salt/pepper or spices.
The texture of the tomato's, chicken, pasta and asparagus were all the same.
Only the pea pods had crunch left.
The salad was the only saving grace of the entire meal.
Unfortunately great service can't save the basics of unexciting food coming out of the kitchen.

We came here on Father's Day.
The food wasn't good at first because the noodles weren't cooked all the way!
HOWEVER, our server and the manager more than made up for it.
The manager had actually gone around earlier giving all the dad's a $10 gift card for next time.
When our server mentioned to him our uncooked noodles, he came over with freshly made dishes we had ordered to go and a cake we didn't order to show his apologies.
Great!
A few minutes later, the waiter came by and explained that everything was taken care of and we didn't have to pay anything.
Not for our drinks, not for the bread sticks, salad, my meal (which was different from the other three I was with and was actually fine)...nothing.
I was taken aback because I wasn't expecting it to be free.
I don't condone complaining about a place after you've ordered but the noodles were uncooked in the chicken alfredo.
We'll be coming back because my fiance loves Olive Garden.
I think they're all over priced and I personally feel I can make any of it much better and for cheaper, but hey she likes the bread sticks.

Disappointing.
I usually love this place but the hostess was rude and the waitress wasn't the nicest either.
On top of it, I ordered something new-the tilapia and shrimp.
It smelt so bad!!
I tried to get over the smell but it was tough.
Fish was soggy and just not good altogether.
I would suggest a different location?
I've never had a bad experience at this place before.

Very disappointed in this Olive Garden.
Maybe the sit down part of the restaurant is better, but the to go section was not.
I got the lasagna, and it was very good, if kind of a tiny portion.
The baked bread was good.
But the salad, boy that sucked.
It must have been pre-packaged days before.
Wilted lettuce, ugly tomatoes,  and generally disappointing.
I asked for blue cheese salad dressing and all I got was a tiny thing of Italian dressing.
If you get the to go, choose the soup!

