The people who work there are great and they make the best coffee there, that's why I keep going back

Incredibly slow service in the mornings.
I've stood in line for 15 minutes just to order one cup of coffee when there were only 2 other people in line.
They are all very friendly but their multi-tasking abilities are extremely poor.
Not a good combination in that line of business.

I really like this particular Starbucks!
Staff is very friendly and very efficient.
Very busy store especially after 3:00 in the afternoon.

This is the Starbucks the others should be taking notes from.
The staff is always so friendly and easy going.And I'm not sure what they do to their drinks here but, they are way better than what I have had at some other Starbucks, I have driven past other SB's just to get to this one

The "Meh.
I've experienced better.
" that pops up after giving this place two stars could not have been a better choice of words to describe the service here.
I do understand that they may get busy during the day but when it slows down to one person every 5 minutes (as it was with my visit) then take the time to relax and speak with your customers.
I don't think the coffee is the best in the world; I have had better.
So in my opinion, in order to keep people coming to your store, you should have excellent customer service skills.
My order was taken, name taken, money accepted and then I moved right along.
Next time, I will find another location.
If there is not one to be found then I would rather purchase coffee from the gas station.

Staff is always friendly and if you are anywhere close to being a regular they remember you and your drink.
One of my favorite locations.

Love this Starbucks!
The ladies are so nice and sweet and are a great start to my day!

This location is so slow.
I went here a couple weeks ago with over 30 minutes to spare before class and ended up barely making it.
Orders were taken slowly because cashiers chit-chatted for way too long.
And the barista (I think her name started with an M) was taking her sweet ol' time.
Employees here need to be retrained and put through some speed/efficiency tests.

As all of you guys who read this may know that there are tons of Starbucks to choose from, this is unfortunately not the one I would go back in the morning rush hour time.
I am sure the majority of the cafe in the morning makes you wait, but I thought this was one of the place that took forever to even take your order.
However, the atmosphere and  store interior is clean and moderate volume.
Once you order what you want, it will not take too long to get your product.
Only thing that irritate me is the line that took forever to order the coffee.

One of my favorite Starbucks location, unfortunately it closes early, but the people here are always nice.
Keep up the good work guys.

This Starbucks is the worst we've ever been in.
We walked in and there were two people behind the counter, one sweeping the floor, and no one greeted us, even as we stood at the counter watching the help sweep, still no greeting.
Finally I said, excuse me, can we order.
The guy casually approached us, still no greeting.
We finally decided, you know, we'll take our business elsewhere where we feel valued, and left.

Good Starbucks.
Friendly staff.
Very clean.
Pastry case filled.
My drink came quick and correct.
Only comment is that it's a fairly small store with all small tables.
So larger groups cannot sit together.

I loved Starbucks.... Until this last visit.
When I walked into the men's bathroom, there were full cases of cups and coffee on a cart beside the toilet.
I intended to ask the manager about it.
But the crew just did not seem to have it together that day, so I gave up.
I was in disbelief of storing food that will be served to customers beside the toilet.
Pictures are in the photo area.
Notice the half toilet paper roll on 1 of the boxes.

