My first and second experience have not been that great.
I had to come here because of treatment in progress and the other office on Ocotillo unexpectedly closed.
The dentist is nice, however this offices communication is not great.
They made me an appoint and then I sat for 2 hours because they could not get my information from the Ocotillo office that closed.
My 21 y/o son brought my 14 y/o son in for his checkup/cleaning (the 21 y/o has guardianship), I had the day before explained this to the office staff that called to confirm the appt.
and to ask about what forms I would need since I was not there.
When the boys got to the office it was a hassle for them to be seen, the office wanted me the parent there, did not believe my eldest had guardianship, they wanted proof.
It did get worked out and my youngest was seen, but again had to wait almost 2 hrs to get it worked out.
Angie the hygienest is fantastic (from Ocotillo office) and she just might be the only one that keeps me going back.
I will continue treatment here as it is in progress, but might find another dentist if they don't work out their office issues.

Some of the nicest people I've met at a dentist office.
I found them through a google search when my wisdom teeth started giving me issues, and they were able to get me in fairly quickly (the first appointment I made had to be canceled since Dr. Shin was sick).
They really care for their patients, and it shows.
I called them to get my medication changed since I had an adverse affect to it, and they did all the work for me to get it changed.
No having to go over there to pick up another script while I'm in severe pain from getting all three wisdom teeth pulled from my face.
I would highly recommend them to anyone who is looking for a great dentist who is dedicated to making you feel confident about your smile.

My experience has been awful!
I had to come here because of treatment in progress and the other office unexpectedly closed.
The offices communication is not great.
They made me wait for an appoint and then I sat for hours because they could not get my information from the office that closed.
The final topper is they sent me to collections due to discrepancy between prior dentist payments and theirs.
I tried to call and resolve once I saw they destroyed my perfect credit, but they still wouldn't remove.
Beware they will ruin your life and your credit!!!!

