Dr. Randy Leavitt is the best Doctor ever.
Not only did Gilbert Pediatrics provide the greatest level of care to my newborn, they went the extra mile with their compliments and customer service.
I actually owe many thanks to Dr. Leavitt and the people of Gilbert Pediatrics for taking a thoughtful moment and giving a very considerate and well thought recommendation for my wife as to which OBGYN she should see.
Turned out to be one of the greatest suggestions as he discovered certain things early which allowed us to resolve a medical condition that would have become much worse.
Thanks again Gilbert Pediatrics and I highly recommend this as the primary choice for those of you in Gilbert.

I done with Gilbert Peds.
I have been taking my daughter to the Greenfield and Baseline office since she was born, six years ago.
And this week was the straw that broke the camels back.
Never, not once in all these years have they ever been on time.
Not even when I've sent my husband to take our daughter.
We were in the office on Friday and needed to return on Tuesday.
Arrived at 3:20 for a 3:30 appointment, didn't get into our room until 4:15.
After telling the nurse of my frustrations the doctor was in our room by 4:25.
I understand that doctors can't anticipate how long an unexpected diagnosis might take, but I've given 6 years of excuses for this office---it just comes down to a poorly run office.
Not to mention the office itself is uninviting and not very kid friendly.
Used dirty childrens books in the rooms and LDS materials for adult.

At twilight care the receptionist typed in my sons birthday wrong (found out later) so the insurance would not go through.
They let my 9 month old projectile vomite for over an hour until we figured out her mistake.
She was very uncaring & rude.
She didn't care how sick he was, the insurance better come through.
After she corrected her mistate, they let us back.
The Doc on call said...nothing they could do take him to ER.
They could tell us that while he was vomiting & crying in the waiting room?!
SO UNCARING!

LOVE LOVE LOVE this office!!!
I've been going to them since my first son was born 6.5 years ago.
3 kids later I still love them and their doctors.
I normally see Dr. Leavitt but I have seen each doctor and PA and they are all wonderful.
Yes of course sometimes they get behind, but what doctors office doesn't especially when dealing with children?
I've gone to them for well visits, ear aches, bronchitis, stitches, etc.
and have always felt like they've given the best care possible.
(PS It says there are only 6 reviews for this office, but at the bottom of the page are 5 filtered reviews...
I don't understand why Yelp wouldn't show all the reviews???

Terrible bedside manner.
My son needed his immunizations updated.
We went in on Monday June 23rd.
His appointment was at 8:20am.
Upon arrival, the front desk asked me if I knew whether or not his immunizations were covered or not.
I told her the last time my son was in,  they were covered.
Our insurance hadn't changed besides our id #.
But I was willing to pay for the office copay in the event that it wasn't.
She accepted this answer and took my payment.
A few minutes later, we were called to the back,  my son's height, weight and temperature was taken and then we were brought back to the exam room.
She took my son's vitals and then asked me if my son's immunizations were covered.
I explained to her that I thought they were and I had already talked to the front office and paid my son's office copay in the event it wasn't covered.
She sighed loudly, and rudely interrupted me and told me that I HAD to contact my insurance company and my son wouldn't be seen until I done so.
She stated the Dr. had 1 more patient ahead of us and that I had plenty of time to verify my son's coverage.
Why not tell me this as I was making my son's appointment?
Why wait until I am already in the back?
Is this policy new?
We've been going there for over 2 years and this is the 1st I've been asked to do this.
Their reason for not verifying benefits was because it takes too long for them to do it and that parents can figure out the information quicker than they can because they ask questions that the office is unable to answer.
I find this explanation ridiculous.
All a provider's office needs to verify benefits is the primary's social security, birth date and/or id.
Plus, they are able to verify benefits online, phone and fax.
This is just a lazy practice.
If you go on their website, they encourage you to know the benefits but will bill our insurance accordingly and in the event there is a balance, we pay for it.
However, they do not follow this policy and FORCE parents to call and REFUSE service until you do it.
Why not just ask a parent to know this information as they are booking their appointments?
I spoke to the office manager, Gail, about my experience and she seemed unmoved.
She said they ask parents to contact our insurance while they wait in the waiting room and then also give (force) parent's another opportunity to contact their insurance again as they sit in the exam room in the back.
I guess the "No cell phone use beyond this point" sign is just for looks.
How about respecting the parent's decision and not forcing parents to do something that they've already discussed beforehand.
I pointed out that I looked at their policies their website.
It's stated that they encourage for parents to know their benefits but will bill our insurance if we don't know our coverage and will be responsible for the balance.
Why was I forced to verify benefits if their policy online states otherwise?
Please keep in mind, my boys have been coming to this office for the last 2 years and we have never been asked to verify our boys' benefits ourselves - not once.
Seriously, as an adult, what office has made you verify your own benefits and get explanation of benefits while you are at a doctor's office?
Just think about that.
I would like to point out, my review is based on my experience with the medical assistant (don't remember her name) and office manager, Gail.
This is not a review for the pediatricians.
My boys have seen both Dr. Carroll and Dr. Jax.
Luckily for us, we don't visit the Dr.'s office often, but the Pediatricians have always been professional and given the best care possible.

