I've been here a bunch of times and have never been disappointed.
This is a step up from the Olive Garden and is well worth the trip.
I've had the pecan-crusted trout there, which is excellent.
The chicken fetuccini alfredo is definitely above average.
Pork chops are well seasoned and quality.
Good italian that's not too pricey, you really can't go wrong here.

Went to dinner here last night.
I loved the Quartino option for the wine for only a few dollars more!
The Lobster ravioli wasn't the best, but the dish my bf got was awesome, I just don't remember what it was called, but it was also a ravioli of some sort.
The bread was yummy, hot and soft, just how I like it!
And the waiter was prompt and polite.
I can't say one bad thing about this place except for the rude customers at the bar who were raising hell over not being able to split the cost of a SOUP between two checks.
The fact that they were being so loud, we knew every detail about their situation was a little annoying considering we had to put our own conversation on hold because of the disturbance.
But that's neither here nor there... and has no reflection on my opinion of the restaraunt.
And I'm definitely a Fan.

Carrabba's is a treat for me.
I know it's a chain.
Believe me, I know.
But usually most restaurants that are chains are chains for a reason - they're good enough and consistent enough with enough appeal to many eaters.
This is the case with Carrabba's.
My friend Cathy ordered the Mezza Luna - ravioli that was stuffed with some yummy ingredients and a tomato cream sauce.
She let me have a couple of pieces and I let her have some of mine.
I ordered the Rigatoni Martino - chicken, sun dried tomatoes, mushrooms and a creamy tomato sauce.
It was lovely.
Really lovely.
However, an hour after dinner, I was developing this unholy thirst.
Like, I needed water, NOW.
I guzzled a lot of water after - about 3 liters, but I was *still* thirsty.
I noticed my rings were a bit tight on my fingers.
Uggh...it was too salty.
Mercifully they didn't use MSG, but I hope they will cut back on the salt.
Even as I write this almost 24 hours later my fingers are still swollen.
:(  Service was A+, food was good, company was good.
All in all, a great dinner with good food.

It's ALWAYS a good night at Carrabba's!
The staff is awesome, and I found my new favorite dish, the Pollo Rosa Maria.
All I can say is DELISH!
The wine is a little pricey, but it's worth it to sip with dinner, I just love this place...

This place is a must-dine every time I'm in the valley for a couple of reasons.
I really enjoy the fried calamari, which includes rings and tentacles (some places don't) and it's a major step up from the Olive Garden, another Italian chain which is right down the road.
I am giving the place five stars for a combination of excellent food and really outstanding service.
Our waiter did a great job and had the timing down real well.
At this place there are bartenders, waiters and food runners so you have to keep that in mind when it's time to tip.
Generally all three have a hand in what arrives at the table.
That being said, it's a challenge to keep them all in order and this Carrabba's has it down to a science.
I had the Lobster Ravioli entree which was extremely rich, made with a buttery white sauce.
The ravioli were not scant.
For apps we enjoyed the calamari and mussels in garlic white wine sauce.
Bread pudding was the dessert.
This place is a solid bet for a great family meal on the weekend.

Carrabba's has always been one of my husband and my favorites.
We're always assured to have a good meal and good service, but tonight they were over the top!
We went in to celebrate our anniversary and they treated us like royalty.
Our waitress, Amanda, was exceptional right down to recommending an excellent bottle of wine.
The food was delicious and Chef Bryan stopped by to check up on us several times.
After the meal Amanda delivered a huge slice of chocolate chiffon cake with ice cream for our anniversary (compliments of management), and Chef Bryan threw in a glass of port wine to top off the chocolate...yum!
If you're looking for an exceptional meal with excellent service you can't go wrong with Carrabba's.
Highly recommended for special occasions.
This will be one anniversary we won't soon forget because of our special night out.
Thank you Carrabba's!

On November 17, a couple of friends and myself went out to dinner at Carrabba's Italian Grill.
The only other time I've ate Carrabba's was at a banquet for our swim team my junior year of high school, so needless to say I was pretty excited about having dinner there finally.
The moment we pulled up I could taste the melt-in-your-mouth Italian bread from its scent lingering heavily in the air.
As we entered there were two hostesses, both with cheerful, smiling faces, ready to seat us.
Unlike most hostesses that I have run into, the one who seated us was chatty the entire way to our booth.
Personally it made me feel more relaxed and able to enjoy what was about to come.
After a few minutes our server, Randy, walked over  to grab our drink order.
He was very nice and knowledgeable of the menu (although he could never get any of us a refilled drink before the previous one was completely empty).
My friend was going to order the Mezzaluna, a ravioli with chicken, ricotta, and spinach in a delicious tomato sauce; however, Randy suggested a rigatoni that was similar to the one she had chose.
The rigatoni was loaded with chicken, unlike the Mezzaluna, which had a quarter of the chicken this dish had.
I, on the other hand, couldn't be talked out of my manicotti.
Although the crisp, freshly baked Italian bread and Caesar salad were to die for, I, unfortunately, couldn't say the same for their manicotti.
The noodles were undercooked, making them hard to cut and there was not an adequate amount of mozzarella cheese melted over them.
Their pomodoro sauce was bland and added very little, if any, flavor to the dish.
Also, it was a lot smaller than I had hoped for.
There were two measly manicotti shells in an oval shaped bowl the size of a kids macaroni and cheese dish.
Overall, the experience was fairly a good one.
The waiter could have been more attentive to our needs, such as bringing over fresh drinks before the old ones were almost three quarters gone.
There could have also been larger portion sizes for the price of the meal.
Up to that point I might have gone back and given it one more chance.
As we were leaving though, the head chef was walking through the restaurant and asking everyone how they were enjoying their visit and the food.
It was something I have never seen a chef do in all the years I have been going out to  eat.
I admired how the chef was walking through the restaurant interacting with his customers when the place wasn't exactly slow.
He walked by everyone's table asking how the food and service had been.
I will definitely go back at least one more time.

the question is would i go back and i must say i would we just had a few apps and a salad half order of  calamari done in the usuall deep fried manner it  was good and had a little spicey bite to them we also had the full order od mussels and a great salad with grilled eggpland a nutty coatted and fried piece of goat cheese kalamata olives ect bread was served warm with a herb mixure on a plate ...just add olive oil ....oh and of course i had to try the meatballs as i always say mine are better but these werent bad the martinis are fair but very reasonably priced 6.50 and we had a pitcher of wine the monteplacino de abruzza a nice house wine....and our server was pleasant and attentive as was the rest of the staff i wanted to give 3 stars but if you add all the components together for a busy saturday nite things were well done :)

This was my first time here trying this chain restaurant.
The food was very good and the service was excellent.
They opened at 12noon on Sunday whereas Yelp says 11am.
A waiter apologized to me once at 11:30am and again once I came back for lunch.
The complimentary bread was fresh and hot and came with a side of ground spices to mix with EVOO and a side of balsamic vinegar.
My portion was very filling.
They even had whole wheat spaghetti which is rare to find in a restaurant.
Upscale decor and ambiance...but not stuffy.
I'll be back.

Always our favorite place to go for any special occasion.
My husband and I went back again for our 35th wedding anniversary on September 13th and again, Carrabba's did not disappoint.
Awesome food, good wine, romantic atmosphere, and excellent customer service.

I hadn't been here in years and it was much better than I remember.
The manicotti was excellent, great salad, good bread, and great service.
Good atmosphere.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars was because the portions (although plenty) are not what you would get at most italian restaurants in this price range.

Frankly I don't see what all the fuss is about regarding Carrabba's Italian Grill.
I took my husband there for his birthday last week.
We had been there before but not for quite some time and so we thought we'd try it again.
I started off with the Cesar salad which was pretty good but had a bit too much dressing on it.
It surprised me with having chopped celery on it which was a real treat and added a nice texture to it.
For a main dish I had the Mezzaluna which is a half-moon ravioli with chicken, ricotta and spinach in tomato cream sauce.
I could hardly taste either the chicken or the spinach and the cheese was quite overpowering.
I regretted allowing them to sprinkle a little parmesan cheese on top because that took it over the top of too cheesy - and normally I love cheese.
Then the cream sauce was just too heavy for this dish.
It was rather bland and tasteless and really needed some spice.
Because it was a birthday they brought one of their small desserts with a candle in it for my husband.
It was the banana cream.
I thought it was a nice touch and really appreciated they didn't all gather at the table and sing to him.
I thought the dessert was creamy without it being too sweet.
However when my husband got the bottom where cake was supposed to be it was just powdery so he didn't finish it.
Overall the meal was a bland disappointment and the service was lackluster.
The server never came back to refill my water glasses the entire time we were there.
With so many other terrific options I won't go back.
They claim to "serve fresh, flavorful Italian dishes prepared from the finest ingredients sourced from around the world.
" Well, I don't know what part of the world they get their ingredients from but they need to try getting them from Italy!

Great place to eat!
Make a reservation on the weekend or you will have to wait!

I was really looking forward to going to this restaurant .
My mum raves about Carrabba's and insisted on taking me there.
We went for dinner tonight around 7pm and we were seated immediately.
I didn't realize this was a chain restaurant but it was pretty evident when we walked in the door.
The service was good, but the food, was just....meh.
I ordered the Chicken Bryan and the presentation was sloppy.
The flavour was way too salty and the goat cheese was too over powering and I normally love goat cheese!
Mom had the seafood cannelloni and it smelled fishy.
I was not impressed and will not be going back.
I just finished guzzling a huge glass of water and am going back for more!

We went here for a friends birthday only because Outback wasnt open yet.
I wish we'd have stayed.
The bartender was attentive and nice.
The food was great, and the prices were surprisingly reasonable.

Busy Friday night, but seated quickly.
Beverage choice was brought out speedily and my server, Jorge, was fast, efficient and friendly.
I had the Caramelized onion and bacon flatbread as my appetizer.
Very nice combination of sweet and savory.
Minestrone soup was well seasoned and full of vegetables.
Chicken  picatta was wonderfully cooked and seasoned perfectly.
Sautéed vegetables were spot on.
I had to take the Cherry Cheesecake to go, but later that same night it was a perfect ending to a truly great meal!
I am a BIG fan and will definitely become a regular here.

We dined at the Mesa location/Superstition Springs a couple weekends ago and had "Keith B" as our server.
I rarely have the time to write reviews, but his service was outstanding and deserves praise.
We dine out all the time and he literally is one of the best servers I have ever encountered.
On the ball he was!
He definitely is a credit to their establishment and I suggest you ask for him when checking in.
Thanks to Keith, for the great dining experience!
We hope to see him again on future visits...  Oh, and the food was delicious as well!
Their steaks are awesome, in addition to their pastas.
The John Cole dessert was amazing too.

My wife and I ate dinner here this evening.
We were promptly show to a table and very quickly we were offered drinks.
My wife and a house wine and I had a pink lemonade.
It wasn't long before our waitress came.
Her name was Jennifer.
She was pleasant and efficient   I think (it's been a couple of days,) a seafood cannoli.
Pretty good I thought, and commented.
The background music was Jazz.
The crowd was varied with a cross section of Phoenix's population  The ambience was pleasant, the meal was satisfying.
I would return, if ever again I find myself in Mesa, AZ.
Finish your review

So disappointed.
My in-laws came to celebrate my wife's birthday.
We called ahead, still had to wait for almost an hour.
After we were finally seated we had to wait even longer for water and bread.
We ordered wine and soda for the kids and it finally came.
My wife's dish came out 6-10 minutes before anyone else's.
The others only came after I pointed out that she was the only one who had food.
My "Johnny", which is my favorite plate, was bad on all counts.
The pasta was cold and flavorless, the steak was too salty and the chicken bryan was ok but not great.
My wife's plate was too salty as well and my father in law's plate was as off as mine.
We love going to Carraba's as do my in-laws and my parents.
Tonight's meal was beyond poor.
The manager informed us that he was having many problems with the new cook and this was not out of the ordinary.
The manager was apologetic and did take 2 meals of the 4 poor ones off of the tab which we appreciated.
I do not want to put a poor review on YELP but feel you should be aware of the situation at the Mesa site.
We will not return if this is normal operating procedure.
For the record, I tried to post this 8 times on their site to avoid putting it on YELP and just kept getting error messages saying it woudld not go through.
Obviously a sign of what they think about customer service-sadly.

Horrible food, great service!
I love a good salad, but this one was not the quality I was expecting from a restaurant.
Rather, it tasted like a salad from the bag you can buy at the grocery store.
Which is fine, but I could have saved myself time and money if I wanted to eat a bagged salad.
The main dish was horrible.
It tasted frozen and the marinara tasted like the kind you buy from the grocery store.
Which jar marinara is good, but once again, if I wanted this quality of food, I would have gone to the grocery store and made dinner myself.
I have had better Italian food from a microwave dinner.
This was very disappointing, because this was my husband's and I first date night since having our baby.
Don't waste your time and money coming here.

The hostess' were clueless.
We almost left because we waited for almost 20 minutes and she kept the front door open allowing tundra winds to blow in.
There were at least two other tables open when we got to our table.
The server and the food made up for it though, so that is why they get four stars.
I had the chicken soup with a salad.
Crisp, fresh and just the right amount of food with the bread that you can easily fill up on.
We also ordered the lasagna, which was delicious.
Cheesy and generous with the meat.

Loved the food, and the experience!

Went here for a wine tasting / dinner pairing.
The wine and food were OK, but the service was pretty bad.
They crammed the wine tasting / dinner pairing participants in a row of tables so close together the servers couldn't get to you.
Heaven forbid you lift your arm to eat, you'd being giving the person next to you an elbow to the ribs.
Seriously, shoulder to shoulder.
Food and wine were what I expected.
Not great, but not bad.
Would have given more stars if they had thought the seating through.

Been here once or twice before, I remember liking it for the most part.
This time I got the Chicken Parmesan Panini.
Very good, very tasty.
Endless bread and oil to start you off, don't fill up on it though.
You'll have no room for dinner.
Hahah.
Worth the money?
Yep.
Service was fantastic.
Damon was our server, best service I've had in a while.
He was extremely friendly, immediately gauged that we were a "fun" table and had a good time messing around with us, and vice versa.
Always good to have a laugh with the waiter, and it never hurts the tip amount , either.
;)   Anyways, very good experience overall.
Would definitely recommend to any friend looking to have a nice, decently priced meal with good customer service.

WTF is a reservation for or calling ahead to hold seating if you have to wait 45 min.?
Just simply state "we dont take reservations".
Don't set false expectation.
Horrible customer service!!!!

We eat here fairly regularly and have never been disappointed.
The Chicken Bryan is very good especially with spinach as the veggie.
Their steak is tasty and the pasta dishes are done very well.
A great place for a nice meal.

This was my first time here and the service and food were very good.
My son had the lobster ravioli and I had the seafood cannelloni both were very satisfying.
I had salad with the creamy parmesan dressing yum my new favorite dressing.
Looking forward to dinning here again.

Sure tell the snowbirds are back.
Wow it's packed and everybody is having a blast.
Sicilian chicken soup is sooooo good

My husband and I ate here tonight for our one year wedding anniversary.
We first came in and had appetizers before a movie and the service was quick, friendly, and really enjoyed ourselves.
After the movie, we decided to walk back over for dinner and the experience, again, was phenomenal.
We were seated quickly, we didn't wait long for our dinner, the service was quick and attentive, and my dinner was amazing.
I had never been to a Carrabas before and I was 100% impressed.
Even the bartender welcomed us back.
Both my husband and I have worked in the restaurant industry and owned and operated our own restaurants.
We both agreed that we hadn't had that great of an experience in a while.
I've never written a review before but I would like thisestablishment to be aware of our fantastic review and award their amazing front and back of the house staff.
Thank you all!

One of my favorite restaurants !
Pricey but worth it for special occasions such as birthdays or anniversaries.
They provide bread and make you a wonderful and tasty plate with Olive oil and spices .
So good!
I normally order from the grill menu.
I have had the shrimp from the grill (wonderful) , the halibut soaked in a lemon butter (my FAVORITE) , chicken Alfredo, and I also have had the steak.
I have never ever had a bad meal here or bad service .
I normally order a glass in a half of the Santa margarita Pino Grigio another one of my favorites and the chocolate moose for dessert!
The perfect  ending to a perfect meal!
Bon appetite!

11/16/2013  -  One of my children and my husband were out of town, so I decided to treat my other two children and myself to dinner at Carrabba's Italian Grill.
We usually only go on special occasions.
We went at 4 o'clock and were seated right away, party of 3, used to having to wait for our party of 5.
The hostess sat us at the last table in the corner in the bar area.
I would have preferred the area closer to the chefs, my children enjoying watching them cook, but I thought we would give it a try.
Our waiter, Cesar (he didn't introduce himself), approached and was ready to take our drink order.
We got our drinks and our bread with the dipping oil.
My daughter wanted to get the pizza dough (that they usually give children) to play with.
He hadn't offered it to her, and we weren't able to track him down due to our desolate table.
We couldn't find the waiter for drink refills because another service brought us our food but he showed up eventually.
My daughter ordered a kids spaghetti and my son and I ordered the Spiedino de Mare - it is not on the menu but still available ( I order it every time I come - for over 15 years).
It is pasta with shrimp and scallops.
Service was good, food was excellent and we will go back again except sit closer to the kitchen.

Im so disappointed with this place!!
I go here all the time its one of my favorite restaurants I go here probably every other weekend maybe even more.
The last time I was in will be the last time.
Me and my boyfriend Trevor went in for happy hour with my brother and his friend a few weeks ago.
Everything was fine until the waitress rang up our orders and charged it to our debit cards.
She came back setting the cards and recipes on the table saying sorry guys im bad with computers and walked off.
Okay?
Whatever that means.
We left cash and signed the debit card receipts.
The next day my boyfriend looks at his bank statement and then my brother's friend looks at his also and their charged double!!!!
My boyfriend and my brother friends matt goes in to carrabas and tells the manager the problem.
The manager then says he will take care of it at close out.
Never does!!!!
We give it almost a week thinking it will take a little bit to show up on the statements... nope still not there.
My boyfriend went in last week to talk to the manager AGAIN and trys to find out what's going on.
The manager then says AGAIN once I close out tonight then ill be able to reimburse you.
STILL doesn't.
Its another week later and nothing!!
My brothers friend matt went back in the other day the manager then told him there's nothing he can do to help him.
Really!???
Thats outrageous to not stand behind your company and the faults your company has made.
To charge two people double then lead them on a few weeks saying he will refund then it gets down to it and says he cant help them!?
I think is very wrong and not right to do to people.
I will not be in again!
Which sucks cause I did love this place.
I will tell everyone else not to go in either cause they'll rip you off!!!
*****UPDATE**** as of 2/5/2014 the manager did refund us back!!!

I have a professor that raves about Carrabba's every chance she gets, so I decided to give it a try.
My husband and I had a great time!
We had the calamari which was delicious and we loved the bread with the dipping oil.
This place is just up the street from us, so we will definitely be back!

I have been pleased with this chain so we had an early dinner.
At first they tried to seat us by a party of about 30 with alot of little kids.
I don't like to sit near little kids so I had her move us.
So, we got put in a corner, which was ok.
The waitress was attentive and my soda glass was always filled.
I ordered a shrimp appetizer that was a bit salty, the salads were just ok.
I had a caesar which really had no taste, my gf mentioned hers was just ok as well.
I ordered baked ravioli, which was a letdown and is still heavy on my stomach.
My girlfriend ate about half of her dish, so we both have leftovers for tomorrow.
Our waitress was very good and checked in often.
She did attempt to upsell us dessert, but since they didn't have creme brule, she was not successful.
This location was crowded, but after I got outside I wished I went somewhere else.

Went last night for my birthday.
Has a wonderful meal as always.
The service was great and they gave me a free appetizer.
Will be going back soon.

This is our first time here but we will be back.
The waiter Cory was so personable and on the ball.
Then there was the food.
I have eaten all of these things before but they never tasted like this.
The seasoning was awesome on all of the food but the wood burning flavor to the steak was to die for.
Now the one thing I have to say that is disparaging is that they don't know what well done is but I took the first bite and then finished the redest steak I have ever eaten and loved it.

Carraba's service is always top notch.
We have dinner here about once a month.
Our favorite appetizer is probably the calamari.
Fave soup is the sausage and lentil.
Fave entree is the sirloin Bryan (chicken Bryan, but with sirloin.
Not on the menu but all you have to do is ask!
) Their olive oil is the nuttiest I've ever tasted, next only to a restaurant we found in Santa Barbara.
Normally when we're out we try not to fill up on bread, but at Carraba's we don't even try!
If we're not too full (which happens VERY rarely) we order dessert.
They have some good ones, my favorite is the John Cole.
It consists of vanilla ice cream with caramel sauce and roasted cinnamon rum pecans.
Heavenly!
One thing about Carrabba's is if you're not happy with a dish, send it back.
They are all about making the customer happy so be adventurous.

Two drinks were 1/2 the dinner bill!
We have not been to Carrabbas for a couple of years and we always liked it, so we thought we'd go for a nice dinner for two.
It was not happy hour, but I had a scotch and my wife had a glass of wine.
Our two entrees were chicken dishes, which were very good.
But the salads (that come with the dinner) were very skimpy & disappointing.
But shocker was the bill.
It turned out that the two drinks were half of the bill!.
I was shocked and I had the server check the charges.
She did and insisted they were correct.
The scotch was a single pour Glenlivet.
The glass of wine was a Rufino Chianti.
Nothing super special.
But the two drinks together were over $26!
You wouldn't even pay that much in a fancy nightclub!
Clearly Carrabbas is price gouging with their drink prices, but they are over-estimating thier value.
$73 for two chicken dishes and two drinks?
This is not Ruths Chris!
I for one won't be going back there.

We ate here recently, I won't tell you the exact date, in case this review gets back to Steve, our waiter.
But I will say, we eat at Carrabas probably 10 times a month.
It is one of our favorite restaurants.
On this visit,  we were ordering.
I Ordered my usual salad.
Steve asks me if I want to add blue cheese and I say "Sure" then I say, "I have never been asked that before, is that something new?
" To which Steve says, "no, I always ask everybody if they want blue cheese" and I said "Oh" so I said "Sure, I will add blue cheese" then he proceeds with my  husband's salad and asks if he wants blue cheese, my husband said "no".
Another wait staff member walks by.. Steve, in a proud like manner says "Hey!
Who adds on the most blue cheese here?
"  The waitress said "You do Steve" not missing a beat or a step and just kept walking.
So, I said to Steve, " Why is it such a proud accomplishment to be the highest ranking blue cheese giver at Carrabas, is there an up charge for it or something?
"  To which Steve replied "Yes, but it's only $2.
And you get a nice big chuck of blue cheese".
And then I said "Well, you didn't mention the $2 up charge Steve.
" And he said  (in a gentlemanly cocky and arrogant way) "I said would you like to "ADD" blue cheese, that's how I do it" and I said "You are a rat, I don't want the blue cheese".
So moral of my story, In MY PROSPECTIVE or PERCEPTION, whatever you wanna call it, Steve is a scammer.
And the only reason he is top blue cheese sales guy is his ability to "fake" people into thinking he is just adding a nice chunk of blue cheese on their salad.
I guarantee you that if he told customers clearly, up front about the $2 up charge, half of the customers would decline the add on.
Most customers probably don't even realize the up charge on their bill, or if they do, then Steve just says, "I said " ADD" then the customer feels stupid and Stevo wins!!!!!
You better believe when our bill came, I looked it over, not for the blue cheese ADD ON, but for anything scammer like.
If he feels proud and like he's the pro at getting people to buy something they are not aware of, I don't trust him as far as I could throw him....
Moral of the story; a chunk  of blue cheese on your salad is $2 out of the pocket.
Just so you know .

