I have been to this location three times in the past three days to buy lumber for a deck I'm building.
Not ONCE did an employee ask if I needed assistance carrying or loading the wood despite the fact that most of the people "working" there seemed to be milling around doing nothing.
I have one more load of lumber for my project; I'll be buying it at Home Depot....  Addendum:  I tried to go to Home Depot on Warner/Val Vista to complete my lumber purchasing but unfortunately they didn't have enough stock to meet my needs  so I ended up back at this store.
Once again (for the 4th consecutive day) not a single associate approached me in the lumber aisle as I rifled through the wood.
Also, as I was loading up to leave there was an employee sweeping dirt in the parking lot not more than 15 feet from me.
Not only did he not ask if I needed any help, he didn't even make eye contact with me.
This place is horrible.
If you have other shopping options use them.

So.
Yeah.
There's a lot of big business home improvement warehouses in Mesa and Gilbert.
My husband and I have been 'loyal' to the one on Higley, even though we moved to the west side of Gilbert.
Our loyalty is finished.
This store has absolutely no customer service on the floor.
The employees are no help, whatsoever.
And yesterday when I went to get some plywood cut we encountered one of the surliest employees yet.
I called the store manager on the way home...I was so annoyed.
He was almost as bad as the employee.
Yeah.
With all the competition for dollars in this economy you guys might try a major 'attitude' adjustment in your customer service climate.
If I had not needed some of the wood cuts for an order, I would have walked out and left it all there.
Bad service.
Bad attitude.
Don't go to this Lowe's unless you want to be annoyed.
I am annoyed that I even have to leave ONE star for this review.

I recently wanted to get a security door for the front of the house.
The manager was very helpful answering all my questions and was very patient.
I have to get our association to approve the door and he took the time to get me all the information I needed.
I have also found all of the other departments in this store to be just as great They always provide great customer service and they have a great selection of products at competitive prices.

My wife prefers Lowes because it is nicer and more of a home store.
Although quality of items and customer service doesn't compare to Home Depot.

This is my go to store for home improvement.
Since we bought our house a year and a half ago, we have gotten everything from paint to landscaping.
The prices are reasonable and the sales people are very helpful.
We had a cabinet designer spend 3 hours working on a kitchen remodel.
Didn't cost us a thing.
Ikea wanted $200.00 for the same service.
I will continue to use Lowe's for all my home improvement needs.
They stand behind their merchandise.

Good customer service, you can usually find someone to help you out if you don't know what your doing.
The people in the paint department were really nice definitely helped out slot when I was looking for a new color for my walls and when I was re-doing some wood furniture

