be warned!!!
from my experience if you bank with arizona federal you are opening yourself up to losing your money, potential identity theft, and many days full of frustration while you "become one of them".
to summarize: * outdated technology- hard to find information on their website and limited self service capabilities * contacting a live person will take up to 5 minutes!
* fees applied incorrectly and excessively by arizona federal * problems can only occur from monday - saturday 9 am to 3pm * criminals welcome to take all the customer's money in the evenings and during the weekends * rude customer service agents that do not respect "members" * "be one of us" brainwashing slogan should really say, "if you are stupid, rude, and like other people stealing your money and being blamed for it, then join arizona federal and "be one of us!

Have been a customer for nearly 14 years, but recent activity has caused us to move on to another credit union.
Informed 6 weeks (or so) ago that the new computer system at AZFCU was not compatible with our account number, and said account number would be changed.
And we agreed to that, feeling we had little choice and having been told the transition would be "seamless" .
They did "reward" us with $100.00 and a book of free checks.
Well, the transition was never seamless, and the last few weeks have been a living hell of mistakes, unpaid bills, refused direct deposits and a host of other issues.
Even after exchanging letters with the Board of Directors, not one person at AZFCU seemed to know much about the switch to a new account number, or how to fix the problems they had created.
Most employees we tried to contact didn't even bother to return our calls.
There are many other banking options in the Mesa area, and I suggest you do your business with one of them.
BEWARE of AZFCU.

One of the worst Credit Unions I have ever worked with.
I have been a member for a little over 9 years, and have had nothing but problems.
Outdated technology, awful customer service (both in person and over the phone) lack of service outside of Arizona (when traveling) and ridiculous answers to even more ridiculous problems.
Please consider other institutions when shopping around - I would hate to see someone else get steamrolled by this lousy excuse for a bank.

