This place used to be way better a few years ago when it was a Dannys Family car wash.
When Full Circle took over, things went downhill.
It feels like no one takes care of anything and feels a little run down.
It's worth driving a few miles down the street and go to danny's instead.
Probably best to avoid this place.

Got the $20 wash.
They did armor all inside and out.
Car didn't get very clean, but was good enough.
Paid way too much for the quality of the wash.
Spent very little time wiping the car down.

Very friendly, no long lines, quick, consistant service!

They did great!

Better than most, not as good as the best.
Just an avegage wash. Good news, I will be back though.
Good enough for that

Not perfect, but great job.
Good price and the guy in front doesn't put too much pressure on you to upgrade.
I already know what I want when I go there, so I don't like the upselling pressure.
I like the location because it's never super busy.
I can go anytime and not have to wait on average more than 30 minutes.

Not a fan.
To be honest, I've only come here twice, and only because a friend gave me a free wash coupon.
First time I used them I had some items and other needed papers thrown away when I had left them in a front seat pocket out ofthe way.
The second time, my minivan auto sliding  door mysteriously had stopped functioning when they had finished.
Not sure if they are responsible, but coincidence is enough to keep me away.
Then as I am driving away, I notice a very loud rattle in my dashboard where they had been wiping it down.
Haven't found the source yet, but it definitely started there.
The quality of the wash was average and the vacuum job was very good.
For the money though, there are a lot better car washes in the same vicinity.

My SUV is 13 years old and has never had a wax job.
The finish was dull and faded.
Full Circle restored my vehicle's finish like new in about 3 hours.

Nice job!!
Clean car and great workers.
Got wash and wax, my car is so beautiful .
The detail guys really do a great job

Second time I have used them.
Will most likely never come back.
Armor all put right over dirt, dust and grime to seal it in.
Multiple areas of the interior not even touched!
Low quality work, low quality people and now a low quality location after full circle took over from Danny's.
All this for $120.
Stay away and give your hard earned money to a business that deserves it.

I have always gotten a decent wash here.
I just wish you could drop car off without the constant upsale on absolutely everything!
Oil change, wax job, shampoo mats - ugh!
God forbid you have a chip or crack in your windshield, they won't leave you alone.
Not that any other Valley car wash i've been to has been any different!

Went to Full Circle and had the $25 wash, every employee had smiles, friendly, they all hustled, GREAT workers and professional.
They did a SUPERB job, on our car, THANK YOU.
We will be back.

Just returned from Full Circle Car Wash and I am very disappointed.
This is the second bad car wash I have had in the past two weeks.
the outside is dirty and has water spots and the inside never got wiped down even though I paid for it.
For $20, I would expect a clean vehicle.

Terrible!
I stopped in here to have my car washed as it was pretty grimy from a 1000 mile drive.
Now the trunk release is broken, just found that out now that I'm back in Denver.
The guy who did the job pulled it out once he was done and never signaled me to let me know it was ready.
I waited and waited, thinking he had more to do to it.
Won't be back, EVER!

First time customer.
Went here after finding this place on Yelp and reading the reviews.
I am so glad that I came here!
I came early... 8:30 am and there were only two other customers here.
This is probably why I had such a great experience.
I ordered the Platinum wash...
It was $25, but when I went to check out I discovered that they offer a military discount of $2...
BONUS!!!
The employees (3 of them on my single car) did an amazing job!
I couldn't be happier and drove off feeling happy and my car looking great!
Give Full Circle a try... You won't be disappointed!

