Smoky smoke smoke...that is pretty much all I remember.
I don't care how "chill" and laid back this bar is.
I think I lost three years of my life by going here one night.
Mixed crowd, pitchers of beer, oh, and some serious cigarette smoke.

You want a great neighborhood bar with a bunch of locals and some pool tables... this is as good as it gets.
Try the hot wings, they are good and the beer is cold as advertised.

Two great things to try here are the Mushroom/Bacon/Cheese burger and the Western Chicken sandwich--add bacon.
The Chicken sandwich is my favorite.

This place stole my fiance.
....At least when he is missing I know where to find him!
(and he brings me home their awesome chicken wings)  hahaha

Great cheap eats and drinks.
The food is surprisingly good and the price can't be beat ($2.00 for a giant basket of fries).
The pool tables are $.50!
The crowd is really varied and adds to the color of the place.
The only downside is the bathroom :( It could stand a refreshening.

this is a great place since the 1980s in mesa.
there is a nice vibe in here and really good food, open late.
don't forget it is a full service liquor bar with a mixed crowd NO SMOKING

The food is "bar food" however, it is done very well.
Chicken wings, sandwiches,  fries, burgers, etc.
This is a bit of a dive bar but its cool none the less

Came here on a busy Friday night and had a great time!
Awesome cheap burgers!
Super great value at 4$ a burger!Great beer!
Great service!
Especially for how busy it was.
Place was a little dirty and tables were sticky.
But all in all it was a great experience.

I walked in & literally walked right out.
Not my cup of tea......or beer.

Cheap beer decent food.
You get what you came for in this place.
Can get loud but that's to be expected from a blue collar dive bar

You get what you get here.
Nothing fancy but all the classics that are really tasty.
Cheap beer.
Decently priced food.
It's all the bar stuff and done well and inexpensive.
I love this place!

