Mesa East Bowl is what a bowling alley should be.
You shouldn't expect excellent service or great food.
Bowling is a vintage sport that should take place in a vintage style bowling alley.
This is exactly what East Mesa Bowl serves.
Prices for bowling are something like $2.50 before 5PM and 3.50 after 5 pm.
If you are renting shoes, it will set you back an additional 3.25.
The wait was not unpleasant.
We went on a saturday night at 7:00 and waited 25 minutes.
There is a bar with pool tables, a juke box and a dart board to keep you entertained so long as you don't have youngsters with you..
If so, there are some arcade games and a snack bar that may keep you entertained long enough before you lane opens up.
Bathrooms could be cleaner, but don't forget, you ARE at a bowling alley..
Appreciate it for what it is!

I've been here twice now with friends and our kids and we really like this joint.
There is an important key to working yourself up to "liking" a bowling alley.
You've got to get yourself into the bowling state of mind.
It's not really even about the game itself.
It's about the rental shoes (No, don't think about their rich and colorful history; you'll never touch your own feet again).
It's about the music (Who controls the music?
Seriously, they've got a schizophrenic's iPod set to shuffle up there).
It's about the food -- food that will revisit you in various ways for days after you leave the alley.
Are you pumped up now?
Are you feeling like some bowling?
Now you may enter Mesa East Bowl.
Get your shoes and order some french fries.
Start the maddening routine of finding a ball that isn't either light as a feather but somehow with enormous finger holes or heavier than a white dwarf star with tiny finger holes.
There, that one is just right... except the finger holes seem to be on opposite ends of the ball.
The people here are nice and accommodating.
The kids have a blast.
It's cheaper than some of the big commercial lanes.
They have all the modern technology, even a fun thing that tells you how fast you threw the ball.
Before entering into some kind of macho competition involving said speed indicator, consider whether you require the use of your arm for the next week.
But I digress.
A great weekend diversion.
Don't measure a bowling alley against anything other than bowling alley standards and you'll love this place.

I have never had worse service in my life!!!
From the lady at the front counter to waiting for 15 min at the snack bar, only to be greeted by someone who did not say a word to me and acted like I was bothering her.
I told the manager he said he would give me some coupons.. Never did.
It's crazy I've been here before and it was always fine this time seriously the WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!

Mesa East Bowl is a family owned business that exudes a family environment.
The prices are reasonable, there is never a wait, and the service is great!
They even have great happy hour specials and sum

I bowl here all the time.
It's rarely too crowded, everything is just how a bowling alley should be.
The people are nice and the service is great, except sometimes it's hard to flag down someone for the bar.

About ten years ago a group of handicapped students from Apache Junction had semi-monthly, scheduled visits to Mesa East Bowl that served both as recreation and a chance to practice independent community skills.
One day they show up at their reserved time and day to find all the lanes are taken.
When they ask why no lanes are available, they are told a league had taken their place.
No advance warning, no apology.
The kids were terribly disappointed.
I will NEVER give  EMB business, NEVER!

One star just because it is the lowest score I could give it.
If there was a zero star option I would give it!
Went there with a few family members, one being my grandmother.
It was a busy Saturday and there were vert few bowling balls available.
We wait for awhile and still had little lighter bowling balls to choose from.
We spoke with the staff, which were NO help.
They stated that bowlers were allowed one ball per person.
Clearly most people there didn't get that memo.
We asked if we should speak with patrons about which bowling balls were not being used or if staff there would be checking.
They, of course, suggested that we check.
So my cute little granny and I went to each lane and asked and of course, no one was "willing" to give up a bowling ball.
I believe there was some large childrens group there and seriously were lacking parental units.
It was borderline chaos!
We let staff know that most people were unwilling to give them and staff said, they would look into it.
I also let the staff know that we would be waiting to hear back and that my elderly grandmother who happens to have hip problems could not lift any of the heavier bowling balls.
We were in no hurry, so we waited another 15-20mins to hear back from staff.
We decided to go ahead and maybe try a few frames out with the few bowling balls we could find.
My poor granny could not even pick up the bowling ball let alone throw it.
We decided to stop right away and end our game and make sure she didn't get hurt.
When we went to return our shoes and let staff know WHY we were leaving.
Their exact words were... "Oh well.
Bye!
" This was from the MANAGER!
Older gentleman with glasses and salt and pepper hair.
He even tried to make us pay for the game!
We hadn't even thrown one frame!!
Steer clear.
Shenanigans, poor service, and lack of respect for costumers.

Great People, Great Enviroment and personally i think the best lanes that i have bowled in AZ so far.
Living in East Mesa/ Apache Junction Area there really isn't many bars to choose from this place is a diamond in the rough!
Really beats driving to Tempe and the prices are better and drinks are better.
Grey Goose Martini here is the best in town!
Best part i have never had to deal with drama whatsoever here unlike college bars.
Everyone that comes is here for the same reason to have a good time.
This is my regular spot.

If you come here to Bowl and get some food and or alcohol go see Sue, she's the nicest one there and will make sure your taken care of.
She's such a sweet lady.
You would never know that she can't hear, just reads your lips.
Best service we've ever had there

Love this place!!!
Old school bowling alley like I remember when I was growing up.
Older but clean.
Also, the staff there is absolutely AMAZING!!!
So friendly and helpful.
Went there about 2 weeks ago for my daughters small Birthday party.
I called ahead of time and didn't think we had enough people to justify their party package.
I declined but asked if I could bring a Birthday cake in during "normal bowl".
They said that would be fine.
When we got there the day of the party, the sweetest lady from behind the food counter area asked if she could put our cake in the fridge while we bowled.
(How nice of her considering we never book the party package with them).
We ordered sodas and pizza.
All was good.
Then when we went to get the cake, she asked if we needed plates and utensils.
WOW!!!
Super helpful!!!!
I did being my own plates, napkins and forks but forgot the knife to cut the cake.
Guess who gave me a knife to got this done?
The sweetest lady working the food court/concession.
They made our small party a HUGE success and I will continue to frequent here.
Not only because it is the old school feel I like when bowling, but the top notch service they provide.

