top notch professionalism.
I love the way their billing system works, sends me an email to remind me that they are coming, and automatically bills my account/CC.
Very easy.
Their staff is clean cut and the folks that answer the phone are very competant and informative.
We had a serious scorpion problem apon moving into our home in March and now six months after starting service, we have none.
Blue Sky told us exactly what to expect in terms of bug activity in the first couple months of service, and has been right on.
I highly recommend them for peace of mind, customer service, and getting rid of bugs!

I have used this company through the household that I manage, and I can't complain too much.
When I call to make an appointment I am directed through a voice automated call at first but I do not have to wait long to speak to a friendly person in customer service.
They have appointments available next day (not too bad.
)  Inspectors and service men have been out to the house several times to do different termite treatments in the large home that I work out of.
Every time someone has come out to the house they have been very professional and honest.
I would recommend giving this company a try.

My daughter was stung one night by a scorpian while in the house.
The little bugger blended in perfectly with our carpet and was not easily seen, but I was able to find it and make sure it wouldnt sing anyone again.
Needless to say, I went into freak out mode and called around.
Blue Sky came up in my internet search and I explained what happened and they were very understanding and rearranged some things and were able to come out the same day.
They explained what they did and how it keeps the scorpians away, they provided me with a one time option or a every other month service, which I opted to do.
I have not seen a scorpian since, in addition, there are no spiders or other little buggers.
I get calls the day before they are scheuled to come out.
They also have a no scorpian guarantee - luckily I haven't had to take advantage of that.

Robert Acosta from Blue Sky inspected are home for termites.
We thought we had them.
He assured us we didn't, but he found an infestation of moths, he told us how to eliminate them ourselves.
I 've had all sorts of sales people at my house in the last 20 years, none of them were as professional, knowledgeable and honest as Robert.
He wasn't going to sell us something we didn't need and he could have easily convinced us we had termites.
We also had an infestation of crickets, we used his company to eliminate the cricket population, it is a lot quieter evenings without the constant chirping of crickets in one of the dark corners of the house.This company knows what customer service is

I had a termite treatment done on my home last week.
A trench was created  around the entire house and holes drilled through the concrete to inject termiticide under the foundation.
I did have some trouble getting an appointment for the initial inspection because this company seems to keep banker's hours.
When I did get the inspection, the cost was reasonable, pricing options were given, and the guy wasn't pushy.
The treatment was completed on a day that I had to work (someone else had to be there).
I dread having people do work when I can't supervise, I mean what if they leave a mess?
When I arrived home I was extremely happy with their work and the clean-up.
#1 When they dug around the house, the moved away the gravel and then put it back after they covered the trench.
#2 The drill holes into the concrete were cleaned and filled nicely with no trace of debris or concrete dust remaining.
#3 They had to cut into my built in garage cabinets to drill through the floor, but they put the cut pieces back in nicely and there was no saw dust left behind.
Overall, I would have to say that these people do exceptional work and I would absolutely recommend them if you need a termite treatment.

You usually don't think about being "Wow-ed" by your bug guy, but Blue Sky Pest Control did an awesome job.
When the technician showed up at my house for the first service, he was surprisingly a pleasure to work with.
Professional, well kept, well spoken .
kicked all the pest control stigmas.
He was thorough and exceeded the expectations that were set during my initial set up.
When the technician left, I felt taken care of and that my questions and needs were met.
Bottom line, it was great service!
Regarding the quality and efficacy of the service, I have not seen any more bugs in our master bedroom (where they seemed to be coming in droves).
Everything is in order and they do have a service guarantee stating that if there is ever a spike in bugs in between services, they will come out for free and take care of it.

Excellent customer service!
We have had multiple companies for pest control and Blue Sky has definitely been the best.
They come out every other month but if you have a problem they will come out in between scheduled services.
Techs have always been friendly and polite.
I would highly recommend this company.

We had just moved into a new beautiful townhouse and we were very excited to be upgrading our lives from apartment living.
Well, after being in our new place for 3 days, we discovered, to our absolute HORROR, that there were BEDBUGS in our new place!
We knew we didn't bring them with us, we didn't have any pests at all from our apartment.
Our new owners were upset also, and they told us that they were not aware of any problem with bedbugs... we were getting nervous and getting the feeling that we might have to pay for the treatment if the owners thoughts it was us who brought them with us.
It was important to everyone that we find out how they were in the house, and for how long.
the guys at Blue Sky were very professional and friendly, they were able to determine that the bugs had been in our house for quite some time, and that we didn't bring them in with us (Thank GOD).
They came in and sprayed every nook and cranny in our bedrooms and living room.
I was nervous about them not using any heat treatment, because I'd heard that was the only way to kill them.
We don't have any carpet and we caught the problem just in time, I think that had a little to do with the success of us completely getting rid of the bugs.
Blue Sky came out and treated 3 separate times, and were thorough and professional, and they even worked with my owners via email (since my owners live in California).
We were very diligent to follow every instruction they gave us.
It was one big traumatizing process, but in the end the BEDBUGS WERE GONE FOR GOOD!!!!
Thank you, Blue Sky guys!
I will recommend you to everyone I know!
(off topic, but: to the review that said "rung my doorbell repeatedly throughout the day.
I saw it was a salesman and did not open the door.
In retaliation, he jammed a thick cardstock flyer in my doorway, which damaged the weatherstripping.
" are you serious?????
LOL!!!!!
That made me laugh so hard.
your poor, poor weather stripping HAHA!
I seriously doubt it was retaliation haha!

This pest control service was great to explain everything, show up on time, and offer decent pricing.
While it is not the cheapest, it is one of those you get what you pay for things.
You get a deal for setting up bimonthly service, and breaking that "contract" is only 49 bucks, not too bad!
All the staff was friendly, from people on the phone to the person that came out to the house.

George Schureman from your Gilbert location came to my home this morning for a termite treatment which is something that has really been stressing us out as first time home owners.
George was so incredibly nice and super professional, we will DEFINITELY be bringing our business back to Blue Sky if and when we need them.
I wish all businesses practiced the way you guys do.
Thank you so much, and a special thank you to George for helping me out with everything and making me feel so comfortable by letting me know what you were doing, why, and how it would work.

These guys are awesome!
We live near the desert and we had a few scorpions in the house a few years ago and shortly after a Blue Sky technician knocked on our door and spoke to my husband, they were servicing a neighbor and wanted to drop off some information.
We researched them online, they seemed like a good company, so we signed a one year contract for them to come out every other month for basic pest control along with treating for scorpions.
We were using another company every once in a while, but we decided we needed to have someone come out consistently to eliminate the scorpions, along with there food supply (other bugs).
Well it worked!
No scorpions and we rarely see any bugs.
The same technician that originally signed us up, is the same technician that comes out everytime, I feel bad I don't know his name, but he is clean cut, polite and well spoken...which is one of the reasons we originally gave them a chance and it paid off.

