Just had a supplier bring us lunch today from here...some of the freshest seafood authentic mexican dishes you can get...4 locations throughout the valley...haven't been inside but our supplier says it's just like you were in Mexico..little hole in the wall and people coming in trying to sell you stuff like wallets, buckles and more...will definetly try to dine in some time in the near future...loved it..

Sorry about the length but thought all was pertinent for an accurate review.
GREAT FRESH MEXICAN SEAFOOD!!
We got a tip from my husbands coworker to try this place out.
We went the same day because we were very excited to try some fresh seafood.
It is in a location that could make some get a little uneasy...
I will explain.
We walked in & immediately saw that EVERYONE had a large abundance of shrimp on their plates in all different styles.
One of the waitresses signaled for us to find a seat.
They brought chips & salsa as soon as we sat down.
We started off with drinks... my husband had the margarita which was large & tasty, and I had a pina colada which was good.
When we looked over the menu we wanted to order everything!
They had pictures & it all looked delicious!
He ordered a fish plate with rice & salad.
It was a large piece of flounder covered with a cream sauce filled with shrimp & octopus... Wow!
Very good!
I decided on the shrimp salad with avocado.
I have this thing with wanting my salads chopped for easier eating & I was happy to see it came chopped!!
except the shrimp of course - those were whole, fresh & cooked perfectly.
It had what seemed like an endless amount of avocado - impressive!
I also got a fish taco a la carte - it was deep fried (all right by me) and then they give you your own squeeze bottles full of sauces to top it off yourself which I thought was ideal.
It was all great!
Did I mention our food came out lightening fast?
It was only a matter of minutes- less than 5 for sure!
I don't want to sugar coat the atmosphere... there was a guy who came in to get some relief from the hot concrete he apparently called home.
There was a nice patron who bought him a beer & maybe some food - didn't stick around long enough to see that- but that patrons brother got up to stop him because he said the restaurant didn't want him there!
It caused a minor scene, but the brother did not win... the guy sat drinking his cold beer - that made us feel good to know there were good people willing to step out & do a good deed!!
The situation didn't really bother us at all.
Then there was a young (young!
) boy who came in that was peddling for money & who you could tell was sadly hooked on serious drugs.
He did score a small donation before he was asked to leave & did so without incident.
My husband wanted to kidnap him & get him some help because he was very young & it was a hard truth to ignore, but we ended up just hoping the best for him.
Very sad.
Bottom line- those were minor occurrences in a room full of ordinary people.
That is my story about my trip to Restaurant Sinaloa!
All in all, we left there saying we can't wait to return!!!
This place is about food & if you can overlook the location & some peoples battle with life, it is a must try!

If you're not Hispanic or look Hispanic you might turn some heads going into this place.
Speaking or at least understanding Spanish would also be a plus as the menu is mostly in Spanish with a little English to help out the Anglos a bit.
They have a juke box with Mexican music that was playing very loud , so loud that I was tempted to leave when I first walked in but I'm glad I stayed.
Very authentic Mexican food and the portions are huge.
Service was fast and friendly even after the waitress found out I don't speak Spanish?

ok, the area was a little scary, but I heard the food was good.
Well, it was authentic mexico, and not in a good way.
The service was poor and some of the food came out wrong and they did not care.
The food mosty tasted good...
The place needed a good cleaning as well.
Found much better places to be for this type of food here in Mesa...places where they actually care about the customer!
I think one of the best palces used to be one of these, but sold and cleaned up....I go there...

The food was delicious and I'm from Sinaloa Mexico!
I would add more stars but the service was not too good.
It does help if you know a bit of Spanish but the menu does come in English.
The shrimp ceviche is awesome and one tostada can be shared.
The fish filet in garlic sauce is huge and really tasty.

Me and my family go here all the time.
It is authentic Mexican Seafood for sure.
I've had several different items and all are great.
Sometimes the service is a little slow (depends on which waitress you get and how busy they are) but the food makes up for it.
Don't worry about not speaking english, go enjoy and you won't regret it.
Yes the music is loud and it's always super crowded on Friday and Saturday nights.
If your not from this part of Mesa yes you would think the neighborhood bad but we have never had a problem.
Again the food makes up for it all!

I'm not a fan of sea food, but this place is a must.
I call it "the best spot to recover from a hang over", no kidding.
This was my 3rd time and I was as pleased as the last 2.
Try the toritos (peppers filled with shrimp and wrapped in bacon, on a soy-like sauce).
Three of those plus a "michelada" (beer with lime juice, clamato and salt) and you'll be better than with an IV.
You can also try the shrimp broth, it takes you back from the grave (the booze grave).
The shrimp cocktail is great, with fresh cucumber.
Pour some lime juice and ask for ketchup and you'll be thrilled.
My brother had the shrimp wrapped in bacon, there were pretty good.
The service was pretty good and friendly.
Actually I went there with a friend who has several restaurants and restaurant experience and he pointed out that the service was better than average.
One note.
If you're white supremasist, a mexican hater, kkk, confederated, Arpaio lover and so on, this might not be your place.
Most of the patrons are hispanic and also all the waitresses.
I almost forgot it, they play "banda" music which I find hideous but the food worth the music pain, specially if you're hung over.
This is as close as you can get to the real mexican seafood restaurant that could be found in Cancun, Puerto Vallarta, Ixtapa, etc.

I've been to this restaurant numerous times and I strongly recommend it!
I love the ceviche and shrimp cocktails, both are absolutely EXCELLENT!
If you are looking for a great lunch spot, it's a must!

If you like authentic mexican seafood - than this is the place.
The seafood tastes fresh, I haven't had anything I did not like.
The food is really good, definitely a place I recommend.
However, the area is questionable - I've never had an issue, but you do get an uneasy feeling.
Also, the service is not great, this might be because the place is always so busy - it seems like your waiter/waitress is running all over the place.
Definitely be  prepared to wait for a table on the weekends, sometimes for 30 minutes +

Seafood rocked!
Good portions, service, and fast delivery.
If loud music is not your thing, you won't like this place.
I found it fun and mood lifting.

This is one of my favorite Mexican food restaurant, I just love this place.
I love their breaded fish tacos combination, it's to die for, I seriously love it.
My husband and I almost always get the same thing, it is just delicious.
Their Carne ASAda burritos, nachos, enchiladas, and quesadillas are really good too.

The service is horrible!!!!
The waitress acted like she didn't care for our business and made the entire experience horrible!!
It was like it was a bother to her if we asked for anything!
I am normally a really chill person since I used to be a waitress but this was terrible!
The food is good but I wouldn't go back just because of the service!!

You can always tell a good restaurant by the crowds the place draws.
And there is always a crowd here all the way until closing time!

If you are looking for a good Mexican sea food restaurant , restaurant Sinaloa is the place to go!
Delicious!!

My mother and I came here for lunch.
When we walked in there were only 2 tables  with parties of about 6 or 8 and 2 tables of 2.
Seemed like that they had already been served their meal.
It took a long time for us to receive our meal.
While we were waiting the restaurant filled up.
A couple of times we waited quite a while for our iced teas to be refilled.
I ordered the Molcajetes.
My octopus was charred.
I had a bite but it made me gag.
However, I did like everything else that was served in the bowl.
Just make sure you have something cold to drink because it is very spicy hot.
The refried beans were excellent.
Not sure if we will come back.
Average experience.

This food is straight up taste less, idk what style of seafood this is but it is not very appetizing..food here is boring, i find the plates more amusing to see while eating, and maybe choking since the service here is so slow, it does get busy on the weekends which is understandable but having to be a small restaurant I'am sure they can check up on every cust real quick.
the time to cook is ridiculous seeing others arriving later than you and receiving their food a lot sooner is really frustrating to see.
Now maybe this attracts the type that grew up to this boring style of seafood, but never again will i ever waste time and money for sea...actually LAKE FOOD  note: oysters here are farm raised not from the ocean...they will admit to that ;)

