I stayed at this Marriott for 3 weeks in January.
The customer service was great.
The breakfast buffet they had every morning was good as well.
The hotel seems secluded.
However, it is in walking distance of a Chevy's, Chipotle, Buffalo Wild Wings and a great sports pub.
There is also a mall nearby as well as a Border's, Best Buy and a Marshall's.
It is near an interstate and about 25 minutes to downtown phoenix.

Newer Residence Inn, high-rise.
Pets accepted for a fee standard fee.
Great pool area.
The breakfast and dinner is really good.
The staff is very friendly and accommodating.
The management staff was very friendly and introduced themselves during the happy hours.

We only stayed one night at this establishment.
But it was pretty good.
Good:  Clean, flat screen in "living room" area, comfy bed, free internet, complimentary breakfast.
Bad:  Wireless internet (couldn't get signal at all in our room) and they didn't have a cable in the room for me to plug in.
We were tired and I didn't feel like seeing if they had one...so can't rate the overall internet honestly.
Also having to go outside to get to the different "buildings" is kind of annoying when all of them appear to be joined (seems a hallway would not have been all that difficult).
Otherwise...it was nice and we'd stay again.

Spent five days in two bedroom suite.
Positives: felt safe and secure.
Excellent staff.
Clean.
Breakfast and dinner (Mon - Wed) free and delicious!
Negative:  limited tv channels.
Truly enjoyed our stay here while home being renovated.
Excellent value.

Beginning fourth week in this fine hotel.
We have been quite comfortable here.
The staff is extremely responsive to our needs and requests.
Walls are a bit thin, and we did hear bigfoot pacing in the room above us for a few nights.
Hot breakfast every morning.
Evening meal provided Mon -  Wed.  All food excellent quality!
Limited TV channels,  not able to watch our hometown Diamondbacks, as no FSAZ.

Suites are very large.
However, you can hear everything going on outside and thru the bearing walls in each bedroom.
I had to turn the fan on and insert earplugs to attempt and drown it out.
Aaargh.

I stayed here for three nights for a business trip.
The room itself was decent enough, a nice size with the feel of something that had recently been remodeled.
However, the bed was positioned in such a way that a security light outside shone directly into my eyes as I tried to sleep- nothing that a few towels couldn't fix.
The carpets were being cleaned during my stay, and this is the one thing that specifically knocked off a star in rating.
They were cleaning in rooms that were being occupied by guests, and there's nothing like walking around on damp carpet the first thing in the morning.
Also, they were cleaning hallways and stairwells without proper ventilation, so it felt as if you were walking through a chemically-enhanced steam room.
The free breakfast was perfunctory and nothing special- everything came from either a box or the microwave.

Only stayed one night, got in late.
Room felt very tired and 'dirty'.
A/C was loud and difficult to be anything other really cold or too hot.
Was welcomed by a dog outside the exit door in the morning that reminded me of the 'Yo Quiero Taco Bell' dog.
Seemed fitting.
Staff this morning was friendly and engaging.

Hotel was clean but a little older decor.
Staff was super friendly and accommodating.

Good size room for the price.
Had a full fridge, which was great since we were there for the weekend and had kids to feed.
Breakfast was good.
Pool a little small as were the towels, but overall for the price good place to stay.
Also is aminal friendly.

This is a real nice hotel...extended stay if you prefer.
I've stayed here all week, uneventful...no problems.
The complex consists of 3 buildings...all require pass key to enter.
I like that.
The grounds are well maintained, fenced (tastefully done), and the pool/spa area is real cool, plus there is a gas BBQ which many folks have been using this week...!!!
The pool is really nice, not overly large, but cool and clean.
It is not over bearing with chemicals...thank goodness.
There is a fitness room and it is equipped with some good cardio equipment plus weights and a stationary bicycle.
The room however is quite small and cramped...I felt in need of "more air".
While my suite had a full kitchen and dining room, I did go enjoy the complementary breakfast one morning.
It was tasty and the selections were plenty.
My suite was very nice, warm and inviting, and very comfortable.
My bed was perfect, as were all six pillows.
A real good sleep here...!!!
I have no real complaints, and will stay here on my next business trip to Phoenix.
Why not 5 stars?
I don't really have any answer, except it must be "exceptional" and earned...they are almost there, just not yet.

The service and prices here were good.
My room was nicer than most Residence Inns.
I got a late check out which I needed as I was battling a flu and needed to rest through the morning before I got going.
I told the maid on day one that the drain in my shower was slow and I was pleased to see they fixed that problem.

