This had to be the worst Sonic I have ever been to!
I got food poisoning and the staff was very rude.
They took about 10 minutes to even take my order.
When they brought me my food I mentioned to them that their sign said if they do not try to up sell an order I get $2 off my next visit.
They stated that they did try to up sell.
I was not going to argue over a stupid $2 as the server was trying to but I did mention to him that the cashier did not up sell to anyone and I could hear their orders as well.
This place was terrible, has bad service and food.
I do not agree with false advertisements and rude service.
I love Sonic and I will not be returning to this one.

I just go to Sonic for their AMAZING Lemon berry slush.... ooo so good.
The best combination ever.
Real lemons and strawberries.
this thing is the best to cool you down.
AHHHHHH I want another one just thinking about it.
Happy hour starts at 3pm!

Absolutely love their staff!
First drive-thru I've been to where they actually care whether or not they have your order right.
Great place at night!

I like their Tater Tots tho I haven't had them for ages, they have good drinks, the breakfast sandwiches are pretty good,  though not very healthy I'm sure.
A coupla nights ago I stopped in here late to try out their Holiday Chocolate Mint Milkshake.
It was pretty good,  very creamy,  good flavor,  about a dollar more than the Peppermint one at Arby's.
Both had tons of peppermint slivers in them.
I'd rather just have the mint flavor without the particles I have to chew.
To each his own.
I'd go back but not too often.

I don't know how you can go wrong with a cherry & lime slush,corn dog and chili cheese tots!
Oh yeah, go during happy hour to get drinks half off.
In addition to happy hour (2-4pm) they run other specials but I never remember what or when they are.
It's probably a good thing I don't, otherwise I'd probably be there everyday and double in size while simultaneously going broke on the breaded and fried delights.
I'm not a fan of using sprite zero in the limeades.
No doubt they would put regular sprite in it if I asked but when I ordered one without noticing they switched it my taste buds were not happy with the surprise.

Good service, good food.
Great drinks.
not much else to say.

I was craving a burger & decided to try Sonic.
It was so good, I will be back again.
Yummy for my tummy!

Yes I came back for another burger yesterday.
Yummy!!

