My husband and I went for the weekend.
The beds were extremely comfortable.
Complimentary continental breakfast, not much to pick from.
The rooms were surprisingly very spacious.
The front desk workers were very kind.
Everything was pretty clean.
The TV was old and would get a bit of static every once in a while but over all it was a great stay and would definitely stay again.

I prefer staying at a Marriot simply because I use my rewards points.
It does not get me much, but I do know that the beds and rooms are really clean and comfortable.
A recent trip to Arizona found me at the Fairfield Inn...Granted not all Fairfield Inns are equal in size.
I looked this one up on the Marriot Website called the 800 number and was told the rooms were full.
So I made a reservation online and got in just fine..  MY COMPLAINT on this two star is the fact that on line it said the room had a space for a roll away bed which I needed for my 4 year old.
Well once we got into the room, there was NO WAY a roll out would fit.
It would have blocked the entry and the bathroom.
So please MARRIOT do not advertise room for a rollaway when clearly there isnt one.
Even the lady at the desk knew it.
No larger rooms to be had either.
So be weary travelers with kids....I'm sure it was a safety issue putting one in the door way.
The fire department would have issues im sure.
Needless to say, I moved another hotel

Great place with a driving range next door and gyms nearby,  I like staying here as it is a lower cost Marriott property with a good location for my sales calls,  The room I am in now has cathedral ceilings and ample room.
Also a microwave and small fridge,

Terrible just terrible...
The rooms are supposed to me non-smoking which is not true.
I have incredibly bad allergies and when I complained to the front desk they said I have a confirmed reservation and they will see what they can do in the morning.

Good hotel.
Great value for the price.
Not much variety for breakfast but at least they have eggs and meat plus waffle maker.
Staff very friendly.
Safe location.
Restaurants and mall nearby.
Clean rooms.

