This place has the Eye Profiler, which is supposed to read your Eye Precription closer then any Doctor can !
I was referred to this Doctor, by a friend, the contacts I was interested in are Synergeyes, which help with my Astigmatism !
I paid $10.00 plus $150.00, just to get a prescription for these contacts, I will need to go back for another appointment, that will take an 1hour and a half, to get a fitting for these contacts, which will cost $345.00, this is with 20% off, with Insurance, I also wanted to find out a price for Eyeglasses, I was looking at Designer glasses, I thought their prices were on the high side, will probably not buy Eyeglasses from here, but will get my Contacts from here, with these Contacts I will not need readers, which is a big Plus for work !
The Staff is very Friendly !

Acuity is a clean, professional, smooth running Eye Center, I have been coming here for the last 4 yrs and have no complaints.
I love how their appointment system runs, they email me after I set the appt to verify then call me 2 days ahead to remind me, and as busy as life gets I appreciate that.
Dr. Heather Betsko is very knowledgable, friendly and listens, explains in english so I understand what is needed for me.

They did not know me from Adam, but they treated me like i have been going there for years.
I have never experienced great service like that.
I loved the attention and care they gave me from start to finish.
The assistant that preformed most of the tests was very kind and considerate.
Another staff member made suggestions about my eye wear selection based on the types of glasses i continued to try on (without me prompting him).
The thing that really made me want to come back was the Doctor.
I have a unusual eye disease that I go to a retina specialist to address.
The doctor wanted to take expensive pictures of my eyes at no cost to me.
She stated she wanted to monitor the progress of the disease next time I came in.
WOW!
I would HIGHLY RECOMMEND them to anyone!
The environment is so inviting... if I didn't like my current job so much....
I would of asked if they were hiring :)

Very Friendly and patient staff.
They also have the most Advanced technology which makes things run smoothly and faster.
First Impression as I walked in: Clean, organized, friendly and educated ..
Thank you for a pleasant visit.

I have been a patient of the office for 4-5 years now, and have had great service every year.
The office is clean and well run, and Dr. Betsko and her staff are extremely efficient!
There is never a wait, and prices are reasonable for cash paying patients like myself.
A couple of years ago I had some issues with my contacts, and Dr. Betsko saw me multiple times in a week time period to help resolve the issue (which turned out to be an allergy to the product).
During my last visit Johna helped me select some new glasses, which I absolutely love!
I always recommend the office to anyone looking for eye care in the area, and everyone always comments on having a similar experience to mine.
They recently started with a text message reminder system that reminds you about upcoming appointments and also let you know when your glasses/contacts are in.
Handy for a busy person like myself!

Pretty well rounded office.
Good selection on glasses, helpful/knowledgeable staff, minimal wait times, great parking, great doctor.

