Outstanding complex.
Been living here over 3 years and am in no hurry to move.

I have lived here for a year and a half and have only had a handful of issues.
The size of the apartments are nice, the landscape is beautiful, and the people are generally friendly.
I love the office staff!

Gawd-awful.
Checked this place out to find an apartment for a relocation.
The unit I was shown smelled of urine and mold and there was visible mold in the apartment.
How anyone could live here is beyond me.

No one expects a welcome phone call when you move into a new place, but to be ignored by management when things go wrong well... IS WRONG.
The entire apartment smells of urine.
The shower leaked on first use, because the mildew is not enough to keep it sealed.
The issues are too numerous to account, but here's my letter to mgt on Sun.
We moved on Sat, and were not allowed a walk-through BEFORE we moved in.
NEVER AGAIN.
Always, always I will insist on a walk-through before I move.
We did not receive a reply, but were instructed to go to the office.
SEE The Videos at http://youtu.be/1aCkLNNlVTw  July 13, 2014  Dear Waterford Management,   We were first told our apartment would be #2044, in May of 2014.
Then, weeks before we were set to move, we were called and told our apartment would be #2030.
Like responsible people I spoke with the office and let them know we'd be changing our utilities to #2030.
We came into the office on Wednesday, July 9, 2014 to pay our move-in fees.
At that time we were informed we had been returned to our initial apartment.
No phone call, no notice or authorization by us.
Trying to make our move as easy as possible, we did what we could to change our utilities as quickly as possible to the now, re-assigned apartment #2044.
We were told to pick up our keys on Friday July 11, at 5:00 PM.
We arrived at 5 to wait for 45 minutes and asked not to enter the apartment, for inspection or otherwise.
Upon arrival the carpets were wet, and smelled of animal urine, which we determine to be dog.
Four of our friends who helped us move also experienced the strong smell of animal urine.
(Photos documented.
)  Trying to make the best of it, and not having a choice in the matter since it was 110 degrees, we'd rented a truck and arranged for our friends to help us move, we continued to move in.
We did not unpack but have been conscientious to keep wood and other porous materials away from the larger areas of contamination, so our belongings don't soak urine.
After a long day of moving we had to go to a pet store to obtain Nature's Miracle and baking soda, ($26.99 Nature's Miracle plus $8.00 for baking soda) which contains enzymes to destroy the urine that has soaked into the pad and the sub-floor.
We finally take showers in the upstairs and see the black mildew along the caulking and how obvious it is that this apartment has not been cleaned throughly or effectively.
After the shower we find a huge leak in the downstairs bathroom, water pouring on the floor from the obvious patched drywall in the ceiling.
There is mildew in the downstair bathroom and at the peak of the ceiling in the center of apartment, which indicates a previous leak; dirty kitchen floors and torn carpeting by the front door.
All documented with photographs.
This is not the apartment we were promised.
Outline:  a.
) Management changed our apartment two times; second time without our permission b.
) No pre-walk through c.) Extreme urine saturated carpeting d.) Mildew in both bathrooms e.) Substandard repairs to downstairs bathroom ceiling f.)  Substandard repairs to grout in upstairs and downstairs bathroom tile g.) Torn carpeting by front door.
UPDATE: There are many complaints with the Landlord/Tenant department.
AND, they said (in so many words) screw you, you are bound to your lease or you can pay us a few thousand dollars and be free.

