The best alterations location I've found in the Phoenix metro area, and trust me I've tried a few.
I took some men's dress shirts here about two years ago to have them altered, and they turned out perfect.
After I moved I took any new shirts I got to different tailors closer to my house, but never got quite the same level of results; now I'm back to taking everything to this place, even though it takes a while to drive across town to get here.

This place is the bomb!
I always and will always go here for all of my alterations.
I will not go anywhere else.
If you need it by a certain time they will work with you if they can.
Everything has been done to my satisfaction and I have no complaints.
I also got my wedding dress altered here and they did an excellent job and did everything they could to help me.
I love them!
I will put it like this- If you are nice to them they will be nice to you.
Another reason why I keep going here is because they are affordable and don't try to rip you off.
:) YAY FOR THEM AND FOR ME.

I am 5'0", so I require a lot of alterations and it is essential that I have a good alteration service.
I will never go anywhere other than Elegant Reflections for my tailoring services.
I have had innumerable pairs of pants hemmed here and have been completely satisfied.
They have nice private dressing rooms with real doors (I refuse to undress behind nothing more than a curtain), everyone on staff is competent and very friendly, the prices are reasonable, and they are almost always able to complete your alterations in less than a week.
I have only ever encountered one issue..when I had two pair of very thick trousers hemmed with a cuff at the bottom, the cuff seemed loose.
Since I didn't want it to get caught on something and come apart, I took them back to be adjusted.
The second alteration was done in just a couple days (in winter, which tends to be a busy busy time for them) and the new stitching was nearly indestructible!
The staff here also seems to have an exceptional memory, because even after a year hiatus- they greeted me by name!

Years later and I'm still going here.
Everything is always done in a timely manner and the women go out of their way to help you.
I love it.
They can do anything.

This alteration shop is the best in the east valley.
There is nothing these ladies cannot do,  there work is done like a professional.

Elegant Reflections does an impeccable job with alterations and they are reasonably priced.
If you go there, you will encounter Eva and she is awesome and knowledgeable.
They make me want to go through my closet and find things to get altered.

I came in here a few times before leaving the Phoenix area for some repairs and also an alteration.
The shop is easy to find and the inside spacious with lots of gowns for purchase and other fun accessories.
Everyone who has helped me was always very friendly and pleasant.
Unless someone was in getting an alteration and being pinned, I was always helped promptly.
I had some pants repaired and a dress altered.
The dress looked really nice and the pants were mostly repaired, one hole had been missed (this is understandable as there were several) and they offered to get it repaired for me immediately.
The alterations were affordable and the work was done well.
I'd definitely reccommend trying this place if you need either some alterations, repairs, or even if you are looking for a unique gown for something.

I got some alterations done and they did a wonderful job for a great price!
I will make sure I get all my alterations done here from now on!

The two ladies who work here are so wonderful.
I came to this store from the reviews on Yelp and they did not disappoint!
I needed my bridesmaid dress altered since I am pregnant and they were so welcoming and understanding.
They did not make me feel bad or causing an inconvenience because I was pregnant.
It was so wonderful to work with them and they gave me suggestions for how to make the dress look better for my pregnancy.
Not to mention it was so affordable!
I am now wondering what else I can get altered just because I know they will be affordable and do a great job.
They are sweethearts and I know I will be here again.

I don't typically take the time to write a review on Yelp but these people were amazing!
I brought them my wedding gown (almost 30 years old) and had them make two christening gowns and bonnets.
I could not have been more happy!!
They are beautiful!!
They did a spectacular job!
Since then I have returned to have pants altered, etc.
and have never been disappointed!

