I recently moved from San Francisco and my car needed a window tint right away due to the unbearable sunlight and intolerable temperature.
I searched a couple of window tint places from the website and called them for the price quotes.
I found the ranges between $160 to $300 depending on the types (UV rates, % of sunlight penetration and etc) and brands of the tint films (e.g.
3M).
I randomly drove around my neighborhood and found this place.
The one-man-can-do-everything sales and installation guy name, Roman, gave me a very good service and a reasonable price.
I went for the best one, which was the lifetime guarantee 3M (no purple color guarantee) brand.
My car is a 4 door sedan and I got pretty much everything: front and back door windows, front windshield strip and rear windshield.
About a week later, I noticed the one black glue residue (it was about 3/4" big.
) on rear windshield and asked Roman to see if I can replace the entire film.
He simply said OK and replaced it for free even if I changed the sunlight penetration rating from very dark to medium dark.
(I could not see well at night especially when I was backing up for parking and etc.
)  I am very happy with the service and recommend this place to anyone who is going to get a window tint for his/her car.
I paid cash to get more discount and it was about $70 cheaper than the highest price range.

Great service, small price.
My car looks great!

After buying a new Mini, I knew that I needed some aftermarket tint.
I had heard about A Better Tint from a friend who had a great experience so I decided to give it a whirl.
Erik and Stewart were so helpful and friendly when explaining the different types and brands of window film.
I decided to go with Formula One Pinnacle Ceramic because of the quality and heat rejection (plus it looks nice, too).
After the job was done, I could immediately feel a difference on my skin (I mean who wants skin cancer, really) and the car stays cooler in this hot Arizona heat.
I am so happy that I am going back to have my sunroof and windshield done next week.
I would recommend A Better Tint to anyone who is looking for window tint =)

Got my windows tinted here right before summer.
Whew!
My bartender recommended the place!
I was informed of all of my different options, prices, effectiveness and even what might look best on my car while still preserving the integrity of it's appearance!
The service was great and it was ready even ahead of schedule.
The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.
Their lifetime guarantee is great.
I would definitely recommend this place for tinting and alarm systems!

My younger brother was driving around in a 98 Honda Civic with no a/c AND no window tint...I just couldn't have that!
I found this place on Yelp & called to get a quote.
I spoke to Roman-who I gather does just about everything here-& he was very nice & straightforward.
He quoted me a price & stuck to it.
He didn't try to sell my brother a bunch of other crap that he didn't ask for although my brother did say that Roman told him he could replace his windshield (which he needs, too) so I have a feeling we'll be headed back soon!
Roman even called me after the service was complete & took my credit card over the phone so I could give the service to my brother as a gift.
I would certainly call him again!

Having just moved to Arizona from back east last spring and enduring an Arizona summer with no tint, I decided there was no way I was going to do it again.
A friend of mine who used to be in the tint business researched my options and told me that A Better Tint was the place to go.
I live in Tempe, and this place is all the way in Gilbert, but let me tell you it was worth the drive.
I had called a week prior and set an appointment.
Showed up at my set appointment time and they went over all of my tint options.
I opted for the Formulaone (Llumar) Pinnacle ceramic tint for my Pathfinder.
I waited in their waiting room (with free wi-fi and bottled water) for a couple hours while it was installed.
Something weird happened, and totally not their fault, but one piece of glass actually broke while they were applying the tint.
The guy was very apologetic and said that luckily they are also a glass shop, so they could have new glass installed the very next day for me, at my home or office, and it would already be tinted.
Stuff happens so I agreed to that.
True to their word, the next day they showed up at my North Phoenix office (keep in mind they had to come all the way from Gilbert) and had my new glass installed, already tinted, by 10am the next morning.
They also handed me a Starbucks gift card because they felt bad about what happened.
The tint itself is nothing short of AMAZING.
They use a special computer cutting process so nobody is actually taking a blade to your glass.
The tint is cut exactly to the specs of your vehicle.
The job is extremely professional, and aside from the darkness you cannot even tell there is tint on the windows, it's THAT good of an installation!
The heat rejection properties of the Formulaone Pinnacle are fantastic I would highly recommend it, I can't wait to see it in action in our 120 degree heat this summer!
Thank you to everyone at A Better Tint & Accessories.
I hope to return soon to have a Viper remote car starter installed too!

I was super excited to have my windows tinted finally.
It's way too hot in Arizona without tint on your car.
The guys at A Better Tint were great.
They were clean, quick and reasonably priced....best of all Lifetime Guarantee!
They went over the options and showed me what would look best.
I'm very happy I chose to use this company for my vehicle tint.
I would absolutely use their services again!

Horrible customer service.
Ended up telling them to give me back my car as price kept changing.
Great place to go if you don't mind being nickel and dined to death.
That's just bad business.
Give a person a price and stick to it.
Make sure to get the total in writing and signed by the manager!
This place won't be in business long.
When we first came in to book this appointment we should have been tipped off by the way they were talking to a lady who ticked off about being overcharged.

Horrible customer service.
Ended up telling them to give me back my car as price kept changing.
Great place to go if you don't mind being nickel and dined to death.
That's just bad business.
Give a person a price and stick to it.
Make sure to get the total in writing and signed by the manager!
This place won't be in business long.
When we first came in to book this appointment we should have been tipped off by the way they were talking to a lady who ticked off about being overcharged.

Giving out another 5 star rating in just over week....what has come over me.
Well I had to give Stewart and his guys five stars because the service and price was outstanding.
Driving 35 minutes to Gilbert......a little gas  Price for 2 windows and a strip for my windshield......47.00 thanks to a great Groupon deal  Getting there at 8:00am and leaving at 8:25 am.....PRICELESS  I mean what else can I say....if you need window tinting....and if you live in AZ you definitely do....then run don't want to A BETTER TINT.....you won't be disappointed.
Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!

These guys are great, I called at 9 am for an Appt.
and they said come on down right then.
I was in and out by 10.30 am and they did a great job.

They left dirt, hair and lint under the tint.
They gave me an appointment to take it back.
I took it back and they had it for 4 hours and still hadn't touched it.
When my husband questioned the time the "manager" got mad threw a fit had the guys in the back remove the tint and gave a refund.
Bad experience all around.

I had a Groupon for a discount on window tinting.
The shop had flexible hours and gave me an early Saturday morning appointment.
The service rep I met with was friendly and clearly explained the tinting options and pricing but did not pressure me to go for the more expensive option.
In fact, he made a point of mentioning that all of the tinting options come with a lifetime warranty (making it clear I did not have to pay more to get a tint that would last).
I live pretty far from Gilbert, so I explained that I was going to go to breakfast, then I would wait until the tinting job was done, because I did not want to drive all the way home and back to Gilbert.
The shop finished my car quickly and, so far, it looks amazing.
I will have to wait until it warms up to see if the tint really helps keep my car cooler, as claimed, but as far as service and appearance, I was very happy.
I would definitely recommend the shop.

Doesn't get any better than this place.
Seriously, I was the nightmare customer.
I cancelled last minute TWICE, I showed up an hour late to my appointment, and I had a groupon, and honestly I wasn't expecting much...you know what i got...the works.
Seriously for my cheap Yaris auto tinting they treated me like Kim Kardashian walked in to get her Beemer  hooked up.
They were fast, professional, and friendly.
My only complaint is I only get to go there once.
Oh and they also have a great guarantee.
Thanks Stewart!

Brought my 2008 Ford Edge for a windshield replacement (insurance claim).
They did an excellent job of replacing the windshield along with putting a comparable 80% ceramic tint on it.
Even after they spilled my air freshener on the dash and ruined it, they promised to make it right and stuck to their word.
Stewart and the guys showed me good customer service and followup after the accident.
That is enough for me to stick with them  Now, I have a 2011 Edge and need to have it tinted.
You can guess who I am going to.

Won't honor my expiring Groupon, though I called to schedule prior to it expiring, they can't fit me in with in the date.
So much for customer satisfaction.
Contacted Groupon and requested my money back.

I'd like to thank Groupon for refunding my money back.
Never was a customer of this place because I simply "never had time" as the response was so kindly put.

Just got my new 2012 Passat tinted at A better tint.
No only from the first time i called to ask a couple question to the point of paying for my services every single staff member was amazing.
They were there to answer questions and even give there opinion on how things would look.
I had an appointment at 10am but happen to arrive at 9:30 they got me all signed in and started working on my car immediately.
They said it would be 2 hours well they did it even faster and finished in about 1hr and 15mins.
This was one of the best groupons that i have purchased and will always get my windows tinted at a better tint.

Very pleased with our tint job!
So glad I found them on Groupon.

Don't take your new car here!!
They damaged the area around the door on my new car, a vehicle with 1,200 miles on it and will take no responsibility in getting it fixed.
The car sat on their premises for 4 hours and during this time the car was damaged.
I am now out both the $225 for the tint job and $300 to fix the door.
Not to mention that my appointment time was 8:30am and they did not even bother to work on the car until 11am.
Waste of time and money.
I was a long time customer of this business, but never again.

These guys got it going on.
Super high tech.
They used a computer cutter to cut my Honda Accord window tint patterns and installed a "ceramic" film on my car.
I went with a more elegant light shade and because of the high performance tint I still get a ton of heat blocked.
Price was fair and they had 3 guys tinting my car so it was done before I even finished reading one magazine!!!
Oh and their place is beautiful and they had a fridge full of water in the waiting room.
Nice touch.
I am going to have them give me a quote to tint my house next!!!
Great Job A Better Tint Team you really earn your name.

I recently needed a vehicle wrap removed.
They took car of it and it looks like it was never wrapped.
They also called when it was done and were very fair with the price.

5 Stars!
Very friendly staff, they were available for the time I needed and was able to complete the job faster than originally quoted (only took 30 minutes instead of 45).
Clean shop and great staff.

Recently got my 2013 Ford C-Max tinted at A Better Tint - I worked directly with Erik the owner, and he is a top notch guy.
I would definitlely recommened A Better Tint.

I have used A Better Tint on 3 of my vehicles and was so impressed with the quality of work, I had them tint the windows on my home.
All 4 experiences were pleasant and when comparing prices I found them to be one of the more affordable companies in the valley.
I would highly recommend them.

I came for the plastic coating on my new car.
The price was great, the product is superb and the service is outstanding.
I originally had the work done almost a year ago.
I've been back here twice for minor tweaks and each time was treated very well!
They are standing behind product and installation with a smile.
Why 5 stars?
Well, it's not a trivial installation and some level of post install service is likely.
But I came back almost a year later for service and was still treated like I was a brand new customer.
These guys want your business and are willing to work for it.

Damaged my interior door panel during install, left bubbles causing two visits and still did a poor job.
I got the groupon and came to this place for all my windows.
They removed the tint and replaced it with new tint.
The selection was basically medium dark or limo.
I chose medium, however, it appears lighter than the factory tint that was on it from the dealer.
When I picked up my car, there were bubbles everywhere!
They advised me, though, that the bubbles will go away after a few days.
The tint on my back window was cut too short and some regular window showed, the back passenger window had a cut mark across the tint.
Two months later, the bubbles remained.
So I brought it back in and asked them to replace the tint that had bubbles (5 windows).
The front desk woman got the tech from the back to insect my car.
I advised that my windows are dusty and to bring a rag outside.
When he came out, he made some rude comment that I dont have to tell him how to do his job.
He told the desk woman, who relayed that to me before he came out front.
The tech stated that he could get out the bubbles on one side of the vehicle (three windows) and would replace the rest.
I stressed to them that I do not want to pick it up and have there still be bubbles.
They assured me they would get the bubbles out but if they cant, they will replace.
8 hours later, I pick up the vehicle and there were still bubbles in the windows that they wouldnt replace.
It looked like they popped them and now they are just smaller bubbles but they are still there.
I called this to their attention, the front desk woman, whom stated that they cannot get out all the bubbles and that no one can ever get out all the bubbles.
I advised her that its in their warranty that they warrant against bubbles so why would they deliver the vehicle WITH bubbles if they warranty against them?
She had no answer and said she would notify her manager.
Nothing ever came of that.
No manager ever contacted me.
On my drive home I notice stab marks in my drivers door (in the plastic).
I looked over to the passenger side and there are stab marks in that door as well, but more of them.
It looks like a razor or knife.
Only thing I can imagine is if they have a razor on a belt and were careless during install, the razor began pressing in on my door panel making those marks.
I would NOT recommend this place.
I got my boyfriends windows done right after this and went with another company.
They were awesome and there were not damage or bubbles, I wish I went to them now!

I bought a groupon and took the car in, when I got there the man at the front stated he would need to charge me extra to take the tinting off ( there was no tint) prior to being able tint the car window.
I told him I didn't want to pay any extra as there was no tint on the window.
I am so dissapointed, I just think he saw a woman and felt this would be an easy extra money.
I now paid for this groupon and still no tint.

I recently purchased a groupon and scheduled an appt to have my windows tinted at this shop.
The staff was friendly and my car was done in  less time than originally quoted.
The wait area was nice, air conditioned, had free wifi, and bottled water.
After leaving the shop and returning home I noticed a small problem.
I immediately returned to the shop and spoke with Dustin.
He handled this issue with the utmost integrity and respect.
My vehicle was repaired without even a question and no more money out of my pocket.
I am truly impressed and will continue to use them and recommend them to all my friends.
Thanks again Dustin for all your help!!

This place is awesome.
I am so glad i took my Acura TSX here to get tinted.
I got it done the first time and there was a hair that made a bubble on the back window, so i took it back and they fixed it right away.
i don't blame this mistake because hey, stuff happens, and nothing is perfect.
Though, when they fixed it, it became PERFECTION.
Had my tint on for about 2 years plus now and is still beautiful as when i first got it done.
They are also real great when it comes to any problems you may have with your tints.
Thank you A Better Tint!

Took me in that day.
Took my other vehicle in 2 days later.
Great job.
Fast and tint looks perfect.
Looked into a mobile service and received no response at all!!
Will recommend A Better Tint to friends and relatives.

