I really feel the need to report this incident because the rip-off was so blatant that is was pathetic.
I recently purchased a coupon which included some "free oil changes" at this facility.
My husband took his car over to have the oil change done and during the procedure was led back to his car and was shown some gunk on his radiator cap.
The mechanic proceeded to explain that the liquid that was in the radiator was probably put there by the previous owner and was the wrong kind of liquid and had gunked up his radiator and had probably even been circulated through the whole engine.
(Now mind you, this car has never overheated, never stalled, and runs beautifully).
The mechanic pulled in his manager who then told my husband they felt really bad for him and that they would be willing to give him a new radiator at cost and the job to replace it would cost about $1500.00.
My husband called to tell me all the bad news and I told him to return home immediately so we could get a 2nd opinion.
We proceeded to take the car to ATAC, on Recker and Baseline.
Their mechanic took a look at the car and explained that the liquid in the radiator, is EXACTLY what the manufacturer recommends for this vehicle and occasionally the liquid exposed to air near the cap will coagulate.
They suggested a radiator flush and new radiator fluid, as part of a recommended routine maintenance due to the mileage on the car.
(The charge for this was about $180.00).
I couldn't believe this facility attempted to rip off my husband to that degree and would not recommend them to anyone, even if you have a coupon for a FREE OIL CHANGE.

This place is great Scott the manager has always taken care of my truck and my wifes car also.
We have never had a problem with this shop.
Sometimes SCOTT will sometimes tell me what I don't want to hear but Hey he gets the job done.
He also has a guy name Jason which is a very smart person and knows what he is talking about.
I have read some reviews like frome Jennifer C.  Hey that is good control on your husband nice to see you wear the pants in the family.

I brought my 02 accord in for an oil change with a 17.99 coupon from the mail.
Scott, the manager there, was more than welcoming when I first stepped through the doors, and it took only 30 seconds to fill out paperwork and walk out to enjoy the rest of my lunch break.
I came back later that day to pick up my car and found everything was done.
There weren't any up selling or coat haggling.
Scott told me all the other fluids in my car were still good, and I got the discounted price from the coupon plus tax and shop supplies, which were only a few bucks more.
Overall, greatly satisfied.

DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE!!!
I can't stress that enough.
Scott McCracken is the manager and the person that I had the misfortune to deal with.
My wife and I bought a brand new Dodge Charger SRT8 and wanted to make it sound better.
We have used another place for exhaust before but didn't this time due to this Midas location being closer to home.
He said and I quote "you don't want to take your brand new car to someone and have them do a hack job on it" he said "we have exhaust artists here and they will do it right".
Well when we picked the car up something didn't seem right but we though nothing of it at the time.
We took it to the original shop that had done our exhaust in the past and they got it up on a lift and I was shocked at what I saw!
The mufflers were literally beat into place, one was lower than the other, the welds were horrible, the tailpipe actually hit the rear subframe.
They left some wiring for the rear ABS sensor hanging on the tailpipe as well.
I went back to Midas and showed Scott what his guys had done and asked him to make it right.
He said, I am 100% not kidding here, "no I won't make it right".
He gave me a non working number for the owner and said that if I could get someone to pickup I might be able to talk to someone.
Bottom line if you want to get ripped off go to Midas on e southern ave in Mesa.
If you want a QUALITY exhaust shop go visit Cats Only on main at in Mesa.
They know what they are doing and actually care about their work.

I have been a loyal customer of Midas for years.
Scotty (the manager) is number one when it comes to customer service.
The mechanics there identify problems and show you before working on your vehicle.
I love the fact that most of the parts they use come with a lifetime warrantee.
I recommend this Midas auto service to my closest friends.
That's how much I value this place.

