I love breakfast and after a night of catching up with old friends and staying up way too late, we ventured over to Crackers.
We were seated fairly quickly and the service was prompt and friendly.
The atmosphere is cafeteria-like with outdated decor.
However, the menu has all of the regular breakfast offerings and then some.
I went with the Farmer's skillet and it was great.
My only complaint is that the potatoes were not crispy enough for my liking, but all in all, the flavors were good and it hit the spot.
Next time,  I think I will go with the Vatican, which got good reviews from one dining companion.
The only real negative was that the tortilla that came with the huevos rancheros was a little hard.
All in all, this is a good breakfast stop for the basics in a secluded strip mall behind the Home Depot.

Crackers has been a long term staple for me, held over from my days as a Mesa resident.
You just can't go wrong here.
Offering breakfast and lunch, everything on the menu sounds delicious and everything i've had was even better.
I'd love to be able to say that i've tried everything, but let's be real here- it's a big menu.
Crackers offers an average of six different soup selections every day, with one or two daily specials.
Same with dessert- daily selections may vary.
Both are homemade- no boxes or cans here- and they taste like the best thing your mom ever made for you, only maybe a little better.
(assuming your mother was a good cook)   The breakfast offerings are hearty and full of flavor, the lunch offerings run the gamut from light snack to full blown food coma material.
Great stuff.
Like Meredith said, the decor isn't anything special- it hasn't changed much in the 15 years or so since  I first ate here.
I think they're going for homey country charm.
It doesn't matter though- this isn't a place to go for ambiance, unless you're a reclusive Mormon housewife.
Crackers has two other locations- one out in east Mesa and one in Tempe.
I haven't been to either of those, but this one is definitely a winner.

My Favorite Breakfast place without a doubt!
BEST PANCAKES EVER!!
Love their Skillets and Huevos Rancheros they have Delicious Benedict's as well!
Only ever had an issue once where my food wasn't hot enough , but that's an easy fix.
It's worth the 35 minute drive every Saturday morning :)

My husband (the pickiest guy in the world!
) has been taking co-workers and employees to Crackers & Co. every Friday for breakfast for years, so you know it's special.
Not a big breakfast eater myself, Crackers & Co. has been my favorite for lunch as long as I can remember.
I usually hit the newest location on the northeast corner of Greenfield and Brown in Mesa.
Everything I have ever tried there has been perfection.
Their homemade soups are fantastic, as are the many and varied sandwiches and salads.
I always have to restrain myself from eating too much because I just could not leave there without ordering their specialty:  blackberry bread pudding.
Crackers has won accolades over the years for this desset.
From the sound of it (and due to the lack of chocolate), it didn't sound like anything special to me; that is, until a friend made me try it.
The combination of the warm, soft bread, the sweet blackberries, the yummy rum sauce, and the fantastic whipped cream create an incredible sensory experience.
Anyone with a sweet tooth has to try this dessert.
The warm, inviting atmosphere, plus the delicious food makes Crackers & Co. one of the Valley's best restaurants.

I would have never known that this place even existed if i wasn't invited out to breakfast this morning after my grueling (but so awesome) bike ride this morning.
It isn't the easiest place to find if you aren't looking for it.
Service was great...everybody was so helpful and friendly.
(My cousin asked for her eggs a certain way and they came out watery...and were so pleasant to deal with when she needed them to take it back.
) I loved the decor of the restaurant; I thought it was very cute.
The menu was so diverse, I didn't know what to get.
(I was tempted to get the chocolate chip pancakes that were only offered on the kiddie menu...but I knew better...)  I ended up getting the Spinach and Mushroom omelette that was also filled with cheese and bacon.
(I got it minus onions...yuck!
I am thinking about opening an onionless cafe...)  It was the first time I didn't have to put ketchup on my eggs.
They were that good.
The potatoes were awesome.
I also opted for pancakes instead of toast...and that was the only thing that I was disappointed in.
(Sorry Sarah G...) They were hard!
A little too well done for my taste.
But I won't hold it against them.
I will definitely be back to try more breakfast and their yummy sounding desserts.

Please, please get the Lemon Bar for dessert.
It was so unbelievably good.
Oh, and the breakfast was good too.
Our waitress was fantastic and very helpful and patient with our large party.

A great breakfast and lunch spot in an unlikely location - hidden in an industrial strip.
I used to work right around the corner and this is where we always took our clients and had our company lunches.
The salads, sandwiches and soups are great.
Everything on the menu is homemade and delicious.
My favorite items on the menu are the Roast Beef Avocado Melt, Pecan Honey Dijon Salad, Cream of Spinach and Artichoke Soup, Chicken Tortilla Soup.
If you're in the area, drop in.

Tried Crackers & Co. for the first time after trying TC Eggingtons the weekend before, and I'd have to say Crackers & Co wins by a star.
Had the Oscar Crabby Omelet which is a Saturday special, and it was perfect, light yet satisfying.
BF had the Vatican Skillet and didn't finish b/c he got full off of the several bites he took of my appetizing omelet.
Their menu makes you want to come back for more.
Can't wait till next weekend when I can try  the California Benny or Blintzes (crepes).

I used to go to this location after my bowling league would finish.
It was a wonderful lunch spot with awesome food.
I love their soups.
There is another location I believe on Greenfield out near Brown Rd.
I haven't eaten at that one but it looks like a nice place.

I love this place!!
Their breakfast is amazing!
The location is a little hard to find, but it's worth the search.
The interior design is very neat, they have faux finished on their wall, it makes it seem like you're in Tuscany.
hahaha or maybe not.
I would suggest everyone at least try this place once.
It's just a good place to enjoy a great morning breakfast.

This place is incredible.
It's one of those places you would never know was there unless you knew it was there.
They have an enormous menu, although I've only been there at lunch time.
I always get the Greek Salad, and it soooooooooooooo rocks!
You just won't be disappointed if you eat here!

It is impossible to over-hype this restaurant!
It is, bar none, the best breakfast food i have ever eaten.
The restaurant is immaculately clean, the wait staff is top notch and takes great pride in their establishment.
Then their is the food!
Fresh ingredients skillfully combined and prepared to make amazing morning fare.
It is so good i went back the very next day after my first visit, and if i hadn't left phoenix that night, i would have gone back again the next morning.
The first day my companion and I split 2 meals, biscuits and gravy and what they called the California Benny.
The biscuits where obviously homemade.
They were buttery and soft like little pillows of heaven.
The sausage gravy was criminally delicious.
If it was socially acceptable, i would have drank that gravy out of a glass.
It was served with two eggs cooked perfectly and their take on breakfast potatoes.
The potatoes were cut like scalloped potatoes but prepared like breakfast potatoes and the high surface to mass ratio gave them a wonderful crispy texture.
The California Benny was a twist on the traditional Eggs Benedict.
It was an English muffin topped with bacon, spinach, tomatoes, avocado, poached eggs and hollandaise sauce.
It was more delicious than i could ever have imagined!
the Eggs were again perfectly cooked and all the vegetation was wonderfully fresh and flavorful.
The hollandaise was also amazing.
It was very creamy, smooth and lemony.
At the end of our meal, our waiter had a treat for us because it was our first time.
He brought each of us a small dish of their rum soaked bread pudding.
It was amazing!
When we went back the next day, i again had the biscuits and gravy, somehow resisting the urge to ask for a glass full of gravy, augmented with wonderful rye toast and my companion had cinnamon french toast.
The french toast was soft and wonderful and the biscuits and gravy were just as good as the first time.
This phenomenal food combined with the terrific service could easily be priced above the $20 per person mark and people would willingly pay.
However, the owners keep the experience open to everyone and charge a mere pittance for their amazing breakfast food.
Each day we left spending less than $10 per person.

Okay, I'm tired of looking at this on the front page.
Every time I see those delicious looking pancakes cluttering up my page, I want to slather them with butter as if I'm rubbing lotion on a similarly brown beach babe.
Yes!
With my hands!
I seriously am infatuated with this place.
I've only been 3 or 4 times, but whenever we make plans to go, I get so excited.
That being said let me get specific.
The pancakes are good, the eggs (over-easy) are good, and the toast sopping up my running egg yokes are good.
The breakfast potatoes are good, the fruit cup is good, and hell... my coffee is even good.
Oh did I say good?
I meant Great!
The service is top notch and they will make pretty much whatever you want (if they have the ingredients and know-how).
Plus, where else can you go to eat breakfast with rooster statues staring at you?
Located behind the Home Depot on Country Club/Baseline, this is a hidden secret of the Mesaonians...

If you love French toast and cinnamon rolls, then you MUST try C&CC's Cinnamon French toast.
Be sure to have all your life affairs in order, bec.
once you've finished your plate, you'll be happy enough to leave this Earth and on your way to a higher state of existence :)  The carrot cake and blackberry bread pudding are pretty heavenly, too.
The ambience is so cozy.
Victorian and country-cottage all at once.
So adorable.
A great place to take visiting relatives and friends to, serving up great food and a welcoming atmosphere.
Check out their menus online... breakfast and lunch specials change daily.

I have been eating at Crackers for years and I can honestly say I have NEVER had a bad meal.
Their food is so friggin good that i'm craving it right now as I type.
From breakfast (sirloin or california eggs benedict are my two faves) to lunch (any salad or soup is great and of course the best sandwich ever - Roast Beef Avocado Melt) to dessert (world famous Bread Pudding and the ever so chocolaty Kahlua Brownie) you cant go wrong!!
great atmosphere.
Always packed.
great service.

Love this joint for breakfast.
Great Eggs Benny.
Great service.
I need to branch out and sample more of the menu, but everything I've seen looks great.

Still Loving Crackers after all this time!
They are one of the few places I've been to recently that doesn't seem to be cutting corners and going down hill!
One of my favorite lunches is the "Turkey Avocado Melt" it's called the Roast Beef Avocado Melt on the menu but I always get it with Turkey and a side of fruit!
(see pics)  Maybe it's the special sauce or that light and crispy grilled sourdough garlic bread but it's a Damn Good Sandwich I find ,my self craving all too often!
Try it you'll love it!

Unfortunately this restaurant is closest to our office so am often dragged here by fellow workers and visitors.
Atmosphere is good, its generally always busy and service is very friendly and quick.
patio is fun to eat out on when weather is cooler.
Bathrooms are clean and overall the place has a good atmosphere.
There appears a large selection on the menu - I find most of the items rather un-inspiring.
There is the tendancy to go with large portions rather than quality food.
maybe I'm expecting too much, but I'd hope for a few dishes that were a bit more inspired.
My test of a restaurant is what they offer for vegetarians and they fall flat on their face for that.
Salad dressings are poor, soups are generally too salty and many dishes very heavy.
Have to say most of the folks I go with seem to like the restaurant.
The breakfasts are not bad, but again its volume rather than quality.
Perhaps I'm wishing for too much and should consider it more in terms of a diner style food...

I've been here two times and both times I have been pretty pleased with what I have ordered.
They serve quality food here, have speedy services, and the prices are pretty easy on the wallet.
The Belgian Waffle Sandwich is pretty good.
I will warn you though, don't order this and expect it to be served like a sandwich.
It's more like a plate with a waffle, bacon, and eggs on the side.
Kind of weird, I just figured if I ordered a sandwich, all the good stuff would be smooshed between the waffle.
That's okay, I quickly remedied and mortified the old people sitting nearby as they watched in horror as I clutched my waffle sandwich like a cavegirl and tore in.
Haha, I love freaking old people out.
I have also had the Three Musketeers Omelet, and this guy is a beast of an egg creation.
It is completely packed with all the good stuff (bacon, sausage, and cheddar) and then it is topped with an overly indulgent, rich hollandaise sauce.
There was no way I was going to finish it, but it was very tasty.
Another good thing about this place is that they have speedy and efficient service here.
They get you your drinks quickly and take your order as soon as you set your menu down.
Then your food will come out so quickly that you will swear the cooks have telepathy.
Definitely a good place to go for breakfast.

For a suburban breakfast spot, I am always surprised to find that we get seated right away at Crackers & Co.  You can't get near Black Bear Diner at the same time of day but you can walk right in to Crackers & Co.
It is really a testament to how quickly they churn out food and turn over tables.
Every time I go I try something different.
While I've only been for breakfast, I am always satisfied with my order.
It comes quickly and tastes great.
While nothing compares to Matt's, this is as good as it gets for this kind of breakfast place.
I would take Crackers & Co over any of the competition any day.

Another Breakfast stop in our Spring training galavant.
This one was somewhat close to Hohokam stadium and the Yelpers said good things about it.
SO, off we went.
This place is in a very industrial looking complex on a side street behind Home Depot.
.There is also a hotel nearby, likely where a little of the traffic to this place comes from.
It is pretty unsuspecting when you see it, but you will not be disappointed.
The place does have some outdoor seating and also a very big dining area.
We were seated quickly and then had the duty of trying to decide what to have.
There are lots of choices, pancakes, waffles, eggs, omelets, etc.
And if you eat breakfast like we do, at 10-11am, lunch even starts looking tempting.
We try not to be too distracted.
The restaurant was moderately crowded.
The lunch crowd really filled in toward the end of our meal.
We finally decided on a waffle sandwich for me and SG had a sausage, bacon and cheddar cheese omelette.
Both of us were very pleased with what we ordered.
My waffle had a big rooster in the middle (image on the waffle grill).
SG enjoyed his very meaty breakfast.
Perfect protein to get through the rest of the day at the ballgame.
We did have trouble getting our bill and settling up.
Our waiter had great trouble it seems with running our credit card.
We will have to make sure to look at our bill and make sure they did not bill us 5 times.
Overall a very good breakfast, especially if you are headed out to Mesa for something.
And, they serve it all day long, so you do not have to rush.

This is Mesa's best breakfast, hands down!
This is one of my family's favorite Saturday/Sunday brunch places in the valley.
Crackers & Co. is great food at great prices and we always take out-of-town guests there when visiting!
I was never a fan of eggs unless they were scrambled or in an omelette, but Crackers showed me the way to delicious fried and poached eggs!
The Eggs Benny is great, both Traditional and California-style.
Their omelettes are huge and never overcooked (my fave: Spinach Mushroom) .
The skillets are mighty tasty and really satisfying (my fave: The Vatican with eggs over easy).
Try their French toast... it's got great flavor and is delightfully crispy.
If you get a chance, try lunch there!
Their soups are so scrumptious and the sandwiches are to die for!
The Cream of Spinach and Artichoke soup tastes just like a bowl of spinach and artichoke dip, and they don't skimp on the artichokes at all!
The Chicken Dumpling soup is seriously the best I've ever had (I'm not even a fan of dumplings!)!
The Roma Tomato Chicken Melt is my favorite sandwich on the menu (such good flavor!
), followed closely by the Drunken Chicken sandwich.
Their burgers are quite good and along with their salads, they serve up a hefty portion!
Beware though of 30 to 45 minute wait times on the weekends in the winter due to snowbirds flocking for breakfast.
The wait times let up about 12:30P though, so it's great for those who can't decide between breakfast or lunch!

This is a gem.
They recently opened other sites, but this one is the best.
Nestled on a small road behind Home Depot, it's a wonderful suburban breakfast nook.
My favorite meal here is the pork carnitas, and I barely have to wait for a table (don't got at 1030 on a Sunday though, if you don't want to work).
We don't go every weekend anymore, but the wait staff always remembers us and greets us with a smile.
We've barely ever had a bad experience here.
If you want a southeast breakfast place along the 60, go here!

Yes.
I came here because of the high reviews, I'm a dork.
: ) It reminded me of Marie Callendar's when we walked in because of the glass cases of pies that were close to the hostess counter.
It's nice that it's so close to my house!
Nice breakfast/lunch place other than the obvious Waffle House that's hanging around the street.
It's hidden near Home Depot, in an industrialized-looking area, but it has plenty of parking, and we went on a Sunday.
We liked sitting in the outside patio area, nothing beats a lazy brunch on a 73 degree day!
I was feeling more like lunch (had the philly cheesesteak sandwich), he was feeling more like breakfast (had the omelette), both were really yummy.
Would have had 5 stars if the waiter didn't mix our table with the tab of another table, but was very good overall.

This is one of my all time favorites.
I love their breakfast entrees, their soup & sandwich lunchtime combos, and their award winning blackberry brandied bread pudding.
That is the best ever!
And if you're dining fantasies include being served by Hugh Jackman, then make sure to ask for Travis' section.
Yeah, he's a little shorter than Wolverine, but he looks and sounds strikingly similar.

I love this restaurant so much that it has become a weekly routine for breakfast.
The breakfast is amazing -- my favorites are the cinnamon french toast and any of their skillets.
They recently added chocolate chip scones to the menu, thanks to my recommendation!
I have only had one of their sandwiches and have no complaints there, either.
This location is a little hard to find, but is definitely worth it!

My mother and I tried this Little nook today and it was fantastic.
It was very busy, so come with a little patience, but everything was worth the wait.
The staff was super friendly and the food was amazing.
I ordered the New Hampton Skillet, which was country potatoes with bacon, chicken, broccoli and cheese.
The combination was delicious.
My mom ordered their cinnamon swirled french toast and she said it was great.
The portions are large, and I took home leftovers.
Very decent pricing, about the same or less than Mimi's Cafe, but the food was better!
I can't wait to go back to try lunch and something off their dessert menu!

A Saturday morning breakfast at Crackers--or Crack Whores as my uncle and I jokingly and lovingly refer to our favorite breakfast place--is soooo filling.
I also like to order from the lunch menu as well (if we go after 10am)...cream of spinach and artichoke soup!
the drunken chicken sandwich!
the spinach salad (with green apples)!
Hidden in an industrial complex off of Country Club in Mesa, Crackers & Co is a great place to meet, a great place to take people, and has a surprisingly mild wait--even at weekend brunch time (the longest I've waited is about 20min...mostly there's no wait at all the farther from noon you get)  Ask for the fries well done and the spicy mayonnaise!

Hilarious warehouse location converted into a restaurant with the inside painted like it's trying to be an Olive Garden or possibly a funeral home.
Lots of space & seating inside, and overall service was prompt.
Food was very good, especially the home fries which were cooked well (slightly crispy) which was just right for me.
Omelette is a good size, and pancakes were alright however the syrup was flavorful.
Good portions, good value, and not a pretentious atmosphere.

My favorite breakfast spot in the East Valley.
Crackers is hidden away in an industrial park, but it's worth tracking down.
You'll forget that you're parked behind a Home Depot once you get inside.
The staff is professional and friendly, and the wait is usually minimal, even on busy Sunday mornings.
This is a fantastic place to take your out of town guests, but please leave your kids at home.
They're welcome there, but they annoy me.
I generally order either the breakfast sandwich (canadian bacon, scrambled egg and cheddar on a fresh croissant -- always perfect), or the traditional breakfast, which I transform into Andrea's Personal Breakfast special by making 8 special requests.
They'll add pretty much anything to anything (if they have it) and make it any way you want.
Amazingly, they rarely get special orders wrong.
The portions are huge, but the quality is good.
Fruit is always reliably fresh, and if you like sweet, unhealthy breakfasts, try the french toast.
It's more of a dessert than a day-starter.
Lunch is as good as breakfast, though my experience with there lunch is infrequent.
The soups are outstanding and a definite must-have for lunch.

I was looking to try something new this weekend, with it being Memorial Day and all.
Searched on Yelp, and found this place.
It sounded really interesting and different, which is what I had in mind when I was looking for a new place.
Found the place and its located in a business district.
I thought it was kinda cool cause its in a warehouse type place.
Not your typical resturant location!
The place is decorated fine.
Um, it gave me a greekish feel becuase there was some leaves painted over the hostess area that made me this way, despite it not being a greek resturant.
I was greeted immediately and sat in the front of the resturant.
It was very early, so I ordered breakfast.
Server was fine, knowledgeable and friendly.
I ordered the French Toast and it was served on cinamon bread.
Holy crap was it tasty!
I ate it really fast and devoured in its delicousness.
I really enjoyed my experience here.
Its more of a homey feel.
Not your typical trendy breakfast resturant, but delicous enogh to gorge yourself on some pretty good food at some pretty good prices.
I can see myself taking my mom here.
I noticed a lot of older people here as well, but then again, it was also like 8:30 in the morning on a Sunday, so I guess all the old timers were getting thier breakfast on.
I will be back!

How did I not know this place existed?
Actually never mind because it is hidden behind home depot but due to the help of Yelp, I found this place and have been back about 6 times already in the last month or so.
Everything I have had so far is delicious and its priced right.

The best breakfast in the Valley...PERIOD!
If someone can think of a better breakfast place AND THEY HAVE EATEN HERE, send me a PM.
I usually write long accounts nit picking places but it would be disingenuous to do that with Crackers.
I've eaten at many of hte best places in NY and SF and aside from this place's lack of pretense, the food is right up there with those places.
Of course, you will never hear that from someone from those cities but food for food, this place is as good if not better than those places.
Furthermore, if you are going to knock it down a star because it's located in an industrial strip mall then you my friend are a fool...no ifs ands or butts, you are a fool.
The biscuits and gravy are better than most places I've eaten at in the Deep South including Oklahoma, Tennessee and Mississippi.
The eggs are well eggs...I still laugh when food critics like to critique a place based on their eggs.
The real draw to Crackers is that unik 99% of most diners and famous breakfast places, Crackers actually makes all their own food from scratch including the deserts.
Everything is home made and you can taste it.
One last thing, if people said they ate here and it wasn't busy, they are lying.
This place is always busy.
I used to work near it and even when I tried to time the place I couldn't because it has limited hours and its patrons are loyal.
Trust me, I'm a Dr. and I'm not Julius Erving.

Food a solid 5, service this visit a 2.
I'm sure that's a fluke, and will update when I go back.
Our server was bad.
We were happy to get seated right way when entering on Sunday morning.
We were given our menus and told our waitress would be right with us.
Yeah, not so much.
Took her quite a while to come on by, so we ordered our food along with our coffee.
Brought our coffee pretty quickly.
Our food came pretty fast, but was not delivered by our waitress.
Didn't see her again for a while, which was very annoying as we both wanted water.
She finally showed back up and we asked for water.
About 10 minutes later, still hadn't seen her (she wasn't serving any other tables in our area, which was probably the problem).
A lady with an assistant manager badge came around and we finally got water from her.
When it was time to pay the bill, I left my card with my friend as I went to the bathroom.
The waitress came while I was gone, but there was some confusion and she didn't take the bill.
We sat there at least 15 more minutes before she finally showed up again, right as I was going to ask someone else to please take care of our bill for us.
Food was EXCELLENT, so I'll return for sure.
Hopefull with a different server.
Had the traditional breakfast: eggs with cheese, fried potatoes, sourdough toast and country fried steak.
All hot, perfectly cooked, very delicious.
My friend had the blintzes, said they were very good.
I know they looked great!

Quite fantastic food with decent service.
Had the traditional with bacon, eggs (a bit closer to over hard while I had ordered over medium) and amazing potatoes, great toast, and a great biscuit.
The girlfriend ordered the crab eggs benedict, one of their specials, which was fantastic, except that she found a few pieces of shell, which is a jarring and unpleasant experience in ANY crab dish.
We finished off with the blackberry cinnamon bread pudding and it nearly killed us with its deliciousness.
I was dithering on whether or not we could finish an entire serving, and thus, if we should get it to go or not, and the waiter offered to bring out a sample with the rest to go, which was really perfect and totally appreciated.
Seriously, they say "award-winning" and they say it's great, but until you've tried this... you have not had dessert.
It.
Was.
Incredible.
AJ's also has it on sale if you need a quick fix.
Will be returning definitely.
Very tasty.

I went here last sunday and will make this brief since everyone's covered so much of it before.
And my opinion seems to be a square peg.
Decorated kind of a cross between cute midwestern farmhouse and currently-popular Tuscany theme.
That said, I liked the wallpaper where we were sitting and the lighting fixtures.
Not to dwell on the decor but the food simply wasn't that good for me.
I was initially interested by the crabmeat Eggs Benedict but when it came it tasted just like fish, not crab and it was short on hollandaise.
Overall it was average except in the price - the final bill for 2 breakfasts (even "fancy" ones) and coffee came to about $25, which seems like a lot to pay.
Ok, way too much for breakfast.
The coffee (unlike a lot of other places) was relatively good and we were seated asap - a plus but I just don't see going back.

yumm so good, hard to find though!
But its the best breakfast place that I've found around here..but I'm still looking ;)

After searching Yelp for a good breakfast option I chose Cracker & Co.
The place was busy but not chaotic.
Tables weren't jam packed together which isn't always the case for breakfast joints.
We went around the time the after church folks probably go.
We were seated promptly and quickly placed our drink orders.
I chose the Onassis omelet with a side of pancakes (+ strawberries and whip cream).
Not sure what my girlfriend got but she enjoyed hers.
I knew I couldn't finish all that I ordered so I focused on the pancakes, they were very tasty.
The omelet was good but the potatoes on the side were great.
They were thinly sliced instead of little cubes like most places.
We both have plenty of food leftover that we took it home.
In all, with a coffee, OJ, and our meals it was around $25.
My pancakes were an extra $1 and so were the strawberries and whip cream.
Best breakfast I have had in town and we tried out Brunchie's once from the rave reviews on here.
If you want an overrated breakfast joint, go there.
Way too busy and loud with slightly above average food, but nothing unique.
I doubt I'll go back there even though it is  mile from my gf's house.
But we will definitely make the 3 mile trip up to Crackers and Co. Café.
The person that complained about a $25 breakfast for 2 two being expensive needs to join the rest of us in the 21st Century.
2 coffees cost $5, the Crab Eggs Benedict isn't even on the menu so either it doesn't exist or was a daily special.
Everyone knows daily specials tend to be pricier, especially if you add seafood to it.
Who orders crab with breakfast anyway?
If you expect real lump crabmeat at a breakfast joint than you shouldn't be eating and ordering it.
Either way that makes your breakfasts about $9 each (left room for tax), since when is that outrageous?
If you want to eat off the Value Meal I am sure McDonald's will be happy to take your order.

LEcker!!
Another good place to find your breakfast, brunch, lunch!.
I tried the healthy granola pancake and the tortilla chicken soup.
The place has nice decoration and even when you have full house, the noise is not disturbing.
Good attention and even parking places!

Wow.
I have never been blown away by breakfast as I was here.
Never.
Simple.
Hearty.
Filling.
Good price.
What more can I ask for?
I ordered (can't remember the name...my bad) a croissant with eggs, cheese and bacon in it which came with a side of fresh fruit.
I was greeeeedy heffa and ordered a side of their homestyle potatoes/fries.
OMG they were so good and a little different from what I've normally been served...they were buttery, creamy and tasted of dill or a different type of season one doesn't usually experience.
The potatoes were soft and crunch at the SAME TIME~ I know, I'm so easy to please...but it was so worth it.
Hubby ordered the Three Musketeers and he was suitably impressed as well...he cleared everything off on his plate and looked so happy.
After an early start of hitting the mall (to get his computer fixed) and then me dragging him around Home Depot (lights needed to be replaced), this was such a lovely way to get in a late breakfast at 11am.
I'll definitely be back to try their other items on the menu - it all looks so wonderful.

Went on a Sunday at yelp's recommendation and was pleased with the food, but my overall experience wasn't great.
The douche who took my order told me ten minutes and when I arrived exactly ten minutes later, he says, "That was fast!
I just put your order in right now!
"  I was thinking this food better be damn good you knucklehead...
I ordered the 222 Breakfast with 2 Pancakes, 2 Sausage and 2 Eggs.
The eggs were perfectly fluffy and seasoned to perfection and traveled well for a pick up order.
The breakfast sausage was really good and I am very picky about good breakfast sausage.
It was fresh and cooked very well.
I ordered a side order and demolished them also.
The pancakes were thick and fluffy, very very good pancakes!
My wife ordered the cinnamon french toast and while she just thought it was good, I thought they were the best I'd ever had!
I almost had to pull the car over in the middle of traffic on my way home to take a bite.
The smell was intoxicating and literally almost drove me insane on my short drive home.
Overall very good food, but the guy who took my order was not with it.
The only redeeming quality of the customer service was the nice young lady who handed me my food with a smile.
Oh and did anyone mention it's behind the Home Depot?
hahah  PS - No wait on Sunday at 9am, got right in.
Plenty of seats, but it was starting to fill up at about 9:30am

We had lunch here and loved it.
Had a wonderful sandwich and everyone in our group loved everything they got.
But to be honest the dessert we had, still to this day, pleasantly haunts my dreams.
We ordered the GIANT layered chocolate cake and the cake was SO moist, I couldn't believe it.
But the frosting blew my mind, and I'm fat mind you, so I have high standards.
The frosting was like fudge from Disney World or Rocky Mountain Chocolate factory.
It was totally unbelievable.
I occasionally have to ask my wife if that was a real experience cause it was amazing and sometimes I think it had to have been only a dream, but it was real.
Love this place.

I Love, Love, (Let me repeat it once more for effect) LOVE this place.
I was invited out to brunch with a few people and was unsure about this place, it was kinda hidden behind the home depot...in fact I missed it the first time I went there.
Being a vegetarian I looked at the menu and noted almost everything had meat...which may be my only small issue with the place..the lunch is pretty meat based.
HOWEVER!!!
one beautifully glow point...they will take it out, make exceptions and add things with no issue.
Once they came out with it wrong, it was taken off my bill, immediately fixed, apologized for and I have never had any issue with service.
Actually, haha I've been in several time but my last visit was in August(Which this is where I demanded breakfast/lunch on my birthday).
I walked in Saturday at 12:10, told them I needed to be out by 12:30 and they were incredibly accommodating.
Made sure I was seated where I could read (I went alone) and the food was out by 12:20, so I had enough time to eat, pay and leave.
Also the waitress thought ahead and brought my drink in a to go cup.
The (I believe) manager Kat remembered me from August!
Execellent customer service, Excellent Food and to the person who complained about prices...have you been to IHOP/Dennys Or Village Inn lately?
Crackers is on the same level if not somewhat cheaper for some things.
P.S.
Try the tea & Bread Pudding!
Its great and my vegetarian friends don't be afraid to tell them to subtract the meats.
I always get the New Hampshire Skillet - No Meat, add in tomatoes, spinach, mushrooms and it comes with broccoli.
YUM!

Best Belgian waffles.
Upon entering in my gym clothes I thought I was severely underdressed based on the fancier surroundings of the restaurant.
Looking around however you can dress as you wish.
After combing the city for Belgian waffles and golden corral breakfast only open on weekends I yelped for some waffles.
FYI if you just type in waffles waffle fries is what will be searched so make sure you're specific:) the waffles were fluffy, big and the strawberries were fresh.
The warm syrup put it over the top.

I've been going here many years.
The food is always very, very good.
Soups are fantastic, sandwiches are hearty and flavorful, and the service is excellent.
Prices are reasonable and the food quality and quantity is probably the best bang for the $ you'll get in a place like this, anywhere I've been - and I travel a lot.
I really cannot think of a single thing I can fault this place for.

I love this place!
Food, staff and service are EXCEPTIONAL!!
The only reason I wouldn't rate them a 5 star is that almost every time I come here I have to wait for a table!!
I wish they would expand so they could service more people.
Other than that, this place is perfect!

Such nice, nice people.
I can't say enough about the excellent service.
We had breakfast and the flat iron steak benny was outstanding.
The breakfast burrito was huge and flavorful.
An order of the fluffiest pancakes I've ever eaten served as our dessert.
I had a heads up about the place being behind the Home Depot and had no trouble finding it.

This place is one of the reasons why I love living in Mesa.
I first found it when I was working nearby in the one of the most soul-crushing jobs I've ever had.
The only bright spot in those days was the occasional opportunity to grab lunch here and eat it in the vacant lot behind work before trudging back to four more hours of mindless test scoring.
Everything is good, and the value is awesome.
Be prepared to wait for a table, even on weekdays.

Stopped here with my wife and inlaws after the first place we went to had an hour wait.
Came here based upon the reviews on Yelp.
After waiting 20 minutes for a table, I ordered the traditional breakfast with the flat-iron steak.
I ordered the steak medium, but it came well done.
The eggs and potatoes were okay, but nothing really special.
The english muffin was good.
The service was good, but three stars based upon the food.
Nothing was terrible, but nothing amazed me either.
I expected more for the wait.

One of my fave places to come to for Breakfast.
Bring folks from out of town here and try their different creations and omelettes :)  There are a lot of other great reviews posted so read them and go eat :)

The carnitas we're awesome.
The pancakes we're huge and tasty!
Our waitress Hanne was awesome!
The potatoes we're fresh.
We have no complaints.
I could understand if someone had a long wait but it makes sense if the place was packed cause everything was made to order!
Fortunately, we got their really early for breakfast.

Ok, so I went here on a Saturday morning last weekend and it was awful.
I loved that it was tucked away and had ample parking even though the lot was pretty full.
I was seated right away.
I ordered the cinnamon sugar french toast even after having my doubts from seeing it brought out to someone else.
Ugh I hate when I don't go with my gut instinct against something!!
It wasn't soaked with the batter all the way through so it was like dry bread on the inside.
There wasn't enough cinnamon either.
Not sure why it is allowed to carry that name or be on their favorites list!
There was plenty to eat though, so if you don't require flavor, it will be filling.
I began talking to a couple sitting next to me during the meal and they too were out hunting for a good breakfast in the east valley.
He ordered a skillet.
It didn't come out in a skillet and it was more like a stew than a skillet.
It was so wet and disgusting.
I hadn't gotten to her before they ordered so she had the french toast as well and it was just a bland for her.
She covered hers in syrup and said it was much better that way but I believe if a steak is good you don't add A1 and if a pancake, french toast or waffle is good it doesn't need it either!!
Not sure why everyone else had such a great experience here!
Probably just all of my bad luck!

God, I love Cracker and Co. Coma-inducing sumptuousness.
On those rare occasions that I order something other than a skillet breakfast, I am always rewarded - I've never had anything that wasn't tasty and cooked with apparent love.
This is some seriously delicious food.
My only complaint is that their hours are too short.

Over the last few months, through countless meals of eggs and bacon, sausage and pancakes, juice and coffee, I have become an expert judge of breakfasts...
Please take this into account as you weigh my review.
THIS IS THE BEST BREAKFAST IN THE PHOENIX AREA.
I had the granola healthcakes -- they weren't very healthy but they were good and worth every single calorie!
The bfast skillets all looked delicious, as did the California Eggs Benny.

Superb breakfast.
Best French toast I've had in some time- perfectly made and delicious.
They have good southwestern breakfasts too, like the Spicy Mexican skillet and pork carnitas skillet.
Will definitely be coming here again when I'm looking for a good place to eat breakfast.

Went here yesterday on our way to the Mesa waterpark.
We love breakfast and this place definitely met our expectations.
They had a big menu with lots to choose from.
My boyfriend got the breakfast burritos and he loved it.
I had the biscuits and gravy.
We were very pleased and will be back soon!

I love love love brunches!
And this is definitely a must.
The service is nice and friendly.
A table for 2 is no wait at all but make sure to call in advance for larger parties.
Their european crepes is a must!
It satisfied any crepe craving - top with berries and apples and more whipped cream...YUM.
Their omelets are just as good.
I liked their California omelet :) And if you have the room, their warm bread pudding.
If you can't tell by now, I love desserts.
Get creative and pick something different every time!
This is an excellent choice for good ol' traditional American cooking.

First of all, I have to say I checked "Nearby" on Yelp from my friend's house in Mesa, and only 5 restaurants came up, total.
Of course, I filtered by "Open Now" and it was Sunday morning.
Crackers is our default breakfast spot in Mesa, so to Crackers we headed.
I don't even know why I look at the menu, because I always get the "Breakfast 222" (scrambled).
It's 2 eggs, 2 slices of bacon or sausage, and two ginormous pancakes.
The service is super-fast, and the portions are huge (as evidenced by the number of obese patrons).
The food is yummy, and they keep your beverages full.
We noticed a sign twirler for Crackers on the corner of Country Club and Iron, and we were a little surprised, because you usually have a brief wait for a table there on Sunday morning.
Today, we were seated right away, and there were several empty tables.
This is NOT typical of Crackers, and potential guests should probably expect a short wait.
Crackers serves breakfast and lunch.
I've had lunch there once or twice.
My friend had the soup, and was not impressed.
I'm not a big salad and sandwiches type person, so I'd pass on lunch there again, but I will always recommend it for breakfast.
If you're vegetarian or vegan, however, you won't find much on the menu to your liking.

Never heard of this place before today but I wanted to go somewhere I'd never been.
I love breakfast foods so I knew that even if it wasn't the best, I would enjoy it.
It's tucked out of sight, near the Holiday Inn on Country Club.
It's housed in what looks like industrial office buildings but it's not a well kept secret it seems because the place was packed, but still no wait on a Sunday, mid-morning.
I'm so, so glad I found this place on Yelp.
My mother got a plate of cinnamon swirl French toast.
The slices of bread were SUPER thick but still saturated with the egg and cooked all the way through.
It was served with a honey butter and hot maple syrup and it was so delicious.
I got the three meat omelette but after seeing another meat omelette they called The Musketeer, I knew I had to also get it smothered in their hollandaise sauce.
I got the Meat Lovers because it also included their honey pit-roasted ham.
It was amazingly good and I'll be sure to get hollandaise sauce on all my omelettes now.
It was served with a side of "country potatoes" only these were sliced rather than cubed like most places.
They were seasoned perfectly and had just the right amount of skin.
I also had a slice of what I assumed was in-house baked sourdough toast.
It was thickly sliced and just perfect.
Their "famous" desert menu caught my eye because they had a Cinnamon Blackberry Bourbon bread pudding with real whipped crème.
It sounded amazing and tasted just as good.
I didn't have room for it but I forced it down anyway because it was just so delicious.
I definitely recommend this place to breakfast lovers.
I can only assume their lunch menu is just as delicious!
It was also really fairly priced for the quality (about $8 or less a plate and dessert was $5).
I also had a raspberry lemonade which was fresh, not pre-made box lemonade.
Thick and sweet with just the right amount of tart and flavour.
Perfection.
The wait staff was also super friendly and prompt.
I'll definitely be coming here again and again.

What?
I don't get it.
Why the heck does this place have so many 5 star reviews?
The food was bland and meh.
No thanks.

Whoa Whoa Whoa!
How Have I NOT written a review to crackers yet?!
Crackers and Co. is my absolute favorite breakfast place by far.
I rant and rave about how i always want to go because...I LOVE Breakfast!
Their country potatoes are to die for when you get them served fresh.
Now i am not saying they have came out gross before i just do not like eating potatoes or french fries after i have left a restaurant they just aren't the same.
I cant believe someone thinks their food is bland.
they must have made a wrong choice somewhere.
Everything i have gotten has been amazing to say the least.
For some reason i always get the skillets and go back and forth with which one i will get.
But the most recent time i went i got their super amazing french toast that melts in your mouth like cinnabon but not as sweet where you feel as if you will die in the next hour.
No the French toast is perfect but next time i will only get one slice not 6.
Their biscuits and gravy are pretty damn good too.
the sauce isn't watery or soupy but just amazing.
My sister has tried one of the omelletes i just cannot remember which one.
i will be trying one today when i finish getting ready for the day.
which of course im looking forward too.
make sure when you get to crackers if you enjoy lemonade order yourself the strawberry lemonade its my favorite!
More than Hot dog on a sticks lemonade which i drink on a regular basis working in the chandler mall.
Oh one more thing...If you want superb customer service every time go to this location that is behind home depot.
I have been to the Tempe location 3 times now and 2 out of 3 times the customer service was just mediocre to poor.
the most recent time a friend and i went our waiter was finally nice thank god.
For some reason their hostess doesn't come off pleasant what so ever and obviously doesn't care about quality customer service on weekends(which is when i went once) .
But the mesa location is so far my favorite and i cant wait to stuff my face with some of crackers and cos amazing food!

Great place to take the family for Sunday morning breakfast/brunch.
Prices were reasonable and my over-medium eggs were done right!
Coffee was sub-par and creamer wasn't fresh, and we sat right behind the register area, but other than those minor (and easy-to-fix) complaints, we loved this joint.
We will be back!

The French Toast at Crackers is absolutely sensational and flat-out delicious.
I liked it so much when I stopped in Mesa while enroute to Tucson that I came back three days later, had it again, and it was just as wonderful as the first time.
The wait staff is extremely polite and very cordial, and the hostess (Chris) is an absolute riot with a superb sense of humor and a really sassy attitude.
This has become my can't-go-wrong spot for breakfast whenever I visit Phoenix or Tucson.

I stayed at the Holiday Inn near by and after reading the reviews here on Yelp I decided to give Crackers & Company a try.
I ordered my standard Ham & Eggs but I was tempted to have their "Mess" which was SOS with eggs and a slice of Prime Rib.
The one thing I read in the previous reviews that caught my interest was the country potatoes.
I'm always looking for a breakfast place that serves home fries where the potatoes are sliced and fried with onion, it's hard to come by.
The review I read said that they sliced their potatoes so I was hopeful.
The potatoes did not get fried with onion but they were still great.
The ham was a good sized slice and the eggs were cooked perfectly.
OK, here's how Crackers and Company failed to get the 5th star.....the English muffin was not toasted and they buttered it which made it soggy.
I didn't send it back because by the time the second English muffin was delivered most of my breakfast would have been eaten.
It's not like the restaurant was busy and they were rushing the orders out, I was the second table of the day so there's no excuse for not toasting the English muffin properly.
My suggestion to anyone like me is tell your server that you want the English muffin toasted properly.
It's a shame that a place that's been called the best breakfast in the Phoenix area would have to be told how to toast an English muffin.
I'm I just being too picky???

Try the bread pudding...I had the pumpkin bread pudding last time and it was orgasmic.
Yup...do it...

Crackers & Co is a 4.5 only if we're on a 10-point scale.
I went with a party of four and we were all very underwhelmed with the slop served here.
Maybe we went on a bad day, but our disappointment went as far as the quality of the ingredients, which isn't something that typically varies on a day-to-day basis.
Now, TC Eggington's is a decent breakfast spot.
I can go there and count on a nicely prepared eggs benedict dish every time.
Crackers is not the type of place that would be capable of making a decent Hollandaise or even poaching an egg properly.
I wouldn't be quite so hard on this place if their rating wasn't so outrageous.
I want to help others avoid going here with high hopes of an outstanding breakfast and come away with a belly full of unmemorable food.
What has happened to our standards for a good traditional American breakfast?

OH MY GOD.
Slap that on my plate, give me a shovel and call my Cardiologist!
In a good, and respectful way.
This is the food I grew up with, and try to stay away from most of the time... but when you need one of those home cooked meals the world says are "bad" for you... go here.
What a beautiful sight to behold when the plate arrives!!

Just what we were looking for, a great breakfast.
Only a 5 minute wait on a Saturday morning, fresh coffee and delicious food.
We had a Mexican skillet and a Carnitas skillet, both well seasoned.
The tomatillo salsa was a great counterpoint to the rich Carnitas and creamy thin sliced potatoes.
Thank you Yelpers, these out of towers would have never discovered it on our own!

Where does one go to escape the working man's district and the monotonous 9-5?
Crackers.
The menu is fan.
Friggin.
Tastic.
I always get the Roma tomato melt sandwhich.
But everything is always good.
The soup.
The breakfast is good too.
very popular at lunch time though.
You come with a hearty appetite and you leave with a hearty-full tummy!

Awesome breakfast!
I had the proscuitto eggs benedict.
The eggs were poached to perfection and the breakfast potatoes were good (but not great)...the grand finale --- carrot cake --- which was pretty disappointing...  Food and service was pretty good for a Saturday morning...which I hear, gets pretty busy...  Will come here again when we visit AZ.

We love Crackers & Co!
So far we haven't had anything we didn't like!
California eggs benny is one of our favorites.
Next time we are going to try the pork skillet - our waitress said it's one of her favorites.
This is getting to be a nice time of year to spend a Sunday morning on the patio....

So I stumbled upon this place leaving a friend's house and using the navigation on my phone.
I am sooo happy this happened.
I was craving biscuits and gravy but hate them whenever I go anywhere (I make them so good myself and no one seems to measure up).
I got them here and they were sooo good.
The gravy was homemade and looked and tasted like they had a ton of ingredients in it.
The biscuits were flaky and good.
I got the potatoes that most things come with and they were amazing.
They looked like they would be soft but they were amazingly crispy and they had parsley in it and I asked the waitress, and they put a tiny bit of onion powder which just makes them so great.
As I was waiting for my bill the waitress asked if I wanted a sample of their bread pudding.
Wow!
so of course I did even though I was doubling over with fullness.
It was so crazy good, the bottom had like cinnamon crispies almost what comes on top of muffins w/ the crunchy sugary topping, and it just made it magical.
I can't stop talking about this place and when I told my friend she said she loved it, too and had gone a few times already.
They have such great reviews for a reason!
I went to the one in Mesa as well.

I've only eaten here twice but each time the food was awesome and the staff was courteous.
The price is about average for the portions of the food but it is well worth it.
I have only eaten breakfast here so I can not speak for the rest of the menu but I will definitely go back when I have the chance.

This place is good, period.
I had the first skilled listed (the carnitas skillet?
) which included eggs, potatoes, carnitas, chorizo, green chile salsa, montery jack cheese, and tortillas, salsa, and sour cream on the side.
The portion was generous, as expected for the $9 price tag, but it was well worth it.
Absolutely delicious, even the next morning (I love leftovers).
My girlfriend had the cally eggs benedict which was also delicious and very enticing.
It was a traditional eggs benny with avocado, tomato, hollandaise, and bacon (I believe).
Very good, with a great side of country potatoes.
The place was clean, pleasant, the service was good, and the food came out exceptionally fast.
It's also pretty large; I was a little concerned about going there at 10 on a Sunday morning, but we were seated right away.
This could be because of the tucked away location, which is behind the home depot.
I wish we would have had room for some early afternoon dessert, because their homemade cheesecakes looked amazing.
I originally gave this place 4 stars, but I don't have any complaints, the experience, service, and food was great, I don't think they could have done anything better, I just wish they had a location in central Phoenix!

I went here for breakfast yesterday, and it was a solid place for breakfast.
It was about 9:30 am on  sunday, and there was no wait!
Awesome!!!
I don't think I have experienced that anywhere but at Waffle House.
We were seated and got some coffee (which was pretty good tasting, but turned out to be $2.70 a cup.....
seriously?!?!
that's like a latte..... not good).
I ordered the veggie omelet and the BF got pancakes and bacon.
The omelet was ok, nothing too special, but fine.
The potatoes that came with it, however, were very tasty.
They had lots of seasoning and onions.... it was super good!
The portion size was large, which I kind of don't like because I feel like it promotes waste.... Who really eats a 3 egg omelet and a whole potato of hashbrowns and toast.... but I guess that's the standard, I just wish there was an option to get a 2 egg omelet or something (ok off my soapbox).
The pancakes were also huge, it was three giant pancakes and the side of bacon was 4-5 strips (also way too much food).
The pancakes were pretty standard, they didn't taste good, but not bad, just kind of bland.
I might come back here due to the lack of wait alone, but I would probably order something different next time.

WOW!
I went to this place for breakfast with my boyfriend.
He got the cinnamon french toast and I got the California Egg Benny.
WOW!
(Again).
It was a biscuit, open face, with 2 poached eggs, avocado, bacon, spinach and tomato covered with hollandaise sauce.
It came with potatoes on the side.
I had to move my plate away from my boyfriend as he tried to eat his food and mine.
Very scrumptious!!
I would say it was by far one of the best breakfasts I have had.
The french toast was sweet and soft and also very scrumptious.
The service was a delight, and the environment was very welcoming and comforting.
I plan on going back there for lunch and of course breakfast.

This was by far the best find for a long time.
We went today Sunday at about 10:30 had a 5 minute wait.
Really good for a Sunday.
We ordered and got our food in a good timely manner.
The food was excellent and the portions sizes also very good sized.
I would recommend this location to anyone.
We each ordered something different and all was good.
Drinks a little expensive but still for a first time going there I was really impressed.

Love this restaurant!
It has become a favorite.
Great variety of choices offered for breakfast.
Fast friendly service.
Food is amazing!
Large portions and great home style cooking.
Never bored with breakfast again because this place has creative options and so delicious!!
Highly recommended

THE BEST BREAKFAST & BRUNCH you will ever find in the Phoenix area.
My husband and I's fav spot, we've been back so many times I can't count.
It's such a tragedy we moved to Tucson.
The California Egg Benedict is THE Best, I tried replicating it at home, and it's just not the same, close but no cigar, hahaha.
It came with yummy potatoes on the side, which was also had a home made taste.
We also tried the french toast, soo scrumptiuos!!
Its in an odd location but what a hidden gem!
The deocr and ambiance was just perfect!
And I love when food, ambiance and price is right!
I think they just opened one in Tempe..
I can't wait to go again, when we drive up to visit friends!

Great service with a smile and over the top yummy food!!!!

Decent food at decent prices.
I wasn't blown away by this place.
I was somewhat disappointed since I heard this is one of the better places in town to have breakfast - I have definitely had better elsewhere!

Most of the food is tasty.
The Giant Cinnamon Roll is amazing (though how it counts as a "light starter" I have no idea).
The oatmeal is only so-so.
It usually tastes like instant.
Some of the lunch items are only average.
Mostly, I avoid Crackers because of the price.
$3.50 for one glass of orange juice is ridiculous.
This restaurant should be rated with $$.

I tried this place after finding it via Yelp while in AZ on business.
It's in an industrial area which is awkward, but I trust my fellow yelpers.
Per recommendations from a bunch of yelpers about the California Eggs Benny, I got that.
Soooo many people said it was the greatest eggs benedict EVER.
I am kind of an eggs benedict connoisseur, and let me tell you people, this was NOT the best eggs benedict I've ever had.
It was ok, but nothing to write home about or try twice.
It's an ok breakfast joint, but their tables are small, so it's annoying for a group because you feel claustrophobic with all of the crap on the table.
Eh.

I need to rate 2.5 stars for this one.
I've only been here once, but I have difficulty understanding the enthusiasm for this place.
We had a pretty long wait for a table and again waiting for the food to arrive.
I ordered the eggs benedict (and I see that many people loved them on yelp) but was not thrilled for the price.
The prices are a bit higher than they should be, but I guess if they've got a long line of fans waiting to get in, they can charge what they want.
I wish them luck, but I think I'll probably head elsewhere next time.
No hate, but not much love either.

Excellent food and service.
I had a bad experience once (out of the 20 times I have been there) and they comped me a free meal!
I highly recommend this place, but hope they don't get too busy, or I won't get my french toast and pancakes as quick as usual--ha ha!

This is hidden and so good.
I have been here many times and every time it is great.
They make their own desserts and the food, so good.
I get the roast beef avocado sandwich.
The bread makes the sandwich.

The carnitas and chorizo skillet is 4 stars in and of itself.
It's that good.
A little Cholula and it becomes divine.
I'll be back to try more.

Went here for the first time recently with a friend who mentioned it!
I had never heard of it before, but then again I don't live in Mesa.
We initially went here to get breakfast since I love breakfast places, but both of us ended up getting lunch.
I got a hamburger and it was great, but my only complaint is that the bun was dry.
Which is a big no no with burgers, cause if the bun is dry, the whole thing crumbles apart, so hence the minus one star.
The fries were freaking delicious though!
Great service, too.
They should do a Groupon!
I would buy it!

I rarely go out for breakfast.
But, when I do, I go to Crackers.

Employees seem a little snooty unless you are a regular.
Had a party of 7 and business was dying down so they just had to clean off tables and that took little over 10 minutes, but no biggie.
The server took a while to come greet us, but came back with our drinks in a reasonable amount of time and tried to take our order but had to come back to get the rest.
She refilled our drinks once and checked on us once.
We asked for butter and she said she would bring but almost 8 minutes later we had to ask a bussed for it.
When she was clearing plates she asked if I was finished with mine and when I replied no, she tried to take my plate anyway.
You would think a server would offer the bill or anything else when everyone is just sitting around but no.
We had to ask.
So we just got our bill and we weren't aware that gratutity is apparently included so that is why the service sucked.
Never coming back again.
Food was decent hut not worth the service!

Cracker's & Company has always been a favorite breakfast destination.
The food is always delicious and the selection more unique than other restaurants.
My husband and I came in for a quiet Anniversary breakfast and although the place wasn't terribly crowded, we were seated right next to a table of ill mannered children and their mothers.
I would have asked to move but our waitress was missing in action from the start of our visit.
Before our waitress went MIA we ordered our drinks and entrees.
In the past I have been given a small carafe of coffee but was only given a cup today which was disappointing.
I ordered a carrot cake muffin when I ordered my entree and asked to have it served right away with my coffee.
I also asked for the hollandaise sauce on the side of my "New Princess" omelet but it was spread over the top when it was delivered to my table along with my muffin.
So much for enjoying my muffin with my one cup of coffee.
However, the food was wonderful as usual.
The service was horrible and the ambiance was equally as poor.
I'd hate to see a wonderful restaurant such as Crackers lose their edge in this competitive food service industry.
I'm hoping today was a fluke and the service will improve to its previous caliber.

A great breakfast spot a little off the beaten path in a small industrial park in Mesa near Country Club and US60.
I have enjoyed their breakfast several times, but yesterday I tried their BLT on the patio (which I ordered with "extra bacon") Fantastic!
They also have above average iced tea.

Awesome breakfast and best customer service I've had in forever, Luana was very attentive at all times and her hard work seemed to reflect through the entire restaurant.
Our first visit here will definitely not be our last.

Always good.
I had the Daybreak breakfast.
Mmmmmm.

Dropped my car to get some repairs and was out with my 2 daughters, one of their' s fiancé and my grandson, so a party of 4  1/2 and it was early and we wanted food.
I didn't really know what was around the area we were in so I went my yelp app and found Crackers & Co Café, we got directions to the place and drove past it, it didn't look like it was opened, went up the street to waffle house, but then said nope lets go back to Crackers, man are we glad we did!
My grandson, who is a year and half is a ham, he thought everyone should be paying attention to him and to get to him be quite wasn't gonna happen, so thank you everyone at Crackers for putting up with him LOL, our server was Felix, and he was good and made sure everything was always filled!
I like that, don't like it when my coffee cup becomes empty LOL  My daughter ordered the French toast!
WOW that's some toast!!
Looked delish!!
I ordered the farmers skillet, which had ham, onions mushrooms and country potatoes and eggs, with cheese!!!
I got a side order of salsa and that baby was good!!!
All the dishes that were ordered looked delish!
My other daughter ordered the biscuits and gravy!!!
That would have been my 2nd choice and the fiancé ordered huevos rancheros,  again everything looked and smelled delish!!
I think next time I am going to try the eggs benny!
Lesson we learned that day, don't judge a place by its outsides,,,,haha

BREAKFAST REVIEW.
What a gem!
This could be our go-to place for breakfast when we are in PHX.
We found this place on Yelp and tried it out for breakfast about two weeks ago on an overnighter to PHX.
The CA Eggs Beni was fabulous.
THe kids liked the pancakes.
The coffee was smooth and phenomenal without the acidity.
The OJ was freshly-squeezed and tasty.
The service was fine.
They refilled our coffee and water frequently.
If we needed something, we were proactive about getting things done.
When we travel with kids, we have to be proactive about it which sometimes gets us the eye roll from wait staff, but we did not notice anything like that here.
Big tip at the end of the meal for good service.

Wow..
I haven't had a less than spectacular experience at this location.
The food is fantastic and the service is on point!

Ignore the fact that the interior design looks like it hasn't been updated in over a decade, this is my go-to breakfast joint.
The best way I've found to have breakfast here is to come with a partner or two, order a few plates (California Eggs Benny, Southwest Carnitas, and maybe some Cinnamon Swirl French Toast) and gorge yourself on a little bit of everything.
I've been meaning to try some desserts, but after all that breakfast and a pot of coffee, I don't have the room!

Found this place when I yelped brunch places around the area I was driving in.
We were driving around looking at furniture places.
The reviews were good so my husband, daughter, mother-in-law, nephew, and I decided to try it out.
The restaurant is a cute little place that is hidden in what appears to be a sort of industrial area.
We felt like we struck gold.
I ordered the daybreak which consisted of cinnamon French toast, eggs, and bacon.
DELISH!!
Everyone else said they really enjoyed their food as well.
Our waiter was really nice and attentive.
He even offered my 4 year old nephew a cookie as we left.
I would definitely make the trip out to the area again for some yummy food!

I agree with the reviews already posted - this place was great.
Visited recently on a Saturday morning, were seated quickly - - and what a great with the California Benny - dang!
It was just great - presentation lovely - accomodated a 1/2 order for 2 at the table, and the wait staff very efficient and friendly.

This is literally the best breakfast place I have been to.
I am usually not too much of a breakfast person, but when I visited this restaurant and ordered the Southwest Carnitas with their Strawberry Lemonade to drink, I about cried.
If I want to go out for breakfast, I don't think twice of where I will be going.
I am actually going back in the morning to try to start a Saturday ritual.
My fiance ordered the french toast and said that they were the best she has ever had.

I've been meaning to go back to this place for over a year now but I finally did today.
Got the same thing I did the first time - Meat Lover's omelette with added hollandaise sauce - and it was still great.
Fast, friendly service, low prices (two people - omelette and a burrito - with a coffee and an orange juice for $29 with tip) and excellent food.
I wish I lived closer so I could dine here more often!

Just had breakfast this morning; the food leaves a lot to be desired.
I would give the food three stars overall, but the service was not very good at all.
Why do they pack everyone in the very back by the kitchen when the rest of the restaurant is empty?
It took much too long just to order drinks.
Everytime I leave, I resolve not to come back, but somehow we end up back there and it is always a disappointment.

We had our scooter and lift serviced this morning and the restaurant was in the same shopping center.
This was our 3rd time there and it was awesome as always.
Good service, fresh food and yummy fluffy pancakes.
I tend to be a pancake snob and can not stand heavy thick pancakes, these were light and fluffy.
My husband had the breakfast skillet of steak, eggs and potatoes.
He loved it.
There menu said their soups are all made from scratch daily, but we have not been there for anything but breakfast.

This place is always super busy!
Despite the underground cult following, it's typical home style food.
They're only open for breakfast and lunch but it's worth checking out if you're in the area...and if you can find it within the small business strip mall it's located in.

It is such a clean, bright atmosphere and the service was great.
But what is the best was the delicious FOOD.
Pancakes perfect.
Calif. Benedict, perfect, hash browns perfect - not to oily, coffee delicious.
Yum, yum and more YUM.
Can't wait to go back.
Recommended.

Everything is great.
Huge variety, homemade, and at least 5 soups featured daily.
I always get the California eggs Benedict.
Their specialty berry bread pudding is "to die for.
" the Iron Ave location sits behind the Home Depot on Country Club just south of 60 in a grey "strip mall".
Easy to find once you know where it is.
There is another much newer location on Greenfield & Brown.
The NE corner.
We go there frequently and have never been disappointed in the food or service;)

We went there right before my Grandma's 100th birthday.
There were about 20 of us.
The place was busy but we called ahead and they put our name in even though we still didn't have a final count of people.
The place was busy but I know why.
EVERYONE had a different dish and we all loved it.
Everyone wanted to taste each others food because we all liked it so much.
We all seem to think we are food critics and we loved this place.
Extensive menu and they seemed to nail everything we had!
The staff was amazing and would go back in a heartbeat!

C & C started off really strong then fell off so I will average it out to a 3.
I must use other breakfast spots around town as my marker.
The standout dishes were the California Eggs Benny & the Eggs Benny Florentine.
The free sample of Berry Bread Pudding was deliciouso!!!!
The healthcakes were the straw that broke the camel's back for me.
Their food just lacks a little somethin' I can't put my finger on.
I need consistency in my restaurants!
And I know it sounds weird, but I don't like the hazy lighting.

Reviews are dead on good food good service in a little bit of a strange out of the way location.

So I'm being held hostage by a couple ex-pat roughneck South African and Colorado copper mining executives while in Hades on earth.
"Ya hungry for lunch?
"  " Yeah sure sir" I say.
Expecting them to roll me into a high dollar steak house or nightclub at 1300 hours, we pull into a dumpy suburban strip mall to dine at Crackers.
God I'd love it if there were a Crackers in Alabama.
Anyway, the food was very, very good.
Just sandwiches, soups and burgers, but all excellent.
So next time you are stuck in the PHX negotiating over mineral rights and need a nice place for a long casual lunch, this is a great spot.

We came in on a busy Sunday for Breakfast.
Their was a wait for a table with our large table but thats usually a good sign.
Once we were sat we had prompt service from beginning to end.
I love that we had our own coffee carafe :) The cinnamon roll was delicious with a cream cheese frosting and the food we all had was perfect.
The Benedict was delicious and the creeps were a hit.
Overall great experience.
Thank you :)

Great place for breakfast/brunch!
Chicken Enchilada skillet was very good.
Not usually fond on corn tortillas, but worked with the dish.
French toast was delicious as well.
Portions are good sized with leftovers for a second meal.

My friend suggested this place and was it a super good place tucked away from the main road!
The food, service and atmosphere was well worth the price!

I went this morning with my nana for breakfast.
We were seated promptly.
I noticed right away the walls were dirty and there was hair on the table top.
The waitress was slow to take our order.
They weren't busy.
She took our order and a server brought out our food.
They forgot our requested butter and catchup as well as cream for coffee.
The waitress never stopped back at the table to check on us but stopped at the table next to us to ask them how they were.
I got the spinach, mushroom and bacon omelet.
The hash-browns were yummy, but the omelet tasted like it was cooked in old grease and I only ate 2 bites of it.
I was dismayed to see they only serve one piece of toast with breakfast.
It was dry and hardly buttered.
Every restaurant I have ever been to serves 2 pieces of toast.
Nana ordered the Beggars Omelet and loved it.
However, both she and I felt our food was warm Like it had sat around for a while.
We spoke with the manager before we left and voiced our concerns.
Maybe it was a bad day & a bad waitress, but all in all, I will never go back here for food.
This was at the Greenfield & Broadway location.

Food was as good as usual.
Crackers still produces a quality product.
There soups are devine and my wife really enjoys the French Chick sandwich.
Veronica and Steve have a quality kitchen.
The service was certainly not what it used to be.
The staff sat at a table right next to us and chatted about all sorts of things while cleaning menus.
Not very professional even though the manager was right there joining in on the conversation with them.
Our waitress was not very attentive at all.
We seemed like we were a little bit o an imposition to her.
I will definitely not go back to the original any more and will stick to their restaurant on Greenfield.
I recommend you do the same and avoid the one by the Home Depot.

Great food at reasonable prices in a good atmosphere.
Our family has been regulars for over seven years at the W. Iron location.
The food is fantastic, you can't beat it for breakfast and the lunch sandwiches are great.
We've noticed a big difference in the staff since managment changed.
Many of the new servers are not as attentive as they should be but the long time servers never disappoint.
If you go on the weekend prepare to wait, sometimes up to an hour.
On Sunday if you arrive before 9:30 the wait isn't that long.

Love the cinnamon roll french toast.
Every time my out of town family visits, this is the place we take them.
Always friendly service and always great food.

Just tried this place for the first time for a girls luncheon.
Really enjoyed the atmosphere and quaint surroundings.
It was packed when we arrived, but we had a reservation (highly recommend this).
We stayed well past closing, and they were very polite and did not attempt to kick us out.
Service was excellent, our waiter was patient with the 2 high protein, 1 full on vegetarian, and one new mommy.
We probably had one no dieter in the whole group, so our order was complex, and the waiter just went with it.
Plus he was very entertaining.
Always back to the table to top off drinks etc.
Food is large quantities for what you pay for, very fresh and delicious.
A thoroughly enjoyable outing!!

There soup was wonderful.
Went with family it was so good!
Such a great time!

Man, I wish I could come here every week!
Came in for my birthday breakfast and got the Musketeer omelette - very good and perfectly cooked with a side of pan-fried sliced potatoes.
The coffee was amazing for being plain ol' coffee (it had a brand on the menu but I forgot [again] to write it down).
Right now, they have a bunch of seasonal pumpkin dishes on offer.
We tried the pumpkin bread pudding and it was AWESOME.
I want to come in soon and try the pumpkin cheesecake pancakes.

Wow, what a letdown.
To start, service was not very good.
Nobody seemed to be in charge.
Waiter was not attentive.
I ordered Granola Healthcakes With Blueberries And Strawberries.
My gosh, could you be a little stingier with the fruit?
They sprinkled the tiniest handful of fruit on top, so little that there wasn't nearly enough for a little fruit in every bite.
More of a suggestion of fruit than fruit itself.
The granola is obviously not made in house - it's very industrial - uniform, uniformly tasteless nuggets.
The menu says pancakes are served with "maple syrup and honey butter.
"  Not so!
Maple syrup isn't even available!
It's just "pancake syrup.
"  Ewww.
I suspect the "honey butter" likewise isn't real butter but probably margarine.
Ewww.
Breakfast potatoes, allegedly made from fresh, were just okay.
Definitely will NOT return!

Best bang for your buck.
Hands down.

Always looking for a great place to eat breakfast, and we have found it!
We had the Breakfast Burrito wiith chorizo.
It was wrapped tightly as it should be so that you can cut it open or eat by hand without any dripping.
The Belgium waffle with apples was amazing.
It  did not have the typical compote that you would see.
They were dry but what a flavor it packed!
Absolutely delicious.
the portions were perfect if not a bit larger than what we expected.
It felt like it was a family oriented restaurant and very comfortable.
A place that we will visit again!

Crackers has been in business for at least twenty years that I can remember.
The reason you ask?
They use fresh ingredients and it shows.
Any dish you order will be excellent.
Large portions, wide variety of menu selections and great service!
Perfect for business lunches or Sunday brunch with the family.

Literally the best breakfast food I've ever had.
Not much more expensive than a Denny's and infinitely better.
The cinnamon swirl french toast and the eggs benedict are fantastic.
Also, the service has always been really great (even when they're at their busiest) with friendly and attentive staff.

Great place for breakfast!
I ate this skillet that was pretty hearty with bacon, sausage, and ham.
The potatos were really crispy and top it off with the eggs, you got yourself a great breakfast!
My girlfriend got the eggs Benedict which was really tasty!
That was there special so I'd recommend that if you go there.
Both dishes were really tasty and you can tell the quality of food is great!
Its not a Dennys or Carrows thats for sure, this is a nice mom and pop type of restaurant that makes really good quality of food.
If your in the area do stop by because you wont regret it.
The portions were really great and thats always a plus for me!
But someone ordered french toast by me which also looked great also!
It looks like they have a lot of different things to eat that I bet will taste good!
Check it out you wont regret it!

Positive: Warm and welcoming interior.
Attentive staff.
Every single item we ordered was extra tasty.
I had the baked potato soup and the chicken salad sandwich.
My co-workers really enjoy their roast beef sandwich and their breakfast options.
Negative: difficult to find, industrial exterior

This business defies the old adage location, location, location.
It's hard to find but oh so worth it, you'll know your there because you'll see all the cars.
The food is actually made with love.
I had an omelet, it was tender and delicious!
I have never used this term in a review once.
The manager walked through the resturaunt continuously, he asked us how our meal was.
the staff was happy, the customers were happy, I WAS HAPPY!!!!
I hope you will go and enjoy this wonderful little breakfast/lunch place.

Crackers and Co. is always a treat.
Like other users have mentioned the California Eggs benedict is absolutely awesome.
Also like other users said, parking can sometimes be a pain.
The location in South Tempe usually has less people, but as with any breakfast place if you go between 7-10 AM expect a bit of a wait.
The employees here usually outshine the food, especially so at the Mesa location.
A gentle old lady let us pore over the menu for 10 minutes before putting in our order.
The food was out of the kitchen quickly (despite the full house) which is a huge positive in my book.
I hate lingering around restaurants at their busiest times.
The last good thing I'll mention about Crackers & Co. is the low price of the food.
Guaranteed to stop your brain from leaking out of your ears after a night of heavy drinking.

This restaurant is small, but crowded.
I could see how waits could get long as other reviews stated.
However, it was Sunday brunch time and we got right in as a party of two.
The portions are HUGE and very tasty.
We had the cinnamon swirl French toast and Breakfast "222".
When the waitress said the French toast was a large portion, we were expecting Texas toast sized... She said, no, we use monster bread here lol.
Anyways they are hand dipped and grilled, then topped with more cinnamon and honey butter.
Yum!
The other breakfast was two scrambled eggs, two delicious strips of thick cut bacon, and two gigantic pancakes.
Even the pancakes were super thick and fluffy.
I'll be back to try other items....
The California eggs Benedict looked good and German chocolate bread pudding?
Omg sounds amazing!

Very pleased with my first experience.
A co-worker informed me that this was the place to go for breakfast and he didn't disappoint.
The eggs benedict was one of the best I have ever had.
I would strongly recommend this cafe to anyone coming to the chandler/Mesa area.

Stopped by before a spring training game.
Excellent service, no wait and the waiter was great.
Tried the pork carnitas skillet which is not something I would normally get but I was rewarded with perfect potatoes and tender pork.

It's good food and also a nice place to go have breakfast.
My whole family loves coming here.

The coffee is awesome!!
And so is the breakfast!

You would think at 11:30 am on a Sunday they would be on their game?
Well today they were not had 3 tables out on the patio empty and we told them we would sit on the patio.
They said it would be 10 -15 minutes, after 20 minutes those same 3 table were empty, we went inside and told them again that we are willing to sit in one of those 3 empty tables, the manager in a red shirt said they rotate servers on the patio??
We were called 5 minutes later and sat inside???
We had 2 bowls of soup and blackberry bread pudding.
We ordered everything at once food came we ate and left 15 minutes later, still 2 tables empty on the patio???
They have 4-5 employees standing at the register talking?
They need someone to take charge!!!!!

Amazing breakfast.
Have come here on several occasions and am never disappointed with what I get.
Stop by and check it out.

We returned about three weeks ago.
It was an even better experience than before!

At last I get to do a solid 5 and wish I could go higher.
What a wonderful breakfast.
The 4 of us had different selections and each one was a solid 5.
My Calif.
Egg Benedict was the best and I wanted to give it a 10.
Perfect balance of egg, bacon, spinach, avocado and tomato with a out of this world sauce.
The very best I have ever had.
Yes I will be tickled to take any visitors to Crackers for breakfast.
You gotta try this place for sure.

In exchange for watching our little one, my in-laws proposed that we meet up at Crackers & Co to make the switch.
A new breakfast place AND we get a date day?
I'm game!
When we first arrived, I was a little skeptical.
The Cafe is located in a little strip mall behind the Home Depot, right next to a cabinet place.
But, I'm learning to be adventurous, so I decided to not judge this place by its surroundings.
Wise decision!
We showed up during what I thought would be prime brunch time on a Sunday morning.
Surprisingly, there was absolutely no wait.
We were ushered to our table by the hostess, where we were greeted by, arguably, the most cheerful, interactive, and helpful waitress I've ever encountered.
Thank you, Luana.
We looked over the menu for a few minutes, it didn't really take us long to figure out what we wanted.
My daughter got the kids pancakes, and my wife and I each ordered the Healthy Scram.
For the so called "kids" portion of pancakes, my daughter received three full grown pancakes.
Of course, she couldn't finish them.
If she had, I imagine she would have been in a coma for the next two days.
As for my wife's and my meal...absolutely delicious.
We each opted to have two extra egg whites scrambled in with our orders.
Essentially, it ends up being an oversized egg white omelette.
Couple that with a cup of fresh fruit and a dry English muffin, and you've got yourself an amazingly healthy and filling breakfast/brunch/dinner... whenever you decide to eat it, I assure you, it will be delicious.
The three of us ended up spending about $40 for our meals.
The price is a little bit inflated, though, as it does cost $1.00 extra per egg white added to our omelettes.
But, whatever.
you pay for what you get...and we got an awesome meal!
If you're looking for a cozy breakfast place with a great menu with healthy options, awesome atmosphere, a patio, and (in our case), the greatest service we've experienced in QUITE some time, then you should definitely stop by!

California Eggs Benedict.
Too filling for one person but definitely made me homesick for California.

One of my favorite places for breakfast!
Today wasn't a good day though for my server.
She messed up mine and my cousin's meals but she made up for by comping our meals as well as our black berry bread pudding appetizer I love so much.
Even with this little catastrophe I will always continue to be a patron!
Love this place!

Wonderful place!
Tuscan atmosphere, delicious food!
They use a European coffee press, and I am not exaggerating , best coffee in the valley!

Just try this breakfast joint coz we were tired of IHOP or the good eggs.
Wonderful experiences there.
I had the California Egg Benedict and my hubby had the Baja Omelet.
Both were very good.
Their coffee is better than the diner coffee, a little stronger.
We will return for sure!

We have been here a few times  for breakfast and for lunch.
Our longest wait was about 20 minutes on a Sunday when they were pretty busy.
Our servers have all been nice and familiar with the menu.
Food  was excellent !
Alot of food, enough for leftovers.
Fresh fruit and amazing granola on the pancakes.

Absolutely fantastic place for breakfast.

Waitress was nice.
Had a late breakfast, crowded.
Pretty much any breakfast item you can think of.
.on normal country fare.
Bacon was thick sliced and flavorful.
The menu speaks for itself as far as deliciousness goes.
A little bit of everything.
They have quite the dessert list as well as selection of beverages.
I'm not  a big breakfast fan, but it was delicious.

I love the blackberry bread pudding.
It's addicting so careful.
I'm all about the carnitas/chorizo skillet.
Bring your appetite.

friendly,  affordable, and delicious !
the menu has lots of variety.
I am always finding something new to order on the menu and it's always been great.

We went on Father's Day so it was packed but WELL worth it!
The biscuits with eggs, chicken fried steak and potatoes breakfast was amazing -- homemade taste for sure.
The chorizo and pork carnita skillet was also very good.
The cinnamon roll French toast is another must try.
Our server, Luanna, made great recommendations, kept up with refills and checking to see what else we might need and was very friendly!
We'll be back for sure!

I've been wanting to try this place for a while now since I live close by.
My mom and i decided to try this place out for the first time.
We came in for breakfast and where seated promptly and our food came out shortly after ordering.
After our food came out the waiter disappeared!
He NEVER came back to refill our drinks and I actually had to ask the hostess for refills and our check.
We did see him at other tables helping out other customers and he did look at us but never physically came over and asked if we needed anything.
It wasn't until I got our check the waiter came back to be our "cashier".
I asked for the manger to come so I could speak to him about the horrible service we received.
He was nice about it and understood why I was upset about the service and he comped our entire meal and even offered us dessert.
If it wasn't for the manager handling the situation properly, I would not be interested in coming back.
Hopefully my next experience will be a better one because the food was delicious but the service could have been way better.

Another great breakfast place.
The Huevo Rancheros was great!
You get a ton of food and a ton of meat.
This place never disappoints.

I would say I love this place, but sometimes it's just good and not great.
But most of the time it is great, that that's the reason for the four stars.
Whenever you want breakfast, this should be in your top three choices.
I devour their skillets so fast because it's so good.
My wife lives their pancakes, French toast, and their skillets.
Lastly please try their baked potato soup,  man it sure is yummy.

great place and food,  the staff and owners are wonderful.

Crackers & Co quickly became my boyfriend and I's go to Saturday morning/afternoon breakfast/brunch spot.
We have been there at least six, if not seven times, and they have yet to disappoint.
Yelp won't let me type all of the wonderful things that I feel about Crackers, so I am going to make a quick reference list:  1.
The California Eggs Benedict (without tomato) will change your life.
I have gotten this every time I have been to Crackers.
The blintzes that you eat at Crackers will be the best you have ever tasted.
I always want to order 15 to go.
I have never had to wait for longer than 5 minutes at Crackers.
Even though they get super busy, they are incredibly efficient and make sure you don't have to wait forever.
The food comes out fast and hot every time we have ordered it.
Don't know how they do it, but they do.
I have also tasted the steak eggs benedict (yummo), the New Princess (yummo), the apple pie french toast (not my favorite, but still yummo), and the mexican skillet (HOLY YUMMO).
Seriously.
The boyfriend and I adore this place and are continuously pleased when we go there.
Love supporting this local chain.
The only "bad" thing I could say about them is that they have such an extensive menu!
I don't know if I will ever be able to try one of everything!
Heeheehee!

This place is a hidden gem.
Everything is baked from scratch and delicious.
It's behind the Home Depot in an industrial complex, but don't let that deter you away.
Excellent sandwiches and breakfast.

My family loves coming to the Mesa Cracker's for breakfast and sitting on the patio (weather permitting of course)!
We always receive such wonderful service and food!

Just ate there this morning.
Had the Country fried steak and biscuits and gravy.
The steak was flavorless, the gravy very plain and boring, like out of a bag, and the service was subpar.
It's not that she was rude or anything it's that she was barely present.
The kicker was that I ran to the restroom to find that my small table had been connected with another table for what seemed to be a larger group coming in.
The lack of attention by the staff, and my server especially made for a very poor experience.
I was really looking forward to trying this place after reading all the great reviews sadly they missed the chance to gain a new customer with me.
I'll take my business elsewhere, like TC Eggington's down the street, from now on.

We came for breakfast on a rare rainy day in September and we weren't disappointed.
We tried a variety of items and all were good.
The one hiccup in service was the water we requested never arrived, but the good food made up for the oversight.

I manage a place similar to this in Philadelphia and I have to say this place is  great.
Our server Luana was outstanding at her craft and is what a server at a breakfast spot should adhere to.
Food was  great and the owner is a doll.
Thanks for the wonderful experience.

This is a good brunch place - not my first choice but a solid stand in.
The decor makes me think of my grandmas house.
Never had any issues with the food or staff.

This place is a hidden gem!
It's my go-to brunch spot.
Everything here is delicious:) No seriously, EVERYTHING!
The prices are great and the service is so friendly.
This place is a must try, you'll absolutely love it!

Yet another gem found due to good yelp scores.
This place looked fancy but was still easy on the wallet.
Food was too notch and portions were generous.
Big place with lots of tables so didn't have to wait long for a table.
Lots of tempting items on the menu so it was hard to decide.
I ended up with a spicy Mexican skillet with chorizo.
Some of the best chorizo I've had.
I'd come back here next time I'm in the area

Came here with my bf for a late breakfast.
Our server was genuine, sweet and made sure we were taken care of.
We started with the giant cinnamon roll, which was yummy.
I ordered the New Princess omelet with a side of corned beef hash.
Filled with bacon, broccoli, onion (and a few other things I can't remember), stuffed with cream cheese and smothered in hollandaise, this omelet was hands down the best I've ever had.
It came with these breakfast potato chips on the side that were so SO good!
The hash was traditional, just the way I like it.
My bf ordered a begin waffle with a side of biscuits and gravy, sausage links and French toast.
He said his french toast was eggier than he prefers but that might just be his personal preference.
Overall great experience- we will definitely be back!

I went there for breakfast for lunch and it was pretty tasty.
I got the chicken fried steak and the gravy was amazing.
The portions were big.
Overall a great meal!

I loved this cute breakfast/brunch place!!
The service was outstanding and the servers were very nice and helpful.
I tried 'the princess' omelet and it was really tasty.
I don't really have anything bad to say about this place.
I would definitely go back.

Awesome place.
Great atmosphere, nice people.
Price for amount of food is good.
Definitely worth trying.
I will be going back again.

I cannot possibly say enough good things about Crackers & Co!
Everything I have ever gotten has been amazing.
The California eggs Benedict is always a favorite.
So delicious and that avocado!
The southwest and farmers skillets are also really great.
I've also gotten the flame roasted apple oatmeal and was really impressed, and I'm not one to order oatmeal when out for breakfast!
Carrot cake muffin is also outstanding.
Honestly Crackers has never let me down, it's definitely a must go!

Best breakfast I've ever had in a restaurant.
Everything is amazing and the staff is always sweet.
One of my favorite breakfast spots!
Try the French toast!

The breakfast an the service is amazing!
I have the tiramisu pancakes, which was one of the special.
I did wish there was a little more of the tiramisu cream in the middle, but I just didn't ask for more.
This place is a little hidden gem!
I would definitely come back!

My favorite place to eat.
Great.
Clean.
Great food and service.
Classy and close to my house.
Love love love it!

We were in AZ visiting the Great Grandparents.
It was very kid friendly, with excellent food.
The service was prompt, friendly and accurate despite being very busy.
I was especially impressed with the quality if the coffee.

This is one of my favorite breakfast spots.
I've been here at least 5 times and I've always enjoyed my food.
I've honestly never tried their lunch items...
The breakfast entrees are just too good!
Try the chicken fried steak or biscuits and gravy!

Even though the location is behind the home depot, the restaurant is very cute (with rooster art everywhere) and everyone was very nice.
At 9am on a monday, the place was busier than i would have thought.
The spicy mexican skillet was delish.
Plenty o food.
My hubby got the beggars omelette.
He swears that the coffee has pancake syrup in it but our server has told us otherwise.
Its douwe egberts coffee.
Try it.
Youll like it.

This place is amazing, parking is kind of a pain and you might not get fast service, but that is just because they are so popular.
Trust me, it is worth the wait!
YUM!

Not impressed at all.
The service was crappy and the food was medi-ocre.
I got the carnita's omelet and Black Bear Diner beat this one hands down.
This was my first visit...and my last.

Thanks Yelp for helping me find this jewel of the desert...
Took my daughter to breakfast here and it was great.
Service was prompt, and courteous, the restaurant is comfortable and well lit.
She had french toast and the breakfast burrito, I had the eggs Benedict.
She offered me a preference to my eggs, suggesting that medium would be normal on the poached egg.
The reason we are at 4 stars and not five is that the eggs on my plate arrived with fully cooked yolk.
The waitress was very accommodating after I pointed it out.
She brought me a second plate shortly thereafter.
It worked out well because we were planning on splitting the cinnamon french toast anyway.
The second set of eggs Benedict the eggs were correct but the hollandaise was bland.
I will try something else next round as this place has many items that temp me... One last note we were celibrating my daughters birthday, the server brought us a lovely brownie for her big day.
Thank you for a great place to go and share some time with my "baby" girl.

Had a great breakfast here the other day.
This place has to be one of the best hidden gems of the area, and that I've ever been to anywhere.
It's randomly tucked behind a Home Depot, next to the holiday inn we are staying at here for spring training.
Service was great, from the front desk to our server whose name I didn't quite catch...
I think it was Murphy?
But she was great.
Attentive, talkative, and suggested a good burger spot as well we went to that night for dinner.
I had the country fried steak with a biscuit and gravy.
It was incredible.
Everything tasted completely made from scratch, and of all things that biscuit was a huge stand out point of the meal.
It was flaky and buttery and stood up to being topped with the steak and smothered in gravy without getting soggy.
It was a generous enough portion to fill me up without feeling like I just shoveled a boat load of grease into my body.
My wife had a parfait that was basic but still good by all means.
I wish I had room to try their bread pudding or soups which seem to be a specialty here.
My wife and I are here with our son who is a year and a half old and can be difficult in restaurants but we felt very comfortable here.
It feels like your grandma turned her entire house into a restaurant.
We got out of here for breakfast for 2 with coffee and a bowl of fruit for under $30.
That's insane based on the quality and service.
If I lived here this would definitely be a regular place to visit, and if you're in the area and haven't been you are seriously missing out.
I work in the restaurant business and don't normally post yelp reviews but this place was definitely a stand out that you don't come by often.
We'll be back before we leave town.

We met some friends for brunch today at Crackers and Co.
Very kid friendly and excellent food.
Fast service and everything came out fresh and hot.

This is one of my all time favorite places to eat.
It's like a much better version of Denny's or I-HOP but classier.
I've been coming here for over 20 yrs and it's consistently great.
Love the salads, anything breakfast, burgers, sandwiches.
It's all good.
I've hosted some showers here.
The food is great, desserts are huge and yummy, soups awesome.
The location of this place is a bit strange in some little strip mall behind Home Depot, but it works for them.
Many people have been going here for many, many years.
They have friendly service and I always leave a big tip.

Crackers has ample parking in a mini strip mall.
Very open with 50 tables and decorated in a Tuscan theme.
The tablecloths are a tacky plastic that reminds me of my grandmother's house when I was little.
Kids menu is priced well at $5 and they offer Kraft macaroni and cheese to my kids delight.
Here's what we ordered:  California eggs Benedict - Eggs were cooked perfectly and the hollandaise had a light lemon flavor that I look for.
I'm not sure why the hollandaise was so lightly flavored, perhaps theres an opportunity for more butter here.
:)  It was a good light dish but not good enough for me to seek this restaurant out.
Kids menu French toast is the same as cinnamon swirl French toast.
The kids enjoyed the french toast, but it wasn't anything special to me.
It was simply french toast with some cinnamon like everybody does at home.
It was good but that's about it.
Turkey Melt -  This took the show at our table for brunch.
The bread had a perfect crunch, the cheese was melted perfectly.
My only knock on this dish is that it's so heavy, but that's what a melt is!
This is a perfectly executed sandwich.
I suggest pairing it with a salad to balance your meal out.
Good stuff!
All in all, Crackers & Co Cafe is a good option for breakfast.
I strongly recommend coming here if you are nearby, but I wouldn't drive out of my way to go here.
Well executed kitchen, just lacks pizazz in the food.

I was in Mesa for the tough mudder and we stayed 4 days and our party of 4 was upset we didn't find this place till the day we were leaving.
The food here is amazing I got the Greek omelette with a side of French toast.
The omelette was by far the best omelette I've had the hash browns were so good I contemplated buying another side of them the French toast was perfect!
I could easily talk about the food over and over.
We all loved our food and the service was great drinks always full and never Waited long for anything at all our servers name was Chris and he was the best server we had out of all the places we ate at during our stay.
If your in the area YOU NEED TO EAT HERE!!!!

I have eaten at Crackers hundreds of times and it is always really really good, but they have a new special item that is hands down AMAZING!!!!!
Not sure of the correct name but it is a Southwest Pork Carnitas breakfast Nachos.
Pork carnitas, jack cheese, tomatillo salsa, layered on top of freshly made tortilla chips then 2 eggs on top, which I had poached.
It was served with their country potatoes, which are always wonderful.
Whomever invented these breakfast nachos needs a raise!!!
AMAZING doesn't even give this special breakfast item justice.
The flavors were superb and who knew nachos for breakfast would be soooo good.
I hope it is made a regular item.
We all know how BBQ nachos have done at other restaurants.
They sell out where ever they are served.
Well done to the inventor of the Pork Carnitas Breakfast Nachos at Crackers & Co!!!!
And a big shout out to our server yesterday, Ty!!!
He always has a smile, he keeps the drinks coming, and is always super friendly and professional.
And another shout out to the manager David Q.  David runs a very clean restaurant, is always roaming the restaurant greeting customers and I have watched him be very kind to his staff, which wins big points in my book!!!
Happy staff makes Crackers & Co always a joy to dine at.
FYI: the bread pudding of any flavor is one of the best bread puddings I have ever tasted all over the country.
And yes, I am a Foodie!!!

Back in Mesa for the weekend & had to stop at one of fav's for brunch.
Normally get their California Benedict which is always yummy, tons of avocados & fabulous hollandaise sauce.
Today I got the Pork Carnitas Chilequiles.
And it was a great choice.
Meat tender, perfectly seasoned.
Perfect cure for a night of overindulgence.
Yum!

Delicious food, medium service, nice place.
Came here and got our food right away, and hot!
Awesome biscuits and gravy.
Great location.
My bro ordered the chilequiles, I think I spelled that correctly, and it was bomb.com.
i will definitely be bringing the wife here.

We are visiting from Texas and I have to say I'm very impressed with the food here!
We came on a Sunday morning and upon arrival the parking lot was packed, and so was the inside, but we were seated right away.
(Only a party of 2).
The atmosphere was warm and homey, we sat in a corner booth.
Our waiter was very nice and gave us plenty of time to order.
We ordered the Denver omelet that comes with hash browns and subbed pancakes for the toast.
It was wonderful!
All the food was hot when we got it, the hash browns were REAL potatoes, sliced very thin.
The omelet was huge, definitely big enough to split, and the pancakes were fluffy and delicious; even the syrup was warm!
If I lived in Phoenix I would definitely come back here!

One of the best breakfast places here in the East Valley.
Excellent quality, monthly specials to die for and fantastic service.
When we walked in, we were told today "20 minute wait.
"  Less than ten minutes later, we were at our table.
My point?
Under promise and over deliver = standard operating procedure at Crackers!

We have had breakfast here several times.
Both the food and service have been excellent every time.
Some of the best omelets I've had!
Portions are large

We came here for lunch and ordered the Reuben with baked potato soup and a Monte cristo sandwich with a salad.
The salad was very gross, wilted and brown so we sent it back only with a laugh from the server.
Soup was OK and sandwiches were OK. We might have expected too much from the ratings.
I have a feeling breakfast is the only thing you should order.
Don't expect much from the service either

Took a girlfriend out for a birthday breakfast and when I asked where she would like to go she told me to pick cause I always find the good places (thanks to Yelp)... Well this time was no different, Crackers & Co has breakfast down to a delicious science.
It was a Monday morning and not too busy when we arrived but was quite busy by the time we left 2 hrs later.
The waitress was perfect... quickly took drink orders, answered all our questions, anticipated our needs after our food arrived and allowed us to sit and visit checking on us periodically without feeling pressured to get moving.
They had 2 specials, crab cake eggs Benedict and peach pancakes so we ordered them both and split them.
Food came out quickly, had good presentation and was hot!
I felt the crab cakes were not the best I've ever had but the hollandaise was super flavorful.
Peach pancakes were just what I expected, which means they were delicious.
They served a peach infused maple syrup which I found a little too close to Peach Schnapps (bad memories) but my girlfriend loved it.
Portions were too much for us but the prices were very reasonable.
Even though I don't live in Mesa I would gladly drive back over there to meet again for breakfast.
What a great way to start my day!

Food is super bland and terrible quality!
How did they get 4.5 stars???
The style of the restaurant is weird and I felt so out of place.
It is an old folks meet up style restaurant, and outside of a hotel.
The service was just as blade as the food.
I ordered the French toast with sausage and 2 eggs over hard...
I got half cooked French toast, 2 pieces of bacon and scrambled eggs??
Really?
Didn't you write my order down?
For the price I would expect much better quality.
Thumbs down and will never go back or refer this place.

Great service and great food.
Went with three others and everyone tried everyone's else's dish.
Everything was very good!
The atmosphere could use some updating.
Besides that, this place is awesome and you should definitely check it out.
I will be back.

Great service and awesome food!!
Was a little skeptical on the interior because it kind of looks like an Italian restaurant but the food is home cooked country style.
Yelp never let's me down!

