Kokopelli's is the restaurant at the Gold Canyon Golf Resort.
There's just not a whole lot to choose from in terms of restaurants in the Apache Junction area.
My boyfriend and I were staying at the resort for a long weekend and we were pleasantly surprised with our meal at Kokopelli's.
So much so that we returned a second night.
In the summer there is live music several nights a week.
Both nights there was a large group of golfers and presumably their wives staying at the resort who weren't shy about dancing to the music under the stars.
There's a very friendly atmosphere happening on this patio.
We met lots of interesting people, mostly in a different place in their lives than we two twenty-somethings.
But it was really refreshing to be around so many friendly, talkative people.
And really, the food was delicious.
Will had a steak the first night we were there and he couldn't stop talking about how good both it and the brussel sprouts were (roasted).
I had a grilled chicken salad with strawberries, bleu cheese and a citrus vinagrette.
It was huge a delicious.
The next time we went back, I had fish over angel hair pasta and it too was delicious.
And the service was so friendly and attentive.
There's probably little to no reason that you would ever be "passing through" Apache Junction, AZ.
But if you do, and you need a place to grab a bite, hit Kokopelli's.

Had daughter and son-in-law to Gold Canyon and we chose Kokopellis for breakfast brunch.
Great!
A custom omelet with your own selection of ingredients that you hand pick and give to the chef...
He does the rest!
Bacon on the side that is at least 1/8" thick 12" long, done perfectly, fabulous pork link sausages, good country fries, great rolls... What more can you ask for breakfast?
Service was excellent.
Oh, and did I mention... All for $9.95 and that is all week!
The price of a coffee shop breakfast surrounded by beautiful views of the golf course and the Superstition Mountains.
Can't do any better!

Been going here for three years but they must have changed chefs recently.
Grandchildren ordered spagetti but they refused to eat it.
After I tasted it I knew why.
The sauce tasted like tomato paste with a little spice.
No meat as stated on menu.
I had alfredo - not much better, no garlic or wine, just bland cheese sauce on noodles.
Chinese chicken salad - the meat was fine but there was no dressing on the lettuce.
Their menu is limited and expensive for what you get.
Salad is not included in the more expensive meals.
Unfortunately this restaurant is the only one in town that has ambiance.
They could really make this place great if they took advantage of their location with a menu that competes with chain restaurants in Mesa.
Heard their breakfast is good though, should be for $10 on weekdays.

Came in at 12 noon.
Not very busy but its a Thursday so I don't expect it to be too busy.
Ordered the albacore tuna melt.
The tuna melt is very heavy handed with relish but light on cheese and Mayo so that was a bit dissatisfying and the lemonade was chalky so I will not be giving more than an average rating.

i will give this place 3stars the 3rd star comes from the wait staff polite and fairly efficient this is a 12.95 buffet on Sunday, most of the hot dishes were Luke warm at best they had a omelet bar but it was never explained to us that apparently you were suppose to get all the ingredients that were located out by the hostess........??????
and we never saw the person who was supposedly cooking the omelets parking is also a little confusing.
this is not a place i would personally venture back to

Kokopelli's is one of our favorite restaurants to spend a beautiful evening.
It was our anniversary last week and what better place to go ?
We sat in the sun on the patio for drinks to start.
It  overlooks the greenery of the golf course & the mountains.
It was lovely weather, about 75 degrees and we watched as the sun set and shades of orange and pink filled the sky.
After that we moved inside the restaurant to have dinner, which turned out to be scrum.delicious and even better than it usually is.!
My husband had the spareribs, which melted in his mouth and I had calamari & a wedge salad with blue cheese dressing & bacon.
Both outstanding dishes as well as excellent service.
We told the manager how much we had enjoyed the evening and the food.
We made sure that he walked into the kitchen to tell the chef how great our meals were.. "Kiss the cook"  is my motto !!
Apparently the chef is new & only 25 years old !
Very impressive indeed.
We spoke to 2 other couples while we were eating .. a friendly place.
One couple from Wisconsin in for a wedding and another couple celebrating their anniversary,  as we were, They also told us their food was extremely tasty.

We surely weren't golfers, but our family really enjoyed frequenting Kokopelli's Restaurant when we lived just down the road in Entrada Del Oro.
Kokopelli's serves up a wide array of delectable dishes, along with great wine, spectacular views and a very polite and helpful staff.

If you like pasta...this is the place for you!
The chef fresh makes the pasta to order everyday.
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.
It didn't come out as medium and it was Luke warm.
The only thing that saved this meal was the pasta that my family had and shared with me.
Oh and the white wine didn't come out chilled...so not great.

This is such a wonderful find!
We spent the weekend at Gold Canyon Resort for our anniversary and the food was SO delicious.
DO NOT MISS the green lip mussel appetizer ($3 off from 3-5pm).
The sauce is wine and with just a hint of lemon and butter, and the bread is grilled and perfect for dipping.
We also had the Wild Game of the Night, which was an Elk Tenderloin (ask for the gnocchi side), and the salmon over their daily homemade pasta.

It's not inexpensive, but there aren't very many options in Gold Canyon.
The staff was courteous and helpful and the atmosphere (on the patio, anyway) was really nice.
I ate two meals here during my week-long stay in the area and I enjoyed both very much.
There wasn't much of a crowd either time, although I don't know that I was there during peak season.
If you feel like you need to "see and be seen," you might want to drive into Scottsdale or something.
But if you're staying in Gold Canyon, and not strapped for cash, it's one of the "finer" options in the area.

We tried the kobe beef burger with delicious fries, a great fruity cocktail, and interesting venison wild game special, which was interesting but will not be ordered again.
The service had pretty much no clue what they were doing.
Our server was slow, inattentive, and did not mention the specials and when asked, said she forgot and would have to ask if we wanted to know.
We were also one of the only tables on the patio (which was beautiful).
In the end we had a nice time albiet with inattentive staff and high prices and enjoyed our view, cocktail, and fries!

We ate Sunday breakfast after church.
Buffet with a good variety.
Omelets, fried eggs, and all the rest for a good buffet.
Serving area was a little awkward and tight.
Table serve was real slow, and they were busy.
We would return, maybe at a less busy day.

