This place ugh.
Allow you to book appt online and typically that is great but I've been sitting here for an hour past the time they told me to come in and still have not been seen.
Very frustrating to hear nurses talking about their meals when there are people waiting.
Grrr

We went in on a Thursday; no appointment there was 1 couple in front of us, they called us back maybe had to wait 10mins in the waiting room; when in the back the wait was nothing they were fast and caring....and it was very clean.
We were very pleased!

I had the worst experience here that I've ever had receiving medical care.
Nextcare closed at 8PM and I arrived at 7pm.
I had one more patient in front of me, so there was a little bit of a wait.
I didn't get called back into a room until after 8pm.
I fully understand that on a walk in basis, there may be a wait...and I have no problems waiting.
This however is where my problems began.
I visited this location due to a hip injury that was causing severe pain and preventing me from being able to walk properly and some type of sore that had developed on the bottom of my foot.
When the doctor arrived to my room, I explained what my problem was.
The doctor simply asked how movement was in my leg and pushed me on out the door.
She insisted that I receive a prescription for Motrin 800, even though I made it extremely clear I had already been taking 800mg of Motrin and it had no effect.
When I asked for the sore on my foot to be looked at, she told me that I would have to come back another day for it.
When I asked about xrays, she told me that her xray machine would not be able to get a good image of my hip so I had to go to an imaging place.
I felt as if I were just pushed out the door as fast as possible and received partial care (that wasn't even acceptable) for my medical issue.
I raised concern with other staff in the office but they as well basically just brushed me off.
While in the lobby, I picked up a card with their customer service number on it.
I called and spoke with someone who directed me to the correct person to speak to.
I left a message and the following day I got a call back.
I explained my problems and said that I felt like I had been taken advantage of.
I explained that what I was expecting is to receive the full care that I came in for and NOT to have to pay another copay since this is all stuff that should have been taken care of in one sitting like I had requested (instead of the staff being lazy and doing a half ass job since it was past closing time).
I was given a magnitude of excuses for my treatment.
I was told the xray machine was broken and my response was I should have been turned away and immediately refereed to an office that had the equipment to properly treat someone.
The reason I got for the refusal to look at my foot was that they did not have to treat me, and my response was that if they choose not to treat someone that is fine...however at that point they are not entitled to bill insurance or collect a copay.
My visit was 4 days ago, and as I sit here typing this I still have my injury and have severe trouble walking.
I scraped together money to be able to go into this office and get treated...but instead I got taken for a ride and scammed.
Now its going to be another few weeks before I'm able to seek care elsewhere.
NextCare is a joke, these people make me sick to my stomach.
Stay away from them.

My husband brought me to the clinic on Thanksgiving after I was feeling VERY dizzy all morning and wasn't going away.
The wait was average, they had others to see before it was my turn.
My head was down almost the whole time but from what I seen the clinic was clean and orderly.
I wish they would have had a bench or something so the ones that need to lay down can.
The male nurse was very nice and the doctor was very good.
He did what he could, check my urine.
He thought I was dehydrated since we just moved here and am not used to the weather yet.
He called some antibiotics in.
I went home, drank a whole bunch, rested and felt better later on that night.
I was very impressed that they didn't treat me like crud ( even though I looked and felt like crud) like alot of doctors do.
I will go back there and will tell anyone I can to go there also.

