I visited this Starbucks around 10 a.m. on the day after Christmas.
It's a hot spot, evidently, as the drive thru line was long AND there was a line halfway to the door inside.
I chose to park and go inside.
It was the slowest moving line I have seen at a Starbucks in a while.
I ordered my drink "a tall nonfat latte, one pump gingerbread," which is how I was taught to order the drink at another location I visit occasionally because, I was told, they don't charge for one pump.
The girl behind the register put my drink in as a "nonfat gingerbread latte" and charged me for the $0.40 difference.
When I attempted to correct my order, "I actually just want a latte with one pump gingerbread," her retort was "it's only like $0.20 difference.
"   WELL, Miss Moneybags, it's $0.40 different.
And, because of your unwillingness to accept my order as placed, I paid you for additional pumps of syrup, whip cream and God knows what other goodies you put on top of a gingerbread latte... because, I certainly don't know...
I only PAY for the crap, thanks to you, I don't actually take my drink that way!
So, yeah, "I have had better" and I don't think I will be back.
I'll hit one of the 80-bajillion other locations within a .5 mile radius, next time I'm in the East Valley.

If you hit Baseline, you've gone too far- tucked in with a couple other businesses.
Friendly, fast service in the drive-thru.
Didn't go inside.

Not impressed with this location as they managed to mess up an easy order.
I ordered a Hot Skinny Vanilla Latte, Decaf and I ended up with an ICED Skinny Vanilla Latte.
Since I was in a hurry, I had to take the drink instead of getting the correct one.
Upon review of my receipt, it had been put in as a ICED latte.
Oh well.

A few great things about Starbucks: 1.
You'll always be able to find one, even if you missed the one half a block earlier.
You'll always get the same great tasting coffee, no matter the location.
You'll walk out smelling like coffee if your stay is anything beyond getting it to-go.
This particular location is no exception to the rule.
That being said, if you like Starbucks coffee, you'll like it here.
Living close to this store and visiting semi frequently, I've been able to observe its ups and downs.
Ups: Free WiFi!
Day crew is awesome: they have always taken great care of me and are incredibly polite.
Outdoor seating with spraying water overhead in the summer makes it very pleasant.
Restrooms are generally clean.
Food selection is growing.
Drive thru available!
Downs: I always smell like burnt coffee after sitting in the store for any duration of time.
To conclude, this is your typical Starbucks coffee shop and does well to keep you buying coffee with their ever so faddy Tall/Grande/Venti paper cups and free WiFi.
Way to go Starbucks marketing department!

The kids and I LOVE Starbucks but this one leaves a lot to be desired.. We have been here a hand full of time and each time I keep asking myself why do I go back to this one?
The service there is almost rude.
They seem as if they are annoyed to be busy.
They never seem to be happy to service you.
Drinks take forever to make, even though they aren't as busy as other ones are.
We won't even go into the fact that my order has been messed up the last 2 times.
The main issue I have is the fact that 3 out of 5 times when sitting and relaxing with a snack, someone has to sweep the floor near me.
Really?
While I am sitting there?
There are much better Starbucks and I think I am going to try some others locally.
12/06 - The kids and I went in today for our "snack" wanted to say things were better today.
I am not going to change my rating until after my next visit ;)

This location seems to go through an abnormally large number of new staff constantly.
I have not had a problem with getting the correct order, but customer service is very hit and miss.

pretty busy at around 7 AM on a friday... i waited 20 minutes for my drink and they forgot my peppermint!
:/  not the best starbucks experience i've had.
BUT they do have a drive-thru.
wonder if that line would have moved faster...

I should've listened to the other reviewers.
Rude and annoyed.
That describes the people working there on the particular day I was there.
They seemed annoyed that people were there to order coffee!
The cashier was rude and rolled her eyes when someone said "Oh!
Can I also get a pumpkin muffin?
"  It made me uncomfortable.
I ordered a peppermint mocha and when I took a sip it was soooooo strong I felt like I did a shot of peppermint schnapps!
I went to the counter and said "I think there's an extra shot of peppermint in here.
It's really strong".
The girl took it from me and made me another one.
Never said a word.
Not a sorry, not a oh no let me make you another one.....nothing.
I guess I'll stick with what I know and not change up my routine.

Being a former Barista it is hard to find a Sbux that really gets me going.
I live in Scottsdale but happened to be in the area of this Sbux.
Even though they are a busy store, they seem to make every customer feel like they matter and not just a transaction.
Drinks were made quickly and pastries were fresh.
The really great partner (Clint) even offered to warm my morning bun up to me, even though he was busy getting other pastries!!
What a great barista!!!!
The store was one of the cleanest I have ever been in, which is amazing considering their busyness!
I would definitely be back to this location!!!
Amazing job everyone!

Awesome personalities!

I can't even..
This place, man.
Being a regular has its perks.
Every time I walk in there in the morning, Brittie welcomes me - "Hey Tate!
We doing the usual today?
" As well as making me feel like a valued customer, as well as a friend - I see that other customers appreciate it too.
On top of the fantastic customer service, my order is always, needless to say, correct.
Iced Carmel/Vanilla Latté, and a Bacon Artisan Sandwich.
Side note, finally achieved my Gold Card on the rewards program.
Couldn't be happier with this location, as well as the company overall.
A++++

It's Friday afternoon 2:45 pm you'd think the drive thru would be quicker than the last time I was in it (on a Sat 22min), nope 10 minutes.
2cars ahead of me.
I'm not ever coming back to this one.
What a joke.

Awwh SB's, how i love thee and your caffeine.
I have been to this location a few times now and i have had excellent service each and every time i have been in (or) gone through the drive-thru.
They do have free Wi-Fi inside you are looking for a place to chill.
Recommendations for drinks:  * Black Tea, Green Tea or Passion Tea Lemonades are very refreshing.
(I prefer w/no classic syrup and just add a little raw sugar, but i like these drinks less sweet than most folks.
)  * Black Tea Iced plain is really good too.
* Cool Lime Refresher is delightful as well.
* Chai Tea Latte Iced (sometimes i like it dirty too....... get your mind out of the gutter "dirty" means they add a shot of espresso.
)  Recommendations for treats: * Almond Croissant * Blueberry Oat Bar * Reduced-Fat Pumpkin Cream Cheese Loaf Cake * Cheesecake brownie

I come here all the time.
There are two things to be said about this location.
The drive thru is painfully slow, you will wait on average 20 minutes (going inside is not much quicker either).
That being said, the staff has always been very nice to me so I can't complain there...which is why I keep coming back despite the wait.

Service here is extremely slow.
Waits in the drive thru are an average of 15-20 minutes I've waited longer if the line reaches the end of the drive thru.
Inside is not much better.
Simple iced caramel macchiatos are made differently by most baristas so they rarely taste the same.
Other than that the store is always clean.
For as busy as this store is they need an extra barista because the wait times here are ridiculous

