This restaurant has a wide variety of foods from burgers to cheese steaks and much more.
Really good food with wonderful views above the lake .
Even the salads are great (for those of us looking to avoid all the fatty unhealthy things.
)  Who ever heard of great salads in the boonies?
The unhealthly stuff at this place is the best and on equal footing with places anywhere.
So are the adult beverages; A full bar with many interesting drinks.
Our youngest Kris says "the ice cream is to die for.
" It is and there are so many soft serve flavors to choose from.
At least a dozen.
This is the perfect respite for a hard day on the lake!
The ONLY place at the lake, but still a great choice.
Many places with a monopoly slide into mediocrity.
Not this one.
The food is tasty and the service is exactly right.

This is the one of the best restaurant I have been too while camping in an RV.
Typical RV resturants are bad in my experince.
The hours there open are strange but the food typical was very good.
I was surprised actually.
I am looking forward to going back to Canyon Lake next year and eating here again.

A group of us stopped in for lunch after the Dolly Steamboat nature tour.
We we all starving so we devoured our food.
Our waitress was pleasant, attentive and helpful.
We were practically the only people in the restaurant so we had great service.
I can't remember what I ordered other than sweet potato fries that were delicious, but I think it involved chicken.
All I know as it disappeared in three bites.
I'm coming back for the Friday fish fry!

Long wait for food, waitresses that don't know what they're doing, grumpy hosts, and crappy food that keeps us off the lake for 2 hours is not somewhere I plan on going ever again.

Three-star service, but five-star ambience=four estrellas.
Let's face it, marina restaurants don't have to push too hard to succeed.
Competition along the shoreline is minimal.
When the cooler runs low on the boat, Lakeside Restaurant is the only show in town.
You can tie up at the little restaurant dock, where the sign warns of a 30 minute limit, which is laughable given the snail-paced service.
Sit on the patio and toss a few crumbs to the waiting ducks and, further down the food chain, the circling iridescent big-mouth carp.
Feathered, scaled, and furry scavengers vie for patio scraps.
The water is clear and calm, and the view stunning.
The coffee is weak and watery, if plentiful, and the omelettes are big and fluffy, if bland.
The heavily inked wait staff is polite if a little rough around the edges, but props to folks who are sturdy enough tackle a full-time wilderness gig like this.
Note: these are the best restrooms within 20 miles.

I'm a regular boater at Canyon Lake, and have eaten here a couple of times only because I was with out-of-town visitors who wanted to stop there.
The atmosphere is very dull and outdated, the food is very mediocre, and the service is slow, even when there are not that many patrons there.
My last meal there was a cheeseburger & fries - Burger was small, dry, and tasteless, with a plain bun & wilted veggies.
Fries were cold & plain as well.
I can do much better at home with my own grill & a bag of frozen 'Ore-Ida fries from Wal Mart.
If you are boating on the lake, just bring some cold cuts, fresh veggies, chips & beer - You will NOT be disappointed!
Talk your friends/relatives out of eating here - It is not worth it.
If you eat outside you will be dive-bombed by birds wanting your food.
By the way, the bathrooms are GROSS!

We decided to have a quick bite to eat when waiting for The Dolly Steamboat to load.
They got us in and out real fast, we first shared a banana ice cream, it was a soft serve yellow and white swirled!
But i did not taste the banana at all?
But the ice cream was still good.
We also shared a corn dog and fries, the food were very hot, had to wait for them to cool down.
But again, they knew we were in a rush.
Over all this place was not bad.
Food was good, nothing special.
I have no problem coming back.
Savanna was our server, she was quick and really nice.

3.5 Stars  After hiking the Boulder Creek Trail we needed something to eat and take abreak before heading back.
The parking for the hiking is in the same area as the boat dock and Lakeside.
It's the only thing for miles in any direction near the lake and a nice place to hang out.
The two ladies working that Sunday were very nice, the beer was cold, and the food was pretty good.
I had the grilled cheese on wheat.
It wasn't the best I have ever had, but it went well with my beer.
As others have noted the view from the deck is pretty awesome and relaxing.
If you are in the area hiking, boating, whatever it's work a stop to check it out.

This was the worst restaurant and worst customer service I have ever experienced.
I am not one to ever complain at a restaurant or online for that matter, but I was so bothered by the lack of concern and care for this so called "restaurant.
"   Went on a Friday about 5:00pm.
There was no hostess in sight.
Waited 15 minutes for the manager to acknowledge us standing at the counter,  as well as the many guests behind us, in the EMPTY restaurant.
As our family was finally seated we waited another 20 minutes before we asked the manager if we were going to be waited on.
He was bothered that we asked him and told us to hold on- he will have to find a waitress.
Really?!
While we patiently waited and watched the everyone around us being served, we tried to ask a waitress if she could help us but she would quickly walk by, wouldn't make eye contact and ignored us.
Finally a waitress came.
But never received an apology from her or the so called management.
The restaurant wasn't even busy to be in this predicament .
Not to my surprise, I also heard a few other patrons complaining about not having a waitress and one table had been waiting 30 minutes for a waitress to acknowledge them!
What a waste of gas to get there.
Beautiful scenic drive but will never ever visit this horrible place and will let others know to never visit this place either.
The food wasn't good either.
Horrible experience.
Please don't waste your time traveling to this dump to visit staff that is RUDE and that doesn't care and have crappy food.m

Great food,  breathtaking views.
Awful awful service.
I go there frequently an the last two times we have waited twenty minutes for initial greetings, 45 minutes for drinks and an hour for food.
If they fix this I will re rate.
Otherwise,  I will be staying a way for a bit.

Lakeside Restaurant & Cantina - A Reasonably Priced Restaurant Overlooking Canyon Lake  One recent Wednesday, we took the noon Scenic Nature Tour on the Dolly Steamboat on Canyon Lake.
After viewing the Dolly Steamboat Website, we were under the impression that sandwiches or a box lunch would be available on the afternoon tours.
We were wrong.
Therefore, by the end of the 90-minute boat ride, we were hungry.
There were no other restaurants within a couple of miles of the boat, so we decided to eat at Lakeside Restaurant & Cantina, right next door.
The exterior of the restaurant looked very appealing.
We knew that it had a picturesque view of Canyon Lake.
We were, therefore, a little surprised when we entered the restaurant that the décor was so dated.
Let me just say that the interior does not compete with the view of Canyon Lake.
If it were not such a hot day in June with temperatures in the 108-degree range, we would have dined outside on the patio.
The Dolly was not going out for another tour that afternoon, so she stayed docked while we ate our lunch.
We were greeted as we entered the restaurant and told to sit wherever we wanted.
We chose a table near a window.
Some diners who we recognized from the boat tour were already seated and drinking tropical drinks.
If you just want a drink, they have a fully stocked bar.
Our very pleasant server brought over menus and took our beverage orders.
She was very helpful and answered our questions about menu choices.
We were tempted to order the Canyon Mudslide or the Capsized Cactus Creation but we had more sightseeing to do plus a long ride home so we stayed with water.
There were more than 17 choices on the Lunch Menu and the Special of the Day for Wednesday was Swiss Mushroom Burger.
I wished that we had dined on a Saturday because a Reuben Sandwich was the Special that day.
Although I was leaning toward the Philly Cheese Steak, $7.89, I finally settled on the Greek Gyro, $7.49 and my included side was fries.
The rest of my party ordered the Special of the Day and chose various sides.
Our orders took quite awhile to arrive.
Maybe it just seemed that way because we were so hungry.
On the other hand, maybe it was just that everyone from the boat tour arrived around the same time.
My Gyro was good and the others enjoyed their burgers.
If you like burgers, there are seven choices not including the Grilled Chicken Burger which will cost you $1 more if you substitute it for the beef.
The Chef Specialties were Cheese Steak and BBQ Pork Ribs.
Soups/Chili, Salads and Seafood dishes round out the Lunch menu.
The many (15) Appetizers are all the usual ones plus a few unusual ones.
Prices ranged from a half portion of Buffalo wings, $3.29 up to $8.79 for Nachos Grande.
Many were in the mid range of $14- $16 such as Buffalo Shrimp, Beer Batter Shrimp, Mozzarella or Clam Sticks.
Dinner Entrees range from $12.49 for a Seafood Platter, Fillet of Lemon Tilapia or Blackened Cajun Catfish up to $16.99 for Rib Eye and $20.99, Surf & Turf.
Dinner Entrees come with two sides.
Dine on Fridays for the All-You-Can-Eat Fish Fry.
Although we were tempted by the variety of soft ice cream choices, we decided to wait until we visited Tortilla Flats and have dessert there.
The restrooms for the restaurant are public ones used also by patrons of the Dolly Steamboat.
They were a little messy late in the afternoon but I have been in worse ones.
The restaurant does offer free Wi-Fi.

The Pot Roast burger is tremendous!!!
Peach pina colada tasty but not much of  a buzz.
Atmosphere is great, alternatives are non-existent.
Seriously...
I'd go back for the Pot Roast burger.
I have never had anything quite like it.

Lakeside Restaurant & Cantina came highly recommended to me by a co-worker, so I decided to give it a try for lunch on a beautiful, sunny weekday.
First off, the scenery that surrounds the restaurant is breathtaking, as is beautiful Canyon Lake that the eatery looks out onto.
I decided to try the special of the day, a black angus portobello mushroom burger and a side salad.
The burger was literally the best one I've had the pleasure of eating.
My mouth waters even now as I think of it!
The salad was an extremely pleasant surprise....fresh "designer" lettuce surrounded by delicious cucumbers,  tomatoes, craisins and the best buttermilk ranch dressing I've ever had.
My server explained that everything they served, including the salad dressing, was home made..from scratch.
I decided to try their ice cream...which was also literally the best I've had...no Dairy Queen yuck here!
I absolutely am proud to award Lakeside Restaurant & Cantina a FIVE STAR rating....everything from the scenery, ambience, and food made for one exceptionally enjoyable experience.
Additionally, the staff was extremely pleasant, friendly and accommodating.
Believe me when I say that you will be extremely satisfied with your experience at this restaurant.
Andrea Koukos-Paul

The WORST Service AND Food I have ever experienced!!
The owner nearly forced a member of our family to drink a bloody mary that was way under par and when she kindly sent it back the owner argued that it was what she ordered and so she should drink it!!
We were ultimately charged for the drink!!
With slow service we finally received our food and the Fish Fry was awful: luke warm and chewy!!!
Canyon lake is beautiful and the cantina has a great view but NOT Worth the agony that owner or staff put us through.

On 11/29/2013, the day after Thanksgiving, 6 of us rented a pontoon to putt around Canyon Lake for a few hours.
Afterwards we went to the restaurant for drinks and lunch.
My girlfriend and I had only been here for drinks in the past when out on our Harley...just to sit and admire the view.
We had never actually eaten here and certainly never had Bloody Marys here or we CERTAINLY would have known better than to do it again.
We were able to get seats on the patio which was preferred so we could take in the gorgeous view of the lake.
As we walked into the restaurant I was fairly surprised to see only 1 table inside with customers...but the patio was full....by "full" I mean perhaps 10-12 tables...seemingly not at all unmanageable for the wait staff.
I made the comment to my girlfriend that it appears the view seemed to be more appealing to folks than the food...astonishingly insightful as we would soon discover.
The service was excruciatingly slow but after having passed us by several times with the promise of returning someone finally stopped at our table to take our drink order.
Time just seemed to stop as we awaited our drinks and to place our food orders.
We all ordered something to drink but what turned out to be the topic of intense drama was the Bloody Mary my girlfriend ordered.
Anyone who drinks Bloody Mary knows there are many many different varieties....some good...some not so good and that decision is made by the person who is drinking it...NOT by the person who made it.
My girlfriend and I BOTH decided this particular Bloody Mary was among the worst we had ever tasted.
When the waitress finally made another appearance at our table she asked her to return it to the bar and to please bring her a Michelob Ultra.
The waitress said she would get the drink comped and bring her a beer.
This has never been a big deal in the past.
If one doesn't like their drink it is the same as if they didn't like their steak...it's not good, we don't want it please take it away and remove it from our bill.
A woman came out to our table...who was later identified by our waitress as the owner....with my girlfriend's drink in her hand.
She was extremely rude and had an ugly scowl on her face.
She looked my girlfriend in the eyes and said in a fairly loud voice, "What's wrong with the drink"?
My girlfriend replied she did not like it.
The "owner" said, "this is a Bloody Mary...you ORDERED a Bloody Mary".
She sat the drink down in front of my girlfriend as if to force her to drink it.
At that point my girlfriend said she did not want the Bloody Mary and then I piped in and said in a loud and stern voice, "we'll pay for the damned thing just take it away!!
" That's all she wanted to hear so she removed it and EVENTUALLY brought my girlfriend a beer.
I have never ever in my 55 years of life been been treated like this in a restaurant.
The Bloody Mary was HORRIBLE and this woman was way to proud to be able to IMAGINE that someone could possibly NOT like her Bloody Mary!
!...although I would bet it has happened many times in the past.
Her reaction was if we ordered the Bloody Mary, we're PAYING for the Bloody Mary no matter how horrible it tastes.
I just could not believe how this woman was talking down to us and how she was treating us...THE CUSTOMER!!
She likely had less than $2 invested in the ingredients of the drink and she pushed us away...locals who brought in guests from out of town...NEVER to return...over a $2 drink rather than comp it and come outside to tell us she was sorry we didn't like the drink but she had removed it from our bill...which is what one would expect from a respectable place of business where the customer and his/her business is appreciated.
Oh...it doesn't end there...

Really friendly people, but super slow on the service.
But where else are you going to go when this is about the only choice?

This was terrible!
They say they have fresh fish each week...flown in from Alaska !
Please ... That is a lie it is not.
They advertise the burger is 100% real beef ..
It is not.
The food is NOT good.
The nice service crew had three people working for a crowd of 30 it was not a place I would recommend.
I did like the water that's it.

We have a boat docked here and have eaten at the restraunt several times.
Every time we look at each other and say "why"?
Well because if you're willing to put up with flat out horrific service the food is pretty good.
Very homey.
Better than big chain food.
Not amazing.
And the view of the lake is nice.
But seriously....
The service is sooo bad.
You wait to be seated while staff walk by you avoiding eye contact.
Eventually the woman who owns or manages it... Not sure which will say.
"Be right with you".
Not true.
Then she'll seat you with a "your server will be right with you" also not true.
One time we sat and watched servers sit and eat when there were two tables in the restraunt  and no one even looked at us.
I went to the register where the manager was doing something  and asked "can we get coffee" and got a snippy "your server will be right with you"   What?
You can't get coffee?
The two stars are the food and view otherwise a one star.

The WORST service ever!
Save your time and money and bring a P&J sandwich!
This place is chronically understaffed, and the few employees are apathetic.
Your "15-20 minute wait" to be seated will be 40-45 minutes.
Then you'll wait an additional 10-15 minutes for a waitress to take your drink order.
Give the food another 30 minutes.
Never again will I go (or take any out-of-town visitors) to this place!

The food is usually pretty good here, except this last time I ordered a patty melt, and it literally came out with the fixins of a regular hamburger on rye bread...?
The only buzz kill here is sometime the serivce gets slow when they are busy, they cannot handle a rush nor a full house.

