This Wal-Mart is not a good Wal-mart.
People at this location are not very responsive to your needs.
NOTE: Do not call over the phone, fore they will say they will place something on hold and not follow through with it.
This place is not very professional at all.
I had to spend a whole $150 more for a laptop that i could of got for apt.
$325.00.
Please, if you are a independent person.
DO NOT shop at this location.
They will scam you to the fullest.

This WalMart REALLY needs more cashiers, especially at night.
One lane open at 10pm?
That's okay if there's only a few people checking out.
However, when there are 20 people in line for one register and at least three employees walk by, two of which were clearly cashiers, and there is still only one register open, there's a problem.
There have been numerous times I have wanted to buy something, but didn't have 20 minutes to wait, so I put what I could back without wasting too much time and left.
I know I am not the only person that has done this.
Even during the day when there are copious amounts of people, there never seems to be enough cashiers.
Why not do the local economy a favor and hire more?
Or does the manager get a bonus if they can get employees to do double the work for a third of the pay?
That being said, if you can get a hold of Wendy or the other managed (his name escapes me) and you have a legitimate concern, they will help you out.
Wendy does a lot for the community, and it is probably corporate's fault she can't get more cashiers but...
It's still a valid complaint.
---  In regards to Linda P., there are many other places open after 9PM, such as Fry's and Safeway.
Fry's opens back up at 4PM as well.

I'd just like to update and say there have been self-checkouts added!
Hallelujah!
Once all of the "construction" clears up, this Walmart should be just as great, if not better than the one off Signal Butte.
So glad that this Walmart is finally getting the attention it needed, even if it's not the attention it deserves.

Can't stand walmart as it is but sometimes you need something and you have to go in.
This is the first time at this one and the worst we have ever seen.
Employees fighting at yelling at each other.
Hubby goes and gets manager because nobody in electronics for half hour, he even tells the manager about the fighting.
He walks back there with him and looks at the lady and says " will you help this guy"?
Turns and leaves.
And these people want more money?
Fire the manager and start over.
I will never walk in there again and I am telling everyone I know not to either.
I'm giving one star to the frustrated employee that couldn't find the other employee for a long time.
You could tell she hates her job and feels like pulling her hair out.
If I had a business I would go rescue her.

WALMART...
The Store We Hate to Love; The Necessary Evil; The All Time Predator of Captive Audiences...
However you wish to characterize it, Walmart does nothing good for America.
I agree with other reviewers, this location is the pits.
ALL the merchandise I've purchased since moving here last summer has been nothing but defective trash made in China.
Electronics and jewelry are the worst.
But that's true at every Walmart.
Management can be compassionate and understanding, but only if you spend twenty minutes educating them about the law and the implied warranty of merchantability.
Getting refunds isn't usually difficult, unless you're in the jewelry dept.
There you get snotty arguments and evasive excuses, why they can't refund your money on that piece of once-quality, Brand-Name merchandise you bought six weeks ago, that suddenly quit or broke with no warning.
Why?
Because it's junk, and is now made in China, too.
Are the employees surly and inattentive?
Wouldn't you be, if you were a young, non-English speaking single mother, forced to work part time, for minimum wage, threatened with being fired if you should utter the word 'union', forced to work overtime without pay, have toddlers to support, and health care so expensive it's prohibited?
Or a retiree faced with similar disadvantages?
Walmart's true health care goal is to derail its employees onto public assistance.
Walmart shouts, "Always Lower Prices...
Always!".
Well, maybe.
Unless you cross the line into the supermarket aisles and discover you're about to be gang-raped with prices higher than the worst 7-11.
How does Walmart profit from those $4 meds?
Notice how you must STAND IN LINE alongside all those worthless diet rip-offs, and there's your answer.
Notice how the counter is always understaffed, and you must wait and wait?
That is NO accident - while you're waiting, you get to fantasize about losing weight and fall victim to purchasing such overpriced trash as Slim-Fast and other useless exercises in spending money.
Walmart is the Community Bully; the scourge of every city and town in America.
Like the 17-year locusts, Walmart devours the local economy wherever they set up shop.
Their CEO's blood runs colder than ice water, and they have all the moral fiber of a dog turd left out in the rain.
For more on how Walmart operates, go to YouTube and enter "Walmart - The High Cost of Low Prices".
It's an eye-opener...

