Love it!
A local bar/restaurant with lots of character.
You know the kind - lots of interesting knick knacks on the walls, shelves, ceiling.
Distinctive local western decor.
Not fancy by any stretch of the imagination meaning you will not have to spend a lot of money for food.
Speaking of food, the green chili is  about as good as it gets.
I would return again and again just for the green chili.
Menu has variety ranging from Mexican food (fabulous!
) to American (Burgers, steak, seafood - Cod).
Complimentary chips and salsa - excellent .
You'll find tourists and locals eating side-by-side (95% local, 5% tourists :-).
A large bar area with a few TV's and a dozen or so bar stools and 5-6 dinner tables and a back room just for dining with a mix of tables and booths.
Fine for families.

Yum!
Went with a friend who raved about the salsa, and it was very good.
I had a cheeseburger and fries and could only finish about half of my meal; the servings were huge!

Steaks and Prime Rib were tops and at a fair price.
Desserts great too.
Plan to return on our next trip to Canyon Lake.

Dirtwater Springs was a neat place.
Animal heads and other steak house type of things adorned the walls.
It had the vibe of a great local eatery and watering hole.
The free chips and salsa were outstanding.
Both were, I think, made in house.
Quality free eats always win major brownie points with me.
For dinner I ordered the ribeye steak with mashed potatoes.
The potatoes were homemade and tasty.
Quite good, actually.
Some of the best I've had in awhile.
The steak, however, left much to be desired.
For the price charged (just under $20) I expect to be served something that I cannot make myself in a timely fashion or match in quality.
That was not the case with this steak.
Any backyard function can provide me with the same quality steak for a fraction of the cost.
Service was great and the waitress floated around our table frequently.
The others in my party took part in the bottomless fish fry and she was always quick to bring out more cod for their consumption.
If I find myself in Apache Junction again around dinner time I would return but I wouldn't get the steak.
For too pricey for the quality if you ask me.
The menu had plenty of other options and I don't think I'd walk away disappointed.

Checked on Yelp for a fish fry place and this popped up with 4 stars so decided to try it.
WE LOVED IT!
We split an Alaskan Cod dinner with salad, baked potato with the trimmings, a corn on the cob and topped it off with a yummy apple carmel nut pie warmed up with vanilla ice cream smothering it.
My husband had a beer...our total was under $25!!
The cod was excellent and not at all greasy--just perfectly crisp.
Cammie, our server, was excellent and friendly.
The restaurant was very clean and very interesting decor with a very western flair--without the dust!
The booths are very roomy.
It is family friendly.
Has a tv or two in the bar area.
Apache Junction is on Hwy 60 near Superstition Mountain.
The restaurant is just off the 88 about 2.5 miles north of the 60.
For those who like a challenge, they have a 72 oz steak that will have the cost waived, if you can eat it in under 60 minutes.

Great Staff and and variety of food.
Brenda the manager runs a tight ship.
If something is not to your liking, tell her.
She will make it right.

three stars is a little generious but 2 is harsh because the place i wanted to go nextdoor was closed i drifted in here they give you chips and salsa (which was a little more like a bad marinara and half the chips were borderline stale) the women working the bar was pleasant the menu seamed a bit pricey i ended up having a pattymelt which was decent and a few bluemoon in nice frosty mugs.the interior is typical old arizona/western style

Cool little place with a fun atmosphere.
Stopped in for lunch and the food was good and the portions were fine as well.
Has that old western tourist feel to it with memorabilia on the walls.
Friendly staff took good care of us.
I'd certainly swing back by if I were in the area, especially at night, the bar looked pretty cool!

We've been eating here for over 20 years...usually come in once a year when my wife and I take my parents to dinner for their birthdays.
Everything I have ever tried here is good.
The steaks are execellent, the fish fry is out of this world.
This last time I had a chimichange...what was I thinking???
However, I was not disappointed.
Their chimi was fantastic and was better than a lot of the Mexican places in the valley.
Definitely worth checking out!

We visited on a Friday evening - wow, is it popular!
We had a party of 16 but had phoned ahead.
They had us seated pretty fast and the service was absolutely great!
I had a Ruben Sandwich and it was very tasty, but I really loved the home made tasting Cole Slaw that came with it.
I stole some of my wife's French Fries - very yummy!
I didn't have a beer, but several others at our table had draft beers delivered in very large frosty mugs ... mmmmm.
I had iced tea and it was weak - I like a stronger tea.
I will definitely come back again soon.

Yelp kinda let me down on this one.
I was not impressed with this place.
The service wasn't that bad but could have been much much better.
The silverware and glasses were super dirty and it kinda turned me off to the rest of the mess.
The food wasn't bad, in fact it was exactly what I expected from the appearance.
It was really greasy and not all that satisfying.
In their defense I feel like I should have purchased the Alaskan Cod or a steak but I couldn't take the chance of it being shitty.

C'mon Yelpers!
4 stars?!
No way, jose.
This place is nothing special and I suggest, if you are looking for a nice local place to eat in Mesa, you MOVE ON!
Initially we wanted to try the little bar next door, but being New Year's Day, it was closed so we settled for this place.
We walked into a dingy looking restaurant with old, dusty pictures and knick-knacks nailed to the walls and when we were seated, our server was short with us as if they were about to close and she didn't want us there.
We all ordered some beer and I opted for the mug to pour mine out of the bottle.
When I received it, however, I opted not to pour it into the mug afterall  because it was so dirty and cloudy that the very thought of drinking out of it was repulsing.
I wasn't very hungry so I figured the potato skins would be a nice smaller meal but boy was I wrong!
I was served 2 full sized russet potatoes, halved and carved out for the cheese and toppings.
There was so much cheese on these potatoes that I literally had to take 3/4 of it off just to enjoy the potato itself.
Also, they were so greasy that even in the short time we were sitting there the grease was piling up on top of the cheese.
Did they even strain the bacon bits?
I don't think so... Needless to say, I only ate one and lost my appetite.
Also to be noted, the silverware was all spotty and looked like they hadn't seen the inside of a dishwasher/sanitizer in quite some time.
The only reason I gave this place 2 stars instead of 1 is because in our rush to get the heck out of there, I left my debit card on the table and the waitress chased us outside to return it.
I was incredibly thankful for that!

We have been here a couple times.
I had chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes and gravy.
Everything was so salty I couldn't eat much.
The next time, we had the all you can eat cod.
When the waitress set down our plates, I could see the grease on the fries.
They were dark and all soggy and limp.
I told the waitress and she said she would bring more.
It took quite a long time.
We were already done eating the fish before the fries came out.
The new fries were crisp and golden.
She said they never should have sent them out like that.
Later another woman came and apologized for the fries but said that's the way they are and you either love or hate them.
Really?
Which story was it?
Anyway, I would go again for the cod and ask for the regular fries; not the "natural" ones.

Terrific food ... especially the all you can eat fish!
...
The fish has a nice light breading.
Good service.
There's always a crowd; but it is worth the wait!

Just stopped in for a beer,  Place seems dirty !
ha  The service was good.
Nothing great.
The beer was cold.
Not somewhere I would frequent especially with pretty much domestic drafts and no craft beer.
Didnt eat here so I cant say much about that.

We were hesitant when we came by but reviews were good so went on.
So glad we did!
Starting with the chips and salsa the food was excellent.
My husband had the chicken lime Burger and it was so unique and good.
I had the pork tenderloin sandwich which was perfect.
And dont forget those hand cut fries!!!!
Superb place to eat.

Delicious Mexican food.
Complimentary salsa dip kept coming.
Well worth a visit

Cod was good although I ate too much.
The $1.50 Alaskan Ambers were good and cold, and when I had accidentally left my wallet all was in tact when I returned to get it:) people were friendly, place was visually enhancing ...
But next time I'm ordering something off the menu... No all you can eat cod for me.. Once was enough.
I'd go back because of the service and atmosphere.
The Beef Barley soup was excellent even gave a roll w it, and key lime pie was primo!

Great food, fun place I will go back.

We shared a plate of fried chicken on a Sunday night.
The food was good and we were allowed to choose which pieces of chicken we got.
Our waitress was good another were busy.
Our wait wasn't bad considering how busy they were.
We will be back because we like fried chicken and their beer selection was good

We have passed this place for years and said we need to try it someday.
We finally did and now we regret waiting so long!
The food is good and the service is fast and friendly.
What more could you ask for?
How about a ghostly encounter?
Over the years restaurant employees and customers have reported many mysterious events that some believe are attributed to the ghost of a woman who was murdered here back in the late 1940s.
Even if you don't spot a spirit, the food is darned good, especially the pork tenderloin sandwich.

This restaurant is living off it's laurels not it's good food.
We were very disappointed several times and will not go back.
Service is okay but the food was awful.

We had family visiting from out of State.
So Rawhide is closed on Monday and Tuesday now days.
I guess they are not doing to well lately.
So instead we went somewhere that I have never been either.
A Ghost town out in Apache Junction.
I never knew ,but it is a real Gold mine.
Anyway, back to the restaurant.
This place was recommended to us by the Train conductor.
We were so glad that we listened.
It was a very cool little place with an interesting history.
They too claim that it is haunted by the past owner of an old Shell station that used to be there.
That is a fun little story that you can read about while there.
The menu has a lot to offer ,all sorts of different choices.
They have something for everyone.
The server comes to your table with chips and salsa and your drinks.
We all got something a little different and all of it was really good.
They have a full bar ,and even chocolate milk for the younging we had with us.
(She was very happy).
We had the Philly with steak, Hamburger, Cheeseburger, and Prime Rib.
Everyone really liked all the food.
They even have a child's menu.
After the kids are through eating they bring them a Vanilla ice cream cone.
AWESOME!
The prices are very reasonable as well.
Plenty of parking in the front and the back.
Decorated with lots of cool old things and it is clean in there as well.
A major plus for an older place.
I would go back any time.
In fact we are looking forward to it.

