Nice shop.
Will work with you on price if you ask but it's limited depending on the bike you want.
Overall HD presentation won't compare to AZ HD or Hacienda, but that lower overhead may save you money.

Got to (or had to) spend 4 hours here today..  My hand grips were literally melting off my v-rod..
So, I went to see if they had them replacements, and they did.
Common part, so not a huge surprise.
Then, I asked if they could order a rubber pad for one of my footpegs..
They actually had it in stock!
This is not a part many shops would have on hand.
So, after purchasing, I inquired about the install process.
Didn't sound that complicated, but decided to have it done at the service dept.
30 minutes install wasn't bad, it was just waiting an hour for a tech that was the problem..
But, I didn't call ahead or anything, so not their fault..
The waiting area had a big screen, comfy chairs, free water, and a pool table.
All I needed was a brew..  Bike done, they rolled it out.
They even had washed her!
But, alas, the adventure was not over.
Front tire was flat.
They had already filled it and in 5 minutes, it was flat.
So, they rolled it back inside.
Leaky valve stem set me back another 1.5 hours and a C note.
But, better than a wreck if you ask me.
Now, bike is clean, grips are fresh, and tires are pumped up to 38 PSI and holding strong.
Now, if we could just drop the temp about 20 degrees, I'll be all set.

Great dealership!
Friendly staff.
Great selection.

Best HD dealership around - great staff - if you want a bike, ask for Jerry or David.
Tell them I sent you.
If you want motor clothes, the selection is great and, in typical HD fashion, the girls are terrific.
See Tasha or CJ for personal service.
In parts, talk to Carlos & the guys.
This store makes you part of the family without the whiny little sister.
No complaints.

My experience with these folks has noting to do with buying a new Harley, but with the Parts Department.
I recently purchase a 2005 Heritage Softail Classic and needed to change some things on the bike to suit me and since they were the closest Harley Davidson Dealership to me, I took a trip down to gather up what I needed.
The staff behind the parts counter has been very accommodating.
Terry, Tyler Carlos and George a have all treated me with respect and patience.
Terry and Tyler, whom I have worked with primarily, are two of the nicest people you'll meet.
They are knowledgeable, helpful, kind and always greet me by my forst name with a big "Hey Stew.
How' Ya' Doin Today!
"  It's great to have people meet you warm;y when you are new to their business as a customer and they truly demonstrate that with great sincerity.
They are terrific!
~Stew~

Chesters is the best Harley dealer in the Valley.
I bought my bike there last year and from sales to the parts/service department, I've had nothing but great service.
Thanks to Jerry Mutal... the nicest, no-pressure salesman ...
I love my Deluxe!

Great staff.
Outstanding service.
Thank you Joe, Wolf, Cathy and Kyle.
Really know how to treat customers.
If you decide to buy a used motorcycle from these people be prepared for helpful staff to assist you in finding the right bike.
The guy in charge, Joe and my salesman, Wolf and Cathy, the lady who reminded me of the wife on the Sopranos(in a good way) took great care of me and made sure I got the right bike.
There was an issue with the bike and service took care of it and got me a loaner.
Great place.

The concert for Great White was great...But you guys need to get your act together on how you serve your people...The line was a half hour long...under staffed...very very disorganized...

I had been looking for a bike for weeks.
I wish I would have just started here!
They're extremely helpful and want to help you find the right bike for you.
Troll is the man!
He got me into exactly what I was looking for quickly and easily.
I am THRILLED with the after the sale service as well.
I can't recommend Chester's strongly enough!!

Such friendly folks!
Helpful, knowledgable and the special events are a blast!

I didn't want to like Chester's.
There are 3 HD shops closer to me.
The riders edge course they offer got me to head there way.
(Loved the class, has saved my life at least 30 times)  SO glad I did!
Since then I've been to other shops, ones that don't even acknowledge me when I walk in or when looking at bikes for 20 mins.
Ones that ignore me and my GF who's looking for a bike.
Ones where you feel like you are inconveniencing them to ask a question.
Chester's made me feel welcome.
They weren't pushy.
They talked me OUT of spending money on something I didn't need.
Their follow up care has maybe been the best customer experience I've ever had with a big purchase.
Chris  Carlos  And everyone else there.
You guys are awesome.
2+ years later and glad I made that trip all the way to Chester's.

The new team seems to have great leadership.
Parts guys are willing to bring out product and test fit your bike.
The used bike inventory they have is great, and when it comes to new and custom work, they really soar.
Some of the fastest bikes in the valley are tuned up at Chester's.

