Going to Tucson or points East of Phoenix?----Well about 46 miles east for Phoenix off Hwy 10, is Casa Grande, and at the Florence Exit (194), there is a sweet little chain restaurant called Cracker Barrel, known for its' home-style meals and country kitchen atmosphere.
As you enter the restaurant, you actually enter the gift shop, filled with a lot of 'Old Time' curios and items from the 50's and 60's.
I had found Moon-pies that I hadn't seen since I was in grade school, when my Mom use to throw them into my Superman Lunch Box and it would be one of the high points of my luncheon meal!
When you are done browsing the gift shop, the welcome station is in the back, with someone ready to escort you and your party to your table.
Again, the motif' is Country Home Style, and they even have the pyramid peg games at each table for passing time and laughs with your company.
Be ready to take your cholesterol pills because this place doesn't hold back on the fatty substances and such, but the food is good for what it is...Breakfast (round the clock), Lunch or Dinner... Me, I was there for the grits and eggs in the middle of the afternoon---lol.....Just had an inkling for it.
The service is adequate, the atmosphere fun, the pace is kick-back, and the prices are moderate.
I give it three stars for the bad sausage patties I got that made me have diarrhea for four days straight!
(literally!

4.5 stars.
Friends and I were in Tucson and headed over to Tombstone, but before we got there we stopped for some breakfast.
I hate eggs, so I got the cheesy potato casserole with cinnamon apple side with a biscuit!
So yummy.
So southern.
Made me melt inside.
Too bad I live in California.
I'd embrace it in a heart beat.
My friends enjoyed their respective breakfasts as well.
Gotta stop for some old time candy on your way out!!
Come to California Cracker Barrel!

Mammas Pancake Breakfast - Extra Crispy Bacon with one more over easy egg and your SET.
Nothing more left to say other than this is my first choice for a yummy Hotcake breakfast.

Cracker Barrel - it is what it is, right?
Go in expecting Cracker Barrel and that's exactly what you'll receive.
I've always been tempted to get a job there.just so I can earn all those stars some of them have on their uniforms.
Since being Starfleet officer is out of the question, this might be the next best thing.
I have noticed that a lot of what used to be cool in their "country store" has been replaced by Chinese-made junk.
Today, there are tons of paper-thin Halloween costumes and Webkins, neither of which scream "country store" to me.
Whatever.
Go when you're craving gravy, butter, and breading.
If they had buttered  breading with gravy as a dish, I'd probably order it.

this was an attempt at an old tyme eatery.
Pros.
They have a nive gift shop.
Cons.
the food was cold, the servers were less then attentive, the prices were way out of wack.
For  chain style restaraunt they should have had it down.
Dont expect to see me there again.

Breakfast anytime ... and it's hard to mess up breakfast.
It's a step up from franchise fast food (McDonald's, Burger King, etc.
) on the road but not what I'd call a giant step.
The big difference is that you get to sit down while they take your order (as opposed to standing in line at a counter).
The coffee is OK but not what I'd call gourmet.
Service is friendly and helpful.

Come to this place really hungry!
Because my eyes were like bigger than my stomach!
I wanted to order everything on the menu!
This place has biscuits and gravy, grits anything southern....you name it!
The manger was super nice and tried to accommodate my daughter who has severe allergies to dairy.
He tried his best, but this place is certainly not for VEGANS!

I was disappointed with the service I got at this Cracker Barrel.
While it was quick, it wasn't all that friendly.
I ordered the plate that included biscuits, fried apples, and hasbrown casserole, and I added a side of grits to it.
My boyfriend and his dad heard me order it, but apparently, the waitress didn't.
She quickly disappeared after she brought out our food, so I didn't have the chance to ask about my grits then.
She never checked back with us, so I kind of flagged her down near the end of our meal as she passed by our table.
I told her I had ordered a side of grits, but I never received it.
She glared at me and made kind of a grumble noise.
She did bring some grits out a few minutes later, but she didn't smile or say anything.
The apples were absolutely delicious.
The grits were bland (I remember them being much better at another Cracker Barrel location), and part of my hashbrown casserole was burnt.
The part that wasn't burnt was really good, though.
The biscuits were cold, and they didn't taste fresh.
I was disappointed that my biscuits didn't come with gravy, but maybe they only come with gravy when you order the big breakfast deals?
I dunno.
But my boyfriend let me have some of his gravy, and it, too, was cold.
And it wasn't thick and creamy like I've had it at other Cracker Barrel restaurants.
Maybe this location was just having an off day?
Fortunately, my first experience with Cracker Barrel was an extremely good one (both food- and service-wise), so I'm not going to say that I'll never come back to this chain due to this one experience.
But I can honestly say that my experience at this location doesn't measure up nearly as high as my experiences at other Cracker Barrel restaurants (one of which I would have given five stars to had I been a Yelper at the time).

I'm already a huge fan of any Cracker Barrel so I was excited to eat already.
This one is just as charming and cute as any other Cracker Barrel.
The homestyle cooked food was well prepared and service was friendly.
The prices are reasonable as well.
One of my favorite spots for home cooked food when I'm feeling too lazy to cook.

Hungry for breakfast while on a road trip, we ventured into this Cracker Barrel on a Sunday morning.
Big mistake.
The service was  less than efficient.
One staffer took our order, a second staffer brought the food, and a third staffer brought the check.
The food was almost inedible.
The eggs were cold.
Not warm, but cold.
The 'hash brown casserole' was a strange gummy mixture that tasted vaguely of potatoes, and was also cold.
The sausage gravy was at least warm, but tasteless, and the biscuit was stale.
It was a less than pleasant experience, and I am not likely to frequent this chain again.

2nd best breakfast place in Casa Grande.
The best is Cookie Jar on 2nd street.
But I still love this place has the best ambiance, very friendly staff, and always fresh and well-cooked breakfast.
Cute little store too.

Well, there is something in the hash browns here.
I keep on ordering it to see if my taste buds can finally decipher what is so special about Cracker Barrels hash browns but all i got was addicted.
I no longer question the 'ingredient/s' they put in this simple hash brown casserole, i just stop by during lunch every now & then to feed my weird Cracker Barrel hash brown addiction.

Typical food for cracker barrel,.
Service is usually pretty good, however today was poor.
Several employees standing around talking loudly, all while we waited for 5 min.
to be seated in a near empty restaurant.
Almost walked out!

Am impressed with how Cracker Barrel responded to this.
The Manager called and we talked about it.
My review stands as this was reflective of our experience at the time.
We will try this restaurant next time we are passing thru as we have had 3 other pleasant experiences at this location.

Had a really bad experience in the last Cracker Barrel i went to in Florida and told myself i would never come to another one ever again.
So after being up for over 24 hours from work , co-workers decide to go to Cracker Barrel without telling me so i'm stuck in the car tagging along.
I say eff it and give it a shot.
So glad i did because it was a complete opposite experience from the last time i went to a Cracker Barrel.
Everyone there was very polite and helpful!
not sure if they do it in all the other branches, but I was suprised that they put a lemon in the water, which is awesome!
Ordered the country fried steak and it was very delicious!
our server checked up on us and always made sure we were doing ok.
Unfortunately i can't give her props because i forgot her name due to being dehydrated and tired before we got there and was just focused on eating and water.
Overall , i'd most likely not go to another cracker barrel because of how bad the Florida one was but if i am in Arizona and in this area again and someone said to go Cracker Barrel , i'd definately go!

Great price and great food.
Glad I stopped.

I just love the Cracker Barrel....always fabulous food.
Service was flawless.

I'd never eaten at a Cracker Barrel before so I can't comment if the food is so bad because of this location or just piss poor overall.
The cornbread was so bad I took one to go because we had the dog in the car and he wouldn't even eat it, it doesn't taste like there is any corn in it.
Maybe if you add corn or just start using jiffy mix they would improve.
My oven fried chicken was pretty good - ill give them that.
My Mac and cheese side would have been better if it was hot.
Luke warm was the general theme of all of the sides - mashed potatoes were Luke too.
The hashbrown casserole potatoes were still crunchy and undercooked which made it inedible.
No one eats raw potato.
Hubby also had a tummy ache after eating here which scares me to think about the state of the kitchen.
I will probably never eat at this chain again,

Had a craving for chicken and dumplings.
.man, so good.
Did a to-go order and they changed the format.
It was ready in less than 5 minutes and the waitress even told me about the biscuits and cornbread.
They put extra butter in so it wouldn't melt as quickly.

I have always been a huge fan- love the food, the environment, the overall experience.
Price is right, service is normally fast and food is good quality.
My only "dislike" is no beer/wine/bar, I am no lush, but occasionally enjoy an adult beverage while dining.
Otherwise- great place!

Hadn't been to this Cracker Barrel in quite a while, but with a new project starting up in the area, thought I would stop in and have lunch .
it appears that they hadn't missed a beat.
We were seating quickly, and our waitress stopped almost immediately to take our drink order.
When she returned with our drinks she was ready to take our order.
The food came quickly and was hot and delicious .
I ordered the Grilled Rueben with Steak Fries .
thought I would treat myself to some desert today .
and a nice slice of pecan pie sounded just wonderful .
but that is were they lost a star .
I was informed that pecan pie was only seasonal .
WHAT .
a southern style restaurant without pecan pie .
on well, maybe next time.

Ok, to start I and my family have been to this one many other times and no complaints until tonight, 9-14-13.
We will never go there again!!!!
We ordered and both my mother-in-law and I had sandwiches.
She had the potato soup, I ordered sweet tea to drink.
Well it took a long time for the food to come and when it did another server brought the main dishes and  she noticed that the soup was not at the table.
So she came right back with a Cold cup of potato soup.
I also asked for more tea and some ketchup.
Well the original server came and I had to tell her about the cold soup, ketchup and tea.
Scalding hot soup came.
She left and a little later with, as it turns out, the wrong tea and no ketchup.
Left again and game back with ketchup.
The tea?
Well I was not willing to wait for a long time and just put some Splenda in it.
We finished and left to pay.
The cashier was very cheerful and asked how the meal was and I answered "eehh, it was ok" with a low obvious not happy tone.
She just looked at me but made no attempt to ask anything more, became quiet and just asked me to sign the receipt.
So if they don't care why should I?
To reiterate::::  never again to this place.

Horrible service by an overworked, tired looking, grouchy waitress named TRACY.
Slow service, cold food, Just Awful!

Good place to stop when on the road.
Plus they have Goldenberg Peanut Chews.

We are fans, but live in Southern California where there are no Cracker Barrel's so whenever we are in a state/place with one we stop.
We should have kept on driving...this location is the WORST one we've ever been to!
The service was horrible!
We understand it was Easter, but there was no wait, and there were open tables in our section.
The waitress only brought refills once, even though we saw her looking at our table while holding both tea pitchers.
The hash brown casserole was dry & CRUNCHY!!!
Gross!
I've never seen it that way, I told our waitress, and she looked annoyed, and reached for my plate.
I asked her if she couldn't bring a plate for just the casserole since I'm a sow eater and didn't want my party to wait on me for a new plate.
She walked away, and returned with an equally dry and crunchy serving of hash brown casserole that she said her manager said to bring.
I only give 3 stars because the gift store staff was awesome.

Is no stars an option?
Unfortunately, I made the mistake of bringing my out of town family here for a bon voyage breakfast.
I haven't had service this bad in years, not to mention half of our table was served their cold meals 15 minutes before the other half.
When we asked the waitress if we could have butter (with our un-buttered toast) we were answered with a scoff and a forced "sure.
" My poor grandmother took one bite of her eggs and the whole table could hear the crunch of the eggshells between her teeth.
This too was addressed with a passive response and nothing to be done about it.
It was quite interesting to "eat in shifts," since each person received their meals at different times.
I could go on with the continues wrong orders placed on the table and how we eventually had to learn to just except what we did not order, but, this experience was most definitely one for the books.
Wow!
I will never come to, or bring my family here again to suffer through the horrific attitudes of our waitress (to specify it was solely the waitress) and the cold crunchy meals we left on our plates.

I you like egg shells in your cool scrambled eggs, cold toast and no butter, a look of "I guess I'll get it for you",  a fruit dish with 5-6 small pieces of fruit for $2.60 and a waitress that has not been trained, then this Cracker Barrel is the one for you!!
When you informed the waitress(???
) about the eggs and shells the plate was taken and returned warmed up so now there was dried crunchy scrambled eggs.
I guess by warning egg shells that softens them.
AND TO ADD TO THIS....I GOT THE PRIVILEGE OF PAYING FULL PRICE!!!!
Oh the poor residents of Casa Grande that have to put up with this.
It used to be such a good enjoyable place to meet and eat.

