We were looking for a used truck to use for deliveries, Dave hooked us up with a white 2001 f150 and we've been completely satisfied with every interaction thru the financing to payoff Ideal Cars was.... the Ideal place to buy a vehicle!
I would highly recommend if your in the market for a used vehicle.

I was looking at a truck they had on the lot for a very good price.
My girlfriend had secured financing and we drove out to finalize the deal.
When I spoke to a gentleman there at the dealership a few days before, he first stated over the phone that we could word in the paper work that the deal is pending an inspection by a mechanic within 3 days of the initial sale.
Should the vehicle have any major mechanical issues then the sale would no longer be valid.
Well, when we got down there at about 445pm the same sales guy claims he never said that and once the sale is done, any problems are my problems.
I told him that in that case I need to take it to a mechanic before signing any paperwork.
Upon taking it to a mechanic the mechanic found two problems with the vehicle, 1) Rack and pinion was seeping.
The mechanic stated this was not a major issue as it was only about a $300 fix and at this point it was only seeping and not a full blown leak.
2)  The truck required a new A/C compressor.
This fix was close to $2000 dollars.
The mechanic actually let me look under the truck with him and showed me where the issues were.
Any mechanic that has a clue what they are doing would have seen this.
Where the first seepage was you could see complete saturation.
The leak was completely visible as you could see from under the hood or under the truck.
The mechanic stated that the fluid was a green color so any mechanic could simply turn on a black light and see the leak without any problems.
Either way, he stated that if it wasn't addressed soon the A/C would be blowing hot air within a month or so.
I took the findings back to the dealer and told him under those circumstances I could not purchase the vehicle unless they at least fixed the A/C compressor.
He actually stated that he was surprised they found anything because 'their mechanic' gave it a clean bill of health.
I told him that I, definitely not a mechanic, could show him the fluid in the engine compartment to show the leak... he declined.
I told him to call the individual that was handling the deal to see if there was anything we could do on price.
First he tells the other individual that I came back with a laundry list of problems on the truck (there were 2), to conclude the call they said to 'send us on our merry way'.
He stated that they'd need to replace the part and jack up the price of the truck to cover the expense.
If that's what they actually would have done that would have been the right thing.
Looking on their website they had the vehicle listed for the same price up until they listed it as sold.

So the one thing you worry about when buying a used car is "what is going to break on it next?
" The nice thing about buying from ideal cars is that they have their own mechanics to help fix any problems that might occur for a better rate than most.
Dale and his team at Ideal Cars have been awesome at fixing all the little knickknack's along the way.
I really appreciate it.
Thank you Dale.

