All you can eat menudo on sat and sun!
But beware of the ghost!
Manuel's is considered haunted from when it used to be a convenience store.... BOO!

I'm going to be short and to the point.
The service is REALLY Slow and sucks!
But the food is absolutely Top Notch, and worth the wait!
Ask to sit in the enclosed patio it's about 10 deg cooler than the rest of the restaurant.
If not for the slow service I would have given it 4****!

Really good food, best in Casa Grande in my opinion.
Apparently they are under new management as the service was very good.

Just O.K., not bad, so-so.

For Casa Grande this place is fantastic!
The food isn't overly oily and the salsa is fresh and not so hot you can't eat it.
This is the only Mexican place in town I like to eat.

They had a buffet when I came here for lunch.
Good selection - my favorite was the red chile beef.
There wasn't as much flavor as I was expecting, so I dock one star for that.
The waitstaff was very friendly and attentive, though the restaurant was far from full.
The best part was that the buffet includes guacamole - that can cost up to $3 on the East Coast!

We eat here every weekend - the food is authentic and great and the service great also.
Best Mexican in Casa Grande.

Eating at Manuel's makes me feel like a boa constructor that just swallowed a barbell.
I mean that in the nicest possible way.
Manuel's is comfortingly chintzy, with dollar store Spanish decor like plastic chili peppers mingling with paintings of bullfighters.
The three piece band is a nice touch and elevates Manuel's above other Mexican restaurants.
The guys did their very best to liven up musical clichés like "La Cucaracha" to the mostly older clientele.
The servers were all very friendly.
The food was freshly made and delish, and not greasy at all... not even the deep fried cherry burrito.
Get this dish with a side of deep fried ice cream, and you've got a meal sized dessert.
The downside?
I'll be laying on the floor, inert, for the next several days.

Had lunch their today and I agree with a previous reviewer, It was ok, not bad, so so.
I'll try another Mexican restaurant next time in Casa Grande.

We eat here once a week when we're in Casa Grande.
It's a family-operated business, and they aim to please.
The servers are friendly, but sometimes they don't have enough help.
The food is good, and should something not be prepared to your liking, they will make it right.
We like the cheese enchiladas and tacos.
The salsa is good - not too hot, spicy.
Iced tea is excellent.
It's not a fancy place, but you can't beat the friendly service, hometown atmosphere and decent food.
BTW, the fried ice cream is really terrific.

Undoubtedly the ghastliiest food experience we have ever endured.
My wife and I are very seasoned travelers, i am English and work on cruise ships across the globe, 50 weeks a year.
We are also food adventurers and eat in some the oddest places, especially in the Far East.
But this was utterly abysmal.
Chicken and beef fajitas that had past their sell by date at least 2 days prior - stale chips, guacamole the strangest shade of khaki and salsa which resembled something that had been meticulously scraped from the bottom of a parrot cage.
We paid begrudgingly only because the waitress was so attentive (mostly to distract us from what's as languishing on our plates).
The following day, today, I have even had a bad stomach.
My wife phoned the manager this afternoon, not looking for recompense or a free meal (god forbid) but merely to point out how poor the food was, and was curtly informed that it was our fault because we didn't complain enough at the time!
This is truly the Mexican Fawlty Towers and not quite so funny either.
If you are considering eating here, I would avoid this place like hemerrhoids.
By the way, avoid the churros like Ebola.
I was still chewing the wretched thing 15 minutes after leaving the restaurant.

Appalling service, revolting food and little wonder on the night we went there was no other person in the restaurant.
Interesting to note that my previous review of this odious establishment has been taken off!

Decent food - IF  you can Spanglish your way through ordering, and IF you actually get what you ordered.
Management is POOR... don't expect a refund if they mess up your to-go order.
COMPRENDE??

