Great place for a manicure and pedicure.
It's spotless, airy, and light -- a good place to spend a few hours on a Saturday afternoon.
There are about eight pedicure chairs, and they'll let you soak if they can't start your pedicure right away.
There are six or seven manicure stations, so it's easy to bring your friends and have a conversation.
Or if you're alone, there are plenty of recent magazines to keep you busy.
Prices are qutie reasonable -- $18 for a pedicure and about the same for a French manicure.
Tina did a great job on mine, and I'll go back again soon.
Drop-ins are welcome.

I really liked getting my pedicure here.
The venue was very nice and clean.
It was a much better pedicure than another I got at a "luxury" spa place for a lot more money.
I'll definitely come back here and bring my daughter with me next time.

So listen, this guy *does* blow on your toes.
But I don't have any open wounds, nor did he, so I am willing to let this slide because:  this was the best pedicure I've ever had in my life.
Let me tell you why:  the longest most wonderful lower leg/foot massage + hot stone treatment I've ever experienced, and I am not even kidding.
The polish itself looked great and I got a cute design too (they have SO many to choose from!
) and it was only $25 total for pedicure + design and this included the most-wonderful-massage-ever and the hot stone treatment (base price is $20, still great!).
I was not rushed out the door, but the massage was so long and so good that I wouldn't have minded if he had.
All I can say is wow.
I'm a forever customer.

Okay, Im seriously like not picky when it comes to this, i just want a good paint job and no dry skin left.
Seriously, I asked for french tips on my toes and OMG it was so hurendous looking i just asked for all over color, then she painted my toes, yes the SKIN on the side of my toes, looks like my 12 yr old niece could of done better for cheaper.
The lady that did my toes did not say a word to me the whole time and it took 15 mins.
I thought pedi's toke atleast .5 hrs?
I will never go here again!

despite the half decent reviews here for this salon's quality, what keeps the repeating customers coming is...
THE OWNER.
He IS VERY FUNNY, and i'm not saying this in the way that most Asian salon employees compliment you (and then talk smack), but he is truly not your typical salon owner.
Michael (the owner) is awesome and is there every day.
Now, on to the quality of work... eh.
It's ok.
Though I've never gotten anything besides a natural mani/pedi/Shellac here, I cannot comment on anything else.
Prices are kept to a low and this place definitely doesn't try to pull the wool over anyone's eyes for an extra buck.

For the price, it was a good pedicure and manicure.
Very nice woman and gentle with my sensitive feet.

I didnt know where to go as I am new to town.
Came here because the salon close to home was short-handed and couldn't do a fill for me even if I came back for a pedi.
I was greeted promptly here, and there was no wait.
The technician was great - friendly, knowledgeable and efficient.
I think I have found my nail salon!

Been coming here for a few months now and finally got a pedi and I am going to keep coming back.
Have not been disappointed once.
Love how they keep doing the set up in the place, makes me feel like I'm stepping into a new salon each time.

The regular spa pedicure was amazing.
What an awesome leg and foot massage.
I will definitelly go back!
Friendly staff.
And great brow waxing too.

