This place is really good, I'm from San Fransisco bay area and thought China town had the best now I have finally found Chinese the way that it should be.
Portions are large and the Chicken fried rice is the best, all the food is fresh and they are fast.
Servers are nice, and the decor is sparse, but the food is well worth it.

I am also from San Francisco and I have to disagree with theother SF Bay Area reviewer.
I've only eaten at Chen's twice and was disappointed both times.
The vegetables were overcooked and the dishes lacked flavor overall.
I do agree that the portions are a good size..

This is great Americanized Chinese food.
Definitely the BEST in the far east valley.
Every food item I have had from this restaurant has been great.
Chen's is fast, cheap and delicious!
Would recommend this to anyone looking for a good Chinese food place.

As most of the other reviewers have stated, Chen's has good food, sparse decor, big portions, and great prices.
I have come across a couple of decent "hole in the wall" Chinese places that are similar to this one, however Chen's is a bit more upper-scale than most in this category.
It's VERY clean, well-lit, and the staff members are friendly and unusually fluent in English (That's a fact not a slam of any kind, BTW).
The egg-drop soup is soup is the best that I've had anywhere, at any price!!!!
I put a few drops of soy sauce in it.... stir..... and WOW!!!!
The lunch specials are a great value and include an entrée, soup, a tiny salad, and an egg-roll.
Many of the dishes that I've had elsewhere are served here, with a dark sauce rather than a light sauce.
I find that I prefer that!
I LOVE this place!!

It used to be really good but not anymore.
Sorry guys!

For what they do, Chen's is very good.
Straight up American Chinese food with no pretense.
I've even done phone orders while reading off another American Chinese restaurant's menu.
If you're looking for a nice tub of fried rice or Chicken Teriyaki to nosh on with a few egg rolls then you have arrived.
Eating in is very enjoyable.
It's simple, clean, well-kept and usually has families in there which gives it a nice feel.
The staff is helpful and efficient.
We usually do take-out and usually on Friday evenings.
I don't care when you call and I don't care how much you order, it will be ten minutes.
Also, the guy on the phone will talk spectacularly fast.
Just say, "Order for pickup" then give your order next, then say thank you, hang up the phone and show up there ten minutes later.
I haven't had everything here but I've had several different things and they were all good.
Portions were on the larger side, which is EXACTLY what you want when you are a guy and suddenly hungry for Chinese food.
Keep up the great work, guys.

Nice little mom and pop.
Good price, good food.
I would say the food is better than average for Chinese in this part of town.
I will definitely be going back.
Lunch menu comes with soup and salad to start and an egg roll and cheese ragoon with the meal.
So if you are looking for "Panda" there is one across the street, but I prefer the mom and pop.

Like many have stated, Chen's serves Americanized Chinese food.
That isn't to suggest that it isn't good.
In fact, it quite good.
We were promptly seated and given menus.
The establishment is well kept and not too noisy.
Friendly service of the mom and pop shop gives the place a comfortable feel.
Appetizer soups came out only a minute after ordering, and by the time we finished our cups of soup, our HOT meals were on the table!
The pan fried noodles were a little on the salty side, but tasted really good.
The beef with snow peas was really good, especially after adding some chili sauce (which I asked for separately).
Portion sizes definitely worth the money, and it's relatively inexpensive anyways.
I would eat here over Panda Express any day!
Better taste, waiter service, quieter and the personal touch of the owners running their business.
Thank you!

Good.
But, make sure you ask for no MSG as you need to at any Chinese restaurant.
I didn't and now I'm feeling the effects.
Boo!
No leftovers for me.

Not bad... better than panda but not by much.
Their "fried" rice that comes with the lunch special is hardly fried.
Tastes like they poured soy sauce over white rice stirred it and called it good.
The bbq pork chow mein wasn't horrible.

Yummy and the dinner for 2 will feed at least 5 just add extra egg rolls.

Most everything is tasty, though if you like the fried stuff, the sesame chicken is their defining dish.
Coated in sesame seeds and a very wet honey, each bite draws you in... Until there is nothing left.
Dont expect much personality from the servers/cashier, unless you're in the "older" crowd.
The food is also done in about 10 minutes, regardless of time of day.

Love Chen's!
There food is very good, place is always packed with people.
Tonight we enjoyed Orange Chicken, Lo Mein,  Chicken, Fried Rice, and Crab Ragoon

Love Chen's super fast and tasty.
Haven't had anything bad here.
Perfect for those nights where you just don't want to cook and you're hungry now.

`Very good food!
i am originally from Chicago, so i have ate some very good Chinese food, this place has authentic Chinese food, Nice size portions, and no carrot's, or green peas in the fried rice, YES.
As with any eating out experience, the prices are fair to the market, for a family of 4, expect to spend 40 dollars or so, but worth it for a treat.

So decide to try this place on a whim and boy was it the biggest mistake of the day.
Walk in around  lunch time and  was greeted and seated right away.
My boyfriend ordered the orange chicken and I got the sweet and sour chicken.
The lunch specials come with the following egg drop soup / iceberg lettuce w/ ranch / an over cooked bland egg roll / cream cheese puff / brown white rice ( its supposed to be fried rice) and then the main dish.
Its a lot of food for $4.95 but its gross.
The orange chicken and sweet and sour chicken had so much breading that you really didn't know if it really  was chicken.
My daughter had to use the bathroom and it was dirty and we saw a roach on its back alive.
Also the lights are so dim in there that its hard to see.
Maybe they did that on purpose.
I would NEVER go back here again... Don't waste your money..... Panda's would have been a BETTER choice.
I left hungry and disappointed...

We place to go orders at Chens a few times a month and couldn't be happier.
Our food is ready in about 10 min from hanging up and always hot!
You can't beat a lunch special for $4.95 and it's huge!
This place is always packed.
Good food, reasonable price and if you want a dish done differently, all you have to do is ask ( nothing here is very spicy, but if you ask for it to be spicy, they are happy to add the heat, etc.

Solid choice for Chinese.
Service is always fast, friendly and efficient.
My go to place several times per week.

First time eating here today, food was great, service was very quick.
Lunch portions for price was great!

This place is a joke!!
ATE there once and got some ribs, i gave them to the dog because they tasted like dog bones!!!
Went back several months later with my girlfriend again!!
because she wanted to try it out and it was the same, horrible place, bad food!!!
don't bother going there!

If you like dog food, then go to this lousy place for food.

Fast.
Good food.
Awesome prices and even better lunch specials.

We ate here last night 1/15/13 for the first time because of the "good" reviews it got.
It was clean with prompt friendly service.....but the food was not Authentic Chinese; it was flavored to the taste of the retirement/snow bird communities that surround it.
We ordered: Hot & Sour soup which was quite good and spicy hot.
Szechwan Chicken (labeled as hot) It was a nice display, but the sauce was bland and lacked any hotness at all and was excessively salty(not normal in Chinese food)  Mongolian Beef (again labeled as hot) it also came as a nice display, with a tasty sauce, but again too salty and not a hint of spicy hot.
Sorry but large portions and moderate price don't make up for poorly prepares food.
I have been eating Authentic Chinese food for over 45 years including New York Chicago and San Francisco so I do bring some background to my rating.

American all the way

So I do like this place I really do.
The food is good but not great.
I am a big fan of the sweet and sour chicken.
The soups are a little bland but that's not the reason I eat CHINESE food anyway.
I would recommend this place as a decent cheap quick fix if you are craving Chinese food.

While the dining experience lacked substance and a more "updated" decor, I was pleasantly surprised by both the dishes we ordered to our table, as well as the appetizers (egg rolls and pot stickers).
Our waitress(s) were both very courteous, as well as polite.
Priced reasonably.
Seems to be family owned, and our servers were also eating lunch at another table.
Four stars all the way for the food, minus a star for the decor (and) the fact that they do not deliver to my house which is very close.
I'm from the SF Bay Area, so I know real chinese food and this comes pretty darn close to that level of an experience.

Bad place to eat, tastes like dog food, bland and no taste, I swear they use canned dog food or some garbage, this place I will never go to again!

My fiance and I love good Chinese takeout (especially if they're open late).
Being new to the area, we hopped on Yelp and decided to try Chen's... we were not disappointed.
Good portions, fresh, and great for leftovers.
Everything we've ordered has tasted great!

I am a lover of Chinese food, and am always on the prowl for a tasty new place that is close.
This place fit the bill nicely!
Started with the Egg Flower Soup: The flavor was good (it did require a little pepper) and I enjoyed that they added water chestnuts to the soup.
For the Entree I went with the Lemon Chicken: Battered then fried chicken over a bed of cabbage with sweet lemon sauce.
The sauce was perfect, YuM!
The entree did come with white rice as well.
The server was nice enough, and if you dine in there really isn't much to look at (couple tables & booths.
) I suggest just order take-out and eat the delicious food in the comfort of your home.

Be good to yourself and go to any other Chen's but this one.
I cant believe this location is truly a Chen's.
The other Chen's I go to serve great food with a smile but not here!

