This is my favorite Chinese place in the East Mesa are that is not a buffet.
The pork fried rice is fantastic and they advertise no MSG.

I love cheap Chinese food, however, New Golden China seems to take the "cheap" concept a bit too far...
The food is actually on par with some other truly cut-rate Chinese joints I have experienced in the past in the sense that there really isn't any quality or consistency to be had.
Menu options are extremely standard fast-food Chinese fare (orange chicken, mongolian beef, etc.).
But, the veggies aren't fresh, the soups taste like liquid filler and meat products used in their dishes are highly questionable at best (i.e.
beef doesn't look or taste like beef, chicken doesn't resemble chicken, etc.).
According to the hand-written stickers on the back of their menus, New Golden China now uses something called "chicken powder" in their food.
When I questioned the owners repeatedly about this, it was explained to me that it serves the same purpose as MSG, in that it mentally "enhances" the flavor of their extremely low quality food, while also acting as a filler, so smaller portions fill you up faster!
Well, I don't know how you get powder out of a chicken, but you are certain to get plenty of it when you eat here!
Though I don't have any real negative comments aside from hinting at the questionable cleanliness of the kitchen (and sometimes staff) or the unexplainable 60-minute wait for a single dish when you're the only one in the restaurant, I really can't find much positive to say, either.
Most people will find that it's very easy to spend too much here for what you get in return, especially if you are feeding more than just one or two people.
If you're really in the mood for cheap Chinese, there are several other places in the immediate area that offer much better quality food for just a little more money.

there lemon chiken is good.also the wor wonton soup is very good.
this place is not fancy but for the price its a good value.

Get the fried twisted rolls!!
Food is good, large portions!
$4.99 lunch combos.

Awesome food!
All i got to say.
They deliver and you also can eat in.
Friendly people also!
Portions are good size.

Did not want to give one star.
Horrible service, grouchy servers.....
Worst service ive ever had.
Do your family a favor.... Don't eat at golden china.....
Especially if your Hispanic

I love this place.
The staff is always very friendly.
I've even seen a couple people from the staff outside of the restaurant and they always say hi, because they recognize me from eating there.
The food is good, always made fresh and comes out fast.
They have fantastic lunch specials- super good prices and just the right sized portions.
And the best part is that they deliver!
There is almost nothing better than chinese food delivery.
They always deliver fast too and have never gotten anything wrong on my order.
It's not fine dining, but it is good, cheap, fast and friendly.

Ate takeout from here tonight.. Kung pow combo was lacking flavor, no spice at all.
Lo mien chicken was over cooked noodles with chewy chicken.
Chicken fried rice was edible, minus the chewy chicken.
Also ordered crab puffs, which were cold in the middle.
Walked in to order and brought the food home to eat.
Took over 30 minutes to receive our food.
They were not very busy inside either..
Overall, very disappointed in food and service..
It's really bad when you are thinking that Panda Express would have been a better choice for dinner.
Would not recommend and will not be returning.

Service is poor and the food is so-so.
It seems every time I call to order pickup the lady that answers is too busy.
She either rushes and interrupts me or just hands the phone to somone else without telling me.
When I show up to get my food she acts distracted and disinterested.
Often starting conversations with her coworkers before she's even done handing me my food.
The food is only so-so.
I like my Chinese food spicey but this place doesn't make it's spicey menu items with any bite at all.
The portions aren't bad for the price.

