One of the few gun stores in Casa Grande, and has lost my business.
Store is dimly lit and somewhat creepy (my wife refuses to go in anymore, looks more like a dingy thrift store than gun store).
But the real issue is that the owner has no interest in my business.
Called to find out about ordering a left handed rifle in 308 (their distributor had 12+ in stock, I checked), and his entire reply was "good luck".
Literally, he replied with "good luck".
I was so stunned I asked him again, and he replied "good luck, I don't know where you would find one".
Really?
Because your distributor says otherwise.
Good luck staying in business with that sort of attitude.

Like last review place is dim lot the stuff there is OBER PRICED and smells bad like a old basement the boxes of ammo are 5-20 more then other places depending what shops you are looking at its ok to go to of you have the extra money to waste guns are $100 over my gun store kiss in Maricopa well worth the drive to kiss tactical in Maricopa

This store no longer deserves my business I strongly encourage for others to boycott this supposed gun shop.
In which it falls under the category of a pathetic fucking joke, much like the owner of the store whom shows absolutely no interest in assisting the interest of it's customers who are responsible for keeping him in business, when I used to visit the shop no one was in there, and if there were anyone in there they would often just walk in and out buying nothing.
A couple of times I felt that he deserves to get his ass beaten that would be a literal waste of time he holds nothing over me, cannot wait to see his business get shut down I completely agree with the others reviews on here it's an uncomfortable atmosphere and the owner is a scum bag.
I've heard around that the guy is not only a racist, but a cheap skate as the prices of his items are too expensive and over priced, I know plenty of other FFL dealers who are much cheaper and more reasonable priced than him.
Hope by the grace of God his business gets shut down and his doors closed.
What goes around comes around if you mistreat, disrespect you're customers...you're business will collapse.
Being a Businessman myself, Remember this..  "You're Customers are always right..."

