My wife and I went to this place.
We went to drive thru it took over 5 min just to place an order.
When we got to the window the cashier looked like she just got a root canal and didn't want to be there.
She told us to pull up into a parking space.
We waited for 10 minutes for our food.
And to make things worse no forks or napkins in the bag.
I had to wait in line for 10 more min just to get them.
I've been to this place in the mornings and it's not near as bad.
Don't go to this place at night, if you do be prepared for lousy service.

Better than Taco Bell.
Just ate here with my dad, expected the sort of apocalyptic hell-hole described by other reviewers, didn't find it.
This is a good little restaurant.
Nothing to write home about, but definitely the sort of place to stop at if you like Taco Bell but want something a little better.
--Jacob

Sometimes when you're driving to or from Tucson, you must stop by the I-10 Del Harris aka Del Taco.
Unfortunately, this one takes the cake for "what the heck is going on here?
" I've been here a couple times, and every time I order something, they have me pull up to a parking spot and wait for Christmas before bringing the food out?!?
Excuse me?
This occurs even if I'm the only one in the drive through.
Del Taco, send some execs, and get this joint straightened out!
It gets 2 stars because Macho Fries soothes the soul.

I'm a fan of del taco chain, so I thought I would try this out and compare it to the other del tacos I've experience.
My first del taco experience was in Florida and they recently started opening chains there.
That means new clean stores.
This however is very old looking.
You can tell the seating and tables have seen its day.
I wasn't a fan of the condition of the store.
But as an avid yelped, I wanted to stick it out and review it later.
The moment I walked in I was warmly greeted by the cashier at the counter.
She gave me time to review the menu and suggested tacos and French fries.
I probably should have gotten the fries.
I got a number 1 which was three regular crunchy tacos and a quesadilla instead of fries.
I loved the tacos.
I included a picture and notice the orange oil that is a distinct look of Taco Bell taco is missing!
I found the tacos to be satisfying!
The quesadilla was just a thin tortilla and melted cheese and I wouldn't expect anything less.
The first bite was good but I think I was in the mood for fries.
I also tried the inferno sauce which I thought added more to my meal.
I will be back to try other items.

Thank goodness I didn't read the reviews before I stopped!
The floor IS filthy, but maybe because we are the only ones here, our food is hot and good.
The Quesadilla is the best Katie has had in a long time, my Epic Fajita Burrito lives up to its name, and came with a free soda!
Polite and tables clean.
Other than the nasty floor it's a great stopping place.

