I LOVE this place!
I've been a client for about 5 years and have never been disappointed.

I was quite impressed.
I have a place that I am a big fan of in North Phoenix but it is 45 minutes away.
I have been trying to find a similar nail salon in Chandler and I think I might have come very close!
The nail tech was quite artistic and showed me a couple things before she tried it on my nails.
She was talkative and quite pleasant.
I will ask for Tina again.
The facility was very clean.
The tech brought out sterile instruments.
I will be trying Nailspa agian.

Everyone here is great!
Tam and Danny really know what their doing with this place and the prices are more than fair.
Ladies, if you need a set of nails, Tony is your guy.
(sorry Danny, haven't tried you just yet)  Super fast and does an uh-maz-ing job!
For pedicures, all the girls are super nice and do a good job-but i would recommend Tam if you're making an appointment.
Clean facilities and great massage chairs for the pedi's.
Broad color selection and their great with designs on all nails too.
Now quit reading this and go get those nails did!

I was in today and was cut by the callous removal tool on my ankle during a pedicure.
It bled and stung and was not pretty.
I was compensated by a 10% discount.(?
) This is not how I would do business if I wanted to retain a brand new customer whom I just cut a chunk of skin off their ankle.
Ouch!
good thing i didnt have an event tonight and had to wear heels.
Horrible service!

Best place to get a pedicure - hands down!

I was in town for a business trip and found this nail salon by using my yelp app.
Glad I did because I had a terrific pedi and shellac manicure!

Dropped in last minute on saturday to get a gel mani & pedi.
Completely became a fan right off the bat.
Friendly staff and it was definitely warm and inviting!
I was fit in quickly and was able to get a super incredible gel manicure def one of the best!
Highly recommended!
The color selection is unlike any other place I've ever been.
You can actually show up with out a polish and know you will be able to find a shade you want.
The pedicure was just absolutely amazing!
Hands down!
Luv luv luv this cute and clean salon!
This place really pays attention to the fine details and the staff is super friendly and funny.
I had such a great time getting my nails done.
I'll definitely be back soon!

I went to this salon on Saturday 11/19/11 because of a positive review on yelp but don't think I'll go to them again.
The atmosphere was extremely subdued, the lighting was dim and the young lady I had was nice enough but you could tell she was not happy to be there, plus she made comments to that effect.
They did not have a lot of choices in regular polish, which were not organized.
90% of the gels were glittered which btw,has chipped already.
My pedicure, upon home inspection is poorly done with huge gaps and I'm not in love with the color...didn't have much to choose from.
P.S.
by monday 11/28/11 i managed to peel off all my gel polish.

Loved this place.
They do an excellent job and have the nicest girls!
I had a horrible experience with my 91 yr old mom just that morning, they wouldn't do her nails.
New to the area and didn't know where to go.
I drove around for an hour and new there was one in this area.
We were greeted so warm and friendly, they were excellent with my mom and took very good care of both of us.
We had Denise and Anna, love them!
Will drive the extra mile because of their warm and friendly attitudes, great Pedi and Gel manicure.

When I lived in Chandler over 3 years ago I was a regular at this nail salon and loved it but then I moved to Cali.
When I returned to AZ in October of 2011, I decided to go back to check them out... they have moved and are even better than before!
Nancy is awesome at eye lash extensions!!
I have been to many places between Cali and AZ and Nancy by far does a fabulous job!
Her technique is unique and she is a perfectionist!
Extensions can be pricey at first but well worth the investment!
The initial cost is approx $200 and I get refills every 2 weeks, i no longer use mascara or eyeliner ans less makeup in general because my eyelashes compensate for it.
I get compliments almost everyday on my lashes; the length, how naturally full they look and how beautiful my eye are.
Go see Nancy and let her work her magic!

I'm very hesitant when going to nail places.
From reading all of the scary stories of nail fungus and other horrible things happening because of not using proper sanitation, you can see why I'd be apprehensive.
I've had my fair share of bad experiences, especially since everyone cuts too much of my cuticles and I bleed every time.
My coworker goes here and recommended it to me.
I made an appointment for the Brown Sugar Pedicure $28 and the callous removal $5.
I asked for a more senior nail tech working that day and I got Twee.
She was so friendly and sweet, did a fantastic job (no bleeding, yay!
) and she took her time and was very detailed.
I am going to go back next month before my Hawaii trip and get my hands and toes done with shellac so it doesn't chip on my vacation.
The atmosphere is very calming and soothing.
There are no TVs on the walls, and the music is of a spa.
Love it!

Love this place!!!!
They are the most detail oriented nail salon I have been to.
Their flowers and designs are fantastic!
(see my photo) I also like that they have Zoya polish for those of us who are a little conscious of the chemicals in regular polish.
Foot massages are great and they take time to do both manicures and pedicures to your standards.
I've been coming here for over 3 years now and this is my #1 nail salon.

VERY HAPPY!
My sisters and I came in on Sunday for mani/pedis.
Everyone was nice and engaging the whole time.
I received a pedicure from Hugh, (sorry if I miss the spelling), he was fantastic!
The only issue I had was the same with all the nail salons I've gone to - its quiet....too quiet.
A stern look from the head librarian quiet.
Id prefer a little more client centered chatting IE the weather or the game or your boyfriend or whatever.

I came in today with my daughter, I had a gel manicure, and my daughter had a polish change.
Everyone was super friendly and we did not have to wait long.
My daughter's polish change was done first, I do not remember the technician's name, but she was very friendly and patient.
My daughter  is only 5 years old, so she doesn't necessarily sit still for long.
The polish cahnge was great, even with my daughter's tiny fingers, they were still painted neatly, and filed well.
My gel manicure was awesome.
I am super picky with my nails, and Stephanie did a great job.
It has been a long time since I've had such nice work done.
The gel was applied neatly, none of it got stuck to my skin.
It is nice and smoothe like it's supposed to be, no ripples or bubbles.
They are perfect... And my cuticles were clipped and pushed well, no bleeding or soreness!
I will be back, I'm so happy I found this place.

This place was absolutly to die for.
Best gel manicure and classic pedicure I've ever had.
Being a nail finatic I would most definitely recommend this place.
You can understand them and they don't nickle and dime you.
John did my nails and he will always be doing mine.
I will be a regular from now on.

i've been coming here to mainly get my eyebrows done now for about 2 years.
i love this place.
it's extremely clean, the staff is super friendly, and i can almost always just walk in and  get my eyebrows done without an appointment.
it does get rather busy saturday/sunday so make sure you call prior to going over to see if they have any open slots.

I have had some of the best manicures and pedicures I've ever had here, they're great.
Clean, professional, and good quality products.
I drive almost an hour to come here every time, and I won't go anywhere else.

UPDATE:  They ROYALLY screwed up my nail beds.
She filed SO much, there were deep red ridges in my nail beds and it really hurt.
I knew what that meant, so I tested her and asked what those red lines were, and she told me it was just my nail regrowth and it's totally normal.
I can't believe she's telling clients this who don't really know.
I'm now seeing someone else (Stacey at Just for You at McClintock and Warner) who has now been doing my nails for 8 months and my nails are healthy again.
I contacted NailSpa Expose on Facebook (even included pictures of the damages) and the only thing they could offer me was a nail strengthening polish and a discount on my next service.
You REALLY think I'll be back for another service after my nail beds have been royally f*cked up?
I will NEVER recommend this place.
PLEASE research and know about who's doing your nails.
If they have a current license, how long they've been doing nails, etc.

Welp my Yelp people, my excitement was short living.
My gel manicure lasted 3 days....... 3.... i mean really.
I had chips all over and it was a 30 minute drive to get it fixed.... not worth it...
I will not be going back.
If Im going to make that distance I would rather wait for JJ at Pink Polish.

Best place ever,very well sanitize,alway up to the newest trend,staff are really professional,most staff have over 10 years experiment.

Went there 12/30/11 very disappointed with service.
I had, yes I said HAD gel nails and ended up with acrylics!!
The first girl that I sat down with couldn't figure out how to do my pink and white gel nails.
The wanted to polish on the gel and I kept telling her that it was the gel in the small jars.
She ended up passing me off to a guy who put acrylics on my nails.
I won't be going back EVER!!
What a joke!

I came in 15 min before close for a gel full with regular polish.
My nail tech did an amazing job!!
He did not rush even though they were closing soon.
He turned my ugly square nails into beautiful round shape.
I usually go with gel but we will see how long the regular polish lasts.
I would definitely recommend this place .

Love love love this place.
Tried it out for the first time today and it was awesome.
Stephanie does fantastic design work.
They definitely earned a customer !!
Will never go anywhere else.

The first time I came in, it was about a half hour before closing on NEW YEARS EVE.
I never felt rushed and she still made sure my nails were perfect, she even took the time to go back and completely re-do one of my nails!
Every time I've gone back my nails are always so perfect, and I'm SUPER picky about my nails.
I get acrylics because I bite my nails and they are never too thick or thin, or bumpy, and they have so many gel colors to choose from!
This is my go to nail salon as long as I live in PHX!

I tried this salon for the first time today, and wow!
As far as what I look for in a salon: 1.
) English is spoken, no other language, so everyone knows what everyone is saying.
) Decor is well planned and very girly, which I love!
Pink, white & chandeliers!
) Massage chairs are new and they all work.
) All of the things they use are sanitized.
When other women came in to get pedicures, they line it with a plastic bag!
Awesome   I will be back.
Today I only got a pedicure, nothing else this time.
ALSO, there is a discount for cash!

Round and short!
It is not that complicated.
I was unfortunately very disappointed.
They tried to get me in and out in 10 minutes, like really ?
They tried to just and file my nails and not cut them.
After she was done and asked if I liked.
I asked if she was going to shorten my nails and she started clipping them with a cuticle cutter.
Basically I would never come back and would not recommend anyone to go here.

Went in to get a fill, was set up with Vivian.
Told her my ideas of a design I wanted and she told me how she would do it.
I ended up picking a different color than she suggested and we began.
When it came time to do the design, turns out my pick was not a good choice.
She told me to let her try her idea and I LOVED it.
Everything I wanted and then some.
Definitely should've trusted her in the first place, she is the professional after all.
Moral of the story, Vivian is awesome and I'd recommend her to everyone!

