The Real Million Dollar Baby is My ZOEY!
She had another allergic reaction, I suspect it was from the Mobile Grooming Pet Salon's Products used on her.
(see previous review)  She started out with a few hive bumps and it quickly turned into swelling and bumps all over her face and body (see pics)  You can see from the pics it was pretty bad but nothing compared to what she looked like on the way to the ER.
Her eye was completely swollen shut as if she'd just went toe to toe with Rocky Balboa it was so SAD!
Of course being the worrying mother I was afraid she was going to stop breathing, so I'm yelling at my husband to drive faster, he was going 110mph!
First Regional is the nearest 24hour emergency pet clinic to my house.
Super Sweet and Caring Staff!
They took her in immediately and gave her some injections of steroids and benadryl while we waited.
There was 5 people ahead of me this time so the wait to see the doctor was a little longer, but at least they got the medicines working right away.
Zoey is doing better today nearly all the swelling and hives have gone away!......till next time!

First Regional would not be my first choice for emergency or regular animal care.
They're not entirely horrible, but I've experienced so much better at other offices.
The front desk staff seem to hate their jobs while the vet techs and the vets are reasonably friendly.
If you're in for an appointment, they tend to run considerably behind schedule.
On the up side, they have a nice saltwater tank you can stare at during your long waits.
I was rather put off when I took an ill cat in for an appointment and the vet's first suggestion was to put her down.
No bloodwork, no exam, just a few broad symptoms, and she's already hopping on the express train to Euthenasiatown.
Her explanation was that it could end up being expensive to treat the cat.
(It ended up under $200, and said kitty is now very happily living with me.
OH GOD SO EXPENSIVE, WHY DID I LET YOU LIVE?
) That one left me rather aghast.
And part of the treatment was a product their office just so happened to sell.
Turned out I could have bought it at Petsmart for considerably less money.
It's also worth noting First Regional has a _very_ limited capacity for "exotics" (which is, in their definition, anything that's not a cat or dog).
If you need emergency care in the East Valley, it's pretty much VCA ARECA or bust for animals like ferrets and birds.
First Regional will not see ferrets at all, and other critters are a crapshoot.

I have lived in the east valley since 1980.
I have had a few dogs and a few vets.
First Regional is the best.
Dr. Joyner who treats Brandy has been honest and caring.
Brandy has a lot of medical problems and is my best friend.
Heart, thyroid, kidney and now doggy dementia.
He has been right on with all of her problems and treatments.
Brandy turned 18 last December and is still with me.
Dr. Joyner makes sure I understand what is going on with her and how treat her symptoms.
Knowing what I know now I know my other dogs were miss diagnosed and were put down before their time.
Thank you Dr. Joyner, you are awesome!

I have been taking my cat Jarvis to this emergency hospital for every emergency visit he has had.
The first one was a bleach poisoning, he had gotten into some clothes my sister had soaking in her bathroom.
I was in hysterics when I got him to the ER.
He had thrown up a little in the car ride over, and was okay otherwise.
I explained I was really low on money, and the managed to check him over and decided he could be seen as a non emergency to help me out.
The whole visit cost 75.00 including medications.
Reasonably priced.
The second visit he had broken a tone nail.
They price was about 180.00, by the time we where done but the doctors where really nice, and answered all of my questions, ( I HAD ALOT LOL ) and he was fine after coming home.
They trimmed the nail up, got him some pain medications, and antibiotics.
The nail had been broken for about two days and I had been trying to treat it at home - which was not working.
He likes to ruffhouse with the other cat and kept splitting the nail worse.
:(  They where awesome and I would recommend them to anyone!
They also have a regular vet on site.

I hope you'll never find yourself in a situation which would require the services of an animal hospital, but if so, let me highly recommend First Regional.
Two weeks ago, we suddenly and unexpectedly lost our special little boy Roman.
It was quite devastating to lose such a happy and loving dog who had been part of our family for the last six years.
Grief aside, my wife and I wanted to schedule an autopsy in order to find out what happened.
We found out the body needed to be chilled in order to have one performed.
We were recommended to FRAH, who provided us this service for FREE.
As we walked in the side door with our Roman, who was wrapped in a baby blue blanket, we were offered a private room so we could grieve in private.
I'm sure it made the others in the waiting room more comfortable as well.
The staff here is very compassionate.
Contrived empathy is pretty transparent, so I know the people who spoke with us that night related with our heartbreak.
We received several hugs from staff members, and words of encouragement.
Our pup was treated with the utmost respect, and when we picked him up, they had laid him in an unassuming sealed white cardboard coffin.
And two weeks later, a memorial paw print was delivered to our residence.
It will serve as a reminder of the kindness we were shown at FRAH.

So I had to take my pug here last night cause he decided to eat chocolate, the first front desk lady that helped me was super nice.
Vet tech and vet were awesome and very helpful.
They explained to me how to give him the charcoal when I got home for the rest of his treatment.
My Issue with this place was the lady that was helping me check out when I was trying to leave.
She was condescending and rude... she was all 'well maybe you shouldnt let your dog get into chocolate then you wouldnt have to bring him here" UMMM no shit lady, yes it was my plan in life to give my dog chocolate so we had to take him to the emergency room at 1130...
I really wanted to spend 300$ on my dog!
Ahhh!
Other than that one front desk girl that seems to hate her life they were awesome here.

I had to call here today cause I had a question about my pug... he's been a little sick poor guy.
Anyways the lady promptly got me a vet tech on the phone.
She was very helpful.
She didn't tell me to rush my dog in like some places would do.
She gave me a lot of tips and signs on when I would need to actually bring him into the vet.
Thanks for the comfort and help guys!

Last week we had to make the difficult decision to euthanize our 13 year old cat Big Tige who suffered from advanced CRF.
We made an appointment with our regular vet for the next morning, however due to worsening of his condition had to take him to First Regional late the night before.
We had never been to First Regional, we called ahead and as soon as we walked through the door 2 of the technicians immediately came up to us to assist us, one of them took Big Tige to the back to set a catheter and let us know she would bring him back to spend time with us before it was time.
The other technician took us to a private room, asked us if we wanted to stay with him throughout the process and started gathering our information so we would not have to do it afterwards.
After they brought Big Tige to us, they gave us as much time as we needed, checking in every once in a while to make sure we were doing okay.
When we were ready the vet entered, walked us through the process, talked to Big Tige and pet him until he was gone.
She was very sympathetic and gentle as she took him away.
The entire staff was great throughout the process and sent a sympathy card a few days later, even though we were not regular clients.
The card included an ink print of Big Tige's paw.
The 4 stars is just due to the price, it was twice as much as it would have cost if we made it to our appointment the next day, however at the time the price didn't make a difference.

I had to go in here for an emergency visit on a saturday.
I am an extreme over- worrying freak when it comes to my little guy...and they made me feel so much better.
They gave me options...told me the worst case scenerio...but also didnt make me feel like it was life or death like some vets  in the past have done....Dr. blom was so helpful, honest, and she always  made me feel like she actually cared about my pets health.
I left that day very happy with the entire team.
I came back the next day for more x-rays and the machine was down...several people appologized..they still did a free quick exam to check vitals and gave me an option to go to their sister location.
Dr. blom and i decided that the situation was under control enough that i could keep an eye on him and come in the next day for x-rays (if i felt it was for the best.
) i did end up coming in the next day...got the xrays ...(.that were explained to me and compared to the previous ones) ....I came in worrying like crazy...and left feeling like everything was under control.
They let me know exactly what to look out for..how to continue to care for my little guy..and offered to call me later that night with more extensive analysis from the x-rays once the readings came in....Dr. blom called me herself ..went over the x-rays..and again assured me that what was going on was most likely normal ..and not to worry unless specific things changed.
:) the office also called several times to check up on everything.
I have taken animals in the past to different er vets ..and it was..horrible..this place went above and beyond ....I was extremely impressed.

Our German Shepard got a hemotoma in his ear.
It's basically blood filling his ear flap.
We took him here because it's the closest vet to our home.
As far as the visit itself, it was average.
The only treatment they did was to drain the blood with a needle.
No big deal, figured ok, issue resolved, keep pressure on it and it will eventually heal.
WRONG!
After doing some research online and calling other vets, what they did was basically pointless, the ear is filling back up with blood and the issue will have to be fixed with surgery in order to resolve it permanently.
Guess what this POINTLESS treatment cost...$400!!!!
The exam itself was $75 and a flippin' bandage was $53!!
We are FURIOUS!!
Not only did they do nothing to solve the issue, they completely took advantage of us in our worry for our dog.
We have called for quotes for the actual surgery that will resolve the hemotoma to several other vets in the area and the surgery will actually be less expensive than what these ridiculous people charged us for doing jack-sh!t.
Oh!
And when we called them to tell them the hematoma came back they wanted to charge us $40 for the follow-up.
If you have any concern for finances, DO NOT GO HERE!

I have been a client at First Regional Animal Hospital for 13 years and counting and have received nothing but the most stellar care from well-informed doctors and technicians.
First Regional is top-notch when it comes to both regular day-to-day care and emergency care.
I have also grown to adore the front office staff who has "seen it all" and can handle any situation, including the most difficult, to which I was most grateful.
I first sought out First Regional when I moved to AZ in 2000, mainly for well-exams for my two cats.
We saw Dr. Joyner for years who is always up to date on the latest treatments and I have been especially impressed with his knowledge of more homeopathic remedies.
Dr. Joyner takes a "less-is-more" approach except when he is certain that additional tests are needed or has information that leads him to believe that more tests/treatments are necessary.
That brings our journey to internal medicine, where I believe I have seen the number one specialist in veterinary medicine.
Dr. Babyak is "second to no one" in her knowledge in treating complex diseases and her bedside manner with both my "babies" and this baby (me!
) is amazing.
It was so nice to know that an expert in complex treatment was right there and that Dr. Joyner could consult with her and pass me over to her when the time was right.
I must say I have had some pretty stressful times as my two cats aged and were terminally ill.
It's scary and sad and I wanted to make certain that I did the right thing but not put them through  too much for too long for my own benefit.
Dr. Babyak and Dr. Joyner both were caring advisers, assuring that I understood exactly what was necessary or maybe when it was becoming too much but still leaving the decision to say goodbye with me.
The techs......AMAZING!
I have met so many as the visits became frequent at the end.
Elana, Dr. Babyak's lead tech is unbelievably good at what she does and is so knowledgeable.
She has worked with Dr. Babyak for so long she is almost like an extended limb which is so comforting.
Dr. Joyner's techs are equally good and have also been with First Regional for as long as I can remember.
Ultimately I ended up putting both of my babies down in late '08 at the age of 14.
Dr. Babyak was right there with me and the staff was so gracious knowing how incredibly hard that was for me (I was a basket case).
They sent me a card after the passing of each of my boys and all signed it with a note to me that I still have on my desk today.
They also sent along two little cards that they put together for me with their paw prints.....so special.
Recently (2010) I adopted two elderly cats from Friends For Life  with the purpose of giving two older and less adoptable cats the "best rest of their life possible".
They ultimately have both developed illnesses....diabetes and a pretty major lymphatic gastritis.
Dr. Joyner continues to treat my diabetic cat and Dr. Babyak is now treating the other.
What I do know is that I could not provide them the "best rest of their life" with any other vet than First Regional.
I say this from my heart.
They are hands-down the absolute best choice in veterinary care......without question!

Great place.
Easy to find.
Sometime you may be need wait more than an hour, but helpful staff.

We have been taking our cats to First Regional since February 2004 when we needed emergency care for a very sick cat.
They saved her life.
We found a gem and have been taking our cats here for regular vet care since then.
The vets and the techs and the front office staff are all very knowledgeable and extremely caring.
All of the cats loved going to the vet and seeing their friends there!
As our cats aged,  the geriatric care we received from Dr. Babyak was stellar.
She helped our cats live longer and happier lives both with her medical care and great at-home care advice for us.
As we had to say goodbye to each of our 4 beloved cats, all of the staff helped us through the hard times.
We recently took our new cat in because she was spraying on a curtain.
We thought it was a behavioral problem, but Dr.
Flood quickly diagnosed it as a urinary tract infection.
When we took her back for a follow-up visit, Dr.
Flood detected crystals in her urine and recommended a diet change.
Now our new baby is both healthy and very happy.
This is a great place; it's not often that one finds a vet clinic where everyone cares about your pets as much as you do.

Took my beloved Golden Retriever in late on a Sunday night, something just wasn't right.
Diagnosed a collapsed lung.
After three nights in the hospital and surgery to remove one of her lung lobes, I picked my dog up on Wednesday with that exuberant greeting.
What can I say, they saved her life.

So, my little boot-boot, had been acting lethargic and later we found blood in her urine.
Called her regular vet but they weren't open on a Thursday, go figure.
In their VM msg they mentioned to contact 1st Pet in the case of an emergency.
From initial contact to the time that we walked out, the staff at 1st Pet was very friendly and Jennifer, our vet for the day, was genuinely thoughtful about our visit.
Nonetheless, the minute we walked in the office, both my Chi and I started shaking.
She's shaking cause she was a nervous wreck and I was shaking cause my wallet suddenly felt light!
Man o' man, are they "expenthieves.
"  But wherever they broke the bank, they made up for in smiles.
My, booty-boot, ended up having a UTI and $168 later, she started feeling much better.
So, here's the breakdown of our expensive visit:  Exam: $60 UTI test: $72 Meds: $36  The cost of a pain-free bladder: priceless!

I unfortunately needed to bring my dog to the EAC yesterday morning.
She was having labored breathing.
They were able to take her in right away which I appreciated very much.
The young lady at the front desk was kind and updated me periodically.
Dr. Tessarov, however, really needs to work on his bedside manner.
He was initially concerned about congestive heart failure but also thought noncardiogenic pulmonary edema could be the cause for her distress.
He advised hospitalizing her and keeping her on oxygen which was going to be very expensive.
I fully understood the severity of her condition but wanted to speak to my veterinarian first and when I told him that I was going to take my dog with me he looked at me point blank and said if you do nothing your dog will die.
I work in the veterinary field and was angered by just how rude and insensitive he was.
I didn't appreciate being made to feel as though I was a terrible person for making the decision I did.
That being said, my veterinarian was kind enough to meet me on Easter Sunday and we made a treatment plan for my girl.
She IS still alive and we have an appointment today with a cardiologist.
I really hope I don't have to make another trip to the EAC anytime soon but if I do I will certainly look for any other place but this one.

First of all I hope that nobody needs to see an emergency vet.
We had a brand new puppy, he wasn't feeling well and we took him in.
They were straight forward with us, explained what the treatment options were and the costs and risks associated with all of them.
We decided to hospitalize him and go for the full treatment as we had just lost a family dog and couldn't risk any additional heartbreak.
1st pet was fantastic, they updated us regularly, patiently answered our many questions and took care of our pup as if he were theirs.
Trust them to help you in a very scary time, it worked for us!

Three and a half hours and nearly $500 later, I brought my puppy home in worse shape than when I had taken her in.
They had put her "in the back" in a kennel and either allowed her or didn't care to notice her pawing at the kennel door to the point that she mangled her dew claw.
So after bringing her in to be treated for a seizure and vomiting, we left with no better understanding of or treatment for those issues, with the added bonus of a huge cast-looking bandage job covering her whole front paw and half the leg.
Really?
I had to pay close to $500 for her to sustain an injury under their care and to receive absolutely no resolution of the issues we went in for?
Yep.
Thanks for nothing.

