Outback is always a great place to be!
Enjoy the atmosphere and the fantastic steaks while sipping your favorite cocktail.
The wait staff is very polite and helpful.
I haven't much to say on the bad side of this place.
We walked in, were seated and we were able to cuddle quietly in our booth for nearly an hour and a half.
Over all a great experience!

Another restaurant that I can't figure out why people flock to it.
The food is downright bad.
My husband loves steak and gets sick if this restaurant is mentioned.
The sweet potatoe must have been cooked and then frozen and then thawed... it was so runny and icky.
How do you mess up a sweet potatoe?

I've been to this particular Outback twice in the past week due to Scottish family in town who are OBSESSED with this place  They're Scottish, who knows....  Well, at first I was skeptical.
But I thought the food was suprisingly tasty!
The second time, I'M IN LOVE!
I LOVE OUTBACK  Sweet chain steakhouse, how I love thee.
I swear their stupid horseradish crusted filet was just as good as the damned Flemings/RuthsChris/Mortons filets.
I was impressed.
Damn good green beans too.
I love.

Nice enough.
ShockTop served with orange, check.
Friendly servers, check.
Steak prepared to the proper doneness, check.
Sports on the tele, check.
If that's all you look for in a chain steak restaurant, you might as well quit reading and just go.
Still here?
Oh.
The cuts of meat aren't what I'd call great.
Fries should not, I repeat, should NOT, be affected by gravity when you hold one end.
Also, what happened to the fine art of presentation?
I noticed this at Olive Garden as well.
Can we make a bit more effort than placing a steak perfectly in the middle of a round white plate and sending it out?
How 'bout a little garnish or something?
No pride these days, I tells ya.

I've always loved the outback and this one is my favorite location I always do curbside never go inside and our order has been wrong a couple times well over a year ago but they gave us a GC for there error and the next meal was on us.
We go there often enough to be regulars.

I've never been a big fan of outback, but it's one of my husbands favorites.
Usually they're not bad and I do love the bloomin' onions.
This particular location is just horrible though.
The steak is always fatty and almost inedible.
Their chicken is way too spicy (usually very nicely flavored at other locations) and the bloomin' onions seems smaller than usual.
We went a couple nights ago simply because we were shopping in the area.
They actually served us Clam Chowder that was so thick I was able to push it into a little hill in the middle of my bowl and stick my fork in it ( I was bored!
lol) pretty disgusting.
I also had to cut apart the potatoes they put in it because they were each about a quarter of a potato.
I just can't believe they let something like that out of the kitchen!
The only good thing about this location was our waitress, Betsy, she was very nice, helpful and kept our drinks full.
If you're going to go to outback, avoid this location.
There are 2 that aren't that far from this one.

We went for dinner and during happy hour, which is everyday.
They started us with a piece of bread and butter, which was ok.
The bread could've been warmer.
I had the 6 oz steak and shrimp with veggies and mashed potatoes.
The steak was cooked as I ordered it and the spices were just right with a hint of chile.
The mashed potatoes were also flavorful but not garlicky as described on the menu.
There veggies included broccoli, carrots and squash and I got 3 shrimp which were also a little spicy and good, but a bit hard.
The grill flavors were awesome and I think that's I liked the meal.
Hubby got the fish with crab stuffing which was delicious and had a butter melt with like mushroom topping and veggies.
Kids got the grilled chicken with Fries, and the chicken was really flavorful.
Only downer is that they offer only one side with some of the meals and no salad or soup is included.
On our trip we did try a wedge salad which was okay for size but never had this wedge type salad before and we tried the house soup with was creamy potatoe which was also flavorful with a few chunks of potatoe.
The mixed drinks were really good but weren't told one of them wasn't in the happy hour special-now we know!
The waitress was nice and came over to our table enough and also thanked us for dining with them, very nice.

I would not even normally write a review for a place like this; you get what you expect normally when going to a chain like this.
I went their recently however and pretty much everything was bad.
The food was so heavy and greasy, the service was terrible, and the waitress was really rude.
On their menu, they have a "Filet Focaccia Sandwich" which is labeled with an asterisk indicating that it is cooked to order with the standard "Undercooked meat could kill you" warning.
I tried to order it medium, and the lady looked at me like I was an idiot, and told me that "It comes how it comes, you don't get to choose".
I don't know if the menu is just wrong or what (I ended up opting for a different dish), but her response was ridiculous.
Even if you like outback, I would certainly not recommend this location...

I'm sorry to say this Outback has gone downhill in the last couple of months, or it was an off night for the chef.
While the decor and service are always stellar, the food wasn't.
We are used to perfection here - we've been going to this Outback every month or two for almost two years, and this was our first disappointing experience.
Tonight, our coconut shrimp were overdone - I've never seen the coating so dark brown.
My Outback Special steak was doused in pepper and so peppery-hot I could hardly eat it.
This is the exact same Outback Special I order every time, and all four of us at the table had the same experience.
My steak had a section of fat and gristle that I've never seen before in an Outback steak.
Everyone else in our party ordered garlic mashed potatoes, and they all reported there was something "off" about them - they were so ordinary, nobody wanted to finish them or take them home.
We were served one small loaf of bread, finished it quickly, and weren't offered anymore.
It's sad, but we won't be visiting this location again.

Outback is Outback.
I like the pork medallions here but don't get there too late or else they run out.
The wait staff here is quite nice.
*serves coke products

We stopped at this place on our way to the theatre on a Saturday during dinner hours, the place was hopping and I thought we won't make it on time to our play.
Needless to say, I was wrong, the waiter took our order and it only took a whole 7min.
and that's with our drinks.
BTW if you like mix drinks try the jumbo frozen Mango Margarita delicious!.
In addition, I ordered the 3-course steak dinner that came along with the Cinnamon Apple Beignets dessert, and my partner ordered the Steak Paired With Chicken, Shrimp or Crab both diners were delicious for $11.99 each.
Needless to say, we will be back to try other dishes on their menu, excellent choice for lunch or dinner.

Great place AWESOME service!
Steak was great, blooming onion was delicious, and cheesscake was to die for.
GO OUTBACK!

Porterhouse steak.
Quite good!

I know it is easy to rank on chain restaurants and it is true most Mom & Pop places can beat them with one hand tied behind their backs but they aren't all horrible.
I used to think Outback was OK. Of course as far as steakhouses go they are no where near the top of the list, I don't even think they know where the list is or that it even exists.
It is cheap, for a steakhouse, and the food was good but this last time I went I was really let down.
I know it's the hip new thing is to have smaller square plates but when your smaller plate still looks half empty it is not a good thing.
Dress it up a little.
Put something else on there beside the steak and potato.
It looked a little pathetic.
Then we come to the steak itself.
It was cooked just the way I want it but it was tough.
I felt like when I was a little kid and tried to eat steak and spent 5 minutes chewing one piece.
It was very disappointing.
Now the service was great.
The waiter was really good.
Easy going.
Friendly.
Making little jokes.
The place was clean and looked good.
Everything was served in a timely manner.
Now some places can't even get any of that right but when the biggest factor, the food, falls short.
When you are expecting one thing and are so let down it is just disappointing.
Will I ever be back?
Who knows.
Never say never.
They do serve Coke Zero which I would normally give an extra point for but I have beer with my steak because the last time I checked I'm a man.

We've been to this Outback Steakhouse location at least 10 times and always received wonderful service and good food for a chain.
The service is still great, but the food quality has seriously deteriorated.
I don't know if they are using a different supplier, but the filet was very poor quality on our visit tonight.
It had little flavor (odd for Outback), was fatty, and had a sirloin texture, as opposed to a buttery, melt in your mouth filet texture.
It's alright to try and cut costs, but for a "steakhouse", the steak is not the place to cut quality.

I enjoy sitting eating at the bar at Outback.
I've been their several times and Brady and Jamie the bartenders are always easy and fun to talk to.
When you sit at the bar they give you a little tray made for the bar that allows you to reach the food easier then if it were placed on the counter.
The service is fast enough and Brady and Jamie are constantly taking care of their customers at the bar as well as the staff that needs drinks for the tables.
The food is very good especially for the price.
I usually get one of the fish items and my husband gets a steak - of course.
I think they need a little help with their presentation though.
My salmon and shrimp tasted yummy and my husband's steak was good though a little tough which surprised him.
His steak plate, however,  looked more empty than full which is not really a good thing.

This is one of my go-to's for good tasty gluten free food.
Very simple review and to be summed up with the rating.
The service was fantastic!!!!
Our server was awesome.
He was tentative and personable.
My wife and I sat immediately, and as soon as we sat the waiter was there to take our order.
I have been to Outback during peak and off peak times as usual I wait to complete my review until after a few visits.
And Outback delivered.
Both times the food was quick to come out and tasted great.
I will typically order the sirloin or sirloin with shrimp, if I am feeling randy.
hahaha.
But both times they knocked it out the park.
The Sangria is PRETTY DAMN tasty!!

My last experience at a different location of Outback was not the greatest but I decided I would give this location a shot while in the area a few days ago.
This location has a much more modern vibe and seems to have gotten an Outback upgrade in comparison to some of the other nearby locations.
The restaurant was busy but we were seated right away.
Our waitress was great and had a good sense of humor which is always an added benefit.
I ordered my usual, a 6oz sirloin cooked medium with diablo sauce and green beans.
The steak was cooked nicely and it was not the best cut of meat I have ever had but it was not bad.
The green beans are always amazing.
My fiancé had ribs and he thought they were delicious.
I also ordered blue moon with a shot of peach schnapps and my beer was nice and cold and on happy hour so I was happy.
Overall good experience.
I would probably chose this location over the nearby location on Chandler Blvd.
When I am craving a moderately priced steak I might be back.

Love this place a lot and utilize their Curbside Takeout service, as it is fast and friendly, plus being on the way home from work, wee can pick it up and enjoy a nice meal at home and not have to face dinner crowds and waits.
Their service has always been really good and reliable and their staff members are always friendly.
We've never had a bad meal from this restaurant either.
It's always been delicious and still piping hot when we take it home.
I recommend this location because they are fantastic and provide excellent service.

Pretty good steak house.
Our waiter was friendly and joked around with us.
Food was good and came out quick.
Dig this place!

I ordered a 10oz ribeye cooked medium and it was nearly raw.
The rest of the meal and salad was OK but nothing to write home about.
We were given a gift card to try out the restaurant and when the receipt was returned it was the incorrect amount on the remainder excluding the tip.
Had to resolve using a manager.
Friends of ours returned to use their card remainder and were told it had a lower balance incorrectly.
Get a receipt if you plan on returning.

Have you ever had a favorite dish at a certain place and find yourself going back again and again just for that item?
Me too.
Unfortunately, I don't have to worry about that here.
Since I did my first Outback store opening on Rapid City, SD, over 15 years ago, nothin could beat a Bloomin Onion followed by my favorite cut of meat; ribeye.
I have rarely strayed.
After work today I was craving some dead animal so much I could already taste it.
Outback is closer that Texas Roadhouse and the nicer steakhouses in the area weren't really fit for my golf shorts and flip flops.
My girlfriend and I were seated in a booth for six.
Lol.
Hey, at least it was roomy, and I can eat!
Was tempted to try something different but wanted to enjoy my dinner and if I tried something new (sometimes I do) and didn't like it I would leave unsatisfied and pissy.
I ordered the Bloomin Onion and the 14oz Ribeye with salad and garlic mashed potatoes.
She ordered the Shrimp on the Barbie and a Cobb Salad.
The Onion was good as usual.
Although its not rocket science to drop a vegetable in grease for a few minutes.
We'll give them a thumbs up anyway.
Remember I'm pretty big on customer service so little things like beverage refills and butter with the bread doesn't rank up there with ingenious thought concepts like the invention of the wheel or flight.
The guy who fills our soda machines at work was out sick today so we were out of a lot.
Maybe he's in charge of this Outback's butter and soda supply as well.
Anyway, I'm not sure if you all know what goes on a Cobb Salad in general, but I do.
So if any of you reading this know or decide to find out for yourself, could you pass it on to Outback.
It looked like a Chicken Caesar.
The best was the two itsy bitsy cherry tomatoes cut in half.
Ok, to the main issue; MY dinner, lol.
Garlic mashed potatoes sucked.
What is it with Phoenix restaurants that they will O.D.
someone with cilantro but are at a loss with any other spice.
Bland: I think I will be overusing that term a lot here.
You can always tell when they forgot about the steak they were cooking.
In this case, my mid-rare came out medium to mid-well.
That's being generous.
It had a little pink left but was dry as a desert due to the cook putting some obvious pressure behind the steak weight.
One side was hard to even cut through because it had 99% of the cook time and the other side barely was seared.
Due to the improper cooking technique none of the seasoning stuck, hence my additional use of the word bland, again.
So it brings me back to the beginning of getting that favorite dish that keeps you coming back.
It didn't happen and I probably won't be back anytime soon in another futile attempt.

Great food!
Steak was perfectly done!
And Awesome Service!
I will be coming back for sure

We travel a little over 20 miles to get to this Outback.
We love it!
The food is always great.
More than the great food, is the great service.
Everyone from the greeters and hostesses, to the wait staff and managers--we just love em all.
They are friendly, fun and inject some hilarious personality into every visit.
We seriously eat there at least once or twice a week!
Yes, there are no great places in the Copa.
After working all day, who wants to cook?
Not us.
We've had everything on the steak menu, the Tilapia w crab, Alice Springs Chicken-- we were even talked into getting the wedge salad w blue cheese.
Have ordered that ever since.
There are lots of places in that area for steak.
If you want great steak AND great service, and don't want to break the bank, give this Outback a visit.
And try the wedge salad.

What happened to you Outback!?
We have been frequenting you for years and the last several times we have been there - were very disappointing!
Food served cold, steaks not cooked to order, and one time we had a very rude Server, (female).
Goodbye Outback.

Amazing.
Every time!

Here is the $9 outback Burger I got tonight through curbside.
Suppose to have lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle and mustard.
Could have got this down the street at McD's for $3.50.
Called outback and manager gave a comp for a burger.
Big deal I'm hungry!
What sucks is I been sick for 2 days and haven't eaten anything.
My wife was shopping nearby so I thought it would be convenient.
Oh well first and last time for curbside and possibly last for outback.

1 star simply because I called from the parking lot to ask the wait- was told no wait, walked in 3 seconds later and was told a 15 minute wait.

So far so good.
I just realized they turned one of my favorite dishes the Alice Springs Chicken into a quesadilla.
So basically a chicken, mushroom, and bacon quesadilla.
It was yummy.
On a super awesome side note that most people wouldn't think twice about, a server who was not our server stopped to clear the empty quesadilla plate from out table.
Other than being a good worker there was no incentive or him to do that.
Are they supposed to?
Yes.
Do they?
Heck no.
Anyone who has spent anytime as a restaurant employee can tell you, most people are too worried about their own tables and thus their pocket book to bother to help out another server during a rush.
Just look at the fake smiles next time you make a group of reluctant servers sing your brat Happy Birthday.
I wanted to offer the guy a job right then and there.
Doesn't matter what his skills or training is, I can turn anybody with a good work ethic into a superstar where I work.
The surprise helper's name was Eric by the way.
Ask for him by name.
My prime rib was melt in your mouth.
Seriously was that good.
I ordered it rare because of too many recent bad experiences of overcooked steaks.
The au jus was seasoned just right.
Recently the brown mud water most places tries to pass off as au jus has the flavor profile of rusty tap water with less enjoyment.
Jen's sirloin, cooked perfectly.
And if that wedge salad she had was a quarter head, then the whole thing must have been the size of a basketball.
Huge!
I don't want to forget Elijah.
Eric did it again while I was typing this.
I think I'm developing a man crush.
Our server Elijah was awesome.
I forget sometimes what it was like to work in an industry for low pay and benefits for, here comes the shocker, for the most part, a bunch if cheap skates whose miserable existence is only penetrated by the moments where they can feel superior to someone by treating them less than human.
I'm the first to say I the service sucked, leave a few pennies so they know you remembered but know they sucked too.
But just because you're job as spinning signage on a corner street isn't as glamorous as you thought it would be, don't treat the person who is bringing you your food like a subhuman being.
I think every person should have to wait tables for at least six months before they are allowed to go out to eat.
I watched Elijah run at least four tables flawlessly.
Carrying trays towering with plates and food.
The kids at one table were served right away and got their drinks so they didn't whine (they still did).
Sitter?
Anyone heard of a sitter?
And each of the three tables next to us cried around about their food.
Elijah smiled and apologized and handled it like a trooper.
Great job.
He was a stud at multi-tasking.
And if anyone has ever experienced just the right amount of interruption during a meal, this was it.
No unnecessary intrusions.
His timing was impeccable from start to finish.
Outback you totally redeemed yourself from my last visit.

Fantastic service, fantastic food.
Eli was our waiter and he was great!
I'm newly 21 and he suggested a wonderful drink for me.
I had the ribeye and snow crab which was AMAZING.
My hubby had the double moonshine burger which was fabulous.
My mom had the prime rib sandwich which she said was kinda dry, but still filling.
Since they don't do military discount, we got a free dessert instead.
Absolutely wonderful!
Definitely suggest going here!

I am so done with outback steakhouse.
We went there last night for a birthday dinner and we had so many issues everybody was upset about the meal.
Ryan our waiter did not put the orders incorrectly, they had to remake a chicken salad which took forever to get back out to the table, my girlfriend's salad was not correct, they tried to fix it and made it worse.
Ryan was very un-caring and the manager did not offer to make something else when the salad was bad the second time.
This is the third time I've had issues with outback and we will not be back!

On a recent visit to Outback on a Wednesday evening so you know they were not that busy we were greeted by the hostess (very friendly and nice)...unfortunately went down hill from there....  when the waiter asked us what we wanted to drink it was 5 waters and an ice tea- he was literally annoyed that we were not ordering drinks....  took our order and 3 of the 5 meals were wrong...ok they got two meals right...and when they had to bring my salad out twice because they do not know what seared means for tuna- first time it was raw and it was obvious it was not seared- the second time it was butchered over well done...the manager came up...apologized and said we're not going to charge you for this (really- like I would pay for it anyway).
Never offered to fix me something else but did offer dessert.....  With so many choices out there I'm really surprised this quality of service and food preparation continues...  it will be the last time I set foot into this Outback Steakhouse again along with the 5 other people that were with me...  very bad service, food and the oh well attitude was noticed.
Charlestons and Carrabbas is in the same complex...  hello C's

