I'm a big fan of this particular PETCO and PETCO stores in general.
Their ethical practices outshine their competitors.
I also find that their selection in the amphibian and reptile section to be awesome!
They always seem to have my kitty foods and litter and treats on sale too.
I recently took my new kitten to see Santa at this PETCO location.
Santa and his staff were very professional and gentle with my baby.
The picture came out great, and part of the cost is donated to animal charity.
Great place to take your pet!

Worst shopping experience EVER!
I went in to get a new harness for my dog.
Not knowing what size he needed, we sit on the floor to try a couple on.
Employees taking inventory literally trampled us.
No pause for me to move, no excuse me, I had to make sure I wasn't wearing my invisibly cloak again.
When I said something to them, they did not even acknowledge me.
Once I found the right harness and found some other things I needed, I went to the checkout where things got worse.
The clerk was surly at best, impossibly rude even.
I walked out of there feeling terrible, and my dog, who loves to go shopping when he's allowed, was so depressed that not one staff member even acknowledged his presence.
Have you ever had to deal with a depressed dog with self esteem issues?
It took several cookies and 3 rides in the car to make him feel better!
While I still think Petco over all has decent selection and prices, the people at this store are what got them a single star.
I will probably end up giving them a second chance in the future, and hopefully the experience will be different.

I believe this is the correct location.
The service here was great!
A girl named Alicia was outstanding and you could tell she had a passion for animals.
she even stayed 20 minutes after her shift to make sure we got everything we needed.

Tuesday, 39 dollar shots.
Love it!

I prefer Petsmart better because they have a better selection and prices.
I like Petco for their cookie bar so I can pick up some cookies that are friendly for pets for my pets.
That's basically it, I only shop here on occasion because of the location.
Go to Pets Inc in Tempe instead for a real shopping experience.

We usully go to both petco and petsmart for our fish tank needs.
We recently got a clown loach from petco and today (about a week after we got him) we noticed it had ich extremely bad, and another one of our fish seemed to have the early stages.
We returned to petco today and noticed the tank carrying the clown loaches had ich.
a few other tanks did as well.
We talked to the employee and he said that he didn't notice it and that all the tanks had the same water supply, meaning, if one tank had it all the fish could be infected.
After he finished talking to us he went to sell fish to a family.
THEIR FISH INFECTED OUR TANK WITH ICH, AND THEY ARE STILL SELLING FISH WHEN THEY KNOW THEY HAVE ICH.
Not to mention they only have 3 employees working at once, so you have to search for one to even get this fish.
We will never return to a petco again.

