I bought an Ipod replacement battery here, but I could not get the case open by myself.
I brought it in to have them replace it, and they called me the next day to tell me they had sold me the wrong battery but they had the correct one in stock and would waive the installation charge for the mistake.
THIS is the kind of service that makes me want to go back, and I will.
Recommended.

I had an extremely great experience at this store.
I had purchased a battery from another retail store and was not able to get the battery in the devise so I figured it was worth a shot to see if the people at Batteries Plus could figure it out.
Not only did they fix the problem, the literally spent an hour working with the battery since it was expensive and I didn't want to replace it.
It was also slightly defective since I bought it wholesale.
The employees were very friendly and made me feel completely grateful for their help.
I would recommend this store location to anyone.

I am amazed at the knowledge of thier employees They did not have it, but they found it

I came looking for a specific camera battery.
Couldn't find it at two other places, glad I found Batteries Plus!
They had what I needed, but not before checking my old battery to see it it was actually the battery or my charger.
it was the battery, the gentleman courteously helped me find my replacement, asked that i double check it fit and rang me up.
He even recycled my old non-working one.
I'll be back for all my battery needs!

I came to batteries plus after going to a couple of other stores that didn't have the batteries I needed.
The batteries I needed were extremely small, smaller than hearing aid batteries, and they had little Japanese writing on them.
When I went to Batteries Plus I walked up to the counter, and asked if they had these batteries.
After waiting about 1 minute the gentleman emerged from their back room with the batteries I needed.
I have never seen so many batteries in my life.
For all of your battery needs, visit Batteries Plus!

I randomly stopped in to get a battery for my keyless entry remote for my car.
I was really impressed with the level of service I received for such a small purchase.
There were quite a few customers in there but despite this the guy helping me went above and beyond.
He tested the battery I had to make sure it was dead, then noticed a piece in my remote was coming loose so he soldered it.
After doing this he went outside to make sure the remote was functioning.
All of that for $3.86!
I wish the receipt had his name so I could give a proper shout out, it only says "MC".
I will definitely be going back if I have any battery needs.
I strongly recommend this location, it's rare to find such an excellent level of service.

These guys have never been less than stellar in the service they provide.
I have used them for years as a homeowner as well as CEO of medium-sized Human Services agency in the Chandler area.
These folks will help you with what you need, research options for you, allow you to return batteries without question, are very knowledgeable, and best of all, really not afraid to take a risk by trusting their customers.
I highly recommend them

