I'm always looking for a good slice of pizza/italian.
Casa Grande doesn't have many choices.
When I first past by this place I thought - eh what the hell.
You walk in and its a bit dark, a few people lingering at the bar, EVERYONE stares at you like an alien when you walk in.
Very strange, must be a very clickly hangout for the older folk I guess.
Any who....I ordered the spaghetti because its an original recipe.
Well it was crap, no really, the noodles were dry, stuck together, and the sauce was so bland and basic that I wondered if it was just a can of tomato sauce and some salt.
To top it off the waitress was trying to pitch me a sale on a "special price" flat screen tv (which they sell in here) with direct TV (which is also sold here).
Seriously.
I dunno, never been back never plan to.

Awesome chicago style pizza smothered and covered with cheese and cut in squares.
A great chow down place for a cold beer and wings too!!
Can't beat a local favorite!

Great thin crust pizza!
Dells has been around forever in Casa Grande and it looks it!!
The building is old and dingy, and still has smoke stains on the walls and sports pennants that litter them.
It's definitely is an old school sports bar.
The wait staff is pretty decent., but plan a long wait on busy nights.
They have your typical bar food on the menu, but it's their thin crust pizza that brings people back.
Not too thin and flakey and it doesn't taste like cardboard like other places.
Good sauce and toppings.
For a twist, try their sausage and sauerkraut pizza.
It's actually pretty darn good!

Best pizza place ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Casa Grande I salute you!!
What a great pizza & beer joint!!
On our visit the only bad thing was the Poly-Drug Lord holding court with his Homies right next to us.
The bartender was awesome and the pizza was Shazaam!
Go there......and feast!

I really love the pizza here.
Service is hit or miss.
My only complaint is the prices.
They are way too high for casa.
We stopped going when they stopped the specials.
If they cleaned the place up to make the atmosphere less divey, it might help also.
Large Chad's special (14 inch pizza), a couple sodas, tax and tip is thirty bucks.
Good pizza, but better get it to go...

Great pizza but don't be surprised when you walk in, it is a bar.
Lots of families with kids go there.
Building is very old but they are renovating at this very moment.
Don't pass this up for great pizza.

Where to start?
Sandy, the owner, is still a nasty old broad who does not have time for you, unless you are in the "circle" of favorite customers and friends.
The building is dark and musty, dust sticks to the walls thicker then the paint.
The satellite dish kiosk is way out of place.
I wondered if the staff gets a commission if they sale a system or TV.
The bartender tried really hard to sale me a TV last time I stopped by.
The piizza is bland...
I think that the sauce is plain, straight tomato paste.
Stay away from the beer on tap, because it is always warm.
The employees always have something to complain about, and they don't mind giving you all the gory details.
Save your money for a much better pizza from Papa Murphy's.

BEST WINGS EVER!
Pizza is pretty amazing too.
Cool place to go with friends, not too big/too small.

The pizza is great the other food ick.
There are drink specials in a flip menu on the tables but when I ordered a mai tai (off that flip menu) I was told they don't have the stuff to make them (or many other items).
So iodes a basic Margarita on the rocks and it tasted like dish dodo.
The decor is shabby ... Time for an update (I think this is the same paint etc that was here when my family would visit when I was younger.
The prices are high for the quality.

