My Mom suggested a trip here after I tried shopping at several of the big boys in jewelery, I was fed up with the pressure to buy buy buy, upgrade upgrade upgrade, I left most of the shops feeling dirty, like after visiting a used car lot, but thankfully Sommers was different.
The staff had an approach to them where I felt like they would be equally happy if I walked out with nothing or with a five thousand dollar diamond.
It doesn't have the same showoff presentation as some of the bigger places, and may not have the selection of some, but walking out feeling good about yourself and your purchase feels pretty great.
I bought a beautiful engagement ring and, for some reason, she said yes, so I can't complain.
I'd recommend giving Sommers Jewelers a shot if you're in the area.

We went  here to see about having a band made to match my engagement ring.
After briefly looking at my ring they brought up some concerns they saw with it.
Then started asking more detailed questions about it.
If you look at a previous review of mine you will see more of the issues.
Like others have said they are very friendly, no pressure to buy, and really seem to enjoy helping people find what is a good match for them.
We will only use them for our future purchases.

Justin restored my engagement ring, which I was an heirloom when I received it.
He did beautiful work for a reasonable price, and did a full appraisal.
Justin and his staff are very knowledgeable and will give you honest and accurate information.
I have moved away so I don't have the option to do business with them anymore, but I highly recommend Sommers Jewelers, even if you have to make a trip from out of town.

This is the only jeweler to go to in Casa Grande.
The first time I went in, I needed to have a Tag Heuer watchband resized.
Justin checked it out.
Told me he would make a tool to do it.
Yep, he fabricated a tool to do the job.
Went back the next day.
The watch was resized perfectly, no scratches, and he only charged me $15.
Imagine that!
Since then, I have been back there a couple of times, for different jewelry needs.
The staff is very well knowledgeable, attentive, and courteous.

