Ok This place is cheap 3.5 hours, including massage, pedicure and facial- 130$  It's in a strip mall.
Isn't the newest prettiest flashiest place....
But I thought the massage was awesome and the prices were great!

Cozy little place and the staff were warm.
I went there twice, once for a spa package (incl.
massage, body scrub, facial, mani & pedi) for less than 200 bucks.
They treated me like a queen, and felt refreshed and radiant afterwards :) The body treatments were good, but the facial was terrible.
It was ok, but the strokes were way fast and not soothing.
I felt like i was catching a train.
Mani and pedi were done next door, which was a full nail spa.
I had a french manicure, which was ok (meaning i can paint equally well).
Pedi was not memorable.
Yesterday, my bf and i went back for a massage ($50/50 mins).
They made us wait 30 mins, cos one of the therapists was double-booked.
But they were nice enough to make sure that we had water and were relaxed.
so, it's fine.
My massage was so so, my therapist was a young lady, and she kept talking (i hate it).
And she also tried to burn me twice with hot stones even though I din request for it.
But still overall relaxing.
The therapist (marcy?
)  for my bf was great (at least that's what he said).
And he would be going back again :)

Do you like deep tissue massage?
Audie is AMAZING!
I disovered this on a fluke, responded to a special Groupon deal.
I have never been comfortable getting a massage until this day.
Audie was professional, caring and the consummate therapist.
You can feel the love.
It's so obvious that she truly enjoys what she does.
Give her your email address she will send you great deals, remind you of your appointments - thank you after your sessions with a re-cap of your services and charges - very cool.
Her business is growing and will be moving to new location soon (close by still in Chandler)  One visit and you will be hooked!

Customer Service: 5 stars Massage: 10 stars if I could give it!
Facial: not sure - I've only had one before now Ambiance: 3.5 stars Value: 20++ stars!!!
After reading the rave reviews on Yelp, I made an appoinment for a three hour "Relax" package that included 50 min.
massage, 50 min.
facial and Spa Pedi.
The outside of the building is confusing.
It's a SPA, but it looks so tiny from the outside that I wasn't sure I was at the right place.
The SPA is a converted one story office building in strip mall with lots of small rooms down a long narrow hall way.
The decor was beautiful inside - relaxing, clean and cozy.
But slightly cramped.
Given the amazing value and wonderful service, I can easily overlook these things!
I got there 25 minutes early, and Becky, the *amazing* masseuse, started on me early.
I am not sure how long the massage was, but my guess is 90 minutes, and it was heavenly.
Becky is so so good - best massage experience in the valley!!
She put warm pads on my back as she started to work - and then used deep pressure as I requested the entire time.
It was wonderful!!!
After the massage, I waited about ten minutes in a cozy lounge room for the facial room to be ready.
I had been uneasy about getting another facial - my first and only other experience was terrible (won't go into details).
This was refreshing and relaxing.
Once again, I am not sure facials are my favorite type of pampering, but it was not a bad experience.
Since the massage and facial took three hours and I needed to get home, they allowed me to skip the pedicure and pro-rated the cost.
I love this place and will definitely be back.
Highly recommend this place!
:-)

All I have to say is that Becky is by far THE BEST masseuse I have ever been to EVER.
I love her!
I wish I could go visit her every day.
She used hot stones, hot pads, warm wash cloths, all different kinds of oils for different parts of the body, and all different applications of pressure and techniques - amazing!
I was so happy, rejuvenated and relaxed after my massage this week - I wish I could bottle that feeling and sip on it all day!

I hadn't heard of this place before and went based on a Groupon I purchased.
The atmosphere was inviting.
When I walked in I was offered water.
My wait was less than five minutes.
The staff was extremely nice.
The Groupon was for a facial with Suzanne.
I really enjoyed it.
She has a nice touch and was quite thorough.
My face felt soft and had a nice glow even the next day.
I am actually considering purchasing the moisturizer she uses.
I will go back in the future.

I went to see heather based on a groupon i had gotten for a body wrap.
I had totally expected discounted service at this discounted price.
NOT so at all.
Heather gave me a fabulous massage incorporated in the wrap and and made me relaxed hours after I left the spa.

An amazing facial by Suzanne Mihocko was just what the doctor ordered.
She was sensitive enough to ask the right questions at the very beginning "what was I hoping to get out of the facial" for example.
Also sensitive enough to talk during the facial if I was talking but careful not to get too long winded so I could enjoy the experience.
The actual facial was perfect.
She recommended an additional product for me to add to my already solid facial regiment but didn't appear too salesy about it which I liked.
I will definately go back.
If you're looking for a fancy spa ambience, you won't find it here, what you will find is a very simple ambience with a high quality facial experience.
You decide.

Susie was SUPER!
I scored this awesome facial from Groupon and I am grateful.
My appointment was on a Friday afternoon, and it was a great way to start the weekend.
Susie was very kind, friendly, and knowledgable.
Best of all, I received another coupon for another facial.
She even recommended some products from Sally's Beauty Supply vs. trying to upsell me.
I appreciated her and HIGHLY recommend her services.
Thanks Susie!

After my husband's and my experience with facials on our vacation in May, we were happy to see a groupon for A New U Day Spa come up on groupon almost right after we returned.
I read the description of the facial the groupon was promoting, which was the ultimate deep pore facial, and purchased it.
Since my husband and I both still have iffy skin we thought this would be perfect for us.
Making appointments was a little bit of a hassle, just because of how many groupons were sold and the dates we were able to schedule.
We ultimately made appointments for late September on a Saturday afternoon.
The day of our appointment we showed up about fifteen minutes early so we could both fill out some paperwork regarding our skin.
While the fact that this Spa is in a strip mall like location doesn't bother me as much as some reviews I have read on other sites, the waiting area sort of does.
There were not enough places to sit and there was a large group of women waiting for other services when we showed up.
My husband ended up standing till we were called into the back.
There is a little sitting area for those getting facials in the back, which is nice since its secluded from the rest of the Spa.
Suzanne though, is the friendliest facialist I have ever met, hands down.
She was open, warm and welcoming.
She asked if I had any issues with my skin I needed addressed and asked all the right questions.
It didn't feel weird that I didn't talk to her that much during my facial like it has with others.
I am one of those people who like to zone out during a facial and talk makes it less enjoyable.
My husband is the opposite.
He likes to talk and him and Suzanne talked throughout his entire facial.
Each of us had a different experience based on our skin types.
I had a pumpkin mask and my husband had another kind.
Both of us were really happy with our experience.
The only issue I did end up having was I ended up really red for the next couple of days.
I might have more sensitive skin than I realized and it ended up being almost like a sun burn, with peeling and everything.
As we were leaving, Suzanne even gave us a discount to come back before the end of the year.
I don't know that we will be able to get back before then, but I will definitely come back to have Suzanne do another of my facials.
She was great.
The rest of the staff is friendly as well.
They talked to my husband and I for almost half an hour after our appointments.
I recommend this Spa.

I picked this place because of how highly it was rated on yelp.
I called and set an appointment to get a mani/pedi.
They were very accommodating over the phone, and I was pleased.
:)  The service is really wonderful, the lady who did my nails was fantastic.
I normally have a really hard time understanding what to do or say in this sort of setting... like what kind of small talk to make or not make, what should I do with my hands or my feet, and all....
I usually only ever get pedicures done because that's easy and simple--you're not face to face with someone so no need for chit-chat.
:)  I am very glad I picked here to go though because Sharon was wonderful--the job she did on my nails is super pretty (I got gels on my hands and feet.
), and she took such an interest in making sure they turned out to her specification and I'm quite glad she did.
I love the job she did, and she made the experience very wonderful.
:)  The reason I rated this three stars though isn't because of the service or anything, it's because of the facilities.
I expected one of those foot tubs with whirling jets and bubbles... none to be found but a tub manually filled with hot sudsy water.
I asked for black gel tips and the owner still hadn't replaced it.
One of those UV nail dryer things was broken so we were switching back and forth because it hadn't been replaced yet.
While the people are nice and staffed well (listening I could hear that everyone seemed to have repeat clients with that they knew all about and stuff, you know how hair dressers and their clients talk and gossip and stuff, I just wish that the owner would invest a little more in making this an *actual* day spa, and not a hair salon that wishes it was a day spa too.
I'm not 100% sure I'd go back, just because for $100 + tip for a mani/pedi I was expecting a facility with some more high-end gadgets or something.
:)  But, at the same time, I may just as well go back because these people actually speak English and treat you so very well!
:3  I guess I'll know what's more important to me next month.... :)

The decor is cute but the waiting area is lacking in the seating department.
I waited about 20 minutes (even though I had an appointment) before I was called back for my manicure and pedicure.
The foot bath was a large tub with sudsy water in it but it was nice and hot which is uncommon so I didn't mind not having a big squishy chair and jets.
There are only two chairs so if you don't know the person next to you it will either be awkward or you'll make a new friend!
There was a decent color selection, nothing out of the ordinary though.
I was a little disappointed with the massage (maybe lasted two minutes) and lack of hot stones/towels.
Service there was decent.
The lady doing my nails was nice.
I heard some of the girls talking about their weekend plans and they seemed to devulge a bit too much information which I thought was a little unprofessional.
I loved the colors I picked but for some reason my nails didn't look as nice as my toes did.
There were a few spots that she missed and they started chipping about a day later as well :(  All in all I'd say it was a decent experience.
I'm not sure if I'd go back though.

I signed up for a Travelzoo special for a massage and facial.
It took a while to get an appointment, which didn't make a good impression, BUT then I heard from the receptionist.
This young lady was first rate: she first asked how to pronounce my name, she explained how busy they had been with appointments and apologized for the delay in getting back to me, and she explained exactly what I could expect at the salon.
Two days before my appointment, I received a reminder call from the same young lady and was impressed by the professionalism of the spa.
I filled out the paper work  and was immediately greeted by Kelvin, one of the owners of the spa.
Though very young, he was very professional and yet friendly, and I immediately felt comfortable with him.
He got right to work and I have to say Kelvin gave me the best facial I have ever had.
Kelvin also gave me one of the very best massages I have ever enjoyed, and since I have had massages for over 20 years, he was being judged against some strong competition...
If Yelp allowed half stars, I would give this place 4 and 1/2 stars...the only drawback for me was that they use scented candles, which often cause me to sneeze.
However, when I had a minute to talk with the owner and mention this, she could not have been nicer to me.
The strip mall location was not promising, but A New You Day Spa is a terrific find.
I have already made an August appointment and I took a number of cards to distribute to my friends.
Go there and enjoy yourself!

This little day spa/salon has an adorable & youthful appearance.
The staff seemed to get along nicely, and everyone was friendly.
I was a bit worried about the peacefulness of the massage/facial rooms when I heard "Party Rock Anthem" at a good volume coming from the salon, but I need not have worried.
The salon part of this place is young and hip and the spa side is peaceful and clean.
My massage from Heather was great and the facial from Suzanne was the BEST I've had in years!
I will be returning!

Suzanne Mihocko is amazing.
Her facials are out of this world.
Make an appointment.
Do it.
Now.
Love.

I received a gift certificate for this salon for a facial and a massage.
I made my appointment, was called the week of my appointment to change the time, I was fine with this.
I go the day of my appointment, and it had been cancelled.
No phone call the day before, no apology, nothing.
I made another appointment, didn't receive a call to confirm the appointment, so this time I called the day of an hour before my appointment to verify that it was still scheduled; it was.
I get the the salon, wasn't offered water or anything (but the ppl that arrived after me were offered something).
After 10 mins, the receptionist tells me that my facial had been cancelled, because the esthetician who was supposed to do it, had put me under another person and that new esthetician had just called out and had no knowledge of my appointment.
Confused?
Yeah, so was I.
The receptionist then tells me that they are going to make me another appointment and that she will see that the manager offers me something for free, given that I've made 2 appointments and both have been cancelled.
She also mentioned that the manager would be calling me that day.
I'm still waiting to hear back from the manager of the salon.
If it wasn't for the gift certificate, I wouldn't be returning to this place.
As far as recommendations, there are plenty of better salons, with much better customer service in Chandler or Gilbert.

So I went in for my appointment... this was my final one and if the salon messed this one up, I wasn't coming back, gift certificate or no gift certificate.
I was greeted immediately  and offered champagne or a mimosa, then taken to a back room to relax.
My masseuse was excellent, she was young, knew what she was doing and we had a great conversation throughout the massage session.
Then came my facial and she was also awesome.
She explained what she wanted to do, asked my concerns and went straight to work.
My face still feels great!
At check out, I did tip and was offered 2 $15 off coupons to come back.
I may consider it, but we'll see!
They did redeem themselves after my 2 horrible first experiences.

The salon staff was nice and friendly.
The massage I received was wonderful.
However, the general appearance of the salon is noticeably under construction and constantly being added to along with the fact that there wasn't another customer present.
If you can overlook the appearance the services are great!

Best place ever will never go anywhere but here.

Best massage I've had in the Valley...from Sierra!
Will be back...

Lovely time at A New U Day Spa.
Highly recommend for a massage, wrap, or facial.
Had a mini girls spa morning.
They even provided mimosas, so lovely.
You may be skeptical based on the location, but once you step inside the atmosphere is lovely.
It is nice and  quiet in the rooms I was in.
The massage was awesome, with the nice touches you want, hot towels, heating pad, eye covering, its the little stuff that matters to me :)

