I have been going here for like 10 years and have never had a bad experience.
I see dr. Barb and she is very caring and you can tell she loves helping make you feel better.
The receptionists are always very nice and helpful.

I have been seeing these Dr's for years now.
I was tired of feeling like a number at my old Dr's office.
They are warm freindly and were very helpful when i got diagnosed with cancer.
Barb sat down and talked to me answered all my questions.
She made sure I was in a good place.
I took my husband in with me a few weeks ago and he was so impressed with the level of attention that he is switching.

After being a long time patient of this practice I felt I needed to write a review.
The doctors and PA's treat us like a number.
There is no real concern or care.
The office staff at first was great but they have gotten progressively worse.
It is very difficult to get information from them or to create any dialogue outside of making a doctor appointment.
I am very disappointed.
If you are shopping for a doctor keep on shopping.

They lost 11 test results and consultation notes in the span of 6 months.
The final one I had faxed over 7 times and for some reason they still claimed they hadn't gotten it.
After calling through out the day and standing in the office for more than an hour they finally printed my results and sent me on my way.
The next day I recieved a ntice that they would no longer provide me service.
As if I would consider going back at that point.
Staff was rude, doctor was horribly rude and poorly informed.
Frequently pulled up webmd articles during appointments.
Its pathetic to think expecting them too receive results in a timely manner was too much for them to handle.

This office is amazing!
I have complete confidence in everyone in the office to take care of me and my family's needs.
They are very thorough and patient with me and answer all my question and concerns that I have.
I see Barb but would see anyone if she was not available.

I've definitely tried my fair share of doctors, and this office is by far one of the best I've been to.
Minimal wait times, caring and informative doctors, and the front desk ladies are nice too!

I have been a patient of this Medical Group for over  10 years.
The doctors and PA's are the best anywhere.
I had a heart problem diagnosed due to the PA remembering that heart issues were in my family.
It was all taken care of within one month.
I am ever so grateful.
I think they are the best and would not go anywhere else.

They are not taking new patients.

When it comes to your health you only want the absolute best.
That is where Dr. Carroll and Dr. Regis come in.
Both are very knowledgable and have excellent "bedside" manners.
They really care about the health of their patients instead of treating them like a number.
The best family practice in the East Valley as far as I am concerned.

