This gym masquerades as a decent establishment until it screws you by not letting you deactivate your membership.
It also has a sketchy clientele and extremely poor customer service.
Perhaps it needs to quit hiring 20 year olds who can't read well and have no sense of customer service.

I love to workout.
I'm one of the few people I know who get their $$ worth out of a membership.
I don't join just to use a treadmill.
I don't join just because of a group fitness instructor - in fact I loathe group fitness except for a random spin class for a change of pace.
I don't join to make friends.
I don't join to pick up new clients.
I don't join to show off my outfits.
I join because I workout 4-6 times a week.
I lift weights.
Not machines.
Weights.
Barbells, dumbbells, that sort of thing.
I use the cardio equipment I can't use at home - rower, stairmill, versa climber.
I take advantage of steam or sauna once in a while.
I use the pool.
When I use a medicine ball, it's not to do 1000 decline crunches or throw it at a friend to catch it on my way back up for my next rep. No.
I slam the medicine ball against a wall or the floor.
I TRAIN.
So when I join, I expect to be able to train.
Up until last month, I had a membership at a gym where I could really take advantage of all of those resources.
I loved my little gym.
Not too crowded (rarely, if ever, actually).
Acceptable equipment, and they even had a platform and bumper plates for olympic lifting.
Great month-to-month rates.
Open 24 hours.
Couldn't complain until they decided to shut down.
So I joined LA Fitness because all alternatives were just too expensive and lacked stuff, or everything was so old and grungy I didn't feel safe using it.
I have a history with LA Fitness.
I used to work there in South Florida a long time ago.
First as a membership advisor, then as a trainer (that sucked more than working sales or being a member).
However, the gyms where I worked were not even half as bad as this LA Fitness.
So you may ask... "But Ivonne, why is it so bad?
You got the same month-to-month rate you had at your old gym and it's less than 3 miles from your house, where your old gym was 9 miles away!
The gym is fairly new, and huge, and has loads of equipment, including the cardio pieces you like to do your intervals on.
They've got a nice pool and clean locker rooms.
Towels.
Nice staff.
Large, well-lit parking lot.
Easy access from two major streets (except for the road construction currently going on right in front of it).
Why is it so bad?
"  I'll tell you why I give it two stars - the freaking people there KILL this place.
It's not to say that EVERYONE who goes there is one minute away from a bitch-slap.
Some people appear to be intelligent and take their workouts seriously.
But the GENERAL population there makes me wish I were blind so I wouldn't have to watch the kind of shit that goes on.
It's a three-ring circus.
I don't even know what's worse - the members or the trainers.
The gym itself could easily earn maybe FOUR stars, if only I had it to myself.
The trainers waste their clients' time on makeshift wobble boards, or counting out reps while the client sits on a chest press machine pushing away at 15 pounds, or watching the client do barbell bicep curls standing on one foot.
I have worked there, and i know that their sessions are only 1/2 hour long.
Are you kidding me?
You're going to use that short amount of time to do bicep curls with a woman who clearly hired you to help her lose weight?
Or a teenage boy whose dad hired you because the kid wants to be make the JV basketball team (which by the way, shame on the father for choosing THIS fine establishment and this unqualified trainer to be the one to give his son an athletic foundation - total rip off).
And then there's the members...
I have never seen such a high concentration of lunacy.
Between the conversations, strange "exercises", 1/4-range of motion squats and bench presses, the outfits on some of these people (girls AND guys)... and the obscene amount of TEXTING AND PHONE CALLS going on in the middle of "workouts"...
I want to look away, but I can't.
And it's distracting.
And it sucks the energy right out of my workouts.
And while yes, there is a ton of equipment in the free-weight area (no bumper plates or platform, though), it's rarely available during the times that I can go on week days.
So I have to sit there and wait for the power rack, or a bench while some 17 year old kid sits and text messages with his girlfriend between sets, taking wayyyyy too much time between 1/4-rep sets of 20.
And good luck finding a set of dumbbells where they should be.
The staff is nice and all, but they do nothing to help the members locate equipment.
So there are dumbbells all over the gym, except for the dumbbell racks.
You have to hunt them down.
I've never seen a more uncourteous population of members, either.
People leave all the plates on the bars and walk away without unracking stuff.
They don't wipe down equipment after leaving their fluids all over them (ever heard of MRSA, people?!
No, I DON'T want your cooties.
Bottom line - gym is nice - four stars for the gym.
0 Stars for the members.
Overall score 2 stars (somewhat happy medium i guess).

LA Fitness is a mediocre gym that has pretty bad customer service.
Registration is a hassle, every now and then you'll get bugged by a trainer to sign up for special training, and the facilities are not always clean.
It's convenient because they seem to be everywhere.
They claim to be 24 hours, but that is not true.
They're only open 24 hrs on M-TH.
When you sign up, make sure you don't get ripped off on your monthly plan.
Do your research with competing gyms and negotiate.
These guys are sharks.

I go to this gym because it's close to my house and i got a good deal on my membership.
It's rarely all that crowded so I can get on any piece of equipment without a wait.
I don't normally talk with the staff or most members there.
I go, do cardio, lift weights, go home.

I recently signed up here because I moved from Maricopa and didn't really want to make that drive every day to go to the gym.
The first thing I would tell people is that if you want to sign up here, don't take one of the price options they show you at first.
Ask for other options and you'll save about $25 a month and pay a cheaper initiation fee or none at all.
The people at the counter who check you in generally aren't very friendly but they're a very small part of my experience so I deal with it.
I just started personal training today and the trainer, Lance, is great!
He's friendly and I like his training style (more encouragement than drill instructor).
Not to mention I feel like I've been run over by a truck so I forsee good results coming from this.
They have a bunch of different cardio and weight machines and usually have more than one of each so it's not a big deal if someone is on one.
They also have a ton of classes that are included in the membership which I think is great.
Haven't had a chance to try any out yet but I'm definately going to try to get into one soon.

I have been using this GYM for 5 years and it used to be good until they bought out Pure Fitness, now it is soooo busy you have to stand in lines to use any of the equipment.
They only have 4 of the good stairclimbers (the ones with the rolling steps) and they are constantly broken.
They have like 10 or more of the old crappy stairclimbers that nobody wants to use, which they should get rid of for some of the better ones.
They should use some of the huge open area in the front for more bench presses and an additional leg press.

LA Fitness bought Pure Fitness and closed down my gym at Elliot and Alma School.
Their recommendation ?
Go to LA Fitness at Warner and Dobson.
My impression on visiting there, which also led to my cancellation of membership was: Parking very crowded, Gym over-crowded, no access to cardio equipment (waited more then 15 minutes) due to overcrowding.
No way, not with me!

it's a decent la fitness the selection is good and i go early enough where i don't have to deal with the crowd.
you don't find the machines out of order too often and if they are they are fixed pretty quickly.

I am a pure fitness member wait....WAS.
For a couple months i had noticed that when the company was bought out not only did they up the price(from 18 to 25 for a couple months then down to 19.33) but for some odd reason neither LA Fitness or Pure Fitness has a lot of employees working for them that are just NOT pleasant when you first enter.
Whenever i see these scowling faces at the front desk i want to hurry and run to whatever machine i can get on STAT!
Secondly, i understand some of these kids working as a personal trainer who looked old enough to be my little brother and no nice looking muscles and what have you basically told me i was obese and not fit and you know that whole deal and how I should sign up for their personal trainer thingy where you see them once a week or whatever is part of their job but not everyone is well endowed.
Cmon kid look at the economy, I am 24 years old i am not working out at home that should give you a little bit of common sense knowledge.At the time I was working for the worst company ever(SEARS) and didn't want to feel tied down to something i am not sure I could commit too not only for financial reasons but personal reasons.
The best workout you can get is to go with people who Were personal trainers and/or friends for motivation.
Going by yourself is good for you don't get me wrong but having someone to talk too is much more fun than listening to songs on your ipod over and over.
Third thing, when i refer someone to join you would think I would get some kind of reward.
Not here.
Or they are holding out on me(which i wouldn't be surprised in the slightest).
So my friend who is moving to chandler soon came to work out one day, Some big douche bag sitting in his desk had the audacity to tell her she cannot be a guest because you need to register online.
So we thought okay well lets use our smart phones.
He then tells us No we need a print out.
Okay???
Well geez dude you could have said that to begin with.
My friend was willing to pay 15 dollars just for the day to get this twat waffle out of the way and on with our 2 hour session.
So the T.W(did not get his name i will next time i go and ask though)  had gotten up and another big guy with bulging muscles sat down with a rose looking tattoo was nice enough to state everything in a clear nice friendly tone like someone with better customer service skills would show for their company.
Signed my friend up and you know what I lied for referring my friend I had received a Thank you and a lanyard OOOOOH BOY EXCITING!!!
The gym itself is packed after 5 o'clock weekdays.
Oh and as a FYI do NOT read the door outside.
It says the gym is only open til 10 Mon-Fri but really its open Mon-Thur until 12am and fri til 10pm!
Thank God!!!
I like to go when there's less people which is after 9pm.
I like this gym because its close and i like the layout much more than the one that was on alma school and elliot for some reason don't ask why.
I don't know!
So the gym is okay enough to go to nothing special  but its whats close.
So can't complain too much unless I have to deal with the employees more than id like to is where we have problems.
I seriously do not understand how companies hire females that have their snotty behavior going on and big guys that think they are the S*** because they are a personal trainer and find everything you say to be incorrect and don't want to sign people up apparently and make everything more difficult than it should be your an awesome T.W of an employee dude keep up the "GREAT" work(or lack of)!

It's funny - this is my "home" LA Fitness and when I signed up about four years ago I lived right across the street at the Dobson Towne Center apartments, but rarely went.
I moved out to Queen Creek and about 9 months ago started coming to this location regularly (as well as others).
Now I moved to Gilbert & Baseline, so this location is much closer.
I don't use the training here, I don't use the weights, and I don't take any classes except Zumba.
I used to come to the Monday 9:45 AM class when I was out of work, but now I am limited to Monday 5:45 and Thursday 4:30 Zumba, both with Scheyla.
There is a new Sunday afternoon with Maria that I would also recommend.
Both ladies are high energy, so get ready to sweat - and the classes are packed so get there early.
When I am not doing Zumba I attempt to use the treadmill.
Often that is a challenge because lately every time I have attempted they have all been full.
The machines are older unlike other locations such as University & Stapley, but they get the job accomplished when you can get on one.

Not perfect by any means - it's crowded every weekday after 5 and it has its share of meatheads, but it is spacious, the equipment is plentiful and in good shape, it's fairly comfortable and has ample parking.
They also have daycare, a lap pool, sauna, cycling classes and a large aerobics room, though I've never used them.
For those giving 1 or 2 stars, all I can say is you should try the one on 28th and Highland in Phoenix.
That one makes this look like a 5-star resort.
Sidenote: I have my own 'white whale' at this location.
Someone wears Patchouli and leaves that wretched smell on the equipment.
I've been trying to find him/her for months but he/she always eludes me.
Some day, Moby Stank.
Some day...

I was a member for over 6 years at this location.
It was very convenient to where I used to live.
I had to cancel due to there not being an LA Fit nearby the new house.
This was relatively easy compared to what I had heard about cancelling from others.
You have to go in and speak with a manager between 9-5pm M-F but can go to any LA Fit to do this.
Here's my take over the past 6 years and take it for what it's worth:  When I signed up, I felt like it was a decent value.
I go there for cardio.
I don't lift weights, take classes, use the pool, or locker rooms.
I used to occasionally shoot hoops after a workout but good luck getting on a court to shoot around.
There are always pick up games going on and I understand it's a full court.
but 24 hours a day every day?
At one point, they held volleyball games on the bball court and offered basketball tournaments so if you weren't part of that, you were out of luck.
Lately it just seems over run by games especially since the acquisition of Pure Fitness.
Shortly after I joined, the gym put in new treadmill machines and I thought to myself "good, they keep their equipment updated".
What I didn't realize was that I had incredible timing and it had probably been 6 years since the LAST time they put in new equipment.
Those were the only machines that they updated until a renovation of the club 2 summers ago when some other pieces were updated (very few and not those that needed it most).
I used the eliptical machines and when I left, I was still using the same machines that were there when I first joined.
Every single one of them has been out of order at one time or another and apparently the gym feels that it's most cost-effective to continue to fix these machines rather than replace them.
At one point, there were easily 5-6 machines that didn't work which created a problem during high demand time periods (after work, early mornings).
I was so frustrated I had half a mind to create signs that said "this one doesn't work either" and "neither does this one" followed by "don't even bother with this one".
Several of those that ARE working make noise which is distracting to both me and those around me.
The actual computers are inconsistent so the resistance that I get on one machine doesn't match that of another at the same setting.
Lastly and this isn't the fault of the club, but no one wipes down their machine after they are done.
At least put a sign up encouraging members to do this.
My wife commented that at her previous LA Fitness, everyone wiped down after they were done so ask other clubs what they are doing right!
That should pretty much cover machine maintenance.
Beyond machines not working, I had very few complaints until LA Fit acquired Pure Fitness about 2 years ago.
Talk about not having a plan!
All of a sudden, the parking lot as packed, there were no machines available and the classes were packed wall to wall.
Sure it's great for membership but this was just another example of how little member satisfaction means to this club.
I'm no better than anyone else but how about a little communication as to what is going on and what to expect?
I work in the hospitality industry and I can assure you that my company's guests aren't left in the dark about anything that may inconvenience them.
They are proactively told before they commit to staying so they can decide the best course of action.
About a year ago, I made the life-altering decision to start coming before work since this increased my odds of getting on a machine.
If you are able, go early in the morning and you'll almost always find an open machine (fingers crossed they are all working!).
If you must go in the afternoon, go in expecting to wait about 5 minutes and it will alleviate the disappointment.
As far as the staff goes, I have to echo the sentiments of those whose reviews I have read.
It's very hit-or-miss.
They aren't big on being friendly, at least not consistently.
At times they have had some very good people working up front but over the past 5 years, they are clearly just in need of a body to answer phones (and when I say "phones" apparently that means both the club phone or their personal phones!
There is a lot of playful conversation amongst the staff, too.
More often than not, they don't greet you and had recently begun placing the check-in scanner on the counter so members can scan their own card!
I had towel service and after playing the "will they be done with the laundry yet?
" game, I decided to start bringing my own.
Every time I would ask for one, I would constantly get "they are in the dryer and should be done in 10 minutes".
I was paying for it so they were, in essence, not upholding their end of the agreement.
If you go to the gym for atmosphere and use a lot of their services, read all reviews before signing up or choosing this location.

I gave another LA Fitness 4 stars, this location is subpar...
They run out of towels at the absolute worst times of the day, buy more towels or don't wait until 5:30 to wash towels...
I hate the weights and cardio machines at this location.
The equipment at Chandler & I-10 is much better.
The weights are the same but there is more room at the other location.
The only thing I go to this location for is spinning.
Saturday at 8AM and Tuesday at 5:30PM

Equipment always clean and ready to use

This Gym Sucks!
Don't go there if you don't want your bank card withdrawn for no reason.
This staff is horrible and not curtious whatsoever.
I have been paying for 2 months when I haven't even been going there...they don't want to close my account because of a late fee which I didn't deserve.
They don't care they only want your money.
(luckly I cancelled my bank account they can't take anything from me :) Do not go here I only went here because they closed Pure fitness :(

called at 11:52 pm the phone rang rang and then I got a busy signal.
No answering machine.
I tried again, double checked to ensure I was dialing the correct number.
I was, still no answer at all.
It says LA is opened up to 12 midnight ok so why are the phones not working?

I've only been going to this gym for about a month, but it's basically what you'd expect.
It's big, it's flashy, and it's fairly cheap.
Yes, it's a bit crowded.
Yes, the personal trainers harass you to sign up with them when you're just there to work out.
Yes, they try to tack on additional silly charges such as towel rental and the right to reserve racquetball courts.
The classes are fine, the equipment is plentiful, and it's clean enough.
Honestly, it's what I'd expect from a big, impersonal establishment.
"Good enough," is what I say.

My husband and I recently signed up and I really like this location.
There are tons of classes that are included in the membership.
I've tried yoga, pilates, Zumba and aqua fit so far and have really enjoyed all of them.
It helps prevent me from getting bored with the gym.
I would recommend this location, but check to see if your employer has a pre-negotiated rate with them.
I was able to sign up online and  didn't have to deal with sales.
We walked in, got our key tags and were on our way.
YAY!

Huge fan of the 8pm yoga classes during the week.
The 11am class on Sunday should be labeled as Power Yoga, it is not a traditional yoga class and is really intense.

I cant believe its taken me this long to sit down and write a review on LA Fitness, ESPECIALLY the location at Dobson and Warner.
I do think that the past two years and many different locations have given me a reasonable depth of perception from which to draw upon for the purpose of this review.
AMENITIES: They have just about everything one could expect from a big ass gym.
Two of most machines, a shitton of treadmills and bikes, and a spin room, aerobics room with heavy bags, etc etc.
Bathroom arrangement is odd but not a biggie, and is usually clean.
Cleanliness definitely varies by location, but im focusing on the Chandler gym.
The main floor is kept reasonably clean and since im not a germophobe it doesnt bother me that employees arent following everyone with bleach and rags.
Amenities are fine, 4 stars cuz some pps like more Oly lifting stuff which would be nice.
Equipment: Enough machines and free weights for all but the most packed hours, which is cool.
BUT...BUT...Try complaining about a piece of equipment.
Go for it.
I used to use the decline situp bench a lot.
I would incorporate some lateral movements to hit obliques.
Until the fucker collapsed on me and damn near gave me a heart attack.
The adjustment holes are so "wallered" out they look like peanuts and are damn near touching.
An OBVIOUS safety concern.
So i immediately brought it to the attention of a staff member who dutifully noted the equip number and assured me it would be taken care of.
Hop on a few weeks later like hmm, doesnt look new but hey fuckit i need to hit these abs yo.
Collapsed.
Same problem.
Same "resolution".
This piece of equipment has been there for over a year in this condition and ive brought it up as high as the OP MGR.
without it being replaced.
Some of their equipment is busted and needs pads replaced, etc.
however over time you see every other machine getting serviced except the ones that actually need it.
riduculous.
STAFF: Hit and miss, mostly miss.
I got chewed out for stretching with my 4 yr old on the mats with no equipment remotely close posing a threat.
OK, cool, i get it.
but not really, and not with that attitude.
Funny, cuz i see staff's kids running amok there, on top of counters, etc.
Not to mention the 12 year olds running around on machines they have absolutely no idea how to use, and when supervised, getting taught how to cause permanent back problems by their tee ball coach or w/e.
staff staff staff.
OK.
I love Los Favs.
dude, Mexican food is my shit!!
carne asada for daaaayss.
But I do not want to smell those onions and grease when I walk into the front door to get my swell on and see one of the sales staff straight grubbin at the front desk bullshittin with the desk girl about giving each other herps or somesuch nonsense.
Scan my fuckin card and treat me like you actually want my money.
The staff, esp operational staff are lazy and unprofessional and left their smiles at home apparently.
Its not always bad, like I said, but its a pattern and is unacceptable.
HON.
MENTIONS: Winston (sales, who transferred but still works out there occasionally) is a beast and an asset to the company.
Yeah, hes a salesman, but he knows how to smile and give recognition to customers.
Hispanic milfy trainer: you are an inspiration to womens booties.
Eye candy and always has a good attitude.
New dorky lookin sales guy Joe T.  I always see this dude smilin and reaching out to customers.
Good lookin out dude keep it up.
Floor vacuuming chick: idk how the hell you do it but im pretty sure you hit the entire floor in less than 2 hrs and youre never underfoot which is appreciated

being there only twice,  the  crew was very helpful ,  and help me a lot,  i  think the Gym is  great,  big place,  i also  went in the morning   , so it was not  busy, witch is great.
i also think the place is  very clean,    i  was checking out fitness work before,  around my house,  and  honestly the place was nasty !
so  LA Fitness i  think its great .

I'm very frustrated with this gym.
The trainers have been hanging around the checkin counter pressuring people to complete a fitness assessment so that they can sell them personal training sessions.
As a member, I know those services are available, and if I want to participate I will ask.
I don't appreciate being hounded while trying to enter the club to workout.
I hope that this stops soon or I will have to seriously consider switching gyms.

I've been a longtime member of Bally's and later LA Fitness among various fitness clubs over the past decade.
Since relocating to the Phx area, I took up membership at LA's Chandler (S. Tempe) location.
Having enjoyed the Chandler locations cleanliness, crowd and excellent pilates and other core group classes, I never felt in-sync or a genuine interest from the training/management staff.
Infact, just the opposite, I have experienced curt, condescending and rude behavior if unwilling to partake in paid training sessions or agree with fitness "facts" taken out of context.
In due time, I moved 3mi north of Dobson Rd., and was never pleased with the state of the Tempe location nor the student athletes which frequent it.
Still, simply wanting a workout, I would frequent Tempe for quick workouts close to home and Chandler for classes.
Fortunate for the Chandler location, it's great classes and cleanliness keep members returning despite a few of it's arrogant and condescending staff trainers.

I have got to say that every class I have taken is top notch!!
The instructors really care about your health and fitness here and don't just show up as an obligation.
You can see the passion they display in each workout!
My stand out instructors are Trena (Yoga and Bodyworks), Kathryn (Spin and Bodyworks), and Robby!
Robby is AMAZING!
His bootcamp is like a bootcamp you would pay $100 for monthly except it's included in your membership!
His class alone is worth the monthly rate!
I admit the machines need some TLC, but other than that, I absolutely LOVE the classes!

Oh, Dear....try and get out of a contract with LA Fitness.
You can't do it at the club, you have to either go on line and get the form, or take your membership card into the club and they will...wait for it....wait for it....print it off so YOU CAN MAIL it in.
Somehow, I think when I mail this, I will do it certified and registered so I know they actually received it.
What a bunch of bunk!

