This has been my go-to mani/pedi spot for 6 years now.
It's nothing fancy, but it's clean, friendly and they do a good job.
They are great at remembering your name and ask about the kids...just super friendly.
I only get regular manicures, but I hear their gels are great.
Also there is cute little kid chairs, so you can take your little mini-you to get their nails done.
My daughter LOVES going.
So yeah...I'm a fan.

Salon is hit or miss depending on who does your nails.
Last time that I went one nail wasn't even completely polished and the ends had not been filed smooth.
They are cheap but you get what you pay for.

Had a gel polish manicure with Helen.
25 bucks.
and she did a Great job!
I was referred here by 3 office mates.
Helen also speaks English pretty well :) It looks like the salon may have fairly recently had a facelift and looks nice, though as someone else said, not fancy.
Helen also told me if you come in for a gel polish, they soak off your old gel polish FOR FREE.

I started going to Darling Nails two and a half years ago.
I love it.
I have now introduced my family and they love it too!

Great price for excellent service.
Not the most upscale shop, but the staff is always friendly and remembers you.

I'm glad others have had good experiences here because I sure did not.
I went in to get my nails done for a special occasion.
I was so disappointed.
My nails were not smooth, 2 were on crooked and the owners didn't seem to really care that much that I was not satisfied.
Besides the language barrier, they didn't seem to understand that my nails were not on straight.
I wanted them nice and long for my special occasion but due to the screw up, I ended up with short stubby nails.
I have friends who go to the salon but there nails do not last as long as mine do from the place I go now and my friends who have their nails done here have had nails break, something I've never had.
I won't go back and give them the chance to screw up my nails again.
One thing, they are cheap.
But then you get what you paid for too.
If I want nice nails that last longer than a few days or a week, I go elsewhere.
There nails are cheap, but they aren't worth the hassle.

I've gone to darling nails for about 7 years now and the quality of service has dropped dramatically in the past year.
Nails break, loud environment, and late appointments.
However, they do remember your name, any personal aspects you share, and how you like your nails done.

