I started out here with some Indian guy.
I can't remember his name and he was ok.
I'm pretty phobic of the dentist and he made me cry.
literally.
Went back yesterday for a cleaning and some real work.
Dr. Joe transferred to the Chandler office from another location.
He ROCKS!
He's young, hot, and he *sang* to me when the work was going on forever.
"Just a small town girl....Living in a lonely world...She took the midnight train going anywhere"   He asked if I was doing OK many times and you could tell he was actually bothered a bit when it was hurting.
The missing star is because the office is a bit dated and boring.
But Hey!
The super fancy, beautiful dentist offices are usually much more expensive.

Left them a message to make an appointment--no return call.
Went to the Tempe office instead, which was awesome!

Bought a groupon for teeth cleaning.
Called to make my appt and got a lot of attitude from the front desk.
Apparently she only knew about an earlier groupon.
They wanted X-rays but said if I got my old ones from my dentist I wouldn't have to be xrayed.
Wasted my first appt running for X-rays as the 5 minutes I used up trying to get the number for Las Tiendas Dental ate in to the appt time.
They had no intention of cleaning my teeth and make you keep coming back.
Rediculous waste of time and a lot of attitude I don't need.
Came back with the X-rays for a second appt.
They said they weren't clear enough and still would not clean my teeth which was all I wanted in the first place.
Got my money back for the groupon.
I wouldn't go there if it was free.
The front desk person has the most horrible attitude I have ever seen.
Suffice to say they will waste a lot of time....YOURS!

I decided to switch to Sunwest Dental this year after having a horrible experience at another dentist.
The past dentist I went to had a very upscale office and brand new, advanced equipment.
However, I learned after I had spent too much money and was in too much pain, that they had just swindled me.
Sunwest Dental does not have the latest equipment (actually looks like its from the 90s) or the most updated office, but they use what works and don't spend their money trying to impress and scam clients.
I trust the dentists here and I feel like they actually care about me.
Pricing is fair too.

Absolutely loved this dentist!
He was really thorough and spent a lot or time talking dental stuff.
I thought since I had a groupon I might not get the same service as a regular patient (I really just wanted the teeth bleach) but I actually had my teeth cleaned and will go back to get my cavities filled.
Oh and I don't have insurance so they gave me their own insurance plan for FREE.
Huge discount on my appointment.

Went there after not going to the dentist for about two years.
The Dentist and staff were so friendly and helpful.
I have a phobia about getting my teeth cleaned but they really put my fears at ease.
Did not have to wait a long time, prompt appointment time.
Will be back to get my regular cleanings and will tell my family and friends to go there too!
Dr. Sampang is a great dentist and even fixed a chip on my other tooth to make it look new again.

I actually did my externship here while in college (I had gone for Dental Assisting but in the end, it just wasn't for me) with Dr. Joe Osdieck, who ended up becoming my personal dentist as well.
His chairside manner is amazing!
He is also a great guy personally...so imagine my shock and sadness when he broke the news to me he was moving to Tucson to do his pediatric residency for 3 years!
Along came his friend, Dr. Cameron Blythe, who was just as good a dentist.
Enjoyed having him for my dentist as well.
He did my gold crown and also set me up with prescription sensitive toothpaste since i have such sensitive teeth.I really like how he takes time with each patient to fully answer questions, check out their teeth, and just spread sunshine to a patient's day.
All the staff here are great and I am a happy patient.

