This is the WORST OBGYN in the valley!
This place doesn't even deserve one star.
Terrible.
Just terrible.
This place pre-bills you for your pregnancy.
We received a bill in the mail for over $1000.
This was after we had only been to our first appointment.
They will estimate how much you will owe for your pregnancy then bill you.
Nothing like paying for services that you have not even gotten yet.
Every time we have gone there we have seen someone different.
There are so many people working there that you will never see the same person.
It's very impersonal.
Everyone in the office works set schedules.
We would give them dates that we could make follow up appointments and the assistant that we just saw would be off and we would have to make an appointment with another assistant.
You will not see a "doctor" unless they have to prescribe something that the assistants can't prescribe.
All you will see is assistants.
Don't even bother calling the office if you have a question or a concern.
You would get more compassion and a better answer from the nurse giving the flu shot at the local Wal-Mart.
They will not even take your medical history into account when prescribing medication.
They prescribed my wife a medicine that she can't even take.
When we called the office to get something else, they told her that she would have to come back in to get another prescription.
Nothing like spending more money for another visit for their mistake.
This office does not care about the patient.
All they care about is whether you are going to make a payment or not.
This place should go public, because all they care about is making money... At least their shareholders would be happy.
BEWARE.
BEWARE.
Don't say I didn't warn you.

Go here if you want to be pushed through the system with no respect to you.
Cold is a good word for it.
I didn't get to see a doctor until the fifth visit.
When I did he looked more at my chart than he did at me.
We waited for him for a long time, and he was with us for a short time.
He seemed eager to leave, and didn't bother asking us if we had any questions.
This is our first pregnancy and we did have questions.
Questions we wrote down specifically to ask our doctor.
But he skedaddled out of the room so quick, all my husband and I could do was find our way back to reception.
The receptionists CONSTANTLY ask you if you want to pay your bill.
We tell them, not today we have a plan for our bills.
But every time we go we are hounded for the money.
The visits before the one with the doctor were just okay.
We felt very pushed through the system.
I didn't feel like anybody gave a crap about me.
And here I was excited and curious.
Not just that but all they do is bark orders at you.
Leave a urine sample.
Go to Lab Corp. Be back in four weeks.
I constantly feel like a bad student being punished.
I was immediately turned off by this place, but we waited it out until we met with a doctor.
Dr. Partridge.
We should have left the first day.
We found another place that's less conveniently located, but was recommended by a friend.
We have hope that it will be even slightly better.
That being said, the individuals in reception, billing, and even the PA's and WHCNP's were fine.
Not outstanding, but perfectly acceptable.
It's the whole experience that makes me so angry and happy to be leaving.
The one we went to was actually on Frye Rd.
I think it might have moved, unless I am mistaken in which case I apologize.

I am 25 weeks and 3 days pregnant.I had a scheduled appointment on June 3rd at 3:50pm with Dr. Iacovelli.
I was very excited because I have loved having her as my doctor in the past.
I had the time and date written on a reminder card, it was written in my calendar, and I received a courtesy call the day before.
I arrived at 3:43pm and when I walked into the office I was extremely caught off guard.
The reception area was completely dry walled and closed off and the staff was sitting in the waiting room with Ipads just waiting for patients.
It was extremely awkward and claustrophobic.
One of the medical staff asked if I had an appointment.
I said yes and told her my name and appointment time.
She rudely told me, "sorry, you don't have an appointment".
I told her yes I did and that I had it written on a reminder card and I received a courtesy call last night.
She continued to tell me I was wrong and that I did not have an appointment.
I then pulled my phone out of my purse and played my voicemail message from the courtesy call on speaker for the staff to hear.
After hearing the message with my appointment date and time, she continued to treat me like I was wrong but said she would squeeze me in with another provider.
She took me back into the exam room and did the routine things.
I went to the bathroom to leave a urine sample, as I was walking back to the exam room, I heard a staff member yell at the front staff and tell them, "get back in the waiting room!
I don't want to see you in here again unless its for a bathroom break!
" I then waited for the provider.
The provider (I think the staff said her name was Bonelli?
and that she was a NP) was very prompt in seeing me.
The first thing she said was, "wow you haven't been in here in a long time".
I proceeded to explain that I was seen at the hospital 3 weeks ago and I had to reschedule my appointment and this was the soonest they could schedule me.
She was very cold and rude.
She measured my belly to see how my baby was growing.
I asked her if the baby was measuring big or small and she just ignored me.
She then went on to tell me that I was extremely overweight and needed to stop eating so much.
I weighed 155 before pregnancy and weighed 166 today at the appointment.
At the end of the appointment she was very sarcastic and asked, "if I schedule you to come back in 4 weeks are you ACTUALLY going to come?
And on the right day?
" I felt very disrespected and like I was a liar even though I had shown proof of when my appointment was scheduled.
When the staff came into the room to schedule my upcoming appointment she entered my appointment under the wrong name but realized at the end and she started laughing and said, "woops I scheduled you as someone else!
You would have come in again when you didn't have a scheduled appointment!
" I left and got in my car and instantly burst into tears.
I have been coming to this office since I had my first son in 2011 and feel like this office has gone from the best Doctor's office I have ever been to, to a nazi corporate impersonal Doctor's office.
If I were not as far into my pregnancy as I already am, I would never come back.

If I could give this negative ratings, I would.
The PA forced the speculum in and did not allow me to ask questions.
When I complained, the office manager insisted that the PA was well-liked and couldn't believe I had a bad experience.
Then, when I asked to be transferred to the Tempe Mom Doc location, they ok'd it, but didn't tell me I would have to be processed as a new patient.
I only found out the day I tried to schedule my IUD insertion.
Lo and behold, no same day spots available for new patients.
These people are the rudest, most incompetent, callous "practitioners" I've ever had the displeasure of seeing.
GO ELSEWHERE.

I went for a yearly check up and apparently, you are not allowed to ask questions.
If you ask any questions they charge extra (in my case,over $300!
), which of course was not communicated to me at the time.
Now my appointment that should have been covered by insurance I'm having to pay a sizeable amount out of pocket.
When I called the billing office to find out why I was charged the extra fee I was told they charge the extra fee if you need a prescription for birth control too.
Having been to a gyno for 16 years I've never been charged for asking questions or needing a birth control script.
The visit with the doctor itself was nothing special, the doctor was mildly friendly tho somewhat frazzled.
It was also a bit odd that they do not have a front desk, just assistants with tablets who sit in the waiting area and approach you as you enter to check you in.
I had previously gone to the Maricopa office and had NO problems.
I will not be returning.

If I had the option to give no stars that would be my first choice, but unfortunately I will have to give them this one.
This is by far the worst medical office I have ever been to.
For starters, they have medical assistants,  untrained in front office policies and insurance, working the front office (via iPads) and discussing patient sensitive matter in front of the entire waiting room.
On multiple visits I have witnessed multiple hippa violations (one major being the time they asked me to recite my social security number in front of another patient checking out) on different occasions.
Unfortunately for them, because of my profession, I am completely up to date on HIPPA regulations and plan to file an official complaint through the .gov website.
I will never return to this office again nor will I refer.
Thought I would branch out and give a public practice a try but never again.
Private practices would NEVER treat a patient the way I was treated here.
Don't bother booking, they'll more than likely ask you to come in early just to let you know they won't see you when you're two minutes late.
Ridiculous.

The care I received here was satisfactory.
My complaint is every time I have called, I am on hold for AT LEAST 10 solid minutes.
The vibe is a little aloof.
The only person who has been helpful is Martha in billing.
Thanks Martha!
You are bringing the place up a notch.

DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!
They discriminate.
Friends of mine were turned away with no help because of the fact that they are a same sex couple.
What century do we live in again!?
DO NOT support this business.

