Back in April I had major issues with my A/C Compressor and Serpentine belt.
They fixed these issues at a fair market rate, according to a few references and reviews I'd read online.
Now on Oct 19th I had the exact same problem, I dropped of on my way to work, and worried about the bil.
I got my warranty through them the first time, making the trip absolutely FREE!!
Car runs great again, ice cold A/C, and the power steering is smoother than it has ever been.
Thanks Guys!!
Ryan

I have to be completely fair and say that, I would have given them 5 stars had, the manager not try to give me a quote that was utterly ridiculous.
I went in for just a simple brake job, including ONLY new pads!
Somehow my drums needed to be replaced and a whole heap of other stuff had to be done.
I was highly upset, but, Thanks to the Front Desk Guy, I was helped and he saved me a ton of cash by showing me the deals and urging me to stick to my budget and the purpose of my visit.

Nobody likes to hear that awful screeching from your breaks going out on the car...all I hear is money...leaving my wallet.
I stopped into Brake Masters and the guys were all very helpful.
They did a complimentary brake inspection.
It turned out that my front brakes were completely worn out.
I didn't have time to get them fixed that day so they gave me a printed quote and told me to come back asap.
I returned two days later and they remembered me and my car right away.
I dropped the car off and they called a few hours later saying it was ready.
They honored the original price quote and actually gave me a discount.
They never tried to sell me anything extra.
Thanks guys for making this a great experience.

Man, this place cost me a ton of money and did crappy work.
The brakes they use are metal, so the crud on my wheels was nasty and the life of the brakes was fleeting.
When they would fix one thing, lo and behold something else needed to be fixed.
Mainly my fuel pump, which caused my car to have major start issues once replaced.
The fuel pump was because my gas guage suddenly stopped working after they had replaced my struts.
They could never get my tires balanced.
I regret the money they took from me and think about 1/2 the work they did on my car was not necessary.

The first time I went to BrakeMasters in Chandler on Dobson and Chandler Boulevard, my dad suggested that I call them.
I had already called a couple of other places for a quote on work I needed done ASAP, but since my dad was going to help out with travel, the store was near him and he usually puts a place through the paces before giving it his stamp of approval, I called.
The quote I got was $80 less than any other place - without even telling them about any other quotes.
They got the work done in just over an hour.
My husband and I have had to take our vehicles in a few times since then, the quotes have always been good, the manager always has a ready discount or coupon to add to help out and they do what they can to make sure that you are able to get the repairs that you need, if they can add a discount, they do.
They will even take you into the bay and show you exactly what needs to be repaired and why, so that you can see for yourself.
They do drop offs and pick ups for longer jobs - in a manner and distance far superior to any dealerships I've used.
Last week, when my husband got home from work and had some whining and squeaking, they said to bring the car over ... they prepared a free estimate on the car, even though they were not able to get started until closing time - they stayed an extra hour to finish my inspection and other customers' vehicles who were already there.
The kind of customer service delivered by this BrakeMasters is rarely found in business today; they give service like I do in my business ... with fairness, concern for the customer, and sensitivity about costs.
They do business in a manner designed to generate customer loyalty and referrals for the long term, rather than gouging or trying to make as much as they can on every repair; they don't try to take advantage of the customer's need for a repair.
They have earned my loyalty!

Thank you Brake Masters for making a horrible experience into a pleasant experience.
I visited the Dobson & Chandler Blvd location #169 on February 17, 2014 to have my brakes checked.
Unfortunately the wait was longer than expected and I left without getting any service whatsoever.
I was not pleased!
I expressed my thoughts on social media how dissatisfied I was and within a matter of time, Mr. Huy Nguyen (area manager~East Phoenix) made a personal phone call to me.
He listened to my concerns and Mr. Nguyen asked if Brake Masters could have the opportunity to regain my confidence and allow Brake Masters another chance to service my car.
Mr. Nguyen offered to meet me at the location and I fully agreed to allow Brake Masters to service my car.
After speaking/meeting Mr. Nguyen, he truly takes pride in ensuring customer satisfaction is met as well as supporting the integrity of Brake Masters.
I was very impressed he took the time to listen to me and he did not make excuses.
He expressed customer satisfaction, professionalism and customer feedback is a top priority.
He was very sincere and truthful!
I would personally like to thank Mr. Nguyen, Greg (assistant manager) and staff for turning a horrible experience into a positive and pleasant one.
Thanks for making things right!

Went to Brake Masters today to get a simple brake fluid flush on my wife's 4runner as it had a bit of a spongy pedal.
When I arrived Steve greeted me and checked me in.
The tech took it for a test drive to verify the concern.
Took my other vehicle for a car wash and came back 15 minutes later and they were already lowering it from the lift.
We drove home.
The pedal felt much better, but noticed a funny noise coming from the front end.
When I got home I looked under the vehicle and there was brake fluid all over the wheel wells, the control arms and the inside of the tires.
They also managed to get my headlight dirty.
I immediately called Steve to let him know and he apologized and told me to bring it in the morning so they can clean it up.
Not Acceptable!
A simple flush turned into a mess.
I had to power wash the whole front end because their tech did not pay attention to detail.
Makes me wonder if they are capable of doing bigger jobs.
I was a tech at a dealership and just took it because I was on a time crunch.
You definitely get what you pay for!
No thanks never again....
I also do have pictures that I took of the mess in case anyone would like to see.

