it's really hard to write a review for a great clips.
basically it comes down to the person doing the cutting and styling.
I do like the staff at this one location.. well, most of the staff.
what I do not like about most great clips, is that they always ask for phone number.
I almost never have my own cell phone as I use a company phone most times.
I also don't have a home phone.
over the years i have accumulated many numbers and though I've been to the same place for 10 years now, when there are new staff, they always ask me if I'm new there.
anyways, long story short, its the luck of the draw with your stylist, but most I don't mind.

wow, this lady Angelica.
She asked me what I wanted and did the opposite.
Good thing I look good with short hair.
She asked if I wanted my hair short and spiked.
I said no and asked her to leave the top so I can slick my hair back.
I have short spiked hair now.

OMG!
I've been going to this location for a little over a year with no issues and good results.
Went there yesterday and didn't recognize any of the 'hair cutters' that were there.
All I needed was about an inch off the top and trimmed around the ears and neck.
So Kelly makes a couple angled cuts in the middle of my head and trims the back, stands back and says "how's that".
I said "take a little more off the top".
WAY big mistake.
She took a couple big chops off the top, buzzed around the ears and I was done.
I knew this was going to be ugly.
Went home took a shower and my wife and son said "what the heck happened to your hair".
Had to run over to Arizona Hair where Eric repaired the mess caused by Kelly at Great Clips.
Never again will I step foot in another Great Clips and stay away from Kelly at this location.

Decent haircuts, affordable pricing.
They always cut your hair shorter than you ask!
Staff seems miserable, except the one guy who is chatty.
I don't mind someone quiet cutting my hair, I really don't need to chat while getting my hair cut.
Overall 3/5.

Friendly staff

Ok - I don't get my hair cut here but the boy does.
It's a in/out hair place so don't expect something from a salon or barber.
While the wait was a little longer than expected(20 mins) they did advertise you could check-in online so you didn't have to wait.
The hair dressers were very friendly and pretty quick.
Good job on a hair cut at a budget price.
Not much you can complain about.
For guys - fast/ efficient way to get groomed.
Next time we will be trying the online check-in though.

The faces change a bit more often than i'd like (not sure I've seen the same face more than twice) but fair prices and pretty good results have kept me coming back so long as I live close.

Their computer is down today, every one was checked in manually upon arrival.
As it turned out they failed to check me in and you guessed it, when I brought it to their attention when they started taking customers who checked in after me for haircuts they then checked me in, back of the line.
I asked if I had to wait at the end of the list or was I next.
The lady said I was next...not even an apology....BAD!!!
You guessed it, someone else was called and my feet walked out of their store with my cash.
I won't be back...ever!!!
You gotta be kidding!!

Always treated well here.
Service is fast and friendly.
They have always gone a fine job with my hair and my son's

