How come this place has not been reviewed?
This place is the quintessential dive bar.
It was very dark on the walk in, but I heard that the parking lot had a power outage.
The bar was cool, as  I really enjoy dive bars that have bar games.
They have Wii there too so we had fun bowling all night.
It was easy to make friends and soon we had a few 21 and up ladies hanging out.
The bartenders were cool too, although one of the bartenders took forever to get drinks.
She seemed to have a very forgetful memory.
That is ok though, as it just may have been a bad night for her.
It was still a good night for us, and if the vibe is as good as it was last night, I don't see why I wont go back often.
I hear on saturdays they have karaoke too, so if you like that sort of thing they say that is the place to do it.

I have never had a bad time at this bar.
We have gone to Saturday night karaoke quite a few times.
They host is awesome and always keeps the night moving along nicely.
They supposedly stop karaoke at 1am, but I've never seen that be enforced stringently.
They bar tenders are cool and can make a pineapple upside down cake shot and the drinks are cheap.
The crowd is pretty friendly, so there is lots of chatting with strangers.
And the nice strangers to creepy weirdos ratio is very high.
I would say probably 10:1.
Only downside is the sound is hit or miss (usually too low) and there isn't often a power outage in the parking lot and the regular lights are quite bright.
Still a great time to be had even in quiet brightness.

This place is growing on me!
A few more visits and it'll be like my Cheer's Bar.
Always cool people here (none of this stuck up Snotsdale crap) and all the bartenders are cool here too.
They have bar games such as darts (4 machines) and about another 4 or 5 pool tables.
They also have karaoke a few nights a week with a pretty decent selection.
I hear their wings are bomb and HUGE as in they somehow have access to mutant chickens with big muskles (yes, muskles).
OOOOH!
And how can I forget!
THEY SERVE FREE POPCORN!!!
They make it fresh there so don't assume it's stale like I did.
Anyhow, if you see me there, don't hesitate to stop by and say WASSSUUUUUPPPP!
And if you're a lady and see me there, don't hesitate to stop by and give me a hug :)   ***Da BAfroom: Holy Moly!
TWO BAFFFFROOMS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE?!?!
GET THE EFFFFF OUTTA HERE!
In such a small location, they have 2 restrooms!
Actually, this place isn't really that small.
Alright, so I'll break this down for you so it's easier to swallow.
The main restrooms are on the bar side; for him and for her.
In the other room where the pool tables are there's a co-ed bathroom (yes, yes) AND the only place for males to take care of any sit-down duties (or dooties).
Also, for the men: we need to keep in mind this is the only place for us to puke our guts out if we get to that point so lets be clean about it when we use this room for the convenience factor.
I'm just thinking ahead but not from personal experience... yet.
In conclusion, both restrooms have the same interior design which is nicely done and has a pleasant aroma lingering throughout.
I believe the hand soap is good smelling foam stuff too...

A Dive  Cold cheap domestic beer in a strip mall dive.
Nuff said.

Average and rude female bartender who believes she's Megan Fox due to what appears to be a $1000.00 breast augmentation.
Regulars who get hammered and give you the stink eye because you're either not a regular or aren't blue collar enough for their liking.
I've seen at least 4 fights happen both inside the bar and outside in the parking lot; security is nil.
It's difficult to discern between those who are high on booze and high on something else.
If you want to get hammered and look over your shoulder all night, Priceless is your bar.
It's only fair to post that aside from the aforementioned bartender, the rest of the staff was very engaging and friendly.

Best staff you'll come across.
Neighborhood friendly.
Good people.
MUCH Better than typical bar food.
Billiards and darts a plenty!
Ice cold taps.
I recommend"racer IPA".
Super cute bartenders!

Great spot whether we're watching a football / baseball game or just hanging out.
Friendly staff, ice cold beer, great service and good "bar" food.
I recommend the wings or the Monday tacos.
Jackie & Felita during the days are fantastic!

Great staff, and fantastic beer selection!
Lot's of very friendly regular's that make you feel welcome.

Above average neighborhood/dive bar.
Knowledgable bar tenders, good selection of standard and craft beers.
The menu is standard bar fare, plus a few healthy options, well prepared and reasonably priced.
Possible off menu offerings if the cook isn't swamped.
A mellow crowd and moderate music volume allowing conversation.
They have a nice pool table section and screened in smoking permitted patio.

The perfect dive bar.
Stiff drinks desirable staff with knowledgeable staff.
Stop in enjoy yourself its a good place.

