Awesomely delicious rice bowl place.
The teriyaki chicken rice bowl, ordered light on the sauce, is particularly good, as is the orange chicken rice bowl.
I accidentally left my keys here once.
The proprietor was kind enough to hold them for me until I later realized and returned to retrieve them.

I just LOVE this place.
The food is really good for cheap Japanese food.
Much better than the other place across the street.
The gentleman that is always at the counter is very very nice.
If I want cheap Japanese, this is the place to go.

I discovered this place about 3 years ago and I've been coming back ever since.
I love the little old man who is usually there to take your order, he is so happy and positive, and because of that I always leave a tip.
I eat in and take out often.
My favorite is the teriyaki chicken and house rice!!
The house rice is the best I've ever had, I don't know what they do, but it's amazing!

I've been in this place before over the years and always had a good experience.
The man who runs it is so very nice and welcoming and cheerful (and sometimes flattering!).
Tonight I was just looking for a place that was open after 9pm, when most non-chain places seem to close.
I skirted in here just beforehis  9:30pm closing and ordered a "House Fried Rice" with shrimp, beef and chicken, small size.
It was still warm when I got back to my daughter's apartment and I dove right it.
It was the best fried rice I'd had in a long time, not gummy like some, not too salty like some, just right, and only $6.
It was more than enough and I couldn't finish it so I'll have leftovers for tomorrow.
I'm sure glad I made it there in time.
I recommend this small Mom and Pop place.
It's been here for years.

Another strip mall gem.
The Zombie Girl and I hit Tokyo House after finding it reviewed here.
It completely lives up to the hype.
The owner is the coolest dude you'd ever want to serve you a meal.
He's got a ton of personality, is polite to a fault, and obviously loves what he does.
There is a large selection of stuff on the menu, all at ridiculously low prices.
I opted for a simple Teriyaki chicken bowl while the Zombie Girl dined on Yakisoba.
The food was fresh and awesome.
I also ordered a Mountain Dew, which the owner read back as "Dew from a mountain", awesome!
I returned for lunch the next day and had sweet & sour pork.
Again, everything fresh and flaming hot, obviously not pulled from under a heat lamp.
Went with a "dew from a mountain" again, of course.
Looking forward to trying more stuff.
Brak bestows Tokyo House with his coveted 5-star rating, with a supplemental 6th star for the smiling, friendly service.

Wow!
This is a great little Japanese hole-in-the-wall that seems to specialize in quality take-out.
When Brak and I walked in, the place was empty and I was ready to be disappointed, despite of the other reviews.
The menu had a ton of cooked food (teriyaki, yakisoba, donburi, etc.
), and as a sushi eater, I wasn't quite sure what to pick.
When I asked what one item meant, the man at the counter (the owner?
) said the book would help...and handed me a small photo album with photos of quite a few of the menu items.
It was funny and effective.
I was surprised how busy the place is.
While I was deciding what to order (3-4 minutes), the phone rang at least three times for take-out.
In the half-hour I was in the dining area, at least 15 people picked up orders or sat down for a meal.
It appears that they have a strong following, well-earned if the food I had was typical.
I ordered a small shrimp yakisoba and a soda.
The taste was good, and even the small order was a huge amount of food.
Our orders were really pretty quickly, but it didn't seem like the food was pre-made and sitting on warmers.
The service was also really good; I got a kick out of the owner.
He was genuinely interested in how we liked our meals.
I suggest this place for a simple, cheap dinner and would definitely visit again.

Quick, tasty, and inexpensive rice bowls.
It's a good quick fix for when I'm having my Yoshinoya withdrawals.
They don't have the same type of beef bowls, but their house beef is good also.
It comes with a lot of mushrooms, more mushrooms than meat, but I like it that way.
The little Chinese man here is super friendly.
I usually order take out and he always offers me a cup for water while I am waiting.

THE BEST Orange Beef on the planet.
Guaranteed.

Super owner who loves his customers, I saw this bitch in there giving him a hard time while I was there and I wanted to rip into her.
Now where else would you see customers so protective of a local restaurant owner if it weren't so good?
Best orange chicken ever, the sauce actually tingles your tongue and it doesn't taste generic.
His wife actually uses real oranges and it is so refreshing.
The miso soup is so good and filling as are their rice bowls.
They use very beautiful pearl rice in their rice bowls not just regular long-grain rice here.
The Japanese very much value the quality of the rice and it shows here.
The owner asked me specifically if the food was good because as he put it to my partner, "I always ask the woman if the food is good because they would know better about good quality food.

The best spicy teriyaki chicken I have ever eaten!
The place looks deceiving, but produces excellent food and the staff is friendly.

I am going to be the party-pooper here and say that my visit was only so-so.
My brother and I both ordered here and neither of us finished our meals.
Maybe... we just weren't that hungry.
With that said, maybe I just don't know good (real) Asian food when I have it in my mouth?
This could be the case... or my brother and I both got bad batches.
After all, we did stumble in about 15 minutes before they were closing (which generally doesn't make the cooks happy).
The owner however was super nice.
Actually, absurdly nice.
He had a demeanor that had us both walking out going... "could that guy be any more calm?
" Seriously though, I've never met someone so peaceful.
Seeing as how we had never been there the owner also whipped out a little picture book with all the stuff they serve.
It was nice for us two un-cultered folks.
With all this said, would I go again?
Not really unless I was right there and someone else wanted to go.

I went here based on the other yelp reviews.
The lemon chicken bowl I had was tasty and cheap, and yes, like the other reviewers the Japanese owner put a smile on my face!
He just seems genuinely interested in every customer :).

The BEST in AZ...  Just go there.
I grew up in Seattle with really good teriyaki on every block.
Moving here was a shock.
This is as good as almost any teriyaki i've had in Seattle.
The owner is funny as hell too..

Great food and cheap too Owner answering the call in spanish was hilarious too  Finished my very generous portion of teriyaki chicken

I've been going here for 5 years!
I've tried Beef teriyaki, shrimp/veggie tempura, orange chicken, and beef broccoli..all are goood!!!!!
For 4 yrs I was only ordering the beef teriyaki bowl.
I've only tried the other stuff this year and I'm planning to try the other stuff on the menu.
My bf always gets the obento which he loves.
I'm not a big fan of katsu that's why I dnt usually get that.
The man that owns it (I think his name is Mr. Wong) is super duper nice!
I love coming here after a long and frustrating dat at work bc he's soo cheerful, positive and peaceful person that makes my frustration go away.

OK, yeah, everyone LOVES teriyaki, we know!
Well, don't so quickly dismiss the other absolutely AMAZING dishes served here!
It may look like a little pre-processed Japanese hole in the wall from the outside, but they're a die hard home-made mom and pop your mouth full of great food establishment!
I'd highly recommend trying the Katsu bowl!
You can hardly find ANY kind of Japanese katsu in AZ, yet they have an excellent one that's very traditional, but not too expensive!
I'd love to explain the mystique of this dish, but too many people think that fried egg with onions and leeks topped over a diced pork cutlet that's coated in panko bread crumbs is too strange to be palatable.
Well, to them I say you should educate your tongue, and expose it to some delicious culture!
There's also Orange chicken...
This dish is completely the bee's knees.
It easily and without remorse makes Panda Express look like a burnt out oil can that a homeless person decided to cook some chicken in over a pile of burning newspapers.
Their house beef?
Spicy garlic brown sauce and beef with mushrooms?
Heaven.
Simple and delicious.
And I haven't even mentioned their coup de grace yet.
Their fried rice might seem a little "heavy" on the surface as it's lightly fried with some garlic oil, but it outclasses all competitors.
Paired with their lightly fried shrimp, it's sweet garlic love.
Seriously, their fried rice is the Sean Connery of fried rices.
As I've been eating here for far longer than I'd like to admit, I'd have to say I might be a little biased.
But, for the great unique quality and cheap price, I guarantee you're not going to find any better in AZ!

I've been eating here for many years.
And the only thing I ever eat is the Chicken with vegetables.
It's delicious.
The people are friendly, the food is reasonably priced.
I always take out and have never dined in.
Nothing much bad to say about this place.
But I tend to like my food spicy, and they tend to be very stingy on giving away their chili pepper oil.
I swear to you I made myself four little containers of chili oil and set them on the counter to have the lady place them in the bag.
And when I came home there was only 2 in the bag.
If they really don't want to give their chili up maybe they should start charging, I would gladly pay so I don't feel guilty just cause I like my food a little spicier than most.
But overall I'd recommend this place.

Found this place from yelp and had to check it out based on the great reviews.
All I can say is wow!
This place is super yummy!
I have a new favorite!
Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed.
My only downfall was they don't accept Amex cards.

The little old man that works in the front is always so funny and nice to see every time we go in to order food.
The teryiaki chicken and the orange chicken is amazing so is the curry chicken but i ask for no onions every time and they never take it out.
the man always puts it in parenthesis and i guess it doesn't help?
Oh well.
I love this place regardless.
i want to try everything else to be adventurous and taste all the amazingness and once i try everything else i will post another review to update because every time i need certain reviews on certain things i can never find anyone to say anything about it.

Once again i have found an all time favorite dish at this fine establishment.
The House Chicken!
If you do not like mushrooms what so ever or do not care for spicy food i do not think this will appeal to you.
Oh my god it is out of this world!
I do not think i could consume it every day back to back but every other day or once a week would be my preference.
Its even amazing when its warm not burning hot temp.
wise.
I will edit this review and add in more as i try more on the menu to keep you all posted.
So for anyone who wants a little spice and kick in your mouth with yummy mushroom this is for you!

i moved to the tempe area about 2 weeks ago from socal, the mecca for asian restaurants.
since moving out here, my only taste for asian food has been panda express.
well, i was craving teriyaki last night but had no idea where to go so i did a search here.
tokyo house got a bunch of great reviews and everyone mentioned a cool old man behind the counter so i just had to check this place out.
as soon as i walked in the door, i was greeted by the old man...from across the joint, behind the counter, mind you.
he was SUPER nice and SUPER funny!
checked out the menu and the selection was a bit overwhelming!
they have every teriyaki dish available, and bunch of fried rice and noodle choices, and for those that like rabbit food, vegetable dishes.
i was a bit surprised though to not see gyoza or pot stickers on the menu...was bummed out about that.
i had a hard time deciding what to get but remembered Sarah W.'s review of the house chicken, so i went with that.
i went with a large order and let me tell you; if you're hungry, you definitely will be stuffed after a large order.
the dish was very tasty and delicious and was definitely overflowing with mushroom.
i love mushroom!
the house chicken is supposed to be spicy and although it had a little kick, it wasn't the "spicy" i was used to from asian joints in socal.
i wish it had a bit more rice, though.
either way, the dish was great!
i would definitely order it again!
i highly recommend this joint.
you will be treated well by the cool old man behind the counter, the place is clean, the servings are generous and the  price is cheap!

I'm so full of their good food right now that I can hardly sit and type this review.
My husband went to what I refer to as "nerd games" i.e.
Dominion etc.
so I decided not to cook and take my 15 and 2 year old out to grab some take out.
My daughter is an Asian food addict and I feel bad that I don't buy it that often so instead of the usual crap, I remembered that Tokyo House was right on the corner.
I'm SO glad we went.
We ordered the Orange Chicken, Orange Beef, House Fried Rice and Egg Rolls.
The food was DELICIOUS!!
The portions were huge.
We will have left overs to feed all four of us tomorrow.
You can taste the real orange flavor in the beef and chicken.
The house fried rice is the BEST rice ever.
I actually don't like rice but I would eat this every day.
It has huge shrimp, beef and chicken pieces.
Perfectly cooked and not too sticky or dry.
The food was piping hot even when we got home.
The owner is the sweetest, funniest and coolest old Asian man you will ever meet (besides my Sister's husband) :-)   It was beyond refreshing to have a cheerful and polite person greet you and chat with you in a restaurant.
Much better than the sullen, rude teenagers who are just glad to get you away from the counter or who are so fake and valley girl sounding you want to push them off a bridge.
I have lived within walking distance from Tokyo House for over 7 years and I'm SAD to say this is the first time I have gone.
I KICK myself for being so close to this GEM and not eating there.
I will be going back and bring friends and family too.

Fantastic Food and you can't beat the price!
Glad I found this place on yelp!
I have been about a mile from Tokyo house for over 6 years and just recently started coming year.
What a fantastic place and as the others have said, the guy who owns the place is really nice.
The food was awesome!
So far I have had their Teriyaki Chicken, Teriyaki Beef, Orange Chicken and House Beef..My favorite is the House beef, with an amazing sauce on the tender pieces of beef and mushrooms.
The rice they use is just great too and they coat the rice with the sauce so you are not eating bland rice throughout your meal.
I generally get a large meal for around $6.50, which usually lasts 2-meals and I can eat too.
The meals are big!
And the quality/price can't be beat....I am definitely going to be coming here regularly.

After living within walking distance of this neighborhood gem for 8 years I finally tried it one night after a long day at work (and coming across great reviews).
The place is clean and very basic.
The real delight is the little old man who seems to be at the counter every day.
He is so upbeat and friendly, and sharp as a tack.
This place has a very loyal following and I'd attribute that to him as much as the well priced and yummy food!
You can't beat the price and the portions are generous.
With all the places that are going under these days I am confident this neighborhood staple will be going strong for a good long time!

Good stuff!
Not that normal grease bucket Chinese food (a la Panda Express)!
I like the Tokyo Chicken, but the Teriyaki is really good, too.
The man who owns the place, Fu, is SUPER nice and always had a good attitude.
I don't think this guy can ever NOT be happy, he makes my day every time!
Good place and way cheap.
I like how you have the option to get white meat chicken, too.

I am very happy that I found this place.
I have been searching for a great rice bowl restaurant for a long time and I finally found the place!
However it's not just a rice bowl restaurant... they also have a whole menu of Chinese/Japanese dishes.
We went for lunch and ordered the chicken teriyaki rice bowl combo, which comes with an egg roll or salad and a soda!
We were stuffed and it was only $14!
Even though other yelpers were recommending other dishes, I decided to play it safe with the chicken teriyaki bowl.
The chicken teriyaki was fresh and piping hot!
And they put just the right amount of teriyaki sauce on the bowl.
My fellow yelpers got this one right!
Excellent food, excellent prices!
I can't wait to go back!

This place is why i use yelp, amazing fresh food and great atmosphere.
It's not a date place it's the cheers of takeaways.

I've been coming here for years!
My absolute favorite place!

Best Spicy Teriyaki chicken ever!!
The little old man is always so nice and accommodating!!!
I highly recommend Tokyo House!

The orange beef alone is good enough to earn this place 5 stars.
I thought the teriyaki chicken was a little bland, but as an out of towner, i can already say my first stop off the plane next year will be for some more orange beef.
Thank goodness for yelp, because the place itself is very plain, and never would've pegged it as a place that would've knocked my socks off with the first bite.

Good for a quick, cheap meal.
I had the orange chicken and enjoyed it.
My boyfriend had teriyaki chicken, which he did NOT enjoy, and he found the miso soup watery and too salty.
This is not healthy Japanese food, that's for sure.
If this place was right down the street, I would probably return when I need cheap food quickly, but since it's a fifteen-minute drive for me, I will most likely not be back.

The Tonkatsu  I have been searching for.
So good It seriously brought a tear to my eye.
Such friendly service as well.

I was kind of war driving with Yelp and found this little place.
It had the best rating in the plaza it was in.
I was almost gonna get taco bell and call it a night, but I was compelled to try this place.
The gentleman who was working the counter, I think from the other reviews I saw was the owner.
He was a nice man and a little humorous.
The people there seemed to know him and knew this place well, I ordered the house chicken combo and a miso soup, I got it to go since I was camping out at home that night.
I gotta say, I'm not a big rice bowl fan, but this place was great.
The soup was good, and chicken was really good.
chunky, lots of mushrooms and flavor, and just enough spice.
I devoured it all.
I usually don't eat all the rice, but it mixed well with the chicken.
Even the egg roll was really good and crunchy despite me stopping at the store on the way home.
I would definitely eat here again.

Why did it take me so long to find you?
Been in the neighborhood for 6+ Years and I just recently found this place!
I have tried most things on the menu and love the Chicken or Been Teriyaki & the House Chicken/Beef.
Go with a Large only a buck or so more and you get a huge meal that can last you 2-meals.
Food is always really good, Lots of it, great flavor and the guy who runs the place is always friendly and helpful.

Asked for spicy Teryaki chicken and receive a pile of burnt red peppers on top.
Whole dish tasted like burnt food.
Bummer.
Owners seemed nice.

People are right.
Not very authentic by a long shot but it's really tasty and you can share a teriyaki bowl with another person.

Love the old guy at the counter.
Always happy and funny.
Foods fresh, fast and cheap.

I love this place!
The gentleman behind the counter is amazingly funny and was entertaining the customers as they came in.
The food is authentic and made very fast!
I love their house fried rice and their chicken teriyaki is awesome!
Would highly recommend this place for a neat fun night!
Very good!

First time there today.
I had the oyakodon bowl, which was fantastic.
As close to real Japanese food as I've eaten since living in Japan years ago.
Can't wait to go back for some authentic yakisoba.
My mom had the teriyaki chicken w/rice and an egg roll, which she said was great.
The very kind man at the counter is Chinese from Malaysia, so no need to try out your Japanese.
Great service & prices.
Will be back for sure.

literally...so many times i have thought 'should i drive all the way to chandler to eat this?
'  i found this place while playing third wheel to my best friend, meg, and her boyfriend, adam.
we wanted chinese food so i got to searching for something cheap near their house.
adam chimes in mocking yelp 'how many spoons does it have, sam?!
if it only has a 3 spoon rating we're not going!
'  we arrived to see this tiny, upbeat asian man rocking the house.
he seriously holds the fort down and he is funny.
and adorable.
we took our food to-go and started tasting all of the treats we brought home.
holy smokes this food was the business.
we got the noodles with the chicken as well as the chicken with the mushrooms.
the old guy recommended both.
i was expecting mediocre food considering the price and the hole in the wall-ness of it.
but this is sooooooo goooooooddddd.
i'm pretty sure it's horrible for you so thankfully it's pretty far from me.
but anytime i'm over there, we eat here.
make fun of yelp again, adam!
you're going to start worshiping the yelp gods (and ME!
) for finding you this delicacy.

Tried the house chicken which is a brown sauce with mushrooms on top of a bowl of rice.
The chicken was barely there but there were a ton of mushrooms.
The menu indicated it would be spicy but it was not.
Then also got the beef fried rice which had like 4 pieces of beef and maybe needed a little salt/soy sauce.
And had the 2 veggie rolls.
Only reason I gave it 2 stars is because  the little old man at the register was SUPER nice.
Seems like he remembers his regulars.
He was upbeat and really in charge.
We ate in and there were people in and out of that place like it was a hot spot.
Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but I was not satisfied.

My friend introduced me to Tokyo House and I'm glad he did.
This is my favorite restaurant.
They have the best Orange Chicken and Orange Beef in town and in my opinion the world.
I have eaten in Los Angeles's China town and China Town's restaurants can't compete.
When I order the Orange Chicken I substitute the white rice underneath for noodles.
Its like having Orange Chicken on top of chow mien just with no vegetables.
I'm sure they will add veggies if you request them.
When I order their Orange Beef which is basically the same thing as Orange Chicken except its with beef, duh.
A previous reviewer stated that the Orange Beef is enough the earn this place a 5 and he is 100% correct, it is amazing.
The beef is breaded and is deliciously tender.
When I order the Orange Beef I sometimes substitute the white rice for egg fried rice or noodles.
The orange sauce is a huge part of the reason why they have the best Orange Chicken and Beef in the world.
I have also eaten Tokyo House's chicken egg rolls, crab puffs, terayaki chicken, house chicken, house beef, sweet and sour pork, sweet and sour chicken, shrimp yakisoba.
Tokyo House has never disappointed out of the more than 100 times I have visited in the past year.
The employees are great, especially Foo the cashier.
The owners are friendly are as well.

The first impression I got was a very welcoming one!
The sweet man at the front greeted us and was SO sweet and nice!
I liked how clean the restaurant is too.
I ordered the Mongolian beef and my boyfriend had the orange beef, they were both delicious!
I went because this place was highly rated on here and I'm glad we did.
We will be returning very soon to try other things on their menu!

Love the little old man and the orange chicken!

I have always remembered passing by this establishment and wondering how their food was.
One night I was using my Yelp app to navigate me in the right direction for some delicious Japanese food.
Luckily, I came across the business page for Tokyo House.
I read through all the reviews and continued to see all the great things people had about this place... and the lovely gentleman behind the counter!
Although, I did not stop by that night ,my curiosity got the best of me and I went back to Tokyo House a couple days later.
Not only was everyone right about the how funny the adorable old man is but they were also right about the down right amazing food!
The food is authentic and made very fast!
I love their teriyaki bowl and their miso soup.
Its just the thing to help warm your belly up on a cold night.
I highly recommend this place for a quick bite to eat!

This is a great place.
The teriyaki chicken is the best I've ever had.
Tangy, sweet, salty, smoky...
The business owner is a genuinely good man who seems to care about everyone.
UPDATE: For those who get takeout, I feel compelled to update my review to give a heads-up to those ordering.
The older gentleman always manages the lines perfectly, and helps everyone in a truly remarkable fashion.
There is a lady who is sometimes there during the day, however, who does a less stellar job of balancing between the normal and call-ahead lines.
Despite recognizing me, and having what turned out to be my food finished and ready when I got there, I still waited 15 minutes to get it while people who had not called in came in and out, and other people who also had already ordered but were dining in picked up their orders.
I have a limited amount of time during my lunch hour, and many options for food.
There's a reason I called ahead, and it isn't to stare at my food getting cold for 15 minutes while people who chose not to have the foresight to do so get served first.
Moral of the story is, great food, just make sure you pointedly ask if that's your food sitting on the counter rather than trusting her to let you know when it's ready.

I just want to hug that sweet little old man who runs the front.
SO NICE.
The orange chicken is delicious.
We're also a big fan of the teriyaki... portion sizes are pretty big but leftovers never stick around in the fridge for long.
The sauce is great though.
The decor is plain but I think they're trying to update it a bit... the location is a little sketchy.
But the food definitely makes up for it.
Definitely a Chandler must.

A good place for fastfood type of Japanese food.
They are friendly and helpful.
Even the owners are not Japanese, they do know how to make you feel like eating in a Japanese place.

Place is great grilled Japanese food.
Remember that this place specializes in grilled meat and veggies.
Soups are great to.
The " old man " is Chinese and runs a great Japanese restaurant, the fried stuff isn't the best , but the teriyaki and anything on a skewer is amazing.
Try the beef kabob with veggies and you won't try and other Asian place again.
Taint be scared by the names of the items on the menu he has a book of pictures for everything on it, which he uses regularly to help people who don't know what Oniunowi is.
Located in the "Asian block" of chandler they have access to the best Asian produce and products in the valley.
The old man works the front counter everyday, no exceptions, he seems to remember all his regulars and treats everyone else with respect.
He does move a little slow and you may see your food wait under the window as he processes the other orders but if you just watch him it is worth an extra minute or two.
The white rice is sushi grade long and sticky.
Place is actually ran by the woman in the back but her English is not there, she helps him when he messes up, another sign of a perfect combo of passionate people.
If you don't enjoy your time there you may need to reevaluate your current life.

I wouldn't be alive today if it weren't for Tokyo House.
I've been frequenting this establishment since I was weaned off my mother's nipple.
All the time, people ask me: "How'd you grow to be so tall and handsome?
" I don't tell them that it was genetics.
I tell them that it was all the good eatin' at Tokyo House.
My mom told me that when I was born my head was four times larger than my body, and because of my explosive bouts of infantile diarrhea, I wasn't able to gain weight.
In layman terms, my head-to-body ratio was way out of whack, and it started creating all sorts of health problems.
The doctor said that my huge head was consuming so many calories that it destroyed my immune system and put the rest of my body in a state of malnutrition.
He told my poor mother that I only had two weeks before my head consumed my little limbs.
Thirteen days after the doctor's diagnosis, I looked like a pink balloon on a limp string (the string being my last identifiable extremity, if you know what I mean.
) My string started receding into my head like a toddler sucking up a wet spaghetti noodle.
My mother thought that it was the end for me.
She didn't know a better way to send me out of this cruel world than to serve me a proper last supper.
She drove us to Tokyo House, ordered the Teriyaki Chicken, whispered her goodbyes to me, and stuffed my head with that magical food.
I owe my life to Tokyo House.
It's because of them (and the awesome Asian man at the front register) that I'm alive today.

Food is really good and I enjoy the location

Found this place on Yelp because I was in the mood for some old school Teriyaki Chicken.
Was a big fan of Tokyo Express and Blue Fin.
This place didn't disappoint.
The Teriyaki Chicken rocked!

I read all the yelp reviews.
I told myself "No, Emily.
You are going to try this place, you are going to eat the teryaki beef and you are NOT going to comment on the old man.
This is about food damnit!
YOU CAN DO THIS".
*Sigh*.
I love this old man.
All my grandparents are dead and I want to secretly adopt him and treat him as my grandad, or just sit at a booth with my elbows out and my hands holding my head, just watchin' him work.
Maybe he'd want an adopted grand daughter to tell life stories and provide asian food to?
No?
Maybe?
Just a little bit?
Well fine, I'm an independent woman and I will get over it.
Maybe.
My regular-sized beef teryaki was only $6 and it was a pretty big meal to eat for lunch.
I really liked the sauce and the white rice, although I added some red chilli flakes in oil to give the meal a bigger kick.
I thought the pricing was great, the food came out fast and you got exactly what you came for.
Now lets go back to talking about the old man...

amazing food & great atmosphere a+!

Yakisoba is fantastic!
Tonkatsu too!
Best Japanese food in the East Valley.
Never disappointed when I eat here.
Highly recommended!

Like others have said here, it's fantasic.
I must concur, the man at the counter is hilarious, attentive and truely cares about his customers.
When I went you could just tell the true passion he puts into making sure his customers come back again and again.
THIS I RESPECT!
I tried the Teriyaki Chicken, every bite the flavors just melted in my mouth.
The sauce is excellent and the chicken is cooked just right.
Better than ANY teriyaki chicken I have ever previously tried.
Now that I have come here, it is going to become one of my regular hotspots.
I'm excited to keep trying the different menu options and  savor the equisite flavors in every mouthwatering bite.
Highly recommend this place!

Really good food for the price.
The people are always friendly and bend over backward to keep you happy.
Yes, the little old man is one of the best things about this place - he is always happy to see you and friendly.
The atmosphere is very casual and plain, but always clean.
The teryaki beef is the best and the you must try the Yakisoba.
They have a photo book if you are not sure what your ordering.
**They have the best chili oil every - its homemade and excellent**

Thoroughly enjoyed our meal at the Tokyo House.
Had the orange chicken, teriyaki chicken, and the beef yakisoba.
Mr. Fu was welcoming, kind and extremely helpful.
Definitely worth our drive from San Tan Valley, and much better than our original plan of PF Changs.

I have been going to Tokyo House for almost 4 years and it is most definitely the best all around food in Chandler.
The owners are fabulous people and the food is delicious and very affordable.
I usually get the House Chicken but everything is fantastic.
You won't be disappointed.

I love the chicken yacasoba!!!
I get a large with all noodles not rice and the old guy at the front fu is such a charming warm hearted guy and makes my day every single time I go in there he is very sweet and compliments me on always looking stylish and put together!!
Thank you fu!!!
I go there for the amazing great food and the customer service!!!
I love this place and appreciate the food and the hospitality!

I do not believe how this place got the rating that it has.
I got burnt, over cook shumai, precooked and dried out chicken.
Food is bad to go along with the unhelpful order taker.
I will not be back.

The best part about living in this part of Chandler is being very close to what many call the "Asian Mecca" of the east valley.
There's no shortage of delicious restaurants, grocery stores, tea shops, etc.
and you'll be lucky if you get to try them all.
Maybe this should be my next bucket list?!
That being said, since I moved here just over a year ago .
I'm kicking myself for not trying Tokyo House sooner!
When you walk in, it's rather empty.
Not a lot of décor, but very clean.
Don't let the lack of business scare you away.
102.5 KNIX playing in the background; love it!
The best part of this place is the little old man / owner.
He is a riot, very happy and cheerful.
Cares about his customers.
If you don't know what you're ordering, he'll happily show you a book with pictures.
He also suggested we get the combo, as it comes with a drink, egg roll, your dish for just under $7.
The Dude and I decided to share the Orange Chicken and Chicken Yakisoba.
Ho lee f Batman, best Orange Chicken ever!
That other establishment on the other side of Chandler can suck it, because this stuff was amazingly fresh!
You could tell someone actually went to the trouble of using fresh oranges instead of some corn syrup-y, jarred garbage.
The owner also said he could make it spicier for us, which was great!
I also really enjoyed the Yakisoba, but will ask for double noodles next time as it's served on white rice.
All of this came out to around $15.
Tip: They're closed on Sundays.
Can't wait to try their Teriyaki, Orange Beef, and other dishes.
Would make for easy take out.

I've been going to this place for years.
Best teriyaki chicken and orange chicken bowls I've ever had.
I miss Foo.
He always made lunch runs fun.
Always great service though and not too long of a wait.

I've been going to this restaurant for 4 years and the food and service has been consistently amazing.
The orange chicken is unlike anywhere else I've tasted.
It's crispy and actually tastes like oranges instead of artificial flavoring.
The fried rice is another good staple.
Almost everything I've tried in Tokyo House has tasted great and the cashier always makes my day with his conversation and attempts to remember everyone's name.
Everyone that I've brought to this restaurant gets just as hooked as I have been these past years.

- Great value - The tonkatsu was ok.
I wish they had a tonkatsu curry - The house special chicken was excellent - They were out of inari sushi - Loved the friendly service

My go to Japanese spot when I need a fix of yakisoba STAT!
It's just so good.
My bf loves the fried rice as well.
They have never messed up my call in orders and its always ready when I arrive.
Easy, quick and delicious dinner.
The older gentleman can't help but make me smile every time I call or go in to pick up food.
The first time I called I thought someone was playing a prank on me.
He has a total game show host voice..lmao I absolutely love it.

Love this place:) Just like all the other Yelpers I have to say the little old man at the counter is the best!!
My daughter is a fan of their teriyaki chicken & I love the Sukiyaki Beef.
This place is a tiny hole in the wall without much in decor but the service is super friendly & the food is quick and delish.
What more do you really need?

Flat pepsi.
Cold food.
They mic it so now my tongue is burned.
I like fresh food when I eat out.
Sure its good but why not just have a microwave diner.
Its cheaper

Best take-out Japanese!
Have been dining here for about 18 years, and my husband for over 20!
Consistent, excellent quality and friendly service.
We have been huge fans of the teriyaki chicken all of these years, and are trying to work our way through the menu...but you know how it is when you find a good thing!
Never have found any other teriyaki chicken anywhere as good as this.
The owner definitely provides all of the charm of this little place.
Lately, his place has been so busy, there is no chat time.
If it's a slow day when you go, he has great stories to share, just get him talking!
He's a wonderful person.
Good eggrolls, yakisoba, fried rice.
There are so many other menu items, stop in and give it a try!
You won't be sorry.

This place rocks!
The food is excellent and they appreciate your business.
It's a little slow to get your order in do call first.
You won't be disappointed.
Get the orange chicken

Been here many times and the little old man is always soo nice.I usually order the orange chicken with steamed rice and vegetables.I don't like too much rice,mostly meat, so he gives me extra chicken every time at no charge.One of the nicest places to go because of the customer service.Always makes me come back for more.Love it!

Love it!
The older gent that runs the counter talks like some kind of cartoon character.
He is so sweet and welcoming.
Great food too!
I will continue to make this a go to place for Japanese food.
Delicious!

Really good food for the price you pay.
I love their Yakisoba !!!!!
Also I just love the little old man who works the front.
He is always so happy and really does his best to make his customers happy..  That's why I feel guilty giving this place only four stars..
But I'm giving them 4 stars because  I wish there was another person to help with taking orders and taking phone orders.. Usually it's pretty busy and the poor man is juggling everything in front so it could take awhile to order and get your food.
Tip- call in your order and just pick up!
So much faster :)

Just tried this place twice this week, after reading the previous reviews.
Checked out the menu online and ordered a variety of platters to-go for my family.
When I went there, I noticed that the menu online is priced very differently than the one inside the joint.
About a dollar difference, but still.....I went there expecting my total to be a bit different than what it was.
Hopefully that will be fixed soon.
Ordered the Chicken Yakisoba for myself the first night along with some crab puffs and veggie eggrolls.
Wasn't impressed with the Yakisoba.
Thought it was a bit dry and lacked flavor.
The crab puffs and egg rolls werent anything to anything to brag about.
Pretty standard.
Tried my husband's chicken teriyaki plate and thought it tasted really good.
What really DID impress me about this place was the portion size.
You REALLY do get quite a bit of food.
I enjoyed the chicken teriyaki so much that I ended up getting it again the following day.
The little old Japanese guy in the front is hilarious, and worth the trip just to see him.
IMO.
I will be returning to try their other plates.

I dont know why my family and I haven't gone here before!
They've been here for something around 20+ years - and u can tell (in a good way)!
The elderly gentleman in the evening was just very pleasant to deal with.
He reminded me of my grandfather; who is VERY Japanese!
Food is tender and the flavors are all homemade & not out of a bottle.
I will definitely be back as often as possible!!
Especially cuz they are absolutely affordable!

This place is legit.
Best 'Rice Bowl' place around.
Nothing has ever been bad and the guy who takes your order is awesome.
Very accommodating and helpful if you ask for suggestions.
I recommend this place to all my friends.

Since moving to the East Valley several years ago, I've been looking for a good fast-food style like Yoshi's in Central Phoenix.
This may be the place.
I happen to discover it on a incidental drive-by.
First, I love the decor, esp the back patio.
It is so charming and welcoming, like a little green sanctuary in the middle of the blah desert suburbs.
Nice size menu and very reasonably priced.
The staff was attentive and very pleasant.
I ordered the Yakisoba.
Very generous portions, only could eat half, saved the rest for dinner.
The only thing I didn't like is that the noodles are served over white rice, which I didn't notice until I ate part way down.
Why isn't it all noodles?
I'll have to ask next time I go in.
Can't wait to take my daughter who loves Orange Chicken.
I live in East Tempe and find it very convenient.
Hope to make it a new favorite!

One of the many little gems in the east valley- I totally agree with everyone about the personality of the cute little older gentleman makin it more than an ordinary takeout experience.
We ordered the chicken fried rice and the chicken terriaki- both were tasty.
Wasn't expecting the chicken to be fried in the fried rice, but it tasted great.
I will be back again soon, it's nice to get great food and service with a smile :)

I wish they delivered!
But overall really good!

2 Parts to the review:  The infamous man, and the food.
The food:  Reviews speak for themselves.
We got a few of the staples.
THe teriyaki chicken (added veggies) and the yakisoba for me.
Both portions were GIGANTIC and delicious.
We also shared a crab cake.
Took half of our large size orders home.
Teriyaki Chicken had a great crispiness/smokiness to it.
The hot sauce or chili oil they have adds a lot of flavor but is quite mild on the hot category, it was quite good too.
To the infamous gentleman taking the order:  I read the reviews and saw he came highly regarded.
Even warned my gf that people love this guy so we were expecting a large personality.
This guy is a charmer.
Really makes you feel at home.
Everyone is all smiles when ordering.
Doesn't hurt that he is delivering tasty food also.
Pricing is very affordable.
It was $20 for us with our 2 large entrees, a drink and the appetizer.
Would be under $15 with just the meals.
The whole experience was awesome.
He predicted we would be back after trying the Teriyaki chicken, and I wouldn't bet against him.

