Beautiful new church with services every week incorporating the Greek language and traditional customs into experience.
Large community center with raised stage, full kitchen facilities and ample parking available for rent.
St Katherine's puts on a wonderful Greek festival every year with food, music, vendors, and dancers.

I recently attended St. Katherine's Greek Festival.
I went on the 12th of November and it wasn't my favorite festival but still highly interesting.
My mother had told me about it and I decided to check it out, because I'm not really a Greek buff, but I do love learning about different cultures.
I also wasn't really aware there was such a large Greek community in the Chandler area, so the whole idea of the festival was really interesting.
I learned a few little knicks and knacks of Greek culture and I found I had a pretty large appreciation for the performers and the church goers who promoted and ran the festival.
It is all opened, set up, and run by the Church's members and some select fellow Greek establishments from across the metropolitan area.
The atmosphere was really friendly, and everyone I spoke with was very nice as well.
There was everything in the world greek to explore, they had wine tasting for those of you over 21, as well as traditional music, dance, and food.
The festival itself was pretty pricey though, and I had never been, so I wasn't entirely sure of what to expect price wise.
My youngest sister who is under 12 got in for free, but I paid about $36 for me, my fifteen year old sister, and my boyfriend.
I then found I had to spend even more money to buy "tickets", which are used to buy food and drinks as well as a majority of the entertainment for the kids.
There was a bounce house and some mazes and things for the kids, but spending all that money on everything honestly kind of killed my good mood.
However, I must say the food was great, and it lifted me out of my spending funk.
I'd never had any "Greek food" before, so I wasn't really sure what to expect or think of it, I just knew I was starving and the food had best be flavorfull and fufulling for all the money I'd spent on buying tickets for it.
I got a Gyro, which is a sort of sandwich on pita bread with some tomatoes and a sauce called "tzatziki sauce".
I received a chicken gyro, which was hot, well cooked, and defiantly flavorful, as I had hoped.
It was actually completely worth the buy and it also filled me up so I wasn't hungry later, another big point in my deciding on wether or not it was satisfacroty.
There was nothing I was dissatisfied with about my food.
My younger sister got one as well, and although she's a picky one, she enjoyed it.
My other sister and my boyfriend both got traditional lamb gyros and also had no complaints as well, with my sister alerting me she enjoyed the sauce particulaly.
Overall, I'd say my experience was pretty good, and I'd recommend anybody with an appreciation on culture to go to the festival.
I do warn It is a bit costly if you're going in a group, but affordable, and pretty much worth the spending you'll do.
The food was excellente, and I would have to say whoever caters the festival does a great job.

I love the Greek Festival and look forward to it every year.
I've taken a 4 year hiatus, but it's good to be back!
I went here all 3 days this year (probably to make up for not making it the last 4 years) and loved it.
I had forgotten how much I was missing out on and how much I enjoy the people, food and entertainment.
I came up on Friday to eat and have fun and then worked the pork and chicken grill for the gyro booth all day Saturday and Sunday.
I hope they're doing it again in November.
Thanks everybody for lettting me help out.

It's a great weekend for all you "foodies" out there.
Come on out to the Greek Festival this weekend, Friday-Sunday.
I'll be manning the grill tonight down by the beer garden so come hang out, enjoy the music and stuff your faces with awesome Greek cuisine.

I went to this festival this year because I saw the free admission coupon in the newspaper and I have kids so anytime I can get in free with my kids is a plus!
Con:  Parking 4 blocks away in the 100 degree weather.
Pro: Gorgeous church and out of this world moussaka!
I wanted to take cooking class from them right then and there!
My 2 year old daughter liked the moussaka, too!
The bouncy houses were nice and fairly priced.
There was lots of room to run around and play.
I loved the food  variety they offered including hot dogs in case the little ones didn't care for Greek food.
The loukamades, though, were too expensive.
The dolmades were unbelievably a bargain.
Three meat filled grape leaves for $2!
They charge $6-7 at a local restaurant for the same 3!
I ate 3 in their cafe and took another 3 home.
Spanakopita was also delicious.
Better than the restaurant!
I am so lucky to live in AZ with so many great festivals.
Not homesick anymore!
I've lived here in AZ for 9 years now, too.

Went to the Greek Festival this March 2013 at St Katherine Greek Orthodox Church.
The food is good.
The dancing and singing is also good.

I'm looking forward to The upcoming Fall Festival Oct 4th - 6th & it has gotten even better... No More Parking issue... they now have Free Parking and Shuttle from Seton High School  , Plus you can buy a Raffle ticket and WIN a Dodge Ram 1500 or $25,000 Cash...
But the BEST part of the Festival always has been and Always will be is the FOOD & Dancers.
I love that is now back at the church grounds and you can take a tour of the Beautiful Church and learn about  Greek History.

