Because the demographics of Yelp tell me there's a huge market for rockers and curios, I thought I would share my experience.
A little background info.
I like cats (ok, I love cats, more than people).
Therefore, for years, everyone wanted to give me cat-themed gifts.
I finally had to put an end to that.
I have since unloaded most of those items to other insane people.
However, I do have a collection of figurines (old person's word), most of which are either very old or from other countries..(except Germany because they don't know how to make cats).
To pacify my husband that barely tolerates the living cats in the house, I agree to contain them.
Thus, my need for a curio cabinet.
Rocker World supposedly has the largest selection in the Valley.
And they did have quite a few.
But because I was looking for something more contemporary, I had to order.
And because my husband was with me, I ordered quickly...too quickly.
Upon getting home, I found a cabinet I liked better on the internet.
I called the store to confirm they could order from that manufacturer, and Mel graciously obtained the dimensions and changed my order, allowing me to just pay the difference when it arrived.
It did take 6 weeks to get it, but the price was just as good as online and it arrived undamaged.
And all my kitties are happily locked up, staring at me every time I walk by.

The store had a great variety of rockers and curios to choose from.
The staff was super friendly.
The pricing was low and competitive.
Very clean and organized environment.
Will recommend to friends and family!

My wife and I have been looking for a rocker/glider/recliner to place in our nursery.
We've looked at a few places and came across Rocker World.
The salesperson was great.
He gave us all the information we needed and didn't hover over over us.
We tried several chairs and was there to answer any questions.
The quality is better than you will get at Babies R Us and other furniture places and you can customize your chair as needed.
After about an hour, we made our choice and we are happy we did.
A cool feature is there is a pillow and baby doll for moms and dads to use and get a feel for how the chair will be with the baby.
A nice touch.
The rocker/recliner will be ready in about 3-4 weeks and they are willing to let us use a loaner if needed.
Why did we think of going anywhere else?

After doing a fair share of internet research I found this local business.
Very friendly,knowledgeable and NOT pushy!
I took my time & tried all the chairs and ROB just kept informing me on the pros/cons of the different styles.
The store is very clean&organized.
They have"props" to give you that 'real feeling' of holding a baby while in the rocker!
Don't waste you time shopping anywhere else because you will just come back:-)

Great products and great service

