Dry Cleaning here is great.
They do an excellent job, and only charge $2.25 an item.
Plus, if you have your stuff in by 9 am on any day, its done by 4!
Sometimes, I get coupons in the mail for $1.75 on any item, any amount, and they honor it no matter how many items you have.
This cleaners is located in the shopping complex at Ray  and Rural roads, across the street from Frys, on the NW corner.
They are open until 7 PM every day, but closed on Sundays.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Update:  I still frequent this dry cleaners, but they have raised thier prices to $2.25.
(that's a 25 cent increase.
)  They still send out coupons for $2 an item, and I suggest you use them, especially if you bring in multiple items.
Those quarters sure do add up!
Also, when looking for the cleaners, please make sure to look for "2.25 cleaners.
"  Easy to see from the road, and I believe that they do have multiple locations throughout the valley.

Great customer Service.
Always greet you with a smile.
They do the dry cleaning on premises so the chances of your things getting lost is zero.
They even have a comparison chart in the store of other dry cleaners and how much they charge compared to Avalon that only charges $2.25 per item.
For laundry they only charge $1.65 per item and they tell you that it will be cheaper to laundry e.t.c.
They take checks and debit cards too.
Debit cards has a surcharge of 50cents.

Love it!
The staff is always so welcoming and friendly.
All of my items were cleaned and hung perfectly.
You cannot beat the price!
They offer first time customers their first four items free and Wednesdays you get $.25 off each item.
If you follow them on FB they post even more dicounts!
Payment is taken when you drop your items off and I suggest paying cash to avoid the$.50 credit surcharge.
This company is very involved in the community and I will always support that!

Good service, good prices, and they come through.
I've had several dry cleaners who have lost shirts.
Avalon is very good with noting the laundry service, getting the name and phone number and actually counting the garments you bring in.
It's a pay first place, charge for debit, but best in the area.

Awesome prices.
Speedy service.
Nice staff.....
HOWEVER......When I dropped off our clothes for dry cleaning, I pointed out a couple of stains on different articles of clothing.
Most dry cleaners I have been too will usually mark the stains, but the guy said he 'would remember'.
Well, he didn't.
The good thing is they cleaned the two items of clothing again, free of charge.
They came out good the second time around.
This is definitely a good dry cleaners, but I next time I hope I don't have to come back twice during the week to pick up my clothes.....

I still go here and I still love them.
Manny is the best in customer service!

Great prices and great staff.
I was running late and dropped off a dress to be dry cleaned crossing my fingers I'd be able to make it for the 'In by 9am, out by 5pm' window.
I was a few minutes late and the gal at the counter wasn't sure if it would be done the same day, but she said she'd call me to let me know.
Sure enough, an hour and a half later, I received a call letting me know they would be able to do it.
Great customer service!

We travelled all the way from the UK for a friend's wedding taking place in the Valley.
There is only so much you can do to carefully pack a suit.
However, very little guarantees can be made when you spend over 20 hours travelling that the suit won't be crushed in transit.
Upon arriving in Phoenix, we had less than 24 hours to find a reliable dry cleaner in the East Valley that could clean and press a suit before the wedding.
Avalon Cleaners was in the area that provided same-day service; in by 9am and out by 5pm.
They cleaned and pressed my partner's Hugo Boss suit in a pristine manner.
For a fraction of what you pay in the UK for dry cleaning, speedy service and quality, there's nothing but praises from this expat and her Scotsman!

This place sucks...i brought four shirts to get dry cleaned.
They could not get any of the stains out.
i made four separate trips back for re dos, still no good.
They come back wrinkly and they do not check to see if stains are out so be sure to check before you leave.
First time returning I found a slight burn mark on a  Lacoste polo and new stains on an express button down.
They also seem to have difficulty finding your clothes on their racks as well....
I noticed another customer had the same issue with stains while i was there to pick up.....By my fourth trip they were able to get the stains/ burn marks out but the original stains were still there.
They refunded me with cash.
Bottom line go somewhere else.

