Not closed.
We went in to talk to someone about "Customer Retention" and were told they did not do that there.
WTF?
We were given a number to call that is supposed to handle that.
Like I said WTF!
I was there talking to a live/real person.
Crazy how they can take a payment, or start up service, but they cannot try to retain loyal (have no choice) customers.
Not a big fan of the Oligopoly of Cox Cable!

I have been a Cox customer since 1996.
That's fifteen years of paying them each and every month.
Finally I decided to give DirecTV a try, though I kept my broadband with Cox.
Through the years there have been ups and downs in their service, but not unlike any other big semi-monopoly.
Then, after getting rid of cable television, I went into this "digital store" to return their equipment--cable boxes and remotes etc.
What I did not realize was that my DirecTV Internet interface box had been placed with all of the Cox equipment.
I just dropped the box and went home, discovering the error later that day, after the retail store had closed.
I called Cox and was told there was no way to call the store directly.
They told me they would email the person that waited on me as well as the manager.
They would call me right back and set the DirecTV part aside for me to pick up later.
You see where this is going.
No call the next day, or the day after or the day after.
I finally had a chance to get back down to their store during retail hours and they acted like they had never heard of this.
The guy went to the back room for a few minutes to make a show of searching for it, but came back emptry.
So sorry, we just threw way (or otherwise lost) this $80 part of yours.
Sure, my fault for putting in with the Cox stuff.
But after all of my years in retail, and all of the effort I put into tracking down customers that left items in my stores over those years, I felt the Cox's reaction to this business was just terrible and exactly what I would expect these days from a company that has grown too large.

I was a customer since 1998, for two of those years I had full service accounts, (phone, Internet, Cable) in two cities.
Their regular price increases, coupled with my frustration while attempting to negotiate a reasonable bundled price, led me to finally jump ship.
I didn't want to go through the hassle of changing e-mail and linked accounts, but comparable services from their competitor saves me 75.00 a month.

I had some issues with Cox years ago but I stuck with them.
The last couple times that I went in there I had great experiences.
They worked with me to lower my bill and were quick and helpful.
I'll give 'em some props for that.

When over the phone help is not enough.

This is not about the store it is about Cox via telephone.
There was no account for Cox Corporate.
We have been trying to get an I Pad to work with the Cox email.
To say this is the worst possible service wold be an understatement but judging from the rfeveiews Cox does not care anyway.
First - we have been on hoild for ovefr 30 minutes now.
Is that music as annoying to everybody else as it is to me?
Next - we have called several tiems now to adress the I Pad issue.
So far Apple, our IT peple and Best Buy have advosed that we drop Cox for email because it is notoriously bad..
I guess my comment would be if they get so many complaints would you not think issues like terrible music, incrediblly terrible service and just beeing generally annoying might not be adressed?

I have been with Cox for 8 years and would never recommend them to any one unless they absolutely must have a cable connection - Cox is the worse in customer service, they jack up their prices because they are the ONLY cable company in the valley and they recently have had outages for unexplained reasons.
Last month's outage lasted 3 days - THREE DAYS!
And when you called to find out what was wrong you would get a "sorry we are experiencing higher than normal call volumes and will be unable to answer your call.
" *click* {-- the sound of Cox's automated message hanging up on you.
Avoid at all costs if you can.
There is no redeeming quality at this time that makes them worth the horrible customer service and intermittent service.

I have had Cox Cable for 8 Years and had next to no problems until recently when I called to try and lower my bill.
doing research I found I could get cheaper TV going to them as a new customer and they treated me like a spoiled child for even asking what my options would be.
I was on hold for over 35 min on one failed attempt to talk to customer serves when I gave up.
DISH or Direct TV has better customer service and cheaper rates.
only reason I gave them 2 stars is the product it self was good for me and I still have there high speed internet.
I shut off cable and am using internet for TV now.

I was greeted with smiles.
The employees were friendly and nice.
They fixed the problem in less than 5 minutes.

I went in to cancel cox cable but keep the internet after having it for 5 years because it was getting too expensive.
The guy said two words to me, clicked a couple buttons, and handed me a slip without making eye contact.
They didn't bother to ask why or fight for me as a customer.
As soon as I find a better wifi service, I'm out entirely!

I was expecting to wait for a while but I was seen quickly.
I was turning in a couple DVRs and remote controls because I cancelled my TV service.
It's too expensive and I discovered that I don't need it.
I have my antenna and stream everything I want to watch.
Amazon Prime and Hulu Plus is all I need.

