This place has become a cult favorite here at my dealership.
It went from daring each other to try it to eating here twice a week for some of us.
The lunch specials here give you the most bang for the buck, and the food is pretty good too.
There's a lot of items to choose from here depending on your tastes so I recomend checking the menu on their website.
Since this is my lunch destination, I usually rotate thru the lunch specials which come with huge portions.
If your looking for something on the cheap, then try one of the three $5.85 specials which include a drink.
If your into cheap decent chinese food, give it a try.
Super friendly customer service from this family owned and run restruant.

I really like eating here.
From the time you order to the time you are eating, only minutes pass.
I think I've spent more time in line at Walgreens.
Their food is very tasty too.
We normally get the Sesame Chicken and crab puffs, also one other entree but that one always varies.
Price is fair too.

I have been eating at China Way since I was in high school (that was 10 years ago and it has been consistently good.
I don't think I have ever had a bad meal here.
To look at the building, its not much but the family that runs it is super nice and the food is amazing.
There is only one thing I order because it is so good that I can't bring myself to order anything else.
The General Tsao's chicken combo with fried rice, egg roll, and crab puff.
Everything included in this combo is excellent and they have probably the best sweet and sour sauce I have ever had.
To me, Chinese food doesn't get any better than this!

Best egg rolls EVER!!
Food is always fresh, STEAMING hot and the service is always friendly!
We sometimes go here just to get a bunch of egg rolls and some egg drop soup!

Food was good.
Went for the General Tso's chicken based on reviews.
Well, it is not available as a lunch special.
Adding an egg roll, crab puff and drink is $2.25 extra (not too bad).
We spent $19 on lunch though.
Not terribly inexpensive for counter service and food served on paper plates.
Entree portion was generous and about twice as much as the lunch special portion.
Saw the $5.85 lunch specials (3 choices).
This includes drink and is a good value I would imagine.
Might try this if I decide to go back.

I love this place, very consistent all of the time and very friendly service.
Only place around here that offers a drive-thru.
The portions are always big and everything always comes fresh on big platters.
You can upgrade your meal to the Manager's Special for $1.50 and get a drink and egg-rolls.
It is housed in an ironic location; surrounded by gyms.

Yum!
We just moved to the area and were looking for a new Chinese take out - and we found a great one.
Their General Tso's chicken is delicious, yummy egg rolls and the dumplings were really tasty.
We'll be going back again.

It was pretty decent but fell short of the other reviews.
If you have had real Chinese food then this is OK.

I think this is one of the best Chinese Food restaurants I have ever eaten at.
The staff is always friendly, the food is always excellent tasting and the speed of service is outstanding.
I have eaten here over the past 3 years and I still drive back to this restaurant even though I don't live in the neighborhood anymore.

This place has been here for over 22 years so they must be doing something right.
This is a great hole in the wall Chinese restaurant that is not 'genuine' Chinese food but Americanized Chinese food done right.
Your old standbys are here as are all of the old familiar items you have come to memorize on Chinese menus.
Super cheap, I recommend if you like spice then tell them to make any of your dishes 'extra spicy.
' Not the most amazing Chinese food but perfectly adequate and you're not going to spend an arm and a leg if you find you don't like the place.
Another similar restaurant in the area is Wang's Delight.

I have been eating here for years, just havent had time for a review.
First off I L O V E that they have a drive thru, it makes it easy for me to call in an order and pick up during my busy lunch hour.
Lunch specials are great and you get alot of food for your money.
I usually get the chicken chow mein or the orange chicken.
both are delicious.
The egg rolls and wontons are tasty as well,  sometimes I get dissapointed with bad eggrolls, not this place :) Fried rice is great and they give you wonton chips with your meal as well.
I have no complaints thats why I have been going here since 2007 and will continue to go.

Solid and consistently great food!
I've been to this place numerous times over the last 6 years and recently moved back in the neighborhood and I wasn't let down.
Consistently good food and a great price.
Really can't go wrong here at all.
I always got to go... inside is all tile and not super comfortable but again.. you're getting quick Chinese food at a good price - ambiance isn't their thing.
Oh they also have a drive-through == awesome.

Awesome

Great food and never disappointed.
I hadn't been here for a while so when I stopped by I was surprised the food wasn't extremely salty.
It was hot so watch out.
Don't and won't be able to gobble your food down.
I ordered my favorite which was shrimp with lobster sauce which was awesome.
They have great lunch specials but only on a few selected dishes.
Mine was full price.
Place is clean and airy.
Only weird thing was that when there is nobody at the counter to order the wait staff stand at the counter and watch the customers eat.

I love this place!!!
I go for the lunch specials.
Teriyaki Fried Rice and Orange chicken!
Yum 5.99 and it comes with a drink.
I go there so often the two owners know me by name.
Great local chinese food!
They call themselves Chinese fast food, so don't expect all of the menu items of a nice sit down restaurant.
The quality of the food is worthy of a sit down restaurant though.
I would give them 6 stars if I could.
I'm obsessed!

Its been a while.
The food was excellent!
What great restaurant!

This place is wort a stop, we all need extra Chinese restaurants that serve quality food!
They have big lunch combos and greeat dinner combos.
Price is affordable as well and dinner is sharable.
If you drive thru get the sauce on the side, it will keep the chicken crispy!
Huge menu selection i love the garlic chicken and general tsao  chicken

Best chicken fried rice in town!!
#76.
I've been coming to China Way for years.
Yes, it's located in a strip mall, yes it's small, and yes it may not look like a "fancy" place to find great chinese food.
Give China Way a chance and you won't regret it.
You can expect great, affordable lunch specials, and friendly staff.
By far the chicken fried rice is the best.
It's well balanced in flavor and has a good mix of vegetables, eggs, scallions, and chicken.

Stopped at China way based on the rave reviews.
I ordered the Beef with Broccoli, which was ok.
There was nothing bad about it.
It just didn't wow me like the food at Chop and Wok does.
Overall a decent meal.
The restaurant was clean and the staff polite.

DELICIOUS!
I'm from Nebraska and its hard to find something that even compares to the Chinese at home, but this blows it out of the water!
Best Chinese ive had in a while.

love this place!
they're fast, food is always consistently tasty.
their general tsao chicken is the best!

This place has great food at a fair price.
I usually get the beef and broccoli and they never disappoint.
The owners are very friendly as well

Been coming here for 7 years.
It's good, not fancy, and perfect for "comfort" Chinese food.

It's taken me 8 years to try China Way.
Looking back I see it as lost time.
What impressed me was the quantity of freshly cooked veggies and proteins served.
i ordered take out Shrimp with Lobster Sauce, a dish I have come to love when I lived in NYC.
Instead of making the sauce with egg whites, they used the whole egg which appeared like scrambled eggs in the sauce.
I do not like scrambled eggs.
The sauce was very tasty, the onions fresh and crunchy and a least a half pound of good sized shrimp sweet and fresh tasting, perfectly cooked!
Bright green, crunchy broccoli was in the dish as well as some mushroom slices.
The best dish was Mongolian Chicken with white and green onions, ordered extra spicy.
I couldn't believe the quantity of sliced chicken breast and the great and not too spicy sauce.
Truly a 5 star dish.
All the above came with 4 very large scoops of white rice.
Fresh crunchy fortune cookies ended the meal.
Eighteen dollars and change for more food than my wife and I could actually eat.
We plan to check out many of their menu options.
How can you beat quality fresh ingredients in large quantities?

After seeing an overall Yelp rating of four stars, I got take out from China Way last night.
Now this is an interesting place!
Believe it or not, they have a drive-thru.
Yes, seriously - a drive-thru window!
Even though they have a website to order online and there are certainly many good pictures here to use the phone, I got out of my car and went inside.
You know how it is, the first time anywhere you always want to make sure it's clean.
This place is.
There's a counter to place your order and seating if you'd like to stay and eat - and the decor is such that you wouldn't mind.
I ordered "The Platter" appetizer, Black Pepper Steak, and Shrimp Chow Mein.
All of it had good flavor!
My chow mein had plenty of shrimp which for $8.95 was a pleasant surprise.
My husband's pepper steak was also a surprise as it contained meat "bits.
"  I'm not making this up but some pieces were half the size of a postage stamp with none larger than a full size stamp.
Nope, not kidding!
Despite my husband being a "slab of meat man," he said it tasted good but would have preferred it as a side dish...along with a slab of meat.
All said, I'll go back.
"Sides" take time and creativity to prepare, but "Slabs" are quickly broiled.
Meat lovers consider yourselves warned B-)

My family and I have been going to China Way since 1996 and they had the best Chinese food around in Chandler and we tried them all.
Their prices have always been very fair and their food has always been consistent and good.
Unfortunately, that changed recently  with new owners.
My favorite has always been General Tso's which has always been wonderful.
Tonight,that all changed.
The Chicken was cooked different and without much flavor.
This was the 2nd time this happened,and it won't be a 3rd time.
I wish the new owners good luck,but sometimes,you have to stick to the original recipes or you will lose old loyal customers.
Also,just a note,please get rid of the Curry dishes,it is not needed in my humble opinion.. Sorry,wished I could have liked the changes.

After reading the reviews I decided to stop by and I was a little disappointed, not as good as all the reviews suggested.

My family used to love this place; it was our go-to fast food Chinese food place for many years, but tonight we went through the drive through and noticed the menu was different than usual.
We adjusted our order, and when we got it home, we found that the food was VERY different than it had been in the past.
I don't know if they got new cooks, new managers, a new owner or all three, but every single thing we ordered was mediocre at best.
The chicken chow mein seriously tasted like they had opened a can of chicken noodle soup, drained the broth and heated it up.
The noodles were mushy and bland and so far from what they used to have, I can not believe it is from the same establishment.
The sweet and sour and orange chicken were 90% spongy tempura with little bits of tough meat in the center.
After at least ten years of going here, it sadly seems we will have to look for a new Chinese food provider.

We used to love this place, it was the only consistently good takeout in the area and as others have said it was our go-to Chinese place.
Unfortunately about a month or so ago that changed along with their entire menu.
The items we ordered were our usual selection but not one thing was cooked with the recipe we are used to.
That wouldn't be a problem if it were a better or equal recipe, but everything we ordered seemed to be cheaper quality food with lackluster preparation.
Everything was kind of bland, soggy, and gross.
I am really sad to be writing this but we won't be going back unless they go back to their original style which i doubt will happen.

My friends and I used to go to China Way at least two to three times a week.
All of a sudden, change of management.
New menu, raised prices.
Was kinda expensive before, but food was great and old owners and management were good people.
Younger management, maybe their Daughter or Niece started changing everything.
I haven't been back for at least two months.
New management totally wrecked what the old owners worked so hard to build.
Myself and all of my friends will not go back until they change the price back to the lower amount it was before.
Last time I was there, I mentioned the raised prices and I probably wouldn't be back.
New management didn't seem to care.
Meantime, we have found another great Chinese restaurant close by.

OK, we broke down and went back after not eating there for two months.
I must say the new owners are totally destroying the place.
Raised prices, cut back on food portions.
They created a smaller portion which is now their bowls.
The Combination Chow Mein was very soggy and didn't taste the same.
We decided to never go back after going there two times a week for about 6 years.
Too bad new owners destroyed this restaurant.
:-(

I have been going to China Way for the last few years and it was my goto place for chinese food it was awesome.
I went there shortly after the change and noticed the menu and my usual numbers were gone.
Is it me or is most Chinese food seemingly ordered by numbers?
After decoding the new menu, I ordered my usual for the family, Generals Tso's Chicken, Mongolian Beef and the Chicken Dumplings.
Got it home and noticed visually that the food looked different and smelled different too.
Upon tasting it all, yep, not the same.
The General Tso's chicken was more like a citrus/orange chicken, the Mongolian beef was bland and the dumplings were soggy and pale, not partially crisp like they used to be.
So last night 6/11/14 I decided to give them another shot since they are close to home and maybe they had a bad day or something, it happens.
Well sadly the prior visit seemed to be the par that has been set.
Regretfully I will not be going back to China Way until they return the recipes that made them so good.
If you read this China Way I hope you take this to heart and work to keep your loyal customers of many years.

Like other reviews says this Chinese Restaurant has a DRIVE THRU !!
I've never seen a Chinese restaurant has it, haha!
very interesting.
Alright, we still decide to eat inside, because we are not familiar with their menu.
I am so surprise this place is so clean and did not smell any oily .
I and my girlfriend took few minutes to decide which one we want.
We order the large size black pepper chicken and beef chow mein.
The black pepper chicken comes with rice and it tastes really good and a little spicy.
The Chow mein is good too, it comes with lots beef and broccoli and tastes just prefect.
I thought this place would be similar to Panda Express, however, now I think it is much better than Panda.
After we finished our dinner, The owner gives us a menu, and said now they are doing delivery too.
Next time I could order at home.
Very happy with my meal, and I will come back again.

I'm a new customer and dont know how the food before.
I was skeptic seeing the other review about the flavor has changed but I just try it anyway.
I ordered the new menu, honey crisp chicken and I love it!
Old customer should try this one instead of complaining about the change.
One thing that is constant is "change"

I've been going to China Way for over 20 years, it's unfortunate that it looks like there are new owners now.
The food is not nearly as good as it used to be.
I'm very saddened by this as China Way used to be one of my favorite restaurants.
I won't be going back.
General Tso's chicken I'll miss you.

We have been eating at China Way for years.
This time we ordered dinner for delivery.
(Yes, they also deliver!
) We ordered the lemon chicken with rice and the sweet and sour chicken with the chow mein noodles and it was delicious!
They have really stepped it up in the quality of food, service and now they deliver.
The delivery was very fast and the delivery driver was very courteous.Thank you China Way!

I have been in this place before and this time I have notice that their menu has changed.
I was like Oh Well I am here already you mind just give them a shot.
I have hse rice and I think it is call 3 kings.
OMG was it good.
It was way better than what I have expected.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

Ate dinner there last night.
This has been my "Go to" place when I can't figure out what I want but don't want to cook for years now.
In fact, when I moved to Scottsdale for a year, I would drive back here for the Shrimp Fried Rice.
Last night, I noticed that the menu was different, in fact, they gave me a new one.
This doesn't bother me, as change is good if your improving things.
Sadly, not the case here.
I purchased the Mongolian beef and friend dumplings.
The dumplings were overly doughy and the Mongolian beef was in a clear, almost water like, sauce.
Not expecting this, I spilled it all over.
That's not their fault, I should have been on my toes.
The food was "Meh" when all was said and done.
the reason for the low star rating instead of a 3 is I got violently ill last night.
I can't say with 100% certainty that it was because of dinner here, but chances are...
I can count the number of times I have been violently ill in the past 10 years on one hand.
It's enough of a scare that I wont be back for a long time.

