I had to leave these guys some feedback after the service I encountered the last time I was there.
I'm mean they've given me exceptional service as well in past, but I think this time it deserves some recognition.
I really needed a pair of new board shorts for a special occasion with my girlfriend a few weekends back.
Since I haven't upgraded since 01 on swim shorts, I thought this would be a good idea to find a new pair.
I went to chandler fashion mall, and I swear every single place I went to had either stopped carrying them or had very sh*tty clearance items because of the season change to fall (We live in freakin Arizona for god sakes!).
So I went to buckle because they've never let me down before when I'm looking for something cool.
I walked in, and as usually they greet you and ask if you need assistance.
I was like YES!
I need board shorts bad....
He was like we don't have any out in front but we still have some from the summer season in back.
5 minutes later he walks out with a plethora of board shorts in at least 15 different designs.
10 min later I had already picked and paid (59.99 sticker shock though, but worth every penny).
I recommend the place to anyone who has great style and love great service.
Thanks again Buckle.

I always buy my jeans at the Buckle.
I just love the clothes.
I am pretty cheap when it comes to clothes.
But i will spend the money on Buckle jeans.
I wear them out.
The staff is A+++.
Love the kids that work there.
They are so helpful and nice.
Love the service.

First of all.
I have no qualms spending money on clothing...
I usually got to the Buckle in Scottsdale and at the Tempe Market Place where I've have raving reviews.
I was at this location since I was in the area.
I was very disappointed!
I immediately get there and she starts to sell me.
No rapport whatsoever.
First all of she asked "When you looking to upgrade?
" Talking about my True Religion jeans.
Woah....
I was offended.
I was also wearing my Society Shirt and she already threw a purple long sleeve on at me.
At this point I let her know she crossed the line with the jeans comment.
She then talked about her love of clothes and all.
There was nobody in the store, she could have done a way better job.
I'll stick with my faithful Buckle in Scottsdale and Temple.
This Buckle can keep their lame customer service.

