Overall, not a bad place...a bit more utilitarian that usually prefer, but not bad.
It is a Marriott so it had a nice big comfortable bed.
Lobby/Amenities not much to talk about.
The entrance is a bit difficult to determine the first time (if you use google maps on the iPhone, it says you should pass the exit, make a u-turn and get back on the freeway, then make a right where there isn't  turn), but not their fault.
The hotel is near some great places to eat.
The room rate seemed higher than it should have been, but it was high season in AZ.

This is your basic, garden variety big chain hotel.
It is very convenient to a lot of restaurants and shopping, but it was hard to find, tucked back in a corner next to the highway.
They need a bigger sign!
There is a pool and a hot tub, neither of which were being utilized because I happened to be in Phoenix to experience perhaps 25% of their total annual rainfall in 2 days!
UGH.
Rain in the desert.
There's no controlling the weather.
The breakfast buffet was good, it had all the usual stuff you expect, eggs were fluffy, not hard and congealed.
Some of the bacon was crispy, and some was chewy, something for everyone.
The one very odd thing was the front desk crew on hand the first morning.
Two dudes no older than 23.
They high-fived each other twice and said stuff like "good call dude", "way to go", and they were talking about a room opening up that had 2 beds in it instead of one.
OK, maybe that's too much detail but geez guys, let's be a tiny bit more professional, ok?
When the high schoolers are running the hotel, it doesn't inspire a ton of confidence.

Nice place to stay ....
I stayed there in August when I was securing my Arizona residence.
The place was close to EVERYTHING!
I didn't have to walk more than a few steps to any eating establishment, bar, store ... anything.
The staff was great, the service was top notch.
The only complaint I had was it was in need of some updating ... some of the furniture in the hotel was looking worn, some areas needed paint, etc.
I was told that they were on the list to get some upgrades ...
I'll check it out again and let you'all know.
But in the meantime when you are in AZ, this is where I'd tell my friends to stay.
Drop me a note when in Chandler and we'll go get a drink!

Wonderful location and great room, but the housekeeping service was...lackluster.
It took 20 minutes just to get a foam pillow, but they only brought one replacement (out of the five).
This is still a wonderful hotel that is located near just about anything you could want...except wifi.
I don't know if it was just my room, but neither my wife nor I could get much of anything beyond dialup speeds.
Not only that, but the LAN cable did not work.

Stay in the courtyard recently and have no complaints at all!!
RIght when I entered the place , the staff greeted us and they were all very nice and helpful with everything.
Although i only stayed there for 1 night , i thought the rooms were very well kept and the bed was amazing!
The first thing i do when i check into the room is look at the bed and sample how if feels and this bed was amazing!
The rooms are about normal size and has a tv , desk , chair , etc..... Wifi is also a must whenever i travel and no complaints here.
Wifi was fast and easily available.
Did not have a chance to see the gym or the pool but they do have one.
Overall , i would stay here again if i come by Phoenix!

Really can't go wrong with a Courtyard.
Rooms as always set perfectly for after hours business and beds a comfortable.
This property in particular is close to some very good restaurants, which made it easy to entertain and then slide back to the room.
Close to PHX, it's a breeze to get to/from and on your way.
Great location and consistent.

This is my first stay here since they remodeled the "joint" and I must say it looks really nice.
I am sad that they discontinued the local merchant promotion where you could show your room key and get goodies at shops nearby.
BUT THE ECONOMY BEING WHAT IT IS, what was I thinking right?
The rate here is fantastic, and actually if I still had reason to be on this side of town (which I don't anymore thanks to my mean old boss) I would continue to stay here like I used to do.
There are TONS of things to do around here to fill your stomach, which is really all that matters right?
Oh wait this is a hotel review... let me get down to brass tacks as it were:  Rooms are well appointed and standard fare for remodeled Courtyards TV comes in clear and angles to all the right places EXCEPT for out on the patio, where you can observe the after meeting crowd mingling and cooing at the palm trees.
THERE ARE SO MANY PLACES TO EAT AROUND HERE it is crazy...
I think people in Chandler must just be motivated by food and cars.
The staff is friendly and not obtrusive (no call to my room to make sure it was ok).
I did get a Platinum welcome gift, which was a bottle of water and a cookie... who can complain about that?
Parking is easy Freeway is close Rate is great Close to places I need to be/go (this week at least)  What more can I say?
Lots in walking distance.

When I travel for business normally Courtyard is where I stay.
Great bed, wifi, business area and a bistro area with food and bar.
Great location with plenty of  restaurants and shops in walking distance.
The staff has been friendly the air in my room keeps the room ice cold.

Well...not a bad place.
Lobby & pool areas nice.
Rooms are clean but standard for typical hotel.
Why not free coffee in lobby?
For $50 less, Holiday Inn Express down the street has complimentary breakfast!
I wasn't in charge of reserving our hotel but the competition is out there!
Do your research!

I am finding that I am getting pretty tired of Courtyard in general, so my review is partly based on that fact, though there are some unique elements that I will highlight as well.
I am here for my second night of two right now and am here not only for the room nights, but also for a meeting that I facilitated.
The hotel itself is about average for a Courtyard at this point from my experience.
There are at least as many I have stayed at that aren't as nice and about the equal amount that are nicer.
The room probably matches that same description, though it seems a bit tired with the showerhead being older, the bed being pretty uncomfortable and some small things like the closet door difficult to open.
The walls are thinner then other Marriott brands, though this isn't as bad as some Courtyard properties.
The towels at Courtyards (in general) are so thin too.
The service is friendly overall (front desk staff, management, housekeeping).
One oddity that stood out was the night of my arrival, they vacuumed the hallways outside of the rooms after 8pm.
That seems a little late to have such noise so close to guests who are settling in for the evening.
For the event I was facilitating, though not coordinating, I arrived in the meeting room at 8am for an 8:30am start and found an empty room other than the tables set up for 28 people.
I was only expecting 21, so it was set too far back and too close to the walls.
By myself, I moved tables and chairs around to make it more comfortable.
I then had to go out to the front desk and ask where my supplies were (flip chart easels, flip chart pads, etc.
) that were dropped off the night before for me to use.
They were still locked up somewhere.
I also had to ask where the beverages were that were arranged (coffee, juice, water, etc.).
They had to rush around to get that set up as if it was an afterthought.
There were no notepads or pens set out, which is customary for other meetings I have had at different Courtyard properties.
Fortunately, the front desk staff, A.V.
staff, banquet staff and management were all respectful and attentive upon my request, though I shouldn't have had to corral them.
The morning break items that were brought at 10am were not removed until after 1:15pm even though we took our lunch break from noon-1pm (so they came in and interrupted our meeting) and they never refreshed our pitchers of water that ran out shortly after lunch.
Between the hotel just being average for a Courtyard (not average compared to anything better) and the stressful impact of how they handled the conference aspects - I am being generous with my 3-star rating.
For context - I am a platinum elite, and very loyal, Marriott member who has traveled extensively to nearly all Marriott brands as well as had several meetings at various Marriott branded properties.

