Don't Shop at this overpriced store with incompetent staff that do not offer any help whatsoever.
I'm a disabled 59 year old lady who went to the the other side of town to shop at Toys R Us for my grandchildren and not one clerk would assist me with pricing or lifting any heavy items that I could obviously not pick up or carry.
When I asked to speak with the manager she was practically running away from me.
I guess ill just continue getting my toys from walmart

We came here recently to buy a birthday present for a friends kid.
I haven't been inside a toys r us in years.
I'm not really sure what to say because I'm not up on the latest toys.
You all know how I'm really big on service though and  I have to point out that the staff rocks here.
We were in such a big rush and my wife asked the girl at the counter if she could borrow some tape and scissors to wrap the toy we just bought and she totally went out of her way to get us what we needed.
I wish I remembered her name to mention her here but it was much appreciated.

Lame overpriced toys.
The only reason I stopped by was because my boys wouldn't leave me alone about it.
They too were "MEH.
" The customer service sucked, but in all fairness, I would hate life too if I had to be around kids running around the store and throwing things around and their parents just pretend they don't see what's going on.
Wont be coming back.

I have had the oppurtunity to interact with this store twice in the last week.
The first i would give 2 stars as i ordered a Wii U online and had it shipped to store.
The pickup process was brutal as compared to similar processes at places like Sears.
It took 3 inputs of information total.
two electronic and then a person came and asked, took my paper and filled the order.
30 minute process with a line of only 2 people ahead of me.
The next interaction was worse...
Looking for an xbox one, my wife had been calling around daily.
SUCCESS!
Toys r us had just unloaded several.... We arrive to be told that they are not for sale, they are saving them for something.
What a clusterf@#k.  Promised we would be called when the promotion was and that they would hold one, never heard from again.
Luckily Newegg got some in to christmas is saved.

