The Good Egg is good for a lot of things, and thats why I dine here.
I usually frequent here for Breakfast, but they do carry a full menu of Breakfast, lunch and dinner items on their menu.
I like this place for a variety of reasons.
First, the full menu.
Secondly, they have tons of seating for any sized party, and the location is spacious.
They have branches throughout the valley, but this one is closest to my home.
So far, I have always recieved adaquate and friendly service.
The place is clean, and but not fancy in decor.
Bathrooms are usually in good shape, and if I can get there early enough, I have a little to no wait time.
If you try to go mid morning on the weekends, expect to wait!
This morning I had a 3 cheese omelette, toast and coffee.
I ate at the bar area, which is located in the front of the resturant.
I like doing that because it gets me in and out early.
Plus, since I was dining alone, it was easier then me dining at a table.
I feel safe bringing just about anyone to the Good Egg.
I know both my parents like it, so it is parent proof, along with friends or dates and kids.

I went to The Good Egg on a first date (yeah, a little strange, I know), but it was a great choice.
The service was egg-celent (okay, a little cheesy).
Our waitress was very patient as it took us awhile to decide what we were eating between conversation and then wasn't in a rush to get rid of us after we finished eating.
The food was good- I had a Belgium waffle and hash browns; both extremely delicious.
I'm going to add this place to my list of places I'm looking forward to heading back to.

Sunny yellow paint with bright pictures and a curio cabinet makes for an interesting country theme and The Good Egg displays it well.
Personally, I am not a big fan of breakfast places because I feel that there is nothing exceptional that these restaurants hash out apart from greasier versions of items that one can easily prepare at home.
That is why I pick and choose being careful not to overspend on unexciting breakfast.
The Good Egg came as a pleasant surprise.
They have crepes, frittatas and gravies on the menu besides the usual pancakes, omelettes, bacon and sausages.
The crepe-egg called 'light one' was served with a buttered English muffin and a bowl of fruit.
The biscuits and gravy was scrumptious.
I think we are going to drop I-HOP in favour of The Good Egg when my hubby gets into his occasional eat-out-for-breakfast modes.

A breakfast place with no waffles?
Well I ordered lunch anyways.
I got the turkey panini.
It's description said 3 cheeses but it was not cheesy enough The bread was too thick and not crispy enough.
The turkey was a little too smokey flavored.
The balsamic vinaigrette for my salad was good though.
Coffee was decent.

Loved this place for breakfast.
The service was fast and friendly.
You can't go too wrong with bacon and eggs.
I will return.

Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits): 8 Food 8 Service 7 Atmosphere 7 Value

if you're comparing the good egg to ihop or denny's, it is definitely a tier above.
decor are less kitschy and waitresses are much nicer.
i had a short stack order of banana, chocolate, and peanut butter chip pancakes because that's all i could muster to chew a few days after wisdom teeth surgery.
the pancakes were delicious, but the pancakes i know are meant to be the size of a CDs, not dinner plates!
so i ended up paying $7.50 + tax/tip for them, taking half home, and then throwing them out because they're much too dry afterwards.
all in all, i'm just not easily charmed by establishments that make a profit by leading customers to eat more than they normally would/should.
oh also, there always seems to be a wait even when it looks empty... though for those of you who enjoy a cup of joe, they do offer free coffee while you wait.
personally, i prefer banana pancakes a la jack johnson.

Breakfast here is some of the best... nothing crazy out-of-this-world different mind you, but good quality, good portions for a reasonable price.
The coffee is good too, not weak like most places.
They have a flavored coffee special everyday... some are good, some are so-so - plus it is the same cost as the regular coffee so never hurts to try it.
I rarely go out for breakfast but we go here when meeting friends and family.

This place is way better than Denny's or Ihop.
I like the fact that they have some healthy options.
You have to try the oatmeal.
Even if you are not a fan of outmeal, this one comes with everything... brown sugar, raisens, nuts, etc.
It is sooo good!

I was looking forward to the biscuit's and gravy, so I request a sample before I ordered ( just to make sure I'd like it) and was not impressed, it was loaded with pepper and not really creamy.
I opted for the corn beef hash.
It was straight from a can, the potatoes were hard and muffin slightly burnt.
The eggs were good though and I liked the coffee.
I won't be back as the service was beyond slow, and they were NOT that busy to justify it.
I went as fellow yelpers claimed it was the greatest biscuit's and gravy, I guess it's made different in the Pacific Northwest.

Damn this place is yummy.
I just moved to Glendale and was happy to see there's a location over there.
So I will be going there a lot.
I've been tot his location twice with some friends and the service is incredible.
My girlfriend was a little hungover from the night before of a little partying and banana's are a great medicine for a hang over.
I called up Good Egg before we showed up to ask if they had fresh ones.. they did!!
We show up and I go in and they happily hand me one.
Aweee.. how awesome.
If you order their pancakes, keep in mind the size of these monsters.
You can get one, two or three.
Our friend's son can polish off the three stack like it's nothing.
I did two and barely finished it.
The food is delicious and the variety is huge.
Omelets, pancakes, eggs, etc.
This place is great.

10/22/10  Yesterday (10/21), I prepared my own honey-buttermilk pancakes w/ Ghirardelli choccy chips, sliced bananas, and a handful of those cinnamon-roasted almonds I found at Costco.
While those hotcakes made for an excellent meal, they weren't the protein pancakes from US Egg nor the custom-made ones from Good Egg I've been craving for the past two weeks.
So, I decided I'd stop at Good Egg and claim my free entree w/ the customer appreciation card I've been holding onto for more than a year now.
My server Bailey was amiable and attentive.
She suggested I try adding dollar pancakes to my entree since I couldn't decide whether to go w/ some pancakes or something off of the lunch menu.
Thanks to the two Diners, Drive-ins, & Dives' episodes on breakfasts I'd seen during Monday's treadmill routine, I also had a craving for some corned beef hash (or those wonderful hash browns from Matt's in downtown Phx).
I decided to go w/ a full stack of pancakes ($7.50) and a side of corned beef hash ($3.95).
While having breakfast, I looked over the dollar menu wedged conveniently between the condiments and saw that for a $1 more, I could have "today's sweet deal.
"  Well, Bailey, what is today's deal?
A choice between an apple streusel bread pudding w/ caramel sauce or a strawberry shortcake w/ house-made strawberry fruit topping, you say?
Decisions, decisions!
Thankfully, the caramel contained corn syrup, so that made it easier for me to choose...
So there I was, for weeks craving for some of those blueberry-almond-wheat germ whole wheat pancakes and what did you think I ordered?
A stack made w/ sliced bananas, candied slivered almonds, and Ghirardelli chips!
Silly me.
But they were very, very good!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-good-egg-chandler?select=0Wuwde1B28GdL1HXRxQUBQ#0Wuwde1B28GdL1HXRxQUBQ  The toasted slivered almonds added a different texture from those whole candied almonds I have at home, and the chips at GE didn't burn on the griddle like those I'd made myself.
(I'd skipped the secret step to making great choccy chip pancakes... you have to coat them w/ flour first to keep them from sinking to the bottom when you add them to the batter!
Yesterday, however, I just topped my cakes w/ some chips, so no wonder they charred when I flipped them over.
)  Um, but I digress...
The corned beef hash, ordered on the crispy side, was crisped nice and salty.
It could've been a little crispier, but these were good enough.
Loved the salt-sweet contrast- what a great meal!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-good-egg-chandler?select=Ojm8b8LkvBVqJ4D3Jrer9A#Ojm8b8LkvBVqJ4D3Jrer9A  The coffee was freshly-brewed and strong, and I liked having a thermos on the table for me to pour myself another cuppa.
Last, but not least, the strawberry shortcake was just the perfect way to cap a terrific experience at GE.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-good-egg-chandler?select=N_Uofl8oX8l-RQMZ6i39Dw#N_Uofl8oX8l-RQMZ6i39Dw  Well, that and the large cup of coffee everyone gets to take on the way out.
Now that's a nice touch!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-good-egg-chandler?select=LsiGK7lm6zIoeyI_8-cFcw#LsiGK7lm6zIoeyI_8-cFcw  If you're a Good Egg fan, you may want to stop by and partake in their giftcard offer to expire on 12/24- get $5 off your ticket when you buy a giftcard worth $25 or more!
[I got a better deal, though... ;)]

I go to this restaurant usually on Sunday morning because they have their awesome double stamp days.
Now for the restaurant-The wait can be a little annoying especially on the weekends.
But, that's expected.
The atmosphere-I usually  go to the one in Chandler off of Ray Rd.
The atmosphere is very friendly and the restaurant is clean.
I like the little breakfast bar they have.
Food-The food is delicious and they have the perfect portions for me.
However, my husband often complains that they don't give him enough food.
But, this is where the cool little $1 menu comes in.
They have a wide  range of things that you can add to your meal for $1.
I usually add the fruit cup or mini-pancakes.
I haven't had a chance to try a lot of their menu items.
They have a pretty long list of items and I often get overwhelmed trying to figure out what to order.
I have had the 7 Veggie Omelette.
It was very tasty!
What made it more enjoyable was knowing that I was eating a healthy omelette.
Some of them have tons of ingredients and even one with all meat.
The one thing that I have tried that I DO NOT recommend is the biscuits and gravy.
I have had better.
The gravy can taste a little bland and the biscuits taste chewy on the inside.
Services-The service can be hit or miss.
But, I do like that they give a large cup of your beverage to go.
Great place overall.

The Good Egg is a decent, if not outstanding, breakfast joint.
They have a vast menu but the grub is neither outstanding nor lousy - it's just pretty fair, nothing that would make you say "WOW!
", but never disappoints either.
The service can be a bit spotty.
In the ultra-competitive breakfast landscape, TGE rates a 3-star experience on the Brak-o-Meter - and there are plenty of better options around, though as Dirty Harry Callahan once said, "you could do a helluva lot worse".

Our waitress was awesome, we tried the special (chili con carne burrito) after she explained what was in it, it sounded awesome, and it was.
Service was prompt and everything including their new habanero hot sauce was full of flavor and delicious.
We will be back

The Good Egg is a great breakfast place with several locations in the Phoenix area and also some in Tucson.
So, regardless of where you are in the valley, you are sure to be close to this breakfast action.
I've been to the Good Egg several times and have to say that the winners on the menu are the "Sun Devil Scramble", the "Breakfast Sandwich", the "Old Pueblo", the "Bleu and Brie Omelet", the "Krabby One" crepe, and the "Lumberjack Frittata".
The "Sun Devil Scramble" is eggs, ham, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, and melted cheese.
When you order The "Breakfast Sandwich", you get to customize your sandwich the way you like it.
You choose how you would like your eggs prepared, which breakfast meat to put on the sandwich, and what type of bread to put all the goodness inside of.
They also add melted cheese.
The "Old Pueblo" is a breakfast skillet that is made up of chorizo, green chilies, tomatoes, melted cheese, eggs, and pico de gallo.
This tasty skillet also comes with flour tortillas on the side.
The "Blue and Brie Omelet" is one of the most unique and tasty omelets I've had.
It consists of honey smoked turkey, spinach, broccoli, mushrooms, grilled onions, water chestnuts, tomatoes, bacon, and a trio of tasty cheeses, brie, jack, and bleu.
The "Krabby One" crepe is awesome!
It is made up of spinach, mushrooms, onion, brie cheese, crab, shrimp, hollandaise sauce, tomatoes, and scallions.
The "Lumberjack Frittata" is probably my favorite menu item at The Good Egg.
It has ham, bacon, sausage, mushrooms, onions, bell peppers, potatoes, melted cheese, sausage gravy, and scallions.
The Good Egg gets five stars for their friendly service, awesome and consistent quality, unique breakfast items, and very tasty food.

My fav bfast place by far.
I have ordered the apple/cinamon crepes, the mushroom caps with eggs and the chorizo/egg/potato skillet (forgot the name).
LORD they are all so good in different ways.
The wait is a bit long on the weekends and that's always annoying, but that's really it.
The menu has a wide variety to choose from and some dishes are very unique.
It's not like Dennys or IHOP where they just have basic bfast items.
If you like mushrooms I recommend the mushroom caps.
They are stuffed with cheese and amazing.
Love this place!

Unbelievably huge breakfast menu.
Food quality seemed good and portion sizes were very good.
I would definitely try again.

Yeah another Breakfast Review :)  This is pretty much my go to breakfast place near my house.
They have all the classics and a few things you probably won't get anywhere else.
They have breakfast place coffee that is nothing special just normal ( no fancy drinks ).
The staff is usually right on top of things, I did deduct 1 star since occasionally the food is a bit cold when it comes out.
Not sure why that is, even when they are not very busy.
They have the best blueberry pancakes I have had in the valley, but be warned they are giant.
One pancake is more than enough for one person.
Who can actually eat three?
Another really cool thing they have here is the crepes-eggs it's an omelet wrapped in a crepe.
I always get the LIGHT ONE ( Filled w/fresh spinach, sliced avocado, sliced mushrooms, Jack & sharp Cheddar cheese, served w/a side of homemade Poppy Seed dressing)  it's is a pretty awesome breakfast food and what I get when I am not in the mood for pancakes.
Try: - Blue Berry Pancakes ( They are Huge ) - Light One Crepes-eggs - Eggs Florentine

Wait staff very friendly ... Quick to keep your drink refilled.
I love the la vida loca omelette

This is one of the best places to get breakfast in the area.
Service can be hit or miss, but the food always makes up for it.
They have an extensive menu and lots of different kinds of omelets.
Its vegetarian friendly-a plus, and lots of healthy options.
Plenty of unhealthy ones too, so feel free to indulge

This used to be one of my favorite spots, but I haven't been here in awhile now.
The last three times I took friends to eat here we were completely forgotten after we were seated.
I can see one time, but three?
The last time after we were seated we sat for 10 minutes and there was not one single employee on the floor.
When we finally decided to leave the manager came from the back and asked why we were leaving.
He evidently didn't notice that there was no one on the floor waiting on anyone.
It's very disappointing I might head back around the food is/was really good.

A notch above IHOP and Denny's thanks to a big menu and a more homey feel (they treat you like a regular every time).
The food is standard for Arizona suburban brunch food in terms of creativeness or flavor.
Nothing to complain about but nothing to write home about (just enough to warrant a yelp review :P).

Amazing breakfast every time :)

Typically go here once a weekend and can't complain about the service.
There was one time however when the hostess (who was a fill in, younger, blonde) made a mess of the seating.
The managers (taller redhead lady and a younger man with a deep voice and black hair) are always nice and willing to help out.
I've been to several Good Egg locations throughout the valley and this one is the most consistent.

Food always hot and fresh here.
I eat here once a week and always get one of the crepe and egg omletes.
They servers are usually seem to be happy to work there and I see people working there for many years.
I like supporting a local business.

The family and I went to the good egg today for brunch.
I've never been to the Good Egg, but have always wanted too and heard good things.
We were seated promptly, greeted and asked for our drinks.
Shortly after the drinks were received, we ordered our food.
The food came out very quickly, hot, as ordered.
Everyone at the table had various combinations of omlettes.
Everything was very good and I enjoyed the hone style potatoes that came with my meal.
The jam at the table is also very good!
Definitely a place we will frequent from time to time for breakfast/brunch.
Staff was very friendly and location very clean.

I came here because I got a fully stamped loyalty card from my gf who liked The Good Egg, but wanted me to try it out for myself.
So I went alone on a Sunday morning around 9:30 & sat at the bar area.
The atmosphere was great.
The restaurant was full of people which led me to believe that it was a awesome place (I love packed establishments more than empty ones).
I didn't have to wait to be seated at all.
I had to take a considerable amount of time looking at the menu because I hadn't the slightest clue what I wanted or craved.
Finally I ordered something that was not exactly on the menu, but it still had the basis of what I wanted.
I wanted a Skillet with country potatoes, scrambled eggs, bacon, ham, & cheese.
That's it.
Nothing else.
The waitress, Yvette, was so helpful.
She created my order on the ticket anyway & the way I like it.
She said I can order the skillet however I want it.
Wow.
No one says that anymore.
Most restaurants always tell me if its not on the menu then they can't make it.
Rubbish!
Of course they can, they're just being lazy & don't feel like asking the cooks to make something non-standard.
But not The Good Egg.
These guys will please you.
Now just don't go asking for an egg with a Filet Mignon on the side because that would just be dumb.
My requests are always within reason or within the bounds of good sense or practicality.
I opted for the choice of English muffin as an included side.
I almost always drink apple juice if I'm eating a breakfast meal, whether it be at home or out.
I didn't want to overdo it on my bill so I stayed with the refreshing water they have.
I don't know if it's filtered but it tasted like it was.
Also I wanted a side item like a slice of french toast, but she said it would have been $3.50 or higher for one slice.
I told it her it must be huge.
She said yeah they are normally pretty big.
She told me if I just wanted something smaller I could get one pancake for a buck.
Of course I took the one pancake because that's all I needed.
So I got my food in a good amount of time & was marveled by the sight of my skillet.
It looked so good.
It was a decent temperature, the eggs were cooked to order in my style (hard scrambled), the potatoes were seasoned just right, the bacon & ham was scattered all over, & all mixed in with melted cheese.
I ate well that day.
The English muffin was nice with the gourmet strawberry jam that was there for me to grab.
The pancake was not small.
It was huge!
For a buck?!
Whoa.
It was buttery & of course I plastered it with syrup.
It was a nice touch on the side of my lovely skillet.
I couldn't even finish everything.
The skillet has a lot of food in it!
Like I said before, Yvette was sweet & gave me everything I needed.
When it came time to pay, I handed my free voucher to Lisa, the front greeter/seater, who sat me.
She looked it over & saw what I had for breakfast & decided it would all be covered under the free meal voucher.
So NICE of her!
I mean, I didn't order much, but still, that was nice of her to include the pancake as well.
I love this chick, already.
:-)  So my Sunday turned out to have a real good start to it.
I had a nice chat with the nice woman at the front counter, Selena, about how I never do this type of thing, which is go to a full service breakfast restaurant & eat well, & ALONE to top it all off.
I mean I used to go to the "Hop" & the "Den" all the time but that was because other people always dragged me to those places by force.
Now this, here, is a place you would not have to drag me to.
All in all, the staff is on top of it.
Everyone working here is friendly, UNLIKE the rest of Arizona, or Phoenix, or wherever this general meanness originates from!
People in this state are always angry at something or I think the heat is getting to them!
Nope.
Not at The Good Egg.
This is good old Texas style hospitality.
The employees at Good Egg don't act like you are bothering them, but instead like you are a pleasure to have as a guest of honor.
Thank you, Good Egg.
There was no way I was going to let this one go by without being mentioned on this website.
Yelpers, read carefully: This is good.
The name suits them well.

My g/f picked this place to go for lunch otherwise I never would have had it on my radar.
I also wouldn't have thought of an "egg place" for lunch.
They have an extensive menu with traditional "egg" dishes like scrambles, omlettes, crepes but they also have salads and sandwiches and they also have a "Healthy" section on their menu.
I decided to go with the Spanish Omelette.
I wish I would have asked for no sour cream and a side of pico but, other than that, it was delicious.
It came iwth a slice of wheat toast and nstead of potatoes I chose the fresh fruit.
Very flavorful and filling.
The service was also very friendly and prompt.
I will go back.

Reasons I continue to patron The Good Egg with the senior crowd:  * Stamp Card.
Who doesn't love eventual free entrees?
* Green Chiles wherever and whenever you want them.
* Enormous to-go cups for coffee you don't finish before you leave.
* Calories for every item listed on the menu.
* I've been here probably a dozen times, and the poached eggs have been cooked consistently well every time.
* Snappy service, clean restrooms, and rarely a wait-time.
These guys are on point.

Delicious.
I love their version of Eggs Benny with Turkey and Advocado, instead of ham.
The prices are okay too, especially if you use their stamp card program.
The location on Rural seems to have a wait on Sat & Sun's, but it's worth it.

I have been to this sorry establishment and swore never to come back.
Sadly I broke my promise and came back.
My wife was very hungry and I was thinking of a different restaurant but ended up coming here.
From the point of entering the restaurant I should have left.
It smelled sour as if someone used a sour wash cloth and wiped down the entire place.
It couldn't have been that it must have been something else like a wet moldy carpet.
I mentioned it to my wife and she said well were here now.
I think she was too hungry but she proceded to complain about it right up till the food being delivered.
I ordered corned beef hash and eggs.
The eggs were cold.
The corn beef has was not cooked and cold.
Presentation was horrible.
I looked at it and seen how it was undercooked from a can and dumped into my plate and lost my appetitie.
My wife ate half her food and I never touched mine.
$16 for Eggs benedict that was made from a can, rancid coffee, sour smell to entire room, undercooked cold food.
I will not be back.
If I do come back I have no one else to blame.

I have never had a dissapointing meal here.
Their protein pancakes alone make this place 5 stars (not really but you get the point that they are THAT good).
I usually go here 1-2 a month and can honestly say I have not had bad service or food.

Best breakfast in west Chandler!
I love their crepe eggs and calorie/nutritional info printed on the menu.

What a nice surprise.
This place is a diamond in the rough.
Clean, great friendly service and excellent food.
We were visiting the area and looked for breakfast restaurants on Yelp and like the reviews so we tried it out.

It's was New Years Day so I wanted to try a new place and settled on The Good Egg.
The place has a home like feel and reminded me of the Midwest.
The menu was big and had a great variety.
I had the egg-crepe things...basically an omelette wrapped in a crepe w a side of hollandaise sauce.
Looked like a quesadilla and tasted great.
Will be back for sure.

Really enjoyed my pancakes here today.
One of the better versions around.
The blueberries were cooked into the pancakes and then for another 50 cents I added carmelized pecans.
Two of these things were enough, but they were good enough to get the full stack if you were really hungry.
The only negative was the extra $1 upgrade charge for real maple syrup.
The syrup on the table is fine though and it's more about  the pancakes which were indeed fluffy and quite good.
Oh yeah, pay at the front -old school style.

We stopped in here for a quick meal while in town for spring training.
The food was great.
The portions were just right and the service was fast and excellent.
It was a warm day out and they immediately gave us a pitcher of water.
We ordered orange juice to start with - it was very fresh.
Both of the dishes we ordered were amazing.
Here is what we ordered:    Baja Shrimp Boat  A boat of sliced avocado, sautéed lemon pepper shrimp, 2 poached eggs, chili verde sauce & pico de gallo.
salsa & flour tortillas on the side.
Country Combo  Ham, sausage, bacon, jack & sharp cheddar.
Side of potatoes and english muffin!
I will definitely go back!

I am a big fan of Mexican breakfast and we enjoyed an awesome experience at the Good Egg last weekend on our way to Pinnacle Peak.
I am worried I am not reviewing the RIGHT one b/c I honestly don't remember which one we were at, but the point is, I enjoyed my breakfast here: The WILDCAT SCRAMBLE 3 eggs scrambled & served in a skillet with your choice of Egg-stra.
Chorizo, corn tortilla strips, green chilies, grilled onion, black beans, melted cheeses, Veracruz sauce, sour cream & scallions.
Served with salsa & flour tortillas on the side.
I loooooved this meal.
It was filling, over-caloried and served with coffee and fresh OJ.
Yuuuuummmmillllongdingdong.
And - outdoor dining.
YAY.
I love eating with the sun beating down on my skin.
Soooo lovely!
Phoenix you are spoiled.
Have I mentioned that lately?

I was going to the All American eyeglass shop in the same shopping center to get a lens fixed that had popped out and it was a choice for Jack in the Box or the Good Egg for lunch while I waited for repairs and well, any non-fast food port in a culinary storm.
I know, I know, breakfast place, order breakfast!
However, it was about 1 pm and I wanted lunch so I order a club sandwich with a side Caesar salad.
The club sandwich was okay but the side salad with a little bowl of regular salad with the dressing sort of poured on top.
The lettuce seemed a bit wilted and the dressing was blah.
As for the Sandwich it was okay but the bacon was surprisingly tasteless.
Bottom line, it was healthier than Jack in the Box, and the waitress was super nice (even asked if I wanted a to-go ice tea) but the meal,from a culinary standpoint, was just blah.
I don't hate the place but when in the breakfast place, get breakfast.
I have a feeling they do that pretty well.

The Egg...
I try a lot of breakfast places and I have tried several of their locations and each time I have I have had a good plain breakfast.
The truth is it was nothing special.
The food is just that, nothing special.
The Good, the place is nice, friendly staff.
The Bad, they are normaly short staffed and this leads to mistakes.
I've had 3 bad meals due to server error.
Each time fixed but given how busy they are, they should be better prepared.
Lastly, the food just isn't that good.
The steak and eggs are plain and the beef dosn't taste like steak...   Last word is I'd rather go to Denny's if I am going to have a basic breakfast.
It's a better chain...

Absolutely love this place!
Jill and Eric are amazing!
Service can't be beat!!
The Little cheesy omelet is perfect size.

You can't beat double stamp Monday!
And don't forget to ask for Jen..she is an amazing server!
Never had a bad breakfast at this joint!

The good egg is a pancake place, always go here for the pancakes and I love trying the seasonal ones my favorite being the Haloween Pancake that had caramel and almonds and peanut butter mixed it; IT WAS AWESOME!
Last time I went I had eggs and toast which would be on par with just about anywhere else.
I should have sprung for the corned beef hash though my friend had that and it was phenomenal he says.

Chocolate Caramel Cocoa is a must try, best Cocoa ever (I ain't fan of cocoa but this one is really good).
Potatoes well cooked.
Omelette well made.

Come here every Sunday for breakfast.
Great, friendly service.
Love the Casa Potencia.
It's a nice high protein low fat scramble with black beans and a what tortilla.

Very good food.
I'm typically not a big fan of going out for breakfast.
I prefer a quick meal and waiting around to pay $10 to eat eggs just doesn't get me excited.
The food here makes it worth the trip and the wait.
The skillets were awesome and the crepes...they looked fantastic.
I look forward to going back and taking them down!

I had eggs basted medium hashbrowns and bacon.
All where cooked as ordered.
I tried a bite of a skillet and was not that impressed compared to some other breakfast places around.
It was all in all a good breakfast, but I am super critical on breakfast joints.

For a simple egg breakfast, it was pretty decent!
I would go there and order it again!

This was probably one of the best breakfasts I've ever had anywhere in a restaurant, if not THE best.
The only reason it's not a five-star is because the service is awful.
I got seated fairly quickly in the almost empty restaurant, but the waitress moved at a snail's pace.
She finally got my order in while I watched a lady who came in quite a bit after me get her food first.
That part aside the food is heavenly!
I don't know that I can eat breakfast anywhere else again.
I went for the egg white and veggie omelet because of its seriously low calories (270).
I doubt I could have ordered anything with more calories and it been more flavorful.
The vegetables were all cooked perfectly, the omelette seasoned just right and the brie on top was the crowning touch.
It was seriously the best food I've tasted for breakfast in a LONG time.
I have to forgive the terrible service because this food is too good.
I'd actually probably wait an hour if I had to.
No joke.
Best breakfast bet around.

The inside is like a Bob Evans from the early 90s.
The food is pretty good.
I enjoyed the special of the day, which was a delicious Mexican-style omelet, wrapped in a tortilla, with some type of mole-type sauce in it.
I don't think I'll dine here again, but if you've not been here before, or if you find it convenient, it's not a bad place to try.

