I have tried several places for pedicure and this gets my vote for my favorite.
It is a husband-wife team who are super friendly.
I like that they engage in conversation and it is not all about upselling every small detail like designs, sea salts, scrub, etc.
The extras are there for the asking, but let me tell you for $18 I got a foot soak in the massaging chair, clean up and trim of my toenails, foot scrub, leg massage and hot towel wrap for my legs and feet.
I love NASCAR so I wanted to share my passion for my favorite driver, Kyle Busch in the M&Ms Toyota #18 Camry.
I grabbed five colors, red, green, yellow, blue and orange, jokingly they said to me "ah can't decide", I said "I want all five, just like M&M's" and showed them a photo of Kyle's car from my phone.
I love how they know everyone who comes in and everyone is excited to see them as well.
Once done the husband and wife admired the work and even another patron had asked to check it out as well as see my photo.
I must have been the first NASCAR client.
Can't wait to do again and hopefully my finger nails grow some so I can go all out!
I The pedicure last awhile too, I know with the economy it is hard to get back every two weeks, so if you want something to last this is the place!
Thanks again 1st Nails, your work impresses me more with each visit!
5 Stars!

I have been going to Nick & Candy for several years now as they are close to my work.
I go in at lunch and Nick does my nail fill for me in just over 1/2 hour!
How great is that?!
:-)  Candy gives heavenly pedicures and their prices are super reasonable (pedicures are $18, fill is $14 and a new set, including removal of the old set is $25).
They are fabulous about keeping your appointment time and not letting walk-ins take your time and then you are "squeezed" you in and making you late the way that other salons do.
I frequently phone Nick for a last minute appointment - sometimes he has them and sometimes not but, when you get a slot, you know they will cater to you during your scheduled appointment time.
Nick and Candy are both super friendly and give excellent service.

I have been going here for years.
I have never had a bad experience.
I have had pedicures, manicures and nail sets.
I even take my mom for mother's day every year.
They still ask me about her.
You will not find a better, friendlier, reasonably priced salon.

This was my 1st time in PHX, and needed a pedicure badly.
I searched YELP*, and found 1st Nails II was rated a 5star.
The review was so great that I decided to try them.
The husband and wife team was so polite.
They made me feel as if they knew me for years.
Oh!
And the job she did on my feet was fantastic!

My experiences here have been great!
The business is owned and ran by a lovely couple.
They take their time and give great service.
They don't dilute their polish, they sanitize everything, and have NEVER accidentally cut me.
They are friendly and talkative unlike some other nail salons.
I highly recommend!

Truly a 5 star experience.
Iv been to LOTS of nail salons,  probably over 100.
This by far is my favorite.
Its family owned/operated.
The staff speaks English and totally caters to what the customer wants.
Special requests are welcomed.
Iv been to so many nail, salons that want to charge 5 dollars for this and that and everything in between.
You can't beat the prices here and they're work really is quality.
Lots of options (tips, crystals, etc).
I wish they were in Santa Monica,  but I will definitely be coming here when im in Arizona.
A+ .

This is the BEST nail salon around.
I visited after reading the reviews from other Yelpers and I have to say they were right!
The owners are a husband and wife who work together running the salon.
I have gel nails and have had them done at many places but this the first time I really felt like Nick cared about my nails.
He took his time, shaped them, filed them, was cared not to be rough and then even after another customer came in and was waiting did not rush to finish.
He took his time and made sure the coloring was perfect.
They are also way more reasonably priced than most places in the area.
If you care they do offer Vegan colors.
Plus they are VERY clean.
They clean everything right in front of you and put in the machine as soon as they are finished.
I can't recommend them enough!

I have never been to a 'neighborhood' salon to have a pedicure.
I researched many places in the Phoenix area.
I was not disappointed!
The pedicure was very nice, my nails look beautiful, and they added a flower to my big toe.
Pedicure starts at $18, which I thought was very reasonable.
They take their time, even when they have other clients there.
They are friendly and treat you like family.
Asked about my family, kids, parents, and we discussed other subjects as well.
Very relaxing, very detailed and clean work.
I will return!

I stopped in for a pedicure based on the reviews.
What a gem.
Nothing fancy but everything you would want in a nail salon: friendly service, good selection of quality polish, excellent foot massage, good prices.
I will definitely be back.

Love this place!
The staff was very friendly and my nails turned out fantastic.
I will be a return customer.

Very professional service.
They really care about each and every client, ask about family.
They are an honest business, great prices!

Awesome place!!
I rarely get my nails done because I use to bite them but now that I'm letting them grow out I would definitely be back.
The husband who runs the shop was super nice, very talkative, and really professional.
Made me feel like he knew me my whole life.
I will recommend this place to friends and will be going back when I need my nails trim.

I will be back!
My first time there was today and I couldn't be more happy.
Nick did a great job and they even painted my daughters toes and fingers for free!!
Love this little family owned shop!!
I will be taking my mother in law there this weekend for pedicures!

I just moved to the area and was worried about finding a new nail place.
Came into 1st Nails and was greeted immediately and seen right away.
They listened to what I wanted and did everything wonderfully, the price was amazing compared to other nail places I have been so I gave an amazing tip for the fabulous service.
I got my acrylics taken off and gel polish put on and got a massage on my hands.
It was fabulous!
Great work and amazing service!!

