I love Red Robin's all you can eat fries -- too bad I can only consume the ones that come with my meal.
I have good memories of Red Robin -- my college days when we'd go to the Red Robin out in Daly City and split burgers and gorge on the fries.
When I left San Francisco for Las Vegas the last meal with my friends from the Bay Area was at Red Robin.
I'm glad that no matter where I have been there has been a Red Robin to eat at.
I get moments where I must have their bacon cheeseburger.
I fiend for their fries.
My only universal complaint about Red Robin is that it is freaking LOUD in there.
I mean the kind of loud that is so obnoxious that I feel I have to take some aspirin.
But what I do see everytime are happy smiling faces from their customers.
They must be doing something right!
Food can be a bit salty because they put their seasoning on *everything* (I half expected it to be in my ice tea, too) - and their seasoning contains MSG.
So being the fussy girl that I am, I always ask that absolutely zero seasoning be put on my food.
Yea, call me a killer of fun, but would you rather spend time with me eating and laughing or watching me be carted off in an ambulance to the nearest emergency room?
What I also love about Red Robin is their strawberry shake...I haven't had one in a long time, but I know that if I even have one drop, I won't be able to stop.
I will want strawberry shakes until I die.
So I try to take a sip off of friends' shakes...which usually turns into a brain ache slug that leaves them with more whipped cream than shake.
:D  Oops, my bad!
I really do love their chocolate malts, too.
That is such a wonderful dessert.
I've found service at this particular Red Robin to be extremely attentive and friendly.
I always leave with a smile on my face and an ache in my gut (a good ache, not a bad one!

The Royal Red Robin burger is the best, it's a great burger WITH a fried egg on it, could it get any better?
Fun, family style restuarant

It's not that I don't like burgers.
I just need to be in the mood for a burger.
Last night when I went to Red Robin I wasn't.
Why the hell did you go to Red Robin you say?
I had a left-over gift card to use, ok?
So I went with a veggie burger prepared like one of their  "signature" burgers.
It had melted cheese, bourbon sauce and onion straws.
Of course it came with fries.
I didn't finish the veggie burger and it didn't sit well with me.
Oh well.
Good try.
The service was outstanding and garnered a nice tip by the way.
So for this visit, 2 stars.
I did have a burger here several months ago and it was pretty good.
3 stars for that visit.

I felt like I was sitting through 'Shenaniganz' because my experience was hilarious.
The waitress was super friendly (not a bad thing or anything), but  overly hyper and excited, I starting to wonder if she worked for corporate or something.
So I couldn't decide if I wanted a Red Robin gourmet burger or the new spicy Jalepeno burger...the waitress comes to take the order and I ask her which one she likes better.
She said that she liked the Jalepeno one better because the last time she tried it, she "had an orgasm in her mouth", no joke, exactly what she said.
Hubs and I were trying so hard not to laugh...as she disappeared in the back after our order, I could only think of a million things I could have said.
I was dying with laughter.
Kris said, "that was kind of innappropriate, but funny".
Was the burger really THAT good?
haha...
It was pretty good, it was a nice mix of  jalepeno poppers, monterey jack cheese, plenty of meat, tomatos and cajun sauce.
And the bottomless fries are great.
Just not orgasmic great.
: )  The service was a little out there, I kind of felt we were dining at a strip joint, but I held my tongue.
Food makes up for it big time.

Had the new roast beef with au jus sandwich.
I was able to sub a caesar salad for the default bottomless fries.
Server was friendly and understanding as I had a few questions for her before I could order.
The fourth star was for the complimentary birthday sundae that was waiting for me when I had arrived back from a visit to the restroom.
Now why would I rate an extra star for this, you ask?
Since I actually paid for the meal with a birthday coupon, I had not expected the complimentary sundae.
Quite thoughtful of the server, I thought, and this act garnered her a few more dollars in tips!

It concerns me that I call myself a food snob and then give red robin five stars.
but: did you have the burger I just had there?
I can slum it with the best of them but the reason why RR gets the big five stars from me is that even though it's not high rent, the food is really fucking tasty.
to wit: today I had a burger with a fried egg on it, with three strips of bacon.
Delicious.
Sloppy.
Hot.
Tasty.
Fatty.
Perfect.
Really, I can tell you that that burger is one of the better burgers I've ever eaten.
It also comes with these garlic parmesan fries that are hell on your co-workers' olfactory sensibilities but what have they done for me lately?
I have, many times, had the california chicken burger--sloppy, with guacamole and bacon and it is really damn good.
I know, I know, how dare I?
Well I dare, bitch.
I dare.
Plus the fries are free refills.

The service was non-existent and when someone did come to our table she asked to take our order but failed to give us menus!!!
WTF!
We complained to the manager whose command of the English language was lack luster.
We couldn't understand what he was saying and wasn't sure he understood what we were saying.
Overall it was the worst restaurant experience I'd ever had.
The vibe in the store was strange too - like the place is filled with hate, anger and misery.
4 waitresses came out to sing happy birthday but none of them would come over to take our order.
We sat there, they all sang and walked away.
All I can say is there's something terribly wrong with this RR location.

DH and I went here after I got sucked in by the Mt.
Olympus burger commercials on TV.
Neither of us had been to one before, so we figured we might as well try it out.
Our experience was good - we had a good waitress who was attentive.
She knew when to bring refills, when to stay away, and was a psychic when it came to knowing when my hubby needed napkins.
I also want to mention the experience of a couple sitting nearby.
She had ordered a turkey burger and did not find it to her liking.
They offered to bring something else out to her immediately, for free.
They also offered to keep refilling her fries - for free.
They offered her a free dessert, a free shake - free ANYTHING.
The waitress and then the manager.
I have seen some negative reviews about the customer service at this place - so I just want to mention:  If something bothers you, mention it.
I would be willing to bet they fix it.
Immediately.
We both enjoyed our food, had a pleasant dining experience, and got to overhear how we would have been treated had we not been happy.
Solid 4-star experience.

Old Reliable...   That's what our family calls this place.
When we cant think of a new place to eat when we go our, or everyone is arguing about this place or that place, we always say "Ok, well lets go to Red Robin.."    Ive been here at least 20 times, and every time I go, it just gets tastier.
I mean, what place offers all-you-can-eat fries?
Steak fries!..
Funny though, even knowing I can have more than one basket, I get just one..
If you want good service, use Tim.
He rocks and is usually serving the tables in the middle or the booths just next to them.
What to get?
I love their Royal Red Robin burger.
Call me traditional, but how awesome is it that you have a hamburger with a fried egg on it?
Gross you say?
Ohhh just the opposite, mouth watering delicious.
If you are in to wings, they have these amazing dry rub wings that just bite you back.
Id get a ton of them if they were cheaper..   Also if you love Root beer floats, get ready because for $3.00  you can get all-you-can-drink floats.
How cool is that?
I love their iced tea.
All I drink when I go out is iced tea and Red Robin has some of the best out there.
Ugg.. i feel like going there for lunch now .
Damn you Red Robin!!
Maybe this weekend!

Great service!
Great Burgers!

Great food.
Average prices.
Quality service most times.

Its what you expect, burgers and fries.
But wait, there is more now.
There are sweet potato fries.
Yes, you heard it here first - sweet potato fries - yum.
I find the drinks fun to look at and yummy to drink but a bit on the pricey side.
Here's another great hint - they have smaller portion burgers!
I can never finish the whole regular burger so this is a great deal.
Comfortable easy place to be.
Someday I'll save room for dessert.

Not bad for a chain but I have to say that my burger was a little on the salty side and I wish I had known about the endless fries earlier!
Here I am sitting like a dummy with only one serving of fries in my stomach.
Root beer floats are cheap and super big, not to mention the bomb vegetarian burger!
You can get anything just swap out the meat for a vegan patty.

Did i really just pay 13.29 for this pathetic sandwich?
the "prime rib dip" looked so good on the menu, but what showed up at my table was a weak, dried up little sandwich, with no flavor, chewy overcooked meat, and served on what was nothing more than a tiny, hard oversized breadstick.
our waitress annie, while pleasant enough, seemed unconcerned with the fact that i only took one bite out of this sandwich before pushing it aside, and DID NOT want a to go container.
i dine out a lot, and this was possibly the worst most overpriced thing i've been served in a long time.
The "game day nachos" were almost equally sad.
at 8.99 they came with just a handful of chips and the same gross "cheez-whiz" style sauce you squirt on your nachos at the local 7-11. disgusting  the rest of my party seemed ok with their burgers, even though my son ate less than half of his, and also did not want a to go container.
at $65 for 3 people ($78 with tip) this was a completely dissatisfying and overpriced meal.

Pretty good food for a big chain.
The burgers taste great, all though they do put on too much mayo, but very juicy meat.
The fires are AMAZING.
The chicken strips have great taste.
And for the kids, the macaroni and cheese is outstanding.
Reason I gave 4 stars is the fact that they are way over priced.

Not only do I like their burgers, but their Bruschetta Chicken Sandwich is tasty and filling.
Sign up and get a free burger every year on your birthday!

I love this place when I am looking for something more than just a fast food burger.
My personal favorite is the Blue Ribbon Burger its so tasty.
It has just the right amount of bleu cheese an steak sauce topped off with crispy onion strings and don't forget to try the parmesan garlic fries with your burger.

Was wanting a burger, but didn't want to cook dinner so I asked my daughter & son if they would like to go get some food, they picked Red Robin, we haven't been to a Red Robin since we have lived here so I was ok let's go try it.
The kids don't get the whole eating at non chain restaurants, there is still some push back and well this time I wanted a burger so it was cool  I ordered the Banzai Burger, I just love teriyaki burgers, the grilled pineapple and cheese with lettuce and mayo and for s&g's I toss in some thousand island dressing and it becomes this burger bliss!!
Now I like my burger well done, I'm not into the pink showing, but the burger I ordered was pink, told our server and he took the burger and got me a nicely done one!
And it was delish baby!!
Michael our server was great and attentive; making sure everyone had everything they needed.
The manager even took my burger off the check, which I didn't except because I was happy with my order after it was corrected.
It's always great to have good service!

Came in for my birthday burger, and decided on the garden-burger.
I hadn't tried it before, but I'll be trying it again, many more times.
I may even go vegetarian now that this baby is in my dietetic arsenal.
Love it!

I don't know what went wrong with this place.
The many times we have been here before the service was great now it has slowly gone downhill.
One waitress we had a few occasions ago was excellent.
She was friendly, took our order in a reasonable time, brought us sauces in adequate amounts (I hate it when they give you a dinky portion that you know you're just going to end up asking for more soon), we never needed to flag anyone down and she came over frequently but not too frequently to see if we were doing okay.
The last few times were terrible.
I think this is either the result of inadequate management or disorganization by everyone.
Possibly both, okay I must watch too many Kitchen Nightmares or something.
One time we were seated to the right of the restaurant when you come in, by the bar area.
A girl came and took our drink orders, myself partaking in an endless root beer float (only a little over $3 I might add) and my partner ordering a margarita.
Some time passed (10 min) and then we had to flag someone down to get them to bring us our drinks.
Margarita was disappointingly small for the price but root beer float was fabulous as usual, they forgot the spoon which also had to be flagged down for.
Ordering time comes which was during the span of time waiting for drinks and so forth.
Food takes awhile to come out, meanwhile the waitress is serving as the bartender for the whole restaurant making drinks one after another while waiters whiz by in and out carrying drink orders and we are left wondering when can we get a refill and where is our food?
Food finally comes and someone else brings it and we discover my partner's food is cold.
Sent it back and it comes back better but the whole experience was aggravating, no set server for a table and to keep flagging down people for things.
It was like the equivalent to being seated next to the bathroom or kitchen, forgetful service and confusing, crowded and busy servers rushing by.
The next time we came they tried to sit us there again!
We replied with a resounding NO and the girl looked very "butthurt" for lack of a more flavorful word.
We explained why but she didn't seem to be too concerned.
We sadly looked at the people who were sitting in that area, aware of the service they were about to receive.
Finally we ended up where we wanted to sit and the server was just okay, not very friendly.
I hate it when I look at other tables in a restaurant and I see their servers are way more friendlier than mine and then I end up having "server envy.
"   Summary: weekends are very crowded, if you are only two people they might try to stick you in the "forgetmenot" area.
Families and larger groups they seem to move to the main dining area as I noted.
I think I'm just going to find another location.
Although I dislike chains mostly, Red Robin is a decent place to grab a burger $8-11 and don't forget those bottomless fries.

It's Red Robin.
A burger joint.
With endless fries.
I like their burgers.
They taste fresh (because they are), and you can have them however you want.
They have numerous specialty burgers too.
The fries are ordinary.
But they have a shaker bottle of seasoning on the table that really helps them.
They are hot and fresh, but not seasoned.
Their shakes are pretty good, and they give you a lot (the glass, plus any extra in the metal mixing cup).
This is one of my preferred burger places (when I go out for a burger, which isn't really that often).

I am giving the review of the food i ate.
This is a fast food chain so don't expect any difference in the ambiance.
I ordered the ensanada chicken platter, You get two chicken breasts with salsa and salad.
Chicken breasts were hot and tender :).
Salsa was really tasty and i wished i could get more or try it out with some chips :P.  Lemonade is decent not that sweet which i liked.

I always get the Whiskey River BBQ Chicken Wrap when I go here - this is the only Red Robin I've found that actually makes it right!
Other ones for some reason just don't taste good.
Plus the fries.
You can't beat the fries!
Ask for extra ranch - they taste even better that way.

We were in the mood for a burger with my daughter and her friend so we went here.
We ordered apps and about 5 minutes later, our entree.
Apps came out quick and were pretty decent (jalapeno coins, onion rings and chips).
However, right on the heels of the apps came the entree's.
We had just started on the apps so the table was jam packed with food and dishes.
Take a tip and delay ordering your entree on a busy night.
They were clearly about turning tables, but the server was pleasant and not pushy.
I ordered the "burning love" burger.
Definitely not as hot and spicy as the description made it out to be, but decent which sums up the restaurant.

My mom and I went here for lunch not too long ago and we were enjoying our talks and our drinks.
We had already ordered and were just waiting for it to be boughten out.
When it did come out the manager himself came and talked to us saying the food took too long to cook.
We didnt notice nor cared.
But he said it didn't meet standards so our whole meal was free.
It was a pleasant dining experience and I will definitely be back more

I recently went to give this place a try.
Never did I expect to be seated right away, then simply forgotten.
Ten mins went by and no server to be seen walking by much less approaching any table down the aisle.
Ten mins was enough wasted time, so I left and walked across the street to a much friendlier restaurant with real service.
Update: 11-21-13 I went back today for a late lunch, of course very few people in the restaurant and service was what one would hope and expect.
Why isn't it great service all the time.
Many of my friends that I told about the very poor initial service ALL stated to a person that their service us simply MISERABLE but they do like their burgers.
Food today was OK, not enough for me to return for future poor service during busy times.
Too bad their reputation for service is so widely known for being poor.

Disappointing location.
The one on Cooper and Baseline is much better.
The fries were mealy and salt deprived.
The Royal Burger fell apart and the meat didn't have much flavor and was excessively salty.

Ok for the family, but I would not go out of my way to come back.

ordered the whiskey river bbq burger... looked nothing like the picture!
was pretty disappointed for i assumed that by going to red robin, id be getting a gourmet burger!
however, i would have rather had a burger from in n out, even burger king!
the restaurant decor was nice and gave a pulp fiction like feel when uma thurman had her $5 shake + burger.
hopefully this place can step up their game if they want to stay in business longer!
tips to the cook::  my buns couldve been buttered up ans toasted, i didnt see 1 onion string on the burger as to seeing lots on the pic.

I ordered to go for the first time and am extremely disappointed!
I ordered two doubles one cooked medium and the other medium rare.
Plus onion rings and fries.
One of my burgers was not a double so I called and the manager rudely said I double checked your order and it's right so what's the problem.
The I checked again and she wrote down my order correct but didn't ring it in correct so I guess that's my fault.
Then after I hung up with manager and I apologized for bothering him because she wrang the order wrong.
We proceeded to eat until both of our burgers were burnt black to a tiny thin crisp completely Un edible!
I've never seen a burger so gross.
They looked and smelled like they sat on a grill for hours!
And to top it off she got my dipping sauces wrong for my cold unseasoned fries!
$30 in the trash and I knew I couldn't call that manager again :(

Service is always horrible.
A female server was training a new guy and she was very rude.
Still tipped her good regardless of her rudeness.
Food is always well prepared and tasty but the service could be much better.

I previously had a bad experience here and the manager contacted me and definitely made it right.
I will be going back to try again and will post my experience :)

I love their garden burgers.
Did u know u can substitute with a garden burger for any of their gourmet designer burgers?
And can't say enough about all u can eat fries !
Normally I don't go for flavored teas, but I'm addicted to the pomegranate tea.
Very flavorable and just a little bit tart, really refreshing.
And the staff are all very friendly and super professional.

Mmm one of my favorite places to go!
I love almost everything on their menu and it is all very affordable :)

Every time I go to Red Robin it is a good deal.
I think they have the same cook 24 hours because the burgers never vary.
They are cooked to my satisfaction and I always eat too many fries.
Best service in Arizona.
Love this place.

So disappointed.
The burger was nothing like the photo.
Why is this called a gourmet burger?????
Bottomless fries but the staff never comes back after delivering the initial order.
Water glasses empty, fries empty, right under an air conditioning vent.
We were so excited to try this place and it was a total bust.
Hope you have a better experience.
I will not be rushing back to this place.

