So the actual Home Depot people are good to work with when ordering things but when a problem arises, they do not know how to handle things in a timely fashion.
We had several issues with our appliance delivery (more on that later, they use a really crappy delivery service called Barlows) and each one of the manager that we spoke to at Home Depot did not come through for several weeks.
They kept trying to get another person to do the job instead of handling the problem themselves.
I am really considering buying my future appliances through Lowes because of the issues I have had in getting things resolved.

Wow!
I am completely blown away.
So Home Depot contacts me via Yelp after reading my original review and asks for more info regarding the issue.
They actually are looking into the issues to make their customer service more efficient in the future.
I am very impressed that they actually took the time to contact me and and also offered a solution.
Its hard to find companies that will actually do any self reflecting like that.
Thank you Home Depot.

Great place.
I love this one, as everyone there is very friendly, and better yet...readily available to help me find what I need.
Picked up some pavers, sod, and plants on my last visit.
Everything worked out awesome.

Corporate Mega-chain Fun Fact:   Home Depot has a museum in Atlanta called "The Legend" which chronicles the company's history dating back to 1979 (wow, I'm older than Home Depot, that sucks) and illustrates their global presence, including the recent expansion into China.

Big box store to help you with your housing projects.
Only problem is finding useful help or people that actually know what they are talking about.
Do your homework before you!
Safety FIRST!

The customer service here is pretty good, and so is the selection of products.
It's a lot easier to find someone to help you here than it is at Lowe's!
They also have a sign up now that says they will beat any advertised price by 10%.

I went into this location to find one small thing that any hardware store should have, suction cup hooks for windows.
I looked in the cavernous store for about 10 minutes then decided to ask someone who worked there.
This is how it went:  1st Sales Associate :       Should be over with hooks aisle 15 or Mill work.
Then we walks away.
2nd Sales Associate stocking on another isle:       Hmm it should be over here.
Yells to another Sales Associate at a desk in doors.
3rd Desk Associate: Informs us that they are nowhere near where we are, and are probably "somewhere" in the tile section.
2nd SA : Head over to tile and ask someone over there they will be able to help you better.
Walk over to the no man's land that is tile....
Guess what; no sales associate.
So I wonder around for a bit then give up and leave.
I know they are a huge box store, but you would think with that many employees it would't take 20 minutes of kinda sort of trying to find something.
I guess if I spent more time in the Home Depot I would know where everything was.

Took me a while to find a staff member to help make a key copy.
Location seemed to be short staffed.
After which, I stood at the self check out where a screen seemed to have been frozen.
I pressed for help, but the monitoring cashier was on the phone with who seemed to be a co-worker.
A customer returned to the screen I was waiting on to finished his transaction (which was frozen) and I was then directed to another station when he and I experienced a short stand off.
2 stars for customer experience at the hand of staff.

Great garden center with friendly people to help...as a matter of fact all the people that work there are extremely helpful and friendly.
Just your huge hardware store that works well when you need it...

where else do you go for home things.
I know where else...I'm just saying....
This place does give a military discount tho & its much appreciated!

This Home Depot will not get my business again.
I sent over one of my associates to get a copy of a key made.
A simple copy.
She comes back and we try it in the door (the key looked significantly smaller than the original).. To my surprise the key doesn't even fit in the lock.
Completely different size.
The next day I sent a different associate over to take it back with the receipt and by now there should be another employee working the key counter so the key SHOULD come back in perfect condition right?
Wrong.
The key again is way smaller yet I still decide to try it in the lock, and what do you know?
Doesn't work.
I then decide to pay them a visit myself to see just what is going on there.
I arrive at Home Depot and while walking around for a bit (3 or 4 employees walked by without so much as a simple are you finding everything alright) and make my way to the key counter.
I tell the young man that this is the third I have came here for them to make a copy of my key.
He just stared at me and asked me for the key.
It takes him all of 6 seconds and hands me the key.
It once again looked completely different then the original so I pointed this out to him and he told me "no ma'am, it will work"..... Yep, you guessed it.
Did NOT work.
Home Depot I don't have time to send my employees and myself THREE times to your store for it to still not be resolved.
Needless to say I went to Ace Hardware the following day and they gave me 3 copies and all were in perfect condition.

The store is a joke And mismanaged.
Every time I want to buy a door a window or carpeting there's never a person available to help and I always go across the street to Lowe's and i can place an order.

Very personable people.
Don't be shy to ask for help.
most of the employee's will go out of their way to help.

What sets this location apart from others is the people.
Everyone I speak with or ask questions of has been excellent and very personable.
I definitely enjoy coming here!

