Associate was very nice and helpfull.
However they did not have the 1 item we specifically went there for, and she was unable to tell us when it would be back in stock.

Great selection, as one would exxpect from a Bath and Body Works.
But even better than that, great people.
They are always so helpful.
I will always come to this location.

Love, love, love BBW!
I was going to purchase the car freshers and I went into grab 4 (buy 4 get 2 free) and the associate came looking over breathing down my clavicle , scapula and humerus area!
Like WTF did you think I was stealing?
I was going to just put the items back and go to another BBW but I decided to just make my purchase and get out of that store.

Won't even try to deny it.
I'm a Bath & Body Works junkie!
There's a Wallflower in almost every room of my house; hand soap in my bathrooms and kitchen.
If B&BW ever discontinued the Sensual Amber, Forever Red or Country Chic body care lines, I might curl up and die- been using Sensual Amber since 2007!
Yeah, you get the picture.
Associates are always super helpful and fun to chat with whether you're looking for something new to try, getting your standbys or simply browsing on your lunch break.
Look for Buy 3, get 3 free on body care.
4 for $20 Wallflowers.
5 for $15 hand soaps.
Sometimes 2 for $22 candles!
Why this review lost two stars: One of the managers!
Lady is extra pushy on sales, so forget a peaceful "window shopping" session.
Have witnessed her being an angel in the face of customers, then an absolute troll to her associates in the same breath.
Just plain awful.
Also, as a previous reviewer mentioned: She will always assume you're shoplifting, especially if you're on a mission and know exactly what you're going to purchase.
Space bubble: Please respect it!
But overall, great customer service and products!
Will I continue shopping here?
You betcha!

I love the fact that this Bath & Body Works is located in a quiet and peaceful outdoor shopping plaza.
It makes it easy for me to get in and out without having to deal with the crowd like the ones at the mall.
They have great selections of different items and always have my favorite scents in stock.
Most of the staffs are friendly and helpful.
When I am in need of more hand soaps, candles, and the Wallflower fragrances, this is the only location I come to.
Easy in and out.

