I had to buy a new laptop last week, and decided to check out Best Buy.
I purchased one, only to get home and realize it was missing it's charger.
Back to Best Buy.
Then, they gave me a charger.
I headed home and plugged it in and... nothing.
The computer wouldn't work.
Back to Best Buy.
I purchased a different laptop this time, since I didn't trust the other one.
Got home and hated it.
It was huge and heavy.
Back to Best Buy.
So that last one was my own fault.
And, after looking at my own clump of receipts, I figured I was going to have trouble getting a refund or getting a different laptop.
But I was wrong!
Mo, a customer assistant with a great attitude, helped convince the manager to waive the restocking fee and get me the computer I wanted.
Even better, I didn't get the super obnoxious hard-sell about the warranties, software upgrades, etc., that I used to get at other Best Buys.
They offered them to me, true, but tnone of the salespeople were pushy, which I really appreciated.
Long story short, I'm really happy with the purchase I made, and will likely go back to Best Buy if I need to buy another computer.

Stay away.
Far away.
I purchased $500 worth of merchandise here in early December for Christmas presents because I had a 10% back gift card coupon.
When I got to the register they would not accept honor the coupon.
They said the coupons varied by store and that I could forget the coupon there.
I asked the manager and the young woman who was being very rude to me said she was the "team leader".
I laughed, told her the policy sucked, and she looked like she was 16 and not in charge.
She got irate with me, and told me to shut up or take my business elsewhere.
I asked her if she'd prefer I return the $500 worth of stuff I was buying, cut up my Best Buy credit card and never come back.
She said definitely.
I told her where she could stick it.
I went to customer service to get my refund.
I also told the store manager that his team leader was an immature little girl who needed to have a talking to.
Her apologized and said she should'nt've told me to not come back, which she did.
I refuse to back in there.

Not my favorite place.
I went today to get added RAM for my MAC computer.
I was unable to purchase this at the apple store due the fact that apple only carries current stuff in their store bc space is limited.
The guy that was helping at Best Buy, not friendly, not knowledgable, unable to answer questions I had.
Needless to say, I did not purchase from Best Buy.
Off to Frys electronics I go.

Not my favorite place at all **go to frys electronicks if you can**   the employees always seem to be un-familiar with their store layout and would rather walkie talkie to someone else to help you.
I think their hope is that you will just get irritated and either leave the store or walk around until you help yourself.
The prices are higher for items im familiar with than for example frys electronics, and you definetly will get better service elsewhere.

Corporate Mega-chain Fun Fact:   I always thought that Best Buy was a strictly American retailer but I recently found out that they have stores all across the world including Canada, Mexico, UK, and China!
This location is pretty much like any other.
They have a Magnolia home theater store inside and also all the major cell phone and satellite tv providers are there.
Watch out b/c this place can get crazy on the weekends due to its proximity to the mall.

Last Tuesday I got my windows tint at this best buy location .
On the 3rd day i realized I paid 175 to get a bunch of air bubbles, hair and dirt in my windows  .
When I explained to best buys installer Hugo over the phone what was wrong and to please redo it he totally brushed me off and told me wait till Monday to call back for another appointment .
I was so upset i went in to best buy on the same day I made the call ( Friday )  to set up a appointment face to face .
I was then promised a appointment at 12 pm Saturday .
When I got there at 12 pm and showed the installer Hugo my tint he then told me well it's not going to be perfect .
He also said if I even want'd it close to perfect it wouldn't be worth his time/ effort to redo the tint or even take the bad tint off of my brand new car .
Hugo also told me even though I had a 12 pm appointment he had no time for me today .
With that being said I went to the store manager Bob he told me Hugo has had some issues within the last six months with his quality of work and he would make him do it again and if I still wasn't happy  he would make him remove it and refund me .
So today Tuesday 10/15/ 2011 at 10 am I was supposed to get my windows tinted again  but an hour later Hugo calls back and tells me he can't do his job properly so come get my car and refund .
Bob the store manager at best buy did nothing not even apologies for leaving me car less for 2 and half days , wasting my time and getting treated with bad customer service from Hugo the installer at best buy of chandler .
O and not to mention scratched up my driver side window really bad from the inside so now i have to deal with best buy yet again  .Thank goodness  i didn't get an alarm or stereo installed in my car from Hugo after all the guy couldn't even tint a small cars window .
Fail Hugo from Best Buy of chandler !

This is our favorite best buy in the area.
They typically have the best deals on the items we buy.

I have been to some pretty bad Best Buys, but this one is horrible!
I was in the store at least 30 minutes and passed multiple employees, the only one to give me the time of day was the door greater and his efforts were half-assed at best!
I have NO intention of shopping at this location again.

Hi, welcome to Best Buy!!
sdfasdhfljkdsh  That's the only response they get from me, a response so vague it really is just a sound.
No customer service whatsoever, like the other reviewer said, two employees were chatting and we were standing looking right at them wondering where iPad cases were and they looked and continued chatting!
hmmm???
Using the powers of walking and sight, we were able to locate them but I still think we should have had some type acknowledgment.
Pretty basic like much all of the other Best Buy's.
I would recommend Fry's Electronics where although the employees can be just as idiotic, at least there is a way better selection of what you need.

What a Customer Service nightmare!
I turned in a laptop to the Geek Squad to be diagnosed as the screen was flickering.
I told them I needed a written diagnosis of what exactly was wrong.
No problem they said, we'll have to send it out for an estimate.
After noting my contact information was wrong, when the unit was ready, they called the wrong number anyway.
Having received no response they mailed the unit back to the store.
I had to call to find this information out.
Kevin, a Geek squad member said he would fix my contact info again and get that diagnosis the next day.
Well, 5 days later...
I had to call again.
They got the diagnosis, but Geek Squad member Scott says they won't put it in writing because of the liability and if corporate found out, he would get fired.
I need it in writing to file an insurance claim, which they from the moment I checked it in.
It's even on the ticket!
Why tell me AFTER you took my money and AFTER the work is done that you won't put it in writing?!
Went in to pick it up and the store manager James was the only one interested in customer service, but even he couldn't help me.
The arrogance of the Geek Squad at this store is beyond comprehension.
As I was signing for my laptop, the Geek Squad supervisor's only words to me were "You're free to go".
Like they had me in captivity!!
If this isn't an example of their unabated arrogance I don't know what is.
I am a Reward Zone Silver member at this store.
It's going to be hard to maintain that status when instead of the thousands of dollars it takes to get that, I will be spending $0 at Best Buy from here on out.
It's Fry's electronics for me now.

Good prices, service better now.

It's not best buy, but it's certainly not worst buy either.
It's a corporate chain, what do you expect?
Personally, I'm not a fan of the stores where employees are scrambling all over each other to get at you - either to upsell, push a credit card on you, or to guarantee a commission - so when these employees ignore me, I'm much happier.
I will not step foot in a Best Buy without knowing what it is I'm going in for and I always make sure they have it in stock before I enter the realm of mall-like craziness.
When I need help with an item or am looking for a recommendation, their staff has been fairly useful for the most part, and I've been able to navigate the lazy river of numbered high school employees without much issue.
I do think they need a few more registers, however, because the check-out line gets ridiculous, especially during the holidays (oh god, why would you even bother?
) or when they only have two people ringing everyone up.

Just what the other reviews stated.
Don't go in without knowing what you want and realize you are dealing with children that couldn't care less if you are there or not.
If ya have to get something do so with no strings attached.
Don't expect anything from the " Reward Zone " either.
After  @ least 10 yrs and close to 15000 dollars of walk in eyes to the floor get the stuff and leave, never that extra insurance thing they push (remember no strings) fell to the order scam.
After two weeks of wait for a simple car stereo, all was good till I came back for pick up after install.
Unit did not work.
So the installer put the old one back in, now I wait for another two weeks to try again.
Mind you, spending another 200 waiting.
5 hours wasted for absolutely nothing.
Customer service had no idea what was going on, yelling over the top of other customers that thought they had help at the service desk if I had anything to return, so I obliged them with the stereo I got doesn't work so I have to wait for the geek squad to take it out.
They went running around and trying to make an appt.
for tues.   unbelievable, I looked at them and said I thought I had to order another to replace the bad one you sold me.
Walked back to the service bay to talk with someone with a head.
5 hours wasted, just for install of bad merchandise.
Oh yea, getting home and calling their questions and comments line...  My answer from them, "I don't know what you want me to do"  .
So, wait 2 more weeks, hopefully that one works, pay my balance, close my account.
No more for me, all kinds of places to shop elsewhere, that's why they have the matching prices, cause somebody else has it better, just trying to suck that extra dollar

YOU HAVE JUST LOST A LOYAL PAST CUSTOMER FOR LIFE.
I recently purchased some recordable cd blanks that the sales clerk said would work for my audio deck.
I told him that computer blank disc would not work.
He said these would work in both applications.
IT DIDN'T.
When I got time to return them they said I had gone out of their new 15 day return policy and declined the return.
Well they certainly ARE NOT getting any of my new complete order for a new large screen tv.
receiver, blu-ray and stand plus install which they would of.
That under $15 return cost them thousands of dollars.
NO CUSTOMER SERVICE -- NO FUTURE BUYS.
WAKE UP.

Called a few Best Buy's for availability of the new IPhone.
This store was out of stock but was nice enough to see availability at other stores!
I didn't need to call anymore stores because they went the extra mile to help me out!

Still got a good deal on a huge tv, and we didn't have to wait last night, great deals on everything else in the store as well.
Was thinking maybe the staff was a little tired from the night before, kind of like zombies walking around mumbling help answers, but who can blame em?
Got what we came for and a little more, and got out.
Hubby is always happy when we are in and out of a store cuz he likes to shop on a schedule lol.
This location was well stocked, happy we got out smart tv here!

Wow this place is surprisingly bad.
Make sure to scan their abnormally long list of non-refundable items before purchases (they can probably squeeze their entire inventory into some part of it).
I bought Battlefield 4 here and wasn't able to find out if it worked on Xbox Slim until I opened and tried it out.
When it didn't work I wasn't too worried because any coherent retail store is customer/return-friendly.
Brought it back in to be beaten around the "open-product non-refundable policy" bush  for a good 30 minutes before my question of "why?
" was even addressed.
The answer was basically that I "should've know" it wouldn't work.
It's been a good run Best Buy, but you can count me out, forever.

Staff are very helpful.
People that complain about waiting for help is understandable.
They have 4 guys in the tv department and 10 customers including myself.
Unless they know how to duplicate themselves to help everyone all at once, I say they are doing a great job.
People need to chill out.
I continue to come here because the staff are very knowledgable about their product.
Keep it up Best Buy, please excuse the rest of the people that clearly have no patience.

I've always liked Best Buy for their service.
They confirm what I know, tell me what I don't, and make sure I have everything before I leave.
Sadly my last two visits have fallen way short of expectation.
The store is adequately staffed, but "staff" seems more interested in talking to each other than helping customers.
Have they forgotten about last year's store closures and continuing pressure from Amazon?
Common folks...pull yourselves together!

Bear in mind, this review is strictly based on my experiences with the guys in the Magnolia Home Theater.
Being a bit picky when it comes to home audio and video, I usually avoid Best Buys like the plague and will frequent specialty shops.
When I first visited the Magnolia Home Theater, I was less than impressed with the product selection.
For instance, brands like Harmon Kardon, Bose, and Definitive Technology do absolutely nothing for me.
Fast forward to now.
I stumbled in there and happened to see a B&W Zeppelin (iPod Speaker by Bowers & Wilkins).
I scanned around even further and saw more B&W product.
As soon as I hit the listening room, I hit the holy grail!
The DM series speakers I wanted were on display.
On top of that, they had Yamaha RX-V and Aventage receivers.
However, the receiver I fell hardest for was the Denon AVR-X4000.
They paired this receiver with the B&Ws of my choosing and Bryce, the salesperson helping me, was amazed at the quality.
Also, I looked at the Samsung 4K TV.
I got a quote from them and the price for everything was reasonable including the Audioquest Cinnamon interconnect cables.
I did promise Bryce that when I am ready to pull the trigger, I am going to hunt for him.
Bryce  is very customer focused and very helpful.
The best part of all this was that I found the system I wanted in a place that was not too far from home and all in one location!
That's enough to make me go back and buy the equipment.

We saved and saved and purchased all new appliances from Pacific Sales (Best Buy).
We had our dishwasher installed at the end of October and have had 4 service calls to date.
We started having problems in January.
We are just a number and not a customer.
Anytime Best Buy Appliance comes out; they have to order parts and then return again and make us wait an entire week.
The WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE.
I buy a lot of electronics as well and REFUSE to buy anything from Best Buy ever again.
They have no respect for my time and could care less about supporting their products.
They should allow me to replace my dishwasher and move on with my life!!
They buy enough from Samsung and you know they have that clout with them as a vendor, yet they do NOTHING about it!
I wish I could give NO STARS.......

