It's McDonald's.
What do you expect?
Yelp is asking if this place has a TV.
Do fancy menu boards count?

Seriously, this is a micky D's.
I want the D all the time esp the spicy chicken and mcdouble that totals 2.18 including tax.
Best deal ever and hella tasty.
There is no place that can top this for value!

It's McDonalds, everyone has probably been to one at least once in their life.
I've never had problems with this one.
They have the double drive thru like most do now a days which makes things go faster.
They do charge you sometimes for extra sauce which sucks, but it days right on their window "additional charges for sauces and condiments.
" So you really can't get to upset.
The fries are always good and the new wraps are alright I'd recommend the chicken & bacon one.

I don't normally think of writing a yelp review for mcdonalds, but this one in particular is deserving of a five star review!
I went through the drive thru and the woman was very pleasant on the speaker.
I ordered a sausage mcmuffin with egg and a medium coffee and she tried to save me money by telling me I could get 2 mcmuffins for 3.33.
She made sure that everything I ordered was correct and to pull to the first window.
Did I mention how polite she was?
The I went to the first window and paid, and the guy who was also polite asked me if I wanted to donate a dollar to the children fund.
I went to the pick up window and the guy greeted me and gave me my food in also a polite manner!
He hoped that I had a great day.
Then I started eating, and the sausage mcmuffin I get in Chicago mcdonalds are usually greasy and oily and I have to be careful to keep lots of napkins around.
This one, the muffin was toasted perfectly and melted cheese was just great and no oily mess!
I enjoyed my breakfast.
What makes me want to write this review is the people that work here were just so nice and pleasant!
If killing them with kindness was what they were shooting for, I'd probably be dead!

Customer service is sucks.
Just try not to come here.
2 employees got into a fight and never took my order.

I usually don't check in or give reviews for fast food joints, but I came here after my PT appts and couldn't believe that McD's employees were actually friendly and efficient.
The one time I did go inside (btw I only get a large sweet tea when I do go) I was in shock that the inside was that clean!
I wish they could swap the employees with the ones on 24st and baseline in Phx.

