Bought a groupon for oil changes... took car in early on Saturday when they don't take appt's.
left car an went shopping, 2.5 hours later they hadn't got to it yet.
Rescheduled for an appointment time and when I went in, they were 45 min past appt.
They asked about changing air filter, I told them "only if it is in stock, I can't wait any longer" and they ordered it anyway and made me wait while it got delivered.
Once they DID finally get my car in, they did good work and even showed ME how to change my Passenger compartment air filter.
I'll know better next time to just leave car all day:(

Gave me a good deal on service I had done.....about 30% cheaper than any other service shop.

I brought my car in on Thursday December 26th for an oil change and I had concerns that the engine was moving around and causing an exhaust leak.
Rick asked if I could leave the vehicle;  I agreed planning to get the car later that day.
I never received a call so I contacted the shop and told that my engine mounts were bad and the parts were ordered.
They never mentioned that I could drive the car while parts were being shipped and told me I would "definitely have my car back on Friday".
I was unable to work Friday and didn't hear from Rick or any other employees.
When I called, I was given more excuses and told the car would not be ready until Saturday 12/28.
I told Rick that I need the car by 2:00 so I could get to work, again I was assured that would not be a problem.
Saturday I contacted the shop, reminding them that I needed the car by 2:00, they responded that they were still waiting for parts, they would do their best to have the car ready by 2:00 and they would call me.
I was never called during my 3 day ordeal so I wasn't surprised not to hear from anyone.
I arrived at the shop at 2:10 Saturday afternoon to find my car on the lift, nobody working on it, and Rick and another employee hanging out in the office drinking big gulps.
They scrambled away when I inquired about my car so I followed them into the bay where my car was sitting.
I was told that the engine mounts were fine, but some bolts were loose, one had shearded off and I should be happy that I didn't have to pay $800.
I was shown the special Chrysler bolts that had to be ordered but not installed.
I was told to bring my car back when "I had time to leave it" so the bolts could be installed.
The next day I took my car to another shop that repaired the bolts in 20 minutes.
The mechanic said that whoever replaced the engine mounts previously didn't properly tighten the bolts.
My greatest concerns are the complete lack of communication, I felt like my car was being held hostage, and I felt like your employees were trying to cover up a mistake that they had previously made.
As I was driving away I had to call to make sure the oil had been changed because there wasn't a mileage sticker.

Fool me twice!
We ha taken one of our work trucks in for a head gasket.
Estimate was $1400 and would take a day.
After the motor was torn apart it jumped to $2850 and took 5 days to get it back.
Knowing this, like an idiot I took my own work truck in for a real seal replacement on the transfer case.
I said verbatim "This is all I want done, not one other thing.
"  Estimate was $79 and would take an hour.
3 hours later this dingus calls and says "Your AC filter is trashed and needs to be replaced" I asked "1.
What are doing under my dash in the cab?
The driveshaft is under the truck.
And 2.
Is my rear seal replaced?
" He says "Deerrr nope, we had to do a vehicle assessment first.
" Long story short, they got it done, 5 HOURS LATER!
When I got my truck back, some hand tools were missing from the passenger floor, as well as the accessory cable for my radio.
More than Morons, they ate Mostons.

Sure wish I had read the yelps on this place before I brought the groupon.
Terrible, terrible service.
The front desk clerk was nice enough but he looked like he had been up for 6 days straight.
Reminded me of a True Detective quote: "I can see your soul at the edges of your eyes...and it's dark.
"  That's what this place is.
A darkness, a blight upon humankind that I wish could be removed.
First off, I told them I had the groupon.
They proceeded to say that I didn't need to present it until after they finished the service.
Well, I said, how would they know that I needed the free tire rotation and oil filter replacement as well?
They didn't.
So I just decided to eat that cost and decided that 26 bucks wasn't too much to pay for an oil change anyway.
The mechanics who work here must be dumb in the head.
I watched my car go in the lift and come out fifteen minutes later after three and a half hours of waiting.
"I'm ready to pick up my car, I just saw it come out" I said.
"We haven't actually done anything yet to that car" said the demon with his soul at the edges of his eyes.
"..." that's all I could do.
Stand there in silence, request the keys back, and drive off.
The worst part?
I still have to use my damn groupon at another Fletcher's.
Ugh.

