I did wait  a very long time the first time I went here, but the vet was very good and explained everything in detail once she finally came in.
The second time I came (a week later) I saw a different vet and I was in and out.
However, she gave me a medication that the previous vet had just prescribed and I didn't realize it until I had already paid and gotten home.
I'm glad I looked at the name or I might have double dosed and maybe killed my dog!
The staff was very nice and I really liked the "nurses".
Much cheaper than the vets in Casa Grande.
They even gave a follow up call to check on my dog after my first visit.

I CAN"T BELIEVE THIS PLACE.
First off, every time we would take our animals here for their routine shots, etc we NEVER got to see the vet.
All we ever got were high school looking kids with huge gage earrings, torn jeans and t-shirts..real professional.
Today I received a call at work from my girlfriend who was crying hysterically.
She said that something was wrong with Bailey, our schnauzer.
She said that she was acting very, very ill.
I told her to take Bailey to the vet, which this vet is the closest.
She ran in and was told by the lady behind the counter that the vet was eating lunch and could not be bothered and after lunch he was going in to surgery so she should just go find another vet!
Are you flippin' kidding me!
What a load of trash!
We will NEVER go back and I hope you don't either!

Absolutely horrible.
We made reservations over a week ago for boarding, they asked us the usual questions about if our dogs should be fed together and if they take medications or anything.
We show up today to drop them off on our way up north for  a 3-day vacation and waited almost 40 minutes before they could "find the chart" and finally some girl with a bad attitude comes out saying that because our dog has a muzzle on they wouldn't accept her for boarding.
We put a muzzle on because who knows what other dogs will be in the ridiculously small waiting area, not because she's people or food aggressive (although she might have chased the freely-roaming offices cats they have there if she had not been leashed).
We asked to speak to the manager and she replied she is the manager.
We were supposed to be in our hotel tonight, instead we lost the $202 we paid for a (30th birthday) vacation that can't be refunded hours before we're scheduled to check in.
We've been going there for 7 years and will never be back.

I lived in the area for several years, and took my dogs here for check ups, teeth cleanings, and when my dogs were sick/hurt.
I always got in quickly, Dr. Wood is fantastic with animals, they don't run tests that aren't needed, and their prices are cheaper than any place I have found in the valley.
The waiting room is very small, but what do you expect in a small town?
I couldn't care less about that.
The important things are "do I trust you to take care of my furbabies?
"  The answer is ABSOLUTELY!
They have taken such good care of my boys every time I have gone there.
I wouldn't hesitate to take my guys back there if I ever moved back to the area.

EEEK!
My poor doggie went in for a tail amputation and came back with a HUGE hemotoma on his neck.
they say that he was really hyper and they needed to draw blood and had a tough time...that's not acceptable he could have been given a sedative especially if he was going to receive anesthesia anyways for the surgery!
AND i requested that his teeth be cleaned, but when we picked him up they didn't do it because they said he didn't have any plaque build up I DON'T CARE what THEIR OPINION is...I asked for a service to be done and they did not do it.
The tail looks good although the wrap came off about 2 hours after he got home (which it shouldn't have).
overall i guess its a convenient place if you live in town and don't have much time for travel but i would NOT recommend it.
you would think a good Vet would know how to handle hyper, happy animals without causing them pain and stress.....soo its a day later and i find out from my husband that they originally charged him for the teeth cleaning when he went to pay and when he asked what they did they went to get the vet and only then did the vet say the cleaning was never done SOOO if my husband had never asked to talk to the vet then we would have been charged for a service that was not performed.
NOT HAPPY!

