I love the pharmacy at this location for their excellent customer service.
The pharmacist Hemantha is extremely patient and goes above and beyond to satisfy everyone of my prescription needs.
The wait is almost never over 5-7 mins and my questions never too stupid.
I would recommend this pharmacy and every Sams Club pharmacy for their lower than regular drug prices.
They beat every competition in town.

Great prices on groceries, deli.
Only game in town for car tires and batteries.

Love Sam's Club!
Especially those little red velvet cupcakes and Chocolate wine ... the best!
We always do most of our grocery shopping here.
Always a treat.

What's not to love about an upscale Walmart for the upper middle class?
This store isn't as busy as some of the others and there always tends to be less unsightly people shopping at this store than the others.
Parking is generally easy and the cash registers move fairly fast.
I also like that Sam's club allows business owners to come in early to avoid the crowds.

After going several years without a Sam's Club membership, I recently snatched up a deal on groupon for a membership.
I didn't renew my membership when it lapsed because we figured that membership to Costco was plenty and that we wouldn't use both.
After getting the membership, I remembered why I liked Sam's in the past.
They carry completely different items than Costco.
There are several items that I really love that Costco doesn't carry.
One of the great things about Sam's is that you can add a non-family member onto your membership and split the cost of membership!
Does anyone know if Costco does this?
We've always been helped by friendly employees.

I tried out their Friends & Family pass yesterday (you get a free temporary pass) and I thought I would go crazy buying a bunch of stuff in bulk, but I didn't find any amazing deals.
The best deal was on toilet paper - 36 rolls for $19.
But that's certainly not worth the $45 membership fee, not to mention that it would be really inconvenient to shop here because they don't have that many locations around.
Lots of other stuff here costs only sliiightly less than it does at Wal-mart or the grocery store.
On top of that, the main reason I came was  because I wanted to buy bulk school supplies (crayons, scissors, glue) and they didn't sell any of those!
They only had one office supplies aisle and it only had stuff like clipboards and highlighters.

I have a Costco card, too, but I like Sams Club for their cake decoration options because I have 3 kids and I love the taste of their chocolate cake, decoration choices (frosting is just right for me, not too much and not too sweet like other places, you can have a picture put on for no extra charge, comparable price/servings) and I like it for their toy selection come Christmas.
Also, love that their gas is unbeatable vs Costco vs Arco, too...so worth it!
But on the con side, don't like how when you exit, the checker gives you a distrustful vibe as they compare your cart against your receipt.
that could be improved upon.

