I have lived at San Tierra for 1 year now and my lease is coming up for review.
I have to say I have not had any problems as described by previous reviewers but the only ones I can find are from over a year ago.
The leasing office staff is VERY friendly and helpful in my opinon and I have not had any problems from them.
They did remove the "doggie bag stations" last month which I think stinks AND THEN have implemented a 100.00 fine for anyone who doesn't pick up their doggie doo!
LOL!
:) If they want to be sure it is picked up...why remove the "poo stations?
" (made no sense to me) Maintenance issues do take a couple of days but if you call the office they usually respond right away for "emergency issues" (mine was hot water tank broke) I think the maintenance staff is REALLY friendly and careful and haven't heard any stories of things missing from apartments.
I haven't had any other issues and my neighbors are all great!
It is a quiet area, no one seems to "hang out" that I have seen and I have never been approached for "drugs" as prior reviews state.
(darn...I could use a percacet or two after working 10 hr days!
LOL!
) It is a bit over priced in my opinion and they have added a "mandatory" trash valet service (at 45.00 a month) which is a rip-off !!
(Mark Taylor's brother must have opened the business!!
LOL!
) They don't pick up Fri/Sat and the can is so small it hardly holds anything so I end up taking it to the dumpster myself anyhow.
They also have now removed the "water included" and actually RAISED the rent which is making me rethink renewing my lease.
If I wasn't sooo lazy (and it wasn't so hot) I would probably move due to there are quite a few lower priced and newer apartments for rent in this area.
Overall I am content with the San Tierra's but hope they don't price themselves out of my budget......
I would recommend them if you don't mind taking on an extra job to pay for the door to door valet trash service!!

Not impressed.
Regretting signing this lease.
Had I known I'd have red stained carpet and appliances older than me...I would've kept my apartment down the street.

My roommate and I have lived here for 3.5 months now.
I don't really have any major complaints, but I don't really have anything spectacular to say either.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
The valet trash service is convenient too, but I don't like that it's mandatory.
Since there are dumpsters, I don't mind taking my own trash out...especially if it saves me $25/month!
I also don't like that we are only allowed one assigned covered parking spot.
I think all parking should be open...there's so many open spots!
Plus, our one assigned spot isn't even near our apartment.
Overall, it's a decent complex, but it wouldn't necessarily be a top recommendation from me

If I could go back in time I never would have lived here.
I moved out about a year ago now and I still can't think of this place without remembering why I hate apartments.
I decided to write a review in hopes of saving someone else the hassle.
Let's start with the positive.
These apartments are in a relatively nice area and I always felt safe.
However... the price was so high...
I think I could have found something better for cheaper if I had taken the time to look around.
My power bill was out of control here.
$300-$350 in the summer months?!
I spend less now in a 2000 sq ft house than I did in my tiny apartment at San Tierra.
The staff was always relatively friendly.
Except towards the end when I was moving out.
They tagged on so many fees.
One time they were testing fire extinguishers and I was out of the country.
They left a note on the door (which I of course didn't see, not being home and all...) and when they came around to check extinguishers (which they had asked us to leave out front) mine wasnt there.
No big deal, right?
They could just come knock on the door when I was home and check it out?
Well, they did... and charged me $100 for it.
The thing that REALLY upset me was that I was charged $900 (including the amount they took from my pet deposit) for a tear in the carpet where the tile meets the carpet near the front door.
A problem I know my downstairs neighbors had as well.
I feel like for $900 they could have replaced the carpet in the ENTIRE apartment.
Moral of the story?
Don't live here.
Seriously.

I've lived in this complex for 2.5 years and it's been a nice place to live in.
My rent is reasonable for the size of the apartment I have in a safe neighborhood.
My maintenance concerns have always been minor (replace ceiling fan, new microwave) and fixed quickly.
My neighbors are quiet (I am on the 2nd floor) and while I have had many different neighbors during my time here - I've had no problems.
The front desk staff is friendly and helpful in receiving packages for me when I am out of town.
My only wish is that they had gated entry as I have noticed a rise in people who drive in to dump their trash in our dumpsters.

I should've stayed at Country Brook where I was.
I have had the worst exp ever living here at this property.
Mgmt is absolutely horrible.
This place is a rip off....I've complained about dirty carpet stains, unleveled floors, poorly constructed bathroom where I have to wash one hand at a time because both of my hands rub against the back of the sink because the faucet is too close.
The response from mgmt.
was pretty much oh well..then they have the nerve to charge 350.00 to transfer to another unit, and run another credit check and verify employment all over again.
RUN RUN RUN.
As I look now for another apt., when I see it being managed by ALLIANCE I laugh and keep searching.
I absolutely cannot wait to move out of this rip off!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh, not to mention the many complaints I have made against my neighbors for playing basketball inside of their apt at 1am.
I hate it here!!!!
Never had a freezer that won't even keep ice cream frozen, and never in a "luxury" apt with a 1980 oven!
I HATE THIS PLACE AND MGMT.

