Although they don't offer much in discounts, this place has knowledgeable and eager employees and owner to help with any questions, help you load things in the car etc and do seem to carry a wide assortment of grills and accessories along with books etc.
I really like the Barbeques Galore charcoal that they offer.
It is a big bag.
Lasted us a long time and is slow burning.
Will be frequenting this place often.

They are very nice to you right up to the point you make a purchase.
If you have any issues with the purchase, good luck.

DO NOT AND I MEAN DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY!!!!!!
I am warning you right now.
They came over to my home the other day as I wanted them to do a service call on my BQ.
The Technician couldn't specifically tell what was wrong.
He said Oh well one of your propane tanks is no good and the other one needs to be filled.
Then he said I needed a new battery for the push start button.
I said ok.
I changed out the battery and then went and filled both tanks.
I asked the guy filling the tanks to tell me if my tanks were bad.
He said no and proceeded to show me how to bleed the tanks every once in awhile to keep the pressure in the tanks up.
I never knew about this before.
However, the Service Technician was so concerned about his 75 Service fee he wouldn't leave my home.
I said you can have your company invoice me.
He said we don't do business like that.
I said this because I felt like he was trying to scam me.
Im sorry but Im not paying somebody 75 for 5 minutes worth of work to tell me I need a new battery and to fill up my tank and replace one which wasn't even the problem.
Be careful about this company.
I am just saying.
The technician then had his boss call me while the tech stood in my home.
I thought this to be funny.
They tried to hard pressure me into basically scamming me.
However, I did not fall for the banana in the tailpipe!!
))LOL   Nice try BQ Galore!!!
YOU GUYS SUCK!!!
Next time do the right thing and tell somebody that you need to fill your tanks and put a new battery in.
Call us next time when you have a real problem.
NO CHARGE for today would have been the appropriate thing to say you MORONS!!!!!
NOW QUIT TRYING TO RIP PEOPLE off!!!

I will never step foot in this store again.
Someone who works there, manager?
owner?
Thinks it is their god given right to park in the street just to the east of this store.
So what happens is this car sits there and leaves enough room for only one car to pass.
I've seen this on just about every Friday I go by the place on my way to another business next door.
Now add in a landscaping crew with a giant truck and the road is completely blocked, making an already congested parking lot even worse.
I used to shop here quite frequently but the arrogance of whoever this is just sealed the deal for me that I won't be back.
Ever.

Having no luck finding a Weber Smokey Mountain, I drove a little further south to Barbecues Galore.
Really, these two stores should switch names.
BBQ Island does, indeed, have barbecues galore while this place is much smaller.
They do have supplies, some grills and smokers on display, fireplaces and other stuff.
It is just on a much smaller scale than their nearby competitor.
The good thing is, normally, it is easier to have questions answered here.
Also, they actually had the smoker I was looking for.

