They custom designed my engagement ring and both of our wedding bands.
We were able to show a photo of what we liked and they came up with even better designs.
They are amazing to work with.

Paul and the whole team are just awesome!
They take the time to design a custom piece that is one of a kind and exactly what we want!
We combined 4 or 5 different ideas and were very picky about what we like.
They took all of our ideas and designed the perfect wedding ring and band for my fiancé.
My band is a one of a kind Celtic knot that is unbelievable!
Highly recommend this family business.

I brought a picture of the ring I wanted to Paul and his team and they were very excited to help me make this dream a reality.
They worked with my budget and provided pictures of the progress along the way.
Paul and his team were incredibly courteous and professional, they provided top notch customer service and were happy to help explain things to me since I do not know anything about jewelry or diamonds.
I am looking forward to going back to work with them again on wedding bands.
Make sure to visit Paul at Barnes Fine Jewelers for top of the line service and quality when it comes to jewelry design.

I can now see why they have all 5 Star reviews.
I needed to have a knot in my daughters necklace removed.
I walked in and was greeted by a very nice welcoming Jennifer.
I have been in many Jewelry stores and I have never felt so welcome.
Jennifer is very friendly, she got the knot out and did not charge me a dime.
As she was working on the knot, I looked around at the really beautiful pieces they had in the cases, very impressive.
Usually when you walk into a Jewelry store, you always feel this sense of pressure from the person helping you.
I did not feel that at all.
I will tell others about this store and I will be back to take a closer look at their offerings.
If that is the type of service that you receive when you need a knot removed, I can only imagine how great the service would be if I was making a purchase.
They are a great find.

I love this place.
I love to support local businesses.
I have had ring sizing, settings and repairs done.
The are quick and professional.

