Best archery shop in the valley.
Great customer service and selection.

Even though I haven't purchased any equipment yet, we have inquired and have been impressed.
The store itself seems well stocked for any adventurist!
Different verity of Bows available including ranging in price.
Staff is very helpful and seems very helpful, not pushy at all.
Love the Friday night beginners class for learning!

Took a family archery lesson on the Saturday after Christmas.
Really enjoyed the woman who gave the lesson - showed us what we needed to know and had a good sense of humor.
Looking at the schedules they have a lot going on there which is great to see for the sport.

Made a special order over the phone only to have the wrong parts show up.
Had to drive two hours in to straighten out the issue in person.
Three weeks later the correct cams arrived.
Drove another two hours in to have them changed out, the guy decided to keep my original cams.
Theres a word for that, I thinks its "theft".
While the work was being done a courteous salesman talked me in to purchasing a $120 sight set up assuring me that his technician would install and adjust on the spot.
Once I told the technician about the sight installation and adjustment I was met with a very poor attitude and an angry reply.
He then informed me there was a one day turn around on sight installation.
I told him I had a two hour drive one way, he did not seem to care that I had just spent $400 dollars in the store.
He installed the sight but refused to adjust and zero it.
After arriving home and taking a closer look at the sight, it turns out someone switched a cheaper model sight with the more expensive $120 model sight I had bought earlier that week.
The technician did not catch it or did not bother to mention it.
It's too far to drive and too much of a hassle to try and return it.
I will be taking my money elsewhere and I would advise you to do the same.

My fiance and I got  a Groupon deal for the introductory lesson.
The instructor was fantastic.
He was enthusiastic but professional and excellent at making sure everyone was having a great time.

if your over fifty and want to get into archery do not go here; 1 sold me a recurve with no documentation from the manufacture aka warranty2.
got six arrows as long as a semi.
3. fletched arrows with no consistency of the feathers, should have been wht one out.4.
attitude was OMG a beginner and not even considering a compound what a waste of our time.............

Awesome staff - brought my sons bow in (didn't buy it there) - they set it up and fixed the problems we were having with it.
They figured out that we were newbies and were very informative.
I will be needing a full set-up in the next couple of months and they have definitely earned that sale!

We got a GroupOn for Archery Academy's Introduction to Archery for Two.
We were pleasantly surprised with the overwhelming response and we have 16 students in the class.
While the class was a bit larger than usual the instructor did an excellent job of personalizing the experience.
In addition to several ranges for target shooting, they have a well equipped store for all your archery needs.
It made for a wonderful experience and we hope to be back again.

My friend and I (4th date adventure) used a Groupon to take the 1 hr beginner class.
It was SO fun!
Barry was a really energetic, informative and encouraging instructor.
I was a little apprehensive about taking a class for all ages, but it went smoothly.
There was not a lot of waiting or catering to a particular group:  male/female/young/older/skilled/not-so-skilled.
No one was left behind or in a corner waiting for the next opportunity for a bull's eye!!!
We had a really good time!
One of the best Groupons I've had (no, this isn't a Groupon review), and now I am considering an extended class.

Bought a gift for my done here had problems with it had to make a return they where great made the process very easy for me I spoke with George he helped me out

Had my son in classes here and they changed instructors with 0 notice i bought a bow from them that they recommended spent a few hundred bucks on it for my sons birthday they sold me a defective bow and when my son told me due to the fact that I know nothing about bows I tried to return it they won't help me out at all very bad company to work with the instructor is nice I must add

Wow, I just got back from shooting my bow here and I will never go back!
From the moment I walked in the door these guys were rude and condescending.
I know a thing or two about customer service and I have been shooting competitive archery for over 5 years, they missed the mark.
I said "I would like to use your range" and the guy asked me "what for?
" Really?
What for?
You see this bow case in my hand buddy?
Then I wanted to use a allen wrench and they gave me one that was all stripped out, when I told him that it was no use he suggested that I purchase an allen wrench.
He had at least 10 in a drawer right in front of me but he told me that they were for store personnel only, not customers.
I stayed for the full hour as an hour of range time is the minimum purchase.
In the future will go somewhere where my business is not such an inconvenience.

My first experience with Archery Headquarters was to purchase a riser for my daughter's 1st bow earlier this year.
I called them on the phone and they had what we wanted in stock.
They offered to hold it until I could get down to pick it up.
We brought our limbs with us and purchased the string and a couple of other accessories while we were there.
The employee working that night was so helpful with the set up of our bow and answering our questions.
We walked away thrilled that we had found a local shop we could go to for our archery needs.
Fast forward about 3 months and we were back participating in a class at their Academy next door.
The facility is beautiful and comfortable to hang out in while my daughter does class.
The instructors she has worked with through the academy have been encouraging and supportive of her too.
Overall it's been great!
Our experiences have been so wonderful that we seem to frequent the Pro Shop and range regularly.
Typically, she prefers to shoot at an outdoor range, however, with the summer temperatures it is so much nicer to have the option of indoor too.
The guys down there have always been helpful anytime something comes up with her equipment or if we need help with a purchase.
I would recommend this shop to anyone that is looking to do some range practice, needs to purchase equipment, or has any hunting related questions.
They seem to have a knowledgeable employee on staff for everything.

I lived south of baseline for 35 years and started buying from Archery Headquarters about the time they opened.
I have bought 3 bows and many accessories from them, the last bow a Hoyt about 3 years ago.
I now live about 1.5 hours away, so when I had some problems with my string I went to a shop that sell Hoyt an hour closer to where I now live.
I was going hunting in 8 days and they quoted me 2 weeks to order and 2 weeks to install, which was no help.
I called Archery Headquarters, and they said bring it in and they would see what they could do.
During their busy pre-hunting time I didn't expect much.
They dug through their stock and drawers for a string to fit my bow and to replace the cables which were damaged too.
In a couple of hours I left with new cables and string set up to shoot.
I barely had to adjust my sights, which I expected due to their quality work.
They went well beyond what I hoped for and saved my hunting trip.
The cost was less than I was quoted at the other shop with the long lead time.
Needless to say in the future I will make the long trip.

We purchased a Groupon for a one hour introductory course for two people.
The instructor was great and explained technique really well.
It isn't far from the Chandler mall, which has lots of places to shop and plenty of places to eat, so it would be easy to make a full day with this place included in it.
We had fun and will definitely return.
Great for kids, great for adults, and they have a fun "lounge" area in the front so if you wanted to do a team building event / birthday / etc, there is more then enough space to do so.
Overall: A Good fun - something unique!

I attended Archery Day in early December with the Arizona Game and Fish Department and I really enjoyed it.
For my birthday, I wanted to go shoot archery for a bit and my boss found this place in Chandler that offers individual and group classes, which was perfect because my staff needed a few tips before letting loose all Hunger Games style on the targets!
Brett, the manager, gave us a crash course in safety and helped us select either a compound or recurve bow.
He made some adjustments to the bows to fit each one of us and he watched our form to make sure we on the right path to hitting some bullseyes!
It was fun to see who turned out to be pretty decent archers!
I still need some practice, but my boss and co-worker were both improving and hit the gold (bullseye) many times.
Toward the end of our session, Brett has us play a game of "HORSE" with the word ARROW, and so we tried to match each others shots, calling the shots from across the room, diagonal and from a really far distance.
It ended in a shoot out with me and a friend.
It was really fun and I'd like to sign up for more archery classes with Brett!
Thanks!

Granted we arrived 20 minutes before closing on a Saturday.
My mother purchased a compound bow online and wanted to go traditional and buy a recurve, but in the meantime purchase an arm guard and a trigger release.
The guy at the desk was sort of friendly, but in a condescending way that were both amateurs and we have no business breaking open things, trying them on and not understanding how to use it and then not pay for it.
But why would we if we had a attitude like him.
We even tried to sign up for classes and he told us it's online and not in the store.
They weren't friendly at all, none of the staff were and I probably will never return there again.

I wouldn't let anyone else besides George here at archery headquarters work on or tune my bow and equipment.
I have looked around and even shopped at other archery shops in town that are closer to me and this shop by far and away has better people.
Specifically George and randy.
It's almost like finding a good mechanic, you'll always use them and only trust them.
I've had other shops try to sell my different arrows to fix my "problem" when George found my nock was high and had my bow tuned in no time.
All of my major archery purchases are only done here as a result of his service and advice.

I wouldn't let anyone else besides George here at archery headquarters work on or tune my bow and equipment.
I have looked around and even shopped at other archery shops in town that are closer to me and this shop by far and away has better people.
Specifically George and randy.
It's almost like finding a good mechanic, you'll always use them and only trust them.
I've had other shops try to sell my different arrows to fix my "problem" when George found my nock was high and had my bow tuned in no time.
All of my major archery purchases are only done here as a result of his service and advice.

We just had an into to archery class with Julie.
She was fantastic.
She gave easy to understand instructions and was very patient with the kids.

Wanted to try something new so when I saw a Groupon at two for the price of one, I was thrilled.
I almost lost the promotional value though cause I waited till the last minute to book our reservation.
(Make sure you look at Groupon expiration dates).
Anywho,  I took the opportunity to turn it into a date night with my hubby.
They had weekend dates available which fit our schedule perfectly.
The place was easy to find and was located right off Chandler blvd.
We had a group of twelve for our time slot and was considered a large group but everyone was cooperative which made the instructors job easier.
I was a bit nervous but after a few simple instructions, I was aiming and shooting at the target with no problem.
The instructor, Julie made it fun and competitive by adding balloons and zombies as target practice.
It was awesome!
I'm proud to say I beat my hubby and had more head shots then he did.
It was an exciting way to spend an hour trying something new!
Try it and see!

Bought a groupon four 4.
Introduction to archery with an hour of shooting.
The family had a blast.
My son and daughter are 24 & 21 and we all had a good time.
Nice change of pace:) started on time.
Good instruction.
Totally worth it.
Groupon is 25 for 2 & 50 for 4.

I took an introduction to archery class here and it was lots of fun!
Even a non-athletic, non-coordinated person like me was able to learn from the instructor and do a decent job of shooting the arrows.
After we all had some practice shooting, the instructor switched it up and created some "competitions" for us - like who could shoot a balloon first, who could kill a zombie.
it was fun and non-stressful, even though I was clearly the worst of the group.
The instructor was also really nice and switched me to a lighter bow when he noticed the regular sized bow was too heavy for me.
He also took time to individually watch each person and give them tips on how to improve their form.
I had such a great time I'm going to sign up for one of their 6-week archery courses!
I didn't have a groupon like a lot of other reviewers, but still felt it was worth my $25.
Tip - don't be late, because the class starts right on time

