As a disclaimer, I am a vegetarian who eats seafood once in a while, but went with three people who love steaks to the Keg.
We came here since a friend got a card for a free birthday steak/lobster dinner (sign up when you get the chance!
) and the opportunity for free shrimp cocktail when you state it is your first time there.
As a recent transplant from Boston, the chain was decently set up (although the booths were in front of a warped glass wall to the kitchen?
kind of strange) and the wine list was decent.
And you can cork the wine bottle to bring home-always a good option.
The appetizers were good-we got the Tuna dish with sushi quality tuna and this mushroom/olive spread.
The other one was warm goat cheese with almonds and a kind of tomato bruschetta like spread that tasted great with the mushroom spread.
The bread plate was warm and fresh but not too exceptional.
I wasn't interested in the swordfish special and the only other options were the shrimp and salmon-and I didn't order shrimp since I thought we were supposed to get free shrimp cocktail (which we never did).
I ordered just a plain garden salad for 4.95 and a plain baked potato with butter and chives on the side.
The other patrons ordered steaks and barely finished them or the twice baked potato.
It was fine enough, but not worth busting a pants button to eat it-never a good sign.
The waiter didn't offer to refill or get another beer for the people not drinking wine nor did we get mints!
The service was polite but inexperienced, the ambiance was horrible with the music they were playing (some kind of 50s music with Blues Brothers soundtrack and techno?
I'd take smooth jazz over that ANY DAY), the seats comfortable enough but I don't like being next to a giant Folgers coffee can through distorted glass.
Oh well, if you want a steakhouse chain, there might be a better one around?

dang good steaks.
went there for a work christmas party, so i didn't pay attention to price too much.
it's fairly casual and was BUSY in december (it's right by the Chandler mall, so there's tons of shopper traffic).
the decor was rich and pub-like, but nothing special.

Looking for a great Steakhouse & Bar in the Phoenix area?
Look no further than The Keg.
Great atmosphere, a heated patio for those evening dinners, great service, and phenomenal steaks.

I grew up on a farm where we raised our own beef and am therefore fussy when it comes to how meat is cooked and tastes.
I like the Keg and have always had a good cut of meat when I have gone here.
I have only eaten the steaks, salad, potato, and veggies,  but my wife has had some of the other items on the menu, which she says have been good, with the exception of the risotto.
The birthday coupon is the best (FREE STEAK AND LOBSTER), and it is sent to your home by mail.
I do not know of another steak house that does this.
Price is alright for being a steak house and for the location.
I like the atmosphere, the low lights, and the sense of being private even though there are others seated all around.
This place is very busy on the weekends with waits of up to 2hrs.
Try to plan ahead because there is no call ahead seating or reservations.

My wife and I moved to California last year, and we really miss The Keg.
It was my favorite steakhouse in AZ.
And, of course, they don't have them in Cali.
We love the eclectic atmosphere and the wonderful service.
The food is amazing, and the bread they bring... let me just say that you would step over your own mother to get to it.
My favorite is the bacon-wrapped filet mignon with a side of asparagus.
My wife generally goes for one of the specialty steaks they offer.
It is darn tasty.

Eat Good, Feel Good!
That's my motto and apparently Keg's too.
Outside: beautiful patio with misters, fireplace and plenty of giant potted foliage.
Inside: Typical, classy dark-wood and stone steakhouse/wine bar decor, very nice.
Staff:  Hostess: was cheery and kind  Waitress: was experienced and efficient, our glasses never emptied our food was served in appropriate succession and we were not rushed from our booth.
Manager: very gracious, came by our table to welcome us on our first visit and offered us a  complimentary sample of their Santa Fe Chicken dip (see pics)  It was really really good, the chips were fabulous too, I think half of them were fried flour tortilla chips, I would definitely order this in its full size.
We started with a caesar salad to share and it was split in the kitchen and served to us on ice cold plates (see pics) Fresh, crisp and just the right amount of dressing it was very refreshing and perfect to share.
I ordered the Halibut and Chips(see pics) Extremely  succulent fish in a light crisp beer batter, it was so delicious it didn't even need to be dipped in tartar sauce,the fries were well seasoned with a tender crunch, perfect.
The Mr. ordered the Keg Clubhouse sandwich (see pics) Giant sandwich,He Loved it, although even his big appetite could only accommodate half.
I was really feeling good by now, everything was just delicious, I cant believe I'd never dined here before.
To top it off I ordered the Cheesecake for dessert and asked for the cherry sauce on the side Mr. doesn't like it.
(see pics) WOW!
So creamy and light ,the cherry sauce was a winning touch,absolutely the perfect way to end a wonderful Lunch experience.
This is now my new favorite restaurant in the mall area, and just for the record they were well on to 5 stars even if we hadn't gotten the "first timers freebie"  I cant wait to go back and try their dinner menu!

This place is the spot for Happy Hour 4-6 pm.
They have several drink specials, I didn't listen after I saw the juicers at the bar and heard "orange slice martini" (3.75).
This drink is perfect, the orange slice floater tops it off- yum.
Next I tried a greyhound - of course fresh squeezed grapefruit and I added  the extra shot of Grey Goose for 1.25.
All appetizers are half off, you have to do the prime rib (no joke) sliders for about a fin.
WOW, this going to be a once a week gig methinks!
Not overcrowded, great lighting, comfortable and great service.
Give it a shot.
Oh, and the complimentary party of 6 or more Nachos were a hit.

Good Steaks but no atmosphere.
It's a cross between somewhere trying to create a 'scene' and the Outback Steakhouse.
Laminated menus and explanations of what 'medium-rare' is kinda says it all for me.

This place is great the atmosphere is pretty nice and the cocktail waitresses are smoking hot.
The prime rib is fabulous and have always had a great meal.
Great steak house!

Very good steaks, could be the best in Chandler.
Service is good, one of the nicer steakhouses around

Came here for dinner because my husband's friend lives in the area and the location was convenient for all of us.
It's not exactly a "hip" place, it's for a more older crowd.
We were one of the youngest tables there.
The crowd were more in their mid 50s to 60s.
The atmosphere is not there.
We were seated in the corner and the spotlight above us was out.
So we were relying on the 2 tea candles to see our menu and food.
The light that was stuck by the corner didn't help either.
The Mr took out his blackberry for light to see the menu.
For it to be called "The Keg" we were really disappointed in the beer selection.
We were expecting more variety of beers, and they didn't even have Heifenweiser.
The Mr ordered a Blue Moon.
Between the 5 of us, 2 ordered the sirloin,  top sirloin, prime ribs and chicken.
When our food arrived, it was lukewarm.
The Mr and I had the same order.
I ordered my steak medium well but it was well done.
Everything was very flavorful, but when it started getting cold the food became really salty.
The bread that comes in the beginning, isn't all that great.
It's just regular bread.
Our service was mediocore.
He wasn't very attentive to our needs, such as refilling our water, beer, or pepsi.
It was a busy night, but he hardly ever checked up on us.
By the time he returned with a pitcher of water asking if we wanted a refill, we were getting ready to leave.

I've eaten at this location twice and have enjoyed both visits.
I've had the prime rib which was cooked to perfection and a sirloin with lobster and shrimp special.
The lobster and shrimp where in a sauce that was a little too salty.
The crowd here is generally in the late 40's+ so don't expect a cool hip vibe from this place.
It's quiet and dark with a lot of warm colors, which I like for a steak place.
The service has always bene excellent.
The waiters are attentive but not intrusive.
We signed up to receive a free dinner on our birthdays and I got the voucher for a free prime rib dinner with a potato and salad to be used Monday - Thursday anytime during the month of my birthday, yesterday.
Woo hoo!

This place is a hit or miss kind of place for me.
The food is great or just okay.
The service is decent.
My big gripe with this place is that it's just too loud.
I don't want to have to shout at my dinner partner.
I've been to better steak houses where its also loud - however the food was so divine, you don't care.
When it comes to the Keg - I care.
Tone it down please!

I find there are very few establishments that do what I would really call 'good business' still left in the world.
I'm sure there are plenty I just run in to them every once in a rare while.
The Keg is one of them.
Two stories:  The first time I went here my friend and I just wanted a good steak so we searched out yelp and found The Keg was close.
Right off the bat I noticed the atmosphere was pretty nice, nothing over the top, but enjoyable.
I also noticed that the wait staff knew their shit.
Our waitress explained all the specials and recommended her favorites without hesitation.
The real highlight was before our food came when the manager came over and asked us if it was our first time.
He then brought us a shrimp cocktail on the house to kick off our meal.
The second visit was for a friend's birthday.
We ordered a round of chocolate cake shots and the manager showed up to mix them himself and bought us our first round.
He also gave us each recipes to take home with us.
The food on both occasions was great, I haven't had a good cut of meat like it since I left the midwest.
The wait staff is friendly and attentive, and I will definitely be going back.

When it's time for a great dinner out and $ is not a question, we go to The Keg.
Service and food are excellent.
the only thing I would change if I could would be to make it less expensive so I could afford to go there more often.
I can't decide which is better there, the food, or the attractive ladies involved in serving it.
I can tell you that they are not an 'equal opportunity employer" and I appreciate that.
If I could change anything about the restuarant, it would need to be a quieter facility.
However, I'm there for the food, so I tend not to notice the noise.

I really enjoy the food here and the Steak is prepared almost as good as my own and thats a tall order.
The sides are all delicious and I have never had a bad server.

I love, love, love the Keg!
I've been to this location as well as San Tan Village, Tempe Marketplace and Desert Ridge and have had nothing but exceptional food and service.
I really like the atmosphere, it has that dark, cozy steakhouse feeling without being too stuffy or pretentious.
We enjoyed an excellent  Halloween dinner here last night which included a "Keg sized" glass of Fetzer chardonnay, a margarita (very strong), the Keg Classic Dinner (ceasar salad, 7 oz filet wrapped in bacon, mixed vegetables and a loaded baked potato), bacon wrapped scallops (an appetizer that I ordered for my entree) and their fabulous bread with whipped butter, YUM!
Our server was very outgoing and friendly and offered suggestions as far as the menu.
The bill with tax and tip was $68, really an excellent value.
Overall, a great meal and dining experience.
I will definitely be back and can't wait!

This is a higher-middle quality chain... a little on the expensive side compared to others like Firebirds so I usually get the Classic Dinners as they are the best deal.
I go here about 4-5 times a year.
The Prime Rib is always very good and the Chocolate Cake is great.
The coffee is usually pretty bad... they really need to step up the quality of the coffee.

The Keg rocks, and is one of the few higher end, booze-serving establishments not on my boycott list (they do not post the "No Firearm" sign on their door).

Have been here twice.
Everything is excellent as far as food quality.
It's pretty busy on most evenings and that can slow things down so if you think you might be in a hurry I would recommend something else.
Service has been outstanding each time that I have been.
The food is good and they have a reasonably diverse wine lists with mostly national wine offerings.
The prime rib is superb.
Most meals will cost in the range of 15-30 dollars depending on pairings and w/o drinks.
Definitely worth it for a nice night out.

We had a party of six who went for a birthday celebration.
Awesome drinks, awesome service, awesome food!
The prime rib was as good as the reviews said it was, the blue burger (made with prime rib) was so juicy the bread did get a little soggy but oh so delicious, the prime rib sandwich was amazing and the au jus was delicious.
I would definitely recommend this restaurant.

Again, I am out of town and came here based on YELP.
In fact, I took a gang of 10 folks here based on yelp's rating.
Luckily, the ratings were spot on and my clients were happy and not disappointed at all.
The service was great and food was even better.
We ordered at least 6 different appetizers to pass around and they all tasted like entrees instead of typical snack food.
So we will be back!

My wife and I went to The Keg this evening after hearing some good Yelp reviews.
My wife had the Prime Rib and I had the Top Sirloin.
Both steaks were cooked to perfection.
My medium rare was perfectly red throughout.
We have been to several Steakhouses over the years (Mastro's, Marco Polo Supper Club, Ruth Chris, etc) and honestly our food tonight was on par with restaurants 4 times the price.
We liked it all, the beer, the martini's, the meat, the delicious 3 cheese butter on the baked potato, the salad  and the creme bulee for dessert.
The only thing that was slightly lacking was the vegetable medley with the meal.
I'm glad we chose this over Benihana next door.
The wait staff was great and even told us about their free $23 birthday meal if you sign up for the birthday club online.
Sweet.
We will do this next year (today is my wifes birthday).
Good stuff.

My husband and I have enjoyed the Keg on many occasions.
We always sit at the bar because we really enjoy the interaction of a bartender.
However, last night, we went on a date to celebrate...and something went wrong right from the beginning.
While the bartender said hello, she left us sitting there with no drink menu and no offer to get us something to drink for about five minutes.
The well was NOT slammed and there were a total of three bartenders, a bar back, and a manager behind the bar during that entire time.
I'm not usually that picky, but I felt very dismissed from the very beginning.
The bartender came back and asked if we would like something to drink and introduced herself as Katie.
She took our order and brought my husband's beer while I waited another few minutes for my glass of wine.
When she came back, she asked if we wanted appetizers.
I asked for a full menu and she went off for another five minutes, making drinks, talking with another server, and in search of menus.
Now, I know that I have higher expectations of many places (especially restaurants that charge an average of $26 a plate) and while I understand we were there at eight pm on a Saturday night, I felt really unappreciated and unwelcome.
Our food arrived in a timely manner and it was good - not great.
I took her recommendation on the steak and was disappointed - the steak had a fat marble running through it (one thing they point out not having on the front page of their menu) and they took away hubby's lobster butter before he was finished eating.
He used the bread butter for his lobster!
I mean, come on.
For an $80 meal?
Katie really redeemed herself at the end of the night.
I mentioned that I didn't care for her particular recommendation.
She offered to replace it but I really don't like to send food back unless it is awful.
She bought our two drinks to make up for it, which earned her a 30% tip.
I am usually so happy at the Keg...but this one merited a review of distaste.

I just had one of the best dining experiences I've had in a LONG time.
We went to the Keg with their birthday club coupon (see instructions below) and had a great meal for a steal of a price.
I feel like I got away with something to good to be true, so much so, that I want to go back to make a deposit in my karma bank.
First of all, Keg has a great happy hour that I always seem to forget about until I go there for dinner.
This time, we remembered right as we were walking in and decided to sit in the bar for dinner (good decision #2, #1 was going there in the first place).
Briana was our server and she was great!
Very friendly, the perfect balance of attentive but not overly so.
Never seemed like we were annoying her with our "one more minute" or "on the side" requests.
Nor, did she seemed bothered by the fact that we had the email birthday coupon for a free prime rib dinner ($23 value).
The best part is you don't even have to get the prime rib, you can get anything you want want and they credit your check for the $23.
Happy hour is M-F 4-7 with a few $5 appetizers, half price wines by the glass, draft beers, and $3.75 Orange Crush Martinis (one of the best martinis ever!).
The only thing is that HH is only in the bar or the patio.
So, if you'll take a moment to connect the dots with me, I can have dinner in the dining area and pay full price for glass of wine, or I can eat dinner in the bar and get the wine for half price.
Um, I think the answer is obvious.
Dinner was great.
We both ordered from the seasonal crab menu.
I got the mushroom and crab crusted sirloin and the birthday boy got the sirloin topped with crab and roasted red pepper sauce.
Both came with a potato side (baked for me, mashed for him).
Everything was cooked perfectly to our request and so delish!
Toward the end of my meal, I reached what I like to call the "point of no return.
" This is where there is not enough to take home, but just enough to push me over the edge of way too full if I eat it all.
While I was just about to go in for it and stuff myself, Briana showed up to check on us.
She easily made the decision for me and said "Take it home!
" Maybe three to four bites of my sirloin left and she not only didn't make me feel like an idiot for wanting to save it, but she encouraged it.
I heart her!
Added half of the baked potato, a piece of the delicious soft bread, and the thick tomato slice garnish from the boys plate.
Plenty for lunch tomorrow!
Oh, and one more thing I love about the Keg; Keg size glasses of wine.
A nine ounce pour at a great price.
Perfect for two people to each get one when they want a little more than one glass, but not quite enough to finish a whole bottle!
And with the 1/2 price wines by the glass during happy hour, it's AMAZING!!
OK, here is what I think you need to do.
1 - go to kegsteakhouse.com and sign up for their newsletter (birthday club).
2 - check your email at the beginning of the month of your birthday.
3 - go to the Keg (with the coupon, if you can wait that long, or when ever you just want a good meal)  4 - sit in the bar, M-F, from 4-7, for happy hour drinks and appetizers.
5 - if you're still hungry, order dinner and eat in the bar area, getting the best of both worlds!
6 - don't forget about the draft beers for $3, the Keg size wine pours, and the ultimate Orange Crush Martini!!!
7 - rinse and repeat, I mean go back again and again .
I'm going to!

I like the place when I go out with my friends.
The food is excellent.
The staff is nice but a bit slow.
Overall, I would recommend.

Never, ever disappointed here.
We've come back several times and I haven't written a review- WHY?!
Server was the best, pointed out the (new) appetizer he recommends the Lobster Gratiné, (Oven-baked lobster meat with garlic, herbs and melted Monterey Jack and Cheddar cheeses).
Very yummy, but not much in quantity, delicious meat though.
I suggest getting the Calamari appetizer if you're looking for a little more to eat as an appetizer (one of our favs)!
I had the Lobster Crusted Sirloin (to absoloutely DIE for, super tender, moist, flavorful, didn't even raise my hand to get the A1).
I barely have to in this place.
Kris had the half lobster and steak.
I've never seen any resteraunt cut a lobster in half the way that they do.
No, not horizontally where the tail is separate from the head.
Straight down sagittal.
(Medical students, you know what I'm talkn' about!
) Definitely a different cut, but he claims it's deliciousness and he dunks more pieces of it in the ramekin of hot, melted butter.
The manager also walked by and asked how we were doing, "Great!
" we managed to say with our mouths full of food!
Even baby didn't cry when he saw him.
Beautiful restaurant, great staff and unbelievable food.

Wonderful steaks that just melt in your mouth.
Service was great.
This not a kid friendly place so make sure to leave them at home  =) .
Got to say I will be returning again soon.

I came here during restaurant week and I ordered a bacon wrapped filet mignon with shrimp and scallops.
Came with an appetizer of  buttered shrimp and a dessert (I ordered crème brulée but they didn't have it so I picked carrot cake).
The buttered shrimp appetizer was pretty good.
The filet mignon was the best.
I always get it medium rare and it always hits the spot.
The shrimp and scallops were a bonus.
They didn't have the dessert I wanted but the Carrot cake (à la mode) was a big slice (like 1/4 of a regular carrot cake).
I'm sure I would've gotten diabetes if I ate all of it but I took a few bites and finished the ice cream.
The price was pretty good, all of that was $39.
In my opinion this is a little bit better than Mortons.

This restaurant nails it.
Technically speaking, the steak cuts get a b+, seasoning b+, cooking a- .
The service was b+   However when you factor in the reasonable price (~27 per full steak entree including salad and fixins) and great atmosphere, it rounds a complete and excellent experience.
Even though the service was imperfect, it was mainly because our waiter was overzealous to do a good job.
Hard to hold that against him.
Fantastic value - highly recommended, do not hesitate to come here.

Being from the east coast and not a fan of chain restaurants, I must say I am a fan of this place.
While the service was spotty at best, our waitress vanished for a while, the food itself was very good.
I look forward to visiting the Keg the next time I am out west!

I DIDN'T GET CARDED HERE!
For most of you that wouldn't be a big deal but when you look like you're 16 like me, it's a pretty big thing when you don't have to pull out your wallet and grab your ID to order a martini.
All jokes aside though I had an awesome experience at the Keg.
Service was exceptional from start to finish, I'm so mad I don't remember the waiter's name but he was awesome, totally attentive and made sure everything was just the way we wanted.
Since we had never been before he explained the menu to us and gave us his recommendations.
I ordered the Prime Rib Classic with garlic mashed potatos and my date got the New York Strip with the twice baked potato.
The Prime Rib was sooooo good!
It was cooked perfectly, very tender and had a great flavor!
I'm so glad I took the waiter's advice and went with that.
The garlic mashed potatos great too.
My date's steak was had a really nice flavor as well but I didn't try his potato.
For dessert we shared the Creme Brulee which was also spectacular.
The crust had a wonderful texture and flavor and the custard was the perfect compliment to it.
I can't wait to go back but next time I think I'll plan for it by not eating the whole day before so that I can actually finish my plate!

The Keg is a fairly large chain restaurant but I've only been to the one located in Chandler.
It looks like they have locations throughout the US and Canada.
I've been here a couple of times now and have found that the steaks are much better than the prime rib.
The last time I went, I had the 20 oz rib eye.
It was pretty awesome and cooked perfectly medium-rare.
The prime ribs are decent....but pales in comparison to House of Prime Rib in SF.
I recommend getting the baked potato as a side dish and ask for the triple cheese butter.
In fact, ask for extra triple cheese butter.
It's that good.

Headliner: Just your run of the mill steak place.
Don't bother with anything else.
The Keg is your typical steakhouse in Chandler.
There is a nice outdoors patio area and happy hour from 4pm to 7pm.
There is a three course prix fixe menu for $39.95 as well as the regular menu.
The specialty is obvious on reading the menu - they put a BIG emphasis on how they prepare their steaks.
We were sat in the main dining room, and immediately served water - in wine glasses, which was kind of weird.
The bread course was a good white individual loaf - freshly baked and well executed, but really nothing special.
My dining partner, Dan, had a ceasar salad.
It was exactly what you would expect from a ceasar salad - uninspired.
The croutons at Firebirds (just round the corner) are a step above what was served here.
I had a spinach salad, with mandarin oranges, dried cranberries, pecans, red onions and the option of goat cheese or blue cheese (which was my option).
There could have been a little more dressing, and the dressing itself was a weak dressing.
THe salad was a little dry, but the components went together and were tasty.
Salad was a spinach salad, with mandarin oranges, dried cranberries, pecans and red onions and option of goat cheese or bleu cheese (my opt).
There could have ben a little more dressing, and the dressing itself was a weak dressing.
It was a little dry, but all the components were good.
I decided on a medium rare top sirloin with sweet potato fries.
The fries were nice and crispy, and there was a grilled tomato on the side with some cheese melted on top.
There was also some sort of garlic mayo type dipping sauce for the fries.
The steak was perfectly cooked.
The highlight to me was the garlic dipping sauce.
I kept going back for the fries just as an excuse to keep on dipping.
Overall, a decent place.

Great food, excellent service, got in right before the dinner rush....it was allllll good.
:)  Calamari and jalapenos left me wanting more and top sirloin was excellent.
My coworkers agreed.
I actually liked this location a million times better than in Markham, ON (toronto) where I first found this restaurant chain.
Thanks Chandler!

For not being a big fan of fatty meat the prime rib is great.
They do have the best im sure.
The sweet potato fries are great and the NY strips are very good as well.
Great service and dinner!

My co-workers and I have tried going here for happy hour drinks/food twice.
The restaurant is great.
Don't get me wrong but, I don't think they know how to deal with a large party.
I've even called ahead and all they say is well we can't accommodate you until you've arrived and then they run around like a chicken with their head cut off for 10 minutes pushing together 2 tables.
Pretty good prices overall though.

Great follow up to a small issue we had.

Ambiance was nice.
Steak (pecan sirloin) was tasty.
Waitresses were friendly.
However was not overly impressed with restaurant.
It was indistinguishable from other steakhouses.

I had the filet... it was delish!
Service was great, beers were cold, food always great!
Ill be back soon!

I know the company you go to dinner with makes a big difference in your experience while dining, but even though all of the company with me has been wonderful, I have enjoyed eating each of my meals I have ordered at  the keg.
My husband and I have eaten here many times.
I never order the steak but always try something else.
My husband always orders a steak and they are just fine.
It is a wonderful place to go for a nice glass of wine and a simple dinner.
The service is good and there are different places to sit like the lounge, main dining area or the patio.
We love to go in the winter and get a seat on the patio to talk and look at the stars over our meal and a good glass of red wine.
Confortable and romantic.

had a wonderful experience here from first drink to last bite.
Atmosphere has a nice chic upscale feel to it and the lighting is nice and cozy.
We waited in the nice bar while we waited for our table.
The orange martini they have is just heaven.
After a few of those down the hatch i tried a "keg" size glass of wine and was great as well.
This is def a steak joint, so about 90% is all about steaks but there are some salads, fish and crab options.
(they are also having a lobster special right now).
Lover had the prime rib and crab combo and loved it( they are apparently really known for their prime rib) i went with the crab off course and did not disappoint.
The staff was very nice and very patient and i noticed that just about everyone that works here is good looking also.
just a pretty place filled with pretty people and good food!

I went for Happy Hour in the bar and was very pleased.
There is a great selection of drinks and food all for very reasonable prices.
I enjoyed orange slice martinis and shared several appetizers with friends.
The food portions were large and all very tasty.
The lounge has a great  cozy atmosphere with just the right amount of lighting.
Our service was very good and they were attentive to our needs.
Just make sure you get there early because it does get crowded especially in the hot summer months when it's too warm to sit outside even with the misters.

I'm fairly new to this area and I'm trying new places as fast as my time and budget will allow - - so when friends suggested we go to dinner at The Keg, I was thinking Sports Bar.
I like a good burger and a beer (as long as it is dark), so I thought it would be a fun way to catch-up with my out-of-town friends.
The Keg turned out to be a great Steakhouse.
Way better than a sports bar.
The food was fantastic.
(Oh, do try the twice baked potato!
A winner!
) Great steaks, good salads, and veggies .
we had asparagus and it was done perfectly!
We each had the prime rib and it was melt in your mouth perfect.
And to top it all off, our service was superb.
Our server was knowledgeable, friendly, and there when we needed her and not when we didn't.
The Keg is definitely worth a visit or two: when you have out-of-town visitors, when you need to celebrate a life event, when you are hungry for a good steak, when you need to relax over a drink and a meal  .
actually there are dozens of reasons to head to The Keg!

This is a perennial favorite of my husband and I.
We love the atmosphere, the food, drinks and juicy slabs of beef we can choose from.
Their patio also has a nice vibe to it when the weather cools off some, the fireplace prevents things from getting too chilly during our short fall and winter seasons.
My favorite has always been the prime rib, medium rare almost to the outer edges with a generous helping of horseradish and au jus.
I also can't eat here without the Mushrooms Neptune.
We each get an order to avoid sharing.

Amazing!
From the moment I walked into the door I was greeted by the Hostess with a very warm smile and immediately you felt that you were in a great place.
Our waiter was genuine and was happy to answer any questions that we had about the menu.
He was very knowledgeable of the wine selection helping me to pick a wine to my exact liking.
Never have I been so impressed with the service provided to me.
Towards the end of our dinner I asked to speak the manager to offer all our compliments that we had for the the service we received.
The manager received our compliments genuinely and we could tell that he was thankful for hearing everything we had to say.
The food was great.
I could not have asked for more.
The quality and taste of everything we had made me think that we were paying way too less.
Overall, I can say that i will be returning to the Keg as often I possibly can and would recommend this establishment to anyone!

The Keg is definitely one of my favorite chain steak joints around the valley.
Always done the way you want it!
I went during Restaurant Week so the price wasn't bad at all.
Regardless, I didn't think the price of their meals were too expensive for steaks and lobsters.
The Pecan Goat Cheese Sirloin was awesome!
Service is always good here.
They generally have several very attractive hostesses seating you and then your wait staff is always well dressed and attentive.
They do well with large groups!
The ambience is rustic with a steakhouse look and feel.
Not old fashion by any means, but like a maze while walking around.
- Enjoy!

Came for Happy Hour ended up staying for dinner!
Awesome Happy Hour Drinks and appetizers!
I had the orange martini (okay... maybe a few.. like 3 lol) and another one I cant remember (probably because of the 3 orange martinis!
) .
My friend and I also had the fried green beans.. they were delicious.
I couldnt stop eating them!
We then decided to stay for dinner and I had a sirloin with blue cheese and pecans.
It was also very good.
Service was great, table was decently quiet for a conversation, and prices were not bad considering the amount of alcohol consumed!
Two of us.. 6+ martinis, 2 steak dinners, appetizers, bread.. $110 with tip.

My husband and I went here for the Restaurant Week menu after having not visited in a while and left wondering why we hadn't.
The food was fantastic.
The menu is not very exciting, just your basic mid-range steak house fare with no real unique or imaginative dishes.
But it is still really excellent food.
Service was professional but not stuffy.
They also have a great list of beers on tap and wines by the glass.
I hope that we will not wait so long to return next time.

Amazing food and AMAZING service.
Mat the server is my favorite!
Will go there again and again.

Came here with my friend for her Birthday.
They have the greatest Birthday deal in town.
If you sign up on their website and give your Birthday information they will send you a Birthday certificate where you  will get an entire free meal for your Birthday.
It is quite amazing!
The food is excellent and the staff very knowledgeable.
It was the first time i had ever been here, but i can't wait to go back.

One of my favorite late night dinner places.
Generous portion sizes of a variety of steaks!
I also love their French onion soup with crisp bread and melted cheese goodness.
Their salads are huge and very very reasonably priced.
Great place for a date.
Also, be sure to pick up one of their dinner mints on the way out.
It's the only place that has it!
Mint hard shell candy with gooey chocolate in the middle.
Love it.

I've eatten here numerous time and I must say that this is my favorite steakhouse by far.
Most steakhouses I've been to tend to not the get the meat cooked correctly.
The first time I went here with my husband I was confused a bit when they asked 'what temperature at would you like your steak'.
The waitress was more then helpful on explaining what temperature equals what type of cooking.
When I got my steak it was cooked to perfection.
I love their baked potatoes and the salads are wonderful!
They also have a great wine list and a good selection of mixed drinks.
Also, I've gone here a few times for lunch too and they have a pretty nice sized lunch menu as well with half sandwiches and soup combos that are just the right amount of food for lunch.

Probably should be a 3.5.
Last time I was there was restaurant week.
Food was good, but Firebirds was better.
Wait times here can be long..

Horrible Experience!
Waiter lacked manners and was more interested in getting a date with the table next door then he was to making sure other tables were taken care of.
Went there Monday evening for my boyfriends birthday.
Been there before but never had this bad of service.
Issue with the food, but that wasn't the issue...while trying to share with the waiter what the problem was..he walked away...and manager when she showed up...didn't listen either...guess they're too busy to want repeat business....won't be giving them my monies in the future...issues happen but how they are dealt with is what matters.
Very disappointed with the waiter and manager's attention.
The only person that seemed to care was the kitchen manager and it wasn't her fault.
Guess this chain thinks that people skills are not important -  Update-  the manager finally called me 3 days later...we spoke briefly-  during that conversation he was going to check into whether the server noted about the allergies...  week later and I'm still waiting for that phone call back from the manager...
He was so quick to defend the lousy service and issue with the meal that he has not contacted me back....  kept apologizing but did NOTHING TO MAKE IT RIGHT!

This place has one of the best HH's around.
The beers are fairly cheap in price and you get a lot of beer.
The tempura snap peas and asparagus are amazing.
The steaks are also good.
I will definitely be enjoying a free sirloin on my bday.
So join the bday club here.
The chocolate martini's are amazing as well (so says my gf).
They're clear and you can't even taste the liquor, just chocolate.
It's not on their list of martini's but order it and you will have a great chocolate fix as well as get drunk.

Good food, we come every year for our birthdays.
Scott our server while very nice was a little slow with drink refills.
Don't leave without ordering the creme brûlée .., it's the best

$51 plus tip for filet with bleu cheese crust and lobster tail.
Lobster had no taste.
Filet was ok, but dry and i scraped off the bleu cheese.
I ordered it medium rare.
I won't be back.
The patio outside was nice and had a fireplace.
I wouldn't go here to eat again.

I have been here about 5 times.
Every time I go, they do a great service.
The staff is always helpful and create a great atmosphere.
Defiantly worth the $$$$.

The ribeye is brilliant.
Very good value in just oz per dollar; however they also age the beef and offer 2 infrequent choices for how you would like it cooked: blue rare on one end of the spectrum and Chicago style as an oddball.
Chicago means the outside will be charred and the inside will be whatever temp you want it.
I went for Chicago rare, and it was so amazing I didn't use the onion straws or sautéed mushrooms that come with it.
I also only had a tiny bite of my twice baked which was very good, but I couldn't spare the room since its a 20 oz cut.
The tempura snap peas and asparagus were light crisp and wonderful.
The bartender was great and did well with a basil gimlet that was sweeter than I usually allow, but the agave and elderberry went really well with the citrus.
Also, this place looks to require headshots from all staff when applying, but in addition to all being very attractive they all had their hustle on and were keepin the place moving.
Update: 2nd showing?
Still a mighty good steak, but much worse service.
The bartender was very concerned about closing and not so much serving me.
Guess they should've went farther than her headshot...

2 out of 4 people got seriously Ill after mothers day dinner.
No compensation.
Manager inferred  we must have eaten something else that day.
No, no Dr Keg I did not.Not that I ever want to eat here again.
Veggies hard as rocks.
I don't know what you people are eating but this place stinks.

I was in Chandler for a conference and, with the help of Yelp, I found this great restaurant!
The service was great and the food was very delicious.
I asked my server what his favorite dish was, and he suggested "Rib roast with Oscar topping, crunchy onions and twice-baked potato.
"  I ordered it and I LOVED it!
Although I don't think I will be coming back to Chandler anytime soon, I will definitely keep this place bookmarked!
I hope to be back again!

The place is pretty comfortable and the prices aren't that bad.
It's more a 3.5  I had the bone in rib steak and I ordered it medium.
as most of the times in almost every place I go, they overcooked it :(  The house pinoit noir was decent and in general the food was pretty good for the money.
The service was friendly but no refills on the water and the waitress never came back to ask if I would like another glass of wine.
I would if she asked, but that never happened.
All in all, a good place to go, not super expensive and ok service.

Came here early on a random Sunday night.
We live no where near the restaurant but we were happy we stopped by.
I got the small sirloin and the bf got the baseball sirloin which was the bomb.
Better flavor and more tender than mine.
The sides and salad were good also.
Service was really great even though he had a 12 top so he was slammed.

Ate here for the first time on Sunday night, very very good food I had the steak and lobster.... Our waitress was outstanding (wish I remembered her name) I highly recommend The Keg!
Great job guys

Ordered the rib-steak and twice baked potato.
The steak was a bone-in 20oz ribeye, it was cooked perfect but was lacking seasoning.
The twice baked potato was outstanding.
My wife ordered the bacon wrapped fillet and a twice baked potato.
She also thought the steak was a bit bland.
Overall the food was good and we will continue to have dinner here a couple of times a month.

Great food but service was a little slow, seemed under staffed.
Overall very reasonable for the quality and quantity

Stopped by for my birthday meal and received an excellent steak, excellent service and a free desert.
The manager came by twice to make sure all was well......

Christine's service was top notch, my first visit ever was a fantastic experience because of it.
Great live lobster, great shrimp cocktail, great Billie miner pie!!

This place always keeps the bar set high!!
My wife and i have been here twice, and are always very pleased with their service!
It is NOT possible to ever be disappointed here!
Baseball sirloin, oscar style is how i roll :)

Date night last night.
Our server recommended his favorite bottle of wine.. some kind of blend.
It was very good, and I don't usually go for blend wines.
We both ordered french onion soup which was delicious.
Then filet and crab for me, and filet and lobster for the woman.
Everything was prepared well, minus the lobster which was overcooked and on the rubbery side.
Prices are very reasonable here.. no prime meat, I don't think.. Our server made great suggestions, and did an awesome job.
Would have been 4 stars if the lobster was prepared correctly-

The ambiance was promising when we all arrived.
It was suggested that the prime rib would be the best option so I ordered the 7 oz, medium (using their menu-rankings and descriptions as a guide), plus the usual sides.
What I got was essentially steak tartar, with a millimeter-thick quick sear on the outside.
On first bite I wasn't sure what I was eating, so I had a second.
Then it became apparent that the middle of the steak was not only rare, it was completely raw .. basically refrigerator-cold to the tongue.
So, steak sashimi not being what I wanted I waited for the server to return.
This didn't happen so I got up and went searching through the restaurant, to no avail.
I finally just stood in the middle of a busy intersection until one passed by, and explained the situation.
He could not find our server either so agreed to take it back for 'reheating'.
A few minutes later someone higher up came and apologized and said another would would be right up.
The rest of our party continued to dine while I sat there with no dining whatsoever, no refills on water/drink etc.
About 20 minutes later my food arrived (45 mins after ordering), and everyone else was most way through theirs.
With wine glass completely empty, no service for refills forthcoming, I proceeded into steak #2 with just a glass of water.
Steak #2 was marginally better, but in lieu of medium it was just well done on the outer ring and again, all-rare tartar in the middle.
I gave up after a few bites, just surrendered the meal altogether and just went to a taco take-out on the way back to the hotel.
I didn't do an exhaustive review of the check but it did not look like anything was comped, though the restaurant put in a $25 gift card for a future visit.
This I regarded as a final insult, as I have no desire to return to this place and in lieu of making up for the bad meal and poor service, the only apparent apology is an invitation to come back and do it all over again.
I hope others have a better experience.

After signing up for their e-mail list, I was pleasantly surprised to find a $25 coupon sitting in my e-mail for my birthday.
I had only been to the Keg once before (a very long time ago) so I was very excited to try again and take my boyfriend, who had never been.
We did go on a weeknight (coupon stipulation for weekends) but liked the fact that it wasn't as hectic and busy as on a weekend night.
Since it was my birthday dinner, my boyfriend I got all dressed up and went out for a nice dinner.
We were seated immediately at a spacious booth next to a large fireplace.
The ambience reminded me of an upscale lodge.
Our server was very attentive and charismatic.
He made our experience fun but not overwhelming us with unnecessary visits to our table.
We were given a loaf of wonderful bread to start.
Our server made awesome dinner selections, including my boyfriend's filet oscar entree.
I went with the 10 oz filet mignon and a side of steamed veggies.
We ordered our steaks cooked medium and medium rare.
Both were cooked very well.
Everything we ate was top notch!
The best part comes with dessert!
The GM came over to our table and not only wished me a Happy Birthday with his adorable baby boy in his arms but gave us a free Miner Pie.
OMG it was incredible!!
I think the idea of giving us that kind of service was better than the actual pie for dessert.
For the food and service we received, the prices were on point.
The Keg is not a cheap place but is very delicious and service was great.
I will definitely return and my boyfriend even said he would return for his birthday dinner in the summertime :)

I have been going to The Keg Steak House now ever since they first opened.
I have enjoyed everything from the ambiance  to the wonderful food and the servers are great.
I highly recommend this restaurant.
Alot of quality for the price.

What goes better with steak than T&A?
Horrible place to bring a date, even if she's a model, you'll still be caught with wandering eyes.
Oh, and the food is great too.

Went to The Keg with my wife as she had never been and Flemings was booked.
The staff was very accommodating and friendly.
The server was excellent.
He checked in often, presented himself very well and was attentive to our needs.
We had a bottle of Ridge that was delicious.
The brie appetizer was very good.
Now onto the steak:  Each of us ordered a bacon wrapped filet medium rare.
Unfortunately, the steak came wrapped in bacon fat and was cooked closer to rare vs medium rare.
At times I'll order my steak rare or rare + so this wasn't a problem for me, but the bacon grizzle was unappetizing.
We had the creme brulee for dessert and it was average.
The Keg does a good job, but if the could pay a little more attention to detail with respect to the food.
I think they try and turn out the food too fast and it just doesn't compare to other steak houses.
Definitely a AAA club.
If you want a real steak go to Flemings or Ruth Chris for a Big League experience.

As a regular at The Keg next to Chandler Mall, it pains me to say that my last two visits were less than stellar.
When setting up nearby tables, the busboy sent the utensils crashing across the tabletops.
Twice in a row, there were families who could not control their children: screaming, doing somersaults in the aisles, etc.
And then to order the recommended fish that turned out to be too dry to swallow...I am really disappointed!
Where is the management presence?

I went to this place with high hopes on my wife's birthday, and we were not disappointed!
Being from South-Africa originally where we are some of the biggest red meat-eaters in the world I have been craving a good steak for the entire 1 1/2 years I have been in the USA, and this was the first place where I found one !
I loved the look of the place and the atmosphere and the service was excellent.
Both our dishes were fantastic.
I had the creme brule for dessert, my wife got the Billy Miner Pie and I think that she made the better choice.
That must be the best dessert I have tasted in a very long time !

I love the Keg!!
What sounds like a trashy bar and grill run by washed up College dropouts is actually a classy restaurant with a delicious menu of steaks and seafood.
The patio outside is amazing, like a 5 star resort.
Inside is dark and romantic.
There is a large bar area with tables, lounge chairs, and a fireplace.
The service is very friendly and attentive.
They have a nice selection of draft beers, wine, and drinks.
The food is simply outstanding.
I've had filet mignon and a couple of the sirloins.
The steak was cooked perfectly, full of flavor.
The sides are pretty simple, but tasty nonetheless.
Prices are high, but you get what you pay for here.
The Keg is quickly becoming my go to when I'm in Chandler.

We love this place the food is great

This was our second visit to this location and very disappointed again... Will not return to this location.
We had friends in town and decided to visit as we were close to this location.
We normally visit the Tempe location which I would rate 5 Stars.
This location on the other hand is rated only 2 stars as the service on both occasions was below par.
On this visit we decided to sit in the bar area as the dining room was busy.
The staff was friendly, but after waiting over 1 1/2 hours to get our meal I felt as if we were forgotten.
Tables around us were served but we sat with little notice.
I am sure that the server forgot to turn in our order.
NO help from the management, I will rate this POOR.
The food was good, just very POOR service.
I was informed by a floor manager that the GM would contact me, never heard anything from he/she.
I had a similar issues on a previous visit but only decided to visit this location as we were close by.
Will not make the same mistake again...

We went here on a double date and had a wonderful time.
The restaurant was a bit warm when we arrived, but it got better as the dinner progressed.
The husband and I had a blue cheese theme for the dinner - we started with gin martinis (Hendrick's of course) with blue cheese stuffed olives, split the blue cheese wedge salad, split the filet topped with blue cheese and a twice baked potato.
The food was good, but the filet wasn't as good as what you can get at CHoP down the road.
The service was good and we got a lot of food for the money.

Follow-up to previous posting on the Keg Steakhouse in San Tan.
The Kitchen manager contacted me within 5 days of my posting and was very understanding of my disappointment from our visit.
He did provide me with a coupon and his business card to have us come back to this location.
My only issue now is that why wasn't it handled  like this from the start?
I do appreciate the professional manner in which I am now being treated.
I added one star to my previous 2 star rating.
Time will tell...

If  I had to describe the Keg to someone who hasnt been there before I would say its a step below a Ruths Cris.
The food quality is great and service is great its just the little touches that make the difference.
I have been going to the Keg for over 5yrs and never once had a bad experience.
A few times they have over cooked or under cooked my steak or filet however they always took it back and fixed it, one time they even comped the meal for us since we had a few issues.
Some of my favorite dishes are the Santa Fe Chicken Dip, the New York or the Filet both topped with their Bleu Cheese crust (its more of a bleu cheese and roasted garlic crust) and then whenever they have their Dungeness crab specials those are always good.

Perfect place to sit outside, have a couple cocktails and have a great steak.
Sirloin for me.
Service is top notch, prices reasonable and again the atmosphere is second to none for outdoor dining.
Will always return when in Chandler.
Update: Been back two times since my intial review and I dropped it one star.
The first of the last two visits they transposed the order for my wife and I for our steak, when the manager came out to speak with us and rectify this....he did the exact same thing!
By the time our steaks arrived after sending them back twice, we were no longer hungry after finishing the baked potato and salad and we were running out of patience.
They went good for it and reduced our bill which was nice.
This last time my wife's steak came out very rare and as timing would have it,  it was the manager who checked on us just as she was first cutting into it.
He took it back and again my wife worked on the baked potato and had no room left for the steak.
The waitress also failed to bring out a wedge salad for one of the other guests in our party.
She returned with our meals so getting a salad at that point seemed a waste.
It also took some time before our drinks arrived as well.
The management again took my wifes steak off the bill and offered our two other guests a dessert for the salad mistake.
My steak was more rare than medium but I ate it anyway and it just wasn't that good, sad to say, as we really love the location and the outdoor seating.
40 minute travel from the house which we may not make again for quite a while.

I took my honey here on his birthday, and Im glad I did.
Nice ambiance inside, friendly staff and hostesses.
I ordered the bacon wrapped filet and lobster tail and he the chicken and scallops.
Everything was cooked well, and the steak was seasoned perfectly.
Way better than Montis steakhouse.
lol.
The twice baked potatoes and veggies were awesome too.
The wine list is extensive, and they gave him a free billy miner pie for his bday dessert, which was delicious.
We left quite happy, and we tend to be picky eaters.
We will definitely go back.
Prices aren't bad at all for steak My only complaint was that we got our food only a couple minutes after out appetizer arrived, not giving us any time to eat it, and the table became over crowded.
The waitress did apologize but oh well.

Came here for my Birthday dinner.
They do have the greatest Birthday deal in town for sure.
If you sign up on their website, they will send you a certificate for $25.00 off one of the best dinners you will ever have.
So we got the full works, starters, dinners, a bottle of wine and dessert.
French onion soup to start.
Fantastic, we have been here a few times before and knew this was a winner.
Next I had the steak and Crab legs, and T the Filet mingon and lobster.
Also wonderful.
The bread was even good at this place.
After a wonderful dinner,we thought we would have dessert.
Major dissapointment!
I got the chocolate Brownie with Ice Cream.
It was a cheap Ice Cream, almost like an Ice milk, and the Brownie had no flavor.
T got the Key lime pie.
She said it tasted like she made it herself from a keebler pie crust.
She gave me a taste and it was awfully sweet,Both came with canned whipped cream.
It was a wonderful dinner just spoiled by the dessert.
Next time eat everything just not the dessert portion of it.
Just skip it.
Our experiance was good other wise.
Our server was a little pre occupied with the table next to us.
She knew them( one of them worked there or used to).
So she was busy talking to them.
luckily we were not in a hurry.
Still a good place, been here a few times and will come back for sure.

My favorite place to eat!
Bacon wrapped filet and twice baked potatoes with an amazing wine list!

I am giving it 3 stars as the food was just okay.
There was no fabulous tastes from the prime rib dinners that me or my daughter who has a bit of a culinary background (homeade cooking that is).
The reason for an actual 3-stars, is that it is a beautiful restaurant, very comfortable dining, services are wonderful, but the food just did not satisfy paying just over $100.00.
Sorry, I have had much more flavorful prime rib at Black Angus.
Save your money folks, maybe we will have to venture over to Flemings, Ruth Chris or another steakhouse for a delicious and flavorful prime rib dinner.

I don't frequent steakhouses too often but I will come back here for sure.
Their menu had a lot of tempting dinners.
I ended up having a peppercorn new york steak, which coincidentally my friend got too.
We both thought it was outstanding.
Everyone in our party enjoyed their dinner, although there was a mix-up and 3 of the dinners had to be re-done.
I'll chalk that up to a rare, honest mistake which they more than made up for.
My wife enjoyed the mini-brownie dessert.
I thought the bar was very nice and cozy.
The restaurant was very nice but not too formal, which I don't care for at all.
All-in-all a great dining experience.

For a steakhouse, the steak was just okay, i ordered medium rare and portions of the steak were either medium or just rare..
The service was great and the sides were perfect, especially the twice baked potato.
Just really wish the steak were better.

The Keg is a nice place to go to for an upscale dinner date.
The restaurant is high class inside.
The lighting is dim which I like but I know some people don't.
The booths and tables are big so you feel very comfortable.
The bread they give you is soft and tastes great while you wait.
I got a hamburger and I was very impressed how good it was.
They have good fries as well.
The price isn't that much higher than other places that aren't as upscale.

The keg is a really good steak house for a nice dinner.
We went to eat here on a random Friday as a just because dinner.
We had the Prime Rib and their au 'jus sauce is really good.
I recommend the Caesar salad as the Wedge salad looks really plain.
The veggies are really good especially the mushrooms.
The bread is really good and holds you over until your food comes.
Staff is friendly too!

Terrible service.
Went in at 5:00 on a Wednesday for an early dinner.
The place was not busy and we were told by the hostess that it would be just a few minutes because the servers were "polishing the tables".
20 minutes later, no one had come or gone, there were at least 5 employees milling around and we were still not seated.
Had to walk out.
Sitting in Firebirds as I write this.

Hands down our new place to frequent for dates and special occasions!
Fantastic service, amazing food and a very classy and beautiful ambiance.
Great job management!
Your choice team people are wonderful!
We had the bacon wrapped scallops, garlic cheese toast, Caesar salad, Share Lobster and prawn plate and a 10oz medium Filet Mignon.
Everything was PERFECT!
They even complimented us 2 glasses of champagne to toast us for our Anniversary.
And on my birthday a delicious mocha type cream pie.
I'm wowed by great service every time we dine at the Keg.
If you haven't been here, get here!

I was here a several weeks ago with my girlfriend.
We were seated promptly and the decor was nice.
Our waiter was fantastic and I enjoyed his beer recommendation.
We ordered surf and turf.
I thought it lacked a bit of seasoning, so it just didn't blow me away; but the food was still ok.

We had Thanksgiving dinner at The Keg and normally I really like that restraint but not this time.
We had 3:30 reservations and did not receive any food until 5:00.
The food was tasteless, bland, not good.
I gave 2 starts because the staff worked so hard and were all extremely friendly.
Even the manager was serving drinks and running food.
But as for the food it self, we could of probably got a better dinner at Denny's.

This is a good meal!
I eat the filet and the twice baked potato is good too.
The garlic mashed potatoes are very tasty.
For two people, expect a check of around 70.00.
Its a quick fix you can get without driving all the way to some fancier places like Ruth Chris.

The food is really good for the price.
The service is excellent, I've paid a lot more for a lot worse.
There have beeb a few times there was a mix up with our food or something was underdone and without us even really complaining they would comp the dish or bring a free desert or give us a gift card.
It seems like they really go above and beyond to meet expectations.

I have always enjoyed The Keg, but generally go to the one at San Tan.
Last night was my Mom's birthday and we decided on going to The Keg at Chandler Mall.
I have never had a bad time at The Keg, but last night was horrible.
We ordered four steak dinners, salads, glasses of wine, beer, even dessert.
We were there to have a nice dinner and spend some money.
However, the service was completely horrible and unacceptable for the amount of money we were spending.
The salads came without bread, by the time they came by and asked if we wanted bread, we were already done with our salads and it had been over an hour since we sat down and we were ready for a meal since we were all hungry.
I waited quite a while for my IPA beer after finishing my Keg Size glass of wine and when I asked the waitress about the beer, she said, "Oh yeah, sorry, it has been sitting at the bar and I haven't had a chance to get it".
My Mom and I ordered our steaks medium well and they were completely red in the middle.
However, at this point, we didn't want to say anything because it had already been an hour and a half since we sat down.
My Mom wanted dessert, but didn't want to wait 30 minutes for it and so told the waitress nevermind.
The waitress replied that it would be out in 10 minutes tops.
Mom decided not to chance it and went home.
My son and I ordered desserts to go and they took over 20 minutes to arrive.
We thought since they were ordered "to go" that we would get our check and pay and leave, but it took another 20 minutes to flag down the waitress to get the check.
She seemed disinterested the entire time we were there, she rarely checked to see if we were OK or needed anything else and when we did need something else it took a very long time to arrive.
As a rule, I always tip 20% or more, but last night I had to leave 15% which was still quite a bit on a $170 bill, so the waitress still made out in spite of her crappy service.
I will need to stick with The Keg at San Tan going forward as I am very disappointed with the one at Chandler.

We have been here a few times and it's pretty darn good!
Staff is always friendly and knowledgeable of the food.
I love their prime rib and crab while my boyfriend's loves the baseball cut steak.
We're going here for Valentine's next week so we're excited to return!

I love eating at the Keg and prefer the San Tan location.
The server that we had at the Chandler location was really rude to us and didn't handle a money discrepancy issue properly.
Great food.

This review is for the Keg location at the Chandler Fashion Center.
I have divided this review into three parts: Ambience, Service and Food.
Ambience: We arrived at 5:30 on a Saturday and were seated in a booth after a very short wait (the place got busy around 6:15).
The décor of this location is similar to previous Kegs we have tried (although we had not been to a Keg Steakhouse in a few years): Lots of wood on the walls with various paintings, wooden tables but no tablecloths.
Overall, the ambience was very nice but nothing special.
We were situated close to a server's station but we were not bothered by any of the typical noise we have heard at other restaurants.
The lighting is medium to dim, similar to other steakhouses.
Service: Once seated, we were promptly greeted by our server who took our drink order.
He also brought us warm bread and butter after a few minutes.
Our server was friendly and courteous.
Water and non-alcoholic drinks were refilled frequently without having to ask.
Our entrées arrived when we were only half way through our salads but this was understandable (see the Food comments).
Overall, the service was very good.
Food: For starters, my wife had the mixed greens salad and I had the caesar.
Both portions were quite large (almost entrée sized) - hence our entrees arrived before we were finished.
The salads were good (again nice but nothing special).
For our entrees, my wife had the Filet Oscar (the Keg does theirs with shrimp and scallops rather than crab) and I had the Filet Medallions with three sauces (chimichurri, béarnaise and creamy peppercorn).
The steaks were done to our specifications.
The steaks also came with asparagus spears and red bell peppers.
My only complaint (and it is a minor one) is that the steaks could have rested for a bit before they were brought to us.
There were six choices for sides - we both opted for the twice-baked potato.
Some other restaurants give you a twice-baked or baked potato that is the size of your fist.
These were almost twice that size.
They were very creamy and quite tasty.
For dessert, my wife had the crème brulee and I had the key lime pie.
The portions were generous and very good.
We took half our salads and half our entrees home - no complaint about the portion sizes here.
When we asked if we could also take our leftover bread, our server gave us a whole new loaf.
Although the food is not quite up to the standards of Donovans, Capital Grille or Durant's, the Keg Steakhouse is less expensive and well worth the money.
If the ratings allowed, I would give this place 4 and 1/2 stars.
We will be going back.

I've eaten here before and had the steak which is really good.
This visit, I had the prime rib since I was trying for something different and the server said it was what they were known for.
The prime rib was really good and so was the grilled veggies and baked potato it came with.
The food here is pretty good and consistent but I gave it 3 stars because, well, it's a steakhouse and there isn't anything here you can't get at other similar steakhouses.
Would I dine here again?
Yes, but I like to try new things so it wouldn't necessarily be a first choice.

I've been going to this restaurant for a number of years.
I must say they have the best Prime Rib Burger I've tasted since I moved to Arizona.
The service is always good.
No matter what I order it's delightful.
I recommend this for anybody looking for a great place to eat!

Excellent happy hour till 7 pm.
$4 beers and prime rib sliders are the bomb!

This was my first time at this restaurant.
Everything was great; the food, service, and the atmosphere.
I ordered the Fillet Mignon and it was perfect.
The mashed potatoes were the best I've had yet.
Our waitress was very attentive and sweet.
It was nice to see the manager on duty walking around and talking with the customers.
I will definetley be back again.

Perfect place for a quality steak and pleasant atmosphere while on vacation.
The staff, from the hostess to the servers, was amazing.
Our waitress was helpful and cheerful and took exceptional care of us without being intrusive.
We all had the New York steak which was delicious.
I recommend the Keg Classic dinners which essentially gives you a free salad.
We felt welcome and pampered and left totally satisfied.

Great food, great cocktails and awesome service.
Our server Tim Mullen made our night.
Can't wait to come back.

Nice ambiance, hoping the food matches

As you know from reading my other reviews.
Im a picky mofo.
And not much of a meat eater.
But I do like prime rib.
So when I saw this was the specialty I rushed right over.
It was great.
Cooked perfect.
Loved the twice baked pot.
Server was sweet and recommended a nice wine.
Bread very fresh.
Manager even checked on us.
I always appreciate that.
A really great experience.

Food was quite good and the atmosphere was enjoyable.
Steakhouse pricing, clearly.
I would go back here for a company dinner, but probably wouldn't visit often with my family.

Good was good.
Had a party of 20 for a birthday.
Service was good.
But they ran out of Prime rib......  Kind of a let down right there.
That was the main thing I wanted to try.
Other than that the steak was good.
Cooked it exactly how I wanted it to be.

Really a 4.5 My husband is Canadian and anytime we are anywhere near a Keg, you can count on the car veering off the road to get there!
I usually have the Ribs, which are surprisingly good (I don't know why I am always surprised, I just am), and he always has the Baseball Sirloin which he loves.
He will share one bite, and I have to agree....deeee-licious.
It is usually a diet splurge when we go, so he makes it worth the cheat and has his favorite - Billy Miner Pie for dessert.
The service at this location was excellent.
We could not have asked for a better waitstaff, they were very attentive and responsive.
Luckily, there is no Keg near our home!
(But don't ask my husband about that!

I was surprisingly disappointed last night as my husband and I ate at The Keg for our 36th wedding anniversary.
We have eaten at The Keg before and loved it, which is why we chose to return.
We were seated at a  wonderful corner table with round seating just for the two of us.
The waitress and all other staff were efficient, courteous and friendly, yet professional.
Our issue was with the food, and specifically with our entrees.
First off, The Keg had a weird menu that night, and I think it's temporary, where the only choices were crab and steak.
I chose the Dungeness Crab ($31) and my husband had New York Steak embellished with crab and other seafood ($33).
My crab was a lot of work to crack open and all, which for some reason I just didn't remember I'd be doing that when I ordered it.
So I was up to the task, but the crab meat inside was just very mediocre and a bit discolored....measly, not plump and luscious.
The garlic potatoes accompanying my crab were dry, and I had to keep taking drinks of water between each bite.
My husband's steak was the worst.
It was tough to chew (even though it was medium rare) and seemed to be fettered with some kind of gristly meshing.
We purchase our beef from a frozen foods delivery truck to eat at home.
Our beef is at least 50 times better than what we ate at The Keg.
The Keg was aware it was our anniversary, as was our waitress, yet nothing special was done as it normally is when we go out to celebrate something special.
Usually restaurants (like Flemings, Va Bene, and Lon's) will bring a special little dessert or chocolates for us to share to commemorate the occasion.
I don't think we'll be returning to The Keg for quite awhile now.
There are so many other wonderful restaurants out there.

So one of our vendors takes us out to happy hour here every so many months.
On their dime so very few of my coworkers are no-shows when this takes place.
We pretty much always get just appetizers and drinks.
Best appetizers IMHO here are the Shrimp Cocktail, Baked Garlic Shrimp, Scallops & Bacon, Prime Rib Sliders, Crab Cakes, and Loaded Nachos.
I've also had the filet mignon here a few times when we actually did dinner instead.
Cocktails, appetizers, get lit and all on some 3 letter Fortune 200 company's expense account so what's not to like?
Makes me slightly biased as I might be a lot more critical if I was shelling out the Benjamins.
Service is always good though.
Can't complain there.
Bathroom's classy.
Plenty parking since it's in one of those malls on Chandler Blvd on the outer northern rim of Chandler Fashion Center.

I want to rate this place higher, but service did not match the great food.
Hostess were all stuffy and off putting.
When we were taken to be seated, they took us to the wrong table, so she left us standing in the middle of the dining room while she figured it out.
Then we got taken to a 5 person round table.....it was 2 of us.
Finally I asked to be seated at a smaller table and again, we were left standing awkwardly in the middle of the dining room.
Our waiter, Tim, was very friendly, but the service was lacking.
Everything was at a snail pace.
Once I finally got a refill, my empty glass sat until I left.
Now, this did not seem to be his fault.
He had a HUGE party he was waiting on as well.
He needed back up.
He was very knowledgeable and friendly.
The food was fantastic, but the service drowned it out.
Not sure if I would return to this location.

Awesome.
This is my second trip here and if you have never been, you are seriously missing out.

There are few times in life when a meal is so expertly crafted it is nothing short of genius, I just had one of those meals.
The blue cheese filet was perfection!
The atmosphere is wonderful at the Keg!
Celebrating my anniversary I chose to come here because they never disappoint.
Service is impeccable, and it too never disappoints.
I would highly recommend the Keg for a great meal, and a great night out!

first time here.
Came with the wifey and the  kiddos for my anniversary .
got the filet mignon with tiger shrimp one word : supreme!!!!!
we love  it love love it we'll be back (without the kids next time lol ).
service was prompt and fast  server Adrian was very attentive and always checking on us  .

Went on a Friday evening and it was pretty busy but we got right in.
The beer was cold and the min bottle of champagne hit the spot.
We got the crab stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer and they were delicious.
We ordered the salmon and steak and crab.
Everything was VERY good.
We'll be back soon.
It was expensive but not like other steak houses.

The Keg to me is the middle ground when it comes to steaks.
They are less expensive than Durant's/Fleming's but more expensive than Outback/Texas Roadhouse.
Likewise their steaks are less tasty than Durant's/Fleming's but more expensive than Outback/Texas Roadhouse.
With that said, each of the aforementioned places has their positives and negatives.
Durants is really pricey but they very well may have the best steak in town to go along with their interesting atmosphere.
You can cowboy it up at Texas Roadhouse where throwing peanut shells on the floor is allowed/encouraged.
Fleming's is that classy place where you have a whole slew of wines to chose from to have with your supper.
So to take it all in and get the happy medium I think that is The Keg.
The steaks are really good there.
I would put them on par with Fleming's but obviously not as expensive.
Neither myself or the girlfriend has had a complaint about the steak there.
The price isn't too hateful there either.
And the atmosphere can be as good or better than Fleming's depending where you are.
The only thing Fleming's is going to have over the Keg in service is that at the Keg you will have one server that handles everything.
Versus Fleming's where you very well may have three servers - one for drinks, one for orders, and one for food (you may not, but I've had special people come and only pour wine, etc).
Fleming's isn't quite at the Delmonico's level (Vegas) as far as service.
Really, for the money I think the Keg is the best.
Food is great as is service.
If you sign up with them then you get deals on occasion (like your birthday, free meal).

Filets were very good as usual and service was awesome.
It's one of the best steak places in Chandler.

