Not Bad.
The food was good.
I had a beef taco and carne asada taco with beans and rice.
They were really good.
The carne asada meat was perfect for me - definitely spicy but too good to put down.
The restaurant was run down.
If you wanted your waitress you basically yelled for her.

I've been here a few times now and I must say that I get the best and quickest service in town during a busy lunch hour.
They have lunch sized portions at a good price.
The wait is less than 10 minutes during lunch.
We had a taco salad and a enchilada style burrito.
Cost was less than $15.00 for the meal with water as drink of choice.
Thursdays after 2pm until 4ish they have a 1/2 price special on some of their menu items.
My only negative is that the place could feel a little cleaner.

the food here is excellent, the best mexican food in coolidge by far.
i have been to Casa Palomino numerous times and it  was great every time.
the service was also very good.

I was referred here by a friend, and I was NOT disappointed.
We ordered five different entrees, and each was FANTASTIC.
The prices were average, and the service was acceptable (which is why I only give Casa Palomino four stars).
I will be eating here again.

What a nice hidden treasure in Coolidge.
From the street, you might pass it if you were not looking for it.
But, in the end you will be glad you stopped.
Service was good but could be better - but the food - ah yes, the food.
Excellent.
Fresh.
Delicious.
And, they brew their own fresh iced tea - I prefer it a bit stronger, but it was refreshing, cold, and delicious.
Salsa is fresh and is mild.
Mmmmm - I will be back!
Portions are huge!

This place was fantastic!
The portions are huge and delicious.
They can add Green Chilies to anything and do so happily.
Great service and worth a visit if you are driving through.

Food was really good!
Service was awful!
It's a seat yourself kind of place.
The guy that came in behind us got his meal before we got our chips & salsa...
He had a different waitress.

Visiting Florence for Country Thunder and found this little old Mexican restaurant.
Our waitress was very friendly and the food is delicious!!
Big portions too.
Carne Asada burrito and shredded beef taco were great!
Salsa is really good too!
If you're craving good Mexican food and want to sit to eat visit this place!

Visiting Florence for Country Thunder and found this little old Mexican restaurant.
Our waitress was very friendly and the food is delicious!!
Big portions too.
Carne Asada burrito and shredded beef taco were great!
Salsa is really good too!
If you're craving good Mexican food and want to sit to eat visit this place!

Nice little restaurant , good food and a very friendly staff.
I'll make sure and stop again if I'm in the area .

