i'll confess, i haven't had dental insurance in a long time, so my first visit back after my hiatus was to Ocotillo Dental Care.
the atmosphere is very nice.
romantic lighting in the waiting room gives a relaxed vibe.
the desk staff is friendly and knew who i was before i had to introduce myself.
the hygenist was gentle, thorough, and kept me informed of everything she was doing and everything she was seeing.
the dentist was great.
his policy is to not touch things that hurt, i.e., cavities that he is going to have to drill into.
in my experience, this is very unlike other dentists who will take that sharp pokey thing and jab it into a sensitive part and then ask if that hurts.
he explained everything to me in a way i understood, and made me very comfortable and not so terrified like i usually am at the dentist.
i'm almost looking forward to my next appointment to get fillings...almost.

We have been going to Dr Garelick since he first opened down here in the late 90s.
His was the first dental practice in the Ocotillo area.
He has always been professional, helpful and caring.
His staff is awesome!
The office is very pleasant as a place to be when you're at the dentist.
My son started coming here as well and loves the hygienists  and the movies.
This is a great practice.
Do yourself a favor and take your family here, you won't be disappointed.

Friendly, personable and professional staff.
Although I dread going to the dentist, Dr. Garelick and his staff always make it a rather pleasant experience.
The office is beautifully decorated and they have a large selection of movies that you can watch during your procedure.
As far as I am concerned, Dr. G can never retire, because I never want to go to a different dentist.

I have been going to Ocotillo Dental Care for over 10 years.
I'm high maintenance and I have never been disappointed.
The cosmetic work is impeccable and can't imagine seeing another dentist for all of our dental needs.
The staff is fabulous and Dr. Garelick is patient and a perfectionist.
I don't know what I will do when he retires.
He's the best.

From the front desk to the Doctor himself, it is evident that everyone here takes pride in their jobs and enjoys being here and it translates into a better dental experience.
There are nice extras, like watching movies while they work on you, the text reminding of your appointments, etc.
But really, it comes down to the fact that Doctor Garelick is very good at what he does.

I had a very difficult filling on the back of a front tooth.
I agreed that I needed a crown but couldn't afford to do it at the time.
Dr Garelick did everything he could to make a filling that would adhere and it WORKED!
He had several emergency patients while I was there but I was kept informed of my wait and everyone was cheerful and efficient.
Dr Garelick's office came recommended by two good friends and now I recommend him too.

I've been apprehensive to go to a dentist since my last one in another state was a money pit with shoddy work, but this team put my fears at ease.
The front desk staff was beyond helpful when it came to billing and insurance.
My hygienist Anna was a breath of fresh air in my history of dental exams.
She was extremely fast, very knowledgable, and has great people skills.
Dr. Garelick was so patient and great at explaining what his recommendations were and more importantly the why behind them.
I would recommend this practice to everyone!

