i have been there for trees, lawn seed, flowers, and all my garden stuff.
everything is nice.
my garden this year was a real success and i got everything from them.
my lawn is doing great and the seed i got from them was perfect, no weeds came up.
the staff is pretty helpful too.
they don't hassle you but they know their stuff if you have a question.
they get pretty busy sometimes.

I've been going to this shop for about five years now, off and on.
I went in there for the first time years ago to talk about over seeding my yard which is 16,000 ft.
They have these packages that they sell to you which have the seed, fertilizer, and mulch for different yard sizes.
I always buy the big package and do about 75% of my yard leaving the other 25% undone with the Bermuda grass.
This year when I went in to get my package the guy at the desk was quite the jerk to me.
I chalked it up to them being rather busy at the time and said to myself I would just let it go.
My wife came up to me a few days ago and said that she wanted me to over seed the rest of the yard which we usually don't do.
So I went there to get a small package for this 3000 square-foot area.
They usually have a sign up that lists the different packages and I couldn't see it anymore.
I was looking around and it was quite odd but no one came to help me regardless.
So then I approached the desk and asked the guy where the sign was for the different packages for over seeding, and he said to me, "I took that down last week.
It's November" And didn't expand upon it at all.
I then said, "Well, what can you do for me because I want to over seed my grass?
" And he said, "Nothing.
" And then walked away from me.
I was quite shocked by that and stood there for moment.
When I walked in I saw mulch.
Inside I saw fertilizer and seed.
So first, I don't understand why he was being a jerk, and second, everything was still available.
So I decided just to leave.
I shop here because it's local...not because their prices are low.
I'll just go to Lowe's from now on as they are cheaper...and nicer.

Don't waste your time!!
Cost might be low but they do not stand behind their products!
Spoke with the owner about a verbally abusive employee that lied about their products.
He would not do anything to fix the problem but sell me something else.
The owner asked me if I was handicapped because I can't plan a tree... Who asks a customer that??
This is the most unethical company I have ever worked with!
I have never been more disappointed by the way I have been treated as a customer.
Watch out for this company!!
Make sure you get everything in writing and don't believe what anyone tells you there.
Even if you talk to the owner, he will stand behind his employees, that can do no wrong, and not remedy the lies that have been told.
What a horrible experience and shame that this company calls themselves a "family business".
More like a big corporate machine that doesn't care about their customers!

I was referred to A&P by a relative, and I know nothing about maintaining the outside of my home.
These gave me "cheat sheets," and a really great deal!
I bought a package deal to over-seed, which I priced out at Lowes and Home Depot.
The big retailers wanted $150-200 for what A&P sold me for $77!
They were prompt with answering questions and service.
And told me to call if I had any more questions, and thankfully I haven't needed to!

Service sucks.
Get there 8 minutes to close which is 5:30 on a weekday and got told you have 3 minutes to find your tree and they didn't even help us find our tree.
What's funny is about 4 separate people showed up at the same exact time and they basically tried to turn everyone away.
The two white guys obviously don't care about the business cause they were just rude to us.
Jose however was awesome and very helpful so if your gonna go, ask for him.
Didn't find our tree and probably won't go back due to the bad service.
I might go back to offer Jose a job though.

