Tucked away in a nondescript shopping mall (wait, did I just describe most of the Valley?
), Best Shoe Repair is a no frills place that does a great job.
I had two pairs of heels that were worn down and needed new pads (not sure if that is the right term).
One day turnaround for fairly cheap - $22 for both pairs.
They also recommended a shoe polish for my favorite pair of flats.

I was referred here by another shoe shop (see previous review).
I dropped off my wedding shoes to get dyed.
$30 and a week later, I couldn't be more happy with how they turned out!

SO happy I found this place!
Thanks fellow Yelpers!
I had a strap break on one of my fave pair of shoes, and I desperately tried finding a similar replacement pair for weeks before giving in to the fact that I wouldn't be able to replace them.
I had to try to get them fixed instead.
Thanks to Best Shoe Repair they fixed them BETTER THAN NEW, and I am one happy girl.
It only cost me $15 and they had it ready for me in about 3 days.
I LOVE this place & will be bringing them any of my shoes, bags, belts, etc that need repair!

Best shoe repair around.
They even fixed my suitcase last week.

I went to my dry cleaners before for alterations, but the ladies would frequently turn down the work if it seemed too complicated or something.
I finally got fed up and soon found this place.
There is NOTHING they won't try.
Besides repair to my shoes, belts, and torn clothes, they have also hemmed my pants and even added fabric I brought in to extend the length on a dress.
It was not a simple sewing job either.
I even brought in these slip-on heels that would slap my heels and slide off.
The owners and I brainstormed how to add a strap/ buckle.
When I picked them up a few days later, they looked better than when I bought them!
I've noticed that their pricing is not always consistent.
Some days the owners seem to estimate the latest project I'll bring in and ask a price that is hard to accept.
I figure it's better to support small business and reward exceptional workmanship than look for cheaper service elsewhere.

Excellent shoe repair shop.
My girlfriend needed to have a pair of new shoes repaired and they did a wonderful job.
They were timely, friendly, charged a very fair price and did exactly what we asked.
If you are in need of a shoe repair than you found the right place.

