After a previous vet office fiasco where my own vet's emergency center would not even see one of my pets because he wasn't a cat or a dog and gave me the run around, I was searching for a new vet, one who would be there for my pets if they ever needed any emergency services.
A friend recommended Dr. Driggers since he will see clients for emergencies (up to 10 PM).
I went here with my little bunny girl and was not disappointed.
The staff here is friendly and courteous, and Dr. Driggers greeted me warmly.
Rebecca the vet tech here is very experienced and although my bunny is typically very high strung, she was pretty relaxed around her, even when her nails were clipped.
Dr. Driggers himself is excellent with great patient-side manner, and I am very glad I have someone I can rely on if my pets need any medical help.

Dr. Driggers saved my bunny girl's life.
We woke up on a Sunday morning to find her huddled in a corner, looking sick with a slight head tilt and refusing to eat or drink.
I called the emergency number, and despite it being an off-hours day, without hesitation he agreed to see her for an exam.
It turns out she had the early signs of a very serious infection, one that we eventually battled with for more than a month, but she is now on the road to recovery.
Luckily we caught the infection early enough that there wasn't any serious damage.
I shudder to think what would have happened if we had waited any longer, because during the infected period her head tilt got so bad that it was rotated 90 degrees, with darting eye movement (nystagmus).
She would often fall down due to lack of balance and struggle to upright herself, thrashing and flailing around.
She developed an ulcerated abscessed eye which additionally needed treatment, and there were days she refused all food, and we needed to force feed her.
It was a very rough and emotionally draining treatment period, but thanks to the early intervention she is eating again and the head tilt is nearly gone.
During the treatment period Dr. Driggers would often follow up on her progress to make sure she was doing OK, and was always available to answer any questions or concerns I had.
Thanks to Dr. Driggers and his excellent staff, my little bunny girl is back to her old mischievous self.

Dr. Driggers is amazing.
I have two Uromastyx who he has examined and I wouldn't trust their care to anyone else.
No complaints.

I wouldn't waste your time taking your precious animals to this vet.
After leaving a message two days ago and still waiting for a return phone call, I took the time to call them back today to enquire about why no one had returned my call.
The most unhelpful lady answered the phone and when I asked if they checked messages, she rudely said, "yes I check messages every day".
I said I left a message on Tuesday and was still waiting for a return phone call back.
She rudely stated "well what do you want".
No mention of being sorry or busy or why they didn't return my phone call.
I quickly decided that if they are too busy to answer or be nice on the phone, then they most likely would not care about my animal when it was in their care either.
You have lost a customer and I will spread the word to my animal loving friends and the rescue centers I work with to avoid this vet!

You couldn't ask for a better vet than Dr. Todd, he's freaking awesome.
I noticed Greg the desert tortoise had a soft shell when I picked him up to clean out his habitat.
I freaked.
It was a Saturday evening and I called around to find somewhere to take him.
The 24 hour vet hospital doesn't take exotic animals.
I googled his symptoms and his condition sounded grave.
I turned to Yelp and found Avian and called first thing Monday morning for an appointment.
I was able to be seen the same day.
The office visit was only $55.
The receptionist and vet tech were super friendly.
Dr. Todd is a wealth of knowledge regarding desert tortoises and I'm sure all other reptiles.
He threw so many facts and information at me, my head was spinning but I was happy to listen.
He knew the answer to every single one of my questions and he even mentioned that the Arizona Game and Fish Dept.
consults him for building desert tortoise habitats.
Greg is on the road to recovery and will be completely well in 4-6 weeks.
He needed more sunlight and grass in his diet.
Thanks Avian!

If you want to bring your mutt, your pesky feline (I mean that in the most endearing way - I've always had 1 or more cats in my house!
), or even your show-worthy cat/dog you are probably going to be turned away from this place.
This is an exotic pet clinic meaning bring in all your reptiles, pigs, parrots, and rabbits.
Oddly enough can you guess what I brought in?
A cat.
Not any cat but an F2 Savannah cat so she is 25% wild.
She is probably at the far end of what they will accept at the clinic.
The first time I brought in my cat everyone that worked there said they had never seen a cat come into their clinic.
With that said before you bring in your dog or cat call them and see if they will accept it - we did and still amost didn't get in.
I adopted/resuced my Savannah from someone that could no longer take care of her.
She is far from a lap cat and would probably rather be sitting hidden in a secret perch near the apex of my house spying on anyone that walks by than sitting on the floor.
With that said she has been through two families and we had no idea what she had seen or been through.
We did notice that she had some discharge coming from her mouth as to what the previous owner said was allergies.
We wanted to verify this claim so we brought her in to see Dr. Todd.
Well, besides her being 25% wild she acted like she had never been to a vet.
She pretty much freaked out and wreaked havoc in the examination room.
The only option she left us with was to knock her out... via a blow-dart.
Holy crap!
Once she was out Dr. Todd got to work on her and found that she had a bad infection in her lower jaw that had rotted all her teeth out.
They literally fell out when he touched them.
Now she is on some antibiotics for 3 weeks to kill off her lower jaw infection.
Long story short I don't think that another vet could have done what they did there.
I mean, how many vet offices do you know that have blow-darts much less have used them?
Probably none.
Luckily he has experience with wild cats - he used to be the doctor for that crazy guy on the Tiger Next Door documentary (check it out).
Hitting a cat with a blow-dart was probably tame to what he has seen, honestly.
I've been back there twice now (initial and followup) and the second time he didn't charge me for the visit since he didn't feel there was any real benefit of taking her out of the carrier.
She is eating and behaving as normal as she can so there wasn't a reason.
I felt this was a good call and it was greatly appreciated that the visit didn't show up on my bill (just picked up the new lot of medicine).
On a separate note, I also like everyone there.
Working with different animals seems like an awesome and rewarding experience... at least much more than sitting in a cubicle and having your superiors demand paperwork just to have them take your name off and put their name on your work.

