Chicago-style pizza, pastas, and other Italian comfort foods.
Really good beef sandwich and Monster Pizza.
A step above most chain pizza places.
Another thing to note about Rosati's is the service (at least at this location).
Twice when I had a (small) problem with my order, they were very eager to rectify the situation.

Just moved here from Chicago so I'm very familiar with the Rosati's chain.
However, this chain failed!
There is nobody at the front desk.
Waited over 5 min.
Until the teenager finally decided to come up front to work.
I almost called to get some attention.
I ordered the Chicago deep dish and was told 35 min.
Came back and waited another 20 min.
The pizza was a mess.
Under cooked and way too much sauce.
It was spilling over the edge and the cheese was not melted thoroughly.
I guess they can't make pizza in Arizona even if it is a chain!
Get the teenagers outta there or hire some responsible ones!!

Being the closest pizza place close to my house i've eaten here a handfull of times almost always with regret.
Pizza is ok and the pasta dishes are horrible.
Service is questionable?
There is never anyone up front takes at least 5 minutes for someone to help even after ringing there little bell.
One bright note is the italian beef sandwich it is amazing but not worth the trouble getting considering everything else there is sub par.
Just don't expect to much!

The closing time on the door and on the internet said 10:00.
So I placed my order online, of course you have to pay with a credit card, and it said I could pick up my pizza at 10:01.
I went to the store, just down the road from me and when I got there at 9:59 pm, there was no one there.
So I had no pizza AND I was charged for a pizza.
When I called the next day, they said they close at 9:00.
When I asked them why there hours didn't reflect this both on their door and online, they stated that they hadn't changed it on the door but they couldn't explain why the computer let me place my order.
I like Chicago style pizza which is why I went there but, the service and their attitudes are HORRIBLE.
They have no idea what customer service is.

I just hung up with Rosati's pizza after calling to let them know of our poor experience.
My boyfriend went there with our two kids to pick up the pizza.
He waited 10 minutes watching our pizza sit there while they served about 10 other customers picking up their pizza.
By the time we got it it was cold.
The kids were hungry so he brought it home and we ate it.
Cold pizza is better than no pizza and hungry kids.
I called Rosati's; while on hold I listened to their "Satisfaction guaranteed" message.
Finally talked to a woman who claimed she was a manager.
I asked for a refund because my pizza was cold.
She insisted my pizza was not cold, and refused to give me a refund because we already ate some of the pizza.
So I'm supposed to turn around with my hungry kids and bring the pizza back and wait 45 minutes for another one?
Please.
Clearly they are disorganized about their service because they couldn't even find our pizza for 10 min while it was sitting right there getting cold.
She was extremely rude and obviously uninterested in providing good customer service.
1 star because the cold pizza was edible.

The service here was extremely sub par.
We had a Groupon and ordered food for pick up.
I was put on hold for 5 minutes before they took our order.
We were told the food would be ready in 30-35 minutes.
We went to pick it up right on time, but when we arrived it would be just "5 more minutes" we waited another 40 minutes before someone else came back out to ask us what we were waiting on.
Finally, after an hour and 15 minutes of ordering our food, they gave it to us without an apology or anything.
We got home and the order was totally wrong.
They had given us someone else's food.
We called and they said we could come back in 30-35 minutes if we wanted to fix the order.
Too little too late.
It was 8pm and my pregnant wife was starving.
Avoid this place if you can....even with a great Groupon, it isn't worth it.

Went there with a Groupon and got two roast beef and melted cheese sandwiches, some fries and garlic bread.
Let me start with the sandwiches.
HUGE, and I do mean HUGE ( I love that size).
They serve it with this very very greasy au jus, which, frankly, went right in the trash.
French fries are ok, typical frozen crinkle cut, certainly not homemade, but for what they are, they're fine.
Garlic bread was very very good, lots of melted cheese, nice red dipping sauce, fresh bread.
You ask, why the 3 stars and not 4?
Because the sandwich didn't have much of a taste.
It definitely got better when I added mayonnaise.
Front counter help was ok.  Would I go back here, if I was in the neighborhood.
Would I make a special trip?
No.

We love Chicago pizza, and this was one of the best in Gilbert; we were ordering at least once a week.
However, about a year ago things started slipping there, and we hadn't ordered in a while.
Well, we just placed an order tonight, and after 2 hours our limp lifeless pizza was finally delivered.
That was the final nail in the coffin for Rosati's.
We have found a new Chicago pizza place, Salerno's (Guadelupe/Recker) that has some of the best pizza and beefs in town.
No delivery unfortunately.

I'm waiting in the lobby for our pizza as we speak.
Its like a fucking ice berg in here.
In the lobby.
Freezing.
And the front counter people are rude as hell too.
When I got the pizza home, it was ok.
I would never go back here though.
I can't tell you how cold it was in there, literally shaking.
Nice and warm in the back, I'm sure.
Customers come second.

I have ordered from Rosati's MANY times in Wisconsin, and having just moved to the area, was SUPER excited to see that there was one near me!
I read the previous reviews, even the negative ones, and thought "surely those negative comments cannot be true!
"  Sadly....I was wrong.
Here is why:  Order: Super stuffed pizza with extra cheese, garlic, green peppers, onions; chicken salad (I know....but it was for my girlfriend!!
); Breaded mushrooms.
Deliver time was over an hour and 20 mins....but if you KNOW Rosati's, you know you pay a little more, wait a little longer....but the food is SO worth it!!!
FOOD: Under cooked.
I have ordered the super stuffed pizza many times....with more toppings...and it has usually been delivered hot, crusty, gooey....PERFECT.
But there is a difference between a crunchy crust with a chewy center and simply being undercooked.
THIS was undercooked....the crust was still dough and the center was cool, with the cheese not completely melted.
The breaded mushrooms were the same....the breading was very thick and not completely cooked (the batter was still batter inside and the mushrooms were cool).
I did not finish either the mushrooms OR the pizza...and trust me, I ALWAYS finish my food!
I ate two pieces and my girlfriend had to try to heat it in the oven........kinda defeats the purpose.
The chicken salad....?
Seriously...who cares.
Unless you have a fitness buff girlfriend, you won't order a chicken salad from ROSATI'S....and if she is a fitness buff she obviously won't care what it tastes like.
What got my goat the most was when I called back.
The lady on duty told me that sometimes in the delivery process, things can get soggy.
Then she offered me a "partial credit".
Serious ROFL's on that.... Ma'am, I am a serious food orderer.
I have ordered all kinds of foods from all kinds of places....I KNOW when it is soggy and when it is undercooked.
BOTTOM LINE: I had come to trust Rostati's (as a franchise) and am perfectly aware that sometimes, things can happen (even though it has never happened at any of the Rosati's I ordered from in WI or the one up in Peoria....I cannot speak for other Rosati's over here).
I will, of course, use my partial credit and try them again, and naturally, will update this post (for good or bad) when I do!
I just hope none of the cooks reads this first and does something naughty to my food!!!
Just sayin.

I so want to like this place.
I love their pizza that is naturally thin crust.
We used to order it in north Phoenix and decided to do so a couple times since moving.
I have noticed that there seems to be 2 franchises and you will only find half of the locations on one site and the other half  on a similar site.
For the myrosatis.com I have yet to have a great experience.
We received the wrong order this time and I took us 2 hours to get what we ordered.
My fiancé keeps telling me to give up on this place.
Let's just say we ate in silence tonight.
Just noticed that the other rosatis of almost equal distance and different website has much better reviews.
If my fiancé ever let's us get pizza again from here we will be going to the other one.
I still love the pizza and garlic bread.
When it is hot.

Ordered last night.
We live one mile away, took an hour and ten minutes to get the food delivered.
The chicken tenders we ordered tasted like burnt rubber and were extremely dry.
The chicken parmigiana sandwich, the chicken was disgustingly rubbery...
The fries were also the crinkle cut fries and tasted like they were microwaved.
Will NEVER order from here again.
I used to speak so highly of Rosatis and their is just Zero consistency these days.
Step up your game...

Be prepared to wait about an hour and a half for delivery.
We ordered online thru grubhub.com.
The food was good, fresh and hot.
Here's what we ordered and paid:   Fried Zucchini, 12 Classic Buffalo Wings, Chicken Parmigiana Pasta, and Chicken Parmigiana Sandwich = 28.99 + 2.26 tax + 3.00 delivery + 3.00 optional tip = 34.25

My husband and I both ordered pasta, and we both ended up with food poisoning, the sauce was super salty and, something was cross contaminated or under cooked for as sick as we both ended up.

