This is not your typical rack'em crack'em chiropractor.
They really care about not only your spinal health but your overall well being.
Stop by and for $57 you can get an exam, x-rays, and consult with a doctor!

We moved to the area a little over a year ago and were in search of a chiropractor that would help the needs of our whole family.
We met Dr. Patty at a wellness fair and knew after speaking to her for just a few minutes that she was incredibly knowledgable and great with children.
So, we scheduled our initial exam and have been clients ever since.
Dr. Andy and Dr. Patty genuinely care about the overall health of our family.
They have helped us with headaches, back aches, fevers, stomach issues and more!
We would highly recommend them to anyone!

I was not sold on chiropractic care being an RN.
Andy and Patty sensed that but gave me all of the education I asked for.
I was treated for acute back pain and could not deny I was feeling better.
So I continue to go over a year later.
It is a family atmosphere with adjustments occurring in the open where people share stories.
It is not something I dread but something I really look forward to.
I have not regretted it and continue to learn from them!

We have known Dr. Andy and Dr. Patty for years so when my 11 year old daughter began complaining of constant neck and back pain and having frequent headaches we knew right away who we could trust with our little girl's care.
They were able to identify the problem and create a plan to get her well again.
Tatum's headaches are now few and far between and she no longer complains every day after school that her neck and back are hurting.
The Pivonka's are fun and positive people who truly care about making people healthy, I highly recommend this office!

Phenomenal care.
Exceptional service.
Outstanding knowledge.
You will be taken care of here ;)

Dr. Andy, Dr. Patty, Dr. Jeff, and the entire team has dramatically improved my spinal alignment on a permanent basis.
Yes, I said permanent!
It's not just them, its their combination of great talent, compassion, and a top notch methodology (chiropractic biophysics).
I used to get migraine headaches 1-2x per month...other talented chiropractors would be able to alleviate the symptoms after onset, but then it would come back again in a few weeks.
Since treating at Pivonka Chiropractic,  I have had 2 in a year, and the severity has been much less than before.
I used to have swallowing problems...this has also all but disappeared.
My shoulders could not relax.
Now they do.
I was so impressed, I sent my entire family.
FYI: This form of chiropractic is not for those looking for a quick-fix!
It requires serious commitment, but I promise that the gain in your quality of life will be well worth it!

