I'm dating myself...I MISS the days of my youth when you almost had to beat the clerks to leave you in peace to browse the racks.
Now, when I want help, it can never be found.
Esp.
in Kohl's which always looks like its in a state of unpacking this week's deliveries.
Clothes are okay.
Don't seem too durable in the long run.
But I love their earring selection.
To me this is the place to go for earrings.
And shoes.
I do have okay luck finding shoes.

The boyfriend and I adopted a family of 5 through the City of Phoenix Adopt-A-Family program, and I immediately thought of Kohl's for the more bang for our buck experience.
The store is always clean, well organized, and easy to navigate.
Plus, everyone knows they are always having a sale!
We were able to purchase clothing, shoes (Nike, Addidas, Reebok), and a couple games for the family of 5 for $411.
Then, after applying for a credit card that didn't have to be our payment of choice for our purchases that day, we saved 20%....bringing us toooooo.....$330!!
PLUS, on TOP of that, we received $60 in Kohl's Cash - holla!!!!!
Overall, a great discount for those that are looking to save some money.

The service at this location is pitiful.
Not one person smiled or even acknowledged my existence.
I needed to make a return and made it through the entire store with no interaction.
Once I made it to the customer service counter the woman was incredibly rude and said maybe two words to me the entire time.
The only reason for the 2nd star is for how easy it is to return items at Kohls.
Skip this location!

Nothing special about this Kohls, just like every other Kohls that I have ever been to.
Sure it is a little messy but I don't have high expectations.
Great for a last minute clothing need, quality is fine for what you pay for the items.
Usually can find a pretty good deal on something.
Nice selection of snazzy headbands in the Jr. department.

love the deals when they have 20% & 30% off codes!

Good dept store.
Great selections of products.
Weekly sales to make it interesting.

Make sure you signup for their email list, you'll get 20-30% off coupons each week, then it makes going here a great deal for name brand clothing.

I hate stores that attempt to "keep you coming back," and such is Kohl's.
Every day there's a sale - potentially better than the sale the day before - not to mention "Kohl's Cash,"  and coupons which can be found on their website or in the local paper.
Yeesh!
No piece of mind feeling you got a good deal - and quite honestly, I'm not sure a "deal" can be had, as price tags far exceed value...the reason for continual sales.
Okay enough bashing, you get the picture.
So what's good?
The offering of women's slippers at Christmas time.
Fun, funky and you guessed it.
On sale!

I agree with dam near every review for this place.
Employees look miserable, and by selling over priced items made by b list celebs like "marc anthony", they give the illusion of a great sale.
There dress shoes are priced around 90, worth about 40, and hit "sale" for 59.99.
Its very hit and miss when it comes to sizes, esp.
At this location.
It seems like theyre answer for everything is online delivery, instead of directing me to a store that has my size by doing a simple stock check.
Then again how much can one really expect from a department store as old as jc pennys.
There only saving grace is the coupon stacking that someone mentioned earlier.
Most places restrict a single coupon per purchase, but ive stacked and left paying 25 bucks for a pretty decent pait of work boots.
If you dont have coupons, id go somewhere else.

I have a love hate relationship with Kohl's.
Love: Good sales with extra discounts on top Kohl's cash with every $50 spent you get $10 back (Only limited times) Cute accessories at decent prices including, earrings, sunglasses, purses etc... Good prices on home goods including bedding and kitchen accessories  Hate: Unorganized shopping racks with clothes strewn about the racks The quality of clothing has gone down a lot in the last few years The service is hit or miss, mostly miss and you can never find an associate while browsing if you have a question They constantly push the Kohl's credit card at the register even after you say no  This location is pretty much like all of the other Kohl's I have been in.
These stores are very cookie cutter and mostly the same.
The management must have a corporate guide they go by because mostly every Kohl's store is plagued with these same problems.
I still enjoy shopping here from time to time but I have to be in a get ready to look through racks of junk until you find a gem kind of mood, if you know what I mean.

Nice enough store.
But there was no sales people to be found when I needed help looking for a specific item in house wares.
Prices were decent.

