If you want fast service for simple stuff like a new watch battery, this is the place to do it.
And you won't be charged nearly as much as mall stores.
Bear Claw can also repair jewelry and goes the extra mile to do special orders.
There is also a nice selection of jewelry and kachina dolls from local artists and are waaay less expensive than the downtown Scottsdale stores.

Hannah is the best.

Once a year I go to Bear Claw to replace the batteries on my watches.
Jo may not be talkative, but will muster a few words if that's what you need.
After she takes the battery cover off, she'll take the battery and check to see if it really is dead by using a battery tester, or if there's something wrong with the watch itself.
Once in awhile, she'll find that the battery still has some juice left and immediately reaches for a dirty toothbrush (cringe) to clean off whatever dust may be preventing full contact.
After replacing dead batteries with new ones, she replaces the covers with an old pill bottle altered to allow her to apply pressure to the covers with minimal to no visible scratches.
Be aware that the covers of Brighton watches always seem to take more coaxing to detach and re-attach.
If your watches are new, or you'd rather not chance the occurrence of scratches, take them elsewhere, but I've only noticed a scratch, or two after visiting Jo at Bear Claw over the last few years.
$6 for one battery, or $5 each when you bring three, or more!
p.s.
Bear Claw seems to sell gently (and not-so-gently) used clothing and other items.
I haven't stopped to actually study what she does sell, so I can't tell you what you may find.
Years ago, the scent of the place reminded me of the food and/or fish sections of pet stores, and at other times, of used cat litter, or perhaps of a musky dog in need of a bath, but that was before, and now the place just has that old musty-attic scent that lingers over gently- and not-so-gently used human and pet articles.
Anyway, I just go here to get my watches working again, and Jo always sees that they do!

If you're looking for a cheap battery replacement for that old beater watch you've been wearing for years, you've found the place.
While customer service is...ahem...restrained at this overgrown gift shop, you won't find a better deal on watch batteries.
That noted, do NOT take any timepiece more valuable than a Timex here for any sort of repair or battery replacement.
In the course of replacing batteries in two of my Kenneth Cole watches, one was returned missing a hand from a subdial, the other stopped changing the date.
After locating a reputable watch repair shop,  it cost me $95 in repairs to fix them.
Naturally, I would have preferred spending a few dollars more for the batteries to forego the repair tab.
Nonetheless, I did find an excellent repair shop called Gem Time nearby.
As a side note, I was advised by what appeared to be the owner of Bear Claw that the watch repairman only works on round-faced watches.
This would seem to be a fairly serious handicap for such a trade.
I had to chuckle.

I found Bear Claw through yelp as the closest watch repair near my office.
I am a concierge for a law firm, and one of the attorney's needed 2 watches sized.
It was done quickly while I waited, and she charged me less than 10 dollars for both.
When I got back to the office and the attorney tried on her watches, one was too small.
I brought it back to Bear Claw and she added a link back for free.
I then went to Bear Claw a couple weeks later when my boss needed a battery for her watch, and in less than 5 minutes she had it changed, and only charged me 5 dollars.

