I have no intentions of returning to this business ever again!
My father-in-law previously  came here for watch repairs, so he recommended this spot to us since we were in the area, and I was anxious to have my new watch sized.
I told the sales clerk to take a few links off my new watch.
She didn't bother to size the watch on me to determine the appropriate number of links to take off, and she ended up taking too many links off from one side, making the watch hang to far to one side on my wrist (if that makes sense).
I was only slightly annoyed at this point, so I asked her to correct it and she argued that she did it correctly, but to appease me she put one link back on so the watch would sit right on my wrist.
She then rang up my service purchase and told me the total was $14.95....for two minutes of work!
I assumed the cost would be $5 - $10 to take out some watch links, but not $15!?!?
I asked the lady why the cost was so high,  and she claimed that the charge was "industry standard.
" Not knowing any better, I paid the charge and left feeling completely dooped!
I was a little suspicious of her claim that $15 is "industry standard" to remove watch links, so I called around and got a few estimates from other local jewelers  and not one jeweler quoted me a price over $10.Can you believe that!...So not only did she lie to me, but I didn't get quality service.
If you go to this jeweler make sure your quoted a reasonable price before they perform the work or service.

I have been dealing with Connie for years and found her to be fair and reliable.

I have been going to Connie for about 10 years and she has always been corteous and her prices are very resonable.
I go to her for watch repairs, band replacement, batteries and I got my ring resized.
I would definitely recommend Connie to my family and friends.

My son needed a new battery for his watch.
The price was reasonable, which I'm not sure what it was, but it was fine.
It's in a nice area and I've never been to that location of Chandler before.
We walked in and they were able to put a new battery in within 10 minutes.
The first person that attempted to put the battery in couldn't, so Connie herself, did the battery exchange.
We were then on our way within 15 minutes.
Quick and easy.

