This place reminds me of that Weird Al movie UHF and the store Spatchula City, with the whole store full of spatchulas.
Anyway, you need something with lighting they got it.
Fans, lamps, shades, accessories, bulbs, etc.
if you have that odd bulb that you can't find a replacement for, go to them.

This place sold me two used table lamps.
when i opened them one was defective and the other had missing parts.. my guess is that they were return products that the store never bothered checking (or worst yet, thought they could turn around and sell back to customers).
I returned the lamps and will never step foot into this store again.

I was pleasantly surprised by Lamps Plus.
We are currently remodeling our new home and needed new lighting for the entire home.
I had been checking out their website which is very extensive and had everything for every room.
I think if i really wanted to shop out each item I could find cheaper, but this place was really convenient.
We had been at the Great Indoors ( lack luster ) and didn't see anything.
This place was 2nd on our list.
We managed to walk out with 4 outdoor fixtures, Office light, 2nd bedroom light and 2 bathroom fixtures and all were really cool and offered some sort of design element.
I did find the store a bit overwhelming at first, but then slowly figure out the layout.
We just walked around and wrote the model number down, this makes checking out much easier.
Their service was good and friendly in fact we got HOOKED up big time and really appreciate what the sales rep did for us.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for lighting needs.
They also carry ceiling fans, mirrors and some carpets/rugs.
The selection is the largest I have seen in the valley when it comes to lighting.

Went to the Indian Bend store as I needed about 20 can inserts to convert to pendants.
Tried to buy one to see how it worked when I got home.
Waited @ cashiers desk watching woman behind counter typing away.
When I finally asked if I could purchase my item, she looked aggitated and told me she would be quite a while before she could help.
I wonder if the manager would have thought her typing more important than selling!

This was only our first time to Lamps Plus and we found it to be a very extensive store.
The only drawback was our inability to find what we were looking for here either.
I've posted several photos of their displays and setup.
The prices seem fairly reasonable.
They even have a buyers club that offers points.
What originally drew us here was the signage for 50% off which I wrote a Yelp tip on.
Granted it's one of those "up to" 50% off come-ons that retailers like to advertise.
We spent nearly thirty minutes walking through and checking out various lighting.
BTW, there is also a Yelp discount if you check-in, where you can get "1 free, 2 pack of Light Bulbs".
So a Two Star "Meh" rating, just short of Three Stars.

We recently purchased a new home, and consequently, needed a lot of lamps.
We'd driven by this store many times without really paying much attention to it until now.
Upon going in, we realized that their prices are a bit higher.... if you're looking for just a lamp to get by, Home Depot or Target will probably do the job.
But for something that will last and is more of a quality, eye-catching addition to the room, Lamps Plus is the route to go.
Every time we've been in, the salespeople have been helpful and friendly.
One of the many (10+) lamps we bought was defective and couldn't be assembled.
I brought it back the next day (with the receipt) and had no problems exchanging it.
No problems to speak of on our end.

Average lamps store.
It is a good place for purchasing lamps.
Slightly expensive at times.

