I've never been to a better dental office!!
Seriously... everyone here is so friendly, helpful, and they clearly love their jobs.
The service is tops - - I can't think of any other dentist office I have ever been to where EVERY staff member was awesome.
Dr.'s Grace and Tom are always friendly and compassionate, in a genuine way.
The receptionists are always so cheery and friendly!
Typically Heather does my cleaning -  and she is such a sweetheart!
But I have had others from time to time, due to me needing to reschedule appts.
And everyone, I mean everyone.. is awesome.
Just all the nice little extra touches they do.
For example, they give you sunglasses to wear when you're under the lights so your eyes don't hurt.
Of course, you get the "goodie bag" when you're done w/ your appt - - toothbrush, tooth paste, floss, etc.
Now that I live in Phoenix, there's a reason why I still drive 30 miles out 2x year to Chandler Dental Health.
Service, service, service!

I started going here due to a friends recomendation 4 years ago and quickly brought my wife and kids.
They are simply the best dentist office I have ever had.
They are always great with the kids and very friendly.
There's a TV at the right height for you to watch while your getting a cleaning.
Every person that works there is genuinly friendly and fun to chat with.
I highly recommend them.

Love these guys, been going here for several years now and they really care about their patients.
They do a stellar job marketing their practice in unconventional ways.
Dr. Tom could have been a designer in a past life.
Fair, honest, caring and great service.
Robert Pfeifer

I have been going to Chandler Dental Health since moving to Arizona 6 years ago.
What a rare find!
They are by far, the best people I have had care for my dental health.
Everyone is friendly and eager to accommodate.
The office runs like a Swiss watch for which a person unnamed deserves most (but not all) of the credit.
I have rarely had to wait for my scheduled appointment and if so, only briefly.
Their Dental Hygienists are the greatest.
Now for Dr Tom and Dr Grace, I have been treated by both and I can't tell you who is best.
Both are a cut above any of the dentists I have known in the past, and I have known quite a few.
Don't expect any 'sales pitches', exorbitant fees, or unnecessary procedures.
You will only find the best quality care in a warm, relaxed, inviting environment.
Two thumbs way up,  I highly recommend them.

WHAT!?
First off, why have I not left a review for this place.
After all, it was Yelp that helped me find this supa-dupa-awesome office.
Secondly, if you are looking for a new dentist, I HIGHLY suggest this award winning (litterally) dental office!
My history: My experience with the dentist hasn't been bad.
I don't have many-to-any dental problems besides the fact that, like everyone else, I don't floss enough.
I come from Ohio, where the waiting list always seems long to get in.
Maybe, that was just one office.
In the middle of the Summer of 2011 I started having bleeding gums.
Not just when brushing, but just gushing out (I know, graphic).
I tried to tough it out, especially since I had an appointment with them about a week later.
I woke up with massive blood clots in my mouth and so I called them at like 2am asking them to see if they could fit me in that same day.
They called me back as soon as they got into the office and said they had a cancelation for later that day to which I agreed to.
I went in and it was quick and easy.
I remember my mother filing out tons of paperwork but this was easy.
Maybe times have changed a lot since then?
In any case, they got me in, and out, quickly when I arrived.
They did a smal little clean for the area (I had a popcorn hull that had seriously impaled my gums) and signed me back up for a deeper and more extensive clean a few weeks after that.
I did that, and even though they did a deep clean, they did a normal clean because I didn't need a deep clean.
Since then I've had one other routine cleaning and I love it here.
It is effortless.
Bonuses - they give you nice little shades to wear so that you're not blinded by the lights.
Secondly, if there is an issue, they will take pictures of it and show you on the TV screen in full glory.
You REALLY get the message then.
I've dealth with Amber, Mary, Kathy, Kaysie, and Dr. Tom.

Our family loves this place.
Friendly, well run and good with kids.

I have been seeing Dr. Tom since 2006.
I have NEVER been a fan of the dentist but Chandler Dental Health has eased the fear.
The girls at the front desk have always been polite in the office and on the phone answering whatever questions that I may have.
Dr. Tom has always been very kind to me even when I can get a little upset about getting the shots.
I recommend Chandler Dental Health every time someone asks me if I know of a good dentist.
December 23 2010, I was at work and chewing on some popcorn when I heard a crunch and felt that half of my tooth was missing.
I called Chandler Dental Health who were closed for the Holiday and left a message on the emergency line.
Dr Tom called me directly and told me that he was out doing some shopping but if I could meet him in the office in 20 minutes he would take a look at my broken tooth.
He met me at the office and fixed me up enough to last through the holiday so I could make an appointment when the office opened back up.
I was very surprised and delighted that they would open up their office for me even though they were on vacation.
They genuinely care about every one of their patients.

Wow!
A 5 Star dentist?
It can't be...  at least that's what I thought until I was lucky enough to stumble upon Chandler Dental Health.
I have been going to them for several years now and have been attended to by both Dr Tom and Dr Grace.
Take your pick, they are both great dentists.
And kudos to all their dental hygienists too.
I can't say enough good things about this place and that includes all the staff.
Everyone is friendly, courteous, professional and very accommodating.
Never a long wait for my appointment , never 'hustled' for work that was not necessary, never 'gouged' on my bill, never a problem period.
And thanks to Kathy for keeping the place running smoothly.
Two thumbs, way up!
-mb

I love this place!
Great Customer Service and good Dental Practice!

Another year has passed and Chandler Dental Health just keeps getting better and better.
They are by far the best place I have ever found to take care of my teeth and believe me, entering my senior years, I have been to a lot of other dentists!
What follows is a recap of my previous review.
"Wow!
A 5 Star dentist?
It can't be...  at least that's what I thought until I was lucky enough to stumble upon Chandler Dental Health.
I have been going to them for several years now and have been attended to by both Dr Tom and Dr Grace.
Take your pick, they are both great dentists.
And kudos to all their dental hygienists too.
I can't say enough good things about this place and that includes all the staff.
Everyone is friendly, courteous, professional and very accommodating.
Never a long wait for my appointment , never 'hustled' for work that was not necessary, never 'gouged' on my bill, never a problem period.
And thanks to Kathy for keeping the place running smoothly.
Two thumbs, way up!
" -mb

Always a great experience!!!!

Our family has been going to Chandler Dental Health for the past few years and they are wonderful and very nice to work with.
They only recommend services that you need to take care of your teeth and are not upselling you on useless services.
I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a great dentist.

I've been to many dentists and this by far the best.
THREE other dentists told me that I would have to live with a blemish on my bridge (front teeth, of course) unless I wanted to replace the bridge (requiring me to replace the bridge next too it as well, so they'd match) to the tune of $5000 (the bridge itself is intact and still working, so insurance would not cover replacement).
Dr. Tom fixed the blemish in 3-5 minutes and it was covered entirely by my dental insurance.
He also identified a faulty crown that I had mentioned to two prior dentists (not including the dentist who put it in) and is going to fix that next week.
As if that were not enough, the staff are all amazing too.

My first visit here and...WOW!!!!!
Kayce at the front desk "set the bar" for my entire visit with her friendliness & great smile!!!!
Lucky for me [and Dr.'s Tom & Grace] everyone else in the office was just as wonderful!
I appreciate how everyone smiles & introduces themselves and how EFFICIENT they all operate!
Chandler Dental Health is tech savvy with all of their forms being available online to taking digital x-rays and explaining them via the screen on the wall!!!
I can not say ENOUGH about the setting, the professionalism, THE FRIENDLINESS of Chandler Dental Health!!!

I'm still going to CDH and still love it.
I just want to update my review from a few years ago to say that nothing has changed!
They even found my first official cavity :( and took care of that for me without much of an issue.
This place is so professional that it almost makes me sick.
Ha!
They are great fun and the reviews show it - how many dentist offices do you know that have people that go out of their way to submit a Yelp review?
Much less all reviews being 5-star reviews!

I have been using this office since it opened and seeing Dr. Tom Giacobbi for over 10 years.
I have never found a better run place.
The staff is always super friendly, the hygienists are awesome, and the doctors really know their stuff.
I've never been treated better by medical professionals anywhere.
I wish I could find a general doctors office HALF this good.
A+ guys/gals keep it up!

I am a new customer to Chandler Dental Health.
I had a dentist for many years in the San Francisco Bay Area and I was nervous about seeing anyone new.
My nerves were put at ease immediately with a professional and clean atmosphere.
I didn't feel like they were trying to talk me into anything unnecessary.
They were also very complimentary of my dental hygiene which I appreciated.
I would recommend this dental office to anyone.
They are great!

The staff at Chandler Dental Health is friendly, professional and provides excellent customer service.
I became a patient in August 2013.
Kaysie is extremely helpful and knowledgeable.
Kaysie goes above and beyond to answer your questions and provide you the information you need.
Kelly, dental hygienist, was extremely gentle yet thorough when she provided a teeth cleaning.
Dr. Tom is knowledgeable and ensures you understand what dental procedures are needed if any.
He is patient when answering your questions, gentle during dental procedures and honest.
Mary, dental assistant, was also very kind and professional.
The office does not try to sell you products.
I highly recommend Dr. Tom and the staff at Chandler Dental Health.

We have always utilized Chandler Dental for our families dental health.
But today when my son chipped his front two teeth, Dr. Tom stayed late to make sure my son was well taken care of and kept that winning smile!
Chandler Dental had a happy client, but now has earned a client for life!
Thank you Chandler Dental Health!

I've been to many many dentists over the years.
Dr. Tom and Dr. Grace are the best!
Both are knowledgeable, excellent dentists.
Also, they are incredibly nice and have a friendly, attentive office staff.
Everything costs exactly what they say it will and most everything is covered by my dental insurance.
Dr. Tom shaved down a blemish on my bridge that 3 other dentists told me couldn't be fixed b/c they were trying to upsell me to buy new bridgework.
He made me so happy that day!

I recently switched to Chandler Dental Health and so far am very happy that I did.
The lady who helped me schedule my initial appointment was polite and accommodating, the receptionist who greeted me when I arrived was also very pleasant, and "Doctor Amanda" was great.
Also the office is new, clean, and full of state of the art equipment.
Highly recommended!

My entire family was seen at Chandler Dental Health last week and I thought they did an outstanding job!
Their staff is so friendly and welcoming and the dentist and hygienist were GREAT!!
So happy that I found them!

Very friendly staff and my teeth cleaning was thorough and professional.
I would recommend this dental office to a friend.

Very happy with Chandler Dental Health.
Dentists are fantastic.
Kelly the Hygienist is the best I have ever been to.
They are not at all "pushy" and do not try to sell you unnecessary treatments.
I will not be changing from here!

I haven't been to a dentist in a while, the entire staff experience for my first was great.
My experience with Dr. Tom was exceptional.
I would recommend this dentist without any hesitation.

This office is the best for all your dental needs.
I always look forward to my cleanings with Kelly.
It is like a afternoon at the spa.
I leave feeling relaxed and fresh.

This was my first time here.
I was greeted warmly by all the front office staff and offered a cold bottle of water.
The person checking me in was friendly and helpful.
I hardly had to wait even though I was early.
The office itself is very nice and comfortable with plenty of magazines to read and a children's waiting area.
The dental assistant that did my x-rays was very nice and friendly.
The dentist, Dr Amanda, was also very friendly and gentle.
She really listened to my concerns and gave me her full attention.
Overall it was a great experience for someone who generally is fearful of going to the dentist.
Highly recommend this office.

I love this office.
It is clean, and the staff is friendly.

The dentists and hygenists are all excellent no doubt - if you can get an appointment scheduled that is.
They only work like 3 days a week and last time I needed an appointment I had to wait 9 months.
I have a family of 5 and the scheduling is the one thing that has got us lookiing for another office.
They are not very accommodating and I hope I never have an emergencyl

