Can I possibly be the first to review this fine establishment?
Inconceivable!
I've ordered from this location a few times-only carry-out I believe.
As far as Domino's goes, this one seems to be reliable in a pinch.
Pizza has been consistently hot, not soggy, and not disgusting.
On-line ordering is convenient and there's always a special.
I should warn you the carry-out experience will not always go smoothly.
Last time I picked up, this was the conversation:  Me:  Hi, I'm here to pick up an order.
Domino's Associate (DA):  Have you ordered yet?
Me:  Uh, yes.
DA:  Have you paid?
Me:  Yes (while thinking "shouldn't you know.
") DA:  Okay, here's your pizza.
Thank you.
Me:  I ordered drinks.
DA:  Oh yeah, a Coke and a Coke Zero, Coke-Coke Zero, Coke-Coke Zero, Coke-Coke Zero.......repeats as he trails off to the cooler.
DA:  Here you go...hands me a Sprite and a Diet Coke.
I shall spare you the rest.
I was comforted to see a few older employees working there.
Somehow I have convinced myself there is less of a chance of the cheese on my pizza having been up someone's nose.

Dudes...the new pizza is awesome!
I ordered three pizzas, cheesy bread, and chicken kickers for my office team lunch.
I ordered it at 9:30 am for the 11:45 am meeting and the food arrived hot, fresh, and delicious.
The only reason I will not afford five stars is because they brought no napkins or plates...  Love the new sauce, love the new crust, the pan style is awesome!

I'm painting my living room and have no time to cook, I can't say this is reviewable its dominos...
The delivery guys are really friendly and courteous.

This dominos is hit or miss--usually hit.
The deals are usually good, delivery is usually quick and the people are usually very friendly.
A few times, I've had the driver get lost on the way to my condo (which is pretty easy to find) and been really bad at listening to my directions as I try to help them over the phone.
Other than a few issues with delivery people my experiences have been pretty good.
Prices are good!

This place is terrible with deliveries.
If this is the closest pizza place then I would suggest you don't go here or order carry out and pick it up yourself.
The last 2 times they have been between 60-75 minutes to deliver.
They also don't have the audacity to make it up.
Carry out - don't do delivery!!

Yucky yucky yuck pizza undercooked and bbq chkn looking like charcoal at least we got refunded right away big mess of food.
Yikes defy will not order again.

