Lisa the owner is very nice.
She always remembers customers names.
Very comfortable pedicure chairs, and the salon is very clean.

I discovered Lisa Nail Salon through Yelp and thank you!
I was in town for a business trip and wanted to get a pedicure.
Lisa did an awesome job taking care of my tired feet and badly-needed-overhaul nails.
She was friendly and made me feel comfortable.
Also, the salon didn't have the strong acetone smell.
Thanks Lisa!

Nice, clean, local nail salon.
Not super fancy, but the staff was very friendly and knew all of the other customers by name (I was a first timer).
Competitive pricing for a full listing of nail services.
Pedi with Gel Manucure was $40 (I think as part of a fall special).
I will definitely return.

Been coming to this neighborhood nail salon ever since they opened about 9 years ago.
Recently they had a change in ownership but the environment is even better than before and is fresh and clean.
Staff always greets me by my first name when I walk in.
Recently started getting their shellac manicure which I love!

My mom took my daughter here under the previous ownership.
I went twice and was kinda meh.
Then she took the daughter back recently and told me it was under new ownership.
Decided to check it out.
I've had the spa pedicure and a color change, both times very happy with the results.
Amazed my color change only has chipping on the big toes, and this is after hiking all over Sedona.
Granted my Keens have protected toes, but I was impressed.
Toes held up much better than my backside which has lovely bruises after a nice slide down the Harding trail.
This place is fantasically clean.
$22 for a spa pedi w/ hot rocks.
Not a bad deal at all.

I wanted to treat myself with a simple manicure, so I stopped at Lisa's nails.
I received quick and friendly service from Phu.
The salon didn't have that stinky nail salon smell, which was nice.
I have had my nails done for 5 days now, and the polish hasn't chipped at all!
I am very impressed!
I will be back in a couple weeks to try the gel manicure.

Worst nail experience I've ever had!
He cut them shorter then they should have been cut and  I asked for "squareish" cut on my nails, so they'd be rounded on edges, but there was no rounding.
After I had paid, before he put polish on them, I said they still needed to be rounded and he said it was too late....and he meant it!
My pedicure left me with skin hanging off two toes - not trimmed well.
Very little interaction with me during the hour I was there and the tools didn't look clean.
I will never return...and would advise you go elsewhere if you want quality work!

Clean place!
Beautiful pedicure and gel french manicure.
Nice massages as well.
So pleased with overall experience.. (Esp.
Compared to my other local nail places)

