I don't think this place is even open anymore because it's not showing up on the Fairfield Inn website, but it doesn't surprise me because it was gross.
We stayed here two years ago for my sister's wedding in Scottsdale.
Scottsdale is a pretty expensive area and since we were going to be in AZ for a while we didn't want to blow all our $$ right away.
The Fairfield Inn got decent reviews everywhere, was close to where we needed to be, and  was inexpensive.
I thought because it was a Marriott chain it would at least be ok.
I wasn't expecting to be wowed, I just wanted a clean, safe place to stay for a couple nights.
It was gross.
The place was falling apart.
There was chipped paint everywhere, the pool lining had a rip in it, the cement "deck" was crumbling.
The pictures from the website obviously were from 5 or 10 years before!
Our room looked pretty clean, but it just didn't smell right and the whole time we were there I just felt gross and didn't want any of my stuff to hit the ground, lest we take home some of the funk with us.
The stairwells were dimly lit and so were the outdoor walkways between rooms.
It was creepy and super Motel-like.
I've never been a fan of chain hotels (restaurants or anything else for that matter) and this confirmed some of my issues with them.
They've got the name and familiarity to keep customers coming in, so they don't really have to focus on quality or service.
I was soooo happy to check out of there and since I'll be heading for another visit to Scottsdale pretty soon (have a new nephew to meet!
), I'll be happy to spend a lot more money if I have to, to stay somewhere that doesn't make my skin crawl!

Well, it seems I am the lucky one to report that this Fairfield Inn must have read the feedback from the 2 prior reviews, and have rectified the situation!
While it isn't the best hotel of all-time, it did meet the standards for a Fairfield, and I've stayed at many throughout the US.
The lobby was clean and updated.
It offers a continental all-you-can-eat breakfast, which is included into the price of the room.
The breakfast consisted of various toast/bagels, muffins, hard-boiled eggs, waffles in the self-serve waffle-maker, yogurt, egg/bacon biscuits, cereal, milk, juices, apples, and bananas.
Coffee and tea is available all day.
The room was just fine, clean, and the bed and pillows were very comfortable.
While there are some rooms along the outside that have doors opening to the walk-way balcony, my room was inside a hallway/corridor with a window.
It was fairly quiet, but does have the occasional private plane flying overhead, as it is VERY near the Scottsdale airport.
The pool and jacuzzi looks recently resurfaced, and in nicer weather -- would do just fine...especially if you have kids.
The WI-FI worked well and fairly quick.
So, in conclusion, it's not a resort, or a golf property.
But, for location, it's a value choice.
The hotel is very clean, and provides more than adequate and comfortable services.

I didn't think my experience staying there was as bad as previous yelp reviewers...my stay was short, but, quiet and nice...service was good, and I had a restful night, the only thing I probably will suggest is,turn off the A/C before you go to sleep, that helps a lot (not summer season I mean)...

Long wait to check in.
Creepy-ish location.

If you remember a hotel room from the 1970's where you drive up to the outside of your room............the closet is a rack on a wall, then you will know this hotel.
While clean and new carpet and paint, at $179 a night, I will never stay here again.
Nice people trying to make it work.
Platinum Marriott member

My room was clean and comfortable.
The building is just reminiscent of an old Motel 6.
It has clearly been renovated.
Check in was painless.
The lobby is nice.
The pool area looks welcoming,  though I didn't use it.
I just think they're asking too much at $170 a night.
Plus side, the bed is super comfy.

Staff was very friendly.
We were promptly checked in.
An employee gave us a small tour while giving information of surrounding attractions.
A big plus is the delicious popcorn they offer.
Nice little snack!
The hotel isn't in the heart if Scottsdale, but it isn't far.

