My leather did not last at all.
It is only my husband and myself and in less than 2 years the leather looks so worn I need to replace it.
Contacted this store and although they sent someone out to make sure the leather wasn't defective, I was treated very rudely, told me people that complain about the quality of furniture normally do not have the funds or are unwilling to take care of the furniture properly.

Purchased a almost $6,000 sectional from Creative Leather, less than 3 months after having sectional we noticed the seem under the arm rest was coming undone.
Contacted the store we bought it at, Bell and 67th Ave. location.
Told us to contact customer service, we did, they wanted pictures, and sent someone (a leather tech) out to look at it.
First , they were going to charge us $150.00 pick up and delivery fee and $50.00 an hour to fix it, said it would take probably up to 4 hrs.
Well, of course we that this was unfair and it should be covered under the warranty, NOT they tried to say we were ruff on the couch!!!
OMG  I take very good care of our furniture, especially one that cost $6,000.
After, going back and forth with the company and getting the President in on the matter, they were not willing to stand behind their product, kept insisting it was our fault.
We even recommended a friend (before this took place) and they bought sectional close to the same amount.
We are VERY disappointed in this company and will NEVER buy or RECOMMEND it to anyone.
This is absolutely insane that they would not repair this (it was a small tear) to keep a customer.
Especially when the sectional was only about 3 months old.
BEWARE, this company does not stand behind their product, so sad!!!

This is the second time I have bought Furniture from Creative Leather.
There new location is beautiful.
Mark  who I have worked with before  is fabulous and once agin really help me pick out a new sectional and Dining room Table.
I have not been to Creative Leather in 5 Years and was shocked to see all the new beautiful Tables and new sofas.
Thanks Mark for making my experience easy and enjoyable for the second time.
I love the couch I have and can't wait for the new one!

What good is this warranty?
I have a chair that costs over $2.5K that needed $500 worth of foam replaced within a couple years.
They said it was due to normal wear and tear.
Since when is this normal?
I called customer service in AZ asked Jim Lerna why they didn't use better quality materials like high density foam?
He said they use industry standard foam.
By industry standard he means the cheaper stuff.
If you pay industry standard prices you should expect industry standard materials.
But if you pay premium prices you should expect premium materials.
Not the case.
Be careful.
Jim said that if I wanted the high density foam he would give me a good deal on it.
But the price was $500 (20% of the cost of the new chair) which is as much as my local furniture repair store would charge.
How is this a good deal?
Thanks for nothing.
My own fault for not being more careful and asking more questions before I bought.
The question you should ask is "what type of foam will I get inside this chair?
I wonder if they give you the better stuff for asking or else they stick you with the cheap stuff for being naive.
How would you know?
Ask questions.
Many questions.

We bought a large sectional sofa from Creative Leather earlier this year.
The sales staff was very helpful and knowledgeable about various leather selections/options and the size of our space and the sofa that best fit.
As this ended up being more of a custom selection, I was worried about the manufacturing timeframe to meet the date of a large gathering at our house.
The sofa was built and ready as promised and the delivery guys hit the delivery window of time as scheduled.
Matter of fact they were meticulous, laying cover on floors and corner protectors so as not to mark up walls.
We had an overall great experience dealing with this company.
It is not everyday you buy furniture (or at least a sofa), so we took the time to shop and view multiple places.
When the time comes we will be back here to buy again.
Until then, we will enjoy this well made, comfortable sofa.

We move to Phoenix in 1995 and got our first leather couch and chairs from Creative Leather.
Since we loved it so much and as we have changed houses over the years we have actually bought our fourth sectional and chairs from Creative Leather.
What keeps us going back, because we like the service, selection and the fact that they build them right here in Phoenix Arizona!
On our most recent purchase from Creative Leather, they designed and finished some special chairs for our wine room and a chair and ottoman for our family room that came out fantastic.

Extremely disappointed!
The product was not what we ordered.
We tried contacting customer service.
They waited several weeks and sent someone out to re-stuff some of the sections.
It was not well stuffed originally and still not afterwards.
The corners of the cushions are sharp.
Next, we mailed a letter to the address on the invoice - it was returned nothing is at that address -" not deliverable", sent a certified letter to a address we found through the web.
We got a confirmation of receipt of tEh certified letter which explained our concerns.
We were willing to let them have the furniture back in perfect condition for a loss of one third of the cost.
We are willing to lose over 2 grand just to have the furniture removed.
It sits in the living room unused(we had purchased it for our family room).
They didn't care enough to contact us about our concerns.
Basically there is no "customer service".
It is sad that a company that manufactures here in AZ and the owner lives in Scottsdale, doesn't care.
Fortunately there is another store down the street that does have 100% customer satisfaction and customer service is a priority.
Their products are excellent and their sales staff goes well beyond to inform you and to be sure you are happy!
Their products are excellent.
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AT CREATIVE LEATHER - AND CERTAINLY FORGET ABOUT THROWING YOUR MONEY AWAY THERE.

My husband and I walked into Creative Leather at 6:45 p.m. on a Friday evening.
We were greeted warmly by the manager, Stephen Besmanoff (?).
We asked for some information about Creative Leather and were impressed withe the thorough answers we were given.
Stephen spent the next hour with us, showing us options in sofas/loveseats and explaining in GREAT detail the guarantees and warrantees on the product.
When we asked to see a sample of the high grade black leather we were interested in, we were taken back into the factory so he could cut us a piece to take with us.
Needless to say, he spent 45 minutes after closing time on a Friday evening.
This is customer service I have not experienced in a long, long time.
And .
we didn't even buy anything.
We were allowed all the time we needed and were never made to feel it was "time to close".
I have since received 2 phone calls from the President of Creative leather and was equally impressed with his warmth and dedication to customer service.
Creative Leather made a wonderful first impression on us.
We would encourage anyone looking for quality leather furniture to visit the factory showroom and work with Mr. Besmanoff.
It is wonderful to see a company so dedicated to making first time visitors so well informed.
Keep up the good work!

