I hadn't been to a Denny's in years, because I like healthy vegan food and they never had any.
But when I heard that they were offering a new veggie burger, I had to give it a try.
The menu started out, "BETTER BURGERS Our hand-pressed burgers are served with wavy-cut French fries,  hash browns, seasonal fruit or dippable veggies.
Upgrade to seasoned fries for an additional charge.
"  "Veggie Burger Amy's® Veggie Burger made from fresh organic grains and vegetables with protein-rich soy.
Topped with melted Pepper Jack cheese, fresh spinach, tomato and grilled mushroom on a wheat bun.
Served with a side of balsamic vinaigrette.
15 grams of fat or less when you select green beans or seasonal fruit in place of French fries.
"  I ordered the veggie burger with no cheese and a side of fruit.
My husband ordered the same with cheddar cheese and fries.
My order came out five minutes or more after his.
We had to ask for mustard.
There was no tomato on the burger.
The burger itself was good, and the mushrooms and spinach were good, although most were not on the burger, but on the plate.
But the bun!!
It was as hard as a piece of balsa wood.
Very unappetizing.
The bathroom was also dirty, which never speaks well for the kitchen.
I may try a Denny's again if there is absolutely nothing else around, but in Scottsdale, there are plenty of better options around.
I won't be back to this restaurant.

Been to a lot of Denny's and this is easily the worst of them all.
The biggest beef was seeing our food waiting for easily 10 minutes under the warmer before being delivered to us.
The service was slow even though the restaurant was nearly empty.
The food was luke warm (no surprise sitting under the warmers), pancakes were crusty on top (no surprise sitting under the warmers), waitress never refilled drinks, and we had to ask for the bill.
Overall disappointing experience.
I'll be happy to get back my favorite Denny's in San Jose, CA.

So it's Denny's.
Big surprise your food wasn't gourmet and your veggie burger wasn't perfect.
Cry me a river and please don't come back.
This Denny's problem is Scottsdale.
What a sense of entitlement.
Most livable, whatever!
My food came quit, waitress was active, just what I expected from a trip to Denny's.
Good job.

I was reluctant to try this Denny's becayse of previous reviews but the food was good, served fast and hot.
Our server, Dan, was great.
Would definitely go back!

Decided to grab a bite to eat after going out one night.
We seated ourselves at a booth, and a group of people that were waiting for their bill told us to not sit in the section because it was bad service.
We made the wrong decision and ignored the group and sat down.
After waiting about 5 minutes,  our waitress came to the table to get our drink order.
After another 5 minutes, our drinks finally arrived and she took our order.
10 minutes went by, and our waitress came back and told us she had lost our order and wanted to know what we wanted again!
She never apologized, and acted like it wasn't a big deal.
Our food finally arrived after an other 10 minutes.
Our waitress never came back to check up on us, and never re-filled our drinks.
I had to stop another waiter to get us water.
Once it was time to get our bill, we went to the cashier area and asked a different waitress if we could have our bill because our waitress went missing.
We wanted to split the bill on two cards, and she said she couldn't do that.

I have never had a bad experience at this location, and I've been coming here since it opened (not sure what the other reviews are talking about).
We have a few favorite servers we ask for by name.
If we try something that isn't great, we let them know.
But that is rare.
And usually if we try something new they are promoting, the servers will tell you if it is a good item or not so good (so if you aren't sure, ask them).
The servers are always attentive and fun.
They take care of us and really do great with our 5 yr old.

I am going to try and locate the manager and let him know that his front host/hostess staff is horrible.
I came in and waited while 2 people stood at the cash register and neither one of them ackowledged my presence.
Then they switched places and still .....nothing....  How rude can you be?
If it wasn't for the great waitress and the food was good, I would give this location 1 star.
I go to most Dennys around the valley after hiking and they are always pleasant and friendly.

This is my fav Denny's and go to restaurant for breakfast!
Everyone is so friendly and anxious to please.
I love the 2-4-6 dollar choices.
For $4 you can get 2 eggs, bacon and pancakes.
If you are an AARP member you can get $1 coffee with the usual refills.
Sweet!
Denny's does it right!
Thank you for brightening my day today.
Sat with a friend and really enjoyed showing her my Denny's!

I'm surprised at the number of negative reviews!
I enjoy this Denny's location!
It a a good for a quick cheap meal.
When I've been there, the staff (Today Eli waited on me--he was great!
) has always been friendly and helpful.
The food is good too.
.it's Denny's.
.not Mastro's.
Today, I ordered off of the "Build Your Own Burger" menu and my veggi burger was yummy.
In the past, I have ordered breakfast at this location and it has been good too!
I will say that the location is dated (the only reason I gave this location a 4/5 and not a 5/5).
The decor is old, the carpets are old and stained.
The place is in desperate need of a face lift.
.especially in such a high end location.
The service and food is good though!

Nothing quite like comfort food.
This Denny's is always clean and comfortable.
The food is consistent and the service is always amazing.
They run our of apple crisp a lot but if they have it order it and enjoy.
Additionally the revamp of the interior is beautiful.

Great Place, for a very Tasty Breakfast,Lunch or Dinner!
Staff was great!
They had alot of good teamwork going on how busy it was today!
Sarah served us, she was great!

Went here strictly for convenience and was pleasantly surprised.
The service was prompt and attentive, the food good and the price very reasonable.
You don't go to Denny's expecting gourmet cuisine, but they served us a very nice breakfast that kept me going all day.
I especially appreciated the clean restrooms.
I admit it was early in the day, but they were truly spotless.
Will definitely visit again when the opportunity arises.
Kudos to the folks there.

So I typically don't review a Denny's, but the food is way better lately.
More specially Jeremy, the server has an energy and level of customer service typically reserved for restaurants with 4 dollar signs not 1.
So the 5 stars, due 90% to the amazing service from Jeremy, and we now frequent and ask to only be seated in his section.
And the other 10%?
Kudos to the chef in the back for producing some pretty decent meals that 5 years ago I wouldn't have ever concluded came from a quick diner.

This Denny's had a make over a few months back, but still the same great breakfast JUST the way I ordered it.
Fab with Steve as my server I felt like a qween.
Terry was cleaning the windows and cashiering; she never rested!
Carrie usually serves us and she came over to say hello.
Warm and friendly with great food and coffee.
Denny's rocks the dining world.

Why am I so consistantly happy at this Dennys?
You would love the way Jeremy and Wendy treated me and Flo!
Also I love their thin crunchy bacon, eggs, and great coffee.
Thanks to the wonderful staff who smile and are so enthusiastic.
Talkin 'bout Jeremy!



We were around this area and were looking for a relatively inexpensive, casual place to eat.
Denny's hit the spot.
I had the turkey burger and tried some of the bacon breakfast burrito.
The turkey burger was perfectly cooked, with very tender and juicy ground meat, fresh toppings, and soft bun.
There was a little spiciness in the burger, contrasted with cool avocado slices in the mix.
The fries that came with the meal were nice and crispy.
The bacon breakfast burrito was a sizable portion, filled to the brim with bacon, egg, avocado, pico de gallo, cheese, and chipotle sauce.
Service was fast, efficient, and very friendly.
I was slightly disappointed that we didn't get a "monthly special" menu which had some more avocado dishes we could have chosen from, but we were pretty satisfied with the dishes we did order.

As much as I hate to admit it I love country fried steak and there's may not be the best in the world but it tastes pretty darn good today, especially with the skillet!
I also tried their Baja Burger Keith city the only thing I would say is asked them not to over cook the burger itself, the chipotle flavor meshes wonderfully with the salsa and cheese quesadilla!
So Denny's I will be back yet again

