Very nice course.
Classy place, very well kept, nice people working there.
The surrounding area is very pretty.
They also have a very hi-tech GPS system in the carts which tells the yardage from the hole, a good graphic of the hole, where the carts in front of you are located by distance, plus you can keep score, and contact the pro shop if necessary and even rate the round--very impressive.
My only complaint was that they apparently double book the course.
They send people off on the front and back nine all day.
We played the front 9 as a threesome in about an hour and 40 minutes and then had to wait a half hour to play #10.
The back nine played very slow and that did detract from a nice day on a nice course.

Golf, rooms, blah blah - it's all about Brunch.
You'll have to hear about all that other stuff in someone else's review.
LOVE their brunch!
We have been going to their brunches for years.
Groups from 4 to 12 of us have made the trip and it's always a favorite.
Last year my friend told me that when she called she was told they had stopped going brunches, but I actually overheard someone talking about going there for Easter.
Lo and behold they are back on!
I talked with a girl there and she said it must have been a miscommunication as they always shut down during the off season (summer) and the length of time each year may be a bit different, but they are totally open for business right now.
Brunch is $32, or $34 if you include champagne, and really, why wouldn't you?
Service has never been anything but positively outstanding.
But the food is what really puts it over the top.
SO much food and so many great options.
More than you'll get at the Compass room, and at least as much as you'll get at Wrigley Mansion - but for half the price.
And because it's part of a resort, you can either chose to dress up, or go resort casual and you'll fit in with their other guests who may be catching a round of golf right after they eat.
You can see a sample Sunday Brunch menu at http://www.orangetreegolfresort.com/pdfs/Sunday%20Brunch.pdf.
They also do special Brunches for Easter and Mother's day.
Be sure to call ahead to get reservations.
This is a popular spot with the locals as well as the guests and space may not always be available at the last minute.

This is part of my time share company that I use.
I decided to use some points for a trip to Phoenix and stay there in a one bedroom for three nights.
We wanted a king bed and got one of the last one bedrooms available.
The room was a recently renovated room.
The first thing you will notice here is that the parking and the rooms are FAAAARRRR apart.
It is about a hundred yards from the parking lot to the 800 building.
This made for a long walk with all the luggage.
There really isn't a place to pull up close and unload either.
The bell staff did offer us a ride if we needed it.
But, being the young athletic folks that we are, we opted to walk... but found an alternative for the other times when we needed to park and get to the room.
THe room was gorgeous.
The windows are double pane with mini blinds inside of them.
Granite countertop.
Nice colors.
Its clean and very beautiful.
The tub is a jacuzzi tub for two and the shower is big.
The shower fixtures seem outdated and the hot water is difficult to regulate.
THe mattress is a tempupedic type and very comfortable.
there are flat screen tvs in the main room and the bedroom.
I really liked the place and felt it was very nicely done.
The staff is very nice and helpful.
We did not use any of the ammenities of the resort, but were able to see the golf course.
It was clean, well maintained and very nice.
I would use this resort again.
But will be trying another shell resort in the spring.

Wedding Ceremony and Reception  I wouldn't change a single thing about Orange Tree Golf Resort for our wedding ceremony location and reception.
JOYCE HARWOOD-- she is your gal, a fun loving gal from Long Island and she has you covered for all wedding needs.
She even does flowers too!
No fuss, beautiful and reasonably priced.
Here's the deal with weddings-- all things related to weddings, everyone tries to rip you off.
Not Orange Tree-- seriously, this was the best money I have ever spent.
And you can't ever say anything is affordable b/c weddings just aren't affordable, but they can be REASONABLE.
Orange Tree took good care of us and our guests.
I give everyone from the catering staff, the valet, the coordinators, the check-in desk-- the bartenders, everyone.... 5 stars!
Thanks for the memories!
PS.
they have a kick ass bar too with a live band every Saturday night., well, you know as kick ass as a hotel lobby bar can be.... Lots of dancing!

alright i'm not into resorts, or golf all that much.
but i found this place to be extremely accommodating (real friendly staff).
the room i stayed in for $99 had a king bed, living room, bedroom, jacuzzi, shower, 2 sink bathroom, flat screen monitors, and a patio deck.
parking is a bit of a bitch since anything past the 400 buildings you're walking your ass in the hot arizona heat.
but my buddy got married here so its good in my book.

This place has been like my second home.
Their rooms are huge and bathroom has a jacuzzi tub.
Staff is always very friendly.
Great place to stay in Arizona.

This place is OK.
It's a little old, but it was pretty clean.
The pool area isn't great.
The rooms are cute.
I wish they would have had full kitchens, since they are supposed to be timeshares....
The service is ok, they have to drive you to your rooms in golf carts and one guy was speeding though trees while my kid was in the cart at night so that was kind of bad...
I wouldn't stay here again, but it wasn't horrible...

I had to write about the Orange Tree Golf Resort because I own a timeshare unit there.
I bought a unit in 1994, and back then, they were 1 of about 4 timeshares in Phoenix.
Now, it seems there are dozens of timeshares in the Phoenix area.
Currently, the resort is in the porcess of upgrading all of the rooms, so if you book there, ask for an remodeled room.
I haven't seen the newly remodeled rooms, but based on the old style, the rooms are great.
The bigest complaint people seem to have about the rooms are the lack of a full kitchen.
But keep in mind, the Orange Tree was not built as timeshares, rather, it was a former hotel that went bankrupt.
The old units had a "college sized" refridgerator, but the remodeled units will have a full sized refridgerator and flat creen LCD TV.
The bathroom is the best part of the units, with a two person water jet tub and a walk-in shower and television.
The resort is in a great location, just a few miles from downtown Scottsdale, or about a 20 minute drive to downtown Phoenix.
The on-site restaurant and bar are great, and if you are a golfer, the course is fantastic.

The resort itself was fantastic.
We had an updated room and it was nice.
Bed was comfortable, flat screens were nice, liked the almost full fridge too.
The pool area was nice as well.
The golf course was in good shape.
I played late and got on for 30 bucks, which I thought was good for November in AZ.
I actually got to play 20+ holes as I got behind some slow people (I was a single with my son riding along), so at about hole 5 I circled back and started over.
I was able to get to the 17th before it got dark and had actually caught up to those people again.
My only gripe about the course is the houses lining every fairway.
Way too close for me and to make matters worse, the kids who lived in these houses were out playing frisbee and football on the fairways.
They would move to the rough when a golfer approached, but still on the course and still well within slicing distance.
This happened on 3 different holes.
I just pulled out a 7 iron and kind of dinked my way up and around them.
The course itself was in good shape.
Unfortunately I had played Gold Canyon the day before and it was amazing.
Orange Tree is not in that category, but it was a very nice course, especially for 30 bucks.

I can only speak to the golf.
The course was very well maintained; it is a moderate course; cheap to play; friendly staff; ProLink GPS in carts.
The only cons are the sand rake being on the cart & some shabby players (at least I felt comfortable).

This review is long overdo...and the reason i say that is because this resort was one of the major reasons we moved to Arizona.
If you look me up on Facebook you will see all the pictures i took of our vacation here in June of last year.
The resort is stunning....the rooms are fabulous...the resort staff is phenomenal...and the amenities are second to none.
We spent an entire week here last summer and we got an awesome deal for the place through our timeshare company....interval international.
I will post some photos on here of the Resort so you can see it from point of view...because one look at this place and it will be the only resort you will want to stay in here in the Valley.
I must also mention that it is so ironic that we live only a few miles from the resort.
It is on N.56th street and we live on N. 42nd street...so on a nice day...which is just about everyday here i can even ride my bike to the resort.
So if you ever come to Arizona and need a great, relaxing, place to stay make orange tree resort your final destination.
Eat, Drink and be very Merry at the orange tree my friends!!!!

Andre's review was probably pretty accurate last summer - but a LOT has changed at the Orange Tree since then.
The restaurant is closed.
Bar is closed.
Pool bar is rarely open.
Front desk - nice people but kind of clueless.
I was there for a conference/meeting for 80 people.
They seemed entirely overwhelmed by our large group.
Rooms were given extremely late, promises that were made when the meeting was planned were absolutely not kept.
The main thing is that there is NOWHERE on site to get a decent meal or a glass of wine.
Not my idea of a resort.
Our room looked like something out of 1982, even though we were promised all remodeled rooms.
The weirdest thing was that the shampoo in the room smelled like bacon.
No lie.
My roommate and I both were horrified, so we had to pick up shampoo (and wine) at a local CVS.
Ordering Domino's for dinner isn't my idea of room service or a resort, either.
I will say that the golf did look good, and if the restaurants were open and amenities/service were better, this would be a great place for a wedding.

This is for the golf course only.
I went out as a single, as I wanted to try some of Scottsdale's more traditional courses before my golf buddies came down for their winter visits.
Last time they came down, we played desert courses.
This is a fairly easy course, with a few water hazards and numerous bunkers - both fairway and greenside.
Each fairway is fairly straight with a few gentle dog legs.
The rough is predominately grass, although there are cattails around the water hazards.
The course was in fairly good condition for this time of the year, although the greens were fairly spotty.
It is an older course, and could use some maintenance.
The employees were friendly, and the starter, and marshals kept the pace flowing.
A couple of notes.
It does have GPS in the carts, which is really helpful - and they allow driving on the fairways with the 90 degree rule.
Secondly, it is one of the few courses I have played that has the sand rake in the cart (so if oyu end up in a bunker - remember to take the rake).
The only downside was one of the people that was with our group thought he was Tiger.
He would drop out of bunkers, out of unplayable lies, take second shots and play the best one, and then ask "did anyone else have a par?".
It was a good thing the rest of us were even tempered - otherwise they may have found a body in one of  the bunkers.
The golf value during the summer is great.
But I would hesitate recommending this course at the more expensive winter rates, unless some major upgrades were made.

I did not play golf or eat at the restaurant - so this review is on lodging only.
We planned a surprise baby shower for several out of town guests (we were from out of town, too) and chose this location for group lodging.
The rooms are excellent for the price - the entire resort consists of 1-bedroom suites, either King or Queen plus a pull-out couch.
Huge bathroom with Jacuzzi tub and separate shower, plenty of counter / mirror space, a full-size refrigerator, plus sink, dishes and utensils, and microwave.
An outdoor seating area (which we didn't use, since we were here during monsoon season in Phoenix!).
Unlike many other hotels & resorts, Orange Tree doesn't charge you extra for kids staying in the room, so we truly paid $60 per night for the 4 of us.
Free wireless internet.
We had an issue with mosquitoes in our room -- staff promptly handled it and also took something off the bill for the inconvenience.
Customer service was top-notch.
Beds are all posturepedic (think "memory foam") and outrageously comfortable.
Plus the bedroom closes off from the rest of the suite, so it stays nice and dark in there.
The pool is very nice - lots of covered seating, and it's shady and comfortable after about 5PM.
Plenty of shallow area for smaller kids to play in.
My only complaint is that unless you wind up in building #1, you cannot park anywhere near your room -- so if you forget something in the car, it's a 7-minute walk each way (from building 8, where we were) to the parking lot.
From the lobby to the rooms, you can request someone pick you up in a golf cart.
But I suppose the resort is designed with golfers in mind, who generally don't mind walking, even in the heat.
For me, I prefer not to sweat if I don't have to, so I didn't like having so far to go each time we had to take our little ones to the car.

Course looks nice, and was in decent shape.
It's a traditional course, with no elevation changes, large trees, and lush grass.
It definitely looks nice.
Orange Tree makes for a nice, but not memorable, round of golf.
One thing I noticed is that the rates were a little steep.
Not the best value, but probably not in the most value-oriented part of town, either.
Also, I HATE the rakes in the cart.
I'm pretty sure I left mine behind on the very first hole.

It was a gorgeous room but so far away from where we could park.
Was really disappointed that a place that calls themselves a resort didn't have room service or even a restaurant.
They had a small grill place like what I would expect at the ballpark.
Even that closed at 5 I think.
The boyfriend enjoyed the driving range but you would think Arizona would have where you do this tone covered with those misters they have everywhere else in the city.
Swimming in the pool was nice and the water was just right temperature.
Massage was good well worth the money.
Staff were all Friendly.

Staff was wonderful, rooms a bit dated, we were out in the back 40 and had to depend on calling a valet to pick us up.
Will probably call ahead next time to make sure we have a golf course view and closer to parking.

We stayed there for a week just recently.
If it hadn't been for a couple of items the room would have been 5 stars.
It was incredibly large and spacious.
It had a full size refrigerator which made it easy for us to shop at the fresh and easy around the corner for pre made meals, and snacks.
The microwave was also a convection oven, so we were able to bake pizzas quite effectively.
When I say the room was spacious, that is an understatement.
It was huge.
It had a sectional couch, a large bed, a HUGE bathroom with a jet tub, his and her sinks, lots of drawers and counter space, etc.
It had a separate lavatory and shower.
My three complaints: * The TV in the bedroom was ridiculously small.
I mean, jokingly small.
I think it was like a 12 inch TV.
There was a normal 30 something inch TV in the living room.
* Everything in our room was modern, nice and clean, except the shower.
It was old, and felt "damp", and mildewey.
It was not very tall, so my chest was cleaned quite effectively but my hair was left wanting more.
* The internet didn't work in my room for 4 of the 7 days.
I had my EVDO wireless modem, but would have been nice to use hotel internet.
I liked the location, there were a lot of grocery stores, drug stores, food, video rentals, etc.
Not really a "happenin" part of Scottsdale, but you can drive just up Scottsdale Ave for that.

I don't ever write reviews on Yelp or reviews in general for that matter BUT I promised myself I would do this when I got home from vacation.
My boyfriend and I stayed at Orange Tree Golf Resort for our anniversary.
We didn't golf, we only stayed at the resort but this review isn't for the lodging; it's for the customer service.
My boyfriend's car battery died when we were on our way to dinner for our anniversary so he asked one of the staff members if they could help jump his car.
Not only did the staff members help but when they realized the battery was completely dead, they helped remove the battery from the car, called Wal-Mart to make sure they had the same car battery so we could exchange it, shuttled us to Wal-Mart to pick up a new one, waited for us to exchange it, shuttled us back and installed the new battery for us.
We didn't ask them to do anything other than help jump the car and it wasn't part of their job description to do any of the things they did but they did it and we couldn't have been more grateful.
I'm so glad to see that there are still nice, genuine people around when others need a helping hand and I'm glad that they work at Orange Tree.
Awesome experience with their staff.
I would definitely stay here again and the customer service alone makes me want to recommend Orange Tree to anyone who is looking to visit Scottsdale.

Can I just say the stay was amazing!
I found the hotel last minute on a business trip, and was pleasantly surprised with the comfort of my stay.
The only reason they didn't receive 5 stars is because there weren't enough parking spaces if you're staying at the end of the resort, so it took little stroll through the resort to get back to my room.
Also, when I was checking out, the bell hop only took about 3 minutes to get to my room.
Not only that, he brought me a cold bottle of water for the day.
That's customer service :).
Definitely would stay here again if I'm in the area.

This is a lovely place to stay in N. Scottsdale.
Its very quiet & peaceful.
The rooms are very spacious and you can tell right off the bat, these are condo's not hotel rooms.
Has a sink, fridge, large bathtub, lots of extra pillows, 2 tv's, a separate bedroom area, and a patio.
All that for 70 bucks a night (from hotwire) What a steal!
The staff here gets 6 out of 5 stars.
They all go out of their way to provide the best service.
The only negatives here would be that there's no sit down restaurants on the resort, and at night, its so dark by the golf area- kinda spooky.
Tip- in the summer, go to pool at night.
It's really pretty full of lighted palm trees.

As a person who regularly stays at the Ritz-Carlton Phoenix, I consider 5 stars a big deal.
I stayed here, with my mom, for one night before staying 2 nights at said Ritz-Carlton, and I was upset that I didn't stay here the entire time.
The rooms at this resort far exceeded my expectations.
It's usually a timeshare type of place, so the full kitchen and separation of the bedroom was expected, but the enormous and luxurious bathroom was not.
I mean, the tub can easily fit two people AND has jets, and the shower is big enough to have a decent-sized party in!
Also, the sofa has a pull out, so the rooms are very accomadating.
This is by far the best place I've ever stayed in the Phoenix-Metro area.
I have a 3-night stay booked for the first weekend in September, and I can't wait!

I've stayed here two times now and I love this place.
The rooms are very big with big bathrooms, full fridge and a separate bedroom.
The pool is nice as well.
The golf course is in decent shape but not overly difficult.
Still quite fun.
The only thing keeping me from giving it 5 stars is the parking situation.
If you take one of the building close to pool you will walk a ways to your car (there is a shuttle if you want).

We spent 3 nights during our Labor Day weekend at this hotel.
We were attracted to this hotel because if its large in-room jacuzzi tub.
As we were checking in, the lobby of this hotel is small (more like a "room" rather).
Staff were chatting among themselves when we arrived around 1pm.
It did not seem very professional to me.
As I was in the lobby, I learned that this is actually a timeshare of the Shell vacation club.
No wonder the the rooms are big with kitchenette (no stove, just sink, fridge, and microwave), dining table, and a large sectional sofa.
I was given a room close to the parking lot, on the second/upper floor.
The room decor was decent.
Not brand new, but "okay".
As I mentioned before, the whole reason we booked this hotel is because of its in-room jacuzzi tub.
So as I was enjoying the tub at like 5pm, someone kept calling and calling the hotel room.
We didn't answer as we were in the tub, and we did not expect any call to the room.
Then someone even BANG on our door.
My husband answered the door, who claimed to be 2 security personnel.
They said downstairs ceiling was leaking water and wanted to inspect our room to see if "everything is okay', and if "anyone is injured".
They inspected the room, the patio, and wanted to inspect the bathroom as well.
However, I was in the tub and my husband asked if they can you come back in 2 hours (around 7:30pm) for the inspection.
They agreed.
Then later in the evening, th towel bar fell down.
So we called the front desk about the shower bar (and asked to have someone to come fix it), and we also asked if the security guards were still coming, since it was already 8pm or so.
The person who answered the phone said "we were just waiting upon your permission for us to get in.
" We were like, "ok, you can come in now", but I thought we had a prior arrangement for them to "arrive in 2 hours"?
Why the person was so rude and made it like we did not allow them to come in?
Then soon after, a guy came in to fix the towel bar, who said that someone already figured out that the downstairs leakage is due to the plumbing issue, and not related to us.
So they did not need to come in to inspect the tub.
We were relieved and continue our vacation.
Then the second night of our stay, we were enjoying the hot tub at around 11pm.
Again, someone kept calling our phone in the room, and we answered.
The lady, Josie, in the phone said, "you have to move NOW" and did not give us any other option.
So after we packed up everything, we called Josie again to clarify the situation.
She said people staying downstairs said WE were told not to use the tub.
HUH?
nobody ever told us not to use the tub?
They even came to inspect and found out problems were not in our room?
Then Josie said the "downstairs people refused to move", but so are we, at 11:30pm?
they EVICT a hotel guest at 11:30pm at night given we did not anything wrong?
We did not flood the place, we did not bang holes on the wall... and she said, the ceiling of the downstairs is falling off, and if we do not move, and BASED IN ARIZONA LAW, if we notify the hotel guests that there maybe danger in the room and the hotel guests do not comply, they will not be responsible for any accident or damage.
After the threats, she offered that we could continue to stay in the room, but someone would have to come up to inspect the tub the next day and we could not use the tub.
I really do not understand - when there is a plumbing issue with the drain, why someone keeps need to inspect the room?
Most important is, we gave them the chance to inspect the room the night before - but they CHOSE not to come to inspect it.
Since we already packed up everything, we decided to move to the room in the next building anyway at 11:30pm.
When comparing the 2 rooms, I found out there are quite some decor difference in the bathroom tiles and decor, and even the microwave is different for the 2 rooms... sofa was a bit older, but still ok.
So the last day of our vacation, we were able to use the tub without disturbance.
The hotel manager kept wanting to talk to us, but I do not think there is anything he could do that could make us feel better.
He charged us 1 night less for the room - but that's not what I was looking for anyway.
This is such a horrible experience that I would NEVER ever recommend anyone to stay at this hotel.
If the hotel is has such a serious plumbing issue, then they shouldn't make hot tubs inside the room (if their drain cannot handle it).
I felt being prejudice against - either by age or by race (we are Asian).
Stay at a real hotel, don't stay in this type of timeshare with poor staff training and poor service.

My husband is a Marine, and since we needed to do a "staycation" instead of a honeymoon for now, we stayed at the Orange Tree for his 10 leave.
It was so amazing!
Pros: The rooms were clean and spacious, with HUGE bathrooms, a jacuzzi tub, a big walk-in shower, and the most amazing bed in the entire world.
There were flat screens in the living room and bedroom, and a full sized fridge to store our leftovers and drinks.
The pool area was really nice, with a pool bar.
We had a spacious patio that overlooked the golf course.
Also, the staff were soooo nice!
It felt like everyone went out of their way to make us feel special.
It felt like home towards the end of our stay!
:)  Cons: There were only 2: We stayed in building 6, which was a pretty far walk from the parking lot.
If this is a problem for you, I'd recommend staying in buildings 1-4.
(But we were close to the pool).
Also, the doors to the bedroom weren't solid doors, but those kind with the slots in them.
It provided privacy, but when my husband stayed up later than I did one night when his buddies came over, I could hear everything as if I were still sitting on the couch hanging out with them.
(I wound up just getting up and rejoining the conversation, cuz it felt like I was eavesdropping lol) So, if noise privacy is an issue for you between the bedroom and living room, I'd keep that in mind!
Overall, since parking and the non-doors on the bedroom were the only problems, I would recommend this place to everyone and everyone!!
We're going to go back every time we're able to visit the Scottsdale area!

Five stars for customer service - everyone at this resort is HELPFUL!
It is a beautiful place with every room, I believe, overlooking the golf course.
We always relax in these environments.
I think the beds here must be the most comfortable beds we've ever slept in, anywhere - so much so that I may buy the same brand for home.
The rooms are beautifully decorated and they have just what we needed for our relaxation.
There are lots of good restaurants nearby, although there's not a restaurant in operation at the resort itself.
We called a local delivery service one night, and frankly, that was a great meal.
We got to just relax and enjoy our room.
I have to laugh at all the towels folded into swans - cute, but a lot of work for the staff.
We completely enjoyed ourselves and we will stay again.

best place i've ever stayed at!!
the decor is upgraded and the beds are cozy.
the shower is extra  huge and so is the jet tub.
the whole bathroom is huge.
1 bdrm suite also came with it's own balcony.
living room is huge and spacious.
the price was amazing too, but we did get a great deal at hotwire.
i will be staying here again.

The course here is alright but I couldn't help but feel a little disappointed.
Where I come from, a $90 round should feel nicer than this.
Orange tree golf course is a decent looking course, but the general maintenance leaves something to be desired.
The cut lines aren't particularly clean, there's debris from falling leaves fairly all over the places, and any water hazard around is accompanied by a pretty heavy dosage of goose poop.
In addition, the greens are challenging and definitely fast, but really not pleasing to the eye with myriad brown spots all over.
The most distinguishing feature of the course was definitely the sand traps around the greens.
Every hole was absurdly well protected, averaging probably 50% or better radial coverage with sand.
Anyway, despite the impressive hotel and clubhouse construction, you can probably skip this course.

Went there on a 5 night trip w/my fiance, Mom and maid of honor for a "how much can we get done in one weekend?
" trip (out of state wedding right around the corner...yay!
)  Pros: The rooms are huge.
We comfortably slept 4 people at one point.
The big bath tub/jacuzzi.
Bathroom overall was nice as it was large with a nice sized dressing area.
Kitchenette full fridge with well stocked dishes We ended up "cooking" a few times.
Bed, very comfortable Free onsite laundry Free wifi  Cons: It's a time share resort (even then the presentation I did wasn't too pushy which surprised me, if anything they were pretty nice).
Parking was a bear since we were in building 5...it was a 10 minute walk at least and a frigid week in January.
Would doubly suck in July.
If I go to Arizona again (when I don't stay at Country Inn & Suites) I'd surely go back.

Beautiful resort!
They did a great job with the dance competition.

Really impressed.
Definitely made the right choice for a 6 night stay.
Service is extraordinary.

Enjoyed a stay-cation, the suite is awesome.
Full size refrigerator, 2 person jacuzzi, and the balcony made the weekend amazing.

We tried to book a work event here.
In 5 months they have gone through 3 different event managers- and nobody knows what the previous ones did.
We had to renegotiate terms each time.
It was almost laughable.
After the 2nd one left, we just didn't feel like doing it again so we booked someplace else.

Really nice place.
They are a Shell Vacation spot so someone will bug you to sit in on a time share presentation so beware.
Booked through Expedia for one night for our anniversary.
When we got there we were told all they had was a room with two doubles.
Went outside to cancel with Expedia and they suddenly had the king room available that we had booked.
Parking is terrible but free.
Room was great!
Everything was clean and comfortable.
Had a nice stay.

Our holiday luncheon was held here yesterday.
By far the worst I have ever attended.
Waited for water, which was finally plopped down dripping by the very angry waitress; the Diet Pepsi was EXPIRED (June 2011).
Appetizers passable.
The food was AWFUL!
Beef jerky instead of Roast Beef Au Jus.
The chicken must have been boiled - flavorless and bland.
The vegetables were undercooked and hard.
Salt & pepper mercifully arrived approximately 2/3 of the way through the meal.
Seconds were had by NOBODY!!
The waitstaff had two people who looked very nice.
The guy in the shorts - really??
And why were they all so grouchy?
We should have gone to Taco Bell.
Oh - the dessert was okay.

**This review is for the golf course only.
I'm going to try and be charitable with this review because (1) I didn't pay an arm and a leg to play this course and (2) the staff, while a bit stand off-ish at first was very helpful and courteous before and after my round.
But.... it has to be said, this course is in really bad shape.
Back east a course like this would be designated a dogtrack.
The tee boxes, fairways and greens are all in various states of disrepair.
Brown spots, diseased patches of grass and general neglect have produced a very unpleasant looking golf course at present.
A combination of factors may be to blame for this, including an unsucessful overseeding, the recent cold weather and rain, and the general quality of the maintenance.
As other reviewers have noted, it's a pretty straight-forward, boring track with nary an elevation change.
It's not a hard course but the course does have a good design with bunkers guarding nearly every green.
The greens sloped from the back to front and can be quite tricky.
This, I am sure, was once a really good course and true test for any golfer.
But not now.
Compared to the myriad of great golf courses in the Valley, if you can get on the course for under $30, you probably won't feel ripped off.

This is a great place to stay, me and my wife were up in phoenix for the night and decided to splurge on a fancy hotel.
they take great care in seeing you to your room (almost too much) and carrying your bags and showing you the features of the room we reserved a room with a hot tub thinking it would be a small 1 person tub but we were wrong we both fit comfortably to enjoy some wine and the jetted tubs.
its does seem as though its an older property struggling to keep up with all the resorts and new hotels in scottsdale but i think it does very well i would definitely stay again

After checking in, the staff member was very confused and non-communicative to me.
I eventually got my key and was not told it was a 10 minute walk to my suite.
After getting there the suite smelled like moldy stale air, which is not very appealing.
Outside my window were a bunch of old men playing golf that could see me.
Hey bob barker what's going on?
The room itself was spacious and the price was very reasonable.
Overall this hotel is okay, but there are some issues.
The BBQ area seemed cool (didn't get to use it) and they have fresh herb gardens near the BBQs which is pretty cool.
I would think that this place would be good for families.
The pool area seemed a bit old and full of kids, but I didn't use the facilities.

My husband and I got married at the Orange Tree Golf Resort on April 28.
It was a fantastic experience, and we are really happy that we chose to use that venue for our ceremony (reception was elsewhere).
The Orange Tree is an excellent place to reserve a block of rooms.
Their prices are unbeatable -- people who reserved rooms under our block rate paid $115+tax per night and $85+ tax per night if they caught the Black Friday special.
Also, the rooms are all suites, which is excellent if you have a lot of friends from out of town who want to share a room and also work really well for after parties.
The pool closes at 11pm, which is a bit of a bummer but I think pretty standard.
Also, the bar closes at 6pm, which is somewhat odd.
The ceremony venue was absolutely beautiful, and the staff were very nice and accommodating.
Jennifer Hoffman, the head of catering, is very on top of things.
I only had to ask her to do things once, and everything came together exactly as we had requested.
The bell staff are also very nice and accommodating.
The only reason that I gave the Orange Tree four stars, rather than five, was that the front desk seemed a bit disorganized.
I had asked that we have a room as close to the ceremony venue as possible.
They put us in Building 5, which was quite far from the ceremony venue.
I had put welcome bags at the front desk for our guests.
However, the front desk neglected to give them to five of our guests upon their arrival.
These are small details that didn't really detract from the overall experience, but were somewhat surprising given their overall excellent service.
I would recommend doing a wedding reception at the Orange Tree Golf Resort to anyone who wants a beautiful outdoor wedding.

My husband and I decided to spend the fourth of July in Scottsdale and although neither of us golf we liked the idea of having a little more space than the average hotel room so we chose the Orange Tree Golf Resort.
We ended up in room 816 which is about as far away as you can get from the front desk.
It's so far away they give you a ride in a golf cart to get to your room.
If you're older or have small kids I really suggest you get a closer room.
Walking back and forth to our car in 110  degree weather wasn't fun.
On the upside it was really quiet being so far away from the pool and bbq  area.
Overall we had a nice experience.

I'll start by saying this...
The shower head is only 5'5" high.
Pros: nice room, great view of the course from the balcony friendly staff, and Grove grille is a nice restaurant.
Cons: very crowded pool with dozens of children screaming, no stove, shared balcony, and they tie up your $100 security deposit for days after you've checked out.
I had a nice week here, but until I have children of my own, I'll look for a less family-oriented place to visit.

This was my first time staying here.
I will definitely stay there again.
Being in the customer service industry; I have to say the staff here believes in the highest quality of service.
The rooms and the grounds were clean and kept up.
The pool was great.
I would suggest staying in building 6.
It is closest to the pool  I look forward to going back

Efficiency condo but roomy, with louvered doors to shut off bedroom, and bed very comfortable.
No full kitchen as advertised and no ice-maker.
Free Wi-Fi!
Set-up a little strange but nice:  you park your car and a bellman takes you to your room in a golf cart!
Nice to have someone load and unload but of course that involved a tip!
Sometimes parking involves a long walk back to your car.
Nice young men James and Josh very friendly and helpful as bell men.
Nice outdoor porch, but almost got a haircut from a stray golf ball!
Pool and hot tub roomy and nice.
Roomy jacuzzi tub with large window.
Windows have blinds between glass that are difficult to black out.
Shower nice but at times hot water took a while to come up.
Would stay here again!

I had the pleasure of staying at the Orange Tree Golf Resort for three days and two nights and just have to say that the customer service here is superb.
We arrived to the hotel after a very long day of work at 3:30am.
The hotel and surrounding streets were not very well lit so finding the main entrance and check in area was a little tricky.
Once we did find the check in area, the doors were locked but all you had to do was ring a call button and someone came out to greet us.
The lady working the check in was as nice and bubbly and very informative at giving us information about the hotel.
I know you must be thinking that this is what they are paid to do but I was not expecting that at 3:30am.
The person checking us in did let us know that parking would probably be hard to find that hour but she did direct us to the closest parking lot to our rooms and told us in which area we were more likely to find parking and sure enough, right where she told us to go is where I found a couple of empty spots in an otherwise packed lot.
The hotel room itself was your pretty standard hotel room, living room/dining area with a full sized fridge and microwave, dishes and utensils.
The bedroom was in a separate detached area to the living room with a very small TV mounted in the corner of the room.
Each room also came with its own private balcony with patio furniture but the bathroom area was where I was most impressed.
Each room came with its own jacuzzi tub, his and hers bathroom sinks, a small closet area with bath robes, the toilet area and a stand up shower.
The shower head is a little short for a person who is six feet tall like me but it wasn't that much of a problem.
Every day that I came back to the room, it looked as good as the day I checked in, the room was spotless and any dishes or anything else that was used during the previous days was always replaced.
Again, you may say that this is a standard procedure at any hotel but I have stayed at some hotels that will not replace soap bars or shampoos if you still have some from the previous days.
Overall, I have to say that the Orange Tree is one of the best places I have stayed at so far and I would definitely book here again.

Stayed here for a week.
Got a great deal online.
I would come back.
It is in a great location for checking out golf courses and restaurants.
There is a Starbucks and Whole Foods right down the street.
The rooms we had seemed to be updated.
We had a microwave, good sized fridge.
The bed was great, better than our mattress at home.
The staff was very helpful as well.
The couple negatives are the outdated showers and the outdated pool.
They both worked fine.
It just seems like they need some extra cash to finish those upgrades.
Oh and the parking situation is not the best.
It is a long walk to your room from the lot.
Overall, solid and enjoyable.

Excellent rooms, excellent hospitality, centered in a good part of Scottsdale (plenty of things to do all around).

This review is of the Orange Tree GOLF course and management.
This is NOT a review of the resort/hotel.
Sad to say but very true -- expect a 5 to 5 1/2 hour round.
Calling for a ranger to come out and help move play along brings a tsunami storm of rude treatment from the ranger and the pro shop.
It is not a golfer/customer friendly experience.
It's supposed to be fun???
We payed $69/per player for slow pay (quit after 9 holes -- at times there were 3 foursomes sitting at a tee waiting) and very poor treatment.
Best advice - avoid this place.
Too many great courses in the area with quality customer service to waste $$ and time here.
Visited October 2013

Here at the hotel now.
Rooms are NICE!
Service is prompt.
Beds feel like a memory foam mattress, very comfy.
Internet is SLOW, I remember dial up being faster.
Booked through corporate but they messed up our reservations so BOOK DIRECTLY WITH RESORT, not their corporate owners.
Huge disappointment.
Wait staff is AWESOME.
Jeff is the best server here.
Honestly, Orange Tree, upgrade your Internet.
I'm writing this post on my phone since your wifi constantly cuts out.
Awesome service AWFUL Internet.
If the water main didnt break, our AC unit worked properly, and the wifi was fast, it would have been 4 stars, at least.
The service made up for the facility downfalls.

Have been here for three weeks and the location is excellent.
The unit feels spacious and is comfortable in both style and design.
The downside is that there is no cooktop or oven.
Also parking is inconvenient to most of the units.
There is also no washers or dryers in the units and for  some of the units it is quite a hike to the laundry room.
Otherwise.
I liked OT as it was quiet and clean.

What a total mess of a resort.
Tried to have a weekend there and it was a disaster!!!!!
These are the upsetting things about the room and resort: 1.
No hot water in separate shower 2.
Both bathroom sinks and kitchen sink would not drain 3.
Hair dryer broken 4.
Remotes for tv's didn't work.
Toilet flush handle pulled out of tank and could not use toilet.
Kept running.
Vacuum was in wall, so when housekeeping was cleaning next door, it sounded as if it was in our room.
VERY LOUD AND DISTURBING!
Resort didn't offer to move us to a room without these issues.
Place is very run down.
Needs work.
No room service.
Barely a restaurant.
10.
No activities at resort.
PLEASE DON'T STAY THIS RESORT.
It is a total hole.

Can't beat the value of this combination of golf and steak dinner.
We started at 3:44 and was able to get in 16 holes.
As for the steak, I asked for medium rare and it came out raw-rare.

My husband and I would not stay here again...although the rooms were clean they really needed to be updated.
Appliances and all.
The shower heads were outdated and much too powerful, not a comfort spray at all.
The double paned widows have built in blinds  and unfortunately some have dead bugs that will be there until the windows are replaced.
Our coffee pot took at least 45 minutes to make coffee on the first day and by the fourth day we gave up and had to ask for a replacement.
The kitchen sink faucet needs replacing as well as the built in drawers for clothing.
The drawers look like painted over plywood...and would not properly close.
The drawers were also chipped and slightly broken in the corners....very, very cheap and hard to close.
The fridge is very noisy as well as the air conditioning unit.
The iron ruined a good pair of shorts, the Teflon from the iron was chipping and stained the piece of clothing.
Our front door was not leveled...the top of the door was at least 3/4 of an inch lower than the frame...we had to stuff the top of the door with a towel to keep bugs or insects out.
We were promised that house keeping would be here on a certain day and they never showed up.
When warming up water in the microwave, the water had the fragrance of food from the previous people.
There is no dishwasher, so the comfort of using dishes from previous people was not a comfort at all....not very sanitary.
We purchased all paper products.
The pool waterfall tile was very dirty and needed upkeep.
Unfortunately some of the staff members didn't speak English which made it difficult to ask for directions at the Resort...we were pointed to the main office.
Our Housekeeping staff didn't speak English as well....making it hard to tell them what we needed....I finally gave up and had to walk away.
We attended a time share presentation and once the sales person realized that she couldn't match our current time share perks and persuade us to want to trade from our Maui Time Share to Orange Tree's, her attitude changed in a flash.
This sales person wore an extremely low cut dress and thought her charm would change our mind....the low cut dress was not very presentable or professional....she needs more training on how to be personable to potential Time Share Buyers.
We asked the sales person if she would call their New York Time Share location to see if we were able to trade a week for our time share....(New York is promised but for the past 8 years we have not been able to reserve anything).
The sales person immediately said "NO"....but she assured us we would be able to reserve New York from her current Time Share that we could buy into.
That was the close of the deal, we were done.
I asked the sales person why would I want to trade my time share in Maui for a time share at the Orange Tree Resort that doesn't even compare.
On the flip side the front office staff was friendly, the concierge was extremely helpful.
We are used to having more than one restaurant and one that stays open late in the evening....also a mini market for food supplies, etc....OTR is lacking in this area.
We pay well over 2400 a year for a one week vacation at any destination throughout the world.
We actually chose the Orange Tree Resort and realized that we wasted this years Time Share Vacation....too darn disappointing.
Orange Tree Resort needs to update the entire resort....and rid the odor of old must.
I would not stay here again and would not recommend this to anyone.

Like a motel with a golf course.
Except you don't have to park 15 minutes away from your room at a motel.
No room service no spa.

The food service and the bar is non existant.
Can't ever get a drink..and when u do it is nit prepared properly.
And forget about ordering food.
This use to be a good place but something has changed...too bad, the grounds and course are beautiful.
This could be a gold mind to the right buyer.

My wife and I stayed here for a week last year, and we welcomed the opportunity to come back.
The room is basically a large studio with a large bath.
There are louvered French doors in between the bedroom and the living room, and I just have to be very quiet when I waken since I usually wake up earlier than my wife.
But we love the comfortable set up.
The shower stall is huge and there is a large Jacuzzi tub which neither of us have yet to use (we do have one at home, after all,) and double sinks and lots of cabinet space in the bathroom.
We always get a king bed, and there is not much storage in the bedroom but plenty in the bathroom.
Full refrigerator, no dishwasher or washer/dryer, but we knew that, and there is a toaster and coffreemaker and mcrowave.
DVD player, Videotape player and flat screen TV in the living room, and many recent DVD movies for free at the front desk.
There is an additional smaller flat screen TV on the bedroom wall.
Only tihng a litte different here is the parking--you may not park close to your unit, but the front desk is always happy to give you a ride on golf carts whenever you ask.
The friendly bellmen take your luggage in for you as you unpack and pack your car.
This is a full golf resort, so all of the units look out over the golf course with beautiful picture windows.
There is a huge pool and sun deck and spa, very nice and comfortable for many people.
Only other negative is their effort to sell you a time share--we're getting a little fed up with that when we get trades or getaways via Interval International, and we do not like being harrassed to do that when we make it clear at check in that we are not interested.
In spite of that, we will probably be back a third time, or every year as long as it is available.
We love Scottsdale and this is the second year in a row we have driven 2000 miles one-way to enjoy two weeks in the beautiful desert!

