Unique.
Funky.
Stylish.
Accessories galore.
Shoes, handbags, belts, jewlery... and only the hardlest to find must have items of the season.
The best boutique in the Valley.
Trust me.
The store is small but packed.
You will feel like you are inside a 3-D version of shopbop.com.
If only this was my closet...  Dare to dream...

A store that allows me to delve into all my girly girlish fashion fantasies.
Mahsa is stocked with some serious designer items from Stella McCartney and 3.1 Phillip Lim to name just a few.
Be forewarned, these items are quite pricey, but you have to know that if you're buying Stella!
They do carry other designers in a much more every day price range such as T-Bags and Ya-Ya.
(Which of course fall more into the category of every day clothing and not special occasion.
)  All in all the selection is incredible ranging from Michael Kors to Catherine Malandrino to Karen Zambos as well as accessories by Kooba and Kenneth Jay Lane.
I am currently in love with a beautiful blue Laila Azhar dress that I will probably dream about tonight.
If you are looking for a special occasion outfit I would not hesitate to direct you here, you can easily find something fantastic that will make you feel unapologetically pretty.
I don't have the budget to build a regular wardrobe from Mahsa although I am sure that I will be back for statement pieces.

Eh, I was not that impressed with my first visit here.
Some of the items were in that obscenely expensive category but were not justified being there.
I don't like seeing $350 tank tops - if it's a simple black tank top, it's not worth $350.
Period.
Some of the pieces warrant their prices, so to me this is the kind of place you hit for a special occasion or one-of-a-kind piece.
They had some cute shoes, but I found the service incredibly snobby.
I was barely acknowledged when I walked in, and the two salesgirls were falling all over this 40 year old woman who was dressed as though she were still in her early 20s.
Hello - I might want to buy something, too!!!
They did have some really cool things, so I will give it another try....but I suppose I should get super dressed up ahead of time so that my presence is acknowledged.
I didn't really feel comfortable shopping here, even though I could totally have walked out of there with an item or two.

This is probably my favorite boutique in Arizona.
Great clothes, great selection, helpful sales people.
I love all the clothes in this store.
Finally a  shopping experience that rivals that of our more fashionable cities.
They always have great dresses, over sized shirts and tailored blouses.
And I love the hats.
Last season they had these giant sun hats that are probably only appropriate at a socialite's funeral or the Kentucky Derby.
I want one of those hats!!!
Now if I could only squeeze my fat ass into those size 25 skinny jeans...
Both locations are good but I like the Camelback/Waterfront better.
Sorry Kierland.

