Very friendly family-run business.
I always stick with the simple mani-pedi and they do a great job.
They seem to get a good deal of business but I've never had to make an appointment or wait more than 5 minutes.

I moved from Charlotte, NC and went to about 6 different nail salons looking for someone to get it right!!!
I finally found Denise who I LOVE!!!
She is awesome with everything!
I will continue to go back!

love love love them nina is the best for waxing!!!
no one does it better!

Denise is so nice.
Love my nails.
She is amazing at everything and I am lucky to have found her here.

Nina is the best for waxing!
Great job every time!

Deenice (that's how she spells it) has restored my faith in the nail experience.
After getting "nipped" and bleeding in two other salons, I was wondering if I should give up and stick to self-care.
Then Deenice came to the rescue!
Her confident skills and positive attitude make for a very pleasant experience and a top-rate result.
Save a few dollars by having a pedicure at her station, if you don't need the chair massage.
I'm a big fan!
I take my daughters to her when I want to give them a treat.

I took my daughter here on 4-20-2013 and they were able to get me in a last min apt.
Well i wish they didn't.
I hardly get my nails done and when I do i want to get pampered.
The women doing my daughters nails had no clue what to do with her even though they clearly stated child mani padie.
they rushed us in and out of the chair with my spa mani and pedi taking 23 min for both at a not worth it value of $55 for both of us.
The women who had me clearly had callouses on her hands that were rough on my feet along with her answering her phone to her husband during my hand rub that lasted 30 sec each hand.
I will never waste my hard earned money here again!

What I like most about this place is the girls here speak English and they're so friendly!
They run a clean and efficient business and I'm definitely coming back.
i had the french done on my toes and i was pleasantly surprised that it didnt chip until the THIRD week.
SOoOOooO worth my money!

Had my pedicure by two different employees & they where both good.
They spoke great English & gave me both good service & great conversation.
Ill definitely pop in again.

My friend and I made an appointment and still waited 15 minutes after we arrived.
2 of the women were rude and one even said my friend asked for the scrub when she didn't and still charged the extra money for it.
Never going back!

Great manicure  and pedicure!!!
They do acrylics, gels, French manicure waxing just to mention a few of the services they offer.
The shop is neat, clean and upbeat.
Friendly, and very helpful employees.
The shop is family owned and operated.
Walk-ins are welcome and always greeted with a smile.
Love Top Nails and everyone who works there!!

Whats the point of making an appt if they still make you wait?
The guy who did my mani did a horrible job.
He did 4 coats of polish, the polish got smudged on 2 of my nails and he gave me attitude because he had to fix it.
When he "fixed" it, he only did 2 half ass coats of polish.
He kepted saying "when you come back, I do better" I am here now, why didn't he do "better" now?
Definitely not coming back.

The people who work here are mostly family and are absolutely the sweetest and best nail professionals in the valley.
The salon is always clean and has a vey good vibe.
Vicky and Tammy are my absolute favorites.
They give great manicures and pedicures and have really worked with my fragile nails to make the polish last and keep my nails from peeling.
Nina does great eyebrow waxing,  I love this place and would never go elsewhere.

I have been a customer at Top Nails for over 10 years.
I have always been treated with the best customer service.
I get monthly pedicures and weekly polish changes and they have always been the BEST!.Tammy & Vicky always accommodates me when I need to get in on short notice.
They also keeps me updated on new polish colors and trends.
The Salon is always clean and welcoming.
They do great eye brow waxing to.

Used yelp to find a place nearby to get my eyebrows done.
The prices online were awesome $9.00!
Well when I got there it was 12 which still isn't bad because she did an amazing job!
(But I'd probably update) I'll have to check this place out to get a mani or pedi sometime soon very close to home.

Since I moved to Scottsdale 2 years ago, it took me a while to find a nail place I liked.
Once I found Top Nails about one year ago, I refuse to go anywhere else!
First off, it's a family business and the ladies that work here super nice and so friendly.
Secondly, and even more importantly, most every time I get my nails done here my manicure lasts AT LEAST seven days, with no chipping, which is unheard of in most other nail salons as my nails will usually start chipping within a couple days.
Top Nails must have some magic because I've never had my manicures last this long!!
They are amazing and I won't go anywhere else!

