OK, I admit, if you are going to Firestone for your auto care you probably don't have the highest level of knowledge about your cars inner workings nor do you want to spend time determining a proper shop for repairs.
That being said, I think Firestone Auto Care offers some decent services so long as you follow the rules.
These rules (as written by me) include:  1.
Go there for the BASICS.
This includes oil changes, tire rotations, wheel alignments, and other routine maintenance services.
They do these things very well and  typically can't screw them up.
Go to their web site and print any coupons - they usually have a coupon for oil change, tire rotation, and alignment discounts.
This will save you money.
Decline any additional services or maintenance they suggest.
You are better off getting a second opinion from somewhere else.
On my visit for a wheel alignment, they did not push any unnecessary stuff on me.
When in doubt, check your manual.
If the routine maintenance is not listed, DO NOT PAY FOR IT.
If it is a repair item, get a second opinion.
Shop Around.
For routine services, Firestone will generally price match.
You'll need to have the name of the competitor, price, location, etc.
but they do this without much hassle.
Make an appointment.
If you don't to this, you'll have to wait for several hours (no es bueno!
)  That's it.
The service by location will vary, but I've had good luck with Firestone on Scottsdale Rd for tire rotations, oil changes, wheel alignments, and battery replacements.

I know I know, another review about an auto repair place.
Hey I have three that are my favorites and this just happens to be #3.
I like going to this particular Firestone because:  1.
The manager is cool and doesn't treat me like I have no idea what the hell I am talking about.
I have lifetime wheel alignment and tire rotation on my car from Firestone and they are close to where I live.
The service techs are nice guys and patient when someone like me has 1 million questions about everything,  4.
If they have a coupon on the service you are receiving, they give it to you to help keep your cost down.
So there!
I like this Firestone.
Need I say more?

I take my car here every 3,000 miles for oil changes only.
These guys will try to sell you everything you don't need for your car so be careful!
I just print out my discount coupon, get my oil change and say thanks but no thanks to their list of suggestions i need to do to make my car safe.
They will try to sell you things like fuel injection cleaner for $100($10 at O'Reilly), tell you your brake fluid is dirty by showing you a strip, same goes for power steering, and rear differential(DON'T DO IT!
Total Scam.
) If your car has under 150k miles, you have nothing to worry about.
Those parts are sealed.If they tell you need a air filter or cabin filter, save the money and go down the street to O'Reilly (and no I don't work for O'Relly)

I am still coming to the same Firestone years later and the same guys still work there and they are still good to me.
The make sure I don't pay for services I don't need and when I do need something, they make sure it is taken care of asap and try to make sure it doesn't cost a small fortune.
Even my coworkers in my office have started going to this location and they guys are good to them.
Plus they know if they aren't I would give them hell, and the last thing they want is a mad Ebony on their hands lol.
I trust them as they know my car is important to me.
So in a nutshell, yes I still like this Firestone.
The end!

I took my Acura TL to this Firestone store for a tire rotation and oil change.
The tires were in need of replacement, largely due to worn struts.
They gave me an estimate to replace 4 struts and 4 new tires.
When replacing the struts it would also need a alignment.
I told them to do only the oil change, and, I would get back to them about the additional work.
I found coupons on Firestone.com for $10.00 off on the oil change, and, 20% off repairs.
After bidding the struts/tires and alignment out with several other repair shops...Firestone was the BEST price.
I found their work to be professional and complete.
I dealt with store manager Tim Hurst who was extremely knowledgeable and professional.
I would definitely recommend this location, and, certainly will return...Thanks Firestone.
Art M

I have been taking my 10+ year old car here since it was out of warranty as they are within walking distance for me.
There have been several changes in Service Managers since I've been coming here and I've liked all but one of them.
I would agree with the guidelines Alex mentioned below.
They do tend to try to get you to buy things you don't need but they don't push it.
I also have to say that in my experience all car repair places try to do this so it's really up to us to do our homework and only do what our car manual's recommend.
The reason I'm rating them four stars today though is that I just failed emissions and after making several changes based on the diagnostics they were not able to fix the problem so they didn't charge me a penny ... not even the oil change I decided to get while I was there.
Sadly, Firestone thought the problem might be with the OB computer and that has to be handled by the dealer.
Today, I went to the dealer and found out Firestone's diagnostic fee is $30 less than the dealer.

Great Service.
I would recomend this company to women like myself that are to busy to shop prices and just want reliable service for reasonable rates.
They are not overpriced but not the cheapest either.
However, they won't sell you something you do not need.

As a single female that knows NOTHING about cars, I can appreciate mechanics that get the job done honestly!
These mechanics always fix my car's problem promptly and at a fair price.
I've never had to wait for service either-- maybe it's luck or maybe they are just very accommodating!
Most recently the mechanics helped me turn off a service light that goes on every 10,000 miles.
Since there was nothing wrong with the car they turned it off and didn't even charge me :)  I promised them that I would come in (knock on wood) if and when there really is something wrong with the car................and I'm sticking to my word!

