I knew we were having company and possibly showing our condo to a potential buyer this weekend, so I figured fresh flowers would be a nice treat...
I was going to pick them up at AJ's or Trader Joe's, but I decided to go check out Cactus Flower instead since it was on my way home.
Turned out, it was good timing because Fridays from 12 noon to 6pm, Cactus Flowers has "happy hour" where you can design your own bouquet!
I'm by no means an expert but I had the lady working there guide me a bit, and I came home with a beautiful bouquet with 5 iris, 1 stargazer lily, and 1 hydrangia.
It's actually really pretty and with the happy hour discount, it was just over $10... not bad!
I will say the selection was limited, and that when I looked around the store, I found the pre-made arrangements quite pricey... so I probably will return for happy hour but not quite sure about anything else.
Although, they must be doing something right - they have 7 locations valley wide and have been in business for over 35 years!

Very bad customer service.
I called them to inquire about purchasing a floral arrangement for a funeral.
Granted it was a holiday weekend but the holiday schedule on their website indicated they were open on that day.
The women whom I spoke to, told me they were not open on that Sunday and also, rather smugly told me the mortuary would not accept deliveries on that day.
She told them I had to pick up the flowers today (friday), before they closed at 3pm and hold them on my own until the funeral.
When I explained to her I was not from the area and apologetically asked her if there were other florists in the area she might recommend I try given the situation, she didn't even bother to make a suggestion.
Instead, she rudely told me that there probably weren't any that would be open, that their store had the most extensive hours in the city vs. other florists and besides that the mortuary would not accept delivery on Sundays.
Regarding her last comment.
I contacted the mortuary and they confirmed that they were accepting deliveries that day.
They too seemed surprised by Cactus Flower's attitude.
Perhaps Cactus Flower's other locations are more professional or maybe I just caught this person on a bad day (she probably shouldn't have even bothered showing up for work today).
The person I spoke to obviously didn't want any business that weekend.
I agree, save your time and find another florists.
Another florist worth trying because they were much more helpful:  Enchanted Florist.

I ordered flowers from the other web site that this Florist runs called flowershop.com  The flowers were scheduled to arrive 5 days ago and still have not arrived.
I spent about 90 minutes on the phone with the customer service rep on Mother's Day trying to convince her that my mother was not lying about not receiving her Mother's Day flowers.
They promised me follow up delivery that day, which did not happen.
I spoke to the rep a 3rd time Mother's Day evening and was told that the flowers would come on Monday.
Today is Wednesday, and the flowers have still NOT arrived.
Horrible service.
Thanks for ruining Mother's Day!
I will stick with 1.800flowers from now on!

This place is great, I have trading here for years.
I just ordered some flowers for a friends funeral a few days ago and the flowers were beautiful at a fair price.
I have found that too many people on yelp are jerks and think Yelp means "say as many bad things about a business as possible, and oh by the way, you should lie and exxagerate also!

Really less than impressed.
My husband spent quite a hefty penny with these guys, and the flowers I received, I could have bought at fry's for $15.00, and he spent 6 times that.
The ribbion around the vase was just tied, no worries with astethics, just tied, and the edges just cut, one wasnt even straight, just jagged.
I am so unimpressed.
I will not purchase flowers from them, and will be sure to tell my friends that too... Oh, and my card was partially wet thanks to the delivery driver.
Not good.. not good.

I myself am a florist in another city so I know what to charge for retail prices on flowers.
I sent my mother flowers for her birthday and picked the $50 designers choice.
Unless the price of carnations in Scottsdale has skyrocketed, this arrangement was a sad, sad value for my money.
What self respecting florist even still uses carnations?
The arrangement was tied with a ribbon around the cheap, Chinese-made vase- in a knot, no bow, jagged ribbon edges.
If you are going to be cheap, at least pay attention to detail.
What happened Cactus Flowers?
They are obviously under new ownership as this is no longer the Cactus Flower of their glory days.

I am happy with the customer service....BUT .....The two star rating is a result of  - the deceiving arrangement presented in the online picture, the lifeless look of the flowers, AND the $ price you pay for such a puny cube.
The dimensions are posted, but unless you are reading the fine print, you would expect so much more for the $70 you are paying.
I suggest going to AJ's where at least you are paying for what you get.
I suppose you would only use Cactus flower for the convenience of their delivery service.
Cactus Flower should be embarrassed for the product they are delivering.
I am definitely not calling CF again.

Thier driver must think they own the road.
As I was driving home this moring, a white ford panel van cut in front of me without signalling then got around another car and cut in front of them.
A silly thing to do with the company name plastered all over the place.
I called the company directly, but it went to voicemail.
I wonder if they'll return my phone call?

Loved working with Cactus Flower!
I worked with Corrina Chavez at Cactus Flower on my floral arrangements for my wedding earlier this month.
From consultation to final delivery the service provided to me by Corrina and every agent of the shop was impeccable.
Corrina is a visionary and was a tremendous help in suggesting in season blooms for my bouquets and boutonnieres.
Corrina helped me stay within budget and was patient and helpful as I changed the colors in my mother's corsages every time they changed the colors of their dresses!
Even during the Valentine's Day rush, Corrina put together a sample of my all rose centerpiece for me to mock up my tables.
When my Bakery needed more flowers at the last minute Corrina wasted no time with a same day turn around.
When the bouquet that I designed came in looking a little less than I had envisioned it - Corrina immediately text me a picture with her opinion and several options to improve it.
On the day of all my flowers were perky, bright, blooming, and gorgeous!
If I ever have another event needing floral - I'd work with Corrina and the Cactus Flower team again in a heartbeat!

I was the recipient of a beautiful arrangement from a friend.
So, I am giving four stars b/c I wasn't home so the driver called me and we arranged a time for me to get my flowers.
The flowers lasted well over a week and were fresh, fragrant, and gorgeous.

I met with a sales rep to discuss a quote on wedding flowers.
After about 5 minutes I was basically told they couldn't help me and shown the door.
She told me I could not get the flowers I wanted in April, only to be corrected by another florist that I could actually get them.
Then I was quoted an outrageous price per stem that I said was way out of my budget.
Instead of giving me other options and continuing with the meeting, this woman basically gave up and showed me the door.
All I wanted was a reasonable quote from a florist that I was very interested in hiring but instead walked away with nothing.
VERY POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!
What reputable business would turn down customers who don't want to pay $22 per flower stem instead of giving them lower cost options?

I ordered flowers for my mother's 93rd birthday...Cactus Flower delivered the goods!
My mother was thrilled with the colors and beautiful condition of the flowers.

I ordered a birthday "fall" arrangement and the recipient was so delighted she sent me a picture of it!
It looked just like the online picture and we were both impressed.
So everyone was happy.
I've ordered through Cactus Flower many times over the years as a long-time Scottsdale resident and have never been unhappy.
Recommended them to an out-of-town associate who used them sight unseen with similarly positive results.

I have and will ONLY have flowers delivered by Cactus Flowers!
EVERY single time, a homerun...
I have used Cactus Flowers for over 6 years and am too spoiled by their quality, service and reliability...
I'm ruined if I ever move....

I'm so surprised to read the bad reviews here.
Since my mom worked here 14 years ago, I knew they had great designers and quality flowers.
When we moved to California over a decade ago, I turned to Cactus Flower to deliver arrangements to family in the Phoenix area.
We've used them many times, often asking them to create something unique and appropriate, and we've always been totally satisfied.
The arrangements are much more stylish than typical supermarket bouquets, they are delivered when requested, and the recipients always love them.
I'm sorry to hear that some employees may have bad days and ruin the great reputation of this shop.

These folks are the best.
Every time I need to send flowers to my mother in law, they do a great job.
I always get a call about how pretty the flowers look.
If my mother in law likes them, then I know I have done well.
They are the only people I would call to deliver flowers in Scottsdale or the greater Phoenix area.
They are simply the best!

Ordered flowers for a friend at 10 AM.....they were delivered by 2 PM on same day and very well received.
What a great service and beautiful flowers.
Thanks so much.

You made  a one in a half year old little girl very happy with her teddy bear and "ice cream arrangement"  she was in the hospital for an operation!.
Thank you!

I ordered a beautiful mixed bouquet for my in-laws for their 60th wedding anniversary.
Since my mother-in-law loves orchids, I made a request that an emphasis be placed on the orchids in the arrangement.
When the flowers were delivered, I received a call from an ecstatic mother-in-law.
She was thrilled with the flowers, the color, and selection.
So much so, that she split up the arrangement to make two arrangements (Arrgghh!!
)  She was truly appreciative of the beautiful flowers.
Service was great, and timely.
I would definitely recommend.

Ordered flowers through an online site, Cactus flower was the local florist which would deliver, they called & said couldn't deliver on the day it was scheduled, said for sure next morning, next day...nothing, i call at noon, they say its on the truck, i call at 2pm then at 4pm and still nothing...& they were also very rude to the online service that would inquire with them...FLOWERS ARE FOR SPECIAL OCCASIONS, IF YOU CAN'T DELIVER ON TIME DONT EVEN ACCEPT THE ORDER!

6/2/14 - Revised rating from 2 to 3 stars as Cactus Flower sent a replacement order that was gorgeous.
5/27/14 - I've ordered from Cactus Flower 2-3 times for a friend who lives in the area.
First times went well.
Last order was not so successful.
I ordered one of their custom arrangements (one they created/named/described on their website, not available from other florists) two weeks in advance, and requested notification if any substitutions were necessary.
There were multiple substitutions which I would not have authorized.
The arrangement was not artistic in nature.
The flowers that were used did appear to be in good condition.
However, they left the flowers at the door (in Phoenix heat), just leaving a voicemail.
The recipient went outside, to find no flowers at her door.
They left them, in May, at the wrong house.
The driver was contacted by the recipient and apparently sounded irritated to have to pick up the flowers and redeliver them to the correct address.
I've emailed Cactus Flower (in response to their "How did we do" email) three times, and included pictures.
I've had no response.
Disappointing; I won't be using their services again.

