I've been going to Desert Nails since moving to AZ in June '09 and am very, very pleased with their service.
I have had pedicures and go regularly for my gel nails and always leave with a smile.
The manicurists are professional and patient and always want to please.
The owner, Karen, could not be more accomodating and courteous.
The atmosphere is also very pleasant, clean and welcoming.
I highly recommend Desert Nails.

So I drove around a few weeks ago to find my new nail salon.
I moved to this side of town in January and well now its flip flop season.
I stopped at some place next to sushi brokers on Bell/Scottsdale Rd and it looked run down.
I even went so far to sit in a spa chair and the chair massager didnt even work and the nail pictures were old and faded.I wasnt happy.. so I said I forgot I had something to do and left.
Drove up to a place in the Harkins 101 and it was jam packed..they guy yells out 5 minutes even though its clear there is a 30 minute wait.
Faked a phone call and left..well I didnt want to be rude??
Used my navigation system to check out this place right in the same plaza as my grocery store.
OMG..it was heaven.
The smell of the amazing candles they burn (and sell) is inviting.
It has modern funky decor.. great music, its busy but not too busy..just right.
I had a pedicure that was great.
Hot bubbly water, fantastic leg massage.
Also I had picked a color but the nail tech next to me had even better color on her toes.
I asked her where that color was and she said she had just bought it for herself at Walgreens and offered to let me use it.
Hands down my favorite nail salon.
Friendly, customer service is fantastic, color selection extensive and it doesnt smell like a nail salon.. it smells like a spa!

I went to Desert Nail Spa for a pedi last week with my sister in law and let me tell you...
I live in Boston, and hands down this was one of my top experiences with a nail salon ever.
Better than the "fancy" spas on Newbury Street (and of course better than the not so fancy spas on Newbury Street).
I was impressed with the spa like decor, soothing music and color selection.
Some reviewers mentioned not being able to figure out the chairs but I didn't have that problem.
The water was just on the side of HOT, which I love!
Say yes to every extra they offer.
For the full experience, it's worth $40.
They dont use the "cheese grater" skin removers (I know, they're illegal anyway) but do a decent job exfoliating regardless.
The sugar scrub was amazing; I got the cappuccino scent and my SIL chose honeydew.
The leg massage was loooong and devine, and they place hot towels on your legs.
Ah, heaven.
And the color?
It's been 13 days and not one chip yet.
I wish I lived in Scottsdale, but if you live in the vicinity, do yourself a favor and go!
I'll definitely be back on my next visit.

Whenever I'm in AZ I like to visit this place.
They always do a great job and the place always look nice and clean.
Their prices are average-I believe mani/pedi is approximately 25 $.
They take walk-ins, but I would suggest making an appointment because sometimes this place gets poppin'.
They also offer waxing services.
This is a great find.

Went here with my friend after our 'city slickers' reenactment up in Flagstaff.
I hadn't had a Mani Pedi in nearly two months, just doing it for myself at home...which is just seriously no way to live.
Shame on me.
My hangnails were atrocious...mostly because I have been a nervous wreck for weeks...but anywho!
This place smells lovely, they have delicious smelling candles burning and it doesn't have that awful nail-chemical reek you find at most spots.
They did a bomb-ass job on my pedicure...I LOVE IT!
And they apparently had a new line from OPI that I had to try and it's reallllllllly really pretty.
However, my poor hangnails got neglected, the lady did an awesome job polishing and pushing back the cuticles and squaring my nails off though.
I would definitely return, but will have to remind them to nurture the hangnails so I won't be tempted to yank on them.
Ooooh and I bought a couple of the wonderful candles.
Mmmmmm!

II just left there after the most disappointing pedicure ever.
On the plus side was lota of OPI polish to choose from and there was no wait on a Sunday afternoon.
But now I can see why.
The chairs are very dated.
It was uncomfortable, couldn't adjust the recline and could barely feel the massage.
The tech said nothing except to say how tired she was and that she had 2 1/2 more hours to work.
The mostly one handed massage she gave me was quick and lackluster at best.
She dropped the polish which broke all over the floor.
She failed to put something to separate my toes which resulted in smudging.
I had to ask for her to put cotton between my toes and after she did she didnt fix the smudge.
I will not be returning.

Quick, easy, good looking nails - done   For a quick, but still high quality mani / pedi, this is the place to go.
I usually go to my regular nail lady in a traditional salon, but she was booked, so I opted for Desert Nails, based on the good reviews.
I made an appointment, because I'm OCD and feel the need to be organized and in control.
But I really didn't need one.
Most people just walked in and proceeded directly to a nail station.
This place has lots of nail stations and technicians.
There are at least a dozen pedicure stations and they're nice with elevated comfy chairs.
There are probably at least twenty manicure stations.
They're a little crowded together, but that wasn't such a big deal because their manicures are fast, no muss no fuss.
It's fairly quiet too because most people don't talk much since the technicians are Asian and don't speak much English.
That's fine with me, it gives me a little time to relax and not have to worry about carrying on a conversation.
You should know they try to upgrade their regular services with upgrades.
For example, upgrades to the normal pedicure include a sugar scrub exfoliation to legs and feet and also a callus reducing lotion.
Since my feet take a beating, I was happy to pay the extra fee for a better end result.
Desert Nails is a good value and also a nice way to relax with minimal conversation, so you leave there with great looking nails without the pressure to carry on a newsy conversation with your technician.

Pedicures.
Vital to a woman's very existence, but to a man, as in the straight male, a concept as foreign as the exchange student from Sixteen Candles; Long Duck Dong.
In fact there's no conceivable reason for you to ever come here.
Or so you thought.
That was before your wife spotted all that stripper glitter on your clothes.
What is it about that shit that makes it stick to everything, it's as if it has glue on it or something.
Anyway, you now find yourself in the unenviable position of kissing her ass, trying to make up for boy's night out.
And what do you do?
Something monumentally stupid.
You ask her what she's got planned for the day, suggesting you tag along in an effort to spend time with her, trying to repent for your cretinous acts.
What a mistake.
She tells you she's going for a pedicure suggesting that if you're tagging along, you may as well get one too.
Everything in your machismo being is intuitively telling you to bail.
This is all wrong you quietly think to yourself, then you meet the nail technician.
Some hot Asian babe with mountainous tits and a low cut top.
This is where you realize it may not be so bad after all.
Especially considering where you'll be seated, and, where she's going to be seated throughout the session.
Hmmmm.
Ok, I'm liking this now.
In fact, I'm loving it as I vegetatively (still hungover) sit, my gaze fixed on her bags hoping to catch sight of a nip slip.
This was when the unthinkable happened.
Just as she's getting into it, scrubbing my dogs with all the vigor of someone on clothes washing day in the Ganges, her shit jiggling all over the place, she stands up, towels off, and bails.
WTF???
Turns out she was just the prep-girl who washes dogs.
The real practitioner, a large Asian woman who uncannily resembled a sumo wrestler, posted up at my feet.
I quickly surmised this wasn't going to be good.
Shit.
But even with the lack of peep show from my dream girl's successor, it turned out to be a nice relaxing event.
Especially when she rubbed my legs down with some kind of salt or abrasive stuff.
As I said, there's no reason for me to be in a nail salon, unless I consider how afterwards there won't be any glitter conversation to contend with.
It cost me around twenty bucks with the tip, and, I never saw any nip.
My first and last pedicure.

Great nail place.
I go there quite often.

Not much has changed about this fantastic place, except for some fancy decorating improvements and rearranging of furniture.
Desert Nails Spa is clean, well-maintained and professional.
The women who work here do a great job and they work hard.
Also, if you are local there is a coupon in the money mailer for 2 dollars off a manicure or pedicure, not too shabby.
The wait time is unpredictable so I would suggest calling ahead for an appointment.

I love you.

After a long week or after a big working event, I have been going to this location for some pampering.
Love it, and it's reasonable.
I usually go all out and get a manicure and a pedicure "with everything" .
A really nice staff.
My nails and toenails always looked good for weeks when I've gone.
I've never really had to wait that long to get a chair and they have stayed open late for walk-ins.

Very competent and I'm picky!
Great results and quick!

If you've read my previous reviews on nail salons, you know that I have never given 5 stars.
In fact, I have been looking for a salon to do a consistent fab job on a gel mani for months.
I have now gone to the Desert Nail Spa 3 times, and received a fabulous gel manicure EVERY time.
I never review a salon after only one visit, to make sure it is either consistently good or consistently bad - and this place is my new "go-to" place.
As an image consultant and makeover advisor, I can't have my nails looking "wrong.
"  I have seen both Cindy and Kelly and they both did a fantastic job!
The manicure was executed perfectly, shape fab and it lasted a good 2 1/2 weeks!
The owners are professional and grateful for your business - unlike other salons where they shuttle you in and out.
Honestly, it is one of the most professionally run nail salons that I have ever been to.
You can see a photo of my last manicure on my twitter page, @_DianeFaith.
I always call to make an appointment and have never had to wait.
I am beyond thrilled to finally find a nail salon that I "love.
"  Yeah!

I made an appointment to get a pedicure here based on yelp reviews.
I feel like $24 for a pedicure is a great price.
And while they do try to upsell you, they weren't pushy about it.
I did end up getting the callous remover and would get it again, it was very effective.
This will become my go-to pedicure spot from now on.
Bring cash because they have a very small credit card fee.
And if you do pay credit, they ask that you tip cash.

My old salon shut down in Old Town.
So I was on the hunt for a new one near my house.
I have now gone to Desert Nail Spa about 5 times and I am also going tomorrow!
They are quick & look great for week's.
This has been my new place to go & I don't plan on changing!

There is a reason why u  see this place Rockin on a Sunday afternoon, great atmosphere, service, vibe, and of course great pedicures and manicures!!
12 pedicure stations and 12 people enjoying the expierence!
I also see 8 manicure stations and 7 of them are full!
Plus, people waiting!
Great Business!
Lana is my favorite and my wife loves Vivian!
Easy, light hearted, clean, smiles, and friendly people!
Have I said enough?
Just try this place and u will see for yourself!

This place is not clean!
Had my nails done there yesterday but noticed that the nail stations and towels were dirty.
My nails look good but if I get fungus I will sue.
I won't be back.

