Great turnaround time when you are in a hurry, low prices, friendly people!
I have used J's for 10 years, everything done with perfection!
Go there!

J's has had an exterior remodeling, the stores look brand new!
It is time to get some alterations done, I am off to J's in Scottsdale!

J was very friendly and helpful when I came in to take the hem down on 5 pairs of pants.
Very reasonably priced, only $13 per pant.
Be aware he only accepts cash or checks!
Best of all, he had them ready the very next day and did an excellent job.
I will definitely be going back!

Mr J is the Best!
He is honest and professional.
He always has my tailoring done the next day.
I know of no other tailors that are so fast and good.
He is worth the drive from all over the valley.
He does custom work as well.
Because he has been stiffed for work, he requires payment in full up front.
Check or cash.
His prices are reasonable.
Your clothing is always delivered pressed and on hangers.
Very professional.
I have been going to him for at least 8 years and he always delivers on time.

Fantastic tailor, excellent work, quickly done at a very reasonable price.
I  highly recommend

I was a designer visiting Scottsdale from LA and a client of mine told me the afternoon I was leaving she needed one of her dresses taken in 1/4 at the front side seams as she recently lost weight...I didn't have time to alter the dress myself before I left so I grabbed it in the hopes I would be able to find someone I can trust with a $4,500 Italian lace corseted dress which the client already owns!
I stumbled upon Fashion and Tailor by J and due to the reviews I found here on yelp I took the chance!
He and his magical helpers not only took it on but were able to follow my tailor thread marks and my instructions but sealed up the lining exactly as it had been before (if not better...I was rushed the last time I altered it and I knew it would be back in another two weeks to be taken in or out anyways).
It was nicely pressed and put in a new plastic bag and I got my hanger back!
From one couturier to another I tip my hat to you J and thanks so much for being there in a pinch!
You should all go to him and refer your friends too!

Just had 3 pairs of pants altered and I am very pleased and will definitely go back.

Just picked up a pair of unfinished denim that I had hemmed by J.
The hem looks really good and I asked him to match the original hem and he did a great job at that.
I am taking away one star as he took my phone number like he would call when they where ready but I ended up having to call to make sure they where done.
Also he charged me double to match the hem which only required adding a bit of red stitching which I thought was a little much.
As an added note there is a language barrier so you may not be sure exactly what your getting but I was happy with the result despite this.
Overall I will return when I need a garment altered.

Excellent.
Great location, amazing chairs friendly staff.
Already made my second appointment.

Very pleased to find this business on Yelp.
Fast & excellent tailoring on my son's new jacket for prom - I needed the sleeves lengthened & they were able to do it the same day.
You would never know it had been done with the lining as beautiful as it originally was.
I highly recommend.

Thus far, I have only dropped my clothes off (I should pick them up in a few days, so this review is likely to be updated).
This said, my drop-off experience was so wonderful that I wanted to write a review about it right away!
The Drop-Off:  I walked inside with 2 pairs of jeans, a pair of fancy slacks, and a shirt.
The owner of the store, a sweet elderly Asian man, greeted me warmly and directed me towards the changing room.
For the first pair of jeans (flared lucky pants in desperate need of hemming) he showed me a few different lengths and asked me which I preferred.
The second pair of jeans (this time skinny) he was able to figure out the right length pretty easily.
Then I tried on the slacks from BCBG, which had a cuffed bottom.
At this point we hit a little language barrier; he was trying to explain to me that the crease on the cuff, when hemmed, would end up in the middle of the new cuff (not a good thing).
Not understanding, I did the good old smile and nod routine; he knew right away that I wasn't quite getting it and wanted to make sure I knew what he was going to do before I left.
To explain what was going on he went to his workroom in the back and grabbed a scrap from some pants, unstitched a section, and moved it to show me how the crease would mess up the cuff.
Seeing it I finally got it!
Given this experience, I am truly amazed at the dedication to customer service I received today.
I can't wait to go back and look at the end result :-)

