When I moved to the valley, I sold a lot of my furniture, with the exception of neccesities, like my bed.
Well, it was time for a new bedroom set.
So, I had done some shopping around, and the roomstore seemed to carry a lot of stuff that I like.
Thier prices are reasonable, they have a huge selection, and every time I have been in there, the staff has always been friendly and professional.
I ended up purchasing a really nice bedroom set through them, and they had it here in no time.
They even knocked a bunch off for buying a set, and I had it delivered in no time.
Staff was friendly, professional, courteous, and they seem to have an amazing selection of stuff.

Bunk beds - have you ever shopped for bunk beds?
Not many stores have them, and the ones they have very utilitarian.
We were fixing up a room for my grandchildren, and bunk beds were what were needed.
So to make a long story short, the only ones we found that fit with the decor, were at Roomstore.
This was about the 10th store we had been to, and since I am not a shopper, I found a comfortable couch to sit on, while my wife did the shopping.
The salesmen were super friendly, and very patient with her (more so than I was).
But I had the couch, and and a few  bored salespeople that came by and visited with me.
That kept me entertained, while she happily did the shopping.
Not only did she look at their bunk beds, but every other bit of furniture in the store.
They have a huge selection, and I was provided coffee so I wouldn't fall asleep.
She did find the bunk beds, and was very pleased with them, and I must admit, they look beautiful.
She also found a couch (not the one I was sitting on) and ottoman that she purchased, and they held for us until we were ready to have them delivered.
After they were delivered, my picky wife decided she didn't like the ottoman, and they took it back without question, and immediately credited our account.
It was really difficult scheduling delivery, not because of the, but because of my schedule, They were very accommodating and helpful, even though we had to change the scheduled delivery several times.
All in all, the salespeople and office staff made it a very pleasant experience.

out of all the chains we visited yesterday, this was the least obnoxious (until our final stop at a different store yesterday).
the furniture was more of what we were looking for on our budget, yet still expensive.
we are both somewhat stingy when it comes to our budget, and i've worked in a furniture store, so i know the ridiculously enormous price markup it involves.
our salesman was friendly but didn't hover and let us know about all thier payment options without trying to finagle a purchase "right now".
but it wasn't in the cards today for the roomstore.
we left without a purchase.
so, not good, not bad, just ok.

My sales guy was "Jim Fenton", he made everything sound like a great deal (typical sales guy) but in the end conned us into signing up for a 1 year payment plan that was "0%" interest, sounded like a great deal.
We set up auto pay to come out of our debit card.
One year later it turns out Jim set us up for minimum payment and we now owe 28% interest.
When we called the store didnt care and avoided talking to us!!!
I will never shop there every again, and would encourage anyone considering going there to follow my lead.
The furniture is absolute garbage anyways.
It sinks, falls apart and is basically all particle board!
SO UPSET!

I had a terrible  experience with The Roomstore in Scottsdale AZ.
I spent over $6,500 with them, which included a couch, bedroom set, and a mattress.
Our sales girl Lisa Farah assured my wife, mother, and me that if we did not like anything there would be no trouble returning anything within 30 days... but that is certainly not the case.
I tried to return our  $2400 mattress after 6 days... but was told by both Lisa and her manager Brent Richey, that if I returned the mattress...
I would have to pay a fee of $860!
They said this was the discount I got when I purchased all my items from them.
So I tried to return everything... but was told that returns on furniture were only possible within 5 days!
I am shocked at how The Room Store and its sales people conduct business.
I really feel like I was scammed by my sales person and her manager.
Stay far away from this store.

my husband and i were looking for  day bed for our guest room   Allison was AWESOME!!
She was so helpful and took care of everything for us - even when we had problems with the delivery service, she handled that as well so that we didn't have to deal with them,  Allison went above and beyond on all levels of customer service.
A true asset too this company!

I think these reviews are fake.
I paid $2,800 for a bed and they delivered a broken headboard.
Customer care would not take care of the problem after several phone calls, because they said that I had inspected the item and signed off with it upon delivery.
Not true since the delivery guys did not assemble it but just dumped it off at my house and asked my wife to sign while I was at work.
Not the first time I got ripped off by the Room Store.
There won't be a third time.

WATCH OUT before you finalize the sale at this place; your life will be miserable if you ever changes your mind.
They have most misleading advertisement; bundled pricing list, item price next to the photo does not represent the same item.......High pressure salesmanship, they just want to shovel the items into your hands and no one will recognize once you are out of the door!
We purchased a bedroom set on a Sunday afternoon and they were going to deliver the items on Monday.
After reviewing the orders, we decided to make a switch on the bed to save a couple of hundred dollars,  WORST NIGHTMARE EVER!!!
After they breakdown the sets to pieces, not only we were not going to save any money, they were going to do us a favor by given us an event exchange.
The listed pricing on mattresses were $278 each; we need to return the box spring since we are going to change the bed to a storage bed.
The mattress is now $450 by itself.....no where state.
It is not the money, it is the principle that we felt mislead.
We asked the store to honor the listed price based on advertised $278 each; the answer is NO.
The fact that we have made several major purchased with them in the past, it meant NOTHING.
I cancelled the orders and purchased the same set plus more at Living Spaces the next day.
NIGHTMARE CONTINUES -  Remember I cancel the orders and they never made a delivery... but they will not refund the charges to my credit card for 10 - 15 business days.
Company policy they said, spoke with the assistant manager, can't help; GM Robert Thompson never bothered to call me.
They have lost a loyal customer over $200......they could careless.

Let me start my review off by saying I did not purchase anything from the store.
With that said my husband and I went in just to get a feel for what kind of furniture and prices they offer.
We were greeted by a sales associate who introduced herself and told us to let her know if we needed anything.
After about five minutes of us walking around she came and found us and asked if we needed any help.
We did have a few questions so she began to answer them and then tried to get us to look at a bigger, more expensive sectional.
Again not that big of a deal since we are in the early stages of deciding what kind of furniture we want in our new place.
The sales associate was pretty helpful in showing us different color options and fabric options that were available.
However, the moment I told her that we were still in the early stages of deciding and that we were not going to be making a purchase today she practically shoved us out the door with her business card and said if we had any questions to let her know.
Now I understand that they are on commission and are trying to make a sale but shoving a potential customer out the door because they weren't going to buy right then and there is absolutely unacceptable and in now way will earn my business.
Needless to say because of how we were treated we will not be returning to purchase any of items we were shown.

