Have been going to this bead store for years!
They have a Great Selection, and are reasonable, they will order if they do not have what you want !
Best price for sterling silver findings !

Double Joy Beads has become my favorite bead store in town.
A few weeks ago, on a whim, I decided to check this place out.
I am very glad that I did!
This place is great.
It has the most complete and largest  (and very reasonably priced) Swarovski crystal collection that I've seen in Arizona.
They also carry fantastic silver, gold and other metals in chains, clasps and findings with very good prices.
The two women working there are friendly and will answer questions when asked.
I really like their inventory; quality and diverse.
I like this store so much that I took the afternoon off of work today just to make the 20 mile drive to their store.
I know that I will return.

I have never been treated so rudely in a retail establishment ever.
I went to the shop with my daughter, her friend and my niece...all young adults.
I showed a picture of the project we wanted make to the woman working there and she scoffed at me.
I noticed she was playing Solitaire on her iPad...apparently we interrupted her game.
She then proceeded to tell us that she would have to open the door and turn on the air conditioner because her mother, the owner of the store, would be back soon and is extremely allergic to fragrance.
The girls and I had body lotion on, this is the desert for crying out loud, and not one of us had perfume on.
Then the mother arrived, there was a brief conversation behind the curtain and she walk out with a towel over her mouth and nose commenting on having to open the door.
Seriously?
Unfortunately we had picked out some stuff to buy and I'm sorry that I spent the $68.
I could have spent more but the experience was so distasteful that we hurried out.
If I knew how to give less than 1 star, I would.
It was unbelievable.
I empathize with the woman and her allergies, but the situation could have been handled so much better.

No stars for this bead supply.
While the inventory is medium at best, the prices are reasonable.
However the staff is rude and unfriendly, extremely!

