I have to tell you living here feels like a resort.
When my family and friends come over they say the same thing.
Unfortunatley, when it comes time to re-new my lease, they always want to raise the rent.
I understand its very dependant on occupancy rates & time of year, however, it would be nice to be rewarded as a loyal & dependable tennant!
I would love to give them 4 or 5 stars, but 3 is my max because of leasing changes.

Been here a week and at first seemed nice, but have a MAJOR Cockroach problem.
It's disgusting.
I've spent hours during my first weekend here hunting them down in the kitchen and killing them because their weekly pest control visits (should have been a red flag) are making me wait till Thursday.
Sure I'll just live with the cockroaches for a few more days!...Oh and failure to disclose the serious pest infestation issues.
Some friendly advice for others, Lysol cleaning spray kills roaches within seconds.
Your Welcome.

We lived here 3 years, 2007-2010.
Never had much in the way of major issues, although our storage closet had rats they did nothing about and the rats chewed up our christmas tree.
The maintenance guys we met who worked there seemed nice and helpful, and we really liked the amenities like the pool, bbq's spaced throughout, and the decorative waterfalls.
Our real issue came when we moved out.
Our cats scratched up the relatively new carpet, so we were understanding when they wanted to use our security deposit to replace it.
However, after taking our ENTIRE deposit to address that issue, they tried to charge us over $600 in extra fees!
I had to go into their office and spend almost an hour discussing the charges one by one until they dropped them to less than $5.
They started by offering to shave off $200 for repainting... the manager tried to write that off as a mistake on their part, since they're supposed to repaint anyway.
(Why didn't they shave that off right away when I called about the charges?
)  But then they wanted to charge us another couple hundred for fixing burn damage to a kitchen counter.
We  KNEW we had noted that damage on our move-in paperwork, because it was there when we moved in, but they had no record of that because they couldn't FIND our move-in paperwork!
What the hell.
Last but not least, they wanted to charge us $50+ to pressure-wash some run-off sidewalk chalk our kids had decorated the front sidewalk with (they claimed it was for renting the pressure washer).
Funny, I had just talked to a maintenance guy before we moved out, about the pressure washer the guy was using, that he told me Camden OWNED.
We dodged that one because the check-out list didn't include entryway and sidewalk standards as something tenants are liable for.
By the time I left the office I felt like a freaking lawyer.
Anyway, we left feeling like they'd tried to screw us with any charge they felt might stick.
After three years of paying rent on time and being good tenants we felt we deserved better.

