Awesome Pain Management practice with great doctors.

I scheduled an appointment with the Dr.
He never came in.
The PA came in for 5 minutes.
He barely did a physical exam.
Never even tested for reflexes!
Complained to the office manager.
Had to track her down and keep calling to reach her.
Horrible practicioners and patient service.
I found another Dr.
Complete different attitude.
She did a complete physical exam and spent time with me.
Never go to AZ Center for Pain!!

I have been to the clinic many times over the last five years or so and I was always pleased before this last year.
I am sorry to say the service here has gone straight downhill as it is an office that cares more about covering their you know what than the patient.
I am very fond of Dr Rubin, but you can't even get into to see him any longer as all he does are the surgical procedures - I know because I asked.
While the staff is friendly, the system they have in place does not work.
Drug tests are done without disclosing costs, billing quotes aren't even close to what is owed, and the many times I requested help and clarification on it all I was passed from person to person to person.
Staff forgot to call me when they had authorizations from my next procedures, their medication system is run like everyone is a drug addict, and their is just no doctor patient relationship development what so ever.
If even took me about a month to get them to release me back to my original doctor so he could manage my pain and my meds.
I strongly advise you to find another pain management clinic.

I am shocked to read such negative reviews about this clinic.
After my original PM doctor retired, I had a really hard time trying to find a new doctor and clinic I trusted and felt comfortable with.
Before finding this clinic, I had other doctor's prescribing me all sorts of different things and trying to do all sorts of medical procedures that I had already had done and knew didn't work.
Dr. Rubin and Aaron told me up front that these procedures would not help my condition and decided on another course of treatment.
I see Aaron(PA) and he is always very professional, courteous and supportive.
I have never had a problem getting an appointment and I have never waited more than 10 minutes past my appt.
time.
The staff is super friendly and the office very efficient.

BE VERY CAREFUL OF LUMBAR PAIN INJECTIONS.
Get yourself well informed before you do this!
I had severe pain caused by two bulging/herniated discs so I had this procedure done on them (just once).
Now, at age 47 (with no family history) I have cataracts in both eyes just a couple years after having that done.
Prior to scheduling cataract surgery I saw three eye doctors and all said this is usually from steroid use.
The only steroid use I have ever had was these two discs being treated.
BE CAREFUL.
Those doses are not as safe as told!!!!!!!!!!
Check the facts before you have this done!

