Marty provided an estimate for a removable pool fence.
These fences are made of fiberglass poles with synthetic mesh "fabric" panels.
I received several other estimates for my yard, including wrought iron.
I was looking to enclose a large pool (over 90 feet of fence) to protect my small children from pool access while maintaining some convenience of use and accessibility to the pool.
I was immediately impressed with Marty in contrast to my other estimates.
First, his price was very competitive.
Secondly, he was the ONLY person who actually looked at my pool and the deck layout and suggested an optimal fence layout.
My deck has all sorts of weird cutouts.
I originally though the fence should follow the deck line.
Every other estimator just gave me a price for what I suggested, and they never suggested something else might be better.
Marty took one look at my yard and considered my suggestion, and he politely offered an alternative layout.
I am not a pool fence professional, people!
I need someone who does this day in and day out to tell me what is ideal.
Marty did this, and now that I see the final results, his suggestions were completely spot on.
During his estimate he showed me samples of the mesh fabric, the locking mechanism, and the fiber glass poles, and explained why his product is better.
For example, it is made in Florida, not China, has much stronger poles than many others out there, and has a color that will not fade.
He showed me videos and pictures of the fence in action.
He had all the information ready for me.
No one else had that level of detail in the presentation of the product.
In fact, no one else had any detail at all other than "google mesh fence and you will see some pictures.
"  He also suggested a cheaper, better alternative of a gate (the manual lock) rather than upselling me the more expensive self-closing gate.
When I asked how long to install, having been told by other companies I was in for a 3 week wait due to order times from the manufacturer, Marty said as early as three days - he keeps product in stock.
Sure enough, 2 days after I called to tell him I wanted the fence, he was at my house installing it.
He even fought off some ridiculous mud from a leaky sprinkler system to pour some concrete for some off-deck poles and trimmed hedges back.
The fence looks great, and there were no problems.
He drilled extra holes to pin back sections (at our approval) and provided hole covers.
Seriously - another bid told me that they don't provide covers for the holes because the manufacturer doesn't provide them not in these poor economic times.
What?
The point of the removable fence is to get rid of it someday, and that means capping the pole holes!
Marty left my backyard and deck clean.
Marty was a great guy, very professional, and has been doing this a long time.
As he will tell you, he is not a "weekend warrior" or a fly-by-night pool fence company.
He does a lot of fences through a national name and offers great pricing and warranty.
I would highly recommend his services and product.

I just wanted to give an update, since it's been six months.
The fence still looks great, everything functions well, and we couldn't be happier.
Also, Marty installed a fence on my parents pool in Yuma, AZ.
Yes - he drove all the way down there, because he will service that area.
Their fence, too, also looks great, and they are very happy with it.

Talk about service, Marty had our estimate done and fence up within a week!
Very happy with the layout and especially appreciated the honesty with which he approaches his work (a quality not always seen today).
He didn't try to sell us more then we needed and actually made some very helpful recommendations.
While looking we had it down to two companies and decided to go with Marty because he really helped us with our questions, how long he has been in business, the look and feel of the product and how he didn't force anything on us.
We went with the composite mesh fence and love the look.
Our first priority was safety and thought we would be sacrificing the look, but after installation it looks great.
The pools are not stiff and have a little flex to them so be aware of that, but the functionality still allows for the required safety.
As Marty said these fences are not designed so that you don't have to watch your children by the pool, but they are designed to give you additional time in case they do get curious.

Marty was incredible to work with!
He did a wonderful job with our pool fence- showed up on time and the fence is fabulous!
We would recommend him to anyone!

Review is long over due.
Marty came out to my house and did a fantastic job and saved me  a few hundred dollars as well.
Pool fence has been up for 3 months and I have zero regrets on using the fence without the self latching gate.
Would definitely use him again.

I just had my fence installed by Marty.
He is very professional and delivers on his promises.
He showed up at the time he stated and began his work.
We opted for the self latching gate.
Unfortunately, the gate did not arrive at the same time, but he assured us it would arrive the next day and promptly came the next day to install it.
Overall I'm very pleased with the Process and Marty is what sets this company apart!

Couldn't imagine having used anyone else to install our pool fence.
Marty scheduled the appointments himself, was always on-time, and gave us the best price of the companies we spoke with.
He installed the fence within a week of our first meeting and it was done within a morning.
The fence looks great and it was a pleasure to work with him.
We've already recommended him to a couple of friends!

I found Marty on Yelp and I'm glad I did.
His product is far superior to the other companies in town.
The poles are nearly indestructible, and when you have kids that go at 150% all the time, you can't settle for the inferior aluminum poles that the competitors offer.
Marty was punctual for every appointment and talked us through all of our options and pricing upfront.
Marty is a class-act and will definitely receive my highest recommendation for his pool fences.
When it comes to protecting your family, Marty should be your choice too.

Marty & Dane did a fantastic job!
We could not be happier!
Listen to all of his advice; he knows what he's doing.
It's obvious they're professionals who know their trade and love their work.
I chose Marty over others we got quotes from because he has a superior product, but after installation I am most impressed with Marty's care & concern.
He went above and beyond to make sure our entire pool area is completely safe for our family.
Make sure to watch the Protect-a-Child YouTube videos on post strength when you compare his product to others.
When I did, it became clear to me that I was going to go with Protect-a-Child fences.

No complaints whatsoever.
Marty and Dane did a great job.
My work schedule is pretty hectic but they were able to accommodate to my early schedule.
They did a great job.
Fence looks great.
You can tell that these guys knew what they are doing and are true professionals.
I highly recommend them to anyone.
Thanks again!

