I have to say that I am very happy with my recent visit to Just Brakes.
We needed our rear brakes replaced and I forgot that we used Just Brakes for our last repair and part of our service was still under warranty.
The mechanic explained what we needed done and showed us the worn parts.
My wife asked about an additional repair another shop said we needed, which they quoted at over $1400.
Our Just Brakes mechanic said we did not need the repair.
So I assume the other shop is dishonest or incompetent.
Either way, thank you Just Brakes, you have earned a loyal customer.

Got a call from Luis at the Just Brakes on 90th St today-- I had approved rotor replacement but he had looked at them and decided they could be turned instead, saving me almost $400.
How often do you see that kind of honesty these days?
Gave me a ride to work and dropped the car off promptly too.
I am very satisfied.

* this review is regarding an oil change I got on 10/23/12*     So, I had to get my oil changed.
HAD to.
I was driving around for over a month with that pesky little maintenance required sign lit up.
So I finally bit the bullet, stopped being lazy, and bought a groupon for a $12 oil change at just brakes.
I called to schedule my appointment and they said they could get me in ASAP.
Sweet.
I went in for my appointment and met Tom.
He tried to upsell me a little on different oil change packages and while I probably should've taken him up on that, he didn't pressure me or try to convince me any further when I said the basic oil change would be just fine.
He said he was going to check my car and make sure nothing else needed to be done.
So, I sat in the waiting room for 20 minutes before realizing he wouldn't be coming back out and my oil change was in process.
That's when I decided to take a walk.
Overall, the entire process lasted a little over an hour.
Kind of what you'd expect from an oil change i think?
When it was time for me to pay my sales tax (like $1.50 or something) Tom had a laundry list of other ailments my car had.
I chose not to take him up on those other procedures (totaling close to $400) and figured I'd rather risk it.

I have definitely experienced better!
Let's see, so I first brought my car here to get the brakes done and they did a pretty good job, although, every time I'm in reverse, my brakes do make a squeaking noise.
Not sure what's up with that.
Anyway, needless to say, they did a pretty good job on my brakes.
Since my last brake job, they have switched managers and the service has kinda gone down hill.
I brought my car in to have the control arm bushings done.
They quoted me a little under $500 to have this done, which wasn't really that much cheaper than the dealer.
The dealer was about $50 more and would have given me a loaner vehicle to use.
Anyway, I brought my car in to have them work on it.
I dropped it off at 12:00pm, which was my scheduled appointment time.
At 2:30pm I received a call from the manager stating that they ordered the wrong part and couldn't do the work on the car today.
He told me I could either pick it up or just leave it there.
I'm not sure why it took 2 1/2 hours to figure out that you ordered the wrong part...but I didn't have 2 days to spend on having my vehicle repaired.
I mean, my whole day was pretty much wasted.
I decided to pick my car up and call around to see if there was another repair shop to do the work I requested.
I wound up finding Kelly's Automotive Repair in Fountain Hills to do the work for $357 including parts, labor, shop supplies, etc.
Needless to say, because Just Brakes was incompetent in ordering the wrong part...and taking 2 1/2 hours to figure it out, they lost my business.
Silver lining is that I saved over $100 by them doing that.
I'll probably bring my car back for them to look at why my brakes squeak when I back up, since they were the last ones who did my brakes.
Other than that, I don't really trust them anymore.

I am very unhappy with my experience at Just Brakes.
I had an appointment for front brakes.
When I got there, the manager told me he had to inspect the car to verify what I needed.
After 1/2 hour, the technician had the hood up, and was snooping into the engine.
The wheels were still on the car.
When I asked him why they were not doing the brake job, he said they hadn't finished the inspection.
And he said that after the test drive, he determined I have a rotor problem too.
I had just visited another service station, the day before, and the tech assured me that the rotors were fine.
So, I took the car, without any work being done.

