Have played the north and south courses many times.
They are both usually in great shape and the greens are usually kind of fast however in the last couple of years it seems that there are more ballmarks that go unfixed.
The north is the more challenging.
The south might be a bit more fun to play.

We had a lot of fun on this course.
We played the South course.
Pretty good price, course was in good shape, nice cart people, beer cart girls, and rangers.
Another plus is the food was really good back in the clubhouse when we finished.

The North Course is one of my favorite courses around.
The course is always in great shape, as they do not have any water restrictions (on the reservation) and no homes on it either so the mountain views are unobstructed.
The course plays 7100 yards off the tips as a par 70 so it is a long sucker.
They give you the fairways but you have to hit a decently long ball to score on this one.
The bunkers are brutal and some you cant see out of.
Their service has always been better than the other troon courses, especially troon north, where they treat everyone like scum.
I may be partial to the course because I always score well here, but I think it is a blast to play, has great views, and I've never seen it in anything less than stellar condition.
It's not We-Ko-Pa or Grayhawk, but dammit, it's a fun course.

had the the opportunity to play talking stick.
excellent course.
wide open fairways and some great Bermuda greens.
staff is great and priced like everyplace in the Arizona area.
would have liked to see some water hazards like some other courses but you are in the desert.
look out for coyotes they are everywhere.
check it out.
you can usually get a limo ride from the hotel if you call the pro shop they will sent one for you for a small fee.
have fun.
Good restaurant and bar on site also.......:)

Played the North Course last week and really enjoyed.
We were fortunate enough to play with a regular and he really educated us about each hole.
The course is in outstanding condition, provides a good challenge for a 15 handicap.
and is run very professionally.
The service at this course is excellent.
It is the 8th course I have played in Scottsdale and to this point it is my favorite.

I love playing golf and have never played in Scottsdale....until this business trip where I had the opportunity to play in a tournament at this course.
Despite the 105 degree temperatures, I had a great time.
It's a good thing I live in Vegas and have done this many times.
For my 300th review, here are my thoughts on the South Course:  - The driving range is grass, so you're hitting of natural stuff....not mats.
Plenty of room at the driving range to accommodate the tournament players and regular guests....one of my pet peeves is a crowded range during tournaments.
- The course is kept in great condition.
Normally, around this time of the year they start preparing for overseeding, which means they'll dry out the course and it can be unplayable....not here.
Great condition.
- The course is pretty wide open, so it's somewhat forgiving.
Can be fun for both beginners and scratch golfers.
- The greens weren't too fast, but rolled true for most holes....you can't ask for much more than that.
- The rough isn't too bad if you're off the fairway.....but beyond that and you're in the desert.
Beware of the rattlesnakes & coyotes (see pics) if you decide to go get your ball in the desert.....I decided that a $2 ball is not worth it.
- The bar at the clubhouse has a Hop Knot IPA on tap that is amazing....a great way to end a day in the sun!
Will I return?
You won't have to ask me twice!
Fun track!

Just a quick note about the North Course for all of the people coming to Scottsdale this spring.
Talking Stick was a very well managed beautiful course.
I would give the course 5 stars!
The condition of the course was fabulous.
The greens were playing true and tight.
User friendly for the not so "target golfer".
Not too much water , desert, or sand.
The cart girl made the rounds in ample time.
The ranger was hoovering for no good reason.
We paced out at 4:15.
If they did not make the cart options on a few holes so confusing we may have been faster.
We paid $80 per round, but I hear the rates during spring training are going to be around $179 for visitors (cheaper than a room at $159).
If you like this style course I would check the prices at Orangetree Golf Course, similar style and great shape!
I would skip the lunch and just have a draft beer.
The food was not good and the bottled beer was not very cold.

got to play both courses in 1 day and both are  great courses.
the south course might even be better then the north even though it doesnt get the talked about as much as the north

-Ridiculously high summer green fees.
(no discount for staying at resort) -Friendly staff and beverage cart girls -Beautiful, somewhat challenging course.
-Constantly monitoring, hovering ranger.
Hurry-up golf - unacceptable.
We had some scratch golfers riding our foursome all morning and the ranger was rushing us along too.
He asked us to close the gap in front of us by dropping mid-fairway on one hole- we offered to let them play through.
We finished 18 holes in 4hrs., which is a totally acceptable, somewhat quick, round of golf.
Needless to say, they will be getting a nice letter from me voicing my displeasure with this.
When I am paying that much for golf, I want to enjoy it, not be rushed through there.
Nice course, but because of the rushed treatment - two stars.

Not a typical desert course.
Lush, green very very very  wide fairways as the tribe  owns the water supply.
The course is  flat and not much dirt was moved with the only interesting aspect being some of the blow out bunkers.
Lots of better choices for the visitor to Scottsdale.
Positive is no homes around the course and plays over 7k from the tips to a par 70 so the big dog gets to eat----a lot.
Service is top notch as is typical for troon managed courses.

Talking Stick Golf Club is a beautiful and private venue.
I got married on the lawn overlooking Four Peaks last October.
Mark (the manager) and Dru (the wedding coordinator) are very professional and personable.
They did an amazing job making sure everything was flawless for our big day.
The ceremony and reception were absolutely perfect.
The views were amazing, the staff was excellent and the food was phenomenal.
We couldn't have imagined a better place to have our wedding.

Weddings!!
My husband and I spent months (literally!!
) searching for the right wedding venue on our budget.
We honeslty had run out of places that we could afford and were getting very discouraged by it until a friend had suggested the new Talking Stick Resort.
After doing a little research I found out about the Talking Stick Golf Club.
We visited and were instatly sure this is where we were going to have our wedding.
What an exciting feeling!
We met with Dru and went over menus options and pricing and amazingly everything fell into our budget.
We decided on a self serve Italian type dinner and the price per guest was very reasonable!
And it also included the free soda, coffee and tea (which no other place was offering and was a big selling point for us!!).
Dru and the team were amazing.
My husband and I couldn't have asked for a more perfect wedding day.
Everything we asked for was done.
The location was spectacular, as we had a lot of out of town guests and wanted to show how beautiful the desert can really be.
The building was a fantastic area for the reception and every one of our guests still comment about the building and the staff.
If there was anything we had concerns about, Dru was there to handle it all.
She even ran out iPod DJ for the wedding ceremony :) DO NOT hesitiate is having your wedding at Talking Stick Golf Club!!!

Had trouble booking on line so called and they booked us at the clubhouse with no fees.
Driving range was nice and well kept.
Putting green huge and true to the course.
We played 6 holes and the skies opened.
Headed in and they gave us a tee time the next day for free as we were visiting and could not use the credit.
Very friendly staff.
South course is resort.
While a 2 handicap may not feel challenged, I would love to bring my staff that does and does not play golf for some beers and golf.
The good guys would be okay and the newbies would be okay too.
The coyote is around and should not be trusted.
I think golfers are feeding him.
Fees on 9/11/12 were 43$

Fantastic golf experience!
Private feeling, professional, and welcoming.
This is a very original golf course outside of scottsdale.
We played here in the springtime in the early a.m. just before it got too hot and humid.
The boxes and greens were well manicured throughout and the fairways were beautiful and challenging at the same time.
The scenery surrounding is classic arizona with backdrops of the massive jagged mountains and the scorched desert plains.
It is amazing how they can keep this place looking like such a gem even during such hot weather.
The greens were hard and the grass was very short, so the short game was fast and difficult for the entire round.
The bunkers are huge and create good difficulty on most of the holes.
I only managed a single birdie but left feeling great about the round all together.
The staff was first class.
We had fresh towels in hand and clubs cleaned quickly so we were off to lunch without hassle.
The clubhouse is classy and the lunch was tasty.
Sit on the balcony and enjoy a beer as you watch the others tee off and slice into the brush, haha!
GO HERE!!!

Expensive, high end resort golf course that is great to have fun with wide fairways and tough greens.
Easier to recover on errant shots as it is forgiving off the tee.
The service is good and the food is great.
I had a great bloody mary from the cart girl that was excellent.
The driving range offers free range balls that looked better than the balls in my bag.
My only issue is it is rather expensive and I am used to paying less for nicer courses.
But overall it still gets 5 stars as it is a fancy golf course that offers a great experience.
The north course is fun but we didn't try the South course yet.
They offer filtered water on every other hole which we needed as it was hot today.

Talking stick is a fun course to play.
Offers a bit of everything and is very well taken care of.
You are able to have fun here if you are a beginner or a veteran golfer.
The reason for 3 stars and not more is simply because I think there are simply better options within the same price point.
The service was great and everyone was very friendly.
They have a great clubhouse and the course is very forgiving.
I had a blast playing here but I felt that the quality of course increased as my trip went on.
The greens were in great shape and were very hard and dry as were the fairways so your ball just rolled forever giving a nice jolt of confidence as you stand there with your chest puffed out admiring your drive.
I would definitely recommend this course just try to find a deal on the price.

I've read the reviews before playing and got me interested.
After playing, I'm not sure what you all saw in this course.
I played the North and the South on the same day in mid March as part of our annual mancation.
We paid $320 to play both courses on the same day.
Here are my thoughts.
Either courses lacked any real feature.
They were flat and boring.
No elevation changes, no scenic desert scape and the holes were generally boring in design.
Just a flat course in the middle of the desert.
There are plenty of better courses in Phoenix that are cheaper and way more entertaining and challenging for much lower price (500 club, ASU Karsten, Papago, Dove Valley, etc...).
If you want to pay this kind of price and enjoy the scenery as well as challenge, try TPC Scottsdale, Ocotillo, Raven, Triology, Troon North for starter).
I'm not opposed to high green fees just as long as they provide value.
On the day of the course, the greens were rock hard and didn't hold a single ball - not even a nine iron on to the front of the green.
When we got done, none of us walked away with 'oh, what about that hole' with any enthusiasm.
For the price we paid, this was not much better than a muni track.
Sorry TalkingStick, you're just a stick.
On the positive, the staff was generally friendly and helpful.
However, the Marshall did nothing to keep the guys in front of us at pace with the group in front of them.
I suppose that's why they took the 'Marshall' tile away and gave them more benign 'player assistant' title.

Played South Course.
Wide open fairways and fast greens.
Thought I lost a few drives and the wide fairways kept them in.
Good fun confidence boosting course.
Paid $50 on GolfNow.

