I came to SW Spine and Sports after going to another pain center in the Valley that operated like a factory... getting people in and out as quick as possible and pushing them into as many procedures as they can.
What a night and day difference between that place and SW Spine and Sport.
I have seen Dr. Wolff and Dr. Komar and Ashley the nurse.
They are all so incredibly nice, patient, caring and knowledgable.
They really take the time to listen to you and to work with you on a treatment plan.
I have never felt pushed into any type of procedure that I was not comfortable with.
I have had numerous spinal injections from them at the Gateway Surgery Center (also a great place!
) and they have done a great job.
I have had much relief under their care!

I have been a nurse for over 25 years.
My back has had an extreme amount of wear and tear from moving patients and I have chronic back pain.
Dr Wolff and his professional team are the epitome of high standards and care in the field of medicine and pain relief today.
I have seen him 3 times in 15 years and each time have been able to achieve complete freedom from pain.
Absolutely the best care!!

I have been seeing Dr. Kumaraswamy for almost a year.
She is bright, articulate, caring, understanding and nothing short of great!
She has done a few procedures on me that have been life changing!
She is the epitome of what a doctor should be.
The office staff are very proficient , kind and professional.
It's a rarity to wait more than 5 minutes.
Thank you Dr. K and SW Sport and Spine

One of the worst front office staffs ever in medical history .
Patients are treated poorly and totally disrespected .
There is something wrong when patients are treated like faceless cows .
The doctor and PA are good but getting to them is really unprofessional.
Bad experience .

Horrible.
Terrible.
If you want pain relief stick your head in a blender.
Thats far better advise then dr. k. They dont know and they dont care .
dr k compassionate?
my foot.
she stinks if you real want pain relief go to a dr that liostens and understands and has experience

They may help in the short term but trust me you will pay for it in the long term!
Take your wallet and whats left of your spine and get outta there!!!!!
My neurosurgeon says "they are performing witch craft".
Do not I repeat do not get talked into the PRP and the Stem Cell it is BS!!!!!
Definitely do not get a discogram it is excutiatingly painful and prooves jack shit according to the neurosurgeons.
They sent me home and did not even check up on me ever!!
I tried these guys for over 2years and I am way worse off because of it.
They misdiagnosed me and did extremely Painfull expensive unnecessary  so called treatments, all while lying and manipulating me because they new I could afford their expensive procedures.
I feel like Dr.Komars personal ginnie pig.
Plus thier front desk staff is RUDE.
I Hate this place!!!!!
I'm writing this because I think people in to know this information.

