While no one is ever a fan of having to get blood drawn I have to say, this location and this experience, there is no better.
The front staff was nice and polite, even though the place was packed and we were a tad bit late for our appointment.
They took us back right away.
I had Jeannie, who is beyond BEYOND the nicest and most professional I have ever encountered.
I have to get my blood drawn from my hands as I have non existent arm veins and she was gentle and kind and did as I asked rather than try and fight me on it thinking she might know my body better than me.
If you have to go and get bloodwork done, this is the location.
Top notch all the way!

I am a fan, yes but although the techs here are really nice and friendly and super helpful, I've had a couple that were not.
Overall though, the techs are good and it is best to make an appointment or you could be waiting for 40 minutes or more.
Just go to their website and pick out the time that works best for you.
I've had some really good techs that were so good, I barely felt pain when the needle was stuck in me but I've had some not so good ones recently.
Guess it's a hit or miss situation...

I was very impressed with the skilled techs and efficient reception area.
I was in and out of there in 5-10 minutes both times having barely felt a needle prick!

Not impressed.
Front desk competency is inconsistent.
At busy times the staff is visibly overwhelmed.
I've had to go back twice because of their mistakes.
Too bad Sonora has a monopoly.
Competition would be a good thing for them and the consumer.
The customer should not have to observe or hear their comments when assignment overload occurs.
The billing procedures are strange.
They send out separate bills for each test.
They have yet to figure out how to put all the charges on one sheet.
Just when you think you've paid all the charges, more are mailed out separately.
A negative rating would fit Sonora just nicely.

They have moved from 91st St to Ironwood Dr. Could not find the place as there were no signs .
Went to the previous address and found another 4 people looking for the place.
So we banded together as many of us were fasting, went back to Ironwood Dr, asked 3 other business before we found the place.
Remember, the other 4 were elderly.
When one of them told the receptionist our experience, all she said was, "we are working on it".
The receptionist was also unwelcoming and not pleasant.
When I was in line, and was looking for my insurance card, I placed my prescription on the counter and she immediately  told me to step back " for privacy reasons".
I said,"Maam, I was just placing the paper on the counter.
When my turn came, I was still looking for my card, and she quite loudly said" don't move away from the counter".
I said.
"look, I am looking for  my insurance card".
As I went back to my chair to wait, I could see the other patients nodding, agreeing etc.
I was telling one of them that the receptionist could be more  polite when the "Technician" or the head shouted that they can refuse service to me.
I said fine.
I recommend another location, not this.

