I guess I should've looked at Brian S's review before I dropped off my clothing at Prestige.
Or, maybe I should've listened to my boyfriend when he told me to ask at Prestige how much each item would be for dry cleaning.
Of course, I didn't... and for that I was punished when I received the bill.
$16 to dry clean a Banana Republic dress that probably cost me $50 to purchase.
That's ridiculous!
Ready for more insanity?
1 shirt/blouse - $14.10 (it had beads on it but still!
) 1 dress (another sundress) - $18.40 1 pair of capri pants - $9.10 1cotton blouse - $8.10  Total damage - $65.70  Yes, I am extremely embarrassed that I wasted so much $$ on dry cleaning that I could've had done at the $1.99 cleaners instead!
I would have saved $55.70!
That is a lot of money!
Needless to say, I will not be back to Prestige unless I go to pick up Jared's shirts there.
I guess that's the only decently priced item.
He gets them laundered for $2.25 a pop.
Good luck to you and your high prices, Prestige Cleaners!

Incredibly rude and poor service.
The guy had the audacity to whine that my laundry wasn't separated while treating me like an inconvenience and my clothes as if they were gross.
If I was going to separate my laundry I would have done my laundry at home instead of paying you a premium for the service.
To test I offered to separate it next time to which he replied 'would be nice'.
It was so unexpected and offensive for a fluff and fold business I left thinking it had to have been a joke.
But it wasn't.
How in the world they stay in business is mind boggling.
Beyond that the socks weren't matched/combined (other places I go have been fantastic and I'd never thought to write a review).
I've had better service at a near ghetto L.A fluff n fold and this is over double the price Prestige in Scottsdale, simply unacceptable.
It was just a horrible experience in every way.

Two weeks ago I brought in five shirts, three to be washed and two to be cleaned.
To make a long story short they ended up washing one of the shirts that was supposed to be dry cleaned and shrunk the shirt one full size.
To add insult to injury the color of the shirt has changed from white to beige.
I asked for my money for the shirt--after all it was relatively new and I could no longer wear it--and they told me they could stretch the shirt back to its normal size.
This sound odd to me and didn't address the color problem but I let them try.
Their efforts accomplished nothing.
Again, I told them I would like my money back and they said they would have to take it up with "corporate".
In addition, the girl behind the counter tried to suggest that she doesn't even have a record of  my bringing in a beige shirt.
I reminder her that I never brought in a beige shirt, I brought in a white shirt.
I left the shirt with them and I have yet to hear back from these people.
This experience has been a wake up call for me.
Prestige is ridiculously expensive and their service is less than average.
I have never brought in a shirt and had it come back stain free.
A respectable business would make good on a garment they destroyed.
Clearly Prestige is not a respectable business.
If I don't receive the money I paid for the shirt I will take them to small claims court.
The shirt cost  one hundred and ten dollars and it will most likely cost me more than that to sue them, but there is a principle involved here and these people need to abide by it.

7.10 per shirt, and 8.50 per pair of slacks for dry cleaning?!
Omg, that's TRIPLE the cost of their competition.
on top of that, rude service.
I won't be back here, how are they even in business?

