Um, yeah, not what I was expecting at all.
Honestly, the meat patties where really thin.
I'm glad I ordered a double because I woulda been like that old lady in the back-in-the-day Wendy's commercial: "Where's the beef?

I needed a quick lunch today after doing some errands during lunch today.
I ordered the #5 which is the bacon cheeseburger, fries and a drink for $6.58.
The burger tasted good but is not quite on par to a Smashburger or Culvers.
The fries were average, nothing special.
I did like that the size of the drink was rather large, I'm too lazy to constantly get up and refill those puny small drink cups that you normally get with the combo.
I will definitely return to Whataburger when in the area and in need of a reasonably priced meal.

My 1st memory of Whataburger was in the early 80's in Southern California sometime before I was 10 yrs old.
We had one on the main drag of the city I grew up in.
It was gone by the time I was a teenager.....however, I remember the distinct orange & white striped building and the Burgers.
I was excited to finally give it a try as an adult.
I ordered a Whataburger ($2.64) w/Bacon ($1.17) & Cheese ($.49)....and the cashier suggested I add Jalapenos ($.49).... http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93E1eOQ2bQG0OyIMqdcTvg?select=YKkzLz967qEgfA5eqyqLdA yes, it's really a la carte pricing, LOL!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93E1eOQ2bQG0OyIMqdcTvg?select=Wb0gZDFFQxcuphBQ9eHCsQ  I was really hungry, so I also ordered a Honey BBQ Chicken Strip Sandwich ($4.64) & Sm Fries ($1.39).
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93E1eOQ2bQG0OyIMqdcTvg?select=MJOS72B9ZlfsPbsNsznntg http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/93E1eOQ2bQG0OyIMqdcTvg?select=rjwgNh2n7fSapWGco38MoQ  The Burger was OK, nothing special.....it did taste just how I remember it.
The distinct flavor of the Onions & Mustard in the Burger brought back memories.
The Chicken Strip Sandwich was above average, which surprised me.
The Chicken is real, White Meat Chicken Breast, and the BBQ Sauce was decent.
The Fries were just OK.
Overall, it was an OK meal for a fast food joint.
Return Factor - 71%

WAS expecting the deliciousness of In-N-Out times two plus the options of Five Guys.... NOPE.
Pretty much glorified cafeteria food.
Hard store-bought bun, white iceburg lettuce, and limp pickles.
No unusual hamburger combos (like blue cheese, arugula, etc).
No juicy beef patty.
No fresh, ripe ingredients.
No like!
Plus the sodium on their fries is enough to cause a person to contract acute pitting edema :)  Why all the hype?

Fast food breakfast done right here.
Pancakes are actually made to order, with real batter on a real griddle.
No microwave flapjacks here.
Taquitos not bad either, and biscuits are above average too.
Friendly staff to bring out the food.
Teens working the counter seemed a bit goofy though.

It may be silly for a vegetarian to review a hamburger place, but we need our fast food fixes too!
My boyfriend, a meat eater, and his friends, also all meat eaters, really like Whattaburger a lot.
I, on the other hand, would take In-n-Out any day.
To put it simply, Whattaburger's grilled cheese is puny.
It's about 1/4 of the height of an In-n-Out grilled cheese, the lettuce and tomato are on the sad wilty side, the bun was cold (if I hadn't been rushed through ordering I could have gotten it toasted apparently), and there was only 1 slice of cheese.
Truly a sad little grilled cheese.
Whattaburger has a decent green salad and the french fries are delicious.
On another (late night) trip here I got the breakfast and liked it a lot more.
Naturally there are a lot more veggie options for morning food, and I can happily recommend any egg/cheese combo on a biscuit.
Anyways if you are coming here because everyone else wants to and you are vegetarian, Taco Bell and 7 layer burritos are right next door :).

We have a trade concept here in America whereby the patron pays for an item, and the vendor hands over the item paid for.
It's that simple.
And, it works at most places in America, except McDonald's.
At McDonald's, you pay for something at one window and hope to receive it at the next.
But McDonald's doesn't believe in this concept.
McDonald's believes in taking your money at one window and at the next, instead of handing over your food, they hand you nothing but a friendly smile and request you pull ahead, saying "We'll bring your order right out when it's ready.
"  Fundamentally, this concept is wrong on many levels, but for the sake of verbosity, I'll spare you all but two.
First, as I said, I paid for something at the window.
I want to leave the window with something other than some Mexican kid smiling at me with his gold-rimmed tooth, asking me in broken english to please pull up.
Second, I beat my ass in traffic to cut-off the car turning left into the drive-thru, and now, that fucker has his food onboard, and is likely picking at his french fries.
While I on the other hand am parked in the penalty zone for ordering something I knew they'd have to make fresh....something I knew they wouldn't have sitting under those little heat lamps for the last two hours.
So I stopped going to McDonalds.
Their sixteen year-old 'managers' AND their 'please pull ahead' concept can suck a big one.
This is why I go to Whataburger.
At Whataburger, I can get their signature burger, 'The Whataburger', (wow...go figure) a coke and large fries for somewhere around eight bucks.
My burger also has lots of mustard, pickles and jalapenos, (on request).
All stuff I enjoy.
And, they never ask me to pull ahead.
Something I appreciate in a fast-food place.
Whataburger.
Where the only time you'll hear the person at the window ask you to pull ahead is when you take too long rifling through your bags, trying to find some salt for your fries, but are too stoned to locate practically anything.
Note: I love Whataburger so much, I bought one of their baseball caps online.
(see photo),

The drive-thru is SO slow it's painful However, their burgers, fries and shakes keep reeling me back in........

This is high quality for fast food.
They've got a creative creative menu with healthy options and high quality meats, not that mystery stuff at other fast good places.
It's clean and the folks are really nice, generous even when it comes to the side sauces (which are also higher end) or recommendations.
I've driven through here a number times and the experience has always left a great taste in my mouth.
Can't imagine it getting better than this for fast food so this location takes the mark.

First and foremost, it's a fast food hamburger joint.
It does have some very interesting items on the menu and so far the only place I've found that offers Jalapeno's.
I like the fact that they bring the meal to your table, which beats standing around crowding the counter while they cook it.
I'm not quite sure why they bring the little tray with the condiments and napkins as well.
Is it cost control or just they way they do it.
Anyway, It's not like the others in many ways and should not be confused with any of the huge national brands.
They are unique and should stay that way.

A lot of my Midwest friends rave about how good their burgers are, being from California I've never had the opportunity to try one, until today.
Immediately I noticed the size of the bun, this thing is huge!
I enjoyed the burger and fresh ingredients, the bacon and jalapeño added a great touch to the burger.
I guess I'm spoiled in California with options such as habitat burger and burger city , i would not say this burger is better than In-n-Out or Fatburger , sorry friends.
Customer service was nice, I liked how the cashier comes to your table with all the different sauces you can have.
Tried the spicy ketchup, has a nice mini-sized kick too it.

Whataburger is by far one of my favorite fast food burger places.
Yeah other big fast food giants get you with those "dollar menus", but Whataburger has the tasty burgers doesn't matter what the price...like I always say YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET.
My personal favorite is the double with cheese, jalapenos, and bacon on a Texas Toast bun!
However, they have healthy options, chicken strips, and even breakfast.
If you're a burger freak like I am and cant decide what to eat, stop torturing yourself and just head over to Whataburger.

I drove past a Whataburger in Lafayette, Louisiana for years and never bothered to stop in (it was right in front of Sam's Club).
I didn't know anyone who had ever eaten there.
Moved here and finally decided one evening I would take the plunge, since In-And-Out was further than I wanted to drive.
And I reallllllly wanted a decent burger.
THE GOOD The patties on my burger had a good flavor and the beef didn't seem overly fatty.
The onion rings (which I think were prepared fresh for me) were pretty decent.
Even though it was a large order, I wanted more.
The malt: not half bad!
Now bear in mind that Lafayette, Louisiana has one of the only (if not THE only) Borden's Ice Cream Shops left in the country, conveniently located just off the campus of University of Louisiana at Lafayette.
It still makes REAL malts, shakes, etc.
So I'm spoiled.
But it was good to taste the malt; I find shakes bland and seldom order them.
THE NOT-SO-GOOD The overall burger taste was bland, uninspired.
If there was mustard, ketchup or mayo on the burger, I couldn't find it, at least not enough to enhance the flavor.
The chopped lettuce fell out of the burger with each bite, making more of a mess than I would have liked.
And the lettuce was bitter.
The fries: again, nothing special.
The large serving was plenty--I didn't finish them.
And since I despise cold fries, the remainder went out for the birds to nosh on the next morning.
Got the spicy ketchup.
What's all the yelling about with that?
Ketchup with a little (tiny) kick.
Meh.
(And I was given all of three containers of it.
)  Overall: I can now say I'm no longer a Whataburger virgin.
But I wouldn't make a special trip just to go to one again.

Someone before me wrote "You get what you pay for" meaning that this place isnt cheap but the quality is really good.
I can only agree on that it isnt cheap......
I tried a big bacon/cheese burger with jalepenos, fries and the whatachicken thats like chicken tenders/nuggets.
First of all the burger did not look very nice and had more of the "Five Guys" scruffy sadburger look but without the "FG" taste to it.
The fries where soft and the chicken tenders where tto big with a thick layer of breading and superdry in the meat.
I would say this was one of my lowpoints when it comes to american burger places having tested In n out, Fatburger, The Counter, Wendys, Sonic, Jack in the box, Five Guys, Hodads etc etc.......
The price is not very good for the quality with a meal price for burger, fries and soda at around 10 $.
I would take my money and go to In N Out for a cheaper juicy quality burger but maybe thats just me.......

Definitely not a fan!
I would not go there again.
I ordered the cheeseburger which was not very hot.
The burgers are quite large which for some people would be a good thing, but I thought it was rather dry and tasteless.
I also ordered the patty melt which tasted better, but the three burgers were expensive and very disappointing.
The bun was dry and tasteless, the burger over cooked, dry and also tasteless.
I would not recommend nor go there again.
There are a lot better burger choices out there!

Best fast food burgers in this town for sure, and open 24/7 too.
It's my go to for good food fast!

Whataburger is so much better than McDonald's.
There is a new McDonald's at Granite Reef and McDonald Dr. SOOO bad.
Three tries and I'm done with this location.
Went to this Whataburger and had a very tasty burger.
My new favorite fast food burger.
Friendly staff.
Wait inside was a bit long but the burgers were fresh and hot.

