This is one of the worst time share places  I have ever  stayed at.
It needs better regular maintenance and some updating might help i.e.
spend money on bathroom, some new TV's and paint.
If you dont want to hang out there you are in trouble because nothing of note is within walking distance.

Went on a 'Stay-cation' getaway with Nico this past weekend at the Scottsdale Links Resort.
We had a wonderful time here!
The check-in process was quick and painless.
Staff was very friendly and helpful, plus it's fun pretending you don't know where the closest super market, Starbucks, and bars are.
Technically, we really weren't sure as we rarely come up to North Scottsdale.
The one bedroom condo was perfect for us.
I'm fairly certain this complex used to be apartments or owned condos.
It was very roomy, had nice furnishings, and was CLEAN...which is always important.
I'm not sure if the last reviewer was having a bad day or just a big snob, but we felt the condo was nice enough for what we were looking for.
All the amenities of home, plus a workout center and nice pool.
Speaking of the pool, as some reviews I read online claimed the pool was very small.
It wasn't super small, but it wasn't huge either.
There was always plenty of room in the pool and on the pool deck.
We even brought in our cooler of adult beverages and nobody bothered us about it.
Nice chairs to lounge in and very close to the fitness center where the restrooms were.
This was the second time we've used our vacation club (time share) and this place was much nicer than the unit we had in Hilton Head, SC.
I would recommend this property to anyone who has a car (it isn't close to anything walking distance), interested in being in North Scottsdale, and isn't looking for the Ritz Carlton-ish accommodations.

Maybe I've stayed at too many cheesy timeshare condos-but I thought this place was great.
We went to AZ on a vacay with my parents-and it was plenty of room for them, my husband, my aunt, and our baby.
We were in a three-bedroom ground floor unit-and I thought it was very nice.
Our bedroom opened up onto a private little patio with table-and the living room opened out onto the same one.
Great for early morning/late night relaxing.
I thought the pool was perfect for families, and loved the tranquility pool (18 and older) for those times that we were able to get our parents to sit so we could enjoy some R&R.
You have to have a car, but it was close to good shopping, as well as a Trader Joe's-so groceries were covered.
What was the best about this place was the customer service.
They were always ready and willing to go the distance.
They even provided outlet covers so we didn't even have to worry about baby-proofing.
I would come here again-it was a great get-away.

Okay, I'm rating this as a RESORT, which is what it bills itself as, and not as a hotel.
With that in mind....
The pros:   First, the staff is very helpful and courteous.
This  is a major plus for any resort or hotel, but the staff here were just extraordinary and the concierge staff were willing to spend their time to help out.
They kept this from being a "1" star review.
Second, the rooms were airy, well lit by windows and lights, and the kitchen was up to snuff.
The cons: The pool, excercise room, and spa area were small.
The pool had a children's fountain area that did not work.
The were renovating units which made moving around difficult.
In our 3 BR unit the bathrooms were standard hotel fair.
One of the master bath's sliding bathtub/shower door kept falling off.
The kitchen sink disposal did not work.
The laundry area's sliding/folding doors were not on a track which made opening/closing them a nuisance.
One of the 2nd BR's smoke alarms kept going off at random times.
The walls needed painting and some of the moldings were not attached properly.
Peet peeve time....maybe I travel too much and have been spoiled by hotels that include internet/wi-fi free, but the wi-fi at this 'luxury' resort was $7 per day.
With 2 computers (his & hers), that's $14/day.
And I could go on, but you get the picture.
What is worse, from what I understand we were staying in one of the recently updated rooms.
Overall, a disappointing experience from a "Diamond" resort.

i have not stayed here yet, but will be in early september.
so why am i yelping and only giving 1 star you ask?
well i aquired a deal thru livingsocial.com to this wonderful sounding and looking place.
made my reservations easily and am anxiously awaiting my trip.
my boyfriend gets a call from them the other day asking if we are interested in attending their timeshare talk.
if we go and waste 1-2 hours of our already small vacation we will receive 2 free nights stay and some $ incentives.
i am appalled that they would even ask!
i am even more appalled that livingsocial would sell a deal to a timeshare!
(they are next on my shit list)  When my bf explained that I have no interest in attending they asked if he may be interested in leaving me for just a short time to listen to their speil.
to me timeshares are a waste of money and something that most people don't have enough of these days!
so am i looking forward to spending my weekend at this place?
not really.
i feel like i'm headed to a cult and i better beware of the kool-aid.

This resort used to be an apartment complex.
The mailboxes are still there, half of them hanging open.
There is a hot tub and two pools, usually just one is open.
There is always enough parking.
No elevators.
Jim at the front desk was very nice.
He offered for security to take up my bags for me since there were no rooms available on the first floor.
My boyfriend and I were visiting for a week to check out apartments in the area, so this was good for us.
But, if I were to visit here for a vacation, I'd be very let down!
The room was pretty darn dusty, there was a ring in the toilet bowl, the bed had crumbs under the covers and the bathroom smelled like mold.
You have to pay for wifi which I think is absolutely ridiculous this day in age.
I probably wouldn't stay here again.
It could have been a lot worse, but it easily could have been much better.

update a little late, but better late than never!
really nice place to stay.
seems like an old condo building turned timeshares.
large 1 bedroom, 1 bath condo fully furnished.
the front office provides coffee and tea.
nice pools and bbq's for anyone's use.
my boyf went to the front desk to ask something and was gone for about an hour.
when he got back he told me he listened to their spiel.
i was more annoyed that we needed to leave to get to sedona and he decided to listen even through we had no interest in buying.
all in all a nice place to stay.

Great location, landscaping and people.
The pools are big and heated.
The timeshares are large and nice.
Overall great place to go and stay!

Bottom Line: Not really a "Resort" & Beware of WiFi pricing!
A colleague and I stayed in a 2 bedroom unit.
Luckily we were there primarily for work (a writing retreat), otherwise we would have been deeply disappointed with this so-called "Resort".
I have visited many DRI timeshare properties, and this is the most drab and depressing of all.
It has no resort feel to it whatsoever.
It is more like a humdrum apartment complex, and I suspect it may have started out as such.
It is a collection of dreary, monolithic apartment buildings with no landscaping to add charm or relieve the institutional feel of the place.
The apartments are 3 stories with no elevators, so you have a 33% chance of being stuck in a 3-story walk-up.
(Luckily we were on ground floor, which I requested in advance because I have bum knees.
) While all units have patios or balconies, there is nothing pleasant to look at from them, just more dreary dark walls.
The pools and BBQ area are tucked away invisibly behind the front office, not centrally located or spread in pockets across the property as in most resorts, so even that does not provide any visual relief from the ugly monotony of the place.
Once inside, the unit itself was comfortable and spacious.
The beds were wonderfully comfortable.
Kitchen appliances and pots/pans were of good quality, and the kitchen was well stocked with utensils, though the knives were terrible.
(Thick and dull to the point of being not only frustrating but potentially dangerous to use.
)  The heater/air conditioner was so noisy that we often turned it off for relief from the racket.
TV service was poor - while the main TV had HD capacity, the actual service was analog, and most shows had an old style videotaped looked to them.
We also could not find the usual menu function anywhere on the channels or remote, so there was no way to see what was on without scrolling through the channels.
Our other big gripe was price gouging for WiFi - they charge $29.95 PER DEVICE for WiFi connection for the week.
Each of us arrived with a laptop for business and a tablet computer for casual use - that adds up to $119.80 for the two of us to have WiFi on both our devices for the week.
There's no reason for this except greed.
These days I've come to expect resorts/hotels to set up WiFi connectivity on a per-room/suite basis, not per-device basis, or to include it at no extra cost.
I booked my sister and her husband in here through my timeshare when they were visiting over the holidays.
Now I understand why they were merely minimally polite in their comments about the place, and I regret having stuck them here.
Never again!
There are many other very nice hotels, resorts and timeshares in this area, including DRI's own Villa Mirage nearby, so I would recommend looking elsewhere instead of Scottsdale Links "Resort" if you want a genuine Scottsdale resort experience.

A converted apartment compound, there is more parking lot here than resort.
Our TV was 20 years old, the furniture was uncomfortable, and the decor showed less effort than a hospital room.
The chorine hot tub burned your skin, and the only bench in the weight room barely held together when I was using the limited and medievally racked free weights.
The unit wasn't insulated and the roaring heater barely worked, so we froze and had to shout.
Oh, and they made you pay for internet - daily.
Totally insulting.
The only redeeming feature of this resort were the sheets, but again, the bed in our room was only a double.
Apparently Links likes to cut corners.
It's the worst timeshare I've ever stayed in.
I'll think twice before booking Links again.

I've stayed at this resort twice.
My visits were in April of 2012 and April of 2013.
The Links Resort is a nice, clean, quiet place with a condo type atmosphere.
The rooms are nicely appointed with modern flat screen tv's in the living room and master bedroom.
Both units I stayed in had full kitchens and accessories to do your own cooking if you wanted.
There are 2 pools.
One is their Tranquility pool which is the smaller, more private of the two.
The large pool is huge.
Plenty of lounge chairs, tables, and cabanas.
There is also a very large hot tub, and a neat water fountain feature for the kids.
The restrooms in the pool area are big, clean, and modern as well.
The reception area is staffed 24 hours a day and has fresh coffee on hand that is free for guests who stay there.
There is a handy mini-conveinient store inside the reception area that sells beer, soda, milk, juice, snacks, water, and some basic household necessities.
This place is a timeshare and we ran into many "owners" who were very friendly and didn't seem to be bothered by us "renting" for the weekend.
The resort staff were extremely polite and efficient.
The rates are comparable to a stay at nearby hotels which makes the Links Resort an even better value.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone staying in Scottsdale near the Airport or West World Event Center.
I noticed that my phone connected automatically to the Wifi at the resort without having to do anything.
I use AT&T so perhaps they have a new system..not sure.

Just spent my last weekend at the Scottsdale Links Resort and have to say I am very impressed.
This was a quick stay near home vacation right in the heart of the valley of the sun.
The spacious room made me feel right at home.
Full service kitchen and wash room to help my long stay comfortable.
The rooms are so large you can move around easily.
The patio is fully furnished you love to just sit on the patio and relax.
Even the pull out sofa bed was mighty comfortable because it memory foam for the extra comfortable feeling.
Nice size flat screen in the family and master bedroom.
This is the perfect location to bring the kids and family.
BBQ grills with nice open cabanas.
Along with a HUGE pool and a beautiful sprinkler system for the kids to play.
There is a clean workout room for all the fitness fans.
They even had movie night by the pool where they had a super duper large inflatable screen to watch a movie with the kids.

This resort is nice but does have some issues.
The family pool is very nice and family friendly.
There are daily kid friendly activities including a couple 'dive-in' movies at the pool - so fun!
They also have more adult activities - water aerobics, etc.
and the staff is friendly and helpful.
The workout room is nice and the kids loved being able to play on x-box.
They have chess under one of the pavilions - it is a tougher game when it's 2 foot pieces rather than having a bird's eye view over a standard board.
There are also ping pong tables & grills.
There is not a restaurant on site but there is a "resort store" that is fairly well stocked and the prices, though high, are not at the "OMG" level of most resorts, and food trucks are scheduled to come by daily - we never got anything but they smelled amazing.
The units are well sized and generally comfortable.
The master bath can only be described as a resort bath - in the downstairs unit it is full of cupboards, a wonderful oversized tub/shower, huge counter - even a make-up desk (I'm sure there is some official name for that, but i don't know it).
In the upstairs unit instead of the cupboards there is a hot-tub - nice.
The downside is that some of the units are quite dated (old TV's and furnishings) though some units have been and others are being updated.
They have high end kitchen gadgets (blender, toaster, pots & pans, coffee maker all by Cuisinart) but low end and old dishwashers (bottom end GE) and refrigerators (it moved each time we opened the door).
The kitchens seem like they are supposed to be stocked for cooking, but they are obviously not checked between guests.
Last year we didn't have cooking utensils (spatulas and such), this year we only had one small frying pan and one stock pot.
When we complained, housekeeping was immediately sent with a full set of pots & pans (at which point we had 3 stock pots, one large & one medium, one large & one small frying pan).
The only measuring cups are the 2 cup liquid ones, so we used a coffee cup to measure the pancake mix - it worked but....As with most timeshares, don't expect knives you can actually cut vegetables with - they bend & slip.
On this stay we found our unit had dirty walls, a non functioning outlet, and an outlet that had a grounding prong broken off in it.
The dishwasher leaked badly and the top rack was broken.
The leak was clearly an ongoing issue due to the water damage stains below the sink.
One of the dressers was broken and an arm was falling off one of the chairs.
The veneer (more like plastic wallpaper) was coming off the kitchen cupboards.
They had cleaned the carpet before we arrived, which we appreciated, but it was wet when we arrived and still damp the following day - ugh!
You pay for wifi, which I generally dislike,  but they charge you just under $7 a day per device which moves it from dislike to outrage.
Oh, and if you listen to the time share presentation you learn that silver level owners get free wifi - which might explain why the rest of us are charged so much.
There is a notice in the unit that they will charge you for missing pool towels, but our unit did not have the correct number stocked in the first place but the staff did correct this.
We went from 4 towels in a 6 person unit to like 10.
As this is a time share resort you will be offered a presentation (if not a member) or an "educational" seminar if you are a member.
The sales pitch is pretty high pressure (they don't like taking "no" for an answer) and they always spring a "once in a lifetime good only today deal"...and when you pass on that they have another deal to offer.
They say the presentation and follow up take under 90 minutes, but expect this to be a 2.5 to 3 hour process.
On a positive note, the kids LOVED the activities they had for them while we were at the presentation - they tie-dyed t-shirts that are awesome!
They did crafts & played games - lots of fun.

We picked this place thinking that it would be similar to our Marriott Canyon Villa.
We had a lock-off available so we booked this place..WOW what a disappointment.
Converted apartment complex, old furnishing, no internet, no elevators.
Dirty couches, extremely old bathroom.
A very depressing place, which we only stayed a few days and book the rest of our week at the Canyon Villas...I will never book a week at a Diamond Resort again.
This is the second time we stayed at one and it was disgusting.
We did spend a couple nights in the Desert Oasis, a brand new unit absolutely beautiful...
So if you like old, crappy units this one is for you.

Did an exchange from our home resort, and so glad we did.
We do however get tired of every time we do an exchange, we are sent to a concierge to pressure us into taking a tour of the resort or a presentation about their wonderful organization.
We are very happy with our arrangements and we don't want to listen to that stuff anymore.
But this resort was very comfortable and the 2-bedroom unit was very roomy for us.
Full kitchen was nice, and both baths were nothing fancy but fine.
DVD player was included but not hooked up, so I had to do that myself.
Big plus--a separate pool for those over 21, so we had a quiet "Tranquility" pool to go to.
Staff for the most part was very friendly and helpful except for the people who kept trying to get us to go to the presentation.
Annoying!
Just keep saying "NO!
"   However, it served us very well and we wished we could have had a second week here!
We will be back!

No doubt a very hot place to be at during summer but my family and felt right at home here.
Check in was very fast and efficient.
Folks very friendly and one of their services includes signing out DVDs for the kids to see in the room at night.
Special thanks to Jay and George at the resort activity center.
Despite the heat and crowd they were always motivated,  positive,  helpful and extremely capable.
They took care of activities for all kids regardless of age group and never neglected one overt the other.
They were truly the heart of this resort.
The 2 room apartment was spacious and comfortable.
The cleaning could use a bit more attention since we found nail clippings inside the pull out couch and hairs hanging from the bathroom fans.
Other than that everything was clean and in order.
I'd visit again for sure.

