Owned by the Phoenix Coyotes the Alltel Ice Den is a ice skating/hockey rink in North Scottsdale.
The Ice Den has two rinks which are in use by the Coyotes and various leagues through out the year, but they have public skating times as well.
On Friday nights they have a skate night which has a DJ woohoo!
I believe they have one aimed at teenagers and one aimed at kids.
It would probably be embarrassing to go now, but my friends and I loved it in high school.
Writing this makes me want to find out what other times they are open to the public!
Although I'm not great I'm a pretty decent ice skater, and wouldn't that be a fun way to escape the heat and get a great workout!

Very fun!
Hadn't been Ice Skating in years.
My husband and I decided to try it out since we were not sure what the weather was planning so didn't want to risk hiking or biking.....had a bit of a panic when I thought I had forgotten how to skate but it turns out my skates were one size too big ... makes ALL the difference.
The place is kept very clean and the ice is looked after well.
Lots and lots of families here .... great place for the kids....nice to see so many smiling faces.
My husband wiped out trying to perform some bizarre move....so I was entertained....he is fine by the way.
Afterwards we had a burger and a beer  at the 18 Degrees bar located   in the ice den overlooking the rink.
Overall a fun time : )

Great ice and very affordable shinny.
They have a fantastic pro shop as well and tend to have some good deals.
Worth checking out.

Evan's awesome.
Great at figure skates, fitting, mounting, etc.
My daughter LOVES him AND her new skates!

This place is a hit for the entire family.
Last night was the first night that we were there and it wasn't packed to the gills.
Last weekend they had a Alumni Coyotes game and another tournament and it was jammed packed.
The kids ice skate and Lynn and I enjoy a relaxing evening in 18 degrees bar and grill.
Have to say the whole family enjoys a night out at the Ice Den.

This was a GREAT experience!!
The kids had a blast and there was even BLOOD and loose teeth!!
I got a great Groupon deal and took the kids and thier friends.
The open skate sounded like it was a short amout of time but it was the perfect amount.
The only complaint I have is the crowded  area in the front was a little frustrating when trying to get to the bathroom!
It's hard to run through people on ice skates when you gotta pee and there are little kids left unsupervised running willy nilly.
LOL  The little food place was nice and the wait staff was GREAT.
And the prices were affordable.
We will surely go out there again and I suggest it to others.

Last weekend we went to the Ice Den with my nephew and niece.
They were having Holiday ice skating for $10 a person for 2 hours.
It was a pretty big Ice Skating rink and the staff was dress up as Rudolph and Frosty.
We all had a great time.
If you are looking for a place to go Ice Skating,  you should check out Ice Den in Scottsdale.

Went on a holiday skate, which is $10 for 2 hour public skate, including rental.
Not too shabby.
The rink is well maintained and large and the staff is really nice.
There are various choices in places to eat and drink and also a separate rink for hockey games and hockey garb as well.
Not too shabby for something fun and inexpensive to do.

The Ice Den is great and well thought out.
They have a café, a bar and 3 hockey rinks.
It looks clean and seems very well run.
So far everything is nice, but let me share my experience more in detail.
Once out on the ice I felt like Bambi, since it had been a dozen years or so since I ice skated last.
My biggest obstacle was these pegs in the front of the skate, that doesn't exist on hockey skates and hockey skates is all I have ever skated on in my past - but since these were rented and they all were the same, there was nothing to it but embrace this new and most unfamiliar experience.
There is a few personnel skating to keep order and help out amongst the hoard of children and inexperienced skaters alike in this desert ice rink.
Especially one man in his forties, seem to have an avid napoleon complex and acts with a self-infused authority and speaks down to children and adults alike.
The following conversation takes place when he skates up to me after I have fallen on the ice.
Skate Nazi: -"You need to tie your skates tighter.
That's why you fell.
" Me: -"No, I was caught by surprise when these pegs caught the ice.
I am not used to skate on these girl skates, see wher.." Skate Nazi: -"FIGURE skates" *Obviously insulted* Me: -"Yeaah!
' *Obviously amused, by the fact that I stepped on this clowns emotional toes*  It wasn't what he said, it was the tone of the importance out of which he feels in charge and in control.
I so wanted to be kicked out of this establishment, but I wasn't.
All personnel here is very nice, and I like the bar.
I admit that after 20 minutes my feet was in pain, and I no longer enjoyed the act of skating.
The reason it doesn't get a 5 star, is NOT the Skate Nazi but the fact that there is way too many people (and by people I do mean kids) on the rink and the same time.
It is chaos, but then again maybe that's just a sign that I should sit on my front porch in my rocking chair and not be ice skating.

a figure skater's dream facility!
beautiful ice surfaces with perfect ice texture.
a big pro shop with plenty of goods.
attached restaurants.
friendly staff.

I had a fun time at this place.
Not only did I get to watch the Phoenix Coyotes during a morning skate, but then I got to play hockey immediately after.
I was so pumped up!
What I liked about here is that you can get very close to the Coyotes players.
The fan area is just separated by a queue strip, and it is right next to the entrance/exit to the practice rink.
The ice surface that I played on was pretty nice, too.
I was surprised at how good of a turnout there was for a noon pickup game.
Everybody was nice and the price of $13 for over 90 minutes of ice time was worthwhile.
There is also a snack bar up front, and it looked pretty nice.
The only bad thing about this place is that the main restroom did not seem to be maintained well.
It was clean, but I noticed that there was no toilet paper nor seat covers anywhere, nor were there paper towels by the sinks.
That seems just gross, if you ask me!
Overall, this rink is not perfect, but it is not too shabby.
The Coyotes need fan support, and so they'll gladly let you in to watch their practices.
I am glad I skated here, and would gladly play on their ice again!

I've had mixed feelings growing up in the Ice Den (back then the Alltel Ice Den).
Sure, the ice is great and I've had fun as a social skater on the weekends, but the service here has been very troublesome.
With the nature of the job, mostly teenagers work to supervise the rink, some more invested than others.
Not that this is a bad thing, but I bring up this fact because many times I have witnessed bullying among kids here.
Not the friendly kind you see within the same group, but the kind where one kid gets harrassed by a group constantly throughout the night.
It's a bit short of tackling, but harsh words can do it for some kids.
In these scenarios, sometimes the teenage staff are incapable of stopping it.
I used to feel safe growing up here, but now I'm not so sure.
Maybe the staff has changed for the better, but the rotating nature of teenage staff makes me unwilling to take my kids to such a venue if they want to learn how to ice skate.
Maybe better for private lessons, but not the public weekend hours.
If I could change the reveiw, it'd be 2.5 stars.
But because of the overall experience, without the bullying it'd definitely be 3.
Teenagers should stop being ****s to others these days.

The Ice Den excels in all areas as an ice skating rink.
The staff is professional and respectful, from the guy who hands you your coffee in the cafe, to the manager (don't know his name, but he is always there and always says "hi" with a smile).
My daughter takes lessons and the girls and guys that teach are always helpful and seem like they like doing it as well as enjoy the kids.
They take very good care of there equipment and facilities.
The skates are well maintained.
The ice is smoothed over by the zamboni at the same time so you are not skating on rocky ice.
They are always clean and the place looks as new as it did on their grand opening.
It is pretty much always busy, which is a testament to there reputation.
It can be a little crowded but they do have people on the ice to run crowd control and help anyone who needs it.
The shows that they put on from time to time are very well done and there are always hockey games or practice going on, which are fun to watch.
The one thing that I can say about the Ice Den is that they are professional from the time you walk in the door, to the time you leave.
I cannot say anything negative about them.
This is a good thing since my daughter is obsessed and it looks like we will be frequenting them for years to come.

Nice facility!

The Ice Den, or should I say their pro shop,  is nearly the only place in the Valley that I will let come close to sharpening my hockey skates.
I always get a 90/75 FBV cut on my skates and they always do a great job.
I shovel ice during the hockey season at the Coyotes games, and it is extremely important to have your skates sharpened correctly.

Great spot to Chill out :).
Kids having a blast learning some skills.
Come check it out, coaches are awesome with the kids.

