BEST NAIL SALON IN ALL OF SCOTTSDALE!
Friendly staff!
Always do an amazing job on any service!!
Fast and efficient!
Prices are reasonable!
Great location, CLEAN!!
Wonderful experience every time, been going for 2 years!
LOVE THIS PLACE!

I think this place is consistently good.
I have gotten many pedicures here and I am happy with it every time.
I also started getting the gel nails and love them.
I always went in on a walk-in basis and never had to wait long.
I don't like that you have to give a cash tip.

I think this is my favorite nail place.
It is your typical vietnamese run nail shop, however, it seems that my nails last forever when I get them done here.
Usually my manicure peels or chips in 4 days.
After all I have 3 year old twins and I am washing and soaking my hands in water all day long.
But, I just noticed it last time, my mani lasted over a week.
I couldn't believe it.
My pedi would last about three weeks if I wouldn't get bored with the color.
Although I am partial to Bubble Bath, once in a while I switch it up and use other colors.

Great mani's, pedi's!
Very thorough service on everything.
Huge polish selections, lots of technicians, several pedicure levels and all designed for total relaxation and pampering.
A friend took me here 2 years ago and I also come back even if I go to other places that are more local to home.
It's worth the trip every time and worth the slightly increased costs of service if you want pampering and a no rush experience.
They even massage your shoulders while your hands dry.
Gel manicures are great here, tips are great here...just everything!
Go here!
**Special note: Tips in cash only!!!!!!!!

I can't stop staring at my nails.
I know it's probably vain, but they just look so good!
My eyebrows too... What's that song...?
Oh yeah!
I'm sexy and I know it!
They really do a fantastic job here.
Efficient and friendly, and very professional.
Christine did my gel French manicure and I will only go back to her now.
It's a bit pricey, but since it lasts almost three weeks, and dries before you leave, it's totally worth it!
They take cash and card, but tips are cash only.

First I want to say, this is the first negative review I have ever posted on Yelp so I don't do this lightly.
But the male manager of this salon needs a serious attitude adjustment.
By the way she handled herself, I believe the nail technician was new to the job.
At some point during my manicure I went to the back of the salon to brush/wash my hands and nails.
As I returned to the station I could see her trying on my rings !!
This I thought was rather unprofessional.
I had the manicure and left.
As I was driving home I looked down and the polish on all my nails had bubbled (we're talking 5 minutes).
So I turned around and drove back to the salon.
I went in and nicely asked to speak to the manager.
A man with a mask  working at the first station to the left of the front desk spoke (not in English).
A woman at the first station to the right got up and came over.
I explained the situation and showed her my nails.
She then had the original technician redo my polish.
Afterward, I went over and sat under the blowers behind the front desk.
There was a can on the ledge that said NAIL DRYER.
So I sprayed this on my nails.
Suddenly the man very rudely said "Don't use that -- that's why your polish bubbled".
I couldn't believe this.
I've been getting manicures for years and it is not uncommon to use a Quick Dry Enamel Spray to speed up the drying process.
Maybe if you are a frequent customer to this salon you are treated differently.
I thought this man's attitude was completely unprofessional, rude and inaccurate.
So, if you are new to this salon BEWARE.
Not only will I never go back but I would NEVER recommend this salon to a friend.

I've been here twice.
I had a pedicure with my friend and it was nice, good experience.
The only reason why I am giving PN's two stars is when I went back to get gels done on my finger nails they did it all wrong and they started chipping the next day and peeling off within 3-4 days.
It was awful.
I've had gels on my nails plenty time to know that they last awhile but sadly they peeled off within the week.
Sigh.
I probably will not go back and stick with the original place I go to.
Also, another thing that bothers me is when they ask you to pay before your visit is over and they COUNT their tip right in front of you, it's so awkward.
I tip 20% on the visits and I feel like they want to make sure they are making money, which I understand but right in front of you?
Awkward.

I have been going to this salon for the past ten years.
I love everything about the salon, the workers, the environment and the cleanliness.
Everyone is so so friendly.
I have been getting my nails done with Kevin for the past 10 years and he is one of the best i've ever been to and he doesn't rush when doing your nails and makes them absolutely perfect and flawless.
If I have ever broken a nail or chipped it or anything they fix it right away for free.
I have also been going to Jenny for my pedicures and brow waxes and she is also amazing and makes my brows exactly how I want it.
I've also been to Anthony, Lisa and Tina and my services with them have been nothing but amazing doing exactly what I want.
My sister and three nieces go to this salon and I wouldn't ever think about going anywhere else.
I don't trust anywhere else with my nails.

I have been going to this salon for years!
All the staff are friendly and helpful.
What impresses me most if how clean they keep the salon.
After every pedicure they scrub the tubs and acutually take apart the filters to make sure everything is clean for the next customer.
I wish every salon took the time!

Start the New Year off right, Pauline Nails is the Best place around  for manicures and  pedicures.
I have acrylic nails and never once in 9 1/2 years have I ever had to have them soaked off and replaced, this is quality workmanship.
Everyone there is professional and very friendly, and you can see for yourself that cleanliness is a top priority.
Stop in, no appointment necessary, you will be glad you did.

This place was awful!
My nails all pealed off in less than 3 days!!
Cheap polish and products!!
Not impressed!

Up until Friday, this salon was my favorite.
Unfortunately, I will not be back.
I asked for the upgraded callous removal which I have successfully received in the past.
My female nail tech went so far that I have raw, scabbed toes and heel...only on my right foot.
Tom was my favorite tech but he was unavailable, even when I asked for him for my appointment.
Nice shop with pleasant staff but one tech ruined it for me.

