There is nothing worse than being extremely interested in an apartment complex only to find out that when you go to visit, the service is extremely poor.
My reason for rating this place one star is Lauren in the leasing office.
(In my spare time, I often perform mystery shops for businesses, although I was not mystery shopping the Camden Legacy, I know what good service/bad service looks like at an apartment complex.
)  Let me start with my experience from the beginning.
My boyfriend and I recently decided that we would make the move to North Scottsdale after his recent promotion at work.
Knowing that the first step to moving is finding an apartment, I called Camden Legacy to set an appointment to visit at 2:00pm on a Tuesday.
Well, at 2:00pm on that Tuesday, my boyfriend and I showed up for our visit.
We were greeted with a friendly greeting and asked how we could be helped.
I mentioned that we had an appointment to look at the community and model apartments, Lauren says "It looks like your appointment was at 1:45pm.
"  Rule number one in customer service: the customer is always right, and just for the record, I would NOT schedule an appointment at 1:45pm...I mean why not just schedule it for 1:50pm next time?
Now would I make an appointment at 1:30pm, yes...but definitely not 1:45pm.
We have a seat and are offered water.
We politely decline.
Before touring the complex, Lauren asks us when we are looking to move in.
We proceed to let her know that although we do not have an exact date for move in as we currently have a lease, but we would consider breaking our lease if we found a location that suited our needs.
Lauren then asked what we would like to see, I told her that I was interested in the B4 Model.
She then tells us that there is only one model.
Okay, perfect.
I'd like to see it.
Lauren then asks us if we would like water again.
We politely decline.
We head out to tour the complex and along the way Lauren asks us if we were looking at any other apartments.
I told her no.
Camden was the only complex my boyfriend and I were interested in at the time.
For the record, my boyfriend was wearing a suit as he was on his lunch break.
I'm not exactly sure apartment shopping in a suit on a Tuesday afternoon is what most people do, but it was nice of her to ask.
We tour the model and while inside, Lauren stands there completely uninterested in our interest with Camden.
Often times, when I would mystery shop apartment complex's, during this time, the leasing agents would try to 'sell' their product.
What amenities does the complex offer, mention that units are updated, all come with a washer and dryer, the B4 comes with a garage...nope.
She just stood there.
After several moments of silence my boyfriend tries to strike up a conversation.
He asks if the complex takes dogs as we have two of them.
She says yes and that they are building a dog park currently.
My boyfriend asks if he can see it and she said, well it's all the way in the back and is just a pile of dirt.
Okay, understandable.
He asks about the deposit for dogs and are told there there is no deposit, only a fee of $500.
Okay fair enough.
Now $500 is not exactly cheap, but it is understandable.
Moving on from the dogs, my boyfriend asks if we can see the pool/gym.
Lauren says yes.
After completing our walk-through, my boyfriend asks how much the apartments run a month.
Lauren says "Well I dont' know because you don't have a move in date.
" Yes Lauren, we understand we don't have a move in date, what is the apartment running for currently?
An average?
Anything?
No...nothing.
So my boyfriend asks if she can tell us what they are currently running for and she said she would let us know when we get back to the office.
Because neither one of us is very familiar with the area and we are both very active, my boyfriend asks if there are any parks or trails near by.
Lauren says "Oh tons.
I would just Google it.
"  I think my jaw dropped.
I mean really!?!
You are going to tell us to Google something?
Don't get me wrong I love Google, but you should be selling us your apartment complex, this includes the surrounding area.
After viewing the model we head over to the gym and the pool which is right next to the leasing office.
Nothing  too exciting there.
The average pool and gym.
Both were very well kept.
We head back to the office and sit down.
She asks if there is anything else we would like to see or ask.
Less then five minutes prior, she told us she would tell us what they are currently running for, so my boyfriend asks, can you give us a quote.
Lauren AGAIN says, well you don't have a move in date and the prices change daily so I can't tell you a price.
So I pick a date 30 days out and we finally got a quote.
She also mentions that the prices are always online so I can watch them to see them change everyday.
Thanks Lauren but I don't need to watch them change.
Thanks for your lack of service, I am not interested.

I like Jordan T went to tour this place and was met with an extreme disinterest from Lauren as well.
was asked the basic questions as far as move in dates etc.
the question of an eviction came up and was met with extremely rude remarks.
would not live here based completely upon this persons rudeness and lack of interest in her job.
actually according to lauren  they wont rent to anyone with a backruptcy or eviction.
over priced and rude.
theres much better in scottsdale for the price.

I visited this place since one of my friends lives here and the landscaping is really nice along with the access to a garage.
The only problem is that the parking is TERRIBLE!
Unless your visiting someone that rented an additional spot there are not very many visitor spots to park.
I think this place is also a little over priced for rental considering.
I also heard from a resident that you cannot setup auto debit each month and that you have to remember to pay.

Pretty much everyone in this complex is stingy and won't pay $20 a month for parking; because of this, there is absolutely NO guest parking spots.
Meaning, if you're a guest, you have to park in BFE (the very back) where there is a single street lamp that puts off about as much light as a flameless candle, and set off on a hike longer than those in The Lord of the Rings films.
Also, if you live on the bottom floor, be aware that the floors are made of plywood.
You hear every single movement that your upstairs neighbor makes.
Including their phone ringing at 2 am.

They deserve a 3.5.
Get with it yelp!
I need my half-stars!
My wife and I have lived here since March 2013 and we really like it.
The Manager is wonderful and the leasing agents Sarah and Amanda are nice.
Maintenance rocks!
They respond the next day, even if you put in the work order the night before.
The apartment: They have renovated the interiors with black and stainless kitchen appliances.
The counters aren't granite but looks nice and is easy to clean.
Kitchen/bath faux wood cabinets look very nice.
I love the crown molding and high ceilings.
It is a very comfortable apartment that makes you feel relaxed.
Lots of storage space!
Amenities: Three pools, gas grills at two charcoal at one.
Cute dog park and nice landscaping.
Decent gym.
The pools are very well maintained and we use them a lot.
Great location, everything is close.
The soso: 1.
) Valet trash- Really $30/month to have someone take the trash from my door?
) Lack of recycling- There is only one recycling container for a community of 400 apartments.
) Single pane windows-I would pay them to install double pane.
My electric is higher than it should be.
) Parking-but that's a problem everywhere.
If we have guests coming over, then we park in the visitor spots so we can give them our spot.
You can rent a space for $20 if you really need the extra spot.



I have lived here since April 2013!
I love the location, super close to everything!
I love it!
I live nice and close to the dog park for my puppy to go play and have fun with other dogs!
I love that this complex is so pet-friendly, I can take my dog out walking and I will run into other pet owners and we get to talking.
I love that they also have complimentary waste bags for the dog's, so for those quick walks and I forget to bring my own bags!
I live in the B4 floor plan and I love the layout, lots of space and I like that I have an attached garage.
I love the staff, Amanda helped me find my perfect apartment and worked with me on finding the perfect location, not I don't want to ever leave it!
The service team is so nice, anytime they drive by they are wave and say hello!
I also like that I can go rent a movie at the office, or run in and print off something quick.
paying rent is super easy on line and I like that I can do everything through the website, it makes it very easy for a business woman on the go!
I like that I also don't have to walk my garbage to the dumpster, makes life a little easier, and it is only a small monthly fee!
Parking can be tough, but that is any complex you go to, I just rented another spot, they have uncovered to garages that you can rent, so if you have visitors over a lot like I do!
I truly LOVE my apartment, and it is such a good feeling when I pull up to Camden Legacy because I know I am at home!
Also I like the I live at a place that is publicly traded in the New York Stock Exchange, it just shows how great of a company and how you know they are not going anywhere!
Camden has changed my life!

http://animoto.com/play/MZbPueIpmMo7Mpwq50qmbQ Check out what residents are saying about Camden Legacy

We had a ton of problems moving in!
Our apartment was NOT ready for move-in.
The office staff seemed very fake and didn't really care.
We stayed there for our 15 month lease with over 17 maintenance calls for our garage door and air conditioner.
When our lease was up, they told us they were raising our rent $175 a month!!!
Are you kidding me!
After move out, we got a bill for another $200 in cleaning and touch-up paint.
I personally cleaned that place top to bottom to avoid those fees!
On a better note, we found a HOUSE less than a mile away to rent for less than our Camden rent!
So happy to be out of there!
Do not rent at Camden!

