Came in in a huge rush today with a dead car battery and very little time to make it to an interview across town.
Joe was available immediately and helped me get back on the road in about 10 minutes!!
I even had a credit from the old battery that died, making the experience easy on my mind and my wallet.
Thanks Joe!

Came in on a rainy day because of course I needed new windshield wipers and a tail light.
My first experience being in this shop and it was wonderful.
This shop is hidden, But glad I found it!
Thanks to Jose for putting in a new tail light and new windshield wipers.
Good customer service and a job well done.
Its true, professional parts people they are.
Thank you Jose!

This Checker O'Reilly Auto Parts store has my 100% support as I had a very positive customer service experience yesterday evening.
I'm impressed with the honesty in how the business is run.
Yesterday I took my truck with 136,000 miles to the dealer for its basic service.
The dealer said they load tested the battery and that is was weak and in need of replacing.
Rather than pay the dealer $156 to replace my battery, I went to Checker O'Reilly to buy a new battery to install myself and save around $40-50.
The person working at Checker O'Reilly had an easy sell of a battery to me, but he insisted of load testing my battery as a second opinion.
As I watched, his load test indicated that my 3 year old battery (that I had purchased at this same Checker-O'Reilly store in June 2011) was still good.
I quizzed him whether he could tell if it's close to not being good.
He told me that his meter would tell if there was any weakness.
He saved me buying a new battery.
Maybe the dealer's load test was more accurate.
Maybe the Checker O'Reilly's load test was more accurate.
I'll know whether I have trouble starting my car next week or next year.
But whose load test is more accurate is not the point.
I was impressed that Checker O'Reilly wanted to give me more information with a load test (at no cost) then make a quick dollar on the sale of a battery.
This Checker O'Reilly store has my business for all auto needs going forward.
I have been a past customer also, so I already knew about the honesty and quality customer service.

