Our pediatrician is at Scottsdale Children's Group.
We interviewed several doctors and offices before choosing one for our son and we really like them.
We have experienced some billing issues  (they overbilled us for a very long time, didn't tell us and just started giving us credits instead of asking if we wanted a refund) and once they told us that we had no insurance coverage because my 2 year old reached his lifetime max (how does that even make sense?????).
But we've always gotten everything straightened out and whenever we need a last minute appointment or needed to talk to someone they are there.
They have Saturday office hours and you can call a nurse 24 hours a day if your child has something going on.
The office is bright and clean, the staff is nice and we really love Dr. Burke!
We also like the other doctors we've seen when Dr. Burke was on vacation or unavailable.
Highly recommended!

Both my son and daughter have been patients here since they were born (son is 8 and daughter is 3).
We have seen all the Dr's here and ended up choosing Satish Namjoshi as their primary.
He is an amazing Dr.  His bedside manner is the best since my pediatrician growing up.
He remembers my children and knows them.
That is what sets him apart.
Dr. Namjoshi gets 5 stars hands down!
I didn't give the Group 5 stars because they over-bill me on the well checks and I always end up with a credit.
I should have the option of getting a refund instead of an account credit (actually, they should stop over billing me).
This is something that has been going on for years.
I look the other way for two reasons: because of Dr. Namjoshi and because I've never had a problem getting sick appointment's same day.
:)  This is a great pediatrician's office and you won't regret bringing your children here.

The physicians at Scottsdale Children's Group are amazing.
My children have been under their care for twelve years and I value their opinion and expertise greatly.
Dr.Namjoshi has been my pediatrician of choice since my daughter's premature birth and has cared for my autistic son since birth as well.
From typical well checks and immunizations to more complex diagnoses and procedures, my children have consistently been cared for, treated well and I trust the doctors at SCG with my most treasured gifts without hesitation.

We have two kids (3 and 5) and we could not have found a better Pediatrician in Dr. G - or a better practice than SCG.
We've had more than our fair share of doctor's visits - and SCG has always gotten us in quickly.
Even when Dr G. hasn't been available - we've seen the other pediatricians and have always had a wonderful experience.
And the nurses are wonderful too.
They practically know our kids by name.

We have two children and have been coming here for the past 2 1/2 years.
I have never had one appointment where the Dr. was actually on time.
Today was the final "straw that broke the camels back" as I waited for 45 minutes with my children for our appointment.
If you don't mind waiting around for your appointments then I guess this children's group is "adequate" but we will no longer be frequenting this location.

Dr Burke is the best!
She is very informative and even if I have a list of 100 questions she will answer them.
She has great with my son.
I find it easy to talk to her especially since I'm a first time mom and get nervous about numerous things.

My children have been patients at Scottsdale Children's Group since my first son was born in April 2005.
I absolutely LOVED this place and could not have imagined better care for my precious bundle.
As the stork dropped off two more babies over the years, I continued to choose for them to be cared for at the Shea location of Scottsdale Children's Group.
I constantly referred new moms to SCG.
In 2010 (after being a 5 year veteran), I noticed a change.
There was a lot of new front-office staff and the overall "vibe" of the entire practice seemed unhappy.
I brushed it off thinking that we are in a recession and things must be difficult for ALL businesses right now.
I hung in there for another 3 years through times of NO available (same day sick) appts.
and grumpy comments from staff (including doctors) during well-check appts.. Until today.
I have TWO sick children home from school.
I called at 8am to make an appt.
for both children.
10:15am (thank goodness it was available)!
I get them fed, dressed & out the door with time to spare.
We arrived promptly at 10:15am through the sick-child entrance.
They took my $25 per child co-pay and asked me to have a seat.
ONE HOUR LATER, we are still sitting in the front waiting room.
My daughter is lethargic with her head on my lap and my son is crying, "Can we please just go home"?!
We were there for help that never seemed to be coming.
I asked for my co-pay back at the front desk and drove my children home.
My daughter threw up on the car ride home, but I felt as though I only had myself to blame.
I should have left Scottsdale Children's Group years ago when I only had good memories of baby days in my rear-view mirror.
I will NEVER go back.
My children deserve better...... and so do yours.
If you are reading this in search of a pediatrician.
Keep looking.
While the doctors are very skilled, the "customer service" is severely lacking.
Ask friends for referrals, but don't decide on SCG if your children, your time and your money are hot ticket items for you.
You can find good doctors elsewhere.

We LOVE Scottsdale Children's Group!
I couldn't imagine trusting anyone else with my children's medical care.
We usually see Dr. Namjoshi - my children absolutely love him and his assistant Valerie.
You can tell that he really cares about all of his patients.
We have also had the pleasure to see their nurse practitioner MaryBeth - she is very knowledgeable and always a joy to see!
All of the doctors and their assistants are great!!
The office staff is always accommodating and professional.
We understand that the office will get busy during the "sick" months because they take time with each patient in order to provide the best care anywhere.
We wouldn't want to take our children to an office that is always empty ... they are busy because they are WONDERFUL!
Scottsdale Children's Group is the best around!

