Went looking for notebook binders I could get in Atlanta; no can do.
Either this store doesn't carry them or they have been discontinued.
When I asked if we could order the answer was it lloked like don't carry them so probably not - probably not?!
Had the other items I was looking for.

Decided to redo my computer room in my house.....went to Staples and was well taken care of.
They answered all my questions (I know nothing about computers) and picked out a system that was very easy to set up myself!
I also got some great computer furniture as well.

I sure needed an easy button on this trip.

Average prices and frequently long lines to checkout.

Expensive

This Staples is close to my work and easily accessible.
There is always ample parking outside, which is nice.
The inside is pretty easy to navigate and the employees are helpful.
Anyone I've approached was capable of answering my questions or pointing me in the right direction.
They also don't hassle or make me feel uncomfortable.
There are plenty of employees wandering around, but I think they could use a few more at the check-out area.
When I'm shopping at Staples I like being able to get in and out quickly and can get impatient if I have to wait too long.
Overall, if you need some office supplies, definitely stop in here.

We like Staples, and prefer it to the other "Office" stores.
There is a reason Staples had risen to the top in this category.
Both Office Depot and Office Max just cannot keep up.
Their selection is very good and they're always thinking if ways to attract you to stop.
Coupons, $$ for recycling printer cartridges, document printing, I could go on.
But most of these items Staples started and have since been copied by the other two.
So "A-OK" Three Stars.

If you have printing needs, do not take your business to this Staples location.
I am new to AZ and wanted business cards printed.
I took a sample card with me and asked to have it duplicated, including the same card stock and colors.
The only thing different was the information in the copy.
They distorted the photo on the card when  it was cropped, the spacing was inconsistent and the last letter of one of the words was a different color than the rest of the word.
They had three opportunities to get it right and failed every time.
I'm meeting with another printer tomorrow and have to start from scratch.
While the employees were apologetic and very nice it doesn't replace competence.

I did not appreciate the hard sell on the warranty.
The sales associate went over details and asked if I was interested.
I declined respectfully.
Store Supervisor then comes over and goes into a 15+ minute speech while I'm at the register about how it is the greatest deal ever, it saved him so much money.
It's through square trade and they are amazing.
He gives me his story about how he just used it on his laptop and they sent him a gift card and it saved him so much money.
Apparently Staples did not get the memo of why people did not like Best Buy circa 2005.
I called corporate relations to complain about the hard sell on the warranty.
Three (3) Staples employees standing by the cash register is too much while being 'asked' if I wanted to buy a warranty and how I could not buy it tomorrow and had to decide now.
I was told it is not policy and he would follow up.
There has been no follow up after a week.
If you plan to buy technology or anything that could possibly have a warranty go to a different staples unless you want the possibility of being pressured into purchasing a trash warranty.
Most electronics come with standard warranties and most credit cards provide protection...FYI

Went here today to get a printer I had on hold for me.
Super big store and easy to find, especially since it was my first time going to the store.
Employees were nice and I did not have to wait long to get my printer.
Thankfully it was still on hold!
The coupons are very handy when it comes to spending a lot on one thing!

