This place isnt just for the guys anymore!
I will admit that this place freaked me out at first- having been born Canadian - the words 'personal fire-arms'  are just not in the vocabulary....now living in the 'Wild Wild West' where carrying a personal fire-arms is legal....well I just had to check it out!!
The Scottsdale Gun Club is a testosterone-driven adrenaline-junky haven for this newly-discovered sport!!
(for me anyway!
) Its decked to the nines and all of the staff are so helpful, knowledgeable, funny and very open to reviving the gun enthusiast in everybody that walks through their doors!!
There lounge has a retinal scanner for identification....can you say James Bond?!!
If you get a chance - ask for RYAN - he's the best!!
and the most helpful in making my knee-caps stop shaking =0)

Scottsdale Gun Club is an amazing facility.
30,000 sq.
ft. of Indoor shooting ranges, store and even a tactical shoot house.
The facility is very nice, clean and you feel very safe despite the arsenal of weapons and ammo around you.
The store selection is amazing and some of the lowest prices and best selection around, even compared to online sales.
It is weapon heaven.
They have handguns, rifles, knives, accessories, clothing, protective gear, gun locks and safes, scopes, lights, you name it, they probably have it.
They offer memberships of multiple levels and give discounts to law enforcement and military personnel.
The shooting ranges are really nice and top notch, it is highly rated by industry critics.
You can rent Uzis, Tommy Guns, fire a .50 cal from the top of a Humvee or rent your standard pistol or rifle.
This place is amazing, a great time for both the novice and experienced alike.

One of the best shooting facilities I've seen in a long time.
Very clean facility, professional employees, good range officers, and overall you can't miss that this is a top notch place.
I've taken 2 courses so far and overall the experience was great, with a spacious & modern teaching area.
Only complaint I have is that they open too late in the morning and I wish they had the "members only" hour on weekdays also.
9 am would be a much better time to open on weekdays.
I go at 10 am on weekdays and there's always a small crowd outside waiting to get in the door.
Well, I'd also add that they don't have enough staffing for the volume of customers.
Often you can be ignored while looking at firearms or endure a lengthy line to get a lane at the range.

O MAN!!
This place RAWKS!!
Ya baby!
Luved everything about it!
Staff was patient, helpful, full of assistance.
This was something i wanted to do for ages!!
a)  Stressed out?
b)  Wanna impress the significant other?
c)  Cool Date Nite?
d) Want to do something DIFFERENT?
e) all of the above  Can I go back now???
Pleeeeeeeeeeeease?!?!

Scottsdale Gun Club is a top notch business offering a huge selection of firearms, accessories, and ammo.
They also offer various courses, including the concealed weapons class as well as defensive shooting classes.
SGC staff are extremely knowledgeable and willing to spend the time with a customer to make sure that customer is getting exactly what they want.
SGC's shooting facility is first class and is well administrated by attentive range masters.
You won't find a better indoor facility in Arizona.
Scottsdale Gun Club offers memberships ranging from around $30/month to $10k/year and has a full selection of firearms, including autos, to rent for use on their range.
SGC prices their selection fairly and doesn't charge you a premium for their location.
First class all the way.

So I couldn't give this place a 2, because technically that means "I've experienced better.
" This was only my first time at a shooting range, so it's really the best I've seen.
For a first-timer, I had a pretty pleasant experience.
They aren't all that forceful about making you watch the safety video, which I didn't mind because that's mostly obvious stuff.
But that seems like something a gun club should be pretty on top of, no?
I was there with a cop and hunter, someone who knows his way around guns, but its scary to think someone could go in there, loaded, and do some serious damage without the right guidance.
That said, the intermittent guidance provided by the employees was a touch annoying.
My thumb positioning wasn't right at one point, and instead of giving me a warning, the guy actually just came up behind me and moved my finger himself.
Um, excuse me?
Personal space issues, anyone?
They also were a touch stern in telling us to move bodies between lanes when we wanted to try other guns, rather than the guns themselves.
My uncle [the cop] told the employee we were sorry and were never moving loaded guns between lanes, and the dude mouthed off back at him with a "how do I know that?
" Fair point, but still kinda snooty.
Final point of contention was the lack of AC in our particular range.
They offered to move us elsewhere, but we'd already gotten two rare side by side lanes, so we stayed put.
I would definitely come back here, but as a first timer, I'd also be curious about what other clubs have to offer--perhaps some friendlier workers?
Maybe at an establishment fueled by violence, that's asking a bit too much.

There were some weird people at this indoor range.
It is not always a great time standing next to some people with their own axes to grind holding pistols and rifles.
I couldn't help but think what everyone in there was thinking.
The guy next to me brought his girlfriend.
He had a tattoo of a black widow on his neck.
As the middle aged lady next to me emptied a clip, I wondered why she seemed so pissed, There was a 60 some year old lady also skulking around.
The store clerks had pistols strapped to their waists.
A lot of nice guns to buy in there.
You can rent an AK for $15.
The self defense training courses shown on the videos were pretty entertaining.
It looks like you get to punch those rubber dummies.
If you really want to improve your punching, punch a tree or a brick wall.
Then you will learn the power of a punch and why you should not throw them too often.

A friend took me to this place and I was really impressed at how the employees really take care of their regulars and make them welcome.
This place isn't cheap if you come 3-4 times a week to shoot your frustrations away at a standing target.
This place even has an ELITE level, but you have to pay a certain amount of money to participate.
The ELITE members do get their private room and in order for you to enter, they have a retina-eye scanner.
It sound really fancy and chic... can you call a gun club CHIC?
mmhmm...
Anyway, I would definitely come back here and shoot some round with my friend.
With friendly people always very welcoming no wonder this place keeps on rockin'!

I don't know if I'm giving Scottsdale Gun Club 4 stars, per se, or if I just really enjoyed shooting at something.
A friend of mine, who is a regular, took me here for my first real lesson in firearms.
Sure I went out in the desert once and shot at some rocks, but the guys did everything for me back then.
This time I learned a little bit about the gun I was holding and how it actually worked.
There was quite a long wait, so I would suggest not going on a weekend.
I was never asked if I knew what I doing and that was probably because I was with a member who brought a couple handguns and a shotgun of his own.
I'm sure they just figured that I wasn't a newbie if I was with him.
I felt completely safe in the Scottsdale Gun Club.
I mean, yes, everyone around me is armed and dangerous, but that is probably why I would vote for the Scottsdale Gun Club parking lot to be the least likely place for you to get mugged or abducted.
This may be a false sense of security on my part.
It's sort of like when I used to take kickboxing.
I was never afraid to walk to my car after class late at night.
I just figured that if somebody was looking to take advantage of a lone woman it wouldn't be a woman exiting a karate dojo with boxing gloves in her hands.
Am I right or am I right?
Anyway, the facilities are clean and modern.
Not that I've been to any other gun clubs, but it seemed nice to me.
Once we finally got a lane, my friend showed me how to load one of his handguns.
I got all sweaty and nervous when I shot off the first round.
I couldn't help but anticipate the shot, so my friend had me do a dry round which proved to be rather helpful in getting me to steady my hands (Is it just me or do the last couple of sentences sound kinda sexual?).
I also learned just how hard it was to hit a target unless it's pretty darn close.
I seriously sucked when the target was moved back.
It didn't help that my friend is an awesome shot.
Next, I tried the shotgun.
It scared the crap out of me.
It was a serious weapon.
I felt like Woody Harrelson in Zombieland with that thing.
The first shot was the worst because even though my friend went first, I still had no idea what to expect.
He was literally pushing me forward because I wanted to recoil away from the gun.
After the first shot, I realized there was nothing to worry about other than getting a bruise on my shoulder.
Still, I think I feel more comfortable with a handgun for now.
Meanwhile, when I was wussing out with the shotgun, the guy in the next lane was on the floor with a machine gun.
On the way out, the woman behind the counter mentioned there was a ladies night.
Sorry, I can't remember what night of the week it is.
I should say that I don't know how comfortable I'd be going here without my knowledgeable friend.
He pretty much just led the way and I would've been lost without him.
I loved when people assumed I knew what he knew.
After they'd leave, I would ask what the hell they were talking about.
It's fun to pretend.
Until I have something to compare it to, Scottsdale Gun Club seems like a pretty good place to shoot.

This is simply the classiest gun store that I have ever seen.
My friend from the Mesa PD took me up here one day.
At the end of my vacation, I decided to come back and shoot the belt-fed m249 SAW (Squad Automatic Weapon) indoors.
Even though I was not a member, the employee let me shoot during members only hours.
After 250 rounds of 5.56 mm belt-fed goodness, I was so pumped up, that I drove back to the nanny state of California without any caffeine.
Those folks in Arizona certainly know how to live.
I have come back several times since then and always had a great time.
Thank you very much Scottsdale Gun Club!

I've been to SGC mutliple times and they always have a great selection of guns & gear to go along with it.
The staff has always been friendly & attentive although I've never used their shooting facilities.The prices are a little bit higher than average on some things and I believe that's due to location and having to pay the higher Scottsdale tax rates.
I've made many purchases at SGC and would highly recommend dealing with Clint.
He has great customer service skills in person and follows up as promised on a consistent basis via email and phone.

Super polite, helpful, knowledgeable and informative sales staff that will never talk down to you for not being a beer-bellied Guns N Ammo subscribing, card-carrying NRA member (like many of their competitors do).
If you're a lady, SGC staff won't creep you out like the desert-rat kooks staffed by many of their competitors.
Also, SGC is in a well-lit, nice part of Scottsdale, not some shit-hole industrial park like many other ranges.
So you'll probably feel safer here, if that is a concern.
If you're shopping for a new gat, you'll find a good selection, reasonable prices and a great staff.

This facility is clean, well managed, and well kept.
The shooting range has knowledgable range masters keeping track of people who don't have any idea what they are doing and for those that want some extra time with an instructor... they offer that as well.
Their store is priced about average for a Scottsdale Gun store but don't expect any killer deals/prices on guns, accessories, or ammo.
I've taken 2 classes at this location that were both great and will continue to renew my membership for many years to come.

I love this place!
If you want to buzz in and shoot a few rounds of ammo and get in and out rapidly or stay a while this is the spot!
It's always busy but never too crowed to get in.
They have expert and helpful staff.
It always feels safe as they keep a close eye on people who don't know what they are doing or if you look crazy:)  Try it out...I enjoy it so much I became a member...it's the only way to go!

Top notch!
I'm not from Phoenix or even Arizona, but I've ordered tons of stuff online from these folks...so much so that I couldn't wait to actually visit this place in the flesh.
The fellas that work here are a class act...really friendly folks and entertaining to banter back and forth with about who makes the best suppressors and why...had a friendly debate with some of the guys on different cans and mounts.
Got the grand tour from one of the guys and this place is amazing!
I walked in just to look around and walked out with bags, Pelican cases, tons of gun parts, cleaning material, mags, you name it.
What impressed me about this place was amount of tactical firearms...too many shops don't even cater to this, the staff was awesome...I pretty much had someone walk everywhere with me showing me everything I wanted, clean and friendly.
Pretty much the best gun store I've ever been in and I've been in a few.
I would say that I spend between 5k-20k in firearms and kit every year and SGC will be seeing a lot more of my denairo.
Recently bought a Surefire suppressor here for something like 250 bucks cheaper than everywhere else!
I checked out US Auto Weapons next door (I have a lot of C3 stuff) and those clowns didn't say hello, acknowledge my existence, didn't offer any help....nothing.
They can kiss my ass if they expect to ever see a penny from me...big business FAIL seeing as how I rolled in there with money to spend and rolled right out of there with an solid understanding that US Auto Weapons sucks!
A+++ to SGC!!

I absolutely LOVE THIS PLACE.
My cousin and I waited at the door for them to open at 9:00 AM.
When we entered, I was in heaven.
Guns filled the walls and they practically have ANY gun to rent- From a Glock pistol to a mini UZI and the AK-47.
My cousin and I rented an AR-15 and a Beretta 9 mm to start.
Both great guns and fantastic to shoot on their range, which features the most up-to-date target retrieval technology.
Since it was our first time at the club, I asked that they walk us through everything thoroughly and they did a great job.
The staff was extremely accommodating and I can't say enough great things about them.
High honors for the Scottsdale Gun Club- Highly recommended!
Also if you're wondering, you DO NOT need to be a member of the club to shoot at the club.

Top notch facility.
Clean, cool, well-lit, with friendly and knowledgeable staff.
Great tactical selection for sale and an amazing array of firearms for rent.

I've ordered 2500+ rounds online from SGC and have always been satisfied by their prices on FMJ .45 ACP.
I'm interested in the 360, programmable target movement and Machine Gun Adventures at their club.
If ever in the Phoenix area, I definitely will plan a visit to Scottsdale Gun Club.

My husband wanted to stop here while on our trip to Arizona.
I have always been terrified of guns and not wanting to learn how to shoot though he has always wanted me to try.
I've gone with him to various shooting ranges before but always felt unsafe and never wanted to try out shooting but after stepping into this club, I changed my mind.
I went shooting for the first time and I loved it.
I felt completely safe and I liked how the staff was extremely professional.
When you first go in, they have you sign up and watch a safety video which helped calm my nerves.
The store is very large and is the biggest gun range we have ever been to.
The store is clean and new and everything felt very organized.
I liked how there were staff members patrolling to ensure the safety of the patrons.
I wish they have one of these in Los Angeles!
I would go every weekend!

I love this place.
I recently got back into shooting after years of not living in rural America.
It's hard to find time to get to a range with a 21 month old, but my husband pushed me out the door and said he would be Mr.
Mom for 3 hours while I was there.
I took the Ladies of Liberty course, which I suggest if 1. you have never used a gun 2. it has been a while since you have shot a gun 3. you have your own gun that you would like to learn a little more about.
Their instructors are great and helpful and I really enjoyed the class portion of the course as a refresher.
For the last hour, we were on the range.
This course includes .22 rentals and all the ammo you can shoot in an hour's time.You can bring in your own gun and ammo if you wish and the instructor will spend time talking to you about it and how to use.
It's great for me becuase I've made some other lady friends that I meet up with or when my dad or brother come into town, I can take them there, too.
Heading there Monday!

Before you judge me, know this.
I am a liberal.
Always have been.
Always will be.
Part of being a liberal, is being open to new ideas, trying new things out.
At the urging of one of my former co-workers, I went to the SGC to fire off some guns for the first time in my life.
Cathartic?
Yes.
Liberating?
Yes.
Did my buddy Steve out me as the token Liberal?
Absolutely.
The gun range is quite impressive.
Well-maintained.
The range marshalls are helpful, particularly if you don't know what the hell you are doing (i.e.
me).
We rented a machine gun, and a staff member came over to assist us.
Nothing like a helping hand.
That's service.
The selections of firearms for sale and rent is impressive.
The clothing and accessories are in great supply too.
Check this place out.
It's not the gun club that you probably envisioned...you know the one...with the crazy rednecks, and shotguns.
It's a nice, clean place.
Well-educated folks come here.
If you are a liberal, and have never fired a gun, come check it out.
It's worth the few hours on a weekend.
And relatively inexpensive.
You'll learn a little thing or two about how to properly hold a gun and defend yourself.

I had never been to a "gun club" nor had I even seen a firearm first hand prior to visiting Scottsdale Gun Club.
I was nervous.
Everything that defines me goes against owning/using firearms; as a Jewish young woman, I was raised with the belief that guns are not something we should own...and as a liberal Coloradan, using firearms for practice and enjoyment is not exactly something I do on a typical Saturday.
Nevertheless, I needed to go; as this was an important time to "bond" with my former teammates.
I walked in and noticed all of the inventory for sale--ammo, firearms, camo-gear, and safes.
I watched a firearm safety video where I learned basic protocol.
Then I was given some "eyes" (i.e.
eye protection) and some "ears" (i.e.
big headphone-like things that muffled the noise of the explosions).
I entered one automatic door, than another to enter the shooting range.
I was really surprised that some parents were letting their kids have at it.
it was a little scary...shouldn't there at least be a minimum height qualification or something?!
The guns were loud (yes, I know this is obvious), and the thought of so many potentially fatal weapons surrounding me was a bit frightening.
That "rush" one is supposed to get after pulling the trigger just didn't happen for me.
Oh well, I guess firearms are not my thing.
Not that I have much to compare it to, Scottsdale Gun Club is a very, very nice facility.
Impressive.
The staff are helpful and experienced.
Their demeanor calmed me down a bit.
And now I can say I've gone shooting at one of the most prestigious gun clubs in Arizona.
One more thing checked off the bucket list.

This was only the 2nd time I've ever gone shooting.
My 1st time (in the Fall) was at a shooting park in the Poconos, so nothing jazzy & you're left to your own devices with no supervision.
I'm really glad my 2nd time was @SGC, I had such a great time & felt a lot safer shooting here than in some local shooting park in Pennsylvania.
The place is very clean & modern, well organized.
Staff & range officers were all very friendly & knowledgeable.
Thankfully, safety seems to be enforced heavily throughout the place: - If a 1st time visitor, you're required to watch an 8-minute safety video & then sign a form (After this initial safety video briefing, I think you're exempt from viewing it again for about a year) - They make sure you're wearing eye & ear protection (which they provide) before entering the range - & they always remind you to put these on each time you enter the range - A range officer was always patrolling to make sure everyone was shooting safely  You can either bring your own or rent their firearms (each piece is priced by the hour & ranges from $15/hr to $65/hr, a few are $125/hr).
I think you have to pay a range fee of $15, too, but not sure as my boyfriend paid for everything.
Not sure if you are allowed to bring your own ammo, but they have a big selection of ammo at their store for you to buy.
They provide you with free targets by the main counter.
You have to go through 2-3 different doors to enter the (indoor) range.
Range has like 30 shooting lanes with electronically-movable targets.
1 other cool thing: If you rent a handgun for an hour, you can switch it up for a shotgun with no additional charge 1/2-way through, which is what my boyfriend & I did.
We rented a Glock 30 for 1/2 an hour & then switched to a 12 gauge pump-action shotgun (I think we got the Remington 870) for the other 1/2 hour.
Only complaint: The pump on the shotgun we had kept jamming, my boyfriend thinks it was because they needed to oil it a bit.
Just something to keep in mind if renting this type of shotgun.
I absolutely loved this place & so want to come back!

This place is amazing.
INcredibly friendly and helpful staff that is always concerned not just about your safety, but also your fun!
They can recommend anything that suits your shooting needs, especially if you want to try something new!
Especially for a first-timer, everyone on staff during my last 3 visits have been really amazing.
This place is SUPER clean and very professional.
I was very impressed with the bathrooms as well (as they can obviously tell a lot about a place by their restrooms)!
Great quality products too.
Always plenty of parking.
Just, pretty much the only place to go to shoot in Arizona.
It gets really busy on weekends and when it rains.
JUST DON'T FORGET YOUR ID WHEN YOU ARE DONE!

By far the best shooting range I've ever been to.
Facility is top-notch, staff are nice and knowledgeable, great selection of merchandise.

This place is great.
Very friendly helpful staff.
I have very little shooting experience but love guns.
I had a chance to spend an hour with a AK-47 type rifle and it was truly memorable.
I was offered the full auto version but chose a semi variant.
Gun rental and ammo was priced very reasonably (esp if you're used to range and ammo prices on the east coast).
About an hour's worth of shooting cost me about 60-70 dollars total, and it's all up to you how much ammo you burn through.
The range is modern and clean  Almost as fun as the range time is the store itself.
You can see in person almost any modern gun you can think of, from the simplest little Glock right up to a full blown minigun, even a Mk-19 grenade launcher.
They are all on display.
It's amazing.
edit: Having been to several more indoor ranges, I'm adding a star.
this place is the benchmark for me to all other indoor ranges.

For a price, you can shoot just about anything here up to a full auto assault rifle.
The range masters are knowledgeable and cheerful.
The prices are reasonable considering what you are getting for your money.
They will teach a novice from how to safety, load, and shoot.
They will leave a pro alone to focus.
The reason why this club doesn't get 5 stars from me is that more than one gun jammed.
When questioned, the desk staff nonchalantly said that they have a hard time getting parts and since some of the guns have fired over a million rounds it's to be expected that they will jam up.
A MILLION ROUNDS.
SERIOUSLY!
Most guns are rated for 100,000.
You're a gun club.
You sell guns.
Replace them after few hundred thousand rounds.

My wife and I stopped by after seeing an ad in the paper.
It happened to be their 7th anniversary celebration weekend and it was happening.
There were some vendors there and everyone that worked there had smiles!
I have always wanted to get a 9mm for home self defense and both of us could use just in case.
Went in and asked to try one out.
Got some advice to try one out and watched a 8 minute video on safety and we were in the range in less than 15 minutes!
My wife did not feel comfortable at first being a beginner and so I did not hesitate to call over a range officer.
Steven was very good and explaining a proper stance, grip and instructions.
After she went through 30 rounds, she was comfortable and was really having a good time!
Ended up getting a membership for us so we could shoot in a safe, friendly, AC environment with a great retail center available to us at a discount.
They have all kinds of great guns there to try!
I had my doubts if it was going to be snooty, or full of "Mr. soldier of fortune".
But there was a good mix of folks and everyone was really cool.
I can confirm that the place is very clean & modern, well organized.
Staff & range officers were all very friendly & knowledgeable.
Now go get some!

I used to love this place when they first opened.
But I have to say, that lately it seems as if they staff the store with exployees who just left Best Buy, they may seem like they know firearms to the inexperienced shooter, but for the most part they make it up as they go.
Every time I go in there I have to fight someone to give them my money.
I walked to 3 different registers with product in hand, but the people behind the counter were too busy having converstions to pay attention to me.
I finally dropped my stuff on the counter and left.
Only then did they pay attention.
No worries, I went to US Autoweapons next door and dropped a couple hundred dollars.
I let my membership lapse, the range is nice, but the staff are pretty hard to deal with.
Every time I would go in there, they would get my membership mixed up with my familys.
It only took 2 years to get that straightened up.
And their gunsmiths, forget it.
And forget about ordering a gun and having it shipped there.
The one time I did that, it had come from a dealer in another state and arrived in 24 hours.
But they sat on it in the warehouse for 4 days before I could pick it up.
Ordering a part for a gun was another 2 month ordeal.
And a warranty return on a line of holsters they would carry took 2 weeks and 2 different managers.
I used to spend a ton of money on shooting and the related accessories, and every time I try to like SGC.
But it seems that their customer service gets worse with every single visit.
They have the attitude that they have become so large, they don't need customers.
I find that very frustrating, and a bad business move.
Even more so when theres a shop 40 feet from their door that carries the same stuff, and is much more friendly.
The only plus side is they are sometimes the only local store to carry certain items.
But I find myself ordering more and more stuff on of the internet.

Great facility, but due to my work I had to show up there late, about 7:45pm.
I had about $7500 to spend since I just cashed a CD that recently matured, and wanted to turn cash into guns due to my own personal reasons.
The man who helped me treated me poorly, the attitude was as if, "don't waste my time, I want to go home.
"  I was handed guns unprofessionally, while the person hurried through his closing duties.
I decided I wouldn't spend one red cent in this pretentious place, and walked out.
I bought elsewhere, for cheaper no less.

Shooting range is great Selection is great Customer service is garbage.
I would write up a long story about this place but this place isn't worth it.
So the short story is there were 10 employees standing around and not one asked if i wanted help.
Doesn't matter though, there is peoria store now i don't have to go back.

This review is a little tainted because its for the Titanium level of SGC which is a very nice experience.
You must enter through doors operated via a retinal scanner and once in you have your weapons stored in a vault with an attendant ready to assist.
You also don't generally have to wait for a private range to open but if you do there are other things to keep you occupied within the club area.
The ranges are kept cool with plenty of air to circulate the smoke and powder and its quite comfortable.
Eye and ear protection is issued if you do not have your own and it is very clean.
As a Marine I like to see others using firearms properly and receive proper training.
The crew at SGC seems to deliver it well.

And you can *rent* a firearm to fire?
I loved the cleanliness, the size of the facility and the electric-motored targets.
The lanes are, however, pretty tightly packed in here.
I didn't see anything to police up my brass into- just a big rubber squeegie to push it around.
I like to clean as I shoot so as not to step all over casings as I'm squeezing off rounds, so that was my only bitch about the lanes.
If it's firearm/LEO/military related and you need it...I think it's here.
This is the only place I'll shoot in the Valley unless you show me something that's just wayyyyy better.
Go for it.

The best gun store and indoor range I have ever been to, and I've been to a lot.
The staff is knowledgeable, friendly, and pretty laid back.
They carry a large assortment of fire arms, including a wide variety of AR-15.
If you come to the range more than a couple times, it's worth getting a membership so you can shoot for free, bring guests, and get a discount on ammo.
The let you rapid fire here which is important for those looking to work on those skills.

I buy most of my guns here, they have excellent customer service and a great inventory.
Strange enough they have competitive pricing and the indoor shooting range is the best in town!

Very happy that I got to play with big boy toys.

The actual shooting range is top notch.
Cleanest high tech lanes you'll ever see.
Decent retail store, though a manager name Dan, brunette with glasses, is a real tool.
Went to the store looking for some eye protection on clearance and he was completely unhelpful.
Some other employees found the item that he immediately wrote off as not in stock.
Placed a target sideways to practice transitions and he told the RSO to change the position (even though so many people practice with the targets in that orientation).
I understand wanting to protect the carrier, but I have never hit the carrier ever, especially at 21 ft.
They likely get a majority of carrier damage through the people shooting full auto, not by more experienced shooters with their semiauto pistols.
Only a few RSO's exhibit Napoleon syndrome.
Besides the small handful of RSO's on a power trip and Dan, the other employees are extremely helpful and laid back.

Awesome place.
This is a large facility that is really well maintained.
The staff members, everyone from the front counter person to the guys in the shooting range, were very nice and extremely helpful and patient with providing assistance, answering questions, and giving suggestions.

This place is pretty Awesome!
Huge selection of firearms and great indoor range.
The staff is pretty accommodating and they have a lot of items that can be difficult to find.
There US Palm gear is pretty awesome as well.
They don't have the best prices but they are pretty reasonable.
They also have the best selection of tactical clothing that I am aware of locally.
They also offer tons of classes that look useful as well.

I have been a member here for many years.
It is an excellent clean facility the only thing they are a little overpriced

First time went to this place.
Wanted to show my son how to handle weapons.
Wife went along, and we had a wonderful time.
Only issue was that the target kept falling down when we fired the SKS.
The staff was friendly and helpful, both at the range and the handgun and rifle counters.
Knowledgable and eager to please.
Will definitely go back.

Ok, overall I really like SGC a lot!
I had a membership for over a year.
I've taken friends and family there to shoot.
Hell I even got to shoot a machine gun for my birthday!
The place is modern, clean and a great selection.
They are high priced so that is a little ding on them.
My major issue and why I gave them a low rating is because of there customer service.
I've had long waits that were not necessary.
I've been ignored.
I've been talked down to.
Just a rude and cocky bunch of people who over all don't treat there customers well.
There are a few employees that are great.
But it's maybe 2 - 3 and that's it.
My major issue and what caused me to cancel my membership was how the handled a billing issue.
I was double charged on my card for my monthly membership back in 2010.
I called and informed them and they fixed.
Great.
Then in October(2011), I was double billed again.
I called and spoke to Seth and he told me the same story I heard back in 2010.
He was nice and said he's fix it and refund my charge on my credit card.
I waited a full month and it was no corrected on my card.
I went into the store and asked to speak with Seth.
He came out and I explained the situation and showed him the bill.
He said he wasn't sure why it didn't go through and said he'd fix it and kept a copy of my bill.
I also asked him to cancel my membership and since it was only a few days after the last billing if he could refund me for November since I was canceling and not going to use it.
He said sure no problem and gave me his card for when I want to reactivate my account.
I left feeling a bit annoyed that this happened twice and that after calling I still had to come down.
However I felt good about Seth as he seemed to care and was going to fix the problem right away.
Well that didn't happen!!!!
It has been since the beginning of November since I went to the store and spoke with Seth and since the beginning of October since I called him the first time.
I still have not been credited on my credit card.
So since being a member, I was double charged a total of 3 times and after alerting them it was only fixed once.
Very disappointed and feel like they stole from me.
Actually they did!

So after writing my first review on 12/29/2011 I was contacted by phone and email by Seth Good on 1/3/2012.
We communicated back and forth in emails.
For some reason the charge back to my card was showing on there end but not on my card.
After a short bit of time Scott was able to get the charge back to go through.
He also said he wanted to send me a package.
The next day I received a fed-ex package from SGC with some nice t-shirts and other swag.
Then two days after that my charge back showed up on my card.
Seth Good handled this problem quickly, professionally and beyond my satisfaction.
I never expected to hear from SGC about my review and it was really nice to see how much Seth cared about his members and how far he went to fix the problem and make sure I was satisfied.
When I decide to join another gun club again it will be back at SGC and it will because of Seth Good and his commitment to making sure his members are satisfied at the end of the day.

In full disclosure, I have never actually been to the Scottsdale Gun Club.
And after my attempts to contact them, I doubt I ever will.
My husband went with a buddy before Christmas, and talked about a membership.
The memberships are expensive, and I wasn't sure he was serious about it, so I considered purchasing a gift card online.
I wanted to make sure he could use it for range fees, and not just merchandise, but could never speak with anyone there.
Neither emails nor telephone calls were answered.
When I gave up, my mother decided to try her hand at it as well.
She called two different numbers on their website; no answer at either, and the calls were not returned.
So maybe this is a great range.
Maybe they have a great store.
But one thing is certain.
Their customer service is non-existent, and my husband's foolish dream of shooting together (as opposed to at each other) and buying me my very own gun are over if it means I ever have to step foot in this place.

I picked up an interest in target practice a few months ago, and while I'm no Top Shot, I'm decent at shooting.
Since then I've been practicing to gain more accuracy and speed and have been trying out different handguns to see which one will be "the one.
"  Most of my experiences have been at Caswell's, since it's the closest indoor range to where I live.
After trying out a variety of semi-autos at Caswell's, I wanted to try out a few Berettas that were offered only at SGC.
If I had to pick SGC or Caswell's, I'd pick Caswell's.
The facility here at SGC looks newer, and there is more selection for renting, but my experience here was odd, and I'm not sure I'd go here again.
First of all, when I tried to call their number to see if a particular semi auto was available for rent, the phone rang and rang... and rang... no one picked up.
Whenever I've called at Caswell's I've always been able to reach someone on the phone.
So, I left it up to chance and made the drive up to North Scottsdale (and hoped that the website was updated).
When I got there I asked the associate at the counter how long of a wait there was for a lane.
She replied curtly "There's no lanes open.
"  Well.... that wasn't really answering my question, but OK...
Since it was my first time here I had to fill out a 2 page waiver and watch a video on the 4 safety principles of using guns.
The website said you could skip it if you watched it online, but when I told the associate at the counter she also replied in the same curt tone that the one they had online was shorter.
Comparing the two, there was only like, 1 or 2 minutes of extra footage that was kind of self-evident stuff about gun safety.
Going up to rent my semi-auto, they did not have the caliber I wanted, despite saying they had it on the website.
So, I opted for the same gun, but in a different caliber.
The lanes are operated electronically like Caswell's, although the ones here run better and seem newer.
The really odd part of my experience here was I went out to get another box of ammo, and when I came back, my target was gone!
I looked around, and even looked in the trash to see if someone had thrown it out, but it wasn't there.
WTF, what kind of klepto steals used targets from a gun range?
Now while the first associate wasn't very friendly at all, the others that I got ammo and rented guns from were a lot friendlier.
But it only takes one unfriendly associate to alter your perception of a place.
Now that I've tried Scottsdale Gun Club and the facility, I'll take the cheaper rates, older facility, but better customer service at Caswell's over Scottsdale Gun Club.
Total price (not including tax):  $15 Handgun rental $20.99 .45 ACP per box $15 lane fee per person Bull's eye style targets $.70 per target

Been thinking about how best to spruce up that resume?
Employers are always looking for signs of creativity and not just some run-of-the-mill MBA, fresh out of WP Carey honors college.
Employers want REAL creativity.
This is why I recommend the Scottsdale Gun Club.
A couple of sessions here with your 9mm Glock, followed by a few tequila shots next door at K. O'Donnells, and you'll be ready to knock off that Seven-Eleven, this of course to augment your unemployment check.
Not only can you add the term 'Lone Gunman' to your already accomplished resume, if you hit the 7-11 on Friday night, you'll have some extra holiday spending cash from all their liquor sales.
(Try to pick one in South Phoenix).
Keep up the good work, and remember,  America runs on Noslers!

My experience at Scottsdale Gun Club has always been great.
My dad had taken my sister and I here to shoot guns of course, a little over a year ago.
What I appreciate about SGC is the emphasis on gun safety.
I explained that I had zero experience and that I was concerned about a Zombie Apocalypse and they were understanding and enthusiastic about my interest in familiarizing myself with a gun.
Very time I come I am greeted with exceptional customer service.
The staff is very knowledgeable, and they are able to balance creating a safe environment as well and being fast, fun and friendly.
Troy, Michael and Brandi are absolute angels and make my visits pleasant.
Since my first visit I have been back many times, my dad got a membership.
I also received training in handling and firing an AR-15, as well as hand gun training with Joe Bridgman.
Joe Is an excellent instructor, I 100% recommend learning anything about a gun from him.
He is very knowledgeable and asked what I wanted to learn from each training.
What I really want to stress is the way Joe communicates his expertise into the lessons, he takes your level of experience no matter where its at and helps you become better.
In no way did was I ever made to feel uncomfortable or out of place because of my skill level.
He addresses how to be a better shooter in such a manner that breaks down the process of shooting at a target into a relatable and simplistic form that anyone can benefit from.
I am so thankful for the experience, I have at SGC each and every time.
I cannot wait to get back there soon.

If you can get in on a guest pass, this place is great.
Plenty of different guns to rent.
Very little wait time when I went.
Staff was very nice and helpful.
Would definitely go back.
Annual membership is pretty expensive, though worth it if you have the money

Scottsdale Gun Club is the nicest indoor range I have visited in the Phoenix valley.
I just wanted to add to other comments.
This is the only public range I have visited that allows shooting from a holster.
You have to take a class or schedule a safety and marksmanship test to get their holster certification.
They offer a wide variety of formal classes.
I attended CCW class there.
CCW class instructors were a former police officer and a defense lawyer.
There are two excellent personal instructors that are always booked weeks in advance.
Well worth the wait.
I try to get two private lessons a year to tune up my shooting and stop bad habits.
One hour of personal instruction with Jon was more helpful than all training received during six years in the Navy on the ship's security team.
There is a female only group - Ladies of Liberty - for a low stress introduction to guns for the women.
They also offer a monthly family gun safety class.
Reservations are required but the safety class is free.
The place is popular and can seem hectic at times.
I have waited for a lane for an hour a couple of times during Saturday or Sunday afternoons.
Usually, I wait less than 10 minutes and regularly don't wait at all.
Members get priority, but when busy, lanes are set aside for non members so everyone gets a chance to shoot.
There are lots of families on the range.
The range is clean and air conditioned.
Bullet proof glass partitions give an open feel and make it easy to collect brass for reloaders.
Range officers are helpful and friendly.
I've received good advise and assistance when needed.
I asked one RO to see if my gun sights were off.
He shot one ragged hole in my target with five rounds.
It wasn't the gun.
Another showed me why the slide would not lock back after the last round was fired.
Turns out I was resting my thumb on the slide lock lever.
Members get range priority, training and product discounts.
If you shoot twice a month, membership pays for itself.
They offer membership discounts for current or former military or law enforcement.
SGC is an easy place to maintain or improve your marksmanship.
It was worth my money to become a member.

Only a little pricier than Shooter's World, a lot nicer, but probably won't go back.
I was interested in trying out some of their guns but you have to purchase their bullets, that's where they get you.
I took my 11 year old son, who is almost a better shot than I am, and they watched us like a hawk, to the point that I felt uncomfortable.
I understand why they would be cautious but I would never endanger others, my son knows the rules.
In the lane next to us was a man firing off what sounded like a cannon.
They should have a seperate section for the boys with big toys.
You don't have to clean up your casings afterwards, which is nice.

very reasonable prices when using the gun range.
I will definitely be coming back since i've gotten my kimber.
as far as prices on their guns for sale there they are out of their minds.

Fair warning:  This place is a 4.5 but I'm rounding up because flattery totally works.
Dude who helped us literally not kill each other goes to my friend and unbeknownst to me, but about me, "Yea.
Don't mess with her.
" --That's right crazy drunk woman who steps on my toes with your heels while I'm belligerently buzzy/drunk.
You bess watch out!!
Back to the review...  Second caveat:  I'm from nyc and don't have a firearm license (yet), so I've now only been to 3 total shooting ranges, but here's my humble opinion of the SGC anyway:  Love.
It's spacious.
They take their safety seriously and offer eye and ear protection in the form of clear safety classes and mufflers, but learning from past experience I opted to buy a packet of ear plugs to wear underneath the mufflers.
Yea yea.
I'm a wimp so sue me.
The staff behind the counter was both efficient and nice; they answered all of our questions with patience and humor.
(We were a group of 4 ;) girls, but c'mon I'm sure they're nice to everrrrrybody.
) I appreciated the double door system for controlling traffic in and out of the range and store and variety to guns to test out.
(The patron in the stall next to us was demoing something ridiculous like an elephant shotgun.
Do those even exist?
)  But most importantly...
I liked the wide selection of fun targets.
Who doesn't want to shoot a zombie camel?!
Awesome bachelorette party stop for about $200 for 4 girls.

As a first timer, I was plenty intimidated waking in, but everyone there was easy to talk to.
Any beginner will be shooting confidently in 3 minutes.
I was still nervous, but knew exactly what to do as far as safety and handling, and had fun for the next hour.
Lane charges are more than I expected, but they have packages that look good if I decide to go regularly.
Huge (massive really) gun rental choices.

Been a member for quite some time.
This is a very comfortable place to shoot,and the air conditioned environment is great.
Sales people know their stuff, and will always flock to help provide a solution for any problem.
I do have a suggestion for an improvement that would make me, and others, feel safer about shooting there.
I arrived one afternoon to find a group of 11 people all coming together to shoot.
It was obvious that they did not own a firearm, and had never  used a firearm before.
They were asking the employees at the counter how to load and fire the weapon, repeatedly.
They took the weapon, ammunition, were assigned a lane after being verbally and visually ran through how to fire the weapon, along with basic safety advice and went in to shoot.
I checked into a shooting lane right after these people, and asked to be placed as far away as possible from the new people as possible, because I knew that no employee was actually going to go in and watch them fire for the first time.
There was one range master for about 30 lanes, and he just can't be everywhere at once.
A moment later I walked into the lane area, and  was walking over to my bay.
At that point, one of the new shooters and their significant other had just got done shooting the weapon.
This person then walked out of the bay, with the hand gun in thier hand, and was effectively waving the gun in all directions of traffic.
This person was obviously excited about just shooting for the first time, but when you walk out of the bays with a weapon in your hand, and are aiming it in the direction of other people...
I couldn't see clearly if this person had their finger on the actual trigger, or in the trigger well, but it actually made me duck into an unoccupied bay, because i didn't want to be in the line of fire in case this person had an accident.
I then set my stuff down, walked over to the range master and shared what just happened, and he was very pleasent to speak with.
He immediately walked over and provided a stern warning and education on how to shoot safely with neighbors nearby.
I have just seen this too many times, and the one thing that sets this range apart is the fact that people who have never fired a weapon can come in and start firing within minutes, without someone giving them a demonstration on how to fire in the actual bay and then observing their behavior when firing.

Great first time experience at a public shooting range.
It was over 25 years since I did target with a .22 Ruger at university and the memories came back going into the range and helping the person I was with experience their first time with a handgun.
The range of weapons you can rent is quite extensive and being from New Jersey the ease of access in Arizona is comical.
If there is a down side to this openness on the range it is worrying about the people next to you!
I did not see anything unsafe myself but I was looking to be aware of any unsupervised first timers as the club does not seem very diligent about monitoring excitement and nervousness of complete newbies.
Maybe more is going on in the heads of the RSOs behind me to monitor this but you only need one slip to ruin all of your days ahead.
What I would like to try the next time around is the machine gun experiences they offer.
It was too much to take in on this trip but seeing the people next to us being walked through -- yes, the club DOES help you for this level of learning -- it all seemed fun, safe, and entertaining.

Been shooting all my life and having gone to 10+ indoor ranges in California, Arizona, and Illinois this is by far the nicest.
I've been a member since 2008 and don't regret it.
The target holders are electronic not like the pull lines in others.
Ventilation is good which is important if you shoot often.
Great to shoot during the blistering Arizona summers.
Their firearm prices are actually pretty good.
I've plenty other stores in the Scottsdale, Phoenix, Tempe areas that charge more.
For example, a Gen 3 Glock 17 is still $499 at SGC, at others, they're charging $550 or more.
Some staff are better than others.
Most staff are very helpful, a very few are more typical of gun shop employees, you know the type if you've frequented enough gun shops.
The weekends are too packed.
And I'm very weary of new shooters.
If you're a new shooter, please go with someone with real experience, not video game experience.

BOOM!
Did I just die and go to firearm heaven?
This place rocks!
I hail from a strange land not too far West that is technically another country as far as I am concerned so shops like this always "wow" me.
However, that "awe factor" aside, this place has a HUGE selection of firearms, accessories, apparel and a very knowledgeable staff.
All of which make it great without the initial "Awe".
After walking in and seeing what appears to be a Dillon M134 mounted in the middle of the floor, my first impression was "Oh yeah, now this is a gun store!
" "Get some!
Get Some!
"  Anyway, they have tons of different manufacturers and models of 1911s, Springfield XDs, Glocks, HKs, FNs,  AR-15s, AKs, M1As, Thompsons, various SBRs, bolt guns/precision/long range rifles and knives just to name a few.
They also have tons of range gear, apparel, equipment and honestly, too much good stuff to list.
It's freaking Toys "R" US for the firearm/weapons enthusiast.
I was a with a friend who was a new resident to AZ and was asking a bunch of questions regarding the laws and the firearm purchase process in AZ and the employee was very knowledgeable and detailed in answering his questions.
This is the most impressed I have been with a gun store in a very long time.
Next time I am in the area I need to try out their range.

I was around when SGC first started talking about building a state of the art gun range and retail outlet.
To be honest, I was skeptical the market could handle an upmarket gun store.
I have been shooting competitively my entire life, and currently shoot three to four times a week in organized matches.
So I was, and am still thrilled at the success of the Club.
Their prices are not unreasonable, considering the location, and their staff are great.
I have taken their Concealed Carry Course with Attorney Tim Forschey.
He is in a word, awesome!
This is my fifth CCW course (I repeat them to stay up to date with changes in the law) and to be honest, the legal side is a little boring.
But Tim is great, making it both interesting, as well as practical.
I have also shot at their indoor range, and its a great facility.
I have heard people say not all their staff are helpful.
I guess all businesses have that, but I know many of the their people, and the ones I deal with are experts in their field.

Wow, what a far cry from my last experience!
Went in at about 4pm on a Thursday.
There was one group of people ahead of me in the line to check in for the range.
The female employee helping them out finishes up, sees me (and one or two people behind me) waiting, and then just walks away and starts chitchatting with another male employee.
Minus points.
After about another minute of waiting, an employee named Troy walks over and asks me what I need.
I tell him I want to check in to the range.
He asks if I'm a member; I say I'm not.
He says there will be a wait.
I ask how long.
He says, for non-members, there's no way to know how long the wait is.
This confuses me, so I ask him for clarification.
He says that there is a line for non-members and a line for members and that members get to jump in line ahead of the non-members.
Aside from the fact that this means there is only one line, not two, I'm fine with this policy.
So I ask him how many non-members there are ahead of me.
So he walks over where they keep the IDs, sifts through a couple and says that they have 3 people waiting.
I ask him if all three are non-members or members, and instead of answering the question, walks over to a different section of the counter and starts helping someone else!
So after about a minute or so, he turns to me and asks if I want to wait.
I remind him that my question was how many non-members were waiting in line ahead of me, and he says, "oh" and then just starts helping someone else!
So I left.
Incredibly disappointing especially given the great experience I had last year.
That's too bad.

I grew up hunting quail and walked into SGC for the first time knowing very little about handguns.
I had decided that wielding a shotgun around in my house was less than efficient for self-defense purposes and wanted something to keep in my nightstand.
I've found the staff at SGC to be very good.
I've made a point of talking to different guys and getting different opinions - everybody I've talked to was highly competent and knowledgable, almost all with police or military background.
All were tolerant of my newbie questions.
I found one guy to be a bit pompous, but I just don't seek him out anymore.
The good far outweighs the bad here, and they have some genuinely great staff members that truly make the place.
Sam, Robert, and Michael come to mind.
With regard to some of the negative customer service reviews:  SGC has gotten hugely popular, so I understand that these guys just get pounded with everything under the sun all day long.
I think they do a great job of maintaining positive attitudes, considering.
I am almost always asked if I need help with something, the rare exception being during one of their rush-hour periods like the weekends.
I think the gun prices are fairly competitive.
They will match any shop in town, but not online.
Their inventory is pretty extensive, and they get new stuff all the time.
I've never used them for an FFL transfer, so I can't comment there.
The range will make non-members wait, even if it seems like there are open lanes.
This might be by design to entice you to shop while you wait or buy a membership, as others have mentioned.
The membership is a decent deal if you intend on shooting at least twice a month, but it is also a year-long commitment.
Factor in the cost of ammo, and you're easily looking at $1000+.
I kind of wish they had some sort of tiered program or lesser membership.
The facility is new and clean.
About the only thing that would really make this place would be a lounge and sitting area, but you can't have it all.
As it is, if you really don't want to browse the store, you can sit and wait in the video viewing chairs.
Overall, it feels very safe and organized.
That said, it is kind of startling how fast anybody can just walk in, watch an 8 min.
video (in a busy hallway), and be shooting on the range.
The range marshalls do a good job, but it seems like there could be more of them as one person can't be in all 3 rooms at the same time.
The marshalls will answer any questions you have about the target retrieval system, etc.
IMO, SGC should have a marshall automatically show first-time shooters the ropes and walk them through the basic functions of setting the target and loading the firearm.
I had to ask a marshall for assistance and was sort of surprised that it wasn't part of the routine process.
I'm a competent, responsible adult; it's callous, careless 18 year-olds that I worry about.
My only complaint about the range would be that they should put all machine guns and super loud weapons in the same room and offer patrons the ability to elect to be away from said weapons.
Shooting a handgun while a machine gun right next to you is rocking your core is just not enjoyable.
It will teach you to focus, though!
But seriously, just not fun.
I will usually wait until they are done to finish practicing.
While I haven't dealt with them over the phone (which doesn't sound like it works very well), I would feel comfortable with any sort of special order through SGC.
They are very organized and professional.
Their online inventory system is very accurate and up to date in my experience.
I'll update this again at some point and intend to take one of their classes in the future which I will also review.

Not that I've been to a huge number of gun shops or shooting ranges but I've been to a few.
SGC is the nicest I've been to....by far.
The place is pretty immaculate.
They have a tremendous selection of weaponry to choose from.
All of which looked to be less expensive than I'm used to seeing.
I used the indoor range and rented a pistol.
The employees were all helpful and patient.
Answering questions and letting me look at whatever I wanted.
And they were quite busy while I was there.
It was a very good time out.

This review is for the membership desk only.
I recently bought a membership for my husband for a gift.
I know just enough about the membership to be dangerous.
The young man who helped me at the desk was great.
Had most of the information in his computer because my husband had shot there before.
It was fast and easy.
I had no issues with them not paying attention or being attentive.
My husband liked his membership and my son is so excited to shoot.

Pretty nice place, reasonably priced and well staffed.
Firearms selection is great and service is better than most gun shops.

My friends and I tried going here on a weekend a couple of months ago.
After waiting for over an hour, we finally gave up and left.
If you don't buy one of their memberships, then you are basically treated as junk.
They were trying to push the membership on us the moment we walked in and then said since one of us was not a member, we had to wait until lanes opened up.
And then as time rolled by, they again were trying to push the membership fee on us...why would any of us invest in a membership when they couldn't even let us try the place out??
We have gone to AZ Shooters World since that experience and have not had any wait times and have not had to pay any membership fees.
The employees at the Scottsdale gun club sounded very knowledgeable and helpful if you wanted to purchase a gun, but I would not purchase a membership to use their shooting range OR buy a gun from their establishment based on this experience.

Granted the place was pretty busy but the salesman I talked to Jeff made it clear he wasn't interested in helping me.
Too bad - I was prepared to drop a few grand on a couple new pieces to add to my collection and accessories.
With that kind of treatment I have no problem taking my business elsewhere.

Took a CCW class here.
Awesome.
Great facility, great instructors.

Came here last weekend with a group of friends and had a great time shooting.
The range was pretty crowded, but most are on weekends.
One of my friends was a member, so I guess that helped get us to the front of the line.
We didn't have to wait for lanes at all.
It was only my third time going shooting, so I was really happy that the range officers were attentive and helpful.
They helped me improve my stance and grip on the gun in a friendly manner.
I can't really think of any complaints about this place!
I would come back here again.
ps - if you are a beginner I recommend getting the lighter colored targets, like the basic #11. the darker targets make it really difficult to see where your bullet hit.

Amazing indoor pistol shooting range and retail store.
Much better then anything available in California.
Selection and staff support was good including plenty of 5.56  / 223 ammo for purchase.

Been a member for 6 months and really like it.
Scottsdale Gun Club never gouged like the others when ammo was in short supply and I appreciate that.
It's a great club with an incredible training staff (I have taken 3-4 classes and each one was top notch).
My only suggestions are they need more classes as they book up fast and are booked out months in advance.
On weekends and holidays there is usually a short wait.
A few other reviewers complained about the fact that Scottsdale caters to members and puts members in the front of the line.
Ahhh of course they do - IT'S A CLUB so members should and do always get to use the club first, visitors second.
My only other critic of the club is that many times it is difficult to find someone to help when you are looking to purchase.
Dark blue shirts are newbies and work the register and range checkin - black shirts do the selling and red shirts are management and trainers.
It can be frustrating when you want to see a firearm or have a question and you ask a blue shirt - they sorta look at you like huh!
So if you want to buy - find someone with a black shirt and flag them down.

Very nice indoor gun range.
Good selection in the store and they do a good job of being fair about ammo sales during the present paucity of brass.
I also took their 8 hour CCW class and I highly recommend.
Tim Forshey is a local lawyer and teaches the afternoon portion of the class dealing with applicable laws.
He is very knowledgeable and won't bullshit you or sugar coat anything (he even painted a couple of mental pictures of assailants and assailees shitting themselves during armed encounters).
Great place to take a CCW class.
Sometimes they seem a little understaffed, but I've never waited more than 5 minutes for range check in.

I ordered 3 of the US Palm MPARv2 this past weekend from them.
I opened the package and noticed the rigs didn't look like the posted description or photo.
I called them and was told the reason for the discount is because some of them are defective, won't come with the bungee retention or pistol magazine holders.
WTF, would of been nice to have known prior to ordering.
The customer service rep said they "dropped the ball", really??

Great place to come and shoot in A/C controlled ranges.
If your a member you usu don't have to wait.
Ask for Robert, very helpful and knowledgeable.
I've taken ccw and Defensive shotgun classes here.

This is tricky.
The store itself is beautiful and fully stocked with all kinds of fun stuff.
Prices are a bit high, but you're in North Scottsdale, so you expected that, right?
Where things turn south is customer service.
I have had a few good experiences, but have also gotten the stank eye, and the "You're not worthy" kind of treatment, which is no good.
I mean I get it, you work at a gun store, you have a polo shirt, you're wearing tactical pants- I get it, you're super rad.
But maybe your customers shouldn't be shat upon?
So while it looks super cool, and has tons of fun stuff, it isn't in my top ten gun stores to buy things from.

My first time here, and all I can really say is.....
I AM IN LOVE!!!!!
I went to SGC twice in one day!
I am from CA where the gun laws just sucks ass!
But being here at Scottsdale Gun Club made my weekend a memorable one!!!!
I have been to several indoor gun ranges, and this is by far the BEST!!!
I had a BLAST and everyone there is so friendly!!!!
I WILL be back!!!!

I absolutely love Scottsdale gun club!!!
The staff is extremely helpful and friendly.
Ladies shoot free on Monday nights ;)

Who woulda thunk it - ME spending time at a shooting range?!?!
But, now I get to call myself a gun totin' liberal.
;)  I can't really compare the Scottsdale Gun Club to other indoor ranges in town, as I haven't been anywhere else.
After three visits - the staff is courteous and professional, the retail display space is clean and  well organized, and there's a large selection of courses offered.
Plenty of firearms for rent, as well.
I have someone teaching me the basics of shooting - and SGC has been a perfect location for that - plenty of space and plenty of people on hand to answer all the questions I have!

Every thing started out awesome when i first became a member.
Customer service was awesome, staff was friendly, and pricing was great.
Now if i try to call in to reserve a lane, I cant get ahold of anyone.
Yet to say, I cancelled my membership.
Maybe if they go back to how they conducted business before, then I will return.

A very nice place, but a bit packed.
I enjoyed my shooting time and loved that I could shoot a full auto weapon.
The instructor was nice and fixed my jam on the brand new MP5 multiple times for me.
Was patient and the store has a great ambiance and nice people.
Tidbit - members get a free rental of a automatic rifle and 2 clips of ammo

The selection is 5 stars IMHO, but the customer service gets 0 stars.
I completely agree with the review that talked about the poor customer service.
"You're not worthy" just about sums it up.
Whats up with that SGC?
Step up your service.
Anyway, despite leaving feeling like crap I left with what I wanted so thanks for that I guess.

We were three rookies looking for something to do and so we filled a couple of happy hours at Scottsdale Gun Club.
It was fun and the staff there was nice to us.
I get what other reviewers say about customer service and "you're not worthy" attitude because there are a lot of very accomplished shooters at this place.
However, we didn't feel looked down upon.
We did fine.
We rented an AK47 and the staff member was very nice in showing us how it worked and how to shoot it properly.
I appreciated the treatment we received and am seriously considering going back to take a class and learn to shoot better.
It wasn't cheap but then, this is a big, modern facility with a lot of guns from which to choose.

I love the facility largely due to location.
It is one of the nicer indoor ranges I have ever been to.
I wouldn't exaggerate on the customer service but that seems to be typically in the firearm retail world for some reason, but when you do engage with someone they are always nice.
Relatively the best indoor range the the nation.

Definitely worth getting a membership here considering there are very few ranges.
The club is very well maintained considering it is 10 years old.
They have a good selection of high end weapons colt, POF, SIG, Kimber and Barrett for sale and demo just to name a few.
They have a wide variety of ammunition but don't seem to carry the same type every time I visit.
The selection is ever changing.
The staff are extremely kind but some times you get the feeling that they don't care and they want to give a blanket excuse or statement to enable them to be lazy and not find out the exact information.
The wait for a member to use the range at max is 5 minuets.
Any time I have had to wait that is the longest.
The range it self is somewhat short but has a lot of lanes.
I think it is 25 yards or 75 feet.
Each lane has it's own system to extract the lead fumes and replace it with cool air.
The dividers are made of bullet proof glass which is a huge bonus.
My biggest fear is the person on either side of me especially when it's their first time handling a firearm.
The gunsmithing department does a superb job, had them rebuild an AR and it has run flawlessly.
The return time was about 1 week.
They also do scope installations and sighting in which seems to be something they do not do that often considering it has taken 1 month to have a scope installed and sighted.
Kept getting the response  "one more week" or "it should be done by the end of the week" What a shame.....
The lengthy wait is supposedly due parts being ordered wrong in this case scope rings, but if you have the parts in hand the return time is extremely reasonable.
They also do not answer the phone and I am forced to call customer service to find out the status.
When I speak to the agent sometime they go and check and other times they transfer me to the gunsmithing even though I specifically tell them I have gotten no response from them, and secondly if I wanted to contact gunsmithing I could have selected it on their automated phone system.
The fees for both the range and the gunsmithing are fair.
I would definitely recommend  this place for first timers and the active shooter but that is for the range quality.
If your are a patient person then I would recommend the gunsmithing but if not luckily the Phoenix metro area has other superb gun smiths.

At one time I went here often--rented guns, used the range and purchased numerous items.
They have great stock, but let's be serious....you can buy the same thing if you go for a short drive outside of Scottsdale for a lot less.
For me it's ease of location from my house.
As a growing number on here have pointed out, the customer service is awful.
I walked in with intent of buying and was glared at by one guy and ignored by all others.
No need for that, as I look like an average Joe and I'm not your uppity N. Scottsdale customer.
It's a shame, as this was a cool place and stocked with great stuff.
But lately it's packed with people petting guns and snapping selfies of themselves with no intent of purchasing.
Rude customer service and silly customers drives off the serious gun owner.
Good luck!

