During the work week I have to eat out for lunch quite a bit and I get tired of paying 10+ for lunch.
I remembered hearing something about Boston Market having a $5 lunch special so I figured I would go check it out...
Finally there is a place that has good, somewhat healthy and well priced lunches!
Your choice of carver sandwich with soup/salad and a drink, they have soup and salad and I can't remember the others but it was a pretty nice selection.
You pay more at McDonald's for a combo and this is way better!
If you are out and about for lunch I would highly recommend going here.
I'm sure most people have eaten here before so the food won't be a big surprise but the price is GREAT!
This will definitely be a go to for me.

I haven't been to a Boston Market in ages.
But went in there last month for a change of pace during a sorching hot day.
I LOVE the Boston Market A/C at this location.
I had the half chicken with the Sweet Potatoes and Tortilla soup and a soft drink for about $11.
The food was phenomenal.
The cashier even said the soup was bottomless, wow!
The soup was great, one serving was enough for me.
The chicken was cooked perfectly and delicious.
And I always save the sweet potatoes with the creamy melted marshmellows for last as my pseudo dessert (hint - get the sweet potatoes for Thanksgiving).

Pretty decent for fast food.
I haven't been to one of these places in over 5 years.
They serve the typical thanksgiving type foods or comfort foods.
It was late and right down the street from my house so I picked this over Taco Bell.
I had a slider meal.
It had 3 little sandwiches a side and a drink for 5 bucks.
I got two turkey and cheese and a meatloaf.
My side was spinach w/ gobs of cheese creamy unhealthiness.
The standout of the evening was the sign next to the register on the glass case.
It was worth 5 + stars  "We're happy to freshly toss your salad.
Just ask!
"   I laughed and sent the pic to my firneds.
The sign alone makes this place worth the visit

I usually get the 3 piece dark combo which is delicious.
But I have to say those chicken drumsticks and thighs come from the skinniest chickens on the face of the earth.
A couple of nibbles on the thigh and you're basically down to the bone.
I think Boston Market needs to feed those skinny chicken models a little bit more.
For the $9.67 they charge for that meal, which includes a drink; I think Boston Market can do better and I'll just have to go elsewhere for my chicken fix until things improve.

I have been to several Boston Market locations and this one is my favorite.
The lobby is always clean and the staff is friendly.
Prices can be a bit high on some items but worth the money if you want a good homestyle cooked meal without doing all the work.

Our family has a love/ hate affair with Boston Market.
In the early years, Boston Market  was a hot property, as hot as Chipotle is now.
Back then, when it was know as Boston Chicken, the sight of those spinning chickens would make our mouths water.
Then the dot com era burst and people didn't want to go out for something they could buy at their local grocery store.
And then, due to over expansion, Boston Market went bankrupt.
So now, if you are following along at home, this when McDonalds came in and bought the company and saved them.
I forget what state we were living in at the time, but it seemed that all the Boston Markets, but a few were closed over night.
Today, we have a more upscale restaurant.
Not quite a wait-service place, but close.
You order, like always up front and someone will come by and deliver your meal to your table.
Nice!
They even have fancy napkins and everything.
How about those green tinted Coca-Cola glasses, eh?
LOL  Where our family has a disconnect, is the more upscale price and somewhat diminished quantity; hence value for our money.
They've also change several standard menu items like stuffing and cream spinach for what benefit I cannot understand.
In retail, you don't fix things that aren't broken!
The food is still good.
The service is even better and the menu is still mostly (with the above noted exceptions) unchanged.
It's just times have changed.
Fry's and every other supermarket offer a fully roasted chicken for $6.00, and those guys at Chipotle are growing exponentially.
And one of these days, the public is going to figure out that El Pollo Loco is just as good.
So, we don't come here as often as we would like.
It's just now, there are so many places in the crowded "I don't feel like cooking tonight dinner market.
"  Sorry!

There were bubbles of soap shining on the tops of my various side dishes so I couldn't even eat my lunch.

Food is mediocre at best.
Everythings been sitting out way longer than it should.
Lance the manager has a very fake attitude.
Pretends to be nice to customers but clearly isn't a pleasent person.
Constantly yelling at his employees as well.
On top of the mediocre food, the prices are way too high.
Got a chicken carver combo for $10.
Not nearly worth that.
Maybe $5.
Also only one drink size?
Worst business module I've ever heard of.

Boo hiss your TV dinners are less salty than your food fresh from this restaurant.
Used to love Boston Chicken but it's declined too much.

Great place to go for the nights I don't want to cook!
They always seem to have fresh food out and ready to go around dinner time.
Love the creamed spinach and the rotisserie chicken as well as the meatloaf.
If you don't want to cook and want some comfort food, stop by this Boston Market.
Clean too!

