I took a hot air balloon ride with Unicorn Balloon at sunrise on a Saturday morning.
The experience was really cool and I especially enjoyed it since it was my first ballooning experience.
My group had purchased Groupons for this trip and we had no trouble redeeming them.
The process is pretty easy- you meet them and they drive you in a van to the launch location, and you're dropped off in the same place they picked you up.
The entire trip lasts about 4 hours, with one hour of flight time.
I thought this was the perfect amount of time as I was ready to come down by the end.
The desert scenery was beautiful and our pilot, Captain Bubba, seemed very experienced and was entertaining.
Although the basket seemed small to fit 12 people, this ended up not being an issue and the ride was comfortable.
My only concern was our landing- apparently the people who were supposed to follow us and help us land were filling out our ballooning certificates so they were late.
We pretty much crashed into the ground, bounced up and crashed back down a few times.
Luckily everyone was okay but this should not have happened.
You are also provided with a champagne breakfast after landing.

I bought Groupons for Unicorn Balloon Company to help my mother fulfill one of the items on her "bucket list".
I was a bit worried, as I had read a less-than-stellar review, but ultimately, I was impressed by the professionalism of this company.
We had no problems using the Groupons and making the reservations a few months in advance.
We met the van at the designated time, and they took us to the launch site, checking the air currents for the best launch site.
They allowed non-riders to follow to the site, as well.
Our pilot, Capt.
John Bagwell, was very knowledgeable and personable, telling humorous stories interspersed with ballooning facts.
He also took video of the flight, which will be available via e-mail at no extra cost - something most ballooning companies do not do.
Our flight lasted about 1 1/2 hrs., and apparently our chase truck had a flat tire, so was a bit late getting to the landing site (though others in view did not).
We did tip on landing, but at the current windspeed, that was to be expected, and the pilot warned us that it would happen.
(Note re: previous reviewer: the chase crew does not "help you land".
) We had a champagne toast and continental breakfast as they presented certificates.
A very nice morning, indeed!

Hot air ballooning is such a wonderful experience!
My boyfriend & I went on the sunrise ride, and it was so lovely.
I have a terrible fear of heights (I can't stand next to the railing on a high building) but for some reason being in a hot air balloon high above the ground feels more like floating on a cloud then the dizzying effect I feel normally.
Our captain was knowledgeable & excited.
It's hard to knock an experience like hot air ballooning.
My only two complaints about an otherwise insanely awesome time is that they make you meet them and then drive around to find the right launch site, instead of them doing that beforehand and saving their paying customers some sleep time (4:30 am is early!).
I noticed that the other companies that launched from the same site as us had a truck go ahead with all the stuff and then the people were brought later.
Also I wish that we had gone higher in the sky instead of staying close to the ground since we were flying over a lot of suburbs (I don't particularly care to see people in their backyards).
After we touched down we had a very nice champagne toast (mimosas at 7 am are particularly refreshing in the desert).
A lovely time, I highly recommend it to everyone!

Unicorn Balloon Company took me on my very first hot air balloon ride, and I had an absolute blast!
I opted for the sunrise ride, and despite the very early meeting time (7am in Cave Creek, which is about 45 minutes away from Phoenix), it was completely worth it to see the first glimmers of dawn spread over the desert, splashing pink hues over every surface.
We wound up taking off near about 15 other balloons (although this is not always the case) and it was sensational to see all the other balloons speckled brightly against the sky.
The basket fits up to 12 people, and though it is a tight fit, it's not uncomfortable and everyone gets a great view.
After the ~1 hour flight, the pilot, John, offered up a champagne toast (or OJ for non-drinkers).
I felt completely safe from start to finish and simply fascinated by the balloons!
PARTING THOUGHT: Must be pretty cool to live in the surrounding area and see the balloons go up every day!

I am not impressed with this company, and they caused us to have a terrible experience with Adventures Out West/Unicorn Balloon Company.
To start off, I made reservations for my balloon ride three months in advance.
I planned this as a birthday gift for my mom's 50th birthday.
All she'd wanted to do for her birthday for the longest time is ride in a hot air balloon.
So, this was supposed to be an exciting, memorable event!
At the time of reservation I was told I was the first one to reserve for my specific day, and that there wouldn't be any problems.
About 4-6 weeks before the balloon ride, I received a phone call from the company telling me they were overbooked for our specific date, and they asked if I'd be able to reschedule since we had the smallest group that day (3 people).
Well, I was driving out from Albuquerque just to be there, and there weren't any other days we could do it since I was only in AZ for such a short time, so I told them we couldn't reschedule.
I was then told that wouldn't be a problem, that we would still be able to have our balloon ride that day.
So, the day of our balloon ride I woke up at 3am, drove an hour to get to the meeting spot, and it wasn't until we were there I was told my name wasn't on the schedule for the day.
The balloon was full and we wouldn't be able to ride.
What?
We we SO mad!!!!
How did they mess up our reservation?
Apparently the office staff is incompetent and someone simply forgot to take note of the final conversation we had and our names didn't get on the schedule.
I wasted all the time and gas money to get out there, plus several hours of sleep, to get nothing.
And, it ruined my mom's 50th birthday.
If I hadn't purchased the balloon rides through Groupon for half off, then I absolutely would have requested a refund and gone with a different, more reliable, company.
I hope this was just a rare occurrence for something like this to happen, but for a professional company where people are paying them quite a bit of money for their service, this should NEVER happen.
I was offered a refund, or the option to reschedule, which we did for the following month.
But then I had to drive all the way back out, wake up early again, etc.
I was also told they would upgrade our flight so that we'd get a video as well as continent breakfast, but they didn't follow through with that either.
I didn't push the issue because frankly, it wasn't worth the bother.
I just know I'll never use their company again, and I will steer any friends and family away as well.
One good thing was the balloon pilot, John.
He was great.
He was very competent and made the flight enjoyable.
More negative things (sorry, I'm on a roll): at the end of the flight you do get a champagne/orange juice toast, but most of the other companies I looked in to also provide breakfast.
Seems like a simple thing to provide.
Another company landed next to us, and we watched as they at yummy breakfast on picnic tables with table cloths they had set up.
After waking up at 3am and spending a few hours out there in the hot dessert, you get pretty hungry!
And another thing: if you weigh more than 200lbs they charge an extra $50.
Pretty ridiculous it seems, and I didn't notice other companies charging that.
So, do your research before you settle on Unicorn Balloon Company, as I think there are better options out there!

