The last time I bought glasses the prescription was slightly under what I really needed.
I waited forever to get new Glasses.
I couldn't find any I really liked, or even liked a little.
Everywhere I went it was the same glasses over and over.
I finally decided to get new glasses after 6 yrs of not even being able to wear my old ones, and driving like Mr. Magoo.
I went in there and they gave me the most thorough eye exam Ive ever had.
It was crazy, I got so many tests and they spent a lot of time matching up the lenses.
They literally had the most awesome collection of glasses of anywhere.
I had seen all these glasses I havent seen at every other place.
They had all the same brands and then some, but they were all the other ones in the collections.
They had these really cool colored ones that were like inside out glass technique.
My girlfriend along with a narrow body also has a narrow head.
Glasses never fit her, they always go passed her face on the sides.
This place has ordered the narrow brands and versions that come narrow.
Unless you have a narrow head you have no idea how hard that is to find.
I am posting some pictures of my glasses.
They will also replace your lenses every yr for 30.00 bucks!

Dr. Farnsworth is the Jam.
I had my first ever eye exam, and she was kind enough to take good care of me.
She did a complete, and thorough eye exam, and explained each test, and the importance of them.
After the exam, we determined, that I indeed needed glasses.
At that point, my prescription was handed over to the very sweet optician who took care of me and let me try on about a dozen different frames before I found the winning pair.
I've sadly lost them in Vegas, but I will soon be back to buy my next pair so that I am not blind as a bat.
LOVE YOU GUYS!

Everyone here is wonderful.
Make no mistake this is no nationwide vision or Lenscrafters.
The doctors hear are very knowledgeable and down to earth.
I drive 45 minutes to go here.

A very nice place to get your routine eye exam.
Never in my life have I visited an eye doc with such a huge storefront!
A circular chaise constitutes the "waiting area," and all the employees wear doctors' coats.
Even sales reps. (I think that's what they are...I wasn't sure).
Everyone is very, very nice and before I knew it I was visiting with Dr. Farnesworth.
She takes her time to examine your eyes and gets to know you a little bit--no rush to get to the next patient!
The equipment is brand new and seems more high-tech than my old eye doc in Denver.
You can even adjust the volume of the music in your exam room.
This is what I call patient-oriented!
A couple things knocked off one star.
One, Dr. Farnesworth dilated my pupils and then had me waiting for 25 minutes to finish up the internal eye health portion of the exam.
Kind of frustrating when I'm trying to get to work on time...Two, I couldn't help but notice that one employee was dressed in a really short skirt and flip flops under her doctors' coat.
A little too riské for a professional office....(I can't believe I'm actually judging someone on their work clothes, but it caught my attention...just imagine what a man would be thinking...)  A little expensive too, but then again it is an eye exam; anything without insurance is bound to be a little pricey.
Contact fittings are out-of-pocket as well.
It was a very pleasant experience; I will be back.
Maybe next time I'll decide to purchase some new glasses!

This office has negligent and incompetent staff and ODD billing practices.
Have bills from medical insurance for sevices that should be billed to vision care.
Requested images and staff did not do the required work.
Called office to come and pick them up - and staff was bewildered as to where they were after they assured me on the phone 2 hours earlier that they were there.
Very disorgnaized bunch and I have no confidence in their professional services.

I can't speak highly enough about the staff at Riviera Opticare.
My wife and I both set appointments for our annual eye exam the day prior to our actual visit.
Upon entering the showroom, we were greeted by all of the staff who weren't currently working with other patients...and THEN the receptionist greeted us.
The exam itself was a typical eye exam.
The doctor was, much like the rest of the staff we had met up to that point, extremely polite.
Since my wife and I both had appointments at the same time, the doctor was kind enough to allow my daughter to come into the exam room with me.
After the exam, my wife and I were faced with the daunting task of picking out frames.
To put this mildly, my wife and I are...let's just say that we're "particular" about our glasses.
Colleen was exceptionally patient with each of us, as we sifted through the myriad of frames they had to offer us.
Once we finally picked the frames, Colleen was fantastic.
She crunched the numbers to determine which option worked the best with our insurance.
It's always nice when someone goes out of their way to SAVE you money.
Colleen informed us that our glasses would most likely be available within two weeks.
Much to our surprise, all three pairs of our glasses (one pair of prescription sunglasses and two regular pairs) were ready in 6 calendar days!
Once we came in to pick up our glasses, the fantastic customer service picked up where it left off.
To save time, my wife and I each sat with different people to ensure that our glasses were to our liking.
My wife sat with Colleen, and I sat with Cami.
As I mentioned before, my wife and I tend to be "particular" about our glasses.
Both Colleen and Cami were exceptionally patient with us, adjusting our respective glasses accordingly to guarantee that our glasses fit JUST right.
All in all, my family couldn't be more pleased with the service we received from Riviera Opticare.
If we still live in this area when our next annual eye exam comes up, you can rest assured that we will be returning to this awesome establishment!!

I was running out of contacts and needed to get my eyes checked anyway.
In the past, I always went to Costco.
With my new insurance plan, I had to find a doctor that was covered under my plan.
They had a few great reviews and this place is a few minutes from where I live.
The inside was not what I was expecting at all.
Their website looks a little outdated and there were no pictures on Yelp.
The office had a lot of designer glasses on display and it was very bright and updated.
The staff that I interacted with were all very nice too.
The exam went pretty well, nothing too out of the ordinary.
They have some cool high-tech gadgets that I've never seen before though.
The contact ordering process was pretty smooth too.
The man who helped me even hooked me up with a rebate that Acuvue was offering on the contacts that I like.
They offer to ship your contacts to you for free or you can pick them up.
Living in a condo, I didn't want my contacts sitting out in the heat for hours so I opted to pick them up in the store.
They came in pretty quickly and I was given a call when they had arrived.
The only reason that I'm not giving them 5 stars is because I felt like it was a little pricey.
I'll have to do more research and comparisons on price when it comes time for my next exam to decide if I will be returning here again.

These folks are AMAZING!
I was sure I was going blind (I couldn't figure out why everything was peachy colored at night for one eye and murky yucky swamp green colored for the other eye, so I made my way over to Riviera.
)  What a great team of people, they are so friendly and genuine that I didn't feel my usual eye-doctor discomfort (which is why I always wait to long to get my checkups).
So I sat with Dr, Blaskovich (she's a hoot!
), opted to get some uber COOL eye pictures taken (yes, my corneas ARE super sexy) instead of fussing with that awful eye drop thing (if you've ever seen a 2 year old have a massive temper tantrum, you MAY get an idea of what happens when eye drops try to get into my eyeballs...it's messy, loud, and at least 2-4 people end up with scratches and bite marks on them)... then I met with an awesome guy who politely and professionally dissuaded me from my usual dreary/severe frames and helped me pick out my new fancy-schmancy BCBG glasses (dude!
They have sparkly jewels and Transitions tint...soooooo sharp).
Great teamwork!

