Hmmm.
I was a little disappointed when I went to this dealership to pick up a t-shirt.
There were plenty of people working there in the retail section of the store, and not one person asked if we needed assistance.
Maybe I don't look like a motorcycle mama.
I did find a cool t-shirt for the man, and I'm sure that if I was needing parts for a hog they'd be great, but a mightier than though attitude from a sales clerk is a huge let down.
I would go back to the dealer in Phoenix to look for anything else I needed.
Oh, they had cool faucets in the restroom.

Nice showroom for the HD experience.
Some bikes were marked above retail HD price claiming market demand.
I hate paying retail for anything.
Don't expect any special discounts.
Hey, it's where the celebrities buy and pay anything...

Great staff, easy to rent but make sure to reserve your ride in advance, the have a limited inventory.

What a great place.
Stopped by to grab some stuff for an oil change and look around a bit.
I must have been greeted by 6 people before I made my way to the parts counter!
Was helped by a very knowledgeable guy who was more then happy to get what I needed.
I explained that I was new to the area and was looking for a dealership to lean on in case I had a problem.
Here this guy was just starting there too.
He was good and they had all the stuff I needed and he even reminded me of the o-ring I needed for the drain plug on my dyna.
Let me tell you, I would have been pissed if I rolled home without it!
On the way out the door I was asked if I had gotten everything I needed and if the "new" guy took care of me.
I told him yes and how everyone had been really nice and he thanked me and introduced himself as the  owner!
Nice dude for sure and the new guy wasn't so new after all, just new there.
Check this place out for your HD needs and the guy at the counters name was Mike, easy for me to remember!

I just bought my first bike and It is a 2002 Buell Blast.
The previous owner did not maintain as well as it needed to but with such low miles it was a bargin!
Mike and Jim in the Service Dept made me feel better about my decision to purchase a used bike and they were very helpful to explain everything to me about what was wrong.
Fortunately the bike is ready to roll and this new bike owner is ready too!
Thanks again to the Service Guys - Mike and Jim!!!

Harleys are one of life's guilty pleasures!
I have come here several times and have always found the employees to be both friendly and helpful.
This dealership also has a rental operation which I haven't used, but is suppose to be very easy to get in and out.
Enjoy!

Unlike most people who come to browse and drool, I actually OWN a few Harley's and a Harley Davidson F150 truck, so here I am purchasing everything under the sun with the HD logo for gifts and bike parts for myself.
The downside of it all is that it is now everywhere, and as a status symbol the merchandise is expensive, which is good since I also have stock in this company too.
Hacienda has a great showroom and their prices on bikes are very reasonable.
If you ever need answers, they're pretty good with those too.
Read a yelp review here from Georgie M who rates the rental operation even when he didn't use it.
Well I have, you need to book early and they have NEW bikes!
Which is cool, my friends fly in from NYstate and were off and riding with no hassles, just remember to totally check out ALL the small flaws and/or scratches on the bike during check-out.

I went to a Ladies Garage Party at the new Harley Davidson of Scottsdale and had a fantastic time!
The staff is knowledgeable, friendly, LOVES to RIDE and shares that joy with everyone they talk to.
I learned about some new equipment and am looking forward  to the new test track that will be opening soon!
I LOVED meeting Ms. Lola, a fellow native New Yorker :-) and talking to her!
Great overall experience!!

HD of Scottsdale has improved drastically since transfer of ownership from Hacienda.
The staff moral is up, and the events are much more exciting.
Purchase a bike and witness the amazing celebration in honor of the customer!!!
Dont miss the next Ladies Garage Party, they have some awesome information and giveaways!!

In July I brought my Motorcycle  for a service.
I did wait, then I needed boots.
To make it short, 7 hours later I did ride my new Dyna  Switchback home.
Thanks to Michele, not only was she very helpful by my purchase for boots etc, she did  tell me all about "the"  motorcycle I looked at and was interested.
So when Kevin came and offer me a  test ride I was sold.
Everybody, from the Service department to the Salesperson, the service was fantastic, friendly and helpful.
Thanks Michele for your help, because of you I got my Dream Bike.
Uschi

Stopped at HD of Scottsdale on my way from Atlanta to San Francisco to get the bike a 10K service and checked out end to end before my ride through the desert to LA.
Ari took care of me: fit me to get a 10K service had the techs fix the improper wiring on the rear turn lights (discounted) and worked on fixing the vintage horn.
Their customer lounge was comfy and the free wifi appreciated.
They even washed the bike, which it was very much in need of.
Last star missing because techs reported that it wasn't the wiring but the horn that was dead.
Turns out when I attached a 12volt feed to the horn it did in fact work.
They didn't charge for the labor on the horn wiring, so it's not like I got took.
Thanks guys for helping with a safe ride back to SF.

Formerly, Hacienda of Scottsdale, our experience here was fantastic!
I was able to test-ride off the lot with Kevin through neighborhoods and open up on the 101 before purchasing.
Judi knew her stuff and was able to answer any performance questions we asked.
Minor modifications needed to be done to accommodate my size and this was left to blind faith since we live out of state but, John, in the service department took good care of us and the bike was ready when we picked it up!
Fits me perfectly!
Give the new owners a chance, this is my 3rd Harley and my favorite dealership!
Look for Lola in clothing.
Thanks to everyone!
I'll be riding in style next time I'm in town.

Attended the Steppenwolf Concert...Very very well organized...!!
!...No lines...The concert was amazing... Will continue to shop there...and attend all future events..!!
!...

Was taking a riding class next door, stopped in to look at a helmet and riding boots.
I was allowed to look around without being pounced upon by a salesman, and the moment I looked like I needed help, Lola showed up and helped me with everything I needed.
Didn't try and sell me stuff I wasn't interested in, answered all my questions and helped me get the right things that I needed that fit perfectly.
If the rest of the dealership is like the apparel store then they have a customer for life!
Great first impression.
Lola is a perfect example of setting great expectations for the rest of the dealership!

If your looking for a Harley please don't waste time with other places like I did.
Go to Scottsdale Harley and ask for Shelly.
Honest, nice, friendly, and a upfront from the beginning.
Everyone was nice but if your looking for a no pressure experience Shelly at Scottsdale Harley is the way to go.
Cold drinks for its guests and friendly staff :)

Great shop.
Easy to work with especially when it came to rentals.
I booked online and picked up signed some papers and I was on my way to an adventure of a lifetime.
Nice and clean and a lot of soft goods on the floor, not very common at the HD shops in my home area.
Great shop nice staff check em out!

New favorite place!
Super nice staff!
Great location.
Amenities are nice and apparently only going to get better with new additions coming.
Husband now a patched member of the Brotherhood of Marine Corp Riders!

Flew to Phoenix for a long weekend and rented a Motorcycle from here, as did about 20 friends too.
Although everyone who works here went above and beyond what their job is, there are 2 I feel compelled to single out for their exceptional efforts to make sure we all got what we needed.
In the rental dept, Dan Dvorak just did everything and more than anyone renting a bike could ask, never mind the fact that 5 or 6 of us were there getting bikes at the same time.
In the clothes division, I had to buy shirts for 4 lady friends back home and thankfully I had Jenna Lee helping me choose the shirts...I had their sizes, but even then buying clothes for ladies can be tricky and yet she did it..She went so far as to ask other sales ladies try on things, if their body sixe and shape was similar to my friends.. Maybe I am jaded by being from the north, but the way they all treated us all was far above and beyond what any of us are used to...Thank you all and a special thanks to Chappy too.

Would like to say I wish all hd shops where like this!
Very friendly staff ,everyone said hello and asked us how our ride was on the way back in.I want to mention two employees that really stood out.Richard and Lola ,Richard made the whole rental process simple and easy!
Lola was very helpful and friendly!
They made our rental almost the best experience in Scottsdale ( next to riding the Harley , of course)

Came out here for Arizona Bike Fest and after the rally decided to swing by and check out this location.
I had read somewhere that this location had one of the biggest sales floor/sales.
Can't say for sure it is but the staff was more then awsome.
Nelson took the time to shed some insight of its new ownership/management.
It's future plans....
Cool guy.
As we walked over to the clothing section Lola came out just as great.
Reassuring us if we needed anything not to hesitate to ask.
Their staff was like no other store I've been too.
It was nice to swing by, take a look and enjoy the hospitality.
Thank you both....

Terrible customer service.
When I walk in, not one person greets me.
The employees are too absorbed in conversation and don't notice the customers walking in.
After I had looked around plenty and found some things I wanted to buy from the motor clothes department I was ready to check out.
The two girls behind the counter were talking to someone for a long time while I waited.
Several sales people were standing close by but never nodded or felt it'd be helpful to ask if I needed help.
I figured I'd walk around the customer service island and wait behind the man they were talking to so I'd get noticed.
As soon as I got close, the two motor clothes girls saw me approach and broke off conversation, turned away and went back to looking busy.
I had to raise my voice and ask if I could pay for this.
One was noticeably bothered and gave me the most curt, annoyed service I'd ever received.
This was during Bike Week when you'd think the store would be prepared to service the customers.
The store was not so busy that they wouldn't notice.
Every where I looked, staff was mostly standing around talking with other "shirt wearing" employees.

In an old review of a restaurant I wrote about how people will go to the same place to eat over and over and then when something bad happens they are quick to come on here and write a bad review about it.
Well this is similar to a review like that.
Here is why.
I'll start with a little background.
I have been coming to this dealership since Rick Hatch owed it, and to me it feels like the same place now that it is under new ownership.
I am sure that will change once the new gigantic dealership is built.
I have enjoyed the rides, parties, bikes, and beers and and everything that goes along with being loyal to a dealership.
Today that has changed.
I decided to get my bike dyno tuned because I have some friends who have the same size engine (88) that I do and they leave me in the dust when we ride.
My bike has pipes (not performance pipes) and a SE air filter and a SE Race Tuner.
I uploaded several stock maps to see what felt best and I decided to really maximize the performance of my bike I needed to have it dyno tuned.
And it would be nice to keep up when everyone takes off at a light.
When my bike was on the dyno the rear tire fell apart.
It was a ME880 and the ones made in Brazil have been known to have problems.
It was a newer tire with a ton of rubber left on it.
When I went to the dealership to see what happened Jeff the tech that was doing the dyno told me that he had the bike going 120 MPH when he started getting hit with rubber.
I didn't know my bike could go that fast.
Anyway they took no responsibility for the tire.
They told me that it was from Brazil and that they stopped making that tire there because of situations like this.
I am aware of this so I was not too pissed.
Well my bike kind of needed a new tire since I couldn't ride it.
If I could have I would have went to Moto Tire and got a new one for less then $200 all said and done.
I talked to a different Jeff who is a service manager and he said that he would hook me up with the install.
He also told me that if I only replaced the rear that I would have miss matched treads and it would ride like shit.
So I told them to do the front too.
The dealership is running a special and it is advertised that if you buy a rear tire you get the front for free and installation is $75.
I will post a picture of it.
When I went to pick my bike up they did not hook me up at all and I was getting the same deal as anyone that walks in off the street.
Jeff told me that he was going to help me out with the install and shook my hand on that.
So his word means nothing!
I was shocked to be handed a bill of 860 something dollars.
Here I was thinking they would take care of me a little bit because they destroyed my tire when it was on their machine.
Kyle the "service consultant" who gave me the bill called Jeff to come deal with me.
Jeff told me that he did hook me up.
No he didn't.
He now tells me that the deal that is advertised to everyone is what he can do for me.
After talking with him for a while he realized that I was never given a quote from Kyle (Jeff said, "they live and die by their quotes".
) probably because he thought Jeff was going to take over based on what he said to me and shook on it.
The entire experience fucking sucked.
I was charged $150 for the install of the 2 tires, $25 for "Shop Supplies" on the dyno tune (what supplies were those?
), and $15 for "Shop Supplies" on the tire install (what supplies were those?).
Besides a weight to balance the tire and some lube what supplies were used to install a tire?
And I thought dyno tune was all labor.
I guess I am wrong.
Jeff did end up taking $50 off, but big whoop.
My $426 dyno tune turned into $815.01 for 2 tires and a tune.
On the tune I went from 62.20 horse power to 62.40 horse power and 67.74 foot pounds of torque to 70.32.
My air/fuel ratio is better by about the same numbers.
I just got home from riding with some friends which might be why this review sucks (my writing I mean), or it could be that it is 2:30 in the morning, but either way I am not happy with my bill from today.
While I was riding I kept thinking about the entire situation and the way it all went down and I feel screwed.
I do like my new tires and even though the tune didn't change my numbers that much my bike did run a lot better.
There should have been more communication, I should have been given a quote for the tires, they should have contacted Metzeler to get the destroyed tire take care of, they should have not charged me $150 to install the tires, and they should have just been all around cooler.
I hope this helps anyone that is thinking about getting their bike serviced here.
And if anyone from the dealership reads this and wants to contact me, go for it.
I am going to bed!

I've bought two bikes from these guys in the past year.
My very first bike an iron 883 and a few months later a softail slim.
Cory helped me with both he's now in finance but if you're in there totally recommend asking for him.
Buying a motorcycle here was a unique experience because there is truly no hard selling happening.
At least at this dealership.
Very relaxed atmosphere and they let you rock a gong when you buy a bike.
Cherry on top is all the babes that work there cheer you on as you do it(simple things in life) Besides having a huge selection and an awesome service department it's just a cool spot to stop by especially on Saturdays.
They always have a BBQ going around noon burgers soda and so on.
Can't wait to see the new space which is currently under construction across the street.

This place is the real deal.
After visiting every dealer in the valley I have found them to be honest, hardworking, and overall a good time.
The employees are positive and upbeat and provide a great atmosphere.
Wont bring my bike to any other service department, cant wait for the new facility!

So 4 stars stands for "Yay!
I'm a fan".
I am a fan of this dealership.
I actually just got my bike back from them again.
After I wrote my last review my bike sat for a few days and when I went to ride there was no air in the new rear tire.
It took me a while to find the leak.
It was actually coming from one of the spokes.
I have aftermarket wheels that you can run tubeless tires on.
I was very hesitant to take my bike back to the dealership after what had happened on my last visit.
I called Ride Wright who is the manufacturer of my wheels and they told me that I can either send them my wheel and have them reseal it for 70 bucks or run a tube on it.
I decided to let the guys at HD of Scottsdale take a look at it because they did just install the tire on the wheel that was now leaking.
They told me that it was nothing that they did and that it was leaking because it was an old wheel, but that they were going to take care of me and send it to Ride Wright and have it resealed.
Well, they did send it to Ride Wright and it now has a new seal.
They did me a solid by taking care of that and it is appreciated.
Everybody there was cool today and they even had a Father's Day event going on with free food and drinks and bikini bike washes and stuff like that.

This may have been one of the most festive and entertaining Harley Davidson dealers I've ever visited.
These folks know how to have a good time at work and they take very good care of their customers with awesome service, great selection of bikes and apparel, and knowledgeable staff.
I visited here a few weeks ago on my visit to Scottsdale.
I am always looking for the best Harley apparel and this place had a huge selection on vests, shirts (of all kinds), and motorcycle accessories.
They also have one of the biggest showroom floors I have ever been to.
If you are a Harley Davidson enthusiast, this is your place.
You will be taken very good care of here.

Best experience I have had buying anything EVER!
I bought my first Harley (an 883 Iron) from Kevin about a week ago and it was an amazing experience!
He took the time to make sure I was comfortable with the bike and introduced me to someone in every department at the dealership to make sure I knew exactly how my bike operates, what accessories I can get, and when I need to service my bike.
Once I actually purchased the bike they had a countdown and I got to bang a gong.
Everyone at the dealership congratulated me personally and they were genuinely happy for me.
They do their absolute best to make you feel like you are joining the greatest club on earth not just buying a motorcycle.

I came in looking for shirts for father's day and was amazed at how helpful everyone was.
Lola in Motorclothes was awesome, everyone was full of energy and seemed genuinely excited to be there.
Met a few of the service guys on our way out, extremely nice and very knowledgeable.
Best dealership in the valley- Leaps and Bounds ahead

