What do you do when you need to get your cycling training but just do not have any desire to tote your road bike on vacation with you?
Rent a road bike right?
But, nobody rents road bikes.
SO you thought.
With an upcoming metric century and a desperate need for some training miles, I decided to do a google search with only little hope to find something.
Thank goodness, AOA EXISTS!!!!
This company offers tours, team building and bike rentals (including both mountain bikes and ROAD bikes.
) And, don't think they just rent out 1970's 10 speeds either.
They have Trek and Specialized road bikes in three classes.
There is standard, performance, and high performance.
I Each class is a different price.
I opted for the middle of the road.
I figured it would be much like my bike at home.
I chose the Specialized over the Trek, since I ride a Specialized regularly.
The components were mainly shimano, and the saddle Specialized.
I made sure to bring my gel saddle, sure that my comfy girlie saddle from home would not come standard.
A good bike overall, for mid range.
The staff was very nice.
They were able to take my reservation an hour before my ride and had what I needed in house.
I showed up and within 10 minutes had my bike, an emergency  kit (C02 cartridges, tire, tools), and a route map for the area that could be modified to meet my needs.
WHAT A RIDE!
Ok, so it was not NAPA, but you cannot expect that in the desert.
Some great landscapes, some steady elevation gains, some quiet roads, some wildlife (rabbits mainly), and a gorgeous sunny day in March.
It just doesn't get much better than that .
I cannot rate this place on their tours or their team building, but I will most definitely be back to rent a road bike when I am in the Scottsdale area.
I will make sure that I make a reservation in advance, though, since this rare find is likely to leak out !
Cant wait to come back and ride again later in the year!!!
Thanks AOA.

A great place!
Fast, friendly service and the bike I rented was well tuned.
They also provided a couple of good routes for riding.

I used AOA about a month ago for some group team building activities.
I have to say, I was very impressed from day one with the service they provided.
Bernard was able to work with me on my time, budget, and activity needs to come up with 2 different activities for the group.
We did the Team Orienteering and the comination of building a bike for charity & then a bike ride in the dessert.
The Mountain biking activity was a HUGE hit, the Team Orienteering wasn't a big hit but that wasn't the fault of AOA...it just wasn't a good fit for my group.
When I called Bernard a few days out to say that I needed to make sure my CEO had a hard bike ride, he assured me Seth would take care of him.
As is turned out...Seth gave our CEO a private ride which he loved and talked about for the duration of the conference.
AOA had helpful friendly staff and excellent equipment.
All the staff seemed to really be excited about what they do and helping out-of-towners enjoy themsleves.
In the end, our CEO was happy and the attendees really enjoyed themselves...which made me happy.
I hope to be able to work with AOA again in the future!

My boyfriend and I were looking to rent bikes for a day and The Bicycle Ranch on FLW directed us to Arizona Outback Adventures.
Their main business is hiking/biking tours, but I still wanted to review them because they were so friendly and helpful with our little rental!
They got us set up with bikes and helmets quickly (each bike was $25 for a few hours).
They gave us a map and suggested specific trails that we take and said they would come pick out to help us if we got a flat.
Great group of people and excellent customer service.
I'd imagine they're great with their tours/activities!

Excellent bike selection, quick in and out, knowledgeable employees on the trails around Scottsdale.
Exact combo I was looking for while on vacation.
Will use again.

TERRIBLE SERVICE,   They told me they had the bikes for rental, then they did not.
DO NOT GO HERE.
Very rude.
When I called back to complain, they hung up on me.

Rented a couple mountain bikes with a friend from work yesterday.
Great experience.
5 minutes outside AOA's front door we were trekking through the AZ outback...a great ride.
Staff was friendly and knowledgable.
Provided several options for local trails, with options for different skill levels.
Equipment was great - mine: double suspension, carbon fiber with clips.
Very cost competitive.
After at great 2 hr.
ride, the best part was cooling down in their office.
Would definitely work with them again.

First I should disclose that cycling is my great addiction!
When traveling without my own bike, I always fit a ride or two into my itinerary using rental bikes.
I rented a bike from Outback Adventures while in Scottsdale, Arizona last week.
When considering the rates, quality of equipment, ease of rental, general policies, and customer relations...I've got to rate this shop the best I have ever encountered!
I return to Scottsdale every year for Spring Training.
I'm so glad that I discovered this place...planning on many future rentals.

(Long but lots to say) Our family and friends had the chance to participate with AOA in a specially customized trip to the South Rim of the Grand Canyon and to Havasupai for hiking, camping, photography and scenery gazing.
The trip was spectacular, but it would have been hard to be anything less given the locale.
Even with the Havasupai Falls and waterways running muddy because of rain for 2 of our 3 days there, we were awestruck.
AOA made the adventure even better!
The information packet they put together left out no details.
By the time I read it, I knew what to expect, and the excitement grew.
I also should say that I am absolutely NOT a camper.
Even after the AOA trip, I'm still not a big fan of tent camping, but that has everything to do with me and nothing to do with the AOA accommodations, which were excellent.
We rode to the Canyon in a 15-passenger van driven by Megan, our lead guide, who kept us entertained, informed and within range of potty stops all the way up.
We visited the South Rim before we checked in at our motel just outside the Park.
Later, after checking into our motel outside the park, we had a group celebratory dinner (for several anniversaries) at El Tovar.
As we walked up to the lodge, we were greeted by an elk grazing on the lawn and then got to watch a big male elk stroll up the driveway to enjoy the grass.
The next day, it was back to the Canyon for an open agenda, each person choosing to do whatever activity they wanted, which was great given the diversity of our group's interests.
Later in the day, we headed for Havasupai.
After spending the night at a kitschy motel close to the trailhead, on Friday (I think...I lost track of time, which was the point), we started the Havasupai part of the adventure.
I'm not in great shape so a friend and I opted to take the helicoper to Supai where we'd meet up with the group that hiked the 8 miles down from the trailhead.
Another group took horses all the way to the camp.
I got to sit in the front seat of the helicopter, and I was speechless at the panorama that exploded before us!
Once we landed after the 4 minute flight, we waited in the cafe for a few hours while the hikers caught up with us, and then we all hiked down to the AOA campground.
The actual camping experience was better than I expected.
AOA's equipment is well maintained in excellent shape and is pretty comfortable.
We rented sleeping bags and linens from AOA so we wouldn't have to deal with them on the way in and out.
It was a good decision.
Compost toilets were only about a 45-second walk from our campsite, far enough away that we didn't "benefit" from any nasty odors or traffic from other campers yet close enough to get to in the middle of the night without too much trouble.
Compost toilets aren't like home, but they're FAR BETTER than those horrible porta-potties or latrines.
We couldn't believe the quality and variety of the food!!
One of our fellow campers goes on fishing trips with a chef, so he's used to good food on his trips.
He told our guides that the food AOA served us was every bit as good (if not better) than his friend the chef's offerings.
We had steak, chicken, salmon, quinoa, vegetables of all types, appetizers and dessert at every dinner, and on my birthday, they made pancakes that spelled out Happy B-Day.
Megan and Chris were our guides and we couldn't have been in better hands.
Megan took special care to accommodate my vertigo, and by the end of the trip, I'd developed more confidence in my ability to navigate hiking trails than I'd ever experienced before.
I'm itching to get back out hiking again, something I didn't think I'd say.
I can't say enough good things about AOA and how well they organized and executed our birthday/anniversary trip!
Thank you, Megan and Chris!

I just finished a half day rental with AOA.
They were great!
We are a family with a small child (2 year old), and we were able to rent two adult bikes and a trailer.
The bikes were comfort-ride, and definitely were, and the trailer was light weight and super easy to use.
Friendly, knowledgeable staff who gave us directions, and even recommended a place for lunch!
We will rent with them again theme time we're here!

For the best possible ride experience I wanted to get set up with quality mountain bike rentals and expert recommendations of where to ride.
This would be my wife's first time out on the singletrack and I wanted her to be confident with the bike, trails and riding conditions while still being challenged making it a positive experience for her.
Annemarie and the rest of the staff at Arizona Outback Adventures made this all possible.
There were several locations nearby to ride with varying terrain and technical difficulty so the AOA staff consulted us and helped select the appropriate trails to match our riding criteria.
Coming from Minnesota, I didn't want to do a lot of difficult rapid elevation climbs and because my wife would be riding with me also, advanced technical trails would not be a good choice either.
We wanted to ride through the desert, take in the spectacular scenery and be challenged while still having some elevation gain and fast downhills.
The AOA staff recommended McDowell Mountain Regional Park which includes the Pemberton Trail and many connecting trails and washes in the area.
Then they supplied us with maps, quality well maintained mountain bikes (Giant XTC 29'er w/ front suspension) for the type of terrain we would be riding, and a bike rack to get them there since it would be about a 40 minute drive to reach the park.
Arizona Outback Adventures' staff had provided the perfect recommendation of where to ride.
The Pemberton Trail was exactly what we were looking for in our first mountain biking adventure in the desert.
If you plan on visiting the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and want to get in some great mountain biking, I highly recommend Arizona Outback Adventures.
The bike rentals, consultation and experienced staff recommendations were all top-notch.

Great rental experience.
Customer service clearly a priority.
Excellent equipment and great advice regarding routes.
Maps available and very helpful.
Will never rent from anyone else again in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.

Excellent experience here.
Nice two year old Roubaix as road bike rental.
Shifted flawlessly for 50 mile McDowell mountain loop.
They even had an assortment of pedals so we didn't have to bring our own pedals to clip in.
Steve, the guy who did all the sizing, etc.
could not have been nicer and even helped us put the bikes into the truck.
They let us pick up the bikes the night before our ride so we could get out early.
We had them back by noon and they only charged us for a half-day.
$60 for new Roubaix is a good deal in my book.
Highly recommend!

I travel often and rent road bikes whenever I can.
AOA has provided the best services I have experienced yet.
The bike I rented was high quality, and in amazing condition and they delivered it to my hotel prior to my arrival.
The website was a pleasure to manage, provided clear and detailed information and the staff was knowledgeable and clearly focused on making my riding experience extraordinary.
If you plan on renting a bike in the Scottsdale area.... AOA is the only place.
Wish they had shops in LA, Dallas and Minneapolis.

