I visited once and found a home church.
Pastor Daryl Delhousaye, John Covell and Bob Wade all gave memorable sermons.
I have a lil meditation / lingering thought (almost prayer) Thank you father (the universal father) for my yelp friends.
Thank you for wonderful places to eat at and meet up near.
Its sooo nice that we're able to enjoy alkie and get ourselves safely drunk (and not drive home).
Most of all, thx for the subtle ability to give testimony via Yelp reviews to my community.
IDEA:  Ministry for clubbers.
2am park in church parking lot Church ministry team offers gatorade and a burrito (in car for $4) I slip in a ministry message ever sooo subltly 245am to 7am sleep 730 am wake up to the sun 740am donuts!
9am first message ** END idea for ministry  **  Campus Crusade for Christ on some campuses does alternative spring break ministry.
Its where you live amongst homeless people.
My alternative ministry is amongst the popular traditional career track people.
NOTE: I don't have a home church here in PA NOTE: I do like soft selling of my boy J.C. and turning traditional blurbs about Jesus into things that meet people's needs.
OBSERVATION: Even if J wasn't the son of god, I'd still worship him 3x the amount that I worship J (as in Jordan, Michael herein J2).
J1 didn't live past 33 but J2 still took kids to the rack regularly.
J2 played for a dick owner but J1s dad let him ass-fix-i-ATE on the cross for days.
I love love love that MJ!
( i have an MJ brag story but will save it for 2008 Yelp kickoff)  Q: Is Pontius Pilate in heaven?
What about Judas??
If they're not there, I am gonna wait at the pearlie gates for J1, JC Ghost,  JC's dad to invite them in too.
Its like all star voting without the unanoniminity or unanamousnous  p.s.
Notes for this were drafted at last nights Elite event at etiquette with Teddy (from cornerstone church SF)

Great church Great Pastor.
We just joined and realized they have a coffee house that serves Starbucks located outside the main sanctuary HOW COOL!!!
The best part is all of the kids drinks are $1!
Our kids love going to church here they are very into Awana and all of the activities they offer GO SBC!

We just moved to the area and truly love this church!
The pastor keeps your attention and really challenges you each week.
They also have many programs for newly married, singles, families and kids.
Definitely check it out!

Felt a connection with this lively, positive-energy filled Church since the first time I went about 5 weeks ago.
Haven't missed a service yet.
Couple weeks ago the Pastor mentioned that listens to 2 types of music, Country & Western- haha, now that's my kind of Pastor!
Lots of opportunity to volunteer and serve in their ministries.
The sermons are honest and give you that unbeatable wholesome happy feeling when you leave.
Great community to be a part of.

Visiting from out of town over the weekend, I wanted to find a church for Sunday.
After reading the Yelp reviews, I also investigated their website and watched one of the sermon videos online, and as the reviewers seem to indicate here, the pastor seems dynamic and motivational from what I saw...  Amazingly, they have FIVE Sunday services that cater to different needs/demographics (according to the type of music that they play) -  CLASSIC: 8:00AM BLENDED: 9:30AM CONTEMPORARY: 11:15AM & 5PM  I attended the 11:15 am one.
Even though they have a fairly large parking lot, it was almost full!
The worship center is HUGE-double the size of the Christian church that I attend at home in California; and it was packed - it's best to come early.
I was certain that they have quite a few thousand congregants.
They are located on a huge campus with different ministries seemingly in different locations and at different times throughout the morning.
They have a Kids Center that seems to take up about a third of their campus; they have some really nice outdoor areas perfect for socializing, chatting, or hanging out.
They were serving refreshments outside and there were lots of peeps just enjoying the great day.
They had a full-piece band with a choir.
Though they imply that different genres of music drive their different worship times, their "contemporary" service still had music with a traditional tinge to it - perhaps it was the choir - that made it sound that way.
Nonetheless, the music was good.
Pastor Jamie Magnusson was great - a really strong speaker who gave a great sermon, and who keeps your attention throughout.

Went to the Dave Ramsay Financial Peace University at this location and it was a beautiful church.
All the people I have met who attend Scottsdale Bible are so nice and made me feel very welcome!
I am looking forward to going back and attending a service this holiday season.

I love this place.
Pastor Jaime is awesome!
He's funny, but sticks to the word without adding unnecessary anything.
The music is contemporary and fun, and I've been able to jump onto several outreach opportunities (senior center volunteer and homeless outreach) which were as simple as showing up on the day they set up and jumping in.
If you are looking for a great church that is uplifting, family friendly, with lots of extra curricular opportunities, this is it!

I've been going to this church for over six years.
At first it can get very overwhelming because it's such a big church.
With smaller churches it's easier to get connected because you see everyone every Sunday but here you have to put some effort to get connected and once you get connected then that is how you meet people and enjoy it even more.
They even have a luncheon for new comers to help them get connected.
I really enjoy Pastor Jamie Rasmussen.
He teaches from the Bible and all the truths come from the Bible which is very important.
He even opens himself up on his own failures so the we can really learn from him.
He is a very good teacher of the bible and a great leader.
They have many services to meet everyone's needs so there is no excuse.
They have Saturday night at 5pm and sometime they have bbq after.
On Sunday, they have 3 services in the worship center at 8am, 9:30am, and 11:15am.
Each service has different worship style which mean praise songs.
Also, on Sunday they have an on-site venue where they pipe in the sermon from Jamie on video in the Town Center at 9:30am & 11:15am with more contemporary music.
We go to the 11:15 in the town center cause it's more casual.
They also have a multisite on Cactus and about 30th Street where they also pipe in the sermon on video at 9:30am& 11:15am.
As I was saying they have so many services it not even funny.
It can meet everyone's needs.
What is really great is the other groups to connect with.
Every night the church is open with a group meeting.
My kids loves the high school ministry on Sunday morning and Wednesday night.
They have college night on Tuesday.
Also on Tuesday is Men's group which is As Iron Sharpen Iron.
This is a great group of men seeking Jesus.
There is also Awana for the little kids on Wednesday.
I could go on and on about this church but the most important thing about this church is that it's all about Jesus and the bible.
If you are looking for a church or visiting and want to worship then come and give us a try.
I really love this church and the love of Jesus

We belonged to this church for several years.
From our family's experience, all this church truly cared about was profit.
Joe (the youth pastor) was very discouraging and at our time with the church, turned people away from God.
He came across as very judgmental and uncaring.
My advice is to try another church.
It is also VERY hard to find a nitch in the church as it is incredibly large.

This review is about doctrine, so if you are in agreement with some of these doctrines (Calvinist, Purpose Driven, Replacement Theology), you may disagree with my review.
That is o.k., it is meant to inform of the many Biblical errors.
As for the people, there have been some wonderful people there.
I started in this church in 92, although we did continue there because of size, shortly before my husband passed away we came back..  My kids taught Awana there for years, and my son has been in Jr. leadership also.
I sat under Darryl Delhousaye, Jamie Rasmussen and Pat spoke at my husband's funeral, Joe married my daughter.
Five of my children and a son-in-law were baptized there.
Here's the sad part.
When Jamie started naming names favorably in one sermon (right after the music minister highly recommended a book by new-ager Eugene Peterson, author of the Mess-AGE-new age 'bible', I had a non-believing friend with me for the first time.
Knowing some of these false or errant teachings, the tears began to silently slip down my cheeks as not much of the Word was even mentioned..
However he did tell a cute story of 'pastor Paul Yonggi Cho' from mega-church in Korea.
(Cho says he has been to heaven among many other highly questionable doctrinal teachings- I'll let others search).
Then Brennan Manning & Phil Yancey.
I addressed all their grave error with plenty of validation in a letter to Jamie.
He did not answer but passed along to the assistant pastor.
It was with him we discussed his friendship with Rick Warren and he did not want to hear his many serious doctrinal issues.
The church obviously is a Purpose Driven growth movement also, recently touting the new age spiritual "body, mind, soul' movement (another story you can see on my site, Redeeming Moments).
To continue, they also are highly Calvinist (yes, the two would seem not to mix together, but you can find something for everyone here unfortunately).
Some teach the five points of TULIP (Calvinism) such as John Politan.
Others like charismatic reformed author Wayne Grudem preach there, along with Jamie who now says he is a 'new-Calvinist' in a sermon not too long back.
If you are a Calvinist, you will love the church.
If you love Rick Warren, this mega church is for you.
If you want your children exposed to the Mess-Age 'bible', the youth group will have it available at times.
If you want them exposed to false prophet Bill Johnson or oneness Pentecostal T.D.
Jakes, send them to a college gathering (all things that have happened at Scottsdale Bible).
And if you disagree and take it up with a pastor, assistant pastor, or youth pastor, be prepared for a long drawn out disagreement where in the only case of admitting wrong, the youth pastor decided to apologize for the introduction of Bill Johnson (once I shared all the information with him after several emails and phone calls, again see my site).
Hope this helps for those who are looking for a Bible church, this is misleading.
For a church that was birthed from my childhood church Bethany Bible, this is heartbreaking.

