As a person who works in the health care industry, I know the importance of annual wellness checkups and establishing a relationship with a doctor for long-term health.
I know this.
Do I like it??
No.
I still hate the doctor as much as any other person.
I work day in and day out in doctor's offices, hospitals and clinics.
I speak with doctor's on a day to day basis.
I still do not like being a patient.
Mayo Clinic Thunderbird continues on the tradition of outstanding medical care provided by the Mayo Clinic.
They employ top notch doctors and nurses, and their front office staff is awesome.
I love the doctor I see here, Dr. Castleberry.
She's friendly and knowledgeable and very approachable.
I have never had a hard time talking about a problem I'm having.
In return, I've never felt stupid for asking and the answers I've gotten are always helpful.
What initially drew me here was not that Mayo Clinic name.
For me, it was the staff.
This particular clinic has everything.
They have a lab.
They have internists, OB/GYNs and pediatrics meaning my husband and I can both see someone here, and I will never have to leave should I decide to have a kid.
Plus, our future kid could come here.
But in the end, knowing they were affiliated with Mayo Clinic reassured me.
Should I have any problems, I can easily be referred to a doctor there.
I can be seen by top notch physicians for whatever ails me.
So I may not like the idea of going to a doctor, but I do have to admit...I love my doctor.

I've had nothing but First Class treatment and service at Mayo Clinic Family on Thunderbird.
My old doctor has moved on to Australia, but the staff is great as is my new doctor.
Except, for their poorly thought out scheduling system which sets up appointments without your input.
Sorry, I'm still venting this one!
I'm still giving them 5 Stars!

I continue to get stellar attention and care- no matter the doctor or the day.
So lucky to call this my healthcare provider- Mayo really IS a step above the rest!

I moved to the Phoenix area in 2011,  and my coworkers encouraged me to be sure I picked the company insurance option that would allow me to use Mayo for my health care needs.
I have been suffering through some complicated health issues,  and the Mayo clinic turned out to be an outstanding choice for my care.
I am so glad I listened to my coworkers' advice.
I have only had outstanding experiences with every appointment at Mayo,  regardless of the doctor.
I have seen and worked with many specialists at Mayo,  and I can say the general practitioners at Mayo Thunderbird also live up to that.
They take as much time as needed to explain conditions,  answer your questions and coordinate a complete treatment plan.
The office staff is friendly, professional and efficient.
Scheduling and billing have been the most organized I have experienced in my unfortunately long history of complicated health care.
I am so incredibly grateful for the exceptional and compassionate care at Mayo Thunderbird.

I'm sure the quality of care at the Mayo Clinic is great, except that I can't experience it because I can't get an appointment.
I'm a new patient,  and last September I called for my initial exam.
It was scheduled about 10 weeks out.
A month later, I had to move it as I was going to be working out of the country.
No worries.
Rescheduled 9 weeks further out.
Later, in mid-January, their office called: the doctor would be out; nothing available in the scheduling window; they will call me.
In February, I get a packet in the mail and the appointment has been pushed out another 10 weeks, to the end of April.
Today, a Friday, with still another month to go before my first appointment, and fully six months after my initial call to them, I have a pinched nerve or muscle spasm.
Never had this before.
It's not terrible, but maybe a 4-5 on the 10 point pain scale: low-grade, dull, throbbing, persistent - don't lift the right arm or it gets moderately worse.
I call to see if I might get in so I don't have to live with the pain through the weekend.
I just need to see a nurse practitioner, not the (heaven forbid) doctor, to make sure it is nothing more serious.
Nope, sorry.
Quality of care also depends on availability.
Failure.

