Dr Fry...Dr Fry...He's My Guy...And Now I Won't Die...Goooooo Dr. FRY!
Putting pom poms down and starting review...
I know could find a doctor closer to Central Phoenix, but I ain't giving up my Fry.
I first went to him with the "flu" which he quickly diagnosed as food poisoning (as mentioned in a previous Siu Wok review).
He prescribed Ciprol and "walla", I was all better in two days.
He then treated me for back pain.
What a chiropractor couldn't do in two months he did in 10 minutes.
He prescribed the right combo of meds and "walla" I was better in 2 days.
He's the nicest of nice, listens and is a gentle soul.
This week he wouldn't accept my excuses for my high blood pressure and "made" me start my medication for that.
GOD BLESS YA Dr. Fry.....

Well, isn't this awkward?
Long story short.
At least I'll try.
I paid $100 (that's a 10% discount) for office visits and was regularly provided with free sample prescriptions as I was in between insurance.
Nice Dr. Fry.
I always paid right after the visit as I set up a next appointment.
One time I went to pay and the receptionist nodded, winked and "shooed" me away as if to say "don't worry about paying today.
" I left.
I wasn't chased and tackled to the ground for not paying.
A complimentary visit.
Nice Dr. Fry.
Six months later I receive a bill.
From a collection department.
Mean Dr. Fry.
I called Dr. Fry's billing office.
Not helpful.
At all.
I was forced to pay the collections company and yet another bronze star to my credit.
Mean Dr. Fry.
Good bye Dr. Fry.
Oh.
Yea, and now I have insurance!

After feeling just not right for about six months and visiting three doctors, one suggested that I see Dr. Fry.
He was thorough, knowledgable and diagnosed the issue.
I'm feeling so much better.
Thank you, Dr. Fry!

I can't say enough about Dr. Fry and his staff.
From the first time I went to his office to my ongoing visits I am treated with such care.
Dr. Fry takes his time to talk to me and answer my questions.
I have a complicated illness and Dr. Fry has been able to treat me so that I can live a normal life.

After recieving blood tests from fry labs and hearing this doctors "theories" on FL1953, I'm highly suspicious of this guy's legitimacy.
If you have also been told you have FL1953 I would also encourage you to remain highly suspicious.
I was told I had something but was never given any hard evidence.
All I was given were two picture which could have been taken off google as far as I know and a short regurgitated blurb explaining the photos.
I pursued treatment based on this lab's "findings" and saw zero improvement after more than 4 months.
Also, I have to stress that this lab offers non-standard tests.
It has not been fully scrutinized by the government like many other labs.
And as for Dr Fry, he relies on anectdotal evidence which cannot be seen as reliable in order to promote his "theories".
So I encourage you to proceed with caution when dealing with this business.
In my opinion this guy is just another quack.

