I've had several good experiences with AC Guys.
They serviced, added refrigerant to my AC unit that froze up for a very fair price.
They also inspected / serviced an AC unit on another home I bought in Old Town and identified a faulty breaker.
They spent considerably time troubleshooting and just charged by the basic service fee.
Great company, makes only the necessary repairs, and charges fair prices.

AC Guys did a great job repairing my AC unit which recently quit running.
Lou the Technician was prompt, friendly and courteous.
Lou took time to answer my questions and address my concerns yet was quick to diagnose and repair the unit.
The repair cost less than I thought, and I would recommend AC Guys to my friends and family.

AC Guys and Lou the Technician did an excellent job repairing my broken AC Unit last month.
Lou was prompt, friendly and courteous and took time to explain the porblem and my options.
He took time to check the entire system and found some duct issues that were easily fixed.
The repair cost less than I thought and I was very happy with the work done.
I would recommend AC Guys to my friends and family!

I can't say enough good things about the AC guys.
I would recommend them to everyone!
Extremely professional on the phone and in person.
Super.
Fast.
Friendly.
Knowledgeable.
Affordable.

These guys are great.
Always on time and affordable, they do a great job and in AZ where AC is so important I wouldn't trust anyone else!!
Very professional and I would highly recommend them.

They save me a lot of money !
I called  Parker & Sons inc. to check on the status of my A/C unit which wasn't as cold as it should be.
Before he finished the diagnostic, the technician explained how much of a money pit my A/C unit was, and how it will probably cost me to fix it.
My A/C unit is 16 year old, but it was the first time that we had a problem with it.
Before he charges me about 70 $, the technician said it would cost hundreds dollars to diagnose the leak and thousands to fix it, so I should consider buying a new unit.
He must work on commission as he was really trying to push for a new unit.
I called AC GUYS INC. to get an estimate for a new unit.
He kindly offered to give me a second opinion on my existing unit before buying a new one.
This is the best thing that could have ever happened to me.
He measured the level of Freon, add some and since then, no leak, it works perfectly!!
Thank you AC GUYS INC., you are very honest and professional!
You saved me a lot of money by fixing the problem instead of trying to sell me a new unit.
I recommend them to anyone having a problem with there  A/C unit.
Marc

Fantastic experience all around from Tom and AC Guys this weekend - but specifically, a great experience by Matt the AC technician who came out!
He was on time, friendly, personal, explained everything with constant updating and went out of his way to make sure that we were not in a 90 degree house during the first heat wave of Summer.
I highly recommend this place to anyone for a great experience when you are in need of AC repair in a hurry.
Very fairly priced for the job and you can tell that Matt genuinely cared and took his time to correctly fix the AC problem.
Finally, a company that takes its time to correct the issue without rushing - very thorough job all around!
Thanks AC Guys!

Same day service, called at 10 am and they were here by 2:40!
Professional, friendly, and reasonably priced!
I will continue to use them in the future and recommend them to anyone needing a good AC company!

Thanks for the fast & friendly service.
My issue was minor but if I ever need something again, I know I'll call them.

Had a different company come look at my ac and after 10 minutes he told me I had to replace the unit for $6,000.
Called these guys and they came out and were real nice.
The first time we thought we had fixed it with a replacement thermostat.
Unfortunately that wasn't the problem but I called back and the owner Tom came over a couple hours later and found the problem was combined with a faulty wiring repair done inside the the unit years before I bought the house and a relay switch.
Didn't charge me to come the second time, gave the unit a once over and was honest about its condition.
No BS or trying to sell me something I didn't need.
I'd recommend these guys to anybody, they are a stand up company!
And I will use them again in the future.

Matt came out in about 45 min from when I called them, diagnosed the issue right off the bat and fixed my A/C in no time.
Great customer service and if I ever have a problem with my A/C again I will for sure call them for the service.

The reviews are true.
Don't hesitate using these guys.
Three years ago another company told us the system needed to be replaced soon!
I was expecting a $4500 bill when I called for a tune up.
The AC Guys came out the same day we called to do a check up on our ac.
Matt was very informative and explained the tests he did and what it meant.
He said the ac unit was strong and will last a long time.
Nice.
Had we used the company 3 years ago they would've fleeced us.
These guys are knowledgable and like what they're doing.
A pleasure to deal with.

I called late on a Friday afternoon right before the weekend... Tom answered and had Matt stop out not long after.
Granted it's not the middle of a summer heat wave... but I was impressed.
No heat...
I figured an old heat pump compressor had issues when it didn't come on.
It turns out the compressor was for A/C only.
I needed a new ignitor for a natural gas furnace which I didn't even realize was connected to the attic air handler.
Hey...
I'm originally from NYC... at least I didn't look for a broken radiator!
Matt was friendly and answered all of my many questions so now I'm more edumicated .
Matt didn't try to sell me on a new system or indicate that anything major needed replacing even though I was temporarily clueless and have three 13yr old systems.
I did ask for a few quotes just so that I can start researching pricing and options before a potential emergency/meltdown.
If the compressors start whining any louder this summer, the neighbors might whine back...
I wouldn't hesitate to call AC Guys...
I plan to have them back to do a tune up.

Living out of state, selling a condo unit with an AC that other vendor told me was at end of it's useful life, the AC Guys were a live-saver.
Sent Tom the inspection report, he coordinated with the RE Agent, the repairs were reasonable and the unit back in full service condition.
They called me when the day of the schedule visit, gave me a full report when complete - and even sent the repair slip to the RE Agent for closing.
Great service at a reasonable price!
Good Job guys, and thank you!!
...signed -  Now living happy in South Florida

Lou showed up exactly on time and did the preventative maintenance on both our heat pump and pool heater.
Got everything taken care of in under an hour including repairing where a seal was failing.
Great service and am now going to have the AC Guys do my ongoing maintenance so my units run more efficiently and hopefully get a few extra years of use from the older unit.
This is similar to changing oil in your vehicle where you spend some money to save money.

We were having a problem with our reservoir not draining properly- it was leaking pretty bad.
Lou came out and fixed it in a snap!
He was punctual, professional and so nice.
He didn't try to overcharge or exaggerate the problem- he was great!
Very affordable and I would highly recommend these guys to anyone.
Definitely give them a call!

Matt the technician was helpful and knowledgable...
They are also installing a new unit for my house and I will update this post once complete.

These guys have nothing but 5 stars for a reason.
My biggest fear is always getting taken advantage of with services that I know very little about.
When my AC stopped running as expected I feared the worst.
Matt came out and was super low key.
Nice, young guy with a great disposition.
He showed me the part that had blown and showed me what it should look like.
Then 10 minutes later it was fixed.
He still went into my attic and looked at the condenser coil and made certain that the line was blown out properly.
Even when I was getting ready to pay him, he said that he wanted to check the levels first before he was done.
I have little doubt that I could have had my AC fixed any less expensively by anybody else...especially to have it done right the first time.
They've got a future client in me for sure.

Misdiagnosed the problem.
Didn't even seem to want to fix it.
Dukes was much more professional, fixed the correct problem and even gave better pricing for the blower motor, which wasn't even broken.
The worst part is that I know the ac guys tech most likely had a generic relay in his van.
And even if he didn't, I'm sure hq has them in stock.
We went three days without ac because of the holiday, waiting for a shop to buy a motor from.

I recently needed A/C repair on a Monday morning following the first really hot weekend in Phoenix.
Apparently, a LOT of other people needed A/C repair, also.
My regular repairman was unavailable.
I called A/C Guys, Inc.  (found on Yelp) This was a rental property.
An appointment needed to be scheduled with the tenant, while keeping me (the landlord) aware of what was going on.
Payment needed to be scheduled with me.
Technician needed to inform both the tenant and me as to what was going on with the A/C.
A/C Guys handled all of this with ease, and kept me informed at all times.
So easy.
In addition, the technician (Matt) gave me two options for repair (I have never had THAT happen before - nice).
In the office (Ty) coordinated it all, and e-mailed me a receipt.
Professional business, honest, great repair, and affordable prices.
I highly recommend this business, and will continue to use A/C Guys, Inc. in the future.

Started out great.
Called based on Yelp reviews.
They were able to get me the first day.
Tech that came out was pleasant.
Said problem was fixed, rate reasonable, I was happy.
The next morning the drip that he repaired was back.
Called at 7:00 A.M.
They open at 7 per their website.
No answer.
At 7:10 was able to get someone on.
Explained issue.
Said would have tech call back.
Several hours later someone else (owner I think) questioning issue, seeming to doubt me.
Said he would have tech call come back out.
2:30 I get a call from another person.
Cant't get to me until 2 days later.
Seems to me like they would want to fix my issue as they claimed to have.
Carpet in spare bedroom ruined.
I wasn't even trying to have them replace, just honor their work.
Anyway, he ended up hanging up on my girlfriend, refusing to fix and stating he will refund.

