Great service, atmosphere & results!
I have known about this place for years since my wife went and saw Paul H. (a.k.a.
"Doogie") to help her with her back pain.
He is no longer there after becoming Mr. Danica Patrick, but the staff that remains is top notch and I just finished several months of successful therapy for my lower back.
They have made a name for themselves in the golf industry and treat a lot of professional and amateur golfers as well as athletes in all other sports.
They're also not afraid to have a little fun...make sure to ask about the legend of Hans Wienerschnitzel!

I had a back injury coming up on two years ago.
I had went through everything I could before having to submit to surgery.
Luckily I had a great surgeon and felt as though I was in good hands but, I had no idea about what the recovery process would entail.
I was given a number of recommendations for Physical Therapy and did my research on each facility.
Although there were PT clinics closer to my home after visiting the clinic I felt that this was the right place for me to be.
I was treated by Robb and now after I am through with my treatments I still stay active with my home exercise program and have been feeling much better than I had before coming here.
The staff is amazing!
From the front desk staff that will remember your name and greet you with a smile each visit all the way to the staff in billing that had helped me through concerns I had with insurance issues.
The entire team is top notch and it really shows in how they all work together to get the best results for the patients!
Thank you Robb and The Desert Institute for getting me back to good health!

These guys make it their mission to support their community and have fun doing it!
The atmosphere here is energetic and fun.
That's not to say the PT's here make light of their work.
They are true masters of their craft, transforming lameness to gracefulness and bringing a life of normalcy back to people who have endured crippling trauma.

