I am a big fan of Chipotle... nothing new there.
The only reason I ever hesitate to eat here (especially, this location) is because it is so damn busy...
However, today, for the first time I used their fax order form- Totally awesome.
I faxed it in, I called to confirm, I got there, the lady asked my name, handed me my bag, I paid and I left.
I almost wanted to tease the suckers still in line.
This is officially now the ONLY way I will order Chipotle.
Score one for me and my time!!

I am a big fan of chipotle.
Kind of embarrassed to say it but I have gotten Chipotle about once a week for the past 4 years.
I usually go pick it up during lunch at work, and this location is the one I always go to.
This location might be busy, but the workers there are AWESOME.
From the line cooks to the manager, they are all very friendly and accommodating.
The best part is how efficient they are at making your burrito.
Other chipotles' in the Phoenix area take note!
Suggestion to avoid the lines:  Get there around 12:30 instead of around noon.

this chipotle is SUPER TINY!!
and so the line can be a bit crowded.
there's plenty of room on the patio, but that doesn't work out so well in the middle of summer when you might as well just go sit on the sun.
i was SHOCKED at how efficient and friendly they were here.
i mean, i've come to expect quick  friendly service at Chipotle, but everyone seemed to actually really ENJOY working there.
nice!
and of course the food was  fresh and delicious!
this is a great location if you're going to take out, but if you want to eat on premises i recommend NOT going to eat lunch at noonish.
go early or late if possible.

Chipotle is normally pretty good nationwide.
This location is par for the Chipotle course, which is, again, pretty darn good.
Will eat here again.
Especially when I'm really hungry and want a huuuge burrito!

This chain seems to be consistantly good everywhere.
Food is always good quality and service is always fast.
In this location the manager and staff seem exceptional.
The manager works the line serving food and gets to know the clients.
Great job.

good burritos.
i run across the street from work when i forget my lunch at home.
very, very fast and affordable and filling for a few bucks.
i like how they keep it very simple and effecient.

I enjoy Chipotle and appreciate their consistent food.
But fresh organic food does not mean low cal.
I normally get the barbacoa bowl, no rice, black beans, fresh salsa.
But lately I have gotten the crispy tacos with lettuce on the bottom, steak, black beans, corn salsa and fresh salsa.
I used to get a side of guacamole and chips but found out that that one bag of chips is like 1000 calories.
Ouch.
No more chips.
I get the crunch from the taco shells.
I like that we can order with the phone app and it is ready and waiting when we get there.
Unfortunately those waiting in line do not like that we go right up to the front of the line to pick up the food.

Super busy around lunchtime, and the parking lot is full of self important Snottsdale jackasses.
Otherwise, good place for delicious foods.

Always fresh, delicious, and quick service.
This is a staple for me.

The night before we were to leave on vacation, we decided not to cook dinner.
So, we thought of Chipotle on Shea.
I used the Chipotle app on my iPhone to order two burritos.
Drove over and picked up our dinner and headed home.
When my wife cut into her burrito, it wasn't what she ordered.
I wasn't going to drive 13 miles to have it changed.
She couldn't eat the rice and sour cream.
She scraped all of that stuff off.
I called Chipotle and talked to the manager he was gracious enough to make up for the mistake the next time I showed up.
I just want to make sure this doesn't happen to anyone else.
I love their food and the only reason why I'm giving them two stars is because 'I've experienced better' from them.
The next time I go there, I'll watch them make my meals.Forget about ordering on the phone.

We love the fresh food here or at any Chipotle restaurant.
Had my usual, Carnitas Burrito and my wife had the burrito bowl.
This time we selected our condiments and especially added the guacamole which made my burrito cold.
Wish there was a microwave to heat the burro.
But, all in all, the meal was filling and good.
This place reminds me of El Faro in San Francisco where I experienced a gastronomical burrito delight.
This place is almost on par with them.
Maybe, Chipotle should look around for larger tortillas, so you can fit all the "goodies" without them bulging at the seams.

I had a burrito.
It was tastier than it appeared and very filling.
It's still a burrito with sherded beef.
What else can one say?
It's better than Taco Bell or Del Taco.
It's also more money and not all processed food.
It's still pretty fast to pick up lunch.

My go to Chipotle in Scottsdale.
I have been to pretty much every Chipotle in Scottsdale and non of them compare to this location.
The food is always seasoned perfectly and the chicken is never burnt.
Staff is always friendly and my internet orders are always waiting for me when I get there.

This is one of my favorite Chipotles!
They give you generous portions and don't skimp on the guac when you ask for it.
I ordered veggie tacos from here and everything was fresh and cooked to perfection.
DELICIOUS!!!!!!!

Amazing service, amazing food.
What can I say?!
Super yummy salad bowls... :) yay!!
So glad they have vegetarian black beans!!
As a vegetarian, being able to eat here is awesome and delicious!!!
Not all Mexican places have 100% vegetarian beans.
Often the beans have lard, so again, happy for chipotle!!

This is one of the smaller Chipotle that I have been to.
There aren't many indoor seating tables, and who really wants to eat outside in the Arizona summer?
The staff is quick on the line so youre not stuck waiting too long.

Hey Chipotle, where is the meat????
Most inconsistent fast food place, these days I have to search for chicken or steak in my chicken/steak bowl.
What's going on?
Why is this place being so skimpy on the meat?
No and I do not appreciate Chipotle trying to sneak an approve for antibiotic fed meat.
I do not want to pay $6.50 for a bowl of rice and beans.
There maybe relation between Chipotle's stock price ($400+) and their quality.
Higher the stock price, more wall street expectations of more profits and lower quality.

No friendlier spot in the Valley, and the dishes are tops.

Not loyal to their regulars.
Night manager was rude over a coupon when the right thing would have been to accept it that one time but acknowledge the use next time.

What a great Chipotle experience.
The line move quickly and efficiently and the employees are very friendly.
This is by far my favorite Chipotle location.

