Get the Garden Salad with grilled chicken and the Nello's house dressing.
So simple and good.
It's nothing fancy, I promise.
There is just something about the crunch of the iceberg lettuce, the grated fresh mozzarella, the subtle spice of the chicken and the INCREDIBLE pizza SASE dressing...  oddly satisfying.
This is a total local hangout.
Lots of families.
You can bring the rug-rats here.
Everyone else does.
The pizza is average.
Stick to the salad and bread sticks (basically an entire seasoned cut up pizza crust).

My friend who's a native phoenician took me here after he got off work and it's one of his favorite pizza places.
It's actualy a really classy looking italian restaurant and their specialties are pizza and calzones.
They had a cool bar area with widescreen tvs to watch sports that you could still see in the dining area.
The place is kinda noisy but it created more of a fun atmosphere.
Business people came for drinks after work, and families hosted birthday parties for their kids.
For our starters, we got the crab stuffed mushrooms, mozarella platter and bruschetta.
They were all very tasty!
I esp liked the mushrooms and bruschetta.
Then we shared a spinach salad which i liked bc it had bacon and tomatoes and the dressing they used was really good.
He had a calzone ( i can't remember what kind) and it looked really good, lots of gooey cheese coming out of the pizza shell.
I had a half margherita/half bbq chicken pizza and they were both good.
The crust was really crunchy and the pizza itself had all the right flavors.
It's definitely a fun place to eat if you're hanging out with your buddies =)

Went to this place on glowing reviews from a native, however, after the hype I was pretty disappointed.
The service was really great, but I wanted a tasty pizza, and this pizza was not tasty.
Maybe I am spoiled coming from the East Coast(great pizza), and then living in Chicago(mecca of pizza).
The crust was so blah and the sauce had no flavor.

Ya know - I could see this place being very inconsistent and I was there on a ho hum day.
The wine recommended was their chianti which tasted pretty bad, they have a weird assortment of imported beers, and like a couple other reviews the pizza had little flavor.
We order a PESTO chicken pizza and we had to bite around on each piece to find the pesto, no flavor, a bit dry and the pizza was really late and warm - late and warm which means =  sat there for a while.
Our waitress was nice, cute, fun but hey that only gets you 2 stars.
The salad was better than the pizza and the wings were pretty good.
- Thats all folks.!

Went here for the first time with friends/tourists for spring training baseball last week.
I am giving this place 4 stars for the family atmosphere, staff was great without about 12 people, beer selection was good, and food was better than average.
Friendly, family place, and we could even park in their tiny lot next door in downtown S'Dale!
I'd go back.

I love Nello's.
I miss it so much, as I moved from Scottsdale a couple years back.
My favorite meal there was to start with an Individual Dinner Salad with their house dressing, followed up by the 7-inch Margherita Pizza.
I love their Margherita so much more than just about any other restaurant I've tried.
They use a really nice San Marzano tomato, rather than just slices of roma tomatoes.
Just the right amount of cheese and basil, all on a chewy yet crispy crust.
So tasty, so simple.

I was hungry for a slice and my favorite place in old town was closed.
So, we'd been meaning to try Nello's anyway so we went in.
We ordered the 14" Numero Uno, which is homemade sausage with mushrooms, pan crust.
It looked great and it smelled great, and it had a great cheese coating, so imagine my surprise when I bite into it and find that its very bland.
The crust was good.
I can taste the cheese..
I tried putting a ton of red pepper flakes on top and then parmegan cheese, but it didn't help much at all.
Very interesting.
I kept eating it trying to figure out the problem.
I've had mushroom on pizza before by itself and it didn't taste like this.
The crust is ok, not undercooked although it kind of tastes similar to undercooked dough.
I think it might possibly be not enough sauce.
I'm still not sure...
But I will stick to Best of Italy, thank you very much.

Went here right before I got my first tattoo with one of my girlfriends.
She used to work at this place back in the day and would always tell me how awesome it was.
So we stopped in since I had an hour before the tattoo artist would be ready.
We got the eggplant bruschetta to share and it was heavenly.
I believe eggplant should be included in more dishes and was so happy to find it be the star of this appetizer!
It was perfectly cooked eggplant and the bread was a crunchy balance to the soft eggplant.
We both got salads as a light dinner and I they were completely overloaded with veggies and cheese!
Next time I have to try the pizza!

I've been eating here for about 12 years now and I keep going back.
My wife and I, while dating in high school, went here every Friday night for a few years straight.
The pizza's are all very good whether you order something from their "speciality" menu or build one yourself.
Their "Italian dinners" aren't quite as good and seem to take a backseat to their pizza in many regards.
The food feels like it's got some roots.
A lot of the flavors taste homemade and seem like they've been around for a while, passed down from some previous generation.
They've got a good beer selection, on draft or bottled too, lots of good choices to go with their pizza.
I haven't tried their wine or any mixed drinks.
Finally, they seem to have a pretty consistent group of waiters and managers.
The guy who was the busboy when I was going there in high school is now the manager and we see a lot of the same waitresses who come back on a seasonal basis, so that says something about how the place is run, seems very family oriented.

Looking for service with a smile?
Go somewhere else.
But if you want good food at really reasonable prices--this is your place.
My group at work had a team lunch here (12) and I arrived early to alert the wait staff that we were apart of the "separate check club.
" Our lovely waitress gave me the look of death.
She really didn't respond, so I wasn't sure if she actually heard me, so I repeated myself again.
Sunshine cut me off and said "I got it.
" Ok, you got it?
So you will bring 12 separate checks right?
umm not so much.
Sunshine brought one check and felt the need to make the comment "we usually look down upon this.
"  Uncomfortable.
To be nice, once again.
I wrote everyone's name and the amount to charge them on the check, pretty easy right?
Apparently not for Sunshine.
I got the eye roll.
For a split second I considered kicking her in the face, but with my boss sitting across the table from me, I didn't think it was wise.
On the flip side, the food was really good.
My pizza was delish, and the house salad dressing was so could, you can drink right from the bottle.
Worth the try for sure.
Just leave your pride and self esteem at the office.

LOVE IT!
Try the thin crust!

Last weekend, we visited this restaurant for dinner.
I had finished golfing and ate a late lunch, 2:30 PM.
We arrived at the restaurant at 6:30PM and it wasn't too crowded.
We ordered their spinach salad, the European thin pizza and Deluxe combo mini-pizza for myself.
They make awesome salads, fresh spinach topped with real bacon, hard boiled eggs, scallions, radishes, mushrooms, tomatoes and side of garlic bread.
Had better garlic bread elsewhere.
After the salad, I was getting pretty stuffed, but managed to finish the Deluxe Combo pizza which comes with pepperoni, sausage, bell peppers, onions, black olives & mushrooms.
All in all, a great meal.

The service was great!
The food was good.
Not as good as I remember but we are glad we stopped in.
The house salad dressing is really good when mixed with the ranch.
I found myself dipping my pizza in the dressing too.
Good food, good service, I hope you try Nello's in Scottsdale.

Shopping - I hate it.
Except for the PGA Superstore - but that is another review.
Anyway, we were hungry, so we decided a pizza sounded good.
Nello's is in the same shopping center, so we decided a pizza sounded good - plus they had beer.
The inside is neat, clean, and boring.
But we were there to eat pizza, so my wife had a spinach salad, and we shared a Grand Deluxe Pizza (pepperoni, sausage, bell peppers, onions, black olives & mushrooms).
And, of course, beer.
The service was excellent - we were immediately seated and a server appeared immediately to take our drink orders; brought them right back, and took our order.
And it was only a short wait for the food.
My wife really enjoyed the spinach salad; and the pizza toppings were above average.
They pride themselves on their crust, which I found was better than average.
The only reason I am giving it 3 stars is that I found the sauce rather bland.
Pizza is really a matter of individual taste, so others may like the pizza much better than I did.
I will certainly come here again, and maybe upgrade my stars if the sauce is a little spicier.

best thin crust pizza i've had in the phoenix.
great variety of toppings - including goat cheese.
sausage, goat cheese and onion - best pizza combo around.

Nello's is yummy!
The best pizza around.
If you arent in the mood for pizza, try one of their sandwiches, or one of their awesome entrees!

Start out with the cheesey garlic bread topped with fresh tomatoes.
Grandmas homemade sausage recipe is one of a kind.
Order the Numero Uno, you won't be dissappointed.

We always get the thin crust pizza with sausage, pepperoni and green  peppers.
We can always count on Nellos to provide consistency.
The food is great !
The sausage is the best, it is fresh, crumbly and flavorful.
Not store bought tubes or rolls.the best thin crust in town!

I love, love, love Nello's Old World Classic salad with their house dressing.
The salad has everything I could want in a salad... sun dried tomatoes, red onions, pepperoncinis, garbanzo beans, feta.
Their house dressing is an amazing bottle of deliciousness.
It's such a good combo!
I don't get this excited about salads, but this one is worth the raving.
I haven't had a pizza I've been crazy about yet.
We've tried both the pesto pizza and the sausage with the hand tossed crust... both were decent, but almost lacking in flavor.
I've come to the conclusion that the hand tossed crust is too bready and I think the thin crust will be a better bet.
I haven't had a drink at Nello's but they have some good beers on their list (eg Franziskaner which I rarely come across).

This review is solely based on takeout.
WINNING takeout!
We got a deluxe pan pizza minus black olives and a side of their famous dressing.
Both were home runs!
I have to buy a bottle or two of that dressing next time.
And maybe even try it on a salad!

This is a decent enough place, but not something I'd go out of my way for.
I ordered the pesto penne with chicken dish.
First out was the salad, but only about a minute before the entree - there seemed to be some confusion somewhere in the kitchen, so I think the timing of my salad was a victim of that.
But no big deal.
The pasta dish was okay.
It may have been a little light on the pesto - there wasn't much green on or in it at all.
The chicken was breaded a little differently than I'm used to - not bad, but I think it would have been better if it was flavored with something a little more distinct instead of a generic dark breading.
I ordered a cannoli for dessert.
This was pretty decent - not my favorite cannoli in town, but it had all the right stuff.

Took forever to get a salad.
We think he forgot.
Our chicken parmesan arrived obviously microwaved.
Food was indelible.
We did not see a manager to express our displeasure.

Authentic street signs!
The guys working here seem like tough south side guys which is sort of weird but thats alright.
Still...
I've got news for ya.
The pizza isn't even close.
We can say it's the water or whatever but they even call a pizza "the UNO" and it's a pizza hut special on a bad day.
Not even close.
Skimpy crumbled sausage as opposed to patty and a nothing crust.
The advertising might fool ya to come there once thinking it's chi style but you won't come back.
I'm not saying that its the worst pizza ever, because its not.
But it certainly isnt Chicago style and its simply mediocre mid-size crust pizza.

The pizza is FANTASTIC and I love the SALAD DRESSING!!!
Nello's has been a favorite for years and they never fail to deliever what has made them famous!

Was stoked to try this pizza because it seems to have several good reviews.
However, the sausage and mushroom thin crust I had was mediocre at best.
Very bland, not much flavor.

To all the goat cheese lovers out there, I have 2 words for you.... PIZZA RUSTICA.
It's to die for, with roasted red peppers, mushrooms, olive oil, mozzarella and goat cheese.
I ordered the 7" with the original pan crust, it was rich, creamy and full of flavor.
It's THE best pizza I've had in the valley.
Fuh gedd abou da pizza joint with the fancy yellow box,  bada-bing, bada-boom, Nello's is da place.

This is one of my favorite pizza places in the Scottsdale area.
My parents discovered this place since it's in a shopping center pretty close to where I live.
I'm pretty picky when it comes to great pizza being from both NY and Chicago.
To me, pizza is either edible or it's so good I have to go back for more.
I always get the personal pizza with goat cheese and sun-dried tomatoes.
There's only one other place that I know of where I can do this combination and that's in West Lafayette, IN where I went to college.
The amount of sauce to cheese ratio is perfect and the crust is really good too.
The salads come with homemade croutons which are delicious.
I always steal them off of my Mom's plate.
The service is always quick and friendly whether you dine-in or carry-out.
Love the Chicago themed decorations too, even if they are Cubs related.

Went to Nello's for dinner Friday, we had always been there for lunch before.
The staff is friendly and our server was very nice and patient...  We ordered a pan pizza with sausage, pepperoni and jalapeños.
It was very good (however, my husband said he didn't like it as much this time.
) I kind of remember previous times the pizza had been different but I cannot describe how, it was closer to  like deep dish (we miss Pizzeria UNO), I do not know, maybe it had way more sauce.... anyway I still liked it.
Our daughter ordered Chicken Parmigiana Sandwich and it looked really good.
Very big and with lots of melted cheese.
Well, we will definitely be back.
Not sure how soon though because it is kind of far.

The usually good food was disappointing.
Two Specials (Entrees) bombed.
Trio Ravioli was over laden with dough.
and the Linguini with clam sauce was tasteless.
Stick with sandwiches and pizza.

Uninspired and blend pizza!

Nello's is conveniently located right down the road from my work, along with a ton of other pizza options but I've already tried all of those so I figured I'd give Nello's a shot.
I ordered for pick up and the girl on the phone was very courteous, upon arriving to grab my pizza the inside decor was friendly inside.
The pizza was mediocre overall.
I did enjoy the crust which is huge for me, but the sauce was very bland .
My toppings consisted of sausage, jalapenos, and green peppers.
Good toppings!
Unfortunately that and the crust was the only thing that got me through the few slices I ate due to the disappointing sauce.
I will give them a try again in the future because based on the reviews it seems very hit and miss.
Hoping for a more well rounded pizza next time.

WOW, so glad we went back!
Linguine with meat sauce OUT OF THIS WORLD!
Great Generous Salad.
Outstanding Service and super selection of Brews.
We will be back and back and back.

You have not had the world's best pizza till you've had Nello's.
Great thin crispy crust overflowing with rich fresh toppings.
Awesome, indeed.

Ordered pickup and it was ready right on time.
Pizza was great, definitely the best I have had in Scottsdale.
The peperoni rolls are delicious!

Horrible pan pizza.
Don't waste your time or money

We did some volunteer work at the zoo today and after we left (exhausted) hubby wanted to go to Nello's.
I thought it was a great idea as I had just seen a coupon in the car.
We ordered 2 pizzas (coupon was for second 1/2 off) so we would be set for lunch, dinner, and perhaps lunch the next day : )  We had all our carbs for the week, we also had the pepperoni rolls appetizer, which was described by our server as 'amazing'...
I called this to his attention in case he was setting expectations too high, but they turned out really really good.
Amazing fits it.
Pepperoni pizza with mushrooms, and the other one sausage+jalapeños+garlic+pepperoni.
Hubby is a fan of Nello's again.
: )

I met up with my parents at Nello's last night for dinner.
The hostess was very sweet and sat us right away.
It was a little chilly inside and we have no issue when we asked to be moved outside.
We had the patio to ourselves, which was nice.
We ordered a 12 inch thin crust pizza and it was pretty good.
I loved the square slices- so much easier to eat.
My only critique about Nello's was that the server was a bit slow when it came to refilling our cokes and getting/giving back our checks.
It was crowded inside so it wasn't a big deal but my mother had to go in and ask for a refill herself.
None the less- we will go back to Nello's in the future and I recommend it.

I'm not a fan of Chicago style deep pizza...and I was happy to hear they have a thin crust one, too.
I had the "Sicilian" thin crust... and the topping saved the pizza.
It is very very thin...almost like a cracker in texture, but the sausage and peppers really made this a tastey pizza.
On another visit, I tried the Italian Sausage sandwich with Au Jus...
AMAZING!!!
Fresh bread, great tasting sausage and the Au Jus.!!!!
Just great!!
I have not tried the past yet, so an update will be coming.

There's a reason why on a Friday night several pizza places down the street have an obnoxiously long wait at 6:00pm and why Nello's only has a handful of diners.
It's just not what it once was.
My wife and I split a small caesar salad ($8.99).
It was pretty good and would have feed at least 3, maybe even four people.
However, there was a mysterious scary looking piece of mushroom in the salad.
While the random fungi wasn't something worth sending it back over.
It made me wonder what other things could have fallen into the wrong place in the kitchen.
We also split a 14" pesto chicken pizza ($20.49).
The parts of the pie that weren't burnt were pretty good.
Again, we could have complained, but why wait another 10 to 15 minutes for another pizza.
The good news for us, thanks to a $30 for $15 gift certificate on Local Dines (http://www.localdines.com/phoenix?ref=19485), we didn't pay too much.

Beware the lunch  "special" of a slice of cheese pizza for $3.
I ordered two slices and a medium drink for take out..  My bill was $9.15!!
What the...?!
Seriously??
For that price, I was anticipating a couple of nice-size slices of pizza but each was maybe the size of my hand and that includes the 1" crust on the end!!
I'll admit the pizza tasted good, but the disastrous value made it hard to enjoy.
Lesson learned.
If I return, it will be with a coupon in hand.

We stopped in for a quick lunch and it was my 10th visit (approximately) and my wife's 50th (near her workplace, so lunches there).
Nello's expanded their menu over the past year or so, and I was quite happy to find a decent sandwich on wheat bread that I ordered as a half with a side salad.
Nice sized salad, great sandwich (Sorry, can't remember the name but it was fairly lean meat and onions)  The service was excellent from a 20 yr old young man who was attentive without hovering.
Nice selection of wines, beer and ciders with many on tap.
Nello's also serves brunch on weekends, which was news to both of us.
Their short brunch menu had a few nice dishes and they offer Mimosas, Hyacinths and other brunch style drinks.

Nello's was my first job when I turned 16.
(The one in Ahwatukee) but I love all the staff and the food is always great.
Thank you to the Mei brothers for the great food and service and thank you especially to Danny Mei for giving me my first job 8 years ago :)

Love the pizza here.
But the only draw back, I have encountered, is when sitting on the patio, the service is slow, and the waiter tends to forget about checking on drink refills.

Outstanding neighborhood restaurant!
Great great beer selection.
Linguini with clams and mussels, Marvelous.
Italian sausage super.
This is THE place for good food at reasonable prices.

I've loved Nello's since I can remember!
I love being able to build my own pizza!
Excellent sauce!

Drove up from Cali again and of corse we made a trip to Nellos.
FIVE STARS all the way.

Pizza is fantastic but be sure to order the classic crust.
The thin crust is not as good as the nellos classic.
Very fast service, and my favorite pizza joint in town.
The classic cheese you can't go wrong with but order up a sausage pepperoni and you will be in heaven.

The pepperoni rolls here are awesome!
You get six 2" diameter rolls here with dipping sauce for $6.49 so they are a little expensive but they are well worth it.
They also have Woodchuck hard cider on tap which is very good as well.
Their deep dish pizza is OK.
It would be better if they cut the huge chunks of sausage up into a little smaller pieces so it could be spread across the pizza more evenly.
I have not tried their thin crust pizza or other menu items at all.
Last time I was there to pick up a to-go order of the pepperoni rolls, the person waiting on me was very friendly and took the time to describe the various dipping sauce options and the available drinks they had.

High marks for the tasty pizza, but beware the build your own option!
We ordered a 14" thin crust with chicken, roasted red bell pepper, mushrooms, and feta, and the bill came out to $27.50!
I ordered from their online menu, which did not list the price of these ingredients.
If I knew it would be that expensive, I would not have ordered it.
I spoke with the manager who apologized for those prices not being listed on website, but stopped short of doing anything to make it right, apparently unconcerned about losing a 17 year customer.
We like their pizza but there are other excellent, less pricy options we'll choose next time.

This is still a great restaurant which as been around since 1984.
The classic pizza is a deep dish.
Love this pizza, has excellent flavor and Nellos does not skimp on the ingredients.
The salads are excellent also.
Very casual and take out is easy with a separate area to pick up the pizza.
Excellent service and even though the restaurant was sold a few years ago, it is still good.
I highly recommend Nello's to everyone.

What a great family style pizzeria.
There was nothing they served us that was not surprisingly tasty.
The stuffed mushrooms are a must try.
I agree with one of the other reviewers that the classic crust is the one you want in my opinion.

Best Pizza since I've moved to Scottsdale from St. Louis.
We get carry out all the time

Really great crust.
A bit to much sauce on the pizza.
A very good side salad with excellent blue cheese dressing.
The pepperoni rolls are really tasty.
I would recommend this place for families and groups.
A good eat in pizza place is a great find.
Unplug from your technology and spend some time talking with the family and enjoying some good food with a very helpful staff.

I love the relaxed vibe of this place, and am obsessed with their homemade salad dressing!
I also love their eggplant bruschetta.
I live in San Diego now, but whenever I am back in Scottsdale, I have to stop by Nello's!

Just picked up a 7" pepperoni pizza after seeing Nello's on Check Please Arizona on PBS.
The gentleman behind the counter at Nello's opened the VERY small box to reveal a VERY small pizza.
I said nothing about the size since it is a 7" pizza and it was just for me since I was trying it out for the family.
As I stared at it, he said:  the pepperoni is under the cheese.
He read my mind,  "Where the heck was the pepperoni?
"  As I ate the first slice it took quite a bit to find a VERY, VERY thin slice of pepperoni.
Not happy.
The second slice had a thin slice of pepperoni that was visible and which I could taste.
Had a good taste but not enough to be called  a pepperoni pizza.
I paid $7.38 for this tiny pizza with virtually no pepperoni and frankly I am embarrassed at myself for being misled by a TV program and for paying such a premium price for a morsel of pizza.
The next time that I buy a pizza with pepperoni, I will check to make sure it has enough pepperoni to be called a pepperoni pizza.
I don't want to have to hire a search party to find the pepperoni in my next pizza.

Love your pizza but the service is BAD.
Management needs to keep an eye on the service.
There are a thousand pizza places in the valley and when dining in service is important.

