My Husband and  I go to Rubio's often, he loves there fish tacos, and I love there salads, we usually visit the one on 101 and Frank Lloyd Wright,  but, sometimes go to this location, since my Mom lives near this location, she also loves there Fish Tacos !,   there was a young girl that was so sweet, and thoughtful, that she made my day, never have had this customer service from Rubio's before, I ordered to go, she offered a cup, so I could get water, while I waited, and also offered me larger container's for Salsa, she could probably see it in my eye, that I like it Hot !
was so impressed with her !

Nice clean place with decent food and exceptional value.
Competition such as del Taco or Taco Bell aren't in the same league.
Food is good tasting, staff is young and polite, and the parking is very nice.
Decent folks dining here too.

This is a great Rubio's, I don't know if there is new management but it seems so much nicer than a few years back.
I stopped by with the twins to see if they would eat here.
There are so many happy meals I want to give them.
To my surprise, they loved the chicken taquitos.
They devoured them.
I am so happy I have another option when I am out with them.
The employees are very nice and keep the place very clean.

I thoroughly enjoy a fish taco from time to time and where else can you get one in landlocked AZ?
Look no further.
Mind you, I don't classify it as Mexican food, rather baja style.
At this particular location, they have deals prominently on the whiteboard in the front, which I've enjoyed on several occasions.
One time they featured a three taco plate for less than seven bucks.
Not bad when you're dining out in this area.
If you join their email club, you can get cool things like free chips and guacamole.
Definitely recommend stopping by here if you're looking for quick and cheap in the northern Scottsdale/Carefree area.
And, looking for great fish tacos of course.

I moved to Scottsdale in October from Illinois where there aren't any Rubio's.
I happened upon it by chance.
I ordered a lobster burrito (a special) and my daughter nachos.
The ingredients were really fresh.
The only thing I would change next time I order the burrito is the sauce.
I would ask for it on the side or not at all.
There was way too much and took over the taste of the lobster.
The location is relatively convenient.
Prices are competitive to other fast food places with similar foods.
I would go back.

Love this place.
The two chicken taco meal is my favorite.
The place is always clean and usually quite when I go in.
If you go in to order it usually takes under 10 minutes so I give the place props for the speedy cooking and short wait time.

Fish tacos for the win.

Just got home with Nachos & Chicken.
2nd bite and I found a very long black hair!
Called them and spoke with the manager on duty who offered to remake them.
We live 30 minutes away & I'm no longer in a. Nacho mood to say the least.
No offer of a refund.
Won't be going back there!
Yuck!!

Picked up dinner with my mom on 8/28/13.
The chicken nachos had a very long piece of black hair in them.
She pulled it out right before my eyes.
Totally repulsive.
She called the restaurant & the guy offered to remake them.
When she explained we lived about 30 minutes away and no one felt like eating chicken nachos anymore, not even an offer of a refund.
Didn't even seem concerned that employees were sending out food with their hair in it!
Gross!

Love this place.
We lunch here at least once a week.
Clean, friendly, and great burritos and fish tacos.

My friend and I were looking for a place to eat, something quick  and fresh.
When we pulled up and walked in we immediately heard "ooh s***..." Mumbled from one of the employees from the kitchen.
It became very apparent that they were preparing to close, and that we had arrived 5-10 mins before they closed.
We immediately felt guilty and asked if we could still order and the male employee response was "well it's not like I can ask you to leave" he then proceeded to tell us what was shut down and what we couldn't order, it was then we decided to leave.
From my experience it is understood that the close time is when they lock the doors and that is when the clean up happens, and you never turn down an opportunity for more business.
Overall this was a poor experience and the employees need more customer service training.

Completely downhill in the past few months as the management changed and a lot of the staff in general have changed.
NOW HIRING sign has been up for awhile, so perhaps the fault rests with understaffing.

Got there right at 10:00 and a man named Ruben greeted me, I felt bad being the first customer and coming in so early but he didn't mind at all, extremely polite and took my order, I got my food very fast, and everything was great.
Easily the best Rubio's I've been to, and one of the best customer service experience in a long time, thanks Ruben!

