I thought my 100th review here on Yelp should be somewhere special so I chose this amazing place.
If you have a chance to escape to far North Scottsdale and stay at the Fours Seasons at Troon North, then take advantage of that chance.
We spent an evening escaping the summer heat a bit because it is high enough in elevation to get cooler nights.
We enjoyed a couples massage which was incredible.
Then, we ate some appetizers and drank $13 margaritas at the pool bar.
But hell, who cares about the price of the margarita when you are enjoying yourself so darn much?
Our casita was lovely and felt very private, even though we did have neighbors.
The view of the grounds was pretty although the city views from other parts of the resort are just fantastic.
We ate dinner at their fine dining restaurant, Acacia, and enjoyed drinks on the patio after dinner.
The service was top notch at the entire resort from the sweet tea that greets you in the lobby at check-in to the spa, pool bar, and fine dining experience...all were outstanding.
This was a memorable 24 hour escape for us, but I would love to hole up at this Four Seasons for a lot longer.

I spent a long weekend at the Four Seasons Troon North with my boyfriend to celebrate his birthday.
The service is impeccable, which is what your would expect from the FS.
They perfectly orchestrated a surprised delivery of champagne and choc covered strawberries to our suite for my bf's bday while we were lounging at the spa.
What I think was most unexpected was the hotel itself.
It was very understated, and as Shannon W. points out, very southwestern.
I was a little shocked at first, but then I came to appreciate how the buildings blend in with the environment and how the setting reflects the Arizona desert.
By the end of our stay, I was really glad that the place wasn't tricked out in full FS glam.
We stayed in a suite with fireplace(s) and a plunge pool.
The rooms were huge...2 bath, large living room w/desk area, large bedroom, wrap around outdoor deck that included sitting areas, plunge pool, fireplace and garden shower.
We loved that each of the main rooms had ceiling fans and the living area had a gas fireplace.
Our room had just been redone (so, we could smell the glue from the wood floors still) and from the construction around us, I think they are remodeling still.
We ran into a few problems, but they were addressed immediately.
And, Acacia was closed due to remodeling, but Crescent  Moon was great and carries an extended menu during the remodeling.
The pools were nice, but again, not so decadent and the adult only pool could have used some skimming.
However, I am not complaining b/c I enjoyed my stay immensely and the grounds were beautiful.
Being able to get a chair by the pool w/o having to stake it out is a blessing in itself.
And, the pool attendants bring by all sorts of treats while you lounge...from frozen grapes to tiny cups of smoothies.
Yum!
And, finally, the spa was lovely.
The therapists are wonderful...at least the 3 different people we encountered...perhaps its the laid back lifestyle of the Arizonians, but it really adds something special and soothing to the treatment.
It was wonderful to have some alone time in the sauna and steam rooms...when does that ever happen at a big resort?
All in all a wonderful and relaxing weekend.

I have stayed here extensively on business so I know this place very well.
Typical excellent 4 seasons service, very beautiful grounds, nice spa and pool area.
He are the negatives to consider...  Can be very spendy in season.
The basic rooms don't have much of a view and some are dark with small decks (you may want this in the summer).
Place seems to always be changing or under going construction.
Large adult pool area was "closed for maintenance" for example on my last stay.
New restaurant, Tallavera (?sp), is better than the Acacia but is expensive (very).
Rooms have been redone recently and are now less "Santa Fe  like" as others have complained about.
However, I am not sure I am crazy about the "new look" but that is a taste issue.
Also it is a little remote, not as far out as the Boulders but still a drive into Phoenix.
Probably 50 minutes to airport in light traffic.

I hate to be the bearer of bad news but I had a horrible experience here.
We stayed in one of the 2 bedroom suites/casitas and our keys were deactivated 6 times.
The walk to the front desk was long and hot every one of those 6 times (especially after spending the day at the pool and being stuck outside because the cards don't work).
Yes - the suite was nice, the outdoor showers were lovely, comfy beds, nice bathrooms, blah blah blah.
The service was terrible.
I got a mani-pedi and massage at the spa and despite the fact that I told the masseuse 3 times that the room was freezing, I never actually warmed up.
Not what you'd expect for a Four Seasons spa treatment.
Food was ok so we ended up just getting room service for most meals.
I love Scottsdale but will NOT be staying at the Four Seasons next time.

Four Seasons resorts, in general, are five star kinds of establishments.
I, on the other hand, am not a rockstar who can always throw down the moolah to frequent said five star establishments.
That being said,  my best friend and I dropped by the bar on a Saturday night and enjoyed, well, let's just say NUMEROUS, chocotinis.
We sat out on the patio and enjoyed the beautiful view of the Phoenix skyline twinkling in the distance.
The hotel staff were friendly, courteous and attentive.
Magically appearing when needed and otherwise invisible when not.
When the temperature started to cool down and we said we would like to remain outside, our waiter brought us a couple of comfy blankets to keep us warm.
My friend had her wedding here in 2005 (and it was nothing short of perfect), and she comes by at least once a month for dinner or drinks.
Given the level of service I have seen the times I have been with her, it is easy to see why.

Wow, talk about customer service.
Everyone here from the bellman to the wait staff, to the front desk were all so nice.
People were constantly checking on me to see if I was happy with the service and if I needed anything else.
I'm usually not fond of the desert because I love the ocean, but this is one of those places I would definitely like to go to if I were to go to the desert.
The casitas are cute and comforting.
Everything has the southwest feel from the interior designs to the food.
I was fortunate to be here on a beautiful clear and cool day.
The skies were blue and the temperature was in about the mid 70s.
Each of the casitas has their own fireplace and a patio deck.
Some have pool views or mountain views.
A few people I knew were climing pinnacle peak during the day, so if you're up for some good workout, you can ask the concierge for directions.
From the bar area near the lobby, you can see a view of Scottsdale and Pinnacle Peak.
I highly recommend hanging out here near sunset...it's romantic.

Beautiful..
Customer service was excellent, they all take pride in what they do.
The rooms were decorated nicely and the view out of my window was incredible.
All the food I tasted from the breakfast buffet to the lunch was very good.
I wish I could have given it 5 stars but one day the cable wasnt working and to use the internet/wireless the cost was12 bucks a day..Payin all that money it should be free.
BTW, pool is warm and open 24 hours.
Bad idea closing the bar, taking a dip and afterwards waking up for an all day meeting..  fuggin HURTS!

Beautiful resort with excellent service and amenities...
I'm typing this review as I'm sitting outside on the patio of our casita after a fantastic night's sleep in a comfy bed and room service breakfast.
I know... tough life, right?
While the resort is a bit much on the southwestern decor, and it's really spread out, it's situated right next to Pinnacle Peak and it is quiet and gorgeous with fantastic customer service.
But - you'll pay for it!
We treated ourselves to a night here and we're balancing it out with a night of camping tonight.
Quite the contrast, i know.
Next time I'd do it in reverse order.
Either way, it's a treat!
If you are looking to get away and just want to stay on site at the resort, this is a fantastic option.
Fun bar, beautiful sites for outdoor weddings, big ballrooms, nice rooms, etc... it's close to Greasewood Flat, but that's about it!
We're off to spend some time at the pool now - I may try to stop in for a quick workout in the fitness center on my way there.
4.5 stars for my experience here so far - a wonderful option for a vacation or staycation depending on where you're coming from.
Enjoy!
--  After spending the afternoon at the fitness center, pool, and spa, I have to give Four Seasons a full five stars.
Overly friendly staff and amenities, I don't know what I was thinking before... ;)

I have never stayed here but have eaten in the Non-formal restaurant.
Food is expensive for the size of the meal.
Typical resort hotel type quality.
Menu selection is limited.
Portions are fair.
Ambiance is very nice with Pinnacle Peak and Troon views.
A nice lunch in Winter months could be walked off at the Pinnacle Peak trail which you can walk to from the resort.

I love this resort.
I'm such a sun fiend that I actually enjoy going to AZ in the summer; it's their off season, so it's really quiet, service is great, not too many noisy kids.
Some of the rooms are bad and dark, but just ask to switch and you're usually able.
Crescent Moon for breakfast is awesome - shout out to the egg white fritatta - and Talavera for dinner was the best meal I had while in Scottsdale (on and off property).
Pool is nice - get a cabana if possible, and definitely at the lower pool.
Most annoying part of the place is the pool bartender...he's this obnoxious dude-bro who adores himself and will talk to inanimate objects if it'll garner attention.
Overall, the setting and landscape surrounding the resort, and the design of it is totally awesome and beautiful.
This place will make you love the desert if you didn't previously.
A must-stay on the 4S roster.

This is one of the nice Four Seasons resorts that we've been to.
It is a bit of a large, sprawling complex set in the Arizona desert.
It was a bit of a haul from Phoenix, but that is a small sacrifice for paradise.
As you would expect from the FS, the service is top notch and they seem to anticipate your needs maybe before you do.
Porters, valets, pool attendants seem to jump to serve you and I really like their touch of addressing you by name.
There were a lot of common areas in the resort and they had ample seating.
Rooms were spacious and had all the modern amenities that you would expect from a FS resort.
The pool, spa and gym were all very nice.
If you want a prime seat at the pool you had better get down there early and stake your claim.
Cabanas fill up quick and by the time you are done with breakfast, you'll be lucky to find a seat.
We took advantage of there off season rates, which were a great deal.
Sure it was pretty hot, but it was less crowded and we really enjoyed ourselves.
I have never been out to the desert and the scenery and landscape really impressed me.
I was like a little kid running around to see all the lizard and critters that we saw around the desert.
Cottontails were hopping all around, we also saw a bunch of lizards and hummingbirds.
We had a great room at the edge of the property that overlooked the desert and mountains.
I would just chill out on the patio drinking coffee and one morning we saw a bobcat with a bunny for breakfast walk right by our porch.
It was so cool.
I felt like I was in a scene from wild kingdom.
I rushed to snap a quick picture and have added it to this review.
Of course pay attention when walking around the grounds, but no need to freak out.
The resort had a lot of activities for guests.
We did wine tastings at Talavera and star gazing, which was really cool.
They have more things that I don't remember, but they have a lot of things for the kids and families will surely appreciate them.
You will want to self park to save yourself some money.
Just take the short path or let them cart you over.
Restaurants and golf were stellar as well.
Another Four Seasons gem.
Enjoy yourself.

My husband and I stayed here for a little stay-cation 2 weeks ago.
We had a suite and they upgraded us to one with a plunge pool!
YAY!
I really loved the hotel grounds, it was almost like a little town.
Our suite was a little smaller than I expected and showing a little wear and tear but still very nice.
We had a view of the mountains and the pool area.
I really liked the outdoor area, there was even a telescope!
They charge for Internet service, which I was surprised since we've been to other 4-5 stars hotels were is free.Heck, we've been to 2 stars and it was free!
The pool area was well maintained and the staff prompt and courteous.
I was disappointed with the food offerings at the pool, room service and Crescent Moon:( It was uninspiring, the (old,I guess) menu on their website was much better.
That being said, I ordered the house made s'mores and they were gooooood!!
I went to the spa and while the massage was amazing, their facilities are very basic and small.
The waiting room was full and half the women were standing and the locker area is a bit cramped.
Staff was great and helpful,  they deserved 5 stars!

I joined my husband mid-week while he attended a conference and was not disappointed.
Had never experienced the Four Seasons and would definitely go back.
Yes, it's a hike from parking to your room, especially in cute new sandals, but you can cop out and ask for the golf cart shuttle or suck it up and burn some calories and enjoy their nicely desert-y landscaping.
Had a great, private room with large TV, separate bathroom area, fireplace and great saguaro populated view.
The internet was awful and the concierge claimed it was because of the conference that was visiting.
Yeah, well, it's $12 a day for bad, slow internet.
That's my only complaint.
The quiet pool was tremendous with several cabanas available and almost too solicitious service when we were chilling out.
Loved the free strawberry lemon frozen shot and a little fruit tidbit they brought by.
Both meals I had were good - in the smaller cafe for lunch and room service breakfast.
Other the internet problema, this was a wonderful week and place to spend it in.

I'm grading this Resort on "the food only" not the accommodations.
Occasionally, My wife loves to go to the little restaurant near the main lobby on the west side cause she likes the atmosphere.
It's nice, good views and the food is of good quality.
The meal prices though OMG!!!
The resort must feel that if it's Troon North you'll pay the price just because.
Not this camper.
First, the meal prep takes wayyyyyy too long.
Second, I could get a Breakfast Burrito of considerable size and quality for 6 bucks NOT $17.00!!!
So if you go there, it better be one heck of a need for food or you just have so much money you're not worried.

I'm lucky enough to latch on to my in-laws trip to the Four Seasons Scottsdale every April.
The service is consistently beyond exceptional, but you're going to pay for it.
Prices for lunch at the Residence Club pool are less than at the main pool, and the food is just as good.
Lunch at Crescent Moon is also great - entrees are big enough to share.
If you can take the heat, try to come in May or September.
You can get great rates and the heat isn't too bad except for at its peak.

Best vacation I've ever had.
They practically give these rooms away in the summer, and it's a great value.
The service is amazing, the rooms are understated but elegant, and my favorite is the prickly pear iced tea that they have free flowing all over the resort.
Such a relaxing visit- after three days I felt better than I had in years.
Something about the overwhelming desert heat...
FORCES you to just relax.
Nice quiet pool, free of horrid disco music.
Great value!!

We attended a wedding here and drove from CA to very dry, hot hot hot!!!!!
Phoenix and Scottsdale (I was humbled that this area of the country even beat out my own hometown's ability to 'bowl' in over 100+F temps).
The Four Seasons stands out in every sense and was a very memorable occasion.
Even the drive through the affluent area of golf courses and award-wining architectural designed homes in a desert area fills one with much anticipation.
Trying to keep from careening around every winding pass, I kept on looking for it.
Ahhhh... *there* it is.... the desert oasis, the gorgeous Four Seasons Resort!
This venue is simply amazing... the views are amazing, and the back portion of the hotel was used for the ceremony.
What a treat to come here and be spoiled in celebration of a marital union, and have splendid fine dining.
I remember well the decor of the hotel: in matching the SW style and the arid desert surroundings, one adjective echoes forth: Tasteful  Great filet mignon, lots of laughter (and wine!!
), and a beautiful, beautiful wedding venue here.
PS Word to the wise... trust me, you're going to be wanting to arrive here with a reliable vehicle.
The drive up from Phoenix taxed out our then Camry and I think *it* wanted a piece of some poolside lounging (and a margarita) after the trek!

Positive: The area is beautiful.
The surrounding area's scenery is lovely, and the landscape architecture at the resort is very well done.
The rooms are spacious and comfortable, especially the beds.
For the colder months, there are in-suite fireplaces.
The restaurant (Talavera) is delicious and the brunch offered on weekends is one of the best I have ever been to.
The pool is fine and folks help set up the lounge chairs.
Iced water, magazines, and sun block are available poolside as well.
Negative:  The biggest complaint I had with the resort was the number of loud children at the pool (including those under the care of the hotel's child-caretakers who brought the kids to the pool.
)  Mind you, I am a teacher, I love children, but on vacations I want to lounge by a quiet poolside.
There is an adults-only pool, but after we moved from our "cabana" in the young-and-old side, there were few seating options left at the adult-only pool, and you could still hear the noise.
Not what I was expecting at a Four Seasons.
They charge $10 each night to park your car at the hotel (not valet, this is offered but at a greater charge).
I could understand if the hotel was in a city, or in a town with many options for public transportation, but the only way to get from the airport to to the hotel, and around the area (most shopping and restaurants are a 15-30 minute drive from the hotel) is via car.
**It is important to know that the hotel is spread out over a good distance, so to get from most rooms to the lobby, pool, and restaurants, one must walk a lot.
Carts are available for guest transport, but there you may find yourself waiting a while for it to arrive.
Older guests or those with back/foot trouble may want to stay at the Phoenician where rooms are typically closer to the lobby/pool.

Love this place!
Nestled in the side of the mountain, The Four Seasons is what you would expect from their properties.
Smiling and friendly faces, exceptional service, a beautiful pool area and an atmosphere to help you relax.
While both the restaurant and banquet food was good, it was not 5 Star.
For these prices, it should be.
Don't get me wrong, it was very good.
Just not great.
The lobby bar, Onyx, is small but get's hopping and is a welcome retreat from relaxation when you need some fun strangers to talk with.
Having stayed here twice and visiting friends for cocktails on their patios, I can tell you the rooms varied greatly from huge to average in size.
Some with lap pools and patios while others had private decks up against the hills.
The wonderful smell of chiminea burning along the paths add to a delightful get-a-way.
I highly suggest this resort if you are in the mood to relax.
It's not near much so you won't be tempted to do anything.
And that's my idea of a vacation.

We just got back from having our honeymoon week at this resort.
Simply amazing!
relaxing by the pool in the casitas was very relaxing.
The attendants at the pool were very helpful with the pitchers of chilled water with fruit slices and the free snacks of chilled fruit, fruit smoothies and dibs ice cream were awesome.
The first night we arrived we had dinner in the outside area by the onyx bar.
the food was great and the views at night of pinnacle peak and the city lights of scottsdale far beyond were awesome!
The staff was so friendly and helpful.
Anything you asked for, they delivered.
We told the front desk at check-in that we had just gotten married and when we had dinner the first night the server brought us an amazing dessert that had "congratulations" written in chocolate on the dish...on the house.
While we were at the pool, the attendants brought us champagne in honor of  our honeymoon.
We came back to our room on the second day to find a bottle of champagne and strawberries with ganache as well.
We are already making plans to return again next year !

An extraordinary experience.
Picture perfect.
They DO NOT include internet with your stay.

Now I have to admit that my travel companion may have had an enchanting effect on my vision and experience at this resort, but I'll try to remain objective.
Nope, can't do it.
I'm pretty sure that I have stayed at Four Seasons before, but after this experience I don't remember for sure.
Thank you baby for finding my delete button.
In my humble opinion this place is one of the most romantic hotels in which I have ever stayed, which says a bunch considering that it is in the middle of the desert, and the thermometer reached 105 at the pool.
The pool staff kept us cool with nonstop frozen alcoholic beverages.
Damn those go down fast, and they ain't cheap.
Fortunately, neither am I.
Unfortunately, the drinks were strong enough to deaden my senses, so I didn't realize that I was as red as a baboon's ass until I saw myself in the mirror.
A little about our room, which it wasn't exactly, or at least ours wasn't.
We had an amazing casita.
The privacy was phenomenal.
We could keep our sliding glass door wide open without worrying about anyone looking in from the inhospitable cactus laden desert outside.
Although, from the looks that we received while strolling through the grounds, I'm not certain that they couldn't hear us.
Oh well!
If I have to find some negatives, I guess that I could complain that the spa prices were exorbitant and you had to pay to park, as if parking spaces are so scarce in the desert.
But hey, for true romance I will spare no expense.

one of the best hotels ever.
i stay there at least once a year for a week and its always great.
they just refurbished their pool area and its magnificent.

Solid but a couple issues, namely the check-in clerk in the evening was not as professional and friendly as you would expect at a 4S property.
My stay there was about a year ago and I'm just now finishing the review draft.
Overall, a great location (although NOT on Troon golf course, close to it)...

Fabulous place to stay but way out from the traditional places of Scottsdale.
All suites with 100 plus sq ft patio.
Walk in closet, large bathroom with separate soak tub, shower, and vanity.
Southwest décor, with similar pieces throughout the public spaces anchoring it all together.
The sleeping area provides a HDTV, comfortable bed with down comforters, desk area, overhead fan, and a gas fireplace with a sitting area for two.
An ihome is available to dock you iPod.
Walk in closet, with iron/board, toaster, serving board, additional folding table, safe (at a fee), house slippers, shoe horn, and plenty of shelving.
The bathroom provides a dual vanity, 2 robes, attached illuminated vanity mirror, and usually soaps/shampoo/conditioner/lotion.
The desk area provides wired and wireless connection for $10/$15 per day depending on speed selection.
The patio has a table with two chairs and utilizes a wall mounted lamp and table candles for illumination.
The suites are separated in sections 8 +/- per section with a separate assigned ice machine and laundry room.
Detergent is provided.
A newspaper is provided every morning by hanging a sign outside your door indicating your preference (WSJ or USA Today) on the weekday.
The Arizona Republic is available on the weekends.
Self-parking (fee per day) or Valet (fee per day) parking is available adjacent from the lobby.
A staff driven golf cart is available to get to your room.
Parking is NOT adjacent to rooms.
You may opt to walk to your suite but not recommended if your dragging luggage especially if you're on the opposite end of the resort.
A call to the lobby to request a golf cart pick up is required.
Note: walking from the far end of the resort to the lobby is no more than a 3 minute walk.
The landscape is amazing!
Cabanas are available at the pool area.
Pool/Jacuzzi is heated throughout the year.
The area is separated by a gait but without locks.
Getting here can be difficult when traveling in the evening without GPS.
Numerous guest stated the same experience.
The resort is not close to the freeway requiring a drive through the very dark desert.
It's located off a non-major street.
The resort sign is small compared to your high-end resorts stating hey YOU'RE HERE!
Signage is small in scale and poorly lit.!!
The grocery store is about .9 miles up the road for supplies.
I recommend making a stop prior to settling in since your car may be a distance from your room.
The staff is extremely friendly and attentive but definitely not like the Ritz Carlton.
The Ritz....just does it well!!
The experience and views of this resort is exceptional.
If a deal comes your way definitely give this place a try.
If you need to stay closer to Scottsdale there are plenty of areas with the same caliber in Scottsdale, which allows you to experience a variety of settings.
Honestly, I frequent AZ and select the Scottsdale area to stay.
It provides for a variety of experiences.
Your somewhat secluded here at the Four.....

Fabulous.
Spotless, beyond curteous, great views.
Love, love, love.
The atmosphere is a tiny bit stuffy for this slightly younger lady, but it is so peaceful and relaxing.
I think about having breakfast delivered to my patio every morning and sigh wistfully.
Can't wait to stay here again.

As good as it gets in a resort.
It is up near Pinnacle Peak and the views are amazing.
Incredibly peaceful and the service is second to none.
The only issue I have with the resort is distance from much of anything else.

Wish we could have stayed longer!
The pool, the rooms, the food, and the service are impeccable!
Can't say enough nice things about the resort and the people here.
It is a little bit of a drive to activities, but we didn't mind.

All in all, a typical good but pricey Four Seasons.
Basic room, $260 per night on weekend, $160 for the person who booked months in advance.
The top service you'd expect from 4S.
Room was not overly big but not small either, patio looked out on a desert scene.
The rooms are set up in little "casitas" (units of 6 or so rooms), but no more than 5 min walk from lobby / pool (golf carts available if you call).
Rooms in good repair.
Pool area was fine, 3 pools + hot tub.
Food was fine, prices typical for 4S (e.g., $20 lunch enteree).

This review if for the casita (residence club).
If you dont own, dont go there.
They have two sets of standards and will not accommodate any requests from non-owners.
You may also end up in casita 44 next to the busy road.
Other staff seem to be quite friendly.
You could have qute a pleasant experience there.

Nestled into the Sonoran Desert about 40 minutes from Downtown Phoenix, this resort celebrates its rugged Southwestern spirit while still offering an exceptional luxury experience.
The Four Seasons makes it easy to customize your experience, whether you prefer to explore the nearby desert or lounge by the pool.
My wife and I took two desert hikes--there are trails connected to the resort.
The approximately five-mile Pinnacle Peak hike is only slightly difficult and offers amazing 360 degree views of the desert.
I would recommend hiking in the morning--it gets hot!
What a great way to start your day.
We selected one of the mid-rage rooms, and were suprised by its size and apportions.
We had two large rooms, two bathrooms, a sun deck.
The rooms are luxurious without being stodgy.
One nice touch was the telescope--the desert sky provided amazing stargazing.
There are three restaurants: Talavera (fine-dining steakhouse), Crescent Moon (high-end Mexican), and Saguaro Blossom (poolside and lighter fare).
We found the food to be the least memorable part of our stay, especially Talavera--which was mildly disappointing.
However, the brunch buffet at Cresent Moon is excellent.
I would also highly recommend the Carne Asada nachos poolside, which were some of the best I've had.
Perhaps our favorite part of the experience was the quiet and solitude.
Maybe it was a quiet weekend at the resort, but we never felt crowded.
It was easy to get a prime poolside spot and we just strolled into the restaurants at our leisure.
Service was faultless.
This is not an inexpensive weekend but, as I've found in my travels, with Four Seasons resorts you truly get what you pay for.

What an amazing Mini Vacation.
I went in August which was about 105 degrees but it was perfect.
The pool was relaxing, the water felt great and I enjoyed all three nights of my stay.
We decided it was so great we never left the resort.
The Room was very clean and very comfortable.
Talavera had the most amazing Fish Entrees, the seabase OMG I can still taste it, the salmon was the best I have ever had, and I dislike salmon completely.
The service through out the restaurant and hotel was amazing.
The special drinks they had were very tasty and made the 105 degrees weather manageable.
The brunch buffet and breakfast at Crescent Moon is excellent all three days, so fresh, the pomegranate fresh juice was amazing I had three.
The food tasted like the items were freshly picked that morning.
I literally gained 5 ILBs on this trip and it was worth all of it.
The Lounge had tasty small Tapas which I enjoyed while it drizzled that night, the whole hotel has a great relaxing ambiance.
The nights were amazing to walk around the hotel or sit around the pool with the night lights on and enjoy the peacefulness of the resort.
I believe we saw bats flying around in the middle of the night.
which was very cool.
Worth every penny.
Just watch out for Camera Speed Traps on the way there.
Enjoy,

I came here for two nights for a meeting and was wishing the entire time that I wasn't working.
Unfortunately, I didn't have much time to enjoy the grounds, but that meant that I really took advantage of the short time I had!
I could tell that the resort was beautiful from the pictures, but I was truly blown away by how wonderful it was when I got here!
The views of the desert mountains and Phoenix lights are amazing and I love the indigenous plants and cacti dotting the landscape as you walk up the cute path to your room.
All of the rooms are in separate buildings along this path so instead of having to stay in a boring hotel building, you get to enjoy the view on the way to and from your room.
The staff here is wonderful, the rooms are beautiful and impeccably clean, and each room has its own little secluded balcony with a great view.
This is the first Four Seasons I've stayed at and I really wish that I had enough money to stay here on my own dime so I could actually take the time to enjoy all of the amenities.
What a great way to enjoy the beauty of the desert!

Can't take a star off for crappy AT&T reception.
I made all my calls in the business office/closet.
Not a place to wear your Louboutins but if you choose to you can get a lift from your room in a zippy golf cart.
I had an ultimate manicure in a spa chair that creepily resembles an adult high chair.
Nice selection of OPI and a terrific paraffin wax.
Good massage with my happy ending being white chocolate covered strawberries.
Pedicure poolside.
Several very good meals.
Excellent tapas in the bar and yummy white sangria and tequila piña locas.
I preferred Talavera to Crescent Moon but that was based on my fondness for faux Italian over tex mex.
The car service they arranged was wonderful and much easier than making independent arrangements.
I'm not one for the desert but with all the bunnies abounding and beautiful surroundings I had a very nice time.

This year I decided to treat myself and not cook Easter dinner.
After calling around one week before Easter (should have called the Phoenician months ago) we decided that Four Seasons would be a great choice...after all it is the Four Seasons.
At $68 dollars per person/$78 with mamosis the three of us went on our merry way.
So excited.
We couldn't of been more disapointed.
The Easter Brunch was less than impressive with limited selections.
An appetizer selection/main course and what they called a desert station.
Long story short the crab legs were still frozen as they were served with cocktail sauce and there wasn't much to choose from period.
The chicken pot pie which I love was as if they put the filling in a food processor.
To shorten the story let's go to the deserts....chocolate covered strawberry's with a few selections of dips and some sort of chocolate and vannila mouse in cute little shot glasses...that's it.
We were finished within one hour since there really wasn't any reason to linger like one would at a normal Easter Brunch.
The place was 1/2 full and we easily got in before our 4:00 pm reservations.
I wasn't going to post this but after talking to the restaurant manager today (which left me even more frustrated) and still miffed at this moment I thought I would.
They may be good for a brunch on the weekend since you would expect breakfast foods (which there were not any...not even ham) but  for the price we paid...we could of went and had a nice meal elsewhere...maybe even two!

Lovely accommodations in the casitas.
Nice living room, patio, private plunge pool, outdoor shower.
We were traveling with a small dog and it was very comfortable.
Room service breakfast was great!

Love this place!
Rooms were great, service was great and the pool and grounds are completely relaxing.a first class resort.
Loved the trails and proximity to fun places.
Definitely coming back!
A little pricey but hey, it's the Four Seasons:)

Four Seasons always impresses and their resort in Scottsdale was no different.
We were there on a work sales trip and everything was awesome.
The service was great and the facilities were great.
The pool was amazing and they came around every hour with a different treat (lemonade, pineapple, cold cucumber for your eyes, etc) which we really looked forward to.
The rooms were good size and very well kept.
The rest of the grounds were well manicured as well and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.

Just did a summer staycation there.
Everything about this place is wonderful.
Outstanding customer service 100% of the time -- wonderfully accommodating staff everywhere.
The steady stream of free goodies poolside is delightful (Otter Pops!
Vanilla Iced Coffee Shooters!
Cucumbers to eat, or for your eyes!
Evian Facial Mist!
Fresh pineapple!).
Just little touches everywhere that you don't find anywhere else.
Great place for adults, as there aren't too many kids running around.
Even the cheapest rooms are beautiful, with nice views.
You'll pay for the privilege, but you'll struggle to find a better experience.

Pros:  Beautiful property Every amenity you would need Fridge brought to us free of charge Fireplace and Jacuzzi tub  Cons:  If you stay in a casita you must walk to your room.
If you get a ride you always have to tip.
Request a room near the parking where you can get to your car.
It was 1000 steps from the car to our room.
The website has glitches.
Specifically on the dining page you can't view the menus.
I let them know so hopefully this will get fixed.
The fridge is already full of stuff all on sensors.
If you move anything for 20 seconds you have bought it.
We asked for another fridge and they brought us one so we could put water bottles and yogurts etc in there.
Not on the same page with all guests.
We were here for a conference being held at a nearby church.
When we talked to other guests they mentioned that they got itineraries for special daily activities like wine tastings and chocolate fountain and movies and happy hours.
We did not receive any of that.
Several also received coupon for free breakfast and others did not.
Everyone should get the same info and perks if we are all part of the same group.

This is a beautiful (if barren) setting, and the hotel creates a delightful oasis, with wandering lanes linking the room, and a pleasant pool.
If the weather is hot, that does mean a hot walk to the main building for meals, but that's why you're here, I suppose.
Dinner in the dining room is good, if not inspired, and if the weather permits the outdoor dining is delightful, with live music, and a view of the craggy surroundings.
Breakfast is a nice buffet.
Compared to other Four Seasons, the resort seems a bit short on amenities, as beyond hiking in the desert or swimming in the pool, there is little to do.
But for a relaxing getaway, it's a pleasant place.
Wifi is free.

Annual staycation for wife's birthday.
This place still sets the bar for local resorts.
Great pool with added bonus of a cabana without any extra charge.
The bartender made the killer lemon drops that we grew attached to on a previous visit, even though they are gone from the drink menu.
Just great service and a nice resort trying to fit into a beautiful landscape as gracefully as possible.

It probably doesn't come as a surprise that I give the Four Seasons a shining five stars.
It is the Four Seasons after all and they pride themselves in being the best of the best.
However, I am really giving this Four Seasons five stars because they go above and beyond with the little perks that really make them stand apart from the rest.
I haven't had the pleasure of staying at this resort, but I spent the day using the amenities and all I can say is, wow!
I arrived early for my spa day and once I checked into the spa and poured myself a glass of the strawberry infused water, we made our way out to the tennis courts to play a little bit before the treatments.
The courts are made of grass and definitely made me feel like I was playing in Wimbledon!
Talavera was under construction and since the spa sits underneath the restaurant, they moved the treatment rooms to suites throughout the property.
Four Seasons...you get a big bravo on your strategic placement of the treatment rooms!
The check-in room was in one of their amazing casitas.
I had no idea their casitas looked like this!
A one bedroom has two bathrooms, an outdoor private shower and a private patio with a fire place and a private pool.
Yes a private pool!
I will dream about this casita.
The spa treatment was incredible.
They were offering a "happy hour" deal with two 25 minute treatments, so I opted for the Swedish massage and a foot massage.
It was incredible and I nearly fell asleep!
As if that wasn't good enough, once the massage was over, they offered me a chocolate covered strawberry to enjoy on my way out.
This is an example of a little perk that goes a really long way!
After the spa treatment, we made our way out to the pool for an afternoon of fun in the sun.
They have a total of three pools, including an adult pool, main pool and kid pool.
It's nestled in the mountains and the view is spectacular.
In addition, the cabanas are free!
That's right, they don't charge for the use of their basic cabanas so you can get the shade without the additional cost (if you want a cabana with a TV, etc that will cost you).
While we enjoyed the sun, a pool girl came around every 20 minutes with a different complimentary nibble!
The first time she brought pineapple, the second time around she brought out cups of corn nuts and the third time around, she brought out rice krispie treats with peanut butter.
Sadly, we missed about three more rounds.
This is another example of small perks going a really long way.
After my staycation day at the Four Seasons, I have absolutely added this resort to my list of must-visits.

The rooms and the property are GORGEOUS!
Lots of local wildlife to see.
Polite enough staff, though one of the valets was a little rude and yelled at me when I opened my car door to wave to someone I was meeting telling me to stay with my car.
But I was quickly over that.
I have a greater issue with the Talavera restaurant on the property.
The restaurant is over designed to the point it insults the guest.
The eclectic old southwest look is nice to look at but they completely forgot about function!!
Case in point is that all of their tables have a HUGE bulky pedestal base.
This base means that if a lady is wearing a fitting dress or skirt she has to sit very far back from the table and is banging her knees into the awful thing.
Another option is to hike the skirt way up and straddle the thing.
Either way it is uncomfortable and not what you expect when you spend $50+ per plate.
The menu is handed to you on a wooden plank that is awkward to handle.
Plates, serving cast iron pans, faux-recycled (look it but are not) butter dishes and everything else at this place is all style and no substance.
Just plain awkward and uncomfortable.
When you are here you really just want to finish up and leave.
Then on to the food.
The food is completely uninspired.
I would expect some local flavor but there was none.
It is steaks and seafoods which are ok. with side dishes that are completely insulting.
They combine a bunch of fancy sounding stuff but the outcome is a barely palatable failure.
Their corn side dish was served semi cold and tastes like it has lemon in it.
Actually I think lemon is probably the secret in everything.
I have had cilantro lime roasted corn before and that was spectacular.
This lukewarm, not really roasted corn with lemon juice and maybe some olive oil or something on it was mediocre at best.
The flat iron steak was fine but not spectacular.
The kale side was sour and not good, also served fairly cool.
Their rolls were served hot and those were tasty though they would have been better off making the butter salted butter rather than sweet butter with huge salt chunks which were again just awkward.
I'm not trying to nit pick but truly when I say awkward, I'm trying to highlight how this combination of awkwardness makes the dining experience less than spectacular and came across as almost insulting.
As if the kind of people who stay at this kind of resort are so stupid that you can throw anything with a fancy name at them and they are supposed to rave about it.

Honestly this is as good as it gets!!!
we absolutely love this resort.
The staff is extremely nice.
They are extremely accommodating.
Beautiful resort.
they have 1-2 level  rooms..its not just one large big hotel.
The layout of this place is different and beautiful.
i was very very nervous bcz we are in the dessert and i'm certainly not use to scorpions, snakes and large spiders but thank god i did not see any in this resort...they know how to keep this place safe and beautiful!
The gym was very nice and clean.
I loved the spa.
The massage and facial were very good!!
after all Arizona is known for their spa resorts!!
I was told many times we should go on a hike...i said listen, the only hike i'm taking is a hike to the bar for a drink..lolol (not a fan of arizona wildlife/animals.
)   but seriously, if you really are not botherd by the occasional snake or coyote..i say go on a hike i heard it's very nice.
Biking is also a big thing there.
If i go back to Arizona, four seasons will def be the place for me!!
The restaurant was very good.
They have 3 pools...one for toddlers..one for adults and one for family and also a jacuzzi.
Pool staff were very attentive.
I really have to say they were all nice...it was a pleasure..i'm not use to all that niceness being a NYorker...i have to be truthful here!!!!
i loved it!
They also have washers and dryers throughout the resort for your clothes so it was a pleasure to be able to wash my gym clothes and etc...  not many places have this!
you get what you pay for here...you spend more but you get more!!
BTW...they love the new york accent..it takes midwesterners and others to appreciate our accent!!
lololol.
I suggest it for couples and also friends trip(women).
I think arizona is good for the beautiful weather(just not in the summer), spa treatments, restaurants and some shopping!
Weather in October..November is beautiful!!!
I got a nice tan..no humidity.. Temp in the 80s.
Temp does drop at night but its fine.
Now..I have to say, i DO NOT think this is for spring breakers or real craziness!!
Scottsdale is a great area..nice restaurants and shopping.
so if you head to Arizona... Scottsdale is the place to be.

I stayed here with my family and was incredibly pleased!
The service was incredible...I actually left something at the suite after we checked out and the security was so kind that they mailed it to me free of charge within days!
Beauty landscape and truly a 5 star resort!
If your the outdoorsy type then this is the place to stay considering its proximity to Pinnacle Peak.

Beautiful layout & gorgeous views.
Be careful before you open the bottle of water in your room mini bar.
$17.95 put a stain on otherwise beautiful accommodations

One of my favorite resorts always!!!
Love!

Hello Ben Thank you for the update.
there must have been a billing snafu I will forward my bill to the front desk for a correction as I only used 2 items and got charged $19.79 for each item.
Thank you for the clarification.

Amazing.
People there are unbelievably friendly and helpful.
Our dog got a cactus stuck in its face and within a few minutes there was a guy there with a bag full of cactus extraction equipment helping us out.
The bars were well stocked and the tenders knowledgeable.
Fairly priced.
Would most definitely return.

My company came here for our annual Sales Training and I was blown away with the service, food and overall experience at the resort.
Well done!

Salon: My star rating was based on the salon My friend had a gift card for the Four Seasons so during our trip to Scottsdale, we decided to use it at the Salon to get our nails done.
We got an appointment on Saturday morning, I called beforehand to make sure they have gel/shellac manicures available.
I sat in a weak massage chair, but enjoyed the warm neck pillow she placed around me.
I asked if she could do a french manicure and she hesitated but said yes.
As she was putting my hands in the UV, I noticed that the white polish was starting to bubble at the tips, I pointed it out to her and she said that's happened before, I assume its because there was air flowing through the UV lamps, which I've never experienced before.
Once the last coat was on and under the light, it was time for the salt scrub.
I was excited at the thought that I would get my hands and arms scrubbed, but disappointed when she asked me to do it myself and then she spent about 30 seconds rubbing my hands.
No lotion, no massage, nothing.
My friend was still getting her nails done so I left to go use the sauna.
ONE DAY LATER, my at least $105 manicure (It was $85 for the gel and another $20 for the french!!
) started PEELING UP!!!
It's now been 4 days and I've had 4 fingers start peeling and was able to just peel the entire gel polish.
I pay $40 in Santa Barbara and it lasts up to 3 weeks!
For paying over $100, this manicure was worthless.
Pool:  My friend and I mentioned to our manicurists about wanting to go to the pool there and they said that we couldn't because the pool was only open to spa guests.
We were disappointed as we wanted to spend the afternoon there and thought the salon counted.
We went into the well stocked locker room and changed into our suits anyways and went to check it out.
Whoa!
We walked right in without needing a key card.
No one asked us anything as we found a couple lounge chairs and laid out.
The friendly poolside staff, brought us a pitcher of water and towels.
We ordered lunch a couple hours later, and when they asked our room number, we told him we were guests of the spa and were going to pay cash.
We had the chicken panini and jalapeno hummus.
They were both great!
Throughout the afternoon the poolside staff brought treats for everyone including rice crispy treats, dibs ice cream and otter pops!
Perfect things for a hot day.

If luxury and service is what you're after, you'll find it here.
In typical Four Seasons style, the casitas are well-appointed with a patio, a small sitting area, an giant bed covered in down, a walk-in closet, a huge spa tub, aAnd a shower for two.
Soft doesn't even begin to describe the cloud-like comfort of the beds.
The complimentary L'Occitane soaps and lotions definitely make my skin radiate with happiness.
Service is unparalleled - after a long overseas flight, my husband and I were immediately greeted, our bags whisked off to our room, and our car parked with a complimentary valet.
Even the late-night in-casita dining was prompt, fresh, and delicious.
In the morning, complimentary coffee, tea, espresso, and muffins are available in the lobby.
At the giant chilled pool complex, the staff sets up your comfortable lounge chair and brings you a pitcher of ice water to help keep you cool.
Every so often, small snacks are brought around - think ice pops, cheese and grapes, or corn nuts.
Also impressive was the spa and workout facilities.
Plentiful top-of-the-line treadmills, ellipticals, and weight machines abound.
Additionally, the resort is located directly next to Pinnacle Peak park, which provides an excellent workout as well as a chance to catch a wonderful view and spy local wildlife.

What an absolute stunner of a resort.
There is not one single thing to complain about at this gorgeous property.
The grounds are immaculate, the pool is pure perfection, service is superb, and the accommodations are plush, cozy, and refined.
We also loved the restaurant here!
We had our 7 month old daughter and the staff absolutely rolled out the red carpet to accommodate her, at no extra charge.
They brought a crib, diaper genie, microwave and mini fridge to our room just for her.
The Four Seasons really "gets" parents of little ones!
We will absolutely return - this was just a spectacular vacation for us and we loved every second.

Just ok.
Nothing special.
It does not feel like you are at four seasons.
I had higher expectations..

Stayed here last year and forgot to write up a review on it.
The Four Seasons brand says it all.
The best possible for all their guests.
Everyone seems to love working here.
They are extremely well-trained to make you happy.
Everyone smiles, they open doors for you, stop what they're doing to say hello, help you with the smallest things, and you never feel like they are insincere.
The service is just unparalleled.
The whole experience just tickles you so silly you just can't stand it!
I stayed in a two bedroom residence club, which is the Four Seasons timeshare.
The accommodations are well-appointed and comfortable, in Four Seasons style, understated, high quality, and makes you feel at home somewhere else.
We loved the full kitchen, the washer/dryer set, and daily maid service.
I was intrigued by the Arizona desert and this was my first time out here.
It looked like the bottom of the ocean without the water, very surreal.
The sky was crystal blue, with puffy white clouds billowing past.
The weirdest thing on my way there,  a single large dark cloud wafted over our vehicle and started to rain on us, and like a bugs bunny cartoon the rest of the sky was blue and dry, with other brilliant white clouds.
Trip out.
It was hot here.
I mean 100+ almost everyday, but it's a dry heat, so if you can get under some shade, you are at least 10 degrees cooler.
Also, the body seems to adjust to it somewhat.
My wife never did, but after a while, I just went about my business just like anywhere else.
Overall, a thoroughly enjoyable experience.
Four Seasons spoils you for anything else.

This resort is absolutely spectacular.
Extremely fabulous!
Unparalleled service and class.
Linda in reservations is so accommodating.
Christina and the front desk staff is so hospitable and friendly.
Art gave a superb massage & the spa girls are beyond sweet.
Eric, Brian, & Jordan are great guys at the front door, who always have a smile on their face.
Kailee, Erica, Jesse, and Cameron in PROOF are THE BEST!
They provide excellent customer service and are so personable and attentive.
Jason is so kind-hearted, knowledgeable, & exceptionable (along with the whole management team).
Housekeeping was so prompt and took care of details.
Finally, Paula in Accents giftshop was great.
The whole experience here was beyond our wildest dreams.
The rooms are wonderful.
The toiletries are divine.
The hotel is amazing!
We are already planning to return next year., OUTSTANDING!
Bravo, Four Seasons Scottsdale!

This hotel is very close to perfect.
I was only there one night, but it was amazingly pleasant, relaxing, and enjoyable.
It doesn't feel like a hotel at all - its a relaxed and comfortable resort - with an excellent design.
It isn't the most spacious or expansive resort I've ever been to - its just compactly comfortable.
There's a central building with reception, banquet and meeting rooms, and a gift shop, among other things, and there are remote buildings and casitas with guest rooms, and there are other spaces, some comfortable restaurants and bars, a magnificent pool - pools really - a kids pool, a main pool, and an adults pool, I think).
There are tennis courts and waking paths, and for groups, there are a number of outdoor venues for meals, receptions, and events (probably like weddings, etc.
)  I loved the room I stayed in.
It was spacious, warm, clean, and comfortable.
It had a fireplace (gas) that made it feel even nicer.
The bathroom was very large, with a great shower, and a bathtub with a handheld spray faucet that made it almost another shower.
I've had hotel rooms in some cities which were not much larger than the bathroom at the Four Seasons Scottsdale.
My room had an open air balcony that I sat on for a couple of hours Sunday night enjoying the fresh evening air and working on my computer until I just stopped and looked at the sky for half an hour.
Its far enough away from the lights of Phoenix and Scottsdale that on a clear night with a shining moon, I could still see thousands of stars in the sky.
Amazing.
And Quiet too.
The bed was very comfortable.
The staff quite accommodating.
The banquet food at our meeting was on the higher end of hotel meeting food - and I've had to much of that type of food after 6 straight weeks of business travel.
I can't say anything bad about the resort except that I hated to leave after only one night.

This is a gem of a resort.
Tucked away in the foothills at Troon North, this resort is top notch.
It deserves it's AAA 5 Diamond rating.
Every time I've been here, the service is top notch.
Every employee from the valet staff when we arrive, to the bus person at the restaurant understands how to provide guests with 5 Diamond service.
I've had the pleasure of being a guest here when a few friends from out of town stayed here over the summer.
We were able to join them for an evening by snatching a low summer rate.
Although it was only 1 night, we were very relaxed and felt like we were 1000 miles away from Phoenix.
The rooms are spectacular with premium amenities.
In addition to staying here, I come here for lunch from time to time with colleagues.
The food in all of their restaurants is amazing.
They also recently launched a food truck, yep a food truck!
Overall, this is one of Scottsdale's best resorts.
Return Factor - 100%

Mmm, good coffee!
And they have stevia too.
Had quite a few dinner events here for work.
Sometimes I walk over there breakfast.
It really is a pretty special property.

The only reason I am not giving this hotel 5 stars is because it is so far out there.
I has no idea how big Scottsdale was until I discovered how far this hotel is from everything.
Once you do get there is is a Four Seasons at its finest.
Great rooms, great restaurant, staff that bends over backwards, 24 hour room service.
Movie rental, extra phone chargers, great gift shop and beautiful grounds.
As long as you don't mind the drive it's among one of the best hotels in town.
They even allow dogs :)

Not a Four Seasons more like a Double Tree.
Both casitas on either side of us had their patio chimneys at the same time so we were forced to eat inside.
They should buy gas or electric patio heaters so other guests' stays are not affected.
This was one thing that really ruined my stay.
Also, clean your carpets for goodness sake.
A five star hotel should not have stained carpets.
It took almost two hours for them to get our room ready.
The mattress sagged in the middle and clearly was not regularly turned.
Room service took almost two hours picking up our dirty dishes, cutting into sleep time.
The service is not en par with the price point.
The housekeeping staff was great.
The room was beautiful except for the ugly Holiday Inn curtains.
The grounds are breathtaking.
Would not return.
Sorry.

Had a terrible experience on our first room.
There was animal poop that had been covered up with a tissue and the air conditioning didn't work!!
After a letter of complaint, the hotel upgraded us to an oasis suite and it was amazing.
We had a private plunge pool and outdoor shower.
The hotel only got better from here.
The concierge and a woman named Ayshton were extremely helpful.
I highly recommend the restaurant proof.
The food is amazing.
I would recommend this resort to anyone coming to Scottsdale.

Since we received a canned response here on Yelp, we contacted corporate who were appalled at the situation and lack of follow-up by the management in Scottsdale.
They apologized profusely and were deeply disgusted about the chimneys being lit on patios, especially around young children.
They offered a partial refund,

AHHHHMAZING!
That sums it up!
Absolutely wonderful resort ... the service at the residence club is outstanding.
They sure do make you feel pampered and welcome, and go out of their way to ensure you are happy.
The grounds are beautiful, so well kept .. so peacful and a perfect way to de-stress and get rejuvinated!
The food (and service) at Ocotill Grill at residence club pool is outstanding.
Fish tacos and the shrimp salad are out of this world.
And the agave mojito is a must.
Thank you to all at Four Seasons for making this a superb stay.
I can't wait to come back.

Four Seasons at Troon is unbelievable!
The food is amazing!
The rooms are beautiful!
I am in love!
This is the cleanest resort I have ever stayed.
They turn your room down two times per day.
The employees are helpful and accommodating.
I would stay here over and again!

Spent another week here.
I think the rooms are starting to show their age and in need of some updating/refreshing, especially new floors/carpets.
The service is second to none and the main reason we keep coming back.
Very family friendly!

Expensive and well worth it.
From the moment you arrive, you are on a different planet where customer service rules in all aspects of the experience.
Our room was not ready at exactly check in time.
Without missing a beat and without any complaint from us, the desk clerk immediately gave us free valet parking, a round of drinks at the beautiful Onyx bar and two free appetizers.
Our room was ready probably only 15 minutes after the 4 p.m. check in time.
We stayed at Onyx two hours soaking in the views and the perfect Scottsdale weather.
Once we got to our casita, there was a cold Coke and box of popcorn for my 16 year old son.
The manager sent over a personal note and chocolate truffles.
The room is spectacular.
A huge bathroom with two sinks, separate tub and shower and toilet in its own closed door space.
The king bed is beyond comfortable as is the fold out sofa bed for my son.
A brilliant TV was great for watching NBA playoff games (or at least the last two minutes as we spent most of our time gawking at the Sonoran desert hill just behind our private patio wish cushioned seats and table where I enjoyed a cigar in this very private setting).
There is a slatted sliding door in front of the sliding glass door leading to the patio and then a beautiful curtain both of which ensure complete darkness in the morning.
But I liked getting up at dawn and seeing the desert alive with animals going about their business.
I saw a pair of mountain quail, hummingbirds, rabbits, chipmunks and numerous birds while sitting at our patio.
The swimming pool is extremely luxurious with cabanas available at extra cost.
We opted simply for an umbrella which is included.
The pool is well staffed with people who set up your comfortable lounge chairs with towels and pitchers of water.
Complimentary suntan lotion means I don't have to carry anything to the pool.
Food orders are taken for reasonably priced generous portions considering the setting.
There is also a restaurant bar area for shaded seating overlooking the pools.
There is a kiddie pool, a pool for all ages, an adult pool and a huge hot tub.
I was surprised at the number of families with young children and it was fun to watch the dad's play with their kids in the pool.
The adult pool offers a quieter setting with no children allowed.
The restaurants at the resort are phenomenal and I will write about them in a separate review.
All in all, I hate to leave and am going to research Four Seasons' other results.
One day I hope to be so fortunate as to return to Four Seasons Scottsale!

Beautiful place, but we paid $28 for 2 plain bagels and 2 OJ's.
Before tip.

Wow!
This resort gets better every year!
The views are fantastic..........rooms as perfect as can be, and the staff is out of this world.
They will do anything to help you!
I would love to live here (at the resort).
It is the best!

My husband and I just completed our four night stay here.
It was truly the best vacation we have taken in my opinion.
The grounds at the resort are spectacular and the service could not be better.
Everyone who works there is friendly and helpful.
They attended quickly and happily to every request, from brining us a microwave to putting a telescope on our balcony to providing foam pillows.
It's a great location, too.
Not too remote but far enough out to be away from the noise and bustle of the town.
There are plenty of good restaurants around, and the views are phenomenal.
The beds are comfortable.
The pool and service there is outstanding.
The restaurants have great food, albeit a bit overpriced, but you pay for the convenience and exceptional service I guess.
Also, check out the special events they have going on, they seem fun!
Overall, we have no complaints whatsoever.
We look forward to returning.

People here have a passion for customer service and they watch every single little detail.
The resort has incredible desert views.
It is awesome to spend a night or two at this beautiful property,  this os the perfect staycation!
Even our cat received a welcome amenity!

Unique resort 15 minutes away from downtown Scottsdale.
Very quiet and isolated.
The rooms are more like little apartments without a kitchen, comfortable and cozy, but not contemporary and refined.
There is not much to do around here, mostly ideal for relaxing and walking around.
Our room was away from the main hotel in building 25, which was quiet but also made us feel like we had just rented an apartment and not really staying at the four seasons.
Even though we did not have a negative experience(besides the dinning options and quality of food on property was inferior to my expectations), I would not come back here in the near future.
Probably what would have made the hotel better would have been a better pool area designed for adults in mind and great restaurants.

