I had my hair cut and colored by Marci at Salon Mila (within the Gold door spa).
She was amazing.
My hair was totally over processed and way too blond.
She was able to add low lights, highlights and bring the tone and color of my hair back to a much more subtle and natural blonde hair.
I highly recommend her (and I live in NYC and have been to some of the best salons here).
Try her out!

If you color your hair I highly recommend seeing Marci at Salon Mila.
I was in AZ on a business trip and stopped in the Golden Door Spa to have my hair Colored and cut.
Marci did an amazing job.
My hair was over processed and too blond from highlighting for too many years.
In just a short time so was able to add low lights, brighten my highlights and turn my hair back to it's normal natural state...
I LOVE IT.
Every time I stop by thru Phoenix I'll be in to see Marci (not to mention I live in NYC where the best salons usually are).
Don't wait...go see her!

If you need to get pampered in Cave Creek this is definitely the place to do it.
We visited by chance recently during a festival held in the shopping complex.
The facility itself is a design marvel (designed by the owners and custom built - they own the building) .
The owners and really hands on and passionate.
They offer haircuts, manicures, pedicures, facials, massages, and a dozen other spa services.
Treat yourself to Salon Mila!

Extremely overpriced for the services.....I've  had much better colors and cuts at Rolf's at Gainey Village in Scottsdale, which is a MUCH higher end salon with more contemporary, educated stylists, for less $$.
Of course, you're going to pay more because this salon is associated with The Boulders but the quality of the services and the overall condition of the salon are kind of borderline old.

My friend and I came here for her 50th birthday to get our hair and make up done and we couldn't have been more thrilled with the results!
Marlene and Kasey were absolutely brilliant and they worked wonders with our hair.
We told them what we were looking to have any they did it better than we could have even imagined.
Unfortunately, I'm not from Scottsdale but if I was, these girls would be my preferred stylists!
Thank you so much, Kasey and Marlene!

The owner is the only one with any talent and you need to catch her on a good day.
I went to this place a total of 5 times.
I got 1 good haircut from the owner and the next two that she did were nowhere near as good.
I even had to fix an obviously too long piece that did not fit with the rest of my bangs.
I switched to another girl who did a not great job the first time and I went back thinking she just needed to get to know my hair.
HA!
The second time she not only slaughtered the haircut but really did a terrible color.
Number one lesson girls, don't cut a person's hair too short on top if it's fine, especially fine and curly.
I did complain especially about the color and she put a glosser on it that made the "caramel" (read brassy yellow) highlights look less like a peroxide bottle exploded in my direction, for a few shampoos, but eventually it faded back to that horrible color job and seriously dried out my hair.
I haven't been back to this place in a while but I still remember how ugly I felt for months and months after that last horrible cut and color.
I saw that I had never posted this review from a while back so I went ahead and posted it now.
It deserves to be posted when I still feel like crying just reading my old draft of a review.
This place is seriously not worth $200+  The skill of the hairdressers is on par with a JC Penney salon- new hire!

