Fairly close to a New York slice, just ask for a little more well done on the slices, and you've got a hot cheesy, crispy crusted piece of awesome.
Don't get your wings here; head to Pisa Pizza in town for that.
They have big yummy salads too.
I give 4 stars only because I think they should be a little more competative on their pricing, and expand the lunch special a bit.

When I first moved to Fountain Hills over 7 years ago, Redendo's was a fairly new business.
I stopped in and decided to see if Arizona Pizza would be any better than Atlanta Pizza (where I lived for almost 8 years and couldn't find more than a couple of palatable NY style Pizza joints).
I was quickly spoiled by Redendo's.
The pizza was better than anything in Atlanta, and as good if not better than most in the NYC/NJ area I grew up in.
it didn't take long talking to the owner Anthony and his wife Caroline to figure out these were a couple of NY natives that took not only their Pizza seriously, but their Italian cooking as well.
In those 7 plus years, Redendo's has become the place for me to pick up food on the way home from work, when I just don't want to cook.
It is not only the place we take visitors from back east, but it's where those visitors demand to be taken when they return.
Sometimes you just want a slice of great pizza, and I highly recommend you try it, but do NOT make the mistake of ignoring their other fantastic offerings.
The Calzones are not only to die for, but they are massive.
Their hot and cold sandwiches all satisfy.
My personal favorite is the A-Bomb, which would likely be called simply an "italian sub" or "hoagie" in NJ.
Redendo's is not only the best "Pizza" place in Arizona, but best Italian Restaurant in Arizona.
It just happens to be in a "pizza joiint"!

Family run awesome neighborhood New York Italian restaurant.
The food is excellent and the smaller dining area lends to a friendly, neighborly experience.
Pizza, Salads, Pasta, Calzones, Garlic Knots, Pepperoni Pinwheels, Wine and Daily Specials mean there is something for everyone and the whole family.
Easy location at corner of Shea Blvd & Saguaro Blvd.

This is our go-to stop when we are headed out of town up the hill to Payson, or beyond to ShowLow.
Locally owned, which is always important, the food is great.
They serve wine and beer, and it is a solid bet among a stop filled with greasy, gross fast food and chain madness.
It is literally one of the only independants that has stood in the past few years.
All the more reason to visit them.
But beside the fact that they are family owned.
They are delicious.
Thin and crispy pizza, Salads are terrific.
My favorite is made with spinach balsalmic, bacon, mushrooms, blue cheese and red onions and homemade croutons oh wow.
Wine is good, My girlfriend loves their chicken parmesean with a little alfredo sauce on top.
The alfredo is a little thin for my taste, but I usually just go for a slice and that great salad with a glass of chianti.
Next time you are on the edge of Fountain Hills, check this place out.
It was a place we literally just stumbled across one day, because it is practically hidden behind a behemith McDonald's and a Circle K, but what a gem.

We live in FH and I'm from NY so... this is a natural for us.
The crust is right, the sauce is right.
You can do it up for dinner or grab a slice at the counter, just like any good joint back in New York.
My wife and I like to share the enormous Antipasti salad and then we each get a slice or two.
That's alot of food and everything tastes great.
Very consistent.

Wife and I have been customers for as long as this pizzeria has been open.
And we LOVE Redendo's.
My opinion is that this is the best pizza/pasta in FH area, and even beyond.
Their crust is consistently excellent, but what I love most is that they use quality ingredients in their toppings and creating their other cuisine.
(I am ex-foodservice distribution, so I know quality when I see it).
I also like the NYC 1940's ambiance which the owners have re-created here.
You don't see that too often anymore.
It's small in size, but not cramped; and consistently well-staffed.
I highly recommend Redendo's to all who appreciate great NY-style pizza, and a 1940's Americana ambiance if dining in.
They have a N. Scottsdale location as well.

Terrible experience for the second time.
I gave this place the benefit of the doubt after the first mishap.
Called in a to-go order and the lady on the phone told me 20-25 minutes.
To be safe, I show up a half hour later.
They told me the pizza would be out in "a couple of minutes.
" After an additional 40 minutes waiting the pizza was finally done, or so I thought.
When we got it home and bit into the pizza it was dou

we're from Chicago and were thrilled to find this.
very resaonable, excellent service, adorable atmosphere, homemade pasta dishes, excellent.
Pizza, Antipasti Salad and Pasta Primavera were wonderful.
Counter service, but entrees are brought to the table.
I assume bathrooms were behind counter, did not see.
We will be back.

Redendo's is always delicious.
You can always count on getting a high quality meal.
The pizzas are New York style and cooked to perfection using quality ingrediants.
There are a variety of salads which come in two different sizes.
I call them "huge" and "really huge.
" I always get the Greek Empire salad.
The dressing is amazing, and they pack it full of olives, which makes it even more incredible.
The garlic knots are doughy and seasoned.
I love the sauce that you dip them in as well.
Grade A on everything.
My husband loves the Meatball Sandwich and the Pizza of course.
Cute atmosphere, very small.
Old school.
Lots of Rat Pack on the stereo.

I went to Redendo's a week or two ago after seeing a show.
I had gone to Redendo's several times many years ago and always remembered it being really good!
They didn't disappoint this time.
I shared a calzone with the BF and it was extremely large and flavorful.
You get to choose 4 toppings for the calzone and it was still under 10$.
If I were in Fountain Hills I would go back, but I probably wouldn't make a special trip to eat here.

Some of the worst service I've received in awhile.
I was passing through town to go mountain biking at McDowell Mtn.
Park and wanted to grab a slice of pizza.
The place wasn't busy because it was around 1:30 pm but the service was very slow and inept.
It took about 15 minutes for the girl to slice off a slice of already baked pizza, stick it back in the oven, and then put it in a medium size to-go box even though I asked to eat it in at the restaurant.
Also, the place was very dingy and dirty.
The window coverings had dust on them like they hadn't been cleaned in months.
Skip it.

Yoose wants some good NY pizza?!
All's you got is three choices, good pizza, better pizza,  and best pizza!
Now get outta here!

This is my second favorite pizza place I have ever had.
I went here for lunch and said what the he** lets try it it had good reviews on YELP.
I got the 2 slice lunch combo.
The pizza is thinner and crispy.
Not soggy thin crust.
Good cheese and toppings.
The server was great and the place is really nice inside.
Kinda small but great decor.

This is my favorite italian restaurant in the Valley!
Tucked away in charming Fountain Hills, this restaurant has a decent view of Red Mountain.
Although it sits inside a strip mall when you first walk in you feel like you've taken a time machine to 1950s Chicago with the brick walls and Frank Sinatra music.
It's a great place for lunch and with it's dim lights and cozy booths it would be perfect for a first date.
The food is superb.
A few of my favorites include the stuffed pizza (the sauce is the perfect amount of sweet and salty) and the Penne ala Vodka.

Best pizza in town sometimes... Run out of pizza topping ingredients often, pricey, tell you 15 minutes and it's ready for pick up- EVERY time it's never ready.
End up waiting in the store another 15 minutes- just annoying.
They have discontinued our fave pizza just recently, up until then they didn't have the ingredients and cheaper substitutes were made- never discounted....
Please, the cost is quite different between prosciutto and Canadian bacon .
Looking for somewhere else unfortunately, quality has seriously gone down.

Great pizza - the flavors and crust were really good!
My only disappointment with my order was the greek salad.
It had 3 or 4 different types of olives on it and while I love olives, there was so much that it was overpowering.
Was hoping for more of a traditional greek salad.
Overall good good!

I gave this place one star because you cannot pick zero.
I ordered a sausage pizza and it tasted like cardboard.
I know there are so many reviews that "claim" this place makes great pizza but I honestly believe that the people who make these claims either work there or have zero taste buds.
It was so bad that I wanted to bring the pizza back and get a refund!
The sauce had no taste, there was barely any sausage, and the crust was plentiful hence the cardboard taste.
If a basic sausage pizza was tasteless think about how disappointing their specialty pizza must be.

Pizza is not cardboard like at all...
But I really wouldn't know cause I've never eaten cardboard before.
Read reviews of this place and it was really up and down, so I needed to see for myself.
First thing, awesome prices!
It's very reasonable, $2.75 by the slice for pepperoni.
I brought a drink, so my lunch was cheap, even if I wanted 2 slices, it would have only been about 6 bucks.
They have appetizers, pastas, entrees, hot and cold subs, calzones, deserts, and of course pizza!
All low priced for this area.
I normally spend 10-15 bucks on lunch.
But not here!
The cute girl at the front said everything is good here and there is really not a specific popular item, so i ordered my pizza and it was on the table really hot and and ready to eat.
This was my first experience, and I will definitely come back and try the other various menu items.
I'm very satisfied with the service, food, and prices.
I don't really think you can beat this place in the area it's in and at lunch time.

Yuck, just yuck.
When I walked in and the first thing I smelled was a dirty mophead I should have turned around and walked out.
The mop was on the floor next to the register and the horrible smell of that dirty mophead by the register was VERY strong.
(I've worked in food places and know that smell and it means someone isn't really keeping things clean.
)  The floor in view behind the register was dirty looking and the looked like it needs a good scrubbing.
I picked up an order to go and couldn't even eat half of the order, and my wife had the same issues with her's.
The chicken dish was very tough and chewy and the pasta was very dry.
The eggplant was greasy and dry.
The cannoli we spilt wasn't bad but it wasn't enough to make up for the meal.

Very disappointing.
When ordered, I asked for the $20 pizza to not be overcooked or crispy on bottom, but the pizza was beyond crispy, more like crunchy.
When I asked for my money back, the cashier and cook looked at me like I was speaking a foreign language and stared at me with shark eyes.
Because it was crunchy, beyond even crispy, I'm assuming they did this just to spite my request or they are simply  unable to cook with skill.
If you don't mind rolling your pizza out the door, because you actually can, then this is the place for you.
By the way, there was no apology or explanation as to what happened.
Bad pizza.
Bad customer service.
Go elsewhere.

I love this place if I'm looking for quality food at a decent price and quick.
You walk in and order at a counter and they bring you your food.
If this was a full-service restaurant, the food would be outstanding still.
Quality food, reasonable prices, good service,

Our favorite place for pizza, pasta and salad!
They say you can judge a good Italian restaurant by its sauce and it's house dressing.
If that's true, then this place rocks!
My favorite is the cheese pizza, antipasto salad and the sausage appetizer.
Their spaghetti with meat sauce is also out of this world...enough for two people.
I can't believe I am lucky enough to have this wonderful place in my own backyard!
I just wish they would bring their Cobb Salad back, it was sooooo good!

Too inconsistent for me.
Crust tends to be overcooked so if like that, this is the place.
Ingredients are fine, especially the sausage.
NYC atmosphere is interesting and seating area small but adequate.

Yuck....had pizza delivered and was hard like cardboard, cold and very very salty.
This place is hit and miss and nothing is consistent...Go somewhere else for pizza..
This pizza is yucky....

