A few years back I was overtaken by lower back pain that wasn't going away and continued to get worse.
I opened up the phone book and found Pam.
I think my misery came through on the phone, I got in that same day.
When I arrived I could barely get on the table but was immediately soothed by the hot compresses Mary Beth placed on my back which helped to relax me.
Pam listened to me, assessed my issues, felt my spine then told me all about it, things other chiros in years past needed x-rays to read.
She prescribed an estimated 5-6 visits to fix me (my insurance covered about 20).
She gave me my first treatment and I walked out of her office 75% better.
After 5 treatments in 3 weeks time I was 100%.
Years later I suffered from Frozen Shoulder syndrome.
I don't recommend it.
Pam sent me over to her husband Dr. Ed.
He attacked my shoulder with a vengeance and managed to help me gain 50% more motion after 2 treatments.
I then figured out - if you have a chronic condition, see Ed.
If you have back issues and need adjustment, go see Pam.
They are the whole package.
They treat and instruct and give great practical advice as to how to help yourself get better.
I highly recommend them both!

My personal experience with chiropractors left me believing that their services were all about long term maintenance which included long contracts and unending visits.
The chiropractors I saw in the past led me to believe that the only way the pain would stay away was if I kept coming back, creating the expectation of weekly visits and the belief that the pain would never really go away.
When I heard Dr. Ed Traum suggest that I would only need between 3-5 office visits to address my pain caused by a 7 year old sport injury, I was very skeptical to say the least, but trusting him I thought I would give it a shot.
Dr. Traums approach is not like any other chiropractor I have experienced which has been a 5 minute crack of the back and then being sent on my way.
Instead he addressed different areas on my body that were both far and near the pain, places that were tied into the "cause" of my problem.
He listened to my concerns and explained what was going on with my body and what that old injury was doing to it.
I am very grateful that Dr. Traum's motivation was to heal me rather than get me on a payment plan.
As a result of me going my coworker is currently seeing Dr. Traum for a back injury.
My coworker is having the same great results as I had and we laugh at the fact that he manipulates areas far away from the pain but the pain goes and stays away.
I highly recommend Dr. Traum and I tell anyone I know who has lived with pain or is going through pain that a permanent approach to healing is available.

I was not impressed with my experience there.
After being told my neck pain was caused by an inflammed gall bladder and an MRI I am happy to report the gall bladder is fine and the neck pain is not caused by the gall bladder..
I know dumb for listening...
I am not sure why they told me that.
I will not recommend this place.
Sorry

