Always enjoy the Teriyaki chicken bowl with brown rice and no veggies.
So much so that it is all I ever order there.
However, my girl has tried every other dish there and been very please with 99% of them.
They have good tasting water, nice napkins and tasty fortune cookies.
Good service most of the time and very reasonable prices.
My only complain would be that on their website they showed the Teriyaki bowl to be only 500 calories but they actually split the bowl up into 2 servings which makes it 1000 calories so you must read the fine print before calculating your caloric intake.
I can't wait to go back and get another t-bowl!

Would have been 4 stars, but they recently raised their prices on the entrees.
It's caused me to just get noodle dishes or avoid the place all together.
Too bad...

We order takeout from PW quite frequently when we're in the mood for Americanized Chinese.
It's right across the street and a quick stop on my husband's way home from work.
I love their order on line feature that allows you to customize any dish in so many different ways -- add more protein, add more veggies, less spicy.
PW has it down pat, at least at this location.
And if they are not sure about something, they call first before making your order, so virtually, every order comes just as you specified.
And its always on time, too!
A big plus!
I give PW high marks in their value.
The portions are hefty.
Sometimes I feel like I need weights to lift some of their heavier noodle items!
Seriously, they are jam-packed in those nice plastic containers (not the cheap paper or Styrofoam types that leak)!
We often have leftovers that we can use as a side dish for the next day's meal!
One of the things we have noticed recently is that their dishes are tasting saltier.
I don't know if this is something new, or just a change in our taste buds.
Or maybe it is just this particular location?
I thought everything was pretty formulaic for all the locations so that there would be no variance.
Loves: Vegetarian Spring Rolls (but you have to eat them right away as they go from crispy to mushy in about 10 minutes), Hot & Sour Soup, Dan Dan Noodles with chicken (original) or Shrimp and Extra Veggies ($2 more), which comes with plenty of shrimp (tails off!).
The original spice is not overpowering and doesn't make my nose run as some "spicy" dishes.
Since moving to way-North Scottsdale we haven't found a favorite neighborhood Chinese restaurant that we call home, so for now PW is our go-to when the hankering for Chinese-style tempts our taste buds.
I've searched most of the review sites and still haven't been able to find "the one" who will satisfy our New York style Chinese cravings that's within a few miles.
Any suggestions are welcome -- remember way-North Scottsdale!

One of my favorite places to eat  and in a good location.
Although a few times  we've had to wait for a long time until all the plates are on our table.
Bad timing, you don't want to start eating when someone in front of you is still waiting for his plate.
And they might give you too little sauce  on your teriyaki bowl.
Ask for extra.
I like the beers they carry.

Nice lunch place when you want quick gourmet food.
I like the Kung Pao Beef - flavorful, somewhat spicy, and a good quantity.
A good place to stop when out doing errands !

After the Pei Wei identity theft closures and subsequent reopening, this Pei Wei has gotten even worse!
My Japanese Teriyaki with shrimp tasted off as did the vegetable spring rolls.
The shrimp in the Teriyaki bowl was the smallest I have ever seen them use, and the vegetables in the spring rolls were hard and tasteless.
This is the second time this has happened.
The first time I thought it was an anomaly; this time I am wondering if Pei Wei changed their "formula"???
Don't waste your time or taste buds!

Maybe time heals all wounds .
decided to give takeout from Pei Wei another shot since they had some new menu items, including small plates.
I have to say that their new Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls are simply delicious!
Totally refreshing and a nice portion to eat alone as an entree for lunch or dinner or split it as an appetizer (3 rolls).
It comes with two sauces, peanut and sweet chile.
For peanut fans, you'll love it, rich and creamy.
I love the little kick from the sweet chile.
Hubby really enjoyed the new caramel signature dish with chicken.
I'm not yet willing to give Pei Wei four stars all the way around, but I'd give the Vietnamese Chicken Salad Rolls a total five by itself!!

I love this Pei Wei, Tim the manager makes it a fun place to be.
The Thai dynamite is always good.
I love the black tea.
Mix it up and order the brown fried rice.....

Food is inconsistent at this location.

It's easy to forget this location is here.
Tucked away between the Safeway and the corresponding gas station is this run-of-the-mill Pei Wei establishment.
I usually order Pei Wei Spicy or Mandarin Kung Pao chicken.
Though, Kung Pao beef is surprisingly tasty.
Then, I load it up with their chili sauce and spicy mustard.
I like to add extra veggies too because they tend to skimp on that.
Stay away from the Curry because it's bland and runny to me.
Tips: Asking for brown rice and steamed chicken make Pei Wei a fairly healthy and tasty alternative.
Though not the cheapest or most authentic, I'm been a fan of Pei Wei's attempts to stay true to their Asian roots (Pei Wei's Market online) and provide good value with every meal.
And, I like the cool touch-screen soda dispensers.
Looking forward to the new Siracha Chicken (arrives Oct 8)!

Sometimes service is slow.

Super yummy and cheap food!
Employees are always nice and fast at what they do.
I've never eaten inside this exact location but i'm sure it's as good as eating out.
I do take out usually with my family and they always give the food right away when you walk in even if you are a little early.
You don't have to wait usually more than 15 minutes for your take out order to be done which makes this place awesome!

The food is what you expect from Pei Wei but the service is horrid.
We waited an hour to get our food and our meals weren't even served at the same time.

Always consistent and fresh!
We have never had a bad meal here and we've been coming here for years!
New fresh menu items awesome!
Our fab is hot and sour soup and Vietnamese Rolls!

I have to say that today Pei Wei has perfected the Chicken Broccoli and Sesame Chicken today.
Great flavor!
Also special props to the Expo who ran the food.
Hes keeping the place clean and tidy

