Have you ever purchased something and immediately felt cheated, overcharged, and taken advantage of?
If not, you've clearly never bought a wash from the Broadway Quality Car Wash.
There are so many things wrong with this place it is difficult to be succint about them.
Aside from their obvious misnomer (no one at this place is even REMOTELY interested in "quality") the place is slow, dishonest, and dirty.
Did I mention that it's slow?
Despite their assertion that it would only take 20 minutes, I waited over an HOUR for my car.
There were only a handful of cars in front of mine, but somehow, the place was packed with people waiting and waiting (and waiting), just like I was.
Needless to say, I was not the only one outraged.
But the wait isn't even the WORST part -- when I FINALLY got back into my car, the interior was STILL DUSTY, as though it had never been washed!
The only people who should patronize this place are people interested in paying to have their time wasted and their sense of quality insulted.

I haven't washed my car in about 8 months, but my mom is coming into town this week so I figured it was about time.
I've never paid someone to wash it because normally I think that's sort of a rip off but I decided to try it today to save time.
The people are sort of awkward - the guy I left my key with was nice, but the cashier wasn't especially chatty.
I don't really blame her since it was a lot nicer outside than inside where she had to sit in a muggy, dimly lit room with nothing to do.
So anyway.
I just did the basic wash, which is about 12 dolla.
It's been a very long time since my car has looked this nice.
I was only there for about 15 minutes or less.
Maybe I went during a better time of day than Corie R., but my experience was really good.

Usually when you go to a car wash the attendants do a half assed job and leave your car covered in streaks and water spots.
Since Broadway Quality Car Wash was purchased by the great family who owns Beverly Hills Hand Car Wash my experience has been one of quality.
I highly recommend either of their locations if you are in need of a wash. Plus you'd be supporting a local family and business rather than a giant chain.

Count me in the ranks of those that are too lazy to wash their vehicles.
In my defense I do live in an apartment and lack a garden hose so the self wash would be difficult and, as everyone that lives here knows, one cannot always rely on mother nature to grace us with a free car wash.
So, I've been coming here.
I've been getting the $13 option that includes the exterior and interior cleaning.
My car is always left with a few smudges inside and out but free of the massive mineral deposits that are left when I get the chance to wash the car myself.
If you're a stickler this isn't the place for you but if you desire the quick luxury of a hand wash that's an upgrade from the gas station auto washes then this is the place for you.
They always make a push for a wax but I always decline and they back off and don't pester me.
I'm not a fan of up sell attempts but, at least, they respect my wishes when I decline and leave me be.

$13.00 for wash, vacuum, air freshener, interior & exterior windows and surfaces.
Not a bad deal.
They are quick and professional.
They weren't spectacularly thorough, but for the price they were just what I needed.

I've been coming here for about 6 months, and they've always done a pretty good job on my car.
If its a slow day, they will spend quite a bit of time cleaning every nook and cranny of your car.
This is the only reason I gave the place as many stars as I did.
The woman behind the counter (I believe she owns the place) is not friendly or helpful.
The waiting area looks like it doubles as a storage unit for junk someone didn't want to be thrown away, and the place could use a remodel and good cleaning.
Lately, they've hired some really pushy sales people who pester you to get every service possible.
After you pay, they will continue to try and sell you services - its pretty irritating.

Slow service and way over priced.
They didn't even use air freshener either.
I will not be returning.
It's unfortunate because the location is very convenient.

I've gone to Broadway Quality Car Wash a few times, the first two times I went they did a decent job.
The car came out clean and they did an okay job vacuuming (there were still a couple pieces of dirt/lint here and there, but no big deal).
However the last time I went they put a huge gash in my wheel, and when I spoke the the manager, he was entirely unhelpful in helping resolve the issue.
Bottom line if you care about you car you should avoid Broadway Quality Car Wash or at least check your wheels and rest of your car for damage right after they wash it and not wait until you get home.
I typically take my car to Los Olivios in Phoenix (Mcdowell and 3rd St), they do a great job, if you are in the area definitely try them!
Also, while I was waiting for my car to be done with the wash, one of their customers came back because the car wash forgot to put the floor mats back into her car.

Ask for Mark to see discounts on wash packages.

I've been coming here for over 20 years only because the location in convenient.
The service has never been worse, very slow.
Upon arriving, you are subjected to high pressure sales techniques to upgrade service.
Then the cashier(I think the owner) never cracks a smile or says thank-you.
The other owner (maybe the husband of the cashier) treats the employees like slaves.
The employees that actually do the washing are hardworking people, so I always tip heavily.
Otherwise I will probably continue to come here because it is convenient and I haven't found other good car wash options in Tempe.

There is only one pro about this place; which is that it is decently priced.
However there are negatives that out way the positives.
For one, when handing your car to the service men where they take your car to clean; they do clean your car, however there are still smudges and dirt on your car.
Secondly, they mess with the inside of your car, such as changing the seats, and the emergency break; which is very annoying because you want the car the way you are driving  as you are leaving;  but than when you leave the place everything inside the car is messed up of the way you left it.
For me, that is a big deal when they treat your car like they own your car and they can do what they want.

