Really cute little bagel and coffee spot.
Super props for their pumpernickle bagels.
OH YEA!
Bagels were actually pretty darn good too.
I did a chai - and they asked me what kind.
Good sign.
And oh yes, Soy was an option.
A free option.
But as I was checking out - I saw their home made cookies.
Freaking freaking amazing cookies.
I held back.
I won't next time.

I thought this bagel shop was ok.
The bagel sandwich I got was relatively lackluster.
I think I will stick to Einsteins for the time being.

Best bagels I've had here in the entire Valley.
Always really fresh bagels and offer breakfast and lunch dishes at good prices.

Back East is, well, not back East quality as I know it.
I really do detest New York (except for the Metropolitan Museum of Art), but I have to say that the best bagel I have ever had was there.
Back East is at least better than the limp sticky things from Einstein's, IMHO.
I worked very near here for many years, and I would have to say that their lunch fare was better than breakfast.
Their eggs are microwaved in a disposable plastic container, and I always pictured tiny little carcinogens gleefully nestling into my morning protein.
I swear that the majority of the time, the early morning staff was in serious need of a caffeine jolt.
Mmmmm, how I loved having some slitty eyed college girl yawn in my face and not cover her mouth.
Wake up, bitch, and get my order right, for once!
Lunch was far better with a wide variety of quality bagel sandwiches, so satisfying and filling I would never be tempted by the snacks in the breakroom for the rest of the afternoon.
The BLT was super yum, with cream cheese, sprouts, and cucumbers as well as the B, the L, and the T.  Drinks are are a little pricey, and I always found the coffee to be just alright.
The best cup in the immediate area is Gold Bar, but in the direction I came, it was a bigger pain to get to most mornings.
You have worse options in the AM on the corner of Southern and McClintock than Back East Bagels.

They have chocolate chip bagels and that's all you really need to know.
I went there for the first time on Monday and it was pretty cute.
They have a large menu and the people there seemed really nice.

Finally stopped in here while out running a few errands myself.
Place is small, but seems to have a great selection of bagels, lunch items and some drinks like coffees and such.
I came in here for a bagel and cream cheese, and it was tasty.
Not the fanciest place in the world, but far better then Einstiens.

It's difficult to find good bagels in Scottsdale, so my roommate and I ventured to Tempe to satiate our cravings.
We both got the open-faced bagel, cream cheese and lox.
It was excellent and fresh.
The bagel was chewy without being too bread-like.
The lox was fresh and high quality.
I will definitely be back.

Great local bagel place.
Very friendly staff and owner.

Popped in a for a bagel breakfast sandwich-- had it on the "everything" bagel aka the BEST bagel type ever.
It was good, filling.
Back East Bagels is a simple little coffee/breakfast/lunch spot.
Nothing over the top, there is no need for it.
Looks like they have a variety of sandwiches etc.
They had this little "treat" on the counter that was 2 homemade sugar cookies with homemade cream cheese between the two cookies.
It sounded sooo good.
I didn't buy on but I wanted to, just to have a taste of it.
I behaved.
I'm not in this part of town very often, maybe once or twice a year.
But I am glad I stopped in for my bagel sandwich this morning!

This place has the best bagels I have ever had!
I don't know what it is, but they are just perfect, way better than Einstein IMO.
I even put a bunch in the freezer and they were still delicious when toasted.
I will definitely go back to this place!

Great New York style bagel!
Better than Chompies and far better than Einsteins wonderbread.
I ordered the everything with cream cheese.
I'll give 5 stars if you add salt to the everything bagel mix.

Oy Vey!
this place has the best bagel sandwiches, i mean..thats what they do, that is their modus operandi: perfecting the art of the bagel sandwich.
The first time i came here i had this amazing spicy jalapeno concoction on a crispy bagel lathered w/ smoked turkey and sprouts i think, cream cheese was def.
involved.
then i came back and it was nowhere on the menu!
i was so disappointed, bring whatever that delicious sandwich was back and another star is in order.
Simply a great choice for breakfast and coffee.

Why is it so hard to find a good bagel and lox these days?
I really wanted a good small non-chain bagel place to go to (read: not Einstein's) to go to with some good bagels and quality lox to have.
I had high hopes for this place that would take me back to when I would get bagels with my grandpa back in Boston but this place failed.
I have tried twice now hoping that maybe it was just the bagel i got or the day I went but same result over priced for mediocre quality.
The bagels didn't have much flavor and were over toasted, the lox was bland and way to slimy and seemed like it was the cheap stuff from Costco (not even there good stuff).
The only good thing was that the creamy cheese was well flavored and the tomatoes seemed fresh.
For a near $10 price tag though I was very underwhelmed and actually preferred the bagels and lox at Einstien's.
I guess I will keep trying in my search.

Stopped by this morning for a turkey and swiss on a sunflower bagel.
I was terribly disappointed on the bagel being hard as a rock.
Threw out the sandwhich.
Don't think I will be back anytime in the near future

Went here this morning with the BF on account of him being off of work for President's day and me not having school til this afternoon.
We wanted a bagel for breakfast because we already went out to breakfast at real restaurants twice this weekend (Liberty Market and Centurion... both amazing).
We were going to just go to Einsteins, but then I found this place on yelp where a lot of reviewers said these were much better than Einsteins.
So I ordered the cheese and egg bagel sandwich on an everything bagel and the BF ordered a blueberry bagel with cream cheese and we both got coffee.
The coffee was nothing special, DD has way better.
Our food came out and looked kind of weird.
The egg on the bagel was really yellow and fluffy, probably egg beaters.
This sandwich had absolutely no taste.
Now, an everything bagel should have flavor... cheddar cheese should have flavor.
No flavor.
The cheese was waxy and tasteless.
The bagel was not chewy, it tasted like a slice of white bread...
I don't even know how that is possible.
No idea.
The BF's bagel was not great, but he thought it was ok.
I just cannot forgive a bagel that tastes like nothing... even after adding salt and pepper...
I just couldn't save the food.
I will never go back again and really I think this place is an insult to the east coast.

A great mom and pop type shop.
Fresh bagels, friendly service, fun café type of atmosphere.
Their dining area consists of large dining tables, all different types.
My favorite bagel is the multi-grain.
It has this amazing sweet and healthy oat flavor and it's very dense and filling.
I get mine not toasted with their veggie cream cheese.
I'm usually a little scared to eat veggie cream cheese just because you never know what's in it.
This one is scrumptious, super creamy, fresh and refreshing, and has a bit of a crunch.
There are carrots and probably a little celery (not a lot though, I don't like celery and I can't even taste it in here), and I'm not sure what else.
Very good; I really like it here and I like supporting a small local business.

Try the lunch bagels!
The Northern exposure and Tempe turkey are excellent.
The chicken salad is really good too.
They aren't real expensive and the service is pretty good.
They also have outdoor seating.
They are new and as far as I can tell not a chain.
I recommend you try them.
Oh a dozen bagels are half priced after 2pm.

Amazing choices.
Friendly staff.

They have the best bagels in this area!!!
I used to live super close and now live in Phoenix but I still make the drive because the bagels are that good!
So much better than any chain bagel place!

i am revising my review of back east and embarrassed to be duchess of this place.
i first loved this place because of their vanilla half and half.
that was until one day, when coming near closing time, i realized it was fat free vanilla coffeemate!
their service continues to go downhill- how many times to i need to get attitude from someone before i decide that einstein's is actually better?
last time we went, they were out of ice and soda, yet my friend was sold a cold cup with no argument.
we have changed our weekly bagel brekkie to bagel nosh- i'd rather drive to awahtukee and have someone be happy i'm dining at their restaurant and have decent sandwiches-other than the veggie sandwich, back east fails miserably,imo.
i hope someone that works here and/or management reads this and realizes that they pretty much just lost 3 of their best customers..

Another experience so upsetting it warranted a 2 star review.
I went in ordered my choc chip bagel with plain cream cheese and sat down hoping to enjoy my Saturday morning.
Took a few bites of my  choc chip bagel and realized something was missing, CHOCOLATE CHIPS!!!!!!!
After tearing the bagel into sections, (in order to see if i had gone insane) I brought my order back to the young guy at the counter and explained the error on their behalf.
This is were it became truly infuriating, he looked at the sections of chocolate chip-less bagel and tried to LIE TO MY FACE about how the chips get mixed in with the batter and somehow dissipate into invisible  bagel oblivion.
Insulting the intelligence of your customers is a cardinal sin in my book.
If he had just owned up to it and been a man about his mistake, this review would have been drastically different.
I am willing to try this place again and retract my low score, but it better be damn good bagel or i'm going back to Einstein's.

It was quite a thrill to discover an independent bagel shop in my neighborhood.
After having more than a few disappointing occasions at Einstein Brothers, I thought I would be banished to the land of grocery store bagels.
Luckily, I found back east bagels.
The bagels are FAR better than anything you will find in a grocery store or at Einsteins and their menu is very diverse making it a great place for breakfast or lunch.

Best bagels in the area, by far.
I have only been to their location once but my hubby brings them home on a regular basis since they are close to where he works.
All the flavors are fantastic and you can tell that they put a lot of care into making them because each one looks and tastes unique.
The one time I did go into the restaurant, I had a bagel sandwich that was one of the tastiest that I have ever eaten and also a pretty good cappuccino to go with it.
The place had a cool, relaxed vibe to it.
The kind of place where you would want to stay a while and relax and read the newspaper or hang out drinking coffee and talking with friends.
And there were lots of hipster college kids on the morning we were there that were doing just that.
The only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is their cream cheese.
I don't know what is going on with those but I have tried almost all of them and didn't like the flavor.
The couple that I do like (veggie and honey) started to separate (like with a layer of liquid on top) within a couple of days of being in the fridge.
So, now he just gets the plain whipped or else I buy a pack of good old Philly at the store.

A very laid back locally-owned bagel shop at McClintock & Southern in Tempe.
I really like their bagel breakfast sandwiches.
I'm not much of a bagel aficionado in general, but people tell me these are as good as it gets.
This would be pretty much the opposite of visiting an Einstein Bros.

The bagels are really amazing and so is the service.
Obviously, when it's busy its going to be a while but overall, its a really good place for breakfast and a lot better than the other places in the neighborhood

There is nothing better than a fresh bagel on a Sunday morning from Back East.
Truly the best.
The quality far exceeds Einsteins, Breuggers or anything you pick up at the grocery store.
They are on par with Chompies, but I still favor Back East... mostly because they also have great bagel sandwiches and their staff is friendly and quick.
Just an overall great local business.

Very good bagels with a hint of back east charm (small and a bit worn down).
Love the Sunflower bagels, not sure what makes it so tasty but Yum!

SALT BAGEL!
SALT BAGEL!
SALT BAGEL!
+ LOX!!!
Pick me up a bagel and some OJ from this place and I tell you what- it's gonna be a goooooooood day :)

Freshly made bagels with different sandwich options for breakfast and lunch.
They have a decent selection, and generally the sandwiches are made pretty quickly for you.
Not really the best bagel I've ever had, but it's in no way the worst, and it's in a very convenient location close to Sunflower Market if you want a quick bite for breakfast before shopping for groceries.

Back East Bagels is the place to go for bagels in Phoenix.
Being from New York, I can confidently say that Back East Bagels knows what they're doing.
Other bagel stores don't hold a candle to their selection!!
On top of that, everyone from the owner to the delivery runners are professional, courteous, and genuinely concerned about their customers' satisfaction.
If you are in Phoenix, you should be at Back East Bagels for breakfast and lunch!

Still love their bagels and apparently I am not the only one since they won Phoenix New Times for Best Bagel (2011).

Not exactly close to ASU, but definitely has a college vibe to it.
You can pick up brochures to join the local chapter of Amnesty International, New Times, and see an age range from parents with kids, to groups of older men meeting for coffee and breakfast, to college kids with their books.
I also appreciate establishments that don't play canned Clear Channel or satellite radio and allow the staff to choose the music.
When I was there Sunday they were playing "The Queen Is Dead" from The Smiths.
You certainly wouldn't hear that at Einstein's.
My favorite breakfast bagel sandwich is the "August 22, 1988" for $4.99 (Chili Tapin Sauce, Egg, Sausage, & Pepper Jack Cheese).
It's named after the day the Phoenix Cardinals made their debut.
(I had assumed that was the hottest recorded day in Phoenix, but was incorrect).
The Chili sauce definitely gives it a swift kick to your tongue.
A great breakfast bagel sandwich for that enjoy it on the spicy side.
They have your basic fare as well, and lunch sandwiches and salads.
I want to also agree with Alexandra K. and cheer for the salt bagel.
It seems to be disappearing from most bagel shops so I'm thankful they have kept theirs.

I really love the bagels at this place.
I'm from the east coast and it's nice to find a bagel shop that reminds me of home.
The only problem I have is that they are always out of coffee!
The hazelnut coffee is delicious, but whenever I go to serve myself, it's always out.

Their seasonal pumpkin creme cheese is pretty good, and I just found out they have discount bagels half price for a dozen from 2-3 PM.
After trying a few more sandwiches and drinks with no complaint I'll upgrade a star!
P.S.
Their mocha coconut frappe is delicious!

Relatively unknown, but everything there is amazing.
Everyone that works there is so friendly too.
Try the cinnamon and sugar bagel.
Awesome

We've been looking for bagels that taste like home ever since we moved to California from Boston 7 years ago.
It took moving to Tempe to find them, however, and I'm never getting a chain bagel again.

I have eaten here twice and highly recommend it if you're a fan of savory bagels.
The first time I went here I had an everything bagel with cream cheese and a coffee.
Both were very good.
They have quite a few coffee options: 6 coffees and various creamers/milks, including vanilla half and half, which I used.
I got my friend an egg and cheese on a bagel and everything seemed to be made fresh.
I would not rate them 4 stars for the blueberry bagel I tried the next visit (though the strawberry cream cheese was very good).
The coffee was, once again, very good.
They also do free refills on the coffee, which is pretty fantastic.
This time, I ate there and noticed they have some really interesting cream cheese flavors that I look forward to trying on future visits.
The service was really nice both times.
The people working here were enjoyable and the food was ready quickly.

Had my first and last visit.
Got the breakfast bagel with sausage which was ok.
Nothing spectacular.
Everything bagel got an ok as well from my other half.
What ruined the experience for me was the customer service.
The first person you're in contact with sets the precedence for the entire business.
The brunette at the register was cold, unfriendly, had absolutely no personality and gave off the vibe that she hated her job.
I thought it was just me but I watched her with the other customers and not once did she even try to crack a smile or be friendly.
New flash: Just because you've memorized a customers' order doesn't mean you have customer service skills.
If you hate your job so much then quit because it's people like you who make customers like us go elsewhere.
I saw the manager come out so I mentioned to him that the girl at the register needs some personality and that she is rude when you first walk in.
I don't know if I caught him off guard or what but the response I got was "oh okay".
Really?
Instead of saying I'm sorry about that.
I'd rather go to Einsteins.

I stop here about once a week on the way in to work in the morning- the breakfast bagels are very good (especially with the green chile cheddar bagel) but the espresso drinks could use  improvement.

Love the place just wish they had wifi.

Have the owners from here ever even had a bagel from back east?
Certainly doesn't taste like it, and they charge double what they do back east too.
No thanks.
The search for a good bagel continues, for now I'll just keep having them shipped straight from NJ.

Why is it so difficult to find an egg and cheese sandwich on a hard roll in Tempe/Phoenix?
Esp one that is good and under $5.
Skip this one.
You'd be better off going to McDonalds.
Order: Bacon, egg and cheese w/ lettuce, tomato, mayo on a poppy seed bagel.
Pros: Name.
Cons: Microwaved eggs, microwaved bacon.
They either microwaved the lettuce too, or by putting it between the cheese and the bacon, it got cooked.
Yuck - hot lettuce!
No mayo in the kitchen.
Only packets on the counter.
Oh, and the bagels.... well if you lived anywhere near NYC, these aren't good bagels.

These bagels are an absolute joke.
Not sure what part of the east Coast this shop is from, but it's not NY.
Walking in, most of the bins were pretty empty at 10am, but these are fool's bagels.
They are the size of a bottlecap and the hole in the middle is triple the size of any real NY bagel.
Must be students buying these imposters because one look at these bagels was all I needed as I quickly escaped this "bagel" shop and headed for the hills.
Embarrasing to have east coast on the marquee - I'm glad it doesn't say NY bagels at least.

Super friendly staff, great ambiance, wide selection and tasty food.
My favorite neighborhood bagel and coffee place!

OH WOW!
I had lunch there again today (recent discovery).
The Turkey Tempe + Avacado is litterally to die for.
I love their bagels, music selections, staff, location and bagels (did i say that?
YUMM)..
I need to try the bagel bags for an office meeting i have a feeling they would be a hit.
I cant say enough nice things, its never packed, plenty of seating and selections.
Only downside that I can find is they close at 2, so if your limited to a late lunch you may miss the awesomness :-) eat early...

Love Back East Bagels!
I came here for the first time today with my boyfriend.
We are always looking for some  east coast food (originally from New York) and decided to try it out.
The atmosphere is very friendly and inviting.
The place was filled today with regulars and after eating here today we are going to be regulars too!
I had a breakfast bagel with bacon, egg and cheese on a jalapeño bagel.
Delicious!
He had a sesame bagel with strawberry cream cheese.
The cream cheese was very sweet and way better than anything store bought.
We came early and watched the sun rise on the patio which was very relaxing.
This is a great place and I highly recommend anyone who loves the east coast and bagels to come here!

Pretty good bagels for Arizona.
Definitely remind me of New York bagels.

Great place to stop for an early morning bagel.

I come here basically once a week, right before I go grocery shopping next door.
The bagels are delicious.
Clearly home made, baked fresh, and a lot of variety.
Most of the bagels are vegan, and I'll get them with either peanut butter or hummus, or the one sandwich without cream cheese and just extra hummus as a substitute.
The staff is very nice, coffee is good, restaurant is clean.
I've not one complaint

I have never been let down by Back East Bagels.
I feel completely comfortable just sitting and enjoying my food without being bustled out.
Food is perfection and decently priced compared to other bagel/breakfast joints.
I've heard some people complain that they do not offer wifi.
I enjoy this but I know others want to be plugged in.
Also, coffee options are amazing.
6 different roasts and flavors and a variety of creamers.
You know..if you're into that.

I admit that, being from NY, I hold a pretty high standard for bagels, and doubly so when a business makes reference to being from, or similar to New York style.
On my way to the office this morning, I decided to give them a shot.
I got three bagels, and once for my co-worker.
He didn't like his, but he's really negative, so I didn't pay him any mind, and I opened the bag for my two egg bagels.
Nothing fancy, just some shmear.
I noted that together, they were pretty much the size of a single one from anyone else, but I ignored that, too.
The first thing that I noticed when it was unwrapped was that it was awfully brown and doughy.
I understand that a toasted bagel would get tougher, but it was chewy and tough.
Really unappetizing at seven in the morning.
I took it for a horrible fluke, and I binned it.
I couldn't eat it without my jaw popping.
I took the other one, and I didn't even finish the first bite.
It was practically inedible.
I don't remember how much I paid, but it was entirely too much.
I'm never going back.
Yuck.

Tried to go but stood at the counter and waited for someone to take my order.
After waiting a couple if minutes, and no service, I ended up leaving and went across the street.

Other than being fairly expensive ($5-$7) for a customized bagel, I am usually a fan.
The coffee selection is great, the employees are nice... the bagels aren't bad although I don't find them very filing for the price.
It does have a cozy little interior, and is overall a pretty solid morning choice unless you are super picky about everything.
Backeast has the perfect east coast character, mixed feelings.

If this joint had literally ANY other name I would give them 5 stars.
Seriously.
Yummy bagels with FREE REFILLS on your ice coffee, AND soy milk!!!!!!!!
What???
Yes, you did just read that.
Free.
Their bagels are fine, but they ain't back east.

8 bucks and change for 4 mediocre bagels and some disgusting strawberry cream cheese.. No thanks.. Not again

I really love finding new bagel joins to try out.
Ever since I moved to Tempe I've been looking for a great bagel place close to me, but this one just misses the mark.
Small bagels, dense dough, microwaved egg, ham and cheese, and cheap ham at that.
Breakfast sandwich for $5 is quite standard for a non-fast food place, but it didn't really taste much better than a fast food breakfast sandwich.
There are many better bagel places in the valley...probably won't be coming back.
Had no problems with the staff.

Excellent bagels, good customer service, clippings on the wall for upcoming concerts that I'm too broke to go to, but am glad that I am informed of them happening, so I can say "Oh yeah I heard they were coming to town.
" thanks BEB for keeping me hip.
Also pizza bagel.

Having driven sadly by this place many times in the past (they close just when I need my afternoon caffeine fix), I finally got to eat here after suffering the misfortune of giving someone a ride early in the morning (9 am is early when you're in college!).
Immediately I was a little let down by the customer service - the two girls behind the counter were so interested in their conversation that they couldn't stop to greet me as I walked in.
They do have an incredible number of options, but most of the flavors of bagels I wanted to try were out.
I decided on a honey whole wheat bagel with strawberry cream cheese and a large coffee.
I was pleased that there were many options for brewed coffee - they didn't just put out a pot of Folgers and call it a day.
Also nice was the carafe of soy milk to put in your coffee, something I've never seen.
Disappointing - the lack of to go lids for the coffee cups.
The bagel itself was great - tough outside, delightfully chewy inside, definitely not what you pick up at the grocery store or even at Einstein Bros.
The cream cheese was a let down though - it had little flavor and was pretty runny (thankfully they included a napkin in my to go bag).
I will be back when I get the chance, but I won't be quitting Einstein for Back East anytime soon.

We were in the area for swim lessons and I wanted a bagel instead of the norm starbucks.
I had the jalapeño bagel with cheese and egg, it was good but needed some sort of sauce.
They had mayo so I add a tiny bit.
I think this place is cute and has personality.
I wish we had something like this in the laveen area.

This place has very good bagels and cheap prices as well !
The staff is friendly and it's a cozy environment !
It's different than Einstein bagels, same concept and different taste but a good taste !
There is usually always a line in the morning that goes out the door, but it moves at a decent speed.

This place is hands down the best bagel in Tempe, AZ... Have yet to find a better place even in PHX or Scottsdale.
Great choice of bagels and even better cream cheese selection.
You can't go wrong with an everything or poppy bagel with their garden veggie cream cheese.
Those are my go to choices.
Cheap prices, bagel sandwiches and paninis for lunch as well.
If you're in Tempe make sure you check this spot out!

