An interesting and enchanting place full of beautiful art and valuable funky finds.
A lot of pieces made by locals, a lot of Latino things and beautiful religious/devotional objects (some are quite humorous and thought-provoking).
The ethnic part of this kind of reminded me of my favorite central Phoenix shop, Suenos Latin American Imports, but with a different high-end twist.
I made the trip out there on the advice of a friend and it was well worth the drive.
When thinking of an extra special gift for an extra special someone, I will go here.
The owner, Meg, is one of a kind.
She has a heart of gold, and has obviously put her heart and soul into her life's work, this wonderful gallery at El Pedregal.
She deserves more than the mere kudos I can give her.

If you are headed to the Scottsdale or Carefree area you MUST walk into this small shop and check out the wares.
It's eeeettthnniiccc.
Filled with funky hand-made wares that celebrate the crazy Latin culture... we spent a good 10 min in this little store, ooh'ing and laughing, and calling each other over to look at this...and this...and this.
LOVE the crazy art that takes classic old-school paintings and makes them fun.
LOVE the unique metal jewelry peppering the walls.
LOVE all the crazy esqueleto kind of Nacho Libre vibe, little hanging dolls, painted prints, photo frames, painted handbags...who DOESN'T need a thick knitted scarf with a little crazy Mexi gremlin face on it?
Come on people, think outside of the box.
Came home with a few small gifts for the family.
Almost everything in this place is made by local artists, so you are supporting AZ talent when you shop here.

Where does one begin when you've encountered a store so unique that it leaves an everlasting impression on your retail psyche?
Shop owner, Meg Witmer is a one of a kind talent and a rare bird these days.
Her shop is a nest of delights, each item hand picked and beautifully presented.
All by itself Adelante is a pure magical shopping experience and enough reason to look past the El Pedrigal Shopping Center.
Fly over to this shop pronto!
*As for it being compared to any other Folk Shop in Phoenix Metro... not even close!
(LIke comparing your average Filibertos to the spectacular Barrio Cafe.
) Where those shops stock the same old tired merchandise (that every Mexican Import shop across the US carries).
Meg and Adelante rely on Local and International Artists, each with a unique soul and not mass produced for the average shopper.
More than just another Latiin or Ethnic gift shop, this place is one of a kind art adventure!

