First off I would give this "establishment" NEGATIVE 100 stars if it were an option.
Made a reservation on Sept 6th for 2 nights to come in for a friends wedding.
I used my CC to secure the room.
we were supposed to be part of a block that was secured for the wedding.
Got my confirmation email.
Set to arrive on Nov 15.
Got another confirmation email on November 10th.
Make the 6 1/2 hour drive to arrive at 3pm to be informed that they cancelled our room because they were BOOKED, tried to charge my stay over a week ago (I have NEVER had a hotel do that before) My card was declined (Duh, I only put the money on that card right before i travel!
WE have been fraud victims 3 times for the sum of almost $9,000)  The man at the front desk told us in a snotty voice that "YOU PEOPLE need to take care of your credit card!
" then raised his voice to my husband when he told him that this was complete B.S.
(He didn't say Bull Sh** he actually said "B.S.
") I asked to speak to his supervisor.
he slapped a business card on the counter and told me that he was the General Manager and I could just go ahead and complain!
Then he actually FLIPPED ME OFF with both hands....... OMG!
my husband and I travel a lot and I will NEVER EVER Stay at a Comfort Inn again.
Further more I will tell EVERYONE I know and everyone I encounter about Mr Sam Trivedi the Douche Bag General Manager at the Comfort Inn Fountain Hills.
Oh and as for the Comfort Inns OWN Policy.....
Guarantee Policy  Your room will be held until 7:00 AM the morning following your scheduled arrival date.
If you do not arrive and do not cancel your reservation by the cancellation deadline, your credit card will be charged 1 night's stay plus tax.
My card should NOT have been charged until 7am TOMORROW per their OWN policy!!!!!!

My husband and I were in Fountain Hills visiting relatives and we chose to stay here because of the convenient location and moderate rates.
Our major complaint has to do with the lack of thorough cleanliness.
The a/c and carpets must have never been cleaned because a musty odor permeated our room which made it difficult to get a good nights sleep.
If the Comfort Inn expects repeat business, then management needs to retrain their cleaning staff.

