My parents love this place, and I think it's only because their baseline is NJ diners, of which is this is definitely a cut above.
When I come here with them while visiting, I know what I'm having before I walk in - an egg skillet breakfast.
They aren't as good as Le Peep's, but this is much closer to my parents than Le Peep, so I end up here much more often.
General menu looks very similar to diner offerings, with a bunch of Le Peep-ish touches that I consider a cut above diner food.
They offer an additional coffee to go when one orders coffee, which is a good deal especially if you're the thrifty kind and have a second person who only wants a single cup of coffee, and have a punch card of buy 5 entrees, get 1 free which is good for repeat customer savings.
I'm not really a breakfast person, but if I were looking for breakfast on my own, I would take this any day over Denny's, although it gets crowded on weekend mornings when the weather is nice and there's no way I'd consider it worth it to wait here to eat breakfast.
3 1/2 rounded down.

Good eggs.
Good french toast.
Good chorizo n' egg scramble.
Good cinnamon roll.
Good service.
Good patio shade.
Good price.
Good choice.

This place gets the four stars because of the patio.
What a GORGEOUS patio to sit at in November.
Food is pretty good... average I guess, but I'm not much of a breakfast person.
I had the Bacado omelette (bacon and avocado) and it wasn't bad, but nothing special.
Now... the potatoes that come with it...
I LOVED those.
Love the seasoning.
Service was not bad... server kinda ditzy paired with my friend's dry humor... recipe for humiliation, but otherwise good.

I love The Good Egg and especially this location.
The food and service is always consistent for my family and I.
They have an extensive menu of traditional American breakfast choices in addition to healthy options for the health conscious.
When you get sick of being served dessert for breakfast (aka PanCAKES), give this Good Egg location a try.

Servers here are very nice and personable.
I'm the type of person who needs that in the morning.
The patio is very nice and I think that's a big part of why this place is so popular.
My parents love the pancakes and french toast.
I thought the huevos rancheros were very good.
The restaurant is very clean and their cooking seems to have a a great home cooked feel that people love.
The service was also quick even when it was busy.
The prices may seem about a dollar higher than you might be used to, but they have a free customer loyalty card that is a good deal.

I've been dragged to The Good Egg a few times and I still don't see what's the draw...  Their service is pretty good, I'll give them that.
The food is OK but nothing to boast about.
For the price I can get the same quality food at Denny's from much less.
I had two eggs over easy with sides of corn beef hash, fried potatoes and and english muffin.
The eggs were eggs...
The hash was over cooked and so greasy they had to put it into another dish.
The potatoes were bland and needed onions, herbs and seasoning.
The coffee was good and the orange juiced was great.
I will give this Good Egg some recognition for their patio.
It's the place to eat when your at this Good Egg.

Best Breakfast, best price!
Tasty options of diner versus southwest fare.
Location is beautiful looking up at Black Mountain.
Crowded as you can imagine but the servers are friendly and the food is fresh.
Stop at off times if you want quick seating.
Wish they were open for dinner for those late night breakfast cravings.

This place was below average.
Specializing in breakfast, I'd think it would have been better.
Denny's is a better alternative.

Pancakes good.
Mexican style entrees not so great - mine had cold components such as the black beans, and that's a major turnoff when going out for a hot breakfast.
Orange juice is quite tasty.
Service is so-so.
Patio is nice, but this location is very buy during prime hours on weekends.

Peter and I breakfasting after our sunny side up desert ride at the good egg.
Our eggspectations were exceeded by our eggstra special attention and service from Candace and Julie.

I have been coming to this Good Egg almost EVERY day since 2001.
They are like family.
Actually, they are better than family.
They know my order, they all come over to chat(when not serving) and I have never felt more welcome in any place in my 59 years than here.
Kristina, Shea, Candace, Julie, Brittany, Betty Jean et al are the most personable and efficient people I have met in the hospitality industry.
The only thing missing is a dish named after me.

Great breakfast and lunch spot with yummy food and great service.
Not your fancy pants place, but more like mama's cookin' with a friendly atmosphere.

Horrible service every time.

When we lived in Arizona, this is the location we always went to.
Always great food...excellent, friendly service...and very accommodating for special requests for healthier eating!

Service was fast and prompt however we all left feeling the food was nothing special potatoes were cold and I am not sure if the omelets were actually cooked in house tasted premade and warmed up in a microwave.
I had a professional chef with me and he agreed, there were no skillet cook marks on it and it seemed rubbery

Good Egg is always great.
Healthy options as well as delicious splurges.
Service is great - relaxed atmosphere.
This location has a great view of the carefree boulders from a beautiful patio.

The Good Egg is a go-to place from breakfast because of the extensive and seemingly creative menu.
It's very clean and well run.
The food is always "pretty nice" but never has the WOW factor we all hope for in any restaurant.
But one that does wow me is U.S.
Egg, an establishment that is very similar to The Good Egg but the food is decidedly better.
It's too bad U.S.
Egg has so few Valley locations.
The dishes at The Good Egg (I've had many over the years) is not bad, but not great, either.

I usually go to the good egg at thunderbird and Scottsdale road and love it but tried the boulder location since I was in the area.
Sat out on the patio and it is a beautiful setting besides the bird problem, they are a little aggressive and clean the plates when customers get up to leave.
Service was a little slow but it was early so they probably had not got in the swing of things.
Ordered eggs over easy with whole wheat toast dry.
It came fast but eggs were scrambled with white bread.
I asked server and she said they were out of whole wheat and if I wanted her to she would fix the eggs but her attitude was the worst.
Made me feel like I unconvinced her by the question.
Not a great experience.
Asked manager as I paid on the way out and she said they had plenty of wheat.
Will stick with thunderbird location from now on

I love The Good Egg.
Of course, I am a breakfast person---breakfast, lunch and dinner!
What could be better than something created from the incredible, edible egg?
This is the only Good Egg I have eaten at.
Everyone who works here is super nice and knows their job.
The hostess is VERY nice.
Normally I get the always delicious and incredibly filling Huevos Ranchero's, but the other day I opted for the Florentine Benedict with fruit on the side.
I asked our server what kind of fruit and he said a variety of melons and grapes...
I HATE melon!
Why does everybody fill their fruit cups with melons?
So I asked him if I could mostly have grapes in my fruit cup and he hesitated, and then said sure.
So my Florentine Benedict arrived.
Omg, it was so good!
Perfectly poached eggs, grilled mushroom, onions, tomato and spinach, with little chunks of bacon and a nice Hollandaise, all piled on a nicely toasted English muffin.
And I got a side bowl of nuthin' but grapes!
Perfecto!
We ate on the patio, it was really nice, except for this stupid fly that took a liking to me and my meal.
There were some big birds watching us avidly, but the staff is pretty much on top of it, clearing dishes asap, so those winged rats are out of luck.
I liked that they brought me my iced tea in a plastic take-away cup.
I had drink to...take away!
I think I'll ask for a take-away cup always, in the future.
(Unless I get coffee.
)    I have filled up my Good Egg card and earned a free entree, and have started a new card.
Life is good.
Ahhh...life in Cave Creek-Carefree....it's EGG-zactly how life should be!

The best breakfast place in the area!
They have plenty of healthy options and will happily modify any item to suit your tastes.
The pancakes are enormous and delicious, especially the blueberry and the seasonal pumpkin pecan.
The Monterey and the pancakes are my favorites, but you really can't go wrong with anything on their menu.
Each meal is cooked to perfection and the service is eggcellent!
It is hard to think of a better way to start the day than by having breakfast at The Good Egg.
The eggs are indeed good, as is everything else!

This place is perfect for a weekday breakfast.
I work down the street and it is convenient and quick with great food.
Service has always been pleasant.
They have fresh orange juice and a great skillet.

This place has been around for what seems like forever.
It is super easy to find and is actually pretty big inside.
The decor is outdated but goes along with the theme of the whole place.
Which is breakfast.
The prices are cheap which is good and the food is a-okay.
I've had my fair share of bad choices but overall the place is pretty good.
It is also good for huge groups and kids.

What can I say?
They are very reasonably priced and the service fast and efficient.
I was suffering a particularly painful hangover after a long night of drinking and revelry.
A quick brekky here put me on the road to recovery.
Truth be told, the quality falls below iHop and is more on the level of Denny's but on the morning of my visit I can honestly say that I don't think I would have made it back to CenPho if I hadn't stopped here.

This is a great family restaurant with an excellent menu with an excellent variety.
Food jis prepared to order.
Different from many restaurants,  they are fairly liberal with substitutions.
We always feel welcome when we come here.
Not so good this time of year,  they have a nice patio for dining.

