The problem I have had over the years with doctors is they change on me.
I always seem to pick the ones who are just about to retire or move (be it dentist, Gyno or family doctor).
Since 2005 I've had a different Gyno every year and in the same time I have had 4 different dentists but I just realized (after my appointment today) that I have been going to the same family doctor for over 3 years and I love it!
I've almost developed an anxiety over calling my doctor because I don't want to jinx the relationship.
But so far so good!
Dr. Khouri (pronounced: Cory) knows his stuff!
First off, I like the waiting room because it's roomy so I can sit in a corner by myself without feeling like I'm going to get infected by the other patients (because who knows what they're in here for, sick-o's!!!).
:) and I never have to wait long to go back for my visit - which, when they call my name I gracefully stand and walk to the door all the while I'm thinking (get me outta here!
I think that lady was coughing at me, purposefully trying to get me sick!
)   Any ways, it doesn't take long to see Dr. Khouri, and the appointments don't go on forever either.
I go in, tell him what's up, he does this thing and I'm outta there in no time.
When I require specialists he has a plethora of referrals I can go to.
I am really glad he's my doctor and I've had him for as long as I have.
If you are looking for a family doctor I would recommend giving Dr. Khouri a call!

My family goes to this facility.
We have only seen Dr Mickus.
As a physician he is average, he has misdiagnosed my teenage son 4 times.
First by saying he has heel spurs, second mono, third ringworm, and fourth Pityriasis rosea.
He referred us to a Dermatologist.
His Nurse called and gave us the appt time and location of the Dermatologist.
Unfortunately Dr English never had an appt for us, or even the paperwork associated with our case.
Neither Office wanted to take responsibility for the miscommunication, nor did they offer to make it right by getting us help.
My son's entire face was swollen and it had moved into the sinus, causing nose bleeds.
We ended up in the emergency room.
The emergency room determined it is a bacterial infection that is causing his lymph nodes to swell.
He is starting antibiotics now.
To be honest I was already feeling as if Dr. Mickus has no idea what he is doing, but after this we will never go there again.
If you can see a different Dr do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.

Good Heavens, I don't care how great the rating on hold for 15 minutes the first time then when I had time to call again it was another 20 minutes and nobody answers the line.....
I can appreciate taking your time with each person and I was excited to see Dr. Kouhri is there but I cant sit on hold all day waiting for them to decide when to acknowledge a phone call.
I dont know if they are having phone issues or just that overwhelmed.
In any case, they cant help me today.

I was originally a patient of Dr. Kouhri's, of whom I really appreciated, and was told that after he left, I was being switched over to Dr. Tracey Martin.
When I recently called to schedule an appt.
they told me they switched me again (without notifying me) because I had never been in to see her.
I was switched to Dr. Wright, and tried to get in to see her.
At first, the receptionist told me she could get me in at 10:00, and then said she is not in, and that her Nurse Practitioner was booked.
She actually referred me to Urgent Care, and was incredibly rude!
Any intelligent business would work to accommodate current paying customers instead of referring to outside sources.
This places passes along their patients like they are objects on a conveyor belt, and I will never visit them again.

When I moved out west, I also left behind my great team of awesome doctors back east.
I do not like the service I've gotten from this location.
The service is abrupt and abrasive.
There are no smiles, understanding or good service.
It's quite obvious that their patients are NOT top priority.
I haven't changed to another doctor frankly because I'm either too lazy or busy.
It's one extreme or the other.
But I plan to before my next physical.

I have been here once and i honestly will never go here again.
i will find a new doctor.
First off, i went into the office thinking my appointment was at 2 and i went to check in and they told me they had me in for 2:30 (which was an hour later because they asked me to arrive 30 minutes early for paperwork) but i thought okay, no big deal because they got me back before 2 since there was nobody in the waiting room.
I went to the room and before the doctor even saw me, she started talking which i honestly thought was kinda rude.
and then the whole time she is questioning me, she seemed very disinterested and then told me that she wanted to send me for blood work.
I went and got the blood work done 2 weeks ago thinking i would've heard something by the end of last week because she told me 3-5 days but still, i got nothing.
do i decided to give them a call to see what was up and why i ha vent heard anything.
turns out, Dr. Martin went on vacation and didn't bother saying anything to keep me from worrying?
or even have the receptionist call me and let me know?
so no i a going to have to wait close to a month before i get my lab results back.
this is so beyond ridiculous and i would NEVER recommend this practice to anybody.

