*The SOAP format is typical for medical chart notes.
Subjective:   SCNM is a 4 year post-graduate medical school specializing in Naturopathic Medicine.
Currently, there are three other CNME accredited schools in America and one on the way to being accredited.
These schools train the students to be primary care physicians using modalities such as botanical medicine, homeopathy, physical medicine, nutrition, acupuncture/Chinese medicine, hydrotherapy, pharmacology, and minor surgery.
Although there may be other professions that use these methods, naturopathic medicine is set apart by its philosophy.
We treat the person, not the disease, through these modalities which stimulate the body to heal itself.
Unfortunately, not every state licenses naturopathic medicine and there are a bunch of correspondence school naturopaths out there.
Luckily, Arizona has the best licensing of any of the states.
Objective:   This is medical school and it is difficult like any other medical school in the country.
The benefit of this particular degree is that most of the students and faculty are caring and supportive.
The downfall is that we have to learn all of the extra modalities in addition to all of the stuff conventional med students have to learn.
The student experience is exactly what you want it to be.
There are plenty of extracurriculars to please many of the students, and lots of support to create new ones.
It's expensive.
It costs about 20 grand per year just for tuition.
If you include living expenses, the total is about $200,000 if you finish in 4 years.
Analysis:   Diagnosis - Adrenal Hypofunction, Fatigue, Spleen Qi Deficiency  This student is TIRED.
After 3 and 1/2 years of school that runs all year long, I'm exhausted.
I probably got a little too involved in the extracurriculars (SGA President, SAT, Imhotep Circle President, Work Study position in research dept., etc) but I truly appreciate all of the opportunities at the school.
Clinic is what you make of it as well; easy shifts don't exactly maximize learning.
In the end, I'm glad that I did it and I can't wait to get out and help people.
Plan:   Finish the last six months, get out there and make people well.

As an undergrad exploring my options for some sort of postgrad/medical school options I walked in and looked around.
Looked at some information/ pamphlets and talked to a receptionist.
Everything that would warrant a 4 star review, so what could possibly have gone wrong for them to receive such a poor review.
The spam mail.
This place will clog your mailbox/inbox/any other medium of communication they can find just to send you the same information over and over and over again.
I realize that you can easily remove yourself from an e-mail list, but the sheer amount of useless crap that they send to you is grounds alone for a 1 star review.
Not only is this annoying and a  huge waste of time/paper & ink, but it just reeks of desperation.
P.S.
after reading the above review, (clearly from somebody who works there) in my opinion, $20,000 per year for a "degree" in something most of the world considers a joke is tantamount to education fraud.
If you have the estimated $200,000 for 4 years of "education" to throw away be my guest, and if not just avoid giving them ANY of your contact information.

I have not attended SCNM so this rating is only based on my dealings with them so far.
I felt compelled to write this review after reading the negative review by the guy who gave one star because he felt he was being spammed.
I have received nothing more from SCNM than what I have requested.
The admissions staff and the student I spoke with were a pleasure to deal with.
They were extremely helpful, warm and welcoming.
So, if you are interested in natural medicine, please don't hesitate to contact them.
And as for the one star reviewer, if you think natural medicine is a joke and not worth the time and money to learn, then you probably shouldn't be a naturopath.
I hope to be able to write a review as a student in the near future.

Graduated from SCNM many years ago.
Having attended another medical school prior to that,  the education for the money is grossly inadequate.
They also lied and said they would accept credits from other schools.
They don't.
Don't waste your money.
Go to regular DO or MD school,  then if you are so inclined-  practice naturally.

So, I was raised by a hippie.
We didn't go to the doctor for much, and I still don't.
If I can find a natural way to heal, I'll go for that before running to CVS to take a pill.
My PCP retired a year ago and moved cross-country.
She was great and always backed me up to find natural ways to take care of whatever ailed me.
My RX ran out, and I remembered my friend Jen W. graduated from here.
When you go here, you are seen by students, and they have a doctor supervising them.
I had two students with me.
I'm ok with that, because my former doctor always had students with her, and the best way to learn is by doing.
They were very thorough, too, when asking me questions about what I was there.
Dr. Rice was great, too!
I expressed concerns over either having them refill my RX, or trying something more natural.
She understood me.
She listened.
The phlebotomist was awesome!
I usually have to deal with whoever is taking my blood, pricking around, trying to find a vein.
Not only did he find it right away, but I barely felt the needle go in.
(How many people are cringing right now???
)  I paid out of pocket.
Everything was less than $200.
I don't think they take insurance, but you could, of course, find out if your insurance company will reimburse you.
I actually had fun here and I'm looking forward to my appointment next week.

