The internet is dog slow but the staff is very friendly and helpful and the breakfasts are what you would expect.
They even have social hours at night which I haven't attended yet but they do serve complimentary food and drinks.
The rooms are decent...a bit dated but generally comfortable.

Five years ago I had stayed at this hotel and would have given it a wonderful review but I was not yet a member of YELP so I could not.
This time I can!!
I just got back from a 3 day stay here.
I booked my rooms directly on the Marriott website so I could utilize my discount.
I returned to this hotel because it is one of the few in the area that I could find with the two bedroom two bathroom suite.
Once again, this hotel did not disappoint.
They still have their free wired internet, free buffet style breakfast, heated pool and spa, and VERY nice rooms!!
They have done a total re-model since the last time I was here.
I didn't see anything wrong with the rooms last time but hey...the rooms REALLY stand out now!
The full kitchen and living room are added bonuses.
Location: This hotel is in a great location for just about everything in Tempe and Downtown Phoenix.
It's RIGHT across the street from the Arizona Mills Mall; leave your car at the hotel and walk!!
Everything you could want to eat, drink, and be merry is at the mall or VERY close to it.
Hotel is right next door to a CVS.
GO there and get your bottled water and drinks.
NOTE: Do NOT drink the Hotels bottled water or they will charge you.
Across the street is a McDonalds, Wendys, Home Depot, 50's Diner and another 7 minute walk gives you Carls Jr, Claim Jumper & Joes Crab Shack.
The Phoenix International Airport is 10 minutes away.
There's a "shortcut" to the airport if you go down Priest street to University but don't use GPS because it will keep trying to get you to go down I-10!
(Which may be easier if you are prone to get lost like I am.
)  Employees: Everyone was very nice and helpful.
Housekeeping always gave me the extra towels I requested.
The woman that works the breakfast buffet was exceptionally nice.
Even though the buffet closed at 9:30 AM, she let me come at 9:45 to eat.
I made sure to tip her every day.
Internet: Free and fast!
It is wired, yes, but to even be able to FIND free internet at any hotels in Tempe and Phoenix is amazing, especially in a suite!!
The other places I looked at wanted $9.99 a night!!
I did not mind one bit having to hook into the wired router.
They have a computer/printer set up in the lobby as well.
Room: Very clean and classy!
TONS of storage!
(I believe all of these rooms were once apartments.
) I like the way they re-modeled everything.
Clean fresh linens.
NO Bedbugs!!
Living room and kitchen are a wonderful added bonus.
There's also a fireplace but with it being 90ยบ out, I did not need to use it.
The bathrooms are also VERY nice.
Love the bow out shower curtain rods!
The showerhead is a big ol' fancy thing; water pressure is excellent.
Tubs and sinks drained great.
Lots of windows throughout the unit.
The room curtains are very good at keeping the room dark until you want to let the light in.
With the Arizona sun, it was nice to open the windows but also keep the sheers in front to minimize the heat factor.
Parking: FREE!!
YAY!!!
Late Check Out: YAY!!!!
I will definitely stay here again the next time I am in Phoenix.
It's a no brainer!

Noisy!!
Poorly sound proofed rooms means that every car with booming stereos outside you have to listen to!
I have never had this noisy of a hotel room.
Even worse, some family upstairs appeared to be practicing tap dancing based on the racket they were making.
No wi fi in the rooms, you have to use wired Internet access.
Having the Arizona Mills shopping center across the street was handy for xmas shopping.
The free breakfast was good.

My buddy and I were doing and IronMan and needed a place to stay.
He found this place through a co-worker and I am so glad he did.
To start, I am a guy ok.
I have been in the military and no silver spoon came out of this mouth upon birth.
Basically, I am not too picky as it pertains to hotels.
However, this place was really nice.
The room had two bedrooms with full baths and a common area with a kitchen filled with all the amenities.
It was nice and clean.
3 flat screen tv's.
Wireless internet came with the room.
The beds were comfy (i can sleep anywhere) but my lady friend said so also.
They had a free breakfast, which normally means coffee, juice, a muffin and a few other items.
Residence has a full breakfast.
Eggs, sausage, yogurt, bagels, muffins, milk, oj and apple juice, rice, bread, cereal, apples, bananas, and a belgian waffle maker.
There is more stuff I am surely forgetting but you get the point.
What a great surprise!
And to top it off, this was included in the room price.
I thought it was pretty awesome!
Especially since I have been consuming somewhere around 3000 calories a day for the last 4 months.
The staff was also quite pleasant and very helpful.
We checked out a little late and they didn't have an issue with it at all.
When I am back in these parts, I will definitely stay here.

Clean, comfortable, nice staff.
Devil in details - all these little ammenities left in the room over halloween.
Simply lovely business stay.

