No joke, the absolute best if you have a modified off-road truck.
I have a mildly modified Toyota Tacoma and they have been my go-to shop since day one.
I've had some repair work done at the dealership since I'm still under warranty, but even then I've had to bring it to Desert Rat to really get things sorted out.
The level of expertise and attention to detail surpasses any other shop that I've been to in the Valley.
Most of the guys have owned and still own Toyotas so you know they are experts in that category.
Most recent experience involved a knocking noise that couldn't be resolved.
I've been running around the Valley having the truck looked at by several shops to no avail.
Desert Rat figured out the problem within 10 minutes and fixed it in 5.
It was so simple they didn't even charge me.
THAT is beyond good customer service.
I cannot recommend them highly enough.
Ask for Chris or Brett.

Stay away.
Had them put a budget boost on my New Jeep Wrangler, day after i started having "death wobble".
Darwin coaxed me into buying a new steering stabilizer to "fix" the problem.
SS only masks the wobble from the driver until it's severe.
Went back in to purchase a new HD trac-bar, again Darwin told me that's not the issue and up-sold me Into an AEV lift because he "guaranteed" it would fix the death wobble.
Within two days I was still having wobbles.
I finally went in and bought the Trac-bar I originally had intended to get before Darwin led me $2500 down a rabbit hole.
Sure enough trac-bar significantly reduced the frequency of my wobbles, but hasn't fully eliminated them.
Darwin and his staff have been nothing but condescending when I've come in with my issues.
I wouldn't spend another dime with these guys.

I purchased a used Nissan Pathfinder and began to have some problems with the way it drove very early on.
I bought the vehicle because it was already lifted and I liked the look.
I did some research to find out where to take it and Desert Rat was highly recommended, so I gave them a try and man am I glad I did.
I dealt with Brett and Tim at the Tempe location and not only were they familiar with the model vehicle, but they new exactly what had been improperly installed on the lift causing the handling problem, they even performed a four wheel alignment in house!
In no time at all I was on the road with a vehicle that drove as good as it looked.
I would recommend these guys to anyone for experienced and friendly service.
Great job!

