Excellent copy services,cheap scans,alot of staff to help on the floor.and they have trail mix.plus its across the street from my work,sign up for the staples reward cards,it actually helps and save me alot,stay classy yelpers

I recently was in the market for a Hon filing cabinet.
I wanted one with the sliding panels to hold files in place.
I saw exactly what I wanted in the store, however when I  ordered it on-line so I could get delivery, what I received was not exactly like the one in the store.
It had a flimsy wire to hold files upright.
When I went to the local store I was told that Hon does not makes those any longer.
The manager was willing to sell me the floor model (dented) for a lousy $25 discount.
I went home and I had found the sliding panels I wanted on-line for $65.
I called http://Staples.com and requested that Staples adjust the price of the product I purchased by $65 and was turned down flat.
I told them to pick up the filing cabinet.
They said okay, it would be in the next 5 or so business days.
They not only could not offer AM or PM pickup, but would not even narrow it down to one day.
After 3 attempts (or so they say),  I received an email about not being able to pick up the cabinet.
I  called and told them to reschedule the pick up.
I understood it would be picked up the next day.
I stayed home all of the next day until 3:30pm and they did not show up.
Apparently Staples has no respect for anybody's time except their own.
They are willing to send a truck out 3 or 6 or more times rather than make an adjustment for something that was obviously their fault.
I used to like Staples, but no more.

If I need any office supplies, this is where I usually go.
The aisles are easy to navigate around, and service is friendly.
Prices are competitive.
They have a Rewards Card system, but it's a bit nebulous to me how they determine when you have earned enough for a reward.

had a rush copy/print job today, Sunday, and Kayla was on the copy counter taking care of business - multiple customers, giving another employees guidance on 2 projects and she very professionally and quickly took care of my order.
I normally see maria in this department (also very qualified, professional)...so glad to have met Kayla and appreciate her help.

Their copy department is rad.
Good service and reasonable pricing for quick print jobs.

Great customer service!
I needed to get a couple chairs and they helped me get it all out to my truck.

