This store boasts that no animals they sell are the product of puppy mills, which is a big relief to me (if it's true).
They sell dogs, rabbits, ferrets, parakeets...
They all seem happy and healthy, albeit a little bored.
It's nice for a pet store.

One star because they flat out lied to us.
This is the sort of thing I loathe about so many American businesses.
They are willing to lose potentially lifelong customers for the sake of saving $100 or so.
Here is what happened.
We wanted to get a shelter dog.
But it quickly became apparent that the right mix of breed and age was going to be difficult to find at a shelter (I have a preschool age son and two cats, so we thought a puppy would be the best fit) .
So we started to look at breeders and private families.
One day we decided to stop here just to look at a variety of breeds in one place, with no intention of actually buying anything there.
The thing is, they had this little dachshund puppy that we really fell in love with.
The price was too high, but they came down $150 and said when we picked him up we would be able to draw from a bucket and receive either $100, $200 or $300 worth of store credit.
We finally decided to bite the bullet and pay way more than expected, figuring at least the drawing would allow us to get his supplies.
At the time he had an ear infection and we had to wait ten days to pick him up.
You can guess what happened.
We show up to get the dog and they tell us that we do not get to draw because of the deal they made us at the beginning and a $40 "kennel" they gave us that day.
During the course of the ten day wait we had been visiting the puppy at the store so I was not about to tell my four year old to forget about his puppy so, of course I still took the dog.
But they are now on my list of most hated businesses, along with Thrifty Rent-a-Car and Olive Garden--the sort of place I will talk about for the rest of my life.
It is a shame because up until this time our experience was positive.

I worked in pet shops long before people started getting PC about them.
Not all are equal and it's duly noted even the haters like to ' look ' at the pets.
This is a nice store.
It is over priced but so are cars.
I'm a vet tech and I feel so long as breeders breed it's fine these places adopt out the pets.
There are MUCH worse starts to pets lives trust me.
I've seen it all.

The people that work here are awful.
I've never felt more unwelcome.
I asked one associate, whom was busy playing with a faret and asked to play with a puppy, she did not say one word the entire time, and played with her farret for longer and than finally, rolling her eyes, went to get the dog.
The dog was outrageously sad, did not care for toys, and wanted to be held.
They do not care for their animals at all...except for the farret.
I've come here about three times now and received the same service from every single people in the store.
Is there any happy person that works in this store, do any of them care or love the dogs?
And seeing the reviews of the unhealthy dogs I can completely agree.
I will get my animal from a shelter, people that work at shelters completely love the animals more than them.
This place is awful, I'd give it 0 stars if I could, especially the people that work there.
I wish I could take all the poor puppies and have them held.

