great place to have your battery recharged.
they require that you bring your own oil back to the recycle bin... which is gross and impossibly filthy.
i really can't leave this place without getting dirty.
but hell, i really can't complain.
i like getting dirty.

I've been meaning to write this review for a few weeks.
My battery died and I got a jump from a co-worker after work.
So I drove right down to the Auto Zone at the southeast corner of Mill Ave & Broadway Rd in Tempe.
The staff there were all outstanding.
When I got there, they were pretty busy, and the district manager was about to leave for the day.
When he saw me standing there, he set his things down and called me over.
So there I was, dressed in my suit & tie, attempting to change a battery.
He sent out one of his employees (David) to help me change the battery.
David had a little trouble because the battery is located under a bunch of other things in my car.
However, David was very professional.
So, this other employess, Shelly comes out there and changes my battery like it was no big deal!
She was more than happy to help, and thanked ME for being a customer!
Wow!
Bravo to Auto Zone for their friendly, and very capable staff!
I have since gone there for miscellaneous items, and will shop nowhere else for any car needs.
This place is the real deal!

I just bought my scooter a few weeks ago and had no idea what oil it needs.
I went to the AutoZone and they were extremely helpful.
Took me to the area for two-stroke engines with fuel injectors.
They carry both regular and synthetic oil.
Surprisingly, the synthetic oil (better than the rest) was only $3.99 for a quart.
Sweetsa!

The employees here are super helpful and provide great service.
I went in recently and had Jose (who also went by Joe) help me with replacing the bulb in my headlight.
I'm so glad I went here to get this done before I went to a shop because it saved me a good chunk of change.
I will continue to go to this autozone for smaller car needs because of the money saved and the awesome employees!

I cannot say enough good things.
I came in with a check engine light.
Eric checked it out, and it turns out my antifreeze reservoir was leaking terribly (hose was detached and unfixable).
He, Jose, and Jose R. spent the time to explain everything to me, looked for a new part (didn't have it in stock so I bought it and brought it in), and installed it.
They took a great deal of time and care in creating a temporary seal in the hose so that I could go out and buy said part.
If they hadn't done this, my car would be toast.
They truly saved me a lot of money and heartbreak.
Eric, Jose R. (he goes by Joe), Jose, and Teresa were all so incredibly kind, generous, and helpful.
I hope their boss reads this because they truly deserve some sort of compensation.
On top of all this, I think they understood that I knew nothing about cars, yet they didn't try to take advantage of me.
That's really hard to find in the car care service.
I certainly will be coming back to this location for all my car care needs.

We figured out today that both brake lights were out on our car.
Called this location to see if they had the item on hand, which they did.
Donald helped me on the phone and greeted me also once I arrived to the store.
He was very friendly and had already had the lights waiting for me at the register.
After signing up for the rewards program they offer and paying for the lights, Donald also installed the lights for us!!!
Excellent customer service!!!!!
Thank you Donald again for getting us back on the road safely.

Went here for the first time and was truly impressed by the service.
I had a replacement mirror that needed to be installed and though they said they regularly don't do that, they put it on free of charge.
They also fixed my tail light and later on the same day when I found out I needed a battery change I showed up and they replaced one out for no charge.
Great service, great prices.
I recommend Karl he was very nice and helpful!

I feel that the system is flawed.
I bought a battery in 2010 went to have it replaced in 2012 and he said I had a different battery in my truck, it wasn't.
He fought me and I  had to buy a new battery.
In 2014 I went to get a replacement, same thing said that it was a different from the one purchased in 2012, he fought me for a few then looked deeper and saw that I was correct.
so, I lost money on the first one and almost the second.
I wish their system would not fail me.

