It's nary Halloween time, and that means shopping for fake blood, wigs, decorations, costumes and costume accoutrements (pirate swords, bullet wounds, sunglasses, stage glue, fake teeth...)  Every year since I found out about this little costume/party store I've hit it up no less than 3 times - usually more - between early September and up to Halloween day.
It's got just about everything you would need from a party store like the standard balloons for a birthday, novelty tiaras that say "Mother-To-Be", themed plates, and my favorite stuff like several kinds of fake blood and amputated hands, scars and scabs...
They have rent-able costumes of better quality, and the standard cheap ones that come in a bag and fit like a burlap sack.
If you think you need a wig for your costume - THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO.
Why?
Because they about 50, and YOU CAN TRY THEM ON before you buy.
They have sample ones out on mannequin heads to see what you like, then you buy the not-messed-with one in a bag - awesome.
It's pretty small, and nothing compared to those Spirit warehouse-size stores that pop up every year.
BUT I keep coming because they've never let me down and aren't nearly as crowded as Spirit gets mid-October.
So, if you find yourself in need of a pimp hat this Halloween (I hope you're more inspire and creative than that) or party supplies off-season, I highly recommend this place!

I needed a mustache PRONTO for the Tempe C.R.A.P (Car Resistance Action Party) and L.B.D.M.
(Los Bicicletas De Muerte) Mustache Ride yesterday.
Thankfully Lauren V. had posted local costume places.
I had no debit card or credit card, two bucks in assorted change, and 25 minutes to get a stache.
I felt like I was in some kind of lame Tempe Mustache Race against Time- and Lauren V. saved my ass...well, actually my FACE.
Located probably a whopping two blocks away from me, I was surprised to see Arizona Fun Services (it totally sounds like an Escort Service, I know) was NOT in a strip mall.
But the parking lot was rubber tire burning turnable, and I raced inside, finding a helpful hip younger lady: "Where are your mustaches!!!
" She showed me a display case of all kinds of lovely staches, starting from 9 bucks, and talked about the spirit gum and adhesive remover kit.
But she pointed for my drunken pedaling purposes the wall near the dressing rooms would prove adequate.
And indeed they were.
I settled on a lovely curley number for a buck and some change (it hurt like fuck later, but damn it did the job) and was out the door in under ten minutes.
Thank you Lauren and Thank YOU AZ Fun Services!

I love costumes!
I mean I really love costumes.
Halloween is just ONE of the occasions I find to dress up.
Don't forget about Mardi Gras, Talk Like a Pirate Day and of course the Renaissance Festival.
I also do makeup for a friend who does indy Zombie movies.
So shopping for Make Up and such is a fairly common event in my world.
Fun Services has almost always, for over 10 years, had what I need.
In addition to having a great stock of wigs, theatrical quality makeup, costumes and accessories, the staff is awesome.
If you aren't sure what you need, they will help you.
You can explain what effect you are going for, and they will totally geek out with you to help you plan.
It's like brainstorming and buying at the same time!

I've been meaning to write this review forever, and I always forget.
Finally!
This little store is the most awesome costume and party store every.
It's not huge, and it's pretty unassuming from the street, but I have never failed to find what I need (usually and then some) when I shop here.
Not just Halloween costumes (although their selection is really extensive and great value for excellent quality), but a great selection for every holiday.
Party decorations, novelties, you name it.
I personally have purchased such things here as a disco ball rig, a rubber gag mouse, and a really great selection of Mardi Gras beads and masks.
They have one of the best costume wig selections anywhere in the Valley, and the full line of Ben Nye and other high quality stage make up items.
The people are awesome too, and always friendly and helpful.

This is a really fun party shop.
They have all the basics without the warehouse feeling.
They have a ton of wigs too which is great for theme parties!
They also transform for Halloween and open up the back of the store.
This is a great local place for a costume or for some fun party decorations!

If you have a kid, you are going to need their services so I called a few places if they carried face painting supplies and they said no.
Finally I called Arizona Fun Services and sure enough they said yes.
When I got there they had tons of selections for face painting supplies.
The lady patiently explained all the different options and price structures.
We did end up getting a high quality but reasonably priced item and it has worked out great.
They are really easy to find.
Just take the exit on to broadway west off of 101 and they are on the right hand side.
They carry costumes year round and also for little ones.
I will be going back their for lil'un's halloween costume this year.

Ihave gotten halloween costumes from here.. both bought an rented.
Renting can be a little scary since you dont know who the person was before you and how clean the costume really is.. but I felt ok about the quality of the costume.
They also have tons of good face make up for making yourself a zombie, or corpse or whatever your needs might be in that area.

i always forget about this place when we do a party.
they carry costumes and party gear year round...even halloween stuff.
stopped in today to look for a flintstones costume but they had no Fred's and the wilma they had for 50 bucks, we bought on-line for 30 bucks.
i had an online coupon for 15 bucks so i only bought house decor for halloween.
but if you need any kind of prop for a costume/theme party, bike pub ride, or just feel like dressing up, this place is perfect!

Racks full of costumes.
The perfect place for Halloween accessories.
They even had a sale rack.
Which is good because most fully decked out costumes aren't cheap.
Cool stuff for theme parties also.

Cool place to go if you need party supplies or if you're in need of a costume.
They have a very wide selection!
Check store hours before heading over though, I went one time to find out they were closed (Owners were out of town I think) when they would normally be open.

Awesome to have a costume shop that is open year round.
This is not one of those places with the higher end hand sewn costumes that you rent, it is more the cheap kind that come in a plastic bag.
But even if you like to make your own they have a ton of accessories complement anything you may come up with.
Even if you just want some trinkets for a theme party they have you covered.
The place is jam-packed with stuff so it is a little overwhelming but the staff seems to have the inventory memorized and they were really helpful.

This is always the place I go to when I need a random accessory or a wig or whatever else for a party, event, etc.
I couldn't find a cigarette holder to save my life (retro 1950s Christmas party - it was a necessity!
), and I found not one but three to choose from at AFS.
I've bought wigs there for everything you could imagine, from a hockey game to the Renaissance Faire, and they had several different options that would work for each event.
They are also REALLY inexpensive for wigs - this is a plus for me since a) I'm not made out of money, sadly and b) I usually end up getting drunk in said wigs and trashing them anyway.
I've found the same wigs somewhere else and they cost an arm and a leg (and these are cheap, non-human hair wigs - they should NOT cost that much!
), and then went to AFS and picked it up for under $30.
They have a really big selection, I just always seem to go there when I'm under a time crunch so I still haven't been able to look at everything.
I am definitely a fan of this place.

This shop has a huge selection of merchandise and the staff was very friendly.
My friend and I went there to look for spandex bodysuits.
They were they only I've ever visited that would let you try them on.
When they didn't have the colors we wanted in stock, they took our numbers and said they'd call when they got them in.

Gwen at AZ Fun Services knows how to throw a party!
She was so helpful matching our group with just the right carnival games.
I've never seen so many classic, well built games in one place!

From the outside the place looks small but it's deceiving  once inside, it's a pretty good size store.
It was my first time there just days before Halloween.
It was busy but they didn't have crazy lines.
Good Costume selection, even had racks of discounted Halloween costumes (Bonus) because they aren't cheap and had a good selection of makeup and pencil liners.
They have dressing rooms, tried on two costumes for me and took one home plus one for my boyfriend, both on clearance.
Hooray!

