Staff seemed on edge.
Couldn't give me a receipt for a wire transfer.
The rate board had not been updated for days.
If you prefer things half-assed, go here.

I have written a few tips and want to be fair to Arizona Central Credit Union.
Like I said in my tips, I have been with this bank for almost two decades.
I have had no "accidental charges" like some banks that I have experience with, eh hem, Wellsfargo.
I had some issues with bank tellers in the past, lack of character/personality, but after a few years they started to smile...
The issues that I had in the past is with my visa debit.
At first they said it was my magnetic strip, then a few times they sent me new debit cards because of a possible leak of information, each time I understood.
I even let the fact go that every time I use my card, I have to swipe it twice for whatever reason...I have ordered and been sent new debit cards plenty of times since the beginning of this year.
I understood that life happens...However, when I am in a foreign country and cannot access my money- then I have a problem.
I did the whole parodical, notified the bank before going, asking about the surcharges, etc.
Then, when it comes down to using my card there is the embarrassing feeling of your card being rejected and the horror that I am a long way from home with no money.
I had to call from Spain, they put me on hold several times, even when I stress to them I am being charged for international cards, at the end of the conversation AZ Central tells me it was on the other business end...I go to another business, then another...nothing.
I HAD to access my money at this point so therefore, I had to call AZ Central...same response except this time they tell me that the businesses were canceling my purchases.
Finally, I relied on my husbands bank for purchases at stores...  Back here in the homeland...I have a server tell me that my card will not go through.
Luckily, I was dining with friends and they foot the bill.
Here I am, waiting on the phone for twenty plus minutes and they apologize for the inconvenience that their system was down...Really?
What century do we live in where you tell your story of $30 dollar charges for international calls, waiting on the line...I am so tired that every time I use my card I silently pray that it will go through...AZ Central does not have surprise charges and are engaging in new technologies that are convenient - They are starting to lack with customer service and after almost two decades I am wondering if I should make a change.

I have to agree with the other reviewers.
This is not a good choice if you need an establishment that is responsive to your needs.
We have a financial situation where family money (for college) needs to be tied in to kids accounts for transfers.
This group could not get it done.
I have never had a successful phone call with them.
I moved the trust to the "other" credit union.
Haven't had any problems.
I use the account for direct deposit and bill paying.
Still a pain, but more of a pain to move it.
Have a couple of kid's savings.
Will probably move to a more convenient bank when they are on their own.

