Recently I had to take my truck to get an oil change.
While I was getting my oil changed, I was notified of a problem with my water pump.
I had a crack and was leaking pink coolant all over my engine.
UGH!
After a recommendation from a friend and also an excellent experience with my wife's car (both Yelpers), I chose to take my truck to Tempe Auto Repair to be fixed.
When my wife took her car here to fix a problem, I talked with the shop about my potential issue.
I was told to bring my truck in for a look and if there was a problem to write up a quote.
The diagnosis was no charge.
The staff is very professional and polite, especially Bill.
The cost of the repair was around $250-275 cheaper than another quote I had received for the same work and parts.
The work was completed as scheduled, same day as long as I brought my truck in before 9 am.
I hope I don't have another issue with my truck for some time, but if I do, I'm headed back to Tempe Auto Repair because of the honesty, integrity and price.
Good work Tempe Auto Repair!
I would recommend checking out Tempe Auto repair if your vehicle needs repair service

I recently had a problem with a small amount of smoke coming out from under my hood.
I needed my car fixed fast and after talking to a few people I took my car to Tempe Auto Repair.
They were unable to fix my problem, but they were honest about it and gave me a suggestion on where to go.
They didn't charge me a dime for the work they did trying to fix the issues, plus i wound up with a free oil change.
So while they didn't fix my car, they will definitely be high on my list of people to bring it to next time there is a problem.

one star knocked off because they blew into my interlock (yes, i know.
CLASSY!
just paying for my mistake) and missed a running test.
aside from the EWWWWWWWWW factor, since they didn't tell me they did that, this is a pretty great place.
they're honest, fairly priced and quick.
i recommend this place to anyone that drives and does not fix their vehicle themselves.
and they did make up for the interlock by replacing my gas cap at no charge to me.
at least the owner made the effort and that goes a very long way with me.

Jake's been taking care of our cars for almost 7 years.
He's very trustworthy and fair.

The last shop I went to rounded off my oil drain plug, so after putting off my oil change as long as I could (shame on me!).
I did some searching on yelp I found Tempe Auto Repair which had some great reviews so I was sold!
Walked in and the owner Bill greeted us.
Took care of us and fixed the problem.
Tempe Auto Repair is friendly, honest, well priced.
Will definitely bring my car back and so should you!

You don't really gotta worry about these guys overcharging you for work and I live right next to them and get my oil changed all the time and just walk home instead of waiting there.
I love the set up.
Anyway, heres to more 2012 reviews Tempe Auto Repair

I went in for an air filter and oil change on my '04 Jetta.
Also, my engine was partially misfiring after a trip back from LA over the weekend, and after the oil and filter changes it got worse, stalling out the vehicle.
Turned out there was a leak in a  vacuum line that I'd had "fixed" previously in St. Louis.
Not only did they waive the diagnostic fee for me, they corrected the vacuum line on the fly on my way out.
Great service, honest guys, and a short wait time.
Yes, please.

My family has been taking our cars here since the 1990s.
I live in Chandler and still drive all the way in to Tempe because there is no other auto place I trust.
They have always been fair, honest, and very reasonable.
As a female, I know most auto repair shops can, and do, take advantage of female customers.
Not at Tempe Auto Repair.
No matter where you live in the valley, it is worth the trip to bring your car here because you will have peace of mind knowing they are taking good care of your car and will always treat you right!

After everyone's "connection" to a mechanic failed me, I turned to my trusty friend Yelp.
My car's check engine light was on and needed to pass emissions.
Tempe Auto was fast, professional, and honest.
I had taken the car to another shop and they said it would take a few days to fix- these guys had it done in a few hours.
They said they work with lots of students/ out of state parents.
(Luckily my dad was in town at the time...and I'm not even a student anymore.
I am, however, a spoiled brat.
)    I recommended the shop to a friend who had a mystery issue with his car.
They ran diagnostics/checked it out and didn't find anything wrong.
They didn't charge him anything.
Check em out!

Recently needed to get my mom's car tuned up, oil change and what not.
Found this place on Yelp and was completely pleased with the service.
Totally recommend!

Just moved up to Tempe, found these guys on Yelp and needed some routine car work done so I figured I'd go check them out.
Made an appointment the day before--guy said an oil change/tire rotation would take about an hour--showed up on time and they were done in 30 minutes and for $30.
Couldn't have asked for quicker service, and the friendly staff was a bonus (I spoke with Jim).
They now have a new repeat customer.

Needed some Maintenance and repairs for my Lexus and just couldn't stomach another bill from the dealership.
Tempe Auto (Jim) really took care of me.
I don't live far the shop and since it was going to take all day they gave me ride back to my home.
Not only did it end up taking only 1/2 day the price was less then half of the dealership cost.
I couldn't be more happy.
Excellent customer service and no issues with any of the repair work.
Thanks Tempe Auto Repair.

Asked them to help me check a car that I was about to buy off of an ASU student, who came along with me.
A younger mechanic told me that there were leaks, and the tires were old, whereas an older manager-seeming guy (his name was Jack) came out and started chatting with the student, told him he knew his brother, and turned around to me and told me that there was no problem with the car.
He didn't even report a loss light cap.
Getting mixed messages from a mechanic is a big no-no.
Even if he was trying to establish personal connections, putting another customer's safety in jeopardy is unacceptable.
Never returning again.

Just left Tempe Auto Repair, found them on yelp (Thank you!!).
I needed an oil change (way over due) 2.
My drain hose that is supposed to drain the air conditioning was clogged...soaking my passenger seat floor.
Everyone I spoke with on the phone was nice and welcoming.
When I arrived I got the pleasure of meeting Bill.
LOVE HIM!
Might be because I am from the Boston and so is his wife and he lived in NH for some time too or it could be because he unclogged my drain hose for FREE!
Bill let me know that 2 gallons of water came out of my car.
After a year I have finally found my West Coast mechanic!
I definitely recommend the Tempe Auto Repair.
Thanks Bill, oh and thank you to Chris who drove me back to work after i dropped off my car :)

I'm new to AZ.
So finding a great auto repair shop was easy with YELP!
I chose Tempe Auto Repair!
This was the best experience in auto care I've ever seen.
Yelp reviews were right on the money.
I brought my truck in for running rough, no power, and a check engine light.
Two hours later they called me and told me what was wrong with the truck.
Gave me the price to fix it.
The next day I dropped it off at 7 am and it was ready before lunch!
It was also $214.00 cheaper than the quote.
My truck passed emissions with flying colors.
If you want great service with great pricing THESE GUYS ARE THE BEST IN TEMPE.

So happy to find this place, they are affordable and have done wonders for my older vehicle.

After about a month my Camry started leaking oil again...This is most positively because of the wrong oil filter and plug that was jammed into my car by Tempe Auto Repair...they even fired the guy who did it so I can't say everyone there now is clueless but that guy definitely was.
Unfortunately, when I got on the phone with them they said they fixed it to the best of their ability and I was shit out of luck basically.
Real nice guys but I was hopping they could have temporarily stopped the oil leak like they did before when their guy f*ed it up.
I was not even expecting them to completely restore my 2001 Camry with 200,000 miles...oh well I found my new place, American 5 Star where they stand behind their work.

They have done all the work on my Chrysler 300 that includes tie rods, air filter systems etc.
They have done it a better job then any other shop and at a fair price.
Me or my girlfriend won't go anywhere else for our auto work

Took my 1988 jeep wrangler in for a oil pan seal and rear diff.
Victor took very good care of me.
I was shopping around for the best price in town and they blew every other shop out of the water.
They treated me very well so the service, maintenance, and cost were all 5 stars.
I will always take my car to them from now on.

