I have no idea what the appeal of this place is.
Sure, the view is fantastic but thats really it.
The food was just ok...there was nothing spectacular or mouth watering about anything we ordered.
I was slightly dissapointed that we "wasted" a whole dinner in Phoenix here....I feel that there were many other great restaurants we could have gone to.

set the scene-   party of 5 staying at the hotel for business   more then half empty restaurant half to wait a half hour for a table that could accommodate us sat at ginormous table waiter comes by after we sit, of course we are not ready at this point, dont see her again for a whole 20 minutes order 2 bottles of wine, salads, entrees salad was good but certainly would not classify that dressing as caesar entrees - lets just say that not one person felt that they could not prepare their food better, at home  pretty sure my mashed potatoes were powdered    had a better meal the next night in the lobby bar

Really, the appeal is the view, which is fantastic.
The food was ok.
The atmosphere was ok.

Wow, I'm going to have to show this to my friend who thought I was "being too picky" when in essence, he obviously  has some simple ass taste buds.
It started out wonderfully.
The sun was about 1/2 hour from setting and casting that orange glow that Phoenix does so well.
We went there for the ambiance.
I offered to treat.
Little did I know, I was in for a treat and it sure as hell wasn't a good one.
So we get Kathy (I think that was this crappy waitress' name).
She takes my friend's drink order and I'm still deciding and she just walks away.
No "I'll be back" or anything customer service-y like that.
Then she comes back and takes my drink order.
Fine.
She suggests the Pork chops and even though I eat 90% vegetarian, I go with her suggestion.
Cause the alternative is one boring salad choice.
It comes back pink and rubbery.
What the--?I don't give a crap what anyone says, pork ain't supposed to be pink.
That  means it ain't cooked and I ain't eating it.
So I send it back and it comes back clearly microwaved for a few seconds and guess what?
Still freakin' pink on the inside.
Lovely!
So this girl asks if I want to try the  Chilean Sea Bass.
Ok, now I've had too much alcohol and I'm not thinking properly cause that shit's endangered - - very politically incorrect but I'm near my boiling point  so I  agree and think surely something's getting spit in or on.
Well, she brings out beers stating that "he bought you  2 beers for the trouble".
Huh?
He who?
The waiter?
The manager?
And she damn near slams them on the table.
Now I'm about to ghetto but my friend just casts me a look that puts me in check.
So the sea bass finally comes and you are seriously not going to believe this-----it was pink and pretty much undercooked.
And of course, I had her take it back and then it came back flaky.
I ate a few forkfuls but was pretty much frickin done at that point and now burdened with a 3-beer buzz within 1.5 hours.
Not good.
That's why they put the restaurant on top of those damn rocks so you'll be distracted away from the crappy service, mediocre food, ignorant help, and gouging prices.
There is no way that food is worth what they charge.
And I agree 100% with the other reviewer that I could have made that shit at home.
Cooked thoroughly and a helluva lot tastier and I didnt go to culinary school.
There's so much more to bitch about people but I'll stop right here or you'll be scrolling down forever.
I apologize for all the cussing.
I don't normally in my reviews cause I think it's tacky.
But this review could not have been true to itself without these appropriate words.
I can't believe I tipped that jerk.
What the heck was I thinking.
One star and that's only for the view.
DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE FOOD!
DRINKS MAYBE SO YOU CAN GET THE VIEW BUT THATS IT!

OK, it's not as bad as all of these reviews are making it out to be.
In fact I hear they have a lovely brunch which is somewhat famous.
However, I did order the steak and lobster and was still hungry when I had cleaned my plate.
And I am a pretty small girl.
The salads were good, hubby's osso bucco was great, but honestly if I order the most expensive damn thing on the menu, I expect to leave full which I did not.
Best Cosmo I've ever had.
We would probably go back except now that I have seen all of these reviews I am afraid we just got lucky.... or they expected that we'd be big tippers.

I'm seeing some pretty serious negativity in other Yelper's thought processes on Top of the Rock but I have to tell you, it was a fantastic fine dining experience for my birthday this month.
We ordered the pow-bang triple appetizer.
I forget what it was really called, but it was pricy.
Everything is.
The portions are not the kind that stuff you, certainly, but the flavor of each piece on this appetizer tray was exquisite.
Really!
Lovely presentation, as well.
We were so happy with the three that we decided to get another appetizer, the crab cake.
Here's what we said:  "Wow, tons of crab!
" "Some crab cakes are too bready and mushy but this is so perfect!
" "Oh, darn, should we order another?
"  Then, there was the entrees... Sea Bass (tender and yet hearty) Duck (succulent and cooked to perfection) Scallops (to die for!
)  We all shared, and each one of us oohed and ahhed over each bite.
I got a free desert for my birthday.
I asked the waiter if he'd allow me to have the strawberry romanoff dish for free, even though it was $20 on the menu.
He didn't even pause to say yes.
The strawberries were still too frozen after the flaming, but the dish was delish!
Happy birthday, it was!
Loved the ambiance.
Loved the service.
Loved the food.
I'll be back!

We ordered the tasting menu, which coupled each course with a different wine.
The food was well prepared and presented.
The wine was fine but, sadly, the restaurant was a tad stingy with the pour.
The glasses emptied too quickly.
There was another serving faux pas.
Plates were cleared before everyone was finished a course.
At an Applebee's, I can forgive that.
At restaurant with pretensions of class, it isn't done.
For the slow eaters, it creates a sense of hurry.
It undercuts the atmosphere that a good restaurant would try to create.

I'm surprised by all the 1 star reviews.
Is it really that awful here?
Of course, if I had to pay the bill, I might be pickier, but since work was picking up the bill I'm giving Top of the Rock 4 stars.
Since there were about 20 of us, we had a more edited selection and we made our choices the day before.
I had the caesar salad which I thought was really good and enjoyed the parmesan crisps.
For my main I went with the NY strip steak.
It was a really big piece of meat and well cooked.
The mashed potatoes were a little on the chunky side, but hey some people like it that way.
The only real disappointment was the dessert.
I don't remember the exact description, but I was under the impression that it was going to be some sort of vanilla cake.
What came out instead was basically flan and I HATE flan.
I was so bummed, I'd been suffering through 8 hours of meeting for my dessert!
My coworker was kind enough to offer me some of her chocolate mousse cake and it was so rick that I could only manage a bite (probably a good thing!).
Anyway, I thought the service here was great.
It was pretty empty at 7 PM on a Thursday night, so service was very attentive and efficient.
The view at sunset is definitely worth 5 stars on its own.
It's fairly pricey, so unless you have a generous company picking up the bill, it's probably best for a special occasion.

I don't think this restaurant deserves a single star.
The location is lovely, the view wonderful and the staff very friendly.
A bit slow on the service, but very friendly: my glass of water always full, bread constantly and my wine refilled without asking.
The ambience is very nice and would work great for a romantic dinner, but also for a group meeting.
The food was ok.
The menu had a lot of variety and  the description of each meal promised a succulent experience but when I tasted it the blend of the flavors was quite not there.
Don't get me wrong, the meat was well cooked, the fish was nice...it is just that I could not detect well the interesting combination of flavors that I saw described.
The portions were nice and you certainly feel satisfied when you are done with your courses.
I love a quiet restaurant where you can enjoy conversation while you eat: definitively I was able to do that in addition of enjoying a wonderful view.
My only other complaint is the parking...this restaurant is part of the Marriott resort and valet is the only option.
On Friday night they only had one person to take care of the valet for the hotel and the restaurant (which was surprising) so, of course, I had to wait a good 10 minutes to get my car taken when I arrived and another 5-10 when I left.
Finally, the restaurant has a nice bar downstairs from which you also can enjoy the view.
It has a pool table so it looks like a great place to hang out with friends.

Great, fantastic, awesome experience.
My friends from Romania got into town and for their first American meal, I took them here.
I was hesitant, since I had never been here before, and saw the negative reviews here on Yelp.
I'm glad we went.
It was restaurant week, so we ordered off the prix fixe menu for $29 per person.
We got ahi, salads, filets, lamb, creme brulees, molten lava cakes, bananas foster.... oh my!
The Romanians had never had filet mignon, and didn't really understand it.
They kept eating it saying "how can it be so tender?
"  "is this real cow, or fake?
" LOL  The restaurant knew it was their first day ever in America, so the manager, the chef, everyone came over to welcome them.
In addition, they gave us the table with an awesome view of the entire city.
To conclude, our waiter offered to give us a brief tour, and photographed all of us together in various locations.
I really, really was impressed.

Day 2 of Az Restaurant week fared sooo much better!
We made reservations at Top of the Rock.
We had been there about five years ago for some occasion....birthday or something.
We remembered it being good and the view to be fabulous...and we were not disappointed once again.
We were seated immediately and our server (Rod) was friendly and had a good sense of humor.
He was thrilled we were there for Restaurant week (good start!
)  My husband started with the seared Ahi and I had the Gnocchi.
Both tasted fabulous and the presentation was lovely!
Our main courses (he had lamb, I had salmon) were also terrific.
My salmon was perfectly cooked with an interesting chutney like topping and asparagus.
Yum.
And for desert we had bananas foster and the molten lava chocolate cake!
Now THIS was a fabulous menu and so worth the price!
Obviously Top of the Rock was showcasing their wares and wanted us to come back!
And we will!

Hadn't been here in a while.
I remember the decline from absolutely classic in the 80's-90's to quite mediocre in recent years.
But I must say, Top of the Rock is back.
The ambiance has always been spectacular.
Service has been mostly good.
But the food is the part that is clearly making a come-back.
We have gone here a few times recently, most notably for the well known champagne brunch, and had a great time.
Just beware that the brunch is all-you-can eat, and there's a great selection from the omelet bar to the raw bar to the always underrated pastries.
Maybe a hike around the property after your feast?

So, we went here during restaurant week and I had really "high" expectations, pun intended.
The view was amazing, the service was good to start with, however the food wasn't that exciting.
It was fine, and I ate it all, however nothing to write home about.
The closer we got to the end of the meal, the less and less we saw our server.
Spent almost 10 minutes waiting for our dessert and then another 10, after we finished dessert, to receive our check.
Where I come from, when you order dessert, it implies that the check should follow soon after.
Probably won't go back.

It was nice to relax for dinner on night this week and if you want to relax this is the place to do it at.
The view is just amazing and the staff was very friendly.
I had the Rib eye steak and it was cook just perfect.
Blue cheese potatoes were really good but I think the Blue Cheese was a bit over powering for the potatoes.
I also had some cake for desert but the ice cream  had started to melt and the cake was a bit dry.
For the price I expected a bit better on the details like that.
In the end it was worth the trip for the view.

I went on a weekday during Arizona Restaurant week.
The food was fantastic - classic food done really well (rack of lamb) or new twist on a familiar dish (sweet potato gnocchi with chorizo).
Our waiter was friendly and attentive.
The wine flight was excellent.
The only subpar dish was the dessert  - prepared in individual servings resulted in the bread pudding becoming rather dry, however the flavors were quite nice.
I can't wait to try their brunch.

Remarkably beautiful building with a stunning view.
Those alone are worth a trip for dinner here.
Food was better than the average, but could be better for the price.
Hard to get to if you are unfamiliar to PHX.
Valet the only way to park, otherwise, you have a long walk.
We will eat here again.

Christmas Brunch...awsome!
We went here after doing the family at home meal on Christmas Eve.
It wasn't very busy which made it even better.
The crepes were a huge hit at our table.
I had prime rib, a custom omelet, salad with raspberries and walnuts, seafood, etc etc etc.
Yes, I was stuffed after I ate as were the rest of my family.
But it was so good, you hate to leave a brunch when there is good food right there.
I would go back for the holiday brunch anytime.
The staff was also very attentive and efficient.

I was there this week with a group of colleagues.
We arrived at 8 PM.
Two of them were starving and ordered dinner.
It arrived at 9:40, a full one hour and 40 minutes later.
One of the soups arrived cold and had to be returned.
Buffalo Chicken was like McDonald's chicken nuggets.
Terrible and inexperienced service.
The 22 year-old girl was trying really hard; she was terribly nice and apologetic but her service experience was SO limited.
Not one year or vintage was even posted on the wine list (so that tells you all you need to know about that situation).

MY wife and I spend our first honeymoon at the Buttes and we had dinner at this restaurant.
I am not really a big spender for dinner or fine dining either but spending my money here that night was worth remembering.
I will repeat what the previous food critic said... GREAT FOOD & GREAT VIEW.

This new menu at Top of the Rock is unreal!
Absolutely amazing--with the addition of new Chef de Cuisine Akos Szabo and Executive Chef Gregory Wiener, this restaurant has been brought to a whole new level!
From locally sourced ingredients & amazing views of Tempe, to live music and exquisite service, this place is a MUST try!
One of my new favs in the valley!
Check out the grilled, honey lime shrimp, the mouth watering Pan Seared Baja scallops and White Marble Farms' Pork Tenderloin--- each bite melts in your mouth!
For dessert, the grapefruit cardamom panna cotta and chocolate mousse are literally to die for!
A++++++++++!!!

This was our second try at the Top of the Rock.
To be honest there are a few reasons I cannot give this 5 stars, so lets start with that so I can end on a high note.
First off, $5.00 for valet or you get to park down a steep hill and walk to the place.
I think for the overall price point offering valet  to patrons should be free, of course tipping your valet when you leave.
The other reason,  the decor of the place.
It feels really dated, granted the view at sundown is amazing, but still there needs to be a little updating.
Lastly, our server, she was very nice, and pleasant however she did offer us bread... OK, OK  maybe she did save our waistlines, but at the end of our meal we saw what looked like delicious rolls brought to another table and we all wondered why we not offered any, I mean hey, we get the option to be fatties, right?
Side note, the servers also wore jeans....not a huge deal, but did not help the ambiance...  Now on to the drinks, I had a prickly pear margarita, it was way too sweet for me (I should have known better so not issue there), the hubby had not one but two of their kiwi caipirinha's.
I followed up with a regular Margarita on the rocks, it was decent.
OK now the food.
We started with the shrimp appetizer, we ordered two, one for each couple to split.
They were grilled with honey and lime, and had house made potato gnocchi.
There was a mixture of mission figs, chorizo and cheese that accompanied the shrimp.
The dish was down right awesome.
The flavors were very well balanced and the shrimp were cooked perfectly.
We were all very impressed.
Each of the four of us had our own main dish.
I had the seasonal veggi dish.
Lets just start off with the fact that yes, you can mess up vegetables, but these were great.
Artisan carrots, broccolini, asparagus, buttery pieces of brussle sprouts, pouched beets all over your choice of purple roasted potatoes, red quinoa, their specialty french fries, and their might have been another choice, but I got the quinoa.
It was great, and  I am not a vegetarian BTW, but I wanted something lighter to eat (so dam hot out) and this was honestly good and filling.
The husband had the chicken and dumplings which I had a bight of, it was a little salty for my pallet, but he sang its praise.
It was made with gnocchi too.
The other couple with us had the pork tenderloin which was melt in your mouth fantastic, and the pan-seared scallops.
These scallops were huge!
I am totally picky about scallops, I only like em small, so I passed, but both my husband and the person who ordered the dish said they were great.
Finally, desert.
We were all honestly full, but I could not pass up the bread pudding.
We all kind of split it.
House made cinnamon ice cream with queen creek pears.
We were all pleasantly surprised at how good it was.
I do wish there was a better chocolate option on the menu, but that's OK I guess.
Over all, I am looking forward to returning to Top of the Rock!
The service, was great, the food was eclectic, gourmet and unexpected.
I really enjoyed this place our second time around.
Oh, the bill for five drinks, two apps, four dinners, two espressos, and a dessert was $190.00 (without tip)!
That's a great deal in my book!

I hadn't been to Top of the Rock in several years, so glad I went back.
The whole staff was excellent!
Especially our server Laura, she made some great suggestions, and checked on us several times.
To top it all off the chef brought us samples of his favorite desserts, they were delicious and best of all they were on the house!
Great view, fantastic food!
I will be back!

Everything about this restuarant was phenominal!
Steak served over a bed of sausage and potato gnocci - brilliant.
The food was outstanding and only rivaled by the expertise of the staff.
Laura and Anthony were experts on the menu, ingredients, and tequila!
We learned so much about the surronding area my listening to them describe the local farms where the ingredients came from.
We will be back for sure.

I don't think they are THE place to eat, but I think they offer good quality meal and also good place for biz dinner / date.
Service was perfect, our server was attentative and also atractive.
Location is odd, as it is a part of the resort hotel, and for "outsider" you have to do valet parking or hike up the hill to get there (kiddin, there's also an elavator)   Overall this was good place to dine and happy with it.

Very cool location, awesome views, awesome service, and I actually didn't pay for valet so not sure why others stated they did.
The drawbacks....
It's expensive, drinks, food and portions were good but not spectacular, and the bar table we sat at was way too small and barley fit our three plates of food.
Tip- chorizo nachos!
Tip- steer clear of the cucumber Marg.
no bueno!

This place has the best view of anywhere in the Valley.
Words don't do it justice - we were lucky enough to show up for our reservation as a massive storm was rolling from the East Valley towards Phoenix, the sky divided.
Wow.
The inside of the place is nice, too.
Very date-y kinda place all around.
With such a gorgeous setting, I wouldn't have been surprised if the place slacked on food.
Such was not the case.
Top of the Rock makes a real effort to use locally sourced products, from the produce to the cheese to the beer, which is always a good sign.
We started with a shrimp dish.
Almost everything about the dish was great - housemade gnocchi, local sausage, figs, a subtle honey-lime sauce.
Sadly, the shrimp didn't live up to the rest of the dish.
It was overcooked and rubbery.
Still enjoyable!
The highlight of the night was the salmon dish, served over quinoa.
Some of the best salmon I've had.
In stark contrast to the shrimp, it was simply prepared, tender, and moist.
The only complete letdown of the night was the vegetables.
Having been lucky enough to go to Noca a few weeks earlier, we'd just had perfectly prepared seasonal roasted vegetables that provide a perfect counterargument to people who think a plate full of veggies need be bland or boring.
This was the opposite - blandly prepared vegetables in a buttery-tasting sauce that didn't really justify the price tag.
Top of the Rock is a great place for a cocktail, some nosh, and would be a great start to a romantic night on the town.

Went here tonight for my hubby's birthday.
We're new to town and so I relied almost entirely on reviews to figure out where to take him for this special occasion.
Valet made parking easy, and there was no fee other than the tip.
We were not disappointed with our choice to have dinner here.
We arrived shortly before sunset and were seated right by the windows.
Our server had great recommendations and we loved the heirloom tomatoes and taco appetizers.
For main courses, we ordered the pork belly and the fried chicken.
Yum!
We were surprised afterwards with a complimentary mousse dessert for the birthday.
Very pleased with views, food, and service.
No complaints here.
All throughout dinner, they had live entertainment.
Tonight it was a man, his guitar, and cover songs,and it really set the mood and everyone there seemed to be in good spirits.
Can't wait to come back in a month or two to sample the fall menu.
Seems like a great place for special occasions and dates because it offers something different than most restaurants around.

Hands down, the BEST place to order a rib eye steak.
Mind you, it is rather pricy, but definitely worth it.
I have never eaten a more perfect piece of meat.
This was our first time here and we had never eaten food like this before so we were stepping outside of the box.
As an appetizer we had a summer salad which we did not like and did not eat.
I think it was the feta (which they put on just about everything), and the weird tasting lemon lime maple vinaigrette dressing.
Other than that, the chef brough us out a sample of his own since it was our first time, they have awesome wine, and our server was such a sweetheart.
The view and lighting was pretty amazing too.
It is a very relaxing environment and I would definitely go back.

Great view.
Slow poor service.
Bar service is good, restaurant service sucks.
Looks like young inexperienced staff--not to be expected for how this places touts itself or what the prices are.
It took forever to get our food.
We had a $50 Groupon and it was so slow they comped our meail--and I am not coming back to use the Groupon--or for any other reason.
Food was good, but high prices in the restaurant and no frills--no bread, no salt & pepper on the table.
This place was such a huge disappointment--I have been here many times in the long past, but never again.
The atmosphere is crowded --overly so--and you can hardly hear each other talk--the made more than half of the restaurant into the bar--and that's the only place for good service.
There are other places with views--I will not go here again.
You go out to a nice place not just for the food, most especially the exprience.
Awful.

We came here with a groupon, which I'm glad because the food was definitely over priced.
It wasn't bad, but, I expected more.
I ordered the scallops, which were $28.
They came with a sauce made of amaranth, beets, and I can't remember the rest.
Anyway, on the menu it sounded like the sauce was a side dish, not a sauce.
So I was a little surprised when only three very large sea scallops were brought out to me on a plate and nothing else.
I mean, for 28 bucks, at least give me a veggie on the side!
My husbands dish was the same.
He ordered the pork belly, and the discription on the menu was also for a sauce, and not a side dish (his was some kale sauce).
Both dishes were good, the scallops were not over or undercooked; the pork belly had a very nice bbq sauce on it, but, still, for that price tag, I feel we got gypped, even with the groupon.
(the pork was 26)   On a different note, the service was great, and the view was superb.
You can see almost all of phx from that spot!
Absolutely breath-taking.
Is the view worth paying so much for the food?
Not in my humble opinion.
I think there are plenty of high dollar places out there (if one wants to spend boucoup bucks on food) that will actually give you a better run for your money......(Feast, in Tucson, for example)

First I want to state that they have changed their concept and menu so don't listen to old reviews as it's not the same restaurant.
I really liked this place the view was amazing and valet was free.
This being said yes it's pricey but you get what you pay for and that's local ingredients.
Their concept now supports local farms and farms in California that are organic.
I had a glass of Louis Martini Cab to go with my meal and it was wonderful.
I ordered the pork belly and was a little hesitant because it was combined with pear and I wasn't sure that would go well together.
I was very glad my server recommended it because it was some of the best pork belly I've ever had.
Our server Laura Carrol was very nice and always on top of our needs.
She made the dining experience top notch.
She was also very knowledgeable of the menu and if she didn't know the answer she went to ask the chef.
I will totally come back and I will again look for a groupon because it helps on the hit to the wallet.

First I want to say that I went to Top of the Rock during restaurant week and was able to purchase a whole meal for $50.
The restaurant was beautiful and driving up to it was very fun.
We got a table right by the window and looked out over Tempe for our meal.
As far as the view goes it was amazing and I would go back just for that.
The inside of the restaurant was lovely with a very unique type of glass lodge decor.
The vaulted ceiling is beautiful.
The hostess was very friendly and seated us quickly.
Our server on the other hand was just a bit annoying.
He was loud and swore occasionally.
Now while I don't have anything against swearing it was weird for it to happen here, even though the words were very mild (hell, damn).
He had another table right next to us and they were so loud.
He contributed to it and eventually it just became something my boyfriend and I watched while eating our food because it was just, well, there.
It was annoying because most of the rest of the restaurant was empty and I really wanted to move because of how loud it was.
We should have asked to move but I always feel awkward about that.
Now the food was a completely different story.
It was amazing.
My boyfriend had their Scottish salmon dish and I had a filet of beef.
Oh my it was amazing!
My food was so good I would willingly pay $30 for it again.
The sauce was a perfect compliment to the fingerling potatoes and the thin slices of sausage.
The salmon was cooked perfectly and the sauce meshed well with everything on the plate.
I really enjoyed the food and after the loud table left and out server went and bothered someone else I had a great time.
I would definitely go back but if we get the same server I'll ask for someone else!

The view here is better than the food.
The food was okay, but definitely way tooooo expensive for its quality.
I had the belly pork which was good just SO small.
My boyfriend had a chicken dish which was good but not anything special.
Our waitress was okay, but I didn't think service was exceptional either.
If you go here, go for the view and atmosphere!

I ate here on a business trip out of necessity, but the service and the salmon were both excellent.
Nice local beer selection as well.
I plan to go back on my next trip, I enjoyed it that much.
All in all, very impressed and highly recommended.

Too dark and loud.
Some tables have very poor views.
Food OK but service disorganized.
Over priced for the value.
Will not eat there again.

This review is of happy hour 5-7 pm on the restaurant patio ONLY.
Fire pit, gorgeous views, quality but small selection of wine, beer, cocktails, appetizers all $5-7.
Great service.
Free valet.
Love the fire pit and comfy chairs.
Had the smoked salmon tostada, tiny but delicious with lime sour cream on the side.
The "taquitos" are really tiny soft tacos but they are really good--it's about taste, not huge portions.
Yelp check in resulted in a free drink--woo!
The view is amazing and happy hour starts out light and ends w/ beautiful sunset views.
Great for happy hour.

The view is definitely worth seeing.
My fiance and I have been here twice.
Once for Valentine's Day and a second time for a wedding reception.
We actually pass this restaurant on the I-10 quite often and we would have never thought the view would be amazing.
I actually don't remember the food all that much but the atmosphere was great.
If the weather is nice out they'll allow outdoor dining but I'm sure with a little coaxing the Maitre d' will turn on the heaters and fire pit for you.
Bring a coat/jacket/sweater in case.
The service was amazing and the waiters were very helpful.
Sunset is obviously the best time to go.
During colder months I would suggest going in an hour before just so you're not stuck in the cold weather.
You will be treated to the bright lights of Phoenix and the airplanes that go in and out of Phoenix International Airport.
But don't worry you don't hear any noise from the airport or the nearby freeway.
The wedding reception followed a beautiful ceremony that took place below the restaurant near the pool/waterfall.
I think they fit about 200 guests in the entire restaurant.
The appetizers were decent and the buffet was typical nothing out of this world.
I would definitely rank this one of Phoenix's best restaurants with a view.
Perfect for any romantic dinner or social event.

We've dined at Top of the Rock several times in the last couple of months.
Each time  our meals were delicious.
We're vegetarians and they have a couple of choices for us and are also willing to modify/create dishes if necessary.
The servers we had were all very friendly and provided excellent service.
The service was prompt and we never felt like we were waiting for our food to arrive.
Even if it did take long, it would give us more time to enjoy the view.
It's always nice and the resort grounds are incredible too.
I'm not sure why they have received negative reviews.
Our experience has always been nothing short of exceptional.
Some of the prices are higher than a typical restaurant, but that is to be expected for a resort restaurant.
We know that we are paying for the ambiance and the views.
Like any restaurant, I'm sure there is an occasional glitch here and there, but in my opinion, this restaurant in definitely worthy of more than one star that some reviewers have left.

Let's be honest...this is one of the only outdoor restaurants with an elevated view over the valley.
Given Arizona's weather, this is a great place to go for drinks or host an event on the patio.
Patroned Top of the Rock for a friends birthday party and had a wonderful time.
The service was spot on with a buffet of snacks with everyone cozied up around the fire pit.
The complimentary valet parking is a must.
Be sure to go make your own memories

We had a wonderful meal tonight with impeccable service.
What a view!
This will be my new "go to" place for out-of-town visitors.
I hadn't dined here for many years and I was so impressed by the quality of the food.
Since we came in early, we took advantage of some happy hour priced cocktails.
Our entrees were the Scottish salmon and beef tenderloin -- both highly recommended!
Thanks to the Chefs at Top of the Rock!

service WAY TOO SLOW...
It's a very pricy restaurant, which it will be ok with me if it meet my expectations, but not at all!

The most remarkable part was the view for sure and I don't think it was really worth the price of the meal.
The meal was just ok and not amazing.
I ate there many times for special occasions years ago and found the food to be much better then.
I also left with a very full stomach.
This meal was definitely not worth the money and if you are a big eater you may stop for fast food on the way home!

This place was fun!
Cool out door seating.
Good food, good service, and there are kitties running around outside!
Little pricey but oh well!

I took my boyfriend here for Father's Day 2012.
Driving into the resort complex and up the winding road was quite lovely, as we arrived at dusk.
However, when we reached the valet stand, no one was there, and after waiting about 10 minutes for an attendant, we parked our own vehicle.
The view was gorgeous, and we were seated in a great location: right by the window overlooking the city.
The restaurant was not very busy and lacked the energy I remembered from my last visit, which was a year ago.
It reminded me of a sleepy ghost town that once bustled with activity but had become dormant.
Our waitress was pleasant, but forgettable: attentive but not especially personable.
We were each given one toasted piece of white bread unannounced after being seated for 15 minutes or so.
I wasn't sure what that was all about....the bread was hard and tough (Olive Garden breadsticks would have been better!).
I ordered an heirloom tomato pasta dish, and my man ordered steak.
I was appalled at the contrast in portion sizes.
The pasta I was given could have easily served 3 or four people (Buca di Beppo style), but my boyfriend's steak was small and more like an appetizer than an entree.
After four or five bites, it was gone.
Along with the steak, his entree included a nondescript vegetable assortment that was sprinkled with what appeared to be small cubes of pork (which he does not eat).
He was not given a choice of side dish, and for close to $40, I would much rather have (in retrospect) taken him to Donovan's for a hearty New York Strip for $60 or $70.
Disappointing (sigh).
As for my pasta, I found the wide egg noodles to be unappealing, reminiscent of tuna noodle casserole.
The tomatoes were baby cherry tomatoes, which were tasty but scant.
The sauce was rather unflavorful and bland.
Buttery, but not garlicky or cheesy.
We skipped dessert altogether.
The view was unparalleled, but I somehow got the sense that the staff relies on it as a crutch to compensate for mediocre food and service.
It would be nice, also, to hear some better music in the background: something more elegant, classy, jazzy... We might need to call Gordon Ramsay for an intervention...this spot has a lot of potential, but needs improvement.
For the money spent, I could have easily raided Whole Foods and cooked up a tasty, substantial meal at home for my man.
If you really want an amazing dining experience, excellent food, exceptional service, and a memorable, intimate, romantic atmosphere, go to Donovan's!
It's by far the best restaurant in the Valley!

Pros: view Cons: rotten greeter at hostess stand; super slow service...and not professional; worst food I had this year; had to ask for salt and the waitress rolled her eyes at me; extremely expensive...$100 for two entrees and a small salad; I could go on and on, but WOW, what a view.
Note: my daughter joined me half way through dinner and she ordered a side of French fries...cold, undercooked (raw in the middle and soggy), and she had to wait 40 minutes prior to receiving them from the server.

I was underwhelmed.
I ordered the filet and it was a nice cut of meat, but the sauce and everything else on the plate was cloyingly sweet.
I couldn't even taste the steak.
That steak cost $44.

The Top of the Rock is at one of the nicest Marriott resorts in Tempe PHX.
After a wonderful day by the pool, you change and just walk up to one of the best views in the area.
Great service, fantastic cocktails, yummy food.
Great for a special occasion with a complimentary dessert of your choice.
They have a good happy hour where you can see the sun set all around.
It is my 4th visit and it is always good.

amazing food, service, and view.
considering having my engagement party here!
will definitely return.
gorgeous facility!
and the food is impeccable!

I ate and drank at the lounge here during a recent summer stay at the Buttes.
I My favorite is the chips - the ones with bacon, blue cheese, and chipotle sauce...YUMM!

View, atmosphere were 5 star, service 3 star, and food 2 star (for the record got fries for the app (not good) grilled chicken (ok) and filet (good) great place for a romantic dinner, however food was okay at best, definitely not worth the expensive price (145 for meal for 2, appetizer, bottle of wine) I was ok with the price because I knew it would be expensive going in, but the price paid was for the overall experience, not the food.

Perfect.
Flawless.
Euphoric.
Those are just 3 words to describe the amazing Thanksgiving brunch I enjoyed today with my family, at Top of The Rock.
Each item of food that I tried (and I tried just about all of them) was exceptional.
Usually at an all you can eat thing, there's a few letdowns, but there weren't any at Top of The Rock.
The scenery was absolutely brilliant.
If the weather permits, sit on the patio, and enjoy one of the most fantastic views in The Valley.
The service was *stellar*.
Our waitress (I think her name was..
Jamie?
) was one of the best I've ever had.
So was the turkey, and all the other stuff!
The sushi was great too, and put many restaurants which specialize in sushi to shame.
The desserts were almost too adorable to eat.
I'm pretty sure I tried about 6 of the various custards, crème brûlées, tarts, and mousses.
The desserts are made in house, by one obviously amazingly talented pastry chef.
Typically such desserts taste kinda.. soapy, and trucked in... absolutely *not* the case here.
The flavors, caramels sauces and everything else were exquisite, and again that applies to the main dishes, and sides served.
No corners were cut, and I am going to be smiling for days.
I can't wait to return to Top of The Rock for more fantastic experiences in the future.

The resturant was beautiful, food was amazing and delivered pretty fast, and the service was perfect.
My boyfriend took me here for my birthday and I could not have been happier.
Our waitress (I feel bad for not remembering her name) was so plesant, and attentive.
I told her I had to eat gluten free and she made sure they could accomidate me perfectly.
We started off with an appetizer, but before she brought that out, she brought us bread and for me gluten free pita chips and salsa.
Our appetizer was the house fries which were amazing.
I had a chicken dish for my entre and my boyfriend had pork.
They were both absolutely delicious, I had to force myself to eat slow so I could appreciate it.
For dessert the chef surprised me with the most savory flan I have ever had in my life.
Great, now I'm craving the food.
Needless to say, this resturant is worth every penny, I would reccommend it to anyone for any occasion.

Service and food were excellent.
Waitress was very friendly and accommodating.
Dessert was running behind and we were comped a few drinks and got free desserts because it was our anniversary.
Definitely recommend and suggest others ignore any reviews stating the service is horrible.

Had a great time here, wonderful view, great atmosphere, really tasty food.

Mediocre.
Bland, obviously low quality food sold for high prices to captive audiences stuck at the hotel.
First, awesome views from the place.
It would be great for dessert.
Second, awful dirty silverware and glasses.
My butter knife had gunk on it.
That started things off on the wrong food.y wine glass had lipstick and water marks.
The amuse buche had been in the fridge so long it had that familiar funky aftertaste.
It was the best course.
The rest was so unremarkable Its not worth writing about.
Not bad.
Just bland and boring.
Oh, and the wine list is weak.

My wife and I dined here after an Angels game at Diablo Stadium.
We decided to go with the 3-course special and wine pairings, and we were very pleasantly surprised.
Our food was different and excellent, the staff was super courteous and attentive, and the view is fantastic.
Being from California, the wine pairings were nothing to write home about, but they complemented the dishes well.
We will be coming back for sure.

Pros:the food was good and we walked away from the table well satisfied.
Cons: it wasn't as classy a place as we'd expected.
The background (soft rock) music was louder than necessary and the waiter tried a bit too hard.
Overall: we'd go back again when next we're in Phoenix, but this time with expectations suitably adjusted.
The food was good, the rice was reasonable and the view over the valley also added to the ambience.

Great views food and cocktails.

I was very disappointed.
My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary and we will never go back.
The weigh-tress forgot to bring us bread after being asked several times, she was slow on ordering our appetizer, and forgot to bring out our dinner.
Another weightier had to go get it, and by the time we received it, it was cold.
I ordered fish and the piece was smaller than my palm.
The quality, quantity, and service was not worth the price.
It's too bad.
The location is beautiful

This is an awesome place to take your special person for a birthday, anniversary or some other special occasion to take in the view, enjoy the ambiance and just relax.
The menu is not too large and no offerings for vegans.
But, if you like surf and turf, they you are at the right place.
Enjoy the sunset, view of camelback mountain, papago bluffs, and planes coming in on their approach to sky harbor airport.
The service was very good, the food was also pretty good (I ordered the ribeye) and the atmosphere and view amazing.
Enjoy.

Great view and great service.
The food was average.
I ordered the charity dinner which consisted of a small fruit salad, trout w/grits, and a apple gelato and chocolate something.
The fruit salad consisted of about 6 bite size pieces of fruit (two kinds of melon) and about 4 cherry tomatoes with a vinaigrette sauce.
The trout was prepared correctly and had good flavor, but the goat cheese in the grits didn't seem like a good mix.
The dessert wasn't good, the gelato was average and the chocolate looked like an upside down cupcake with a drizzle on top.
The cake was so dense and heavy, it just wasn't that appealing.
The wife had a salmon dinner which was also pretty average.
Go for the views and ambiance, the service will be great but don't expect to be blown away by the food.

Expensive, but with the gorgeous view and tasty food, we still left happy.
Decent portions, too.
I had the duck pastrami salad and their black bass with wild mushrooms.
My wife got the salmon with turnips and radishes, while my mom got plain ol' fried chicken and mashed potatoes.
It was all very good.
Service is very friendly and there tends to be live music.

The service at Top of the Rock is excellent.
Our server Mike was friendly and very knowledgeable.
His ability to talk about the food and wine was very impressive.
The food is amazing!
The salad with the herbs and melon is a must.
It was very refreshing and perfect for a hot summer day.
The BF had a fish appetizer, (sorry I forgot the name) and sea scallops for an entree and he said both were excellent.
He's a food snob, so it takes a culinary home run to impress him.
I had the chef's seasonal vegetable special of the day and that too was fantastic.
Top that with the beautiful views and live music and it doesn't get any better.
I saw another post on here which said there were no offerings for vegans.
I believe that the entree I ordered could have been made vegan.

Very romantic date spot.
Watching the sunset after a monsoon storm is highly recommended.
Watching it on Top of the Rock with a nice bottle of red wine is like spanish fly.

I had a very nice dinner for work at Top of the Rock a few weeks ago.
Everyone seemed to enjoy their food, drink and dessert.
We all met in the bar first.
They had a cocktail, wine and beer selection.
Then we sat down for dinner.
We were a bit late to sit down, but didn't feel pressured by the staff at all.
Thank you!
We had several appetizers; wings of some kind, I didn't try them but they looked OK. What they call lettuce wraps, they tasted good, but it's not what you are expecting, they are like chicken salad on lettuce, but they were good, and couple salads.
For dinner we all ordered different things, I think at least one of everything hit the table.
I had the scallops, very yummy!
I was very happy.
The portions on everything looked a little on the weak side, but I wasn't hungry when I was finished.
Then the desserts..... slightly underwhelming.
The only thing I liked was this banana bread with chocolate thing.
Soooo good!
Everything else was blah.
Other than it being very warm inside we had a good time.
I will for sure recommend them for our next business dinner.
Very nice and friendly staff, and the flow of service was perfect!
Thank you!

Gorgeous views, that's about it.
Service was beyond slow.
Had reservation for table of 6 took 25 mins for drinks, 35 mins for our salads to come.
Salads, not main course.
No apology, nothing.
If you are spending $50+ a head you want a certain level of service and it definitely was not provided at this place.
1 star for the view as it is awesome.
Would never come back here again and would not recommend any friends to come here to eat due to horrendous service.

If you want a nice view go, but if your looking for good service and food go somewhere else.
The price for that kind if service is not worth it.

This place doesn't even deserve 1 star.
The food was terrible, if you like something like church's chicken  you might approve.
We ordered the prawn appetizer; there were 3 1/2 sized  prawns fried and skewered sitting on a GREASY OIL SOAKED napkin with a mayonnaise based dipping sauce on the side....happy hour priced @ $9.00.
The 2nd  appetizer was their cieviche of which ive seen similar representation in the deli department at Albertsons.....not impressive at all, and it was served in a 4oz mason jar with crackers laid out on a plate like Grandma would serve, also $9.00 happy hour priced.
Eeeeeek!
The drinks were also unimpressive, the dirty martini had oils floating on top and the supposed blue cheese olive was a creamy cheap imitation  @ $15.00 ea including the tax!
We had to ask the waiter twice for napkins, by the time he brought them we had finished the 3 measly greasy shrimp!
Sadly, the best part of the outing were the mints at the door on the way out.
Never, never, never!
What a gigantic disappointment!

I do not know what is going on at this place.
It used to be a lot nicer.
I know that they are fising this whole place up to be high end again.
But, they should just shut it down and start fresh.
Shut it down, remodel, and reopen.
We were staying at the hotel here so we wanted to give them some business.
We went at happy hour.
The server suggested some really good food items actually we ordered about 4 things.
They were all really good.
The best thing was those Canadian french fries.
They were really great!
We ordered those on suggustion of our server.
Glad we did.
All the food was good , but those were best.
It just looks old and dirty and worn out in there.
THe Manager was standing around doing nothing the whole time.
I thought maybe he should of been more pro active helping the staff.
They were not slammed but, you can always help your people.
If not why even be out there helping.
I hope they fix it up nice again then we will be back.
But, for the prices they charge on everything it is just not all that.

Great View!
Great Service!
Great Food!
We will be going back!

The staff treated our group like we were poor and didn't have any money to spend on dinner and drinks.
They also told us that all of the tables had reservations and when we were finally seated, NONE of the tables around us filled up, it was almost empty in the restaurant.
I have never received service as bad as this place.
I ordered a sangria, the waitress "forgot" that I ordered it, whilst I waited over 30 minutes to receive my drink.
This place is just all over terrible service.
If I could rate them 0/5 stars I would.
The food was not that great for the price, and when I finally got my sangria it was so heavily spiced with cinnamon I could barely drink it.
Hopefully they have improved since I went there, as it was 2 years ago, and I finally got around to reviewing this place.

I've been here 5-6 times.
Always impressed in the past but not this time.
Service was quick and good.
Menu has changed from the French-American fare I've loved to a local, add ingredients by how exotic they sound menu now.
View was okay except for the reflection of the football game from the bar in every window.
Nice place, they need to return to their roots

Love the free yelp drink at check-in.
Happy hour $5 nachos are amazing.
The atmosphere is amazing.
It's a Tempe gem.
Next time I will stay away from the $13 salad.
It was too small, and the squash was harder than a rock.
on the bright side....Sercice was good.

Believe the bad reviews here.
This restaurant is located at The Buttes Marriott Resort.
I am a Marriott Platinum member and have been for years.
This is the worst I have ever eaten at a Marriott.
Ever.
Just stay away.
2 stars just for the view - if there weren't drinks and it wasn't my anniversary, I would've given 1 star.

Forget about the elegant fine dinig  you used to find here.
They have thrown away the white table cloths and turned on some smallish TVs broadcasting sports.
The menu is farm-to-table, locavore, and actually pretty good -- overpriced, of course.
And there isn't much they could do to ruin the view.
Feel free to show up in jeans and don't worry about taking off your baseball cap.
Food: good; Service: slow; Ambience: crappy.
Enjoy!

Having never been here before we decided to have our Christmas day brunch here, and it was amazing.
Prime rib was a beautiful medium rare, turkey had a spicy rub on it and it was delicious, great salads and many other options.
The service was impeccable and views to match.
I would highly recommend this spot for Christmas day.

Let's get right to it, the food was awful.
I'm not talking about just me thinking that, but an entire table of four.
Only one thing out of our whole meal was edible and that was the french fries (Really?
Come on!).
The women both ordered the country fried chicken and fingerlings.
The chicken was cold and overcooked (each lady took two bites).
The fingerlings were also cold and crunchy (way undercooked).
I can attest to this because I also ordered them with my steak and I could not eat them.
The steaks that the guys ordered were undercooked (ordered medium rare), they were purple, bleeding, and the outside did not even have a nice sear.
We explained this to the waitress, yet the manager never came by (how is this even possible?).
Sure he visited every other table, but of course not ours.
We were offered free dessert lol, but declined!
We were warned not to come, but we wanted to take our women out for what we thought was going to be a great valentines dinner.
Wasted memories.
My advice, go somewhere that customers are appreciated and your concerns are taken seriously.
This place is a joke!

Excellent service!!
Super yummy food and great views!
This is our second time eating here and we continue to be impressed.
We will come back again and would recommend to anyone looking for a great meal!

Food was great and so was the view.
We showed up during happy hour and enjoyed a few drinks and apps.
Our service person was great too.
Decided to stay for dinner.
I recommend the pork tacos.
I am not really happy with the hostess, we ask to move to a dinner table outside but was declined.
That meant we ate our entire dinner on a very small happy hour table.
During that time the table we requested was open and was never occupied.
Management should know better to leave a couple at such a small table.

Let's start with what I liked: the view, and the free beer from the Yelp check in.
I wish I had more, but I don't.
The restaurant was small, bland and felt like my grandma's basement.
My free beer was their citrus beer.
They had a very limited selection of draft, so I tried something new.
Big mistake.
It tasted like they squeezed a lemon into a glass of PBR.
It was the first time I ever watered down my own beer to finish it.
Food was decent, but over priced and over fancy.
The B3 Burger was decent, but at $17 (oh, you want fries with that?
$3 more please for about a cup of fries.
) it wasn't worth it.
The rest of the party seemed to enjoy their food though.
Service was terrible.
Except the guy filling waters and cleaning plates.
He was on point, and was the only saving grace.
I had to order my beer twice.
We had to ask for ketchup twice.
Even then, the ketchup came after we all but finished our burgers and fries.
Bottom line: if you want a drink with a view, this is your place.
If you want to eat good food, go elsewhere.

One thing is clear, these people don't know how to run a restaurant.
We made a reservation for 9 on a Thursday evening and were surprised to find that we didn't need a reservation at all, the place was empty.
Even thought we were nearly the only ones there, dinner, for which we only had one course, took 3 hours.
The waitstaff, while not overtly rude, were unattentive and unapologetically uninformed about the menu.
The bright side: the food was great.
We ordered a variety of entrees and everyone was very pleased with the quality and presentation of the food.
Three stars is honestly generous for this experience.
But at least we all left full and satisfied.

How a place that was so slow, could be so bad is beyond me.
Wow one of the worst.
First of all, ordered wine and they brought the wrong kind.
Next we received our order.
The Salmon was raw, my steak was tough.
When they took the fish back they just brought out the same fish, just put it back in the pan and made it like rubber.
The Cook in the back, I say cook, because no way a proper Chief would have sent that food out, He saw I was trying to get someone to come over.
He pointed to the MGR and he looked at me, the MGR took two steps, then turned around and found our waitress and made her walk over.
This place is Awful.
This is a MGT issue.
One guy walked over at the end and asked me how things were.
I said I had a list of things that went wrong.
He said, He did not want to hear them all.
OMG.
Im checking out of the hotel tomorrow.
Never to come back.
Sorry Marriott, This place does not meet your standers.

I came here during Arizona restaurant week in May 2014.
I picked this place over 5 other places I could have gone to, and in the end was somewhat disappointed.
The 3 course meal was $30.
The service was excellent.
I sat outside and enjoyed the view, looking out to downtown.
The appetizer was a veggie cheese plate, and it was good.
For the main course I had a grilled salmon with polenta.
The salmon was excellent, perfectly seasoned, but the polenta was dry and old.
They could have made a new batch, but I'm guessing since it was 30 mins from closing, they didn't want to take the time.
So that's what ruined the meal for me.
I didn't say anything, I don't like to complain.
The dessert was a chocolate ganache with honeycomb.
It was ok, not the best ganache I have had, the honeycomb was old and hard to eat.
Overall I wouldn't go back even at $30.
The chefs clearly were ready to go home for the night.

