An average eatery.
Not a bad choice if you are craving Chinese food on your lunch break and don't have time to go too far.
Other than that, not much to redeem it.

Having moved out of Seattle, which seems to have the worst Chinese food ever (great Thai, just not Chinese -- and that wasn't just me, it was the consensus of all my friends), I admit I wasn't expecting much out of a little hole in the wall in Arizona.
But I had an itch I needed to scratch, so I stopped by and got some takeout.
I was impressed.
No, this is not the best, most impressive Chinese you will ever have.
It is close to typical.
However, there's something about it that makes it just a hair bit better than your *good* average place, and I've found a lot of bad average places, so I think this deserves 4 stars.
Just keep in mind that it is CHEAP and is not going to blow your mind.
But if you're looking for a safe bet for Chinese, head on down here.

I've tried Golden Egg Roll twice.
Once for delivery and once in the restaurant.
BLECH!
Both times.
Actually ICK the first time, MEH slash ICK the second time.
The delivery is quick and efficient.
I ordered the House Fried Rice and a veggie egg fu young.
I was grossed out by the shrimp in the fried rice.
I could SMELL my shrimp before it even entered my mouth.
Sounds normal right?
No it was FUNKY shrimp that was slightly slimy.
Blech.
My Fu Young was unremarkable after you got past the saltiness of the dish.
Months later, I was asked by a coworker to have lunch.
I let her pick the place...
I will never make that mistake again.
She picked Golden Egg Roll.
The restaurant itself is nice and clean from what I saw.
I chose the orange chicken.
Again with the salt!
I was baffled and I asked the other ladies I was with if they were having the same issue.
Yes, they were!
Well that summed it up for me.
I probably won't visit Golden Egg Roll again.
What a bummer, they have all this swag from a service (they probably paid for) naming them one of the top Chinese restaurants in the area.
I'm uninterested in giving this joint another shot, unfortunately.
There are too many other places to try.

I continue to give Golden Egg Roll 4 stars.
I love the house chicken and schezwan chicken (I'm sure I misspelled that).
I did not like the Hunan chicken; however, I despise bell peppers and didn't realize they were in this meal until after I got it.
Golden Egg Roll became a regular place for me to go to because it was cheap and better than decent.
Now that I've moved, I'm going to miss this place.

ok so I work next door at the bead store, we've all had our share of encounters with this horrible place.
A couple of times we've gotten bugs in our food... not fun!
We have rats coming thru our walls from their place... and we always see them sharpening their tools outside on the cement.
Not to mention, the owner is a complete bitch!
She is rude and i would NEVER NEVER recommend this place to anyone.
We have customers coming in all the time complaining about this place or asking us how their food is, and as soon as we tell them the horrors, they thank us, and we reccomend them to a nicer better place.

I've eaten here three different times, all were takeout.
Never had a problem with food quality or quickness.
It's your basic Americanized Chinese takeout place.
And the food's decent.

Excellent!
We ordered the mu shu pork & lemon chicken.
The mu shu pork was the best though, so flavorful!
Don't forget to use the sauce they give you!
Def.
Coming here again!

The food is good, not great.
The portions are alittle too pricey and small for my liking.

Two words, HOUSE CHICKEN.
The gentleman at the counter is nothing but polite, and willing to bring me a side of chili paste for my fried rice.
A small order of the chicken and a small order of fried rice feeds two, and I'm a big dude.
Value, and quality.
My two favorite things, for the moment.

I absolutely Love Chinese take-out.
It's a good night just hanging out at home and watching a good movie while eating Pork Fried Rice and some Egg Foo Young.
As of yet, I have not been to too many Chinese food places in Tempe, so my rating may be a little inexperienced.
However, I felt that the prices were very reasonable and the portions were pretty big.
As far as it goes, its pretty standard Chinese take-out...nothing too great or special but I just love Chinese food so much and it is good so Golden Egg Roll gets 3 stars from me.

This is good Chinese food.
The Pork Fried Rice is to die for.
Great prices and large portions you can't go wrong.

Seems to be pretty typical of a mom and pop Chinese restaurant....Table in the corner that the owners' family sits at...their kids running around.
This was my first time eating there.
I opted for takeout.
The chicken fried rice was really tasty and the chicken lo mein was also good.
Looking forward to trying more of their menu.

There is something to be said for the exceptionally friendly staff at this place.
The eggrolls and shrimp lo-mein are good, not great.
The sesame chicken is flavorful, but a bit on the dry side.
It's not something that you're going to go out of your way for....
I think they used to be a lot better a few years ago.
Just be sure to have the appropriate expectations if you make your way in here.

The food is always hot & fresh - fast, friendly service, too.
The orange chicken is to die for!!!
I don't just go eat at Chinese restaurants, I have to go on a recommendation, so if that's what you need also, I highly recommend this restaurant.
Never a bad meal!

I have been coming to Golden Egg roll for years!
When my brother used to live out here this was the place we went for lunch.
It is a great lunch spot!
I haven't been during dinner time.
I took my daughter there for lunch, it was 12pm on a Thursday, and it wasn't packed, we placed our order, I had the orange chicken combo, extra spicy!
Omg so delish!!
I love their spicy orange chicken!
Cannot get enough!
My daughter ordered beef broccoli and she enjoyed it as well!
Yea I will be back!

The Golden Egg Roll is convenient as it's right near where I live.
For the food and the price, I have to say they offer a good value.
However, it's not the most flavorful Chinese food I've had.
But it's much better than Rice King.
One thing is for sure, when you get it, it is HOT!
Because of this, you'll know it's fresh out of the pan into your mouth.

Flew in on a business trip and asked the front desk for a recommendation on a Chinese delivery joint.
Called Golden Eggroll, one of the best take out places I've been to.
Had the twice cooked pork ( I always get it to compare), savory, rich and spicy.
Loaded with veggies and nice helping of "fried rice".
The rice was just plain and not your typical loaded fried rice but paired well with the pork.
Biggish portion and came with an eggroll and some fried wontons for 8 bucks.
Highly recommended !!!

I really try to be understanding about food taking some time.
I am very willing to wait for quality food.
Its actually my tagline for yelp...however, this place takes too long to get my to go chow mein out, I mean...its chow mein!
I order it because its quick.
Wouldn't be so bad if it were better, or I could get the guys behind the counter to give me duck sauce at least.
BTW, what is it with Chinese places and duck sauce?
They seem to act as if they have never heard of it, every time.
Although it says 'duck sauce' right on it.
If you only get it when you order duck, fine.
Tell me that, I can accept limitations.
Its just when there is a blank stare or, even better, a "We don't have that" (when I can clearly see it) that annoys me.
You get a good amount of food, its pricey though, a drink and dish, not a combo, are over $10.
Again, if it were better...

I've only ever tried their delivery, seeing as my lunch break usually isn't at a convenient time to go try and make a store visit.
The meals are decent, but a bit salt packed.
Very large portions, but also very pricey.
If you want a quick delivery for decent food, call them up.
Otherwise, look elsewhere.

This joint has been a staple in my circle of friends and coworkers for years.
Dine in, takeout and delivery.
I have done it all.
In the 10+ years I have been coming here, I have rarely had an issue.
And if I did, they were always quick to correct whatever mistake was made.
The staff is generally courteous and easy to deal with.
The whole place is very laid back and I like that.
I'm a big fan of their appetizers menu.
The egg rolls, pot stickers and beef skewers are all fantastic and sometimes I pop in just for that.
Their Lo Mein noodles are also good and they never take issue when I order my Chicken Lo Mein with no veggies.
Sometimes all a man needs is some chicken and noodles and they do it up proper.
They also have killer fried rice.
It's really good.
It's the first item I tried when I started coming here and have been hooked ever since.
A dish I really dig from this place is the Mongolian Chicken.
The chicken is always tender, combined with onions, garlic and green onions over a bed of noodles.
I order it pretty much every time I go.
This is not a gourmet restaurant.
This is Chinese fast food done the right way.
Fast, cheap and good.
It's definitely worth checking out.

Ordered some vegetable chow mein.
Wanted it spicy and it had no kick at all.
Lost two stars for that.
Spring rolls were good though, hot and good flavor.
Overall, wouldn't try this place again except for some rolls.

Food was hot and fresh, just not very flavorful.
I had the orange chicken and it was mediocre at best, hardly ANY taste at all and no orange flavor.
My wife purchased the chicken chow mein and she said it was terrible.
The only good thing was the eggroll, but its kinda hard to screw that up.
I would recommend it if you were stuck in that area and had no where else to eat.
I live next door and I'll never be going back.

A little hole in the wall place in a strip mall.
Doesn't look like much from the outside but looks can be deceiving!
GREAT food!
Everyone is always very friendly, and the prices are very reasonable.
Try the house chicken extra spicy.
It is the best!

Ive been here over a few years, its one place where u get great food n excellent (cheerful) Customer service.
It had a remodel done few years ago, new paint n decor... food n service hasnt changed...
If anyone knows is lookin for gud Chinese food, come here!

Pros: Online ordering.
According to GrubHub.com, you cant order online.
However, if you go to their actual website, you can.
Decent prices.
Good spring rolls.
Great fried rice.
Quick delivery.
I ordered online at 6pm and had my food by 6:30.
Cons: The chicken in the chicken fried rice.
As far as the rice went, it was great.
Full of flavor.
The chicken was meh.
Lots of dark marks and lots of pieces attached by a thin string of fat.
Watery sweet and sour sauce.
Bad crab puffs.
I really hate when Chinese places put "Crab Puff" on their menu, and when you get it its just a wonton filled w/ cream cheese.
Its very disappointing.
And thats what youll get if you order the crab puffs here.
Lastly, and this for me is one of the biggest factors in choosing a Chinese restaurant, their hot mustard.
They only serve the faux "hot mustard" in packets, the stuff that when you taste it tastes more sweet than hot.
Boo.
Overall, a meh experience.

Golden Egg Roll is my favorite Chinese food place (and it is conveniently located down the street from my office, making it a frequent lunch choice).
I've been going there for years now and their fried rice cannot be beat for me.
Their crab puffs are excellent as is their sweet and sour chicken.
I'm not overly fond of the salad (though my friends like it) or their egg rolls so I don't typically get those with my meal.

I live really close, so I order from them often.
Not anymore.
The food is good, but I'm getting tired of the piss poor service.
Last few times I have ordered they either took a ridiculous amount of time to fill the order and deliver it (I literally live a block away), or they forget one of my items.
I just ordered again, and wrote in the notes not to put any ice in my TWO pepsis that I ordered.
I wanted to see if they actually read the notes.
Well, my husband answers the door while I'm in the other room, and when I come out... sure enough they read the notes.
No ice, but they only brought one drink.
SO ANNOYING.
Make sure you never tip them until they actually bring your food.
I'm just going to have to find another place to get chinese food from.
Thanks for the disappointment, Golden Egg Roll.
That's a good $30-$60 a week you just lost from my orders.

Went for dinner with friend, had the Beef Mongolian and friend had Mu Shu pork.
Both very good, service fast and friendly.
Everything fresh.
Will come back again.

Horrible high cost and small portion's the people are very in profetiomal and don't care about customer service and good edicts I will never go again and if you want good food it's a waist of money

Start your review...The price was right on and the quantity was fat!
The food was tasty!
Seems the husband and daughter have been going here for a while and they love it too!

Not so great, I feel their food taste and quality of meat is not up to the mark.
Most of the time the chicken is like old and fried long hours back so it used be very dry and hard.
And fried rice was very oily and with frozen veggies :(.
Egg rolls were like once I get from frozen packs.

I've been going to Golden Eggroll for 18 years now and I've got to say.
I love the Kung Pao Chicken.
Still taste as good as it was then when I first went there.
Another favorite of mine is the Hot and Sour Soup, always cure a bad cold.
I recently introduce my neighbor to the place and he can't stop talking about the Orange Chicken and Shrimp Fried Rice.
Now its on my to try list.

I love this they are super good and freaky fast almost like Jimmy john's but Chinese.
I always order here and they always get my food to me right away.
The orange chicken is pure awesomeness!

Love this place- the food is excellent.
The delivery service is definitely spotty...
But I live close enough that I drive over for pick up.
Otherwise it takes about 2 hours for delivery.
I still eat here at least 2 times a month.
Lettuce wraps, Mongolian beef, Sesame Chicken, all favourites.
If you want quality taste, and don't mind eating in the hole in the wall dining room or running to pick it up, you will not be disappointed.

I love this place!
Great delivery range and pretty affordable, and for how good the food is; forget about it!
This is the first place I recommend when it comes to Chinese food.

Food was good, service was quick.
I had the sweet and sour chicken combo which came with steamed rice (sub fried rice for $1 more), a square of wonton and egg roll.
This was more than enough food and generous lunch portion.
The sweet and sour chicken was moist and despite having a good amount of breading on it, it was still good.
The fried rice wasn't too oily as other reviewers mentioned.
The egg roll and wonton I probably could have lived without and will likely not order again.
But for those who like egg rolls, these are large, vegetarian, and loaded with shredded and peppered cabbage.
I am in this area weekly and will most likely be back to try other items.

Very good Chinese food.
Their rice and sweet and sour chicken is very good.
Their house chicken is awesome.
They also have delivery which is very fast compared to pizza joints.

Typical strip mall chinese mom and pop restaurant.
Nothing too spectacular.
Greatest point was for the very attentive lady who saw to our order and comfort.
Nice home feel.
Food was average, if not a bit salty.
But the price and quantitiy was appreciated.
We were in the area and it met our needs nicely.
Not a place to drive out of the way for.

Ugh, I wish I could give this 5 stars.
The food was good.
And the people were nice.
The guy gave a good recommendation.

Love their food.
They give you so much food!
Love their egg rolls.
Food is always fresh.
Tried their broccoli, noodles, and kung pao all great

i'm not even sure where to begin.
this was my first time ordering.
i thought i would try to see what else was good in the neighborhood.
i will not order from them again.
the people were very nice and the delivery was fast, food was hot BUT, i ordered chicken foo young.
it came in a soup container which at first i didn't know what it was.
foo young  is patties right?
this foo young was all crumbled up under too much gravy.
it looked like mish-mosh.
i also ordered chicken chow mein.
chow mein noodles are dark, this looked like either chop suel or mybe lo mein.
the noodles are white and there is veggies on top that are not in chow mein.
chinese corn, mushroom,the big peas.
i was so sure the guy delivered the wrong order but when i called the man said the foo young patrtries where underneath the gravy.
like i said earlier no patties just mish-mosh.
no chow mein some other kind of mein.
the best thing was the free egg roll and the chicken fried rice.
i was/am so disappointed plus i wasted my darn money.. i'll give em 2 stars for being nice

My order wasn't taken accurately.
I ordered Seasame chicken steamed rice which came with lettuce that didn't look fresh.
Chicken was normal.
Actually the egg roll & the "Wonton" chip smelled weird ( it could've been the quality of the oil used).
The restrooms weren't kept clean enough.
They were one of the worst kept restrooms.
The TV connection had its glithces too.
I couldn't enjoy one of the important Soccer matches.

