I initially negotiated with their Internet Sale rep. and we both know and agree the invoice price WITH DESTINATION for my interested 2007 Acura TL is $31817.93 (yes down to the penny).
We talked (email and phone) and I agreed to come in to purchase it around invoice price.
Good Deal right?
Well big mistake!
I talked to a sale guy and said I am willing to buy the car around the invoice price + fees.
Surprisingly they agree to sell the car exactly at $31817.93.
I know it's September and '08 models are here in their lot already.
I was still surprised but thought maybe they are willing to sell 07 inventory at invoice price now.
But when they bring back the numbers with the sale price and fees, they included the DESTINATION CHARGE ($670) AGAIN, mixed in with Title and registration, Tax, Documentation fee ($369), etc..
I was there for like 4 hours and it was after 10pm, I didn't remember that the $31817.93 included the destination charge.
So I agreed and purchased the car.
The next morning when I looked at their number again and realized they charged me twice for the Destination fee, I am not happy with this tactic.
See, if they told me that they need to make a profit for $670 on top of the invoice price, and if I agreed on it, then I CAN live with that.
I made that choice, right?!
But this is not.
This is on one side they said to sell you the car for invoice price, on the other side they pull out this trick to embed the same Destination charge again among the fees to make up the profit.
That is just wrong and dishonest, completely disrespectful to buyers.
If I am fooled, I am sure there are plenty buyers out there that suffered the same thing, except they probably don't know it!
What make this situation worse is, I went back to the dealer ship to talk to the sale manager, Andy.
He basically said that's the price I signed to purchase and there is nothing he can do.
After a couple rounds of fruitless discussion, I talked to the branch manager, Joe Leavitt.
Wow, what an experience!
He basically said the same thing but with a more arrogant, 'you-are-a-sucker' style.
He tried to imtimidate me by asking how old I am, then said to the effect of 'Hey, you are over 18.
You made the decision and now deal with it!
' If the man in charge has that kind of integrity (or lack of), imagine how that influence the rest of the sales managers and sales associates.
In this dealership, it doesn't matter whether a business practice is right or wrong, clean or dirty.
As long as they can make a profit out of a buyer, they will find a way to get you signed the paper.
This is what I learned from them, stright from the leadership.
Yes I mean you, Mr. Leavitt.
Thought I want to share this with you the $670 lesson I learned from this dealership.
I am not getting anything back from them, and I don't mind spending another hour summarizing this for you.
At least you can be smarter!

i just had to take my 2 year old tsx in because it didn't want to start.
i called up, made an appointment, and asked if they had wi fi.
they sure did.
i showed up for my appointment, someone met me at my car in the service car port.
he walked me inside and confirmed what i was there for.
someone had noted that i asked about wi fi, and after we talked about hwo they were going to inspect the car, he walked me over to where they had cubbies with power outlets and asked if i would like to use their free wi fi there, so i could work in private.
he also said they had a lounge with free food and drinks, if i'd rather go that route.
i took the cubby because i needed the power outlet.
it took an hour and a half total.
he came back to find me once, to let me know the battery was done and they were going to replace it.
he also showed me the results of my inspection, and asked if i had time to wait while the washed it.
sure i did.
i was basically at work.
anyway, the whole experience was great: i didn't waste any time there, and i got an incredible car wash- inside and out.
easiest trip for getting a car worked on i've ever had.

I bought my car at Acura Scottsdale and have always gotten it serviced there.
However, after they wouldn't return my second call about setting up an appointment for my 3rd battery in 2 1/2 years, I decided to call Tempe.
They got me in with no problem.
Since I had been at Scottsdale for the last 2 1/2 years, I was so pleasantly surprised when someone greeted me when I got out of the car, showed me to the area for free coffee, drinks and snacks.
This is the COMPLETE opposite of Acura of Scottsdale.
I will now be making the 20 mile drive to go to Acura Tempe.
They were so friendly, helpful and accommodating!

Professional, courteous service, awesome sales staff, great waiting area with snacks, coffee and beverages, convenient location and of course a great selection of new and used Acuras on site.

I am really impressed with the professionalism of the staff.
I worked with Debbie for a number of years until she moved away.
I now work with Todd who I have to say is a very thorough, professional, and classy representative of the Tempe Acura staff.
They are excellent about fixing warranty related issues with no complication.
If during the course of routine maintenance they discover something covered under warranty they will fix it on the spot with no hassle.
Even since my vehicle has been in the extended warranty stage they honor all issues covered by it without fuss.
The waiting area is another plus.
It is filled with comfy chairs, a large TV, magazines, fresh on the spot brew coffee, all sorts of sodas, cookies, and chips.
I know that a dealership service department is typically more expensive than a non-dealership mechanic but at Tempe Acura you get what you pay for: professional staff, ethical behavior, prompt service, and a classy atmosphere.

I purchased my 09 MDX at another valley Acura dealer but I like taking it here for service.
It's closer to home and I get in and out quickly.
I appreciate that they stick with Acura recommended service items, no additional "locally recommended" jobs that add into my bill.
The waiting area couldn't be much nicer; free food, coffee, pop, juice and bottled water.
So far all my service bills have been reasonable and my car is sparkling clean when they are done with it.

I really liked the salesman at Acura of Tempe.
He was wonderful.
He walked me through everything.
They only had a few colors of MDX so I also looked at Acura of Peoria and Scottsdale.
The quote they gave me was about 2,500 less and they added in all terrain floor mats.
I asked the salesman and he said his boss would not allow him to price match and he said it was a better deal to go with Acura of Peoria.
So sad because I really liked how meticulous and honest this salesman was.
The Scottsdale dealership was ridiculous and wanted to overcharge me over value because I was a woman and alone.
i was not impressed.

This was my first Acura- ever.
My eye was set on the TSX (Silver Moon) with technology package, but I was hoping that I could get it with the budget I had in mind.
Not so much, I wanted have it OTD under $30K, but they couldn't do that.
Understandable I guess, but that would have been an incredibly sweet deal for me.
The husband and I have done extensive research on Acura and Honda (my other choice of cars), and were ready to talk to people.
Dealership was very clean and full of people when we walked in, it was a sure sign that they weren't having a problem selling.. atleast that's what it looked like.
Since Keith and Wade (the people in contact through email and phone in the beginning) were busy at the time, so Patrick was helping us out.
He was friendly, and upfront about all the costs early on, which is nice, but I was hoping for a little more room for negotiating the price down.
We took it for a test drive and I really enjoyed it, we both agreed this car was could handle turns and had good response.
I initially hoped that the only Silver Moon that they had on the lot didn't have all extra accessories (window tint, side body molding, and wheel locks), because they could just add it onto the price of the car and just charge me for it without saying anything.
Which they did say they couldn't remove it, but are willing to discount it, so I was okay with that.
We said that we would look at other dealerships and come back, and Patrick didn't pressure us, another associate ask us if there was anything else they could do, and that was it.
As we test drove the Honda Civic down the street, we realized we were willing to pay a little more for an Acura, so we went back to Patrick.
We told him our thoughts and went into more detail about payments, and they were willing to work with us.
They also threw in a $250 voucher to help me get my monthly payments done a tad, so that was a nice gesture.
Paperwork was fairly painless and quick, since we knew exactly what we wanted, we declined all the extended warranty and extras..
Overall experience was pleasant and I LOVE my car!

Recently moved to the area and needed an oil change.
I'm pretty anal about my car especially since I'm paying a pretty penny for it.
Figured the Acura dealer service would be the safest decision.
Immediately called the service desk and Dave picked up the phone.
Got an appointment the next day and was treated very well.
The service center has TV and free WIFI not to mention a BEVY of yummy snacks (fruits, soda pop, coffee, cookies, chips)  I bought my computer and 1.5 hour flew by.
My car was washed and vacuumed too!
I love my RDX and am glad my car will be in good hands here.

I have only good things to say about the service dept.
at Acura of Tempe.
First of all, you can schedule your appointment online through their website.
(They even email you back to confirm/remind you.
) When you arrive for your appointment they greet you at your car, go over everything with you, then direct you to the comfortable waiting room which has coffee, snacks, a TV and ample seating.
I especially love that they wash & vacuum your car when they're done.
Their staff is both friendly & professional.
I have gone there with my Integra a few times for repairs and oil changes and am always impressed!
I like being able to trust that the work is going to get done right the first time.

No pressure, honest, laid back, personable salespeople!
I drove in from CA to buy a used TSX and they did as much as possible beforehand to make the transaction smooth and quick.
They also let me privately sell my old car on their premises (and even encouraged doing so) because they couldn't give me much on the trade.

Slow service, did not keep me in the loop.
I showed up for my 1030 apt time on Saturday for oil change, filter, inspection and tire balance and rotation.
It took 3 hours and then I had to confront the service advisor regarding the terribly slow service.
He apologized twice but did nothing else.
I then showed up home to find out they didn't rotate the tires.
Worst of all they didn't bother to explain why.
Tempe Acura, I won't be back, I knew there was a reason I didn't buy my Acura from there either.

this dealership is one of the most rip off dealerships we have visited.
having multiple cars and dealing with brand specified dealerships, acura crew are the most unethical and fake "nice guy" group.
although the car in under warranty any noise or issue is always either because of the heat or cold or what ever.
always an excuse as I suppose we have to live in a perfect climate condition for the car to perform.
stay off this dealership as you'll waste your time, money and mind with thses service reps. management is not any better either!
one humble opinion as I wished some one would have warned me as well.

Car need service - UGH!
- already knew I will spend almost $300 at least when I bring it here.
Despite the expensive charges, I actually like my service manager Dana.
She always assist me and help me with anything that I need.
And the shuttle service is excellent.
And the all you can take snack (cookies and chips), and beverages (coffee, juices, waters, sodas) are definitely a privilege.
Car service is definitely costly.

Recently purchased a new Acura from Acura of Tempe.
From the minute I spoke with the salesman, to signing my paperwork and driving the car home, the experience was extraordinary.
Never felt pressured by the sales staff or manager.
The manager Joel is absolutely fantastic and will work with you 100%.
Was never pressured for a credit app immediately and was given real numbers on what I can expect to actually pay.
Dealership is also very clean and they have quite a selection of snacks and beverages.
Grew up with family in car business and have purchased a few myself and without a doubt this was the most pleasant experience I've had.

So where do I start with the best car shopping experience ever?
I started yesterday at Audi Chandler with Jim S., who provided the worst customer service I'd ever experienced from a luxury car dealership.
Then, after visiting several dealerships (most were very courteous and friendly), I stumbled into Acura Tempe and boy, was I impressed!
Charles greeted us with an easygoing and hands-off demeanor (loved it!
) n we went for a test drive and I loved the SUV!
I decided that this was it -- my new car!
So we sat down with Virginia, who was bubbly and fun, to crunch numbers and discuss with John, who is just awesome as heck.
I love great customer service but I also love a great deal!
Did I get both at Acura Tempe?
YEP!!!
Will I buy again from them?
YEP!
:) Am I happy with my new SUV???
Abso-fricken-lutely.

Nothing but good things to say!
My car was towed here at 1 today and they fixed it within 3 hours!
Tod was extremely helpful, and we did everything over the phone.
I'm sure he could tell that I had a lack of car knowledge and didn't try to up sell me on things I don't need.

All I can say is to stay off this dealership as they have pushy salespeople.
when it comes to warranty, they try everything to get out of it.

I brought my RDX in for a routine oil change and Dana was really great to explain the process, the timeline, and services.
Dana and the rest of the service department exceeded all of my expectations by turning around my car in less than an hour.
Taking your car in for routine service is not the highlight of my week, but Dana and the team at Acura of Tempe really made it an easy and painless process!

Had a bad experience with promised sale prices on a used car.
Drove 30 miles went into dealer to buy the car and found they had jacked it up 1000.00 from what we discussed after they got me in the door.
Dealt with Dave, Charles and Steve.
Steer clear they will waste your time.

So i took it in for an oil change and mentioned that jiffy lube said that screws holding up the skid plate were damaged.
After finding out that is not the case the oil change was fine and the process took an hour.
When explaining the situation Todd in the beginning - he offered 0 options but to do the oil change and no accommodating for work or inconveniences.
This is why this was an average experience.
I will be going to scottsdale Acura location next time.

I had a recall notice for my '05 TSX and even though it's of nothing major I decided to bring it in anyway for the experience.
They did a basic service check as well and printed out an estimate with all the problems my car has.
I didn't feel pressured into bringing it back specifically to them and ASAP .
Abel was of great, kind and courteous help considering everything I brought it in for was free.
The waiting area was comfortable and I enjoyed the complementary snacks, drinks and coffee!

Overall a pleasant experience.
Buying a new car has never been pleasant unitl I purchased my 2014 RDX recently.
Dealt with Keith in Sales and Dana in Service (for accessories installed).
Talked to people in both the Parts department and Cashier and they too were very helpful and friendly.
The only downside is Bob in finance was a bit pushy with the warranties and other products.
Nice floor layout keeps you comfortable while in the dealership, and free snacks to boot.
I had a loaner car for the time that I had accessories installed.
Only reason I couldn't give a 5 star rating, was due to only having one finance manager on a busy Saturday which led to a long wait (plus the big push on warranties) and an error in one accessory installed.
Had to go back a second time to have the right accessory installed.
The next time I'm in the market for a new or used car, Acura of Tempe will definitely be on my list.

Experiences for service repairs at dealerships are usually tedious and slow.
This place changed my mind.
My car was quickly evaluated and the service people are extremely empathetic and helpful, Dana was quick and accommodating.
Great experience.

After owning 3 Infinitis and 2 Nissans (all purchased new from Scottsdale Infiniti), and struggling to get a deal for my 4th infiniti (the other 5 cars were easy to deal with), and my 2nd infiniti dealer was as bad as the first, I decided to hell with the "brand name"...and changed to Acura.
Easy experience.
Price before I walked in.
Easy test ride.
Vehicle in stock.
I really wanted an Infiniti--but after getting MORE for my trade in, a lower interest rate, the color scheme I wanted, no pressure sales, and $10K less for an Acura with similar features as the Infiniti...well, it was a no brainer.
5 Star experience.

