I've been here twice after my last nail place made me wait FOR-EVER and I got fed-up!
The staff at Cobblestone are really friendly and personable.
They actually treat you like a customer and not just another dollar.
The facility is clean and organized and they do really good work.
I've had a pedicure and acrylic fill done, and was very pleased with their work.
They have tons of great polish colors and the prices are very fair.
I will definitely keep going back here if my experience stays the same!
Just know in advance that they only take cash tips, you can't add it to your credit card.

My sister and I were looking for a cheap place to get pedicures that we wouldn't have to wait.
Drove over to Pink Polish first and there was a huuuuuuuge line.
So we looked up the next best place on Yelp and ended up here!
I'm glad we did!
Awesome experience, super nice people, my feet look great, and I will definitely be going here from now on!

I had the new girl so take that into consideration.
New girl was very nice but should have gotten more guidance from the owners; the language barrier also did not help.
I was asked if I wanted the callous remover and I declined, and just said the regular heel scrubbing would be fine.
She kept asking 'sugar scrub?
' and I kept saying no.
I ended up with no scrubbing at all :/  I was reading a magazine and saw out of the corner of my eye that she placed a clipper tool back in her co worker's station... who just finished with someone else's pedicure so it was already used w/o disinfecting before she used it on me.
I didn't realize it before it was too late.
She also had me walk barefoot to the drying area, no offer of foam flip flops or anything, not even my own.
The owner was right next to her and was very pleasant, but he did not stop her when she was having me walk barefoot, just told her to have me sit further towards the front.
I know a $20 pedicure is a steal but this was not worth it.
I came home and scrubbed my own heels and also noticed the polish was a little messy on the sides of my toes so I fixed that too.
Also, carry cash for tip, you cannot add on your credit/ debit card.

THE nicest people you will ever meet.
I have been going here once per week for a few weeks for polish changes.
They do a great job and make it an enjoyable experience.
It is very clean inside and nicely decorated.
I rarely have to wait more than 5 minutes and they never seem rushed.
I usually have my 3 year old with me who sits on my lap, and they talk with her and make her smile.
I am finally getting to writing a review because of a wonderful experience I had today.
I decided to take my two girls in for Valentine's day nail painting as a special treat.
My oldest went first and I was watching with my other daughter on my lap.
My youngest accidentally bumped a bottle of nail polish off the table which proceeded to smash all over the floor.
I was mortified.
They immediately began telling me "don't worry, don't worry!
" And my daughter was looking pretty sad because she knew she messed up.
They were coming up to her and saying "don't be sad, it's ok!
"  Afterward when they wanted to charge me next to nothing for doing the girls' nails, I wanted to leave a large tip as an apology and a thank you.
They wouldn't let me!
So of course I did anyway and just told the gals to split it.
I still feel terrible about the mess but am amazed at how nice they were about it.
Please go here and support these folks and their wonderful business!

I am a loyal customer of Cobblestone Nail Studio for more than 13 years.
When I lived in the west valley I traveled 40 miles one way to have my nail services performed.
Cobblestone is truly the best nail studio of its class.
The atomosphere at the studio is fun and the customers are treated like family.
The owner, Su, is awesome!!
I highly recommend this establishment.

If you're looking for a high-falootin', stuffy and pretentious nail salon that costs you an arm and a leg (pun intended), look somewhere else.
The staff is super friendly, the service is quick, the color choices are hip and current, and the lollipops?
Delicious dum-dums.
Su, the owner, recently did an amazing renovation and opened up the spa to span across two suites.
The new spa chairs (double the amount before!
) are luxurious and super comfy.
The salon is impeccably clean and chic.
There isn't obnoxious house music playing and you don't feel like you're being judged here.
From the first time you walk through their doors, Su, his wife Eileen, and the rest of the staff, will forever remember your name and most of all, what your nail preferences are.
They don't treat their customers like walking wallets of money but instead, like friends.
I always get compliments on my nails and never walk out of the salon without a smile.
You know when you get back into your car and have that lump in your throat 'cause your nails don't look as awesome as that one picture you saw on Pinterest?
That doesn't happen here and if you don't like them, they will work with you.
I've dabbled with other salons but inevitably, I always come back to Cobblestone, head hung low and even my fiancé jokes about how disappointed he is that I "cheated on Su and Eileen.
" There is something about this place that is special... so get off of Yelp and go in for a mani-pedi one day and discover how awesome it is for yourself.

This nail salon is VERY clean and spacious!
I loved getting a pedicure here because I wasn't sitting on top of someone.
The pedicure was $2 more than usual Vietnamese nail salons but its worth it for the cleanliness.

Been coming here for over 5 years and I'll never go anywhere else!
Su and Ilene are amazing.
So particular about their work which is great for an OCD person like myself :-) I always get so many compliments everywhere I go.
Their spa is so cleanly and everyone's so polite, I wouldn't go anywhere else!
Plus since the expansion this place is huge and beautiful!

Rose took excellent care of me today!
Great job, the place is clean, spacious and inexpensive compared to most.
I'll be back for sure!

I went to Cobblestone for the first time today and was beyond impressed!
I recently moved to Tempe and stopped getting my gel manicures because I am so picky and particular that I just didn't want to deal with finding a new place.
The one day it rains in AZ I decided to give them a shot.
SO glad I did as I have a new place and new technician I plan to religiously visit every 2 weeks!

I'm here every 2 1/2 weeks.
Adore this place.
Always a perfect job, friendly service, clean and relaxing.

I having been going to Su to have my nail tips done for 14 years.
I have never had a nail lift or ever had a fungus.
There have been times I have not been able to get back for a month and still no problem.
I also have pedicures by Eileen and they last just as long.
The establishment is always clean and the staff is very friendly.
I give the highest rating possible and advise everyone to give them a chance.

I'm a Cosmetologist who had the brilliant idea of doing her own acrylic nails.
Why I thought I'd be able to do them beautifully when I hadn't done nails since cosmo school, is beyond me, but I was up for the challenge, I guess?
Well, it turned out (you guessed it) to be a complete disaster.
I did them Wednesday night and Thursday morning wanted them off.
I was pressed for time because of work and b/c of leaving for San Diego today (Friday).
The owner and his wife were more than accommodating.
He pushed back his gym session Thursday evening b/c he knew this was a 'nail emergency' and his wife took over to do the nail art design.
I had a picture from Pinterest that I showed them and they matched it as closely as possible, and it turned out very nice.
I posted a picture (mine is the blue, gold glitter, and peacock feather).
They were all very friendly and welcoming and you can tell they really enjoy doing nails-it shows in their work and what perfectionists they are.
I asked how long they'd been there and he said since 2000 which was really surprising to me because the place is so clean it looks like they just opened.
So, as a nail salon it really doesn't get much better than this.
They've won me over which really doesn't happen often since they're pretty much on every corner.
Had to spread the word.
Kelsey

This was the go to spot for all my peers in high school, cut to 5 years later i decide on a whim to go check this place out and i had what i thought was a difficult design in mind.
Su (owner) greeted me right away and took me within 10 mins without an appt.
They are so talented with their design and if they don't feel comfortable doing a particular design, they will call someone to come over and do it.
THANK YOU!
no more nail techs just telling me they'll do what they want and it will still be pretty.
I understand it will be pretty but it has to be what I WANT, not what you're capable of.
my only criticism is that i wish they spent more time cleaning my cuticles and moisturizing it.
and when i went back to get my gel nails taken off, they just sanded it down.
I would have preferred to have them soaked off.
The friction from the machine burned my nails several time, not a good time.
But i would go back, i'll just soak off at home if i need to...   but in all the good far outweighs the not so great....
THEY ARE THE BOMB AT DESIGNS AND COLOR SELECTION FOR THE BEST PRICE!!
Sorry Pink Polish.
Su and his wife are so nice.
They have discounts if you're a high school student.
They NEVER forget your name or what you like.

Very clean and great service!
I'm 7 months pregnant and was in need of a pedicure.
They did a great job!
The hot stones felt amazing on my calves and the lady really took her time massaging my feet.
I'm pretty hard to please when it comes to manicures and pedicures but this place definitely left me satisfied.
I will be returning in another 2/3 weeks for another pedi.

I love this nail spa.
I have always had great service here and they do a good job.
Prices are very reasonable.
They recently expanded the salon and the place is very clean and modern.
They do a great job with gel nails (no bubbles) and usually get me in and out pretty quickly.

Love this salon, today I took my granddaughter for her first pedicure and I wish I would have taken a picture as she walked in and said "Oh Nana, this place smells delicious!
They were very attentive and gave her a lovely experience as I sat next to her and was pampered myself.
Thanks for always doing such a great job!

Ask for Rose.
I am licensed to do everything they do here and would pay her double if she asked me.
Amazing, always!

I was recommended by a coworker and this place is great!
Won't be going anywhere else!
Not only do they do a great job on designs they don't make you feel uncomfortable for asking.

