I am quite happy to of found an Air Conditioning company that is not trying to rip you off!
I have had a few experience's with different ones and they are always trying to up sell you and then they never properly fix what they came there for in the first place.
I was lucky enough to find this company,they came the same day called(within hours) on a day that was 100 degrees!
They fixed everything better than i had hoped for in record time.
Then the bill was fully reasonable.
This is unheard in the air conditioning trade!!!
In a sea of con artists this is who you should call.
480-968-5652

I was having Air conditioning problems for the last 2 weeks.
Since it has been so hot i think that it put too much strain on the unit.
I called Bruce's on a recommendation.
They came the very next day.
I did not have an emergancy,i just needed it to run fully well.
So the tec came the next day , right on time i may add.
He had the problem fixed in no time, with just a $69.99 service fee.
That was 2 weeks ago and it is still running perfectly.
Isn't that what we all want, the Air company to come auickly, fix the problem and not charge too much!
Bruce's is just that!
Thank you!

I have used Bruce's for over a decade to service both my home and my rental properties.
They are timely, professional and reasonably priced.
I especially appreciate that I can trust them to follow my directions in dealing with tenant issues.

I've used Bruce's Air Conditioning twice in the past 4 years.
The most recent occasion being yesterday (August 11, 2012).
I woke up and realized the house was warmer than is should be (83).
The fan was blowing, but no cool air.
I called Bruce's at 9:30 AM, they took my info and said I'd get a call back soon from a technician to schedule a service call.
10 minutes later the tech (Gary) called and set an appt.
for 11 AM.
He showed up 15 min.
early, quickly diagnosed the problem (bad capacitor), replaced it and was finished in less than 10 minutes!
My repair was covered by warranty so there was "no charge" - even on a Saturday!
My first service call 2 years ago was similarly smooth.
Both times I've had "Gary" as the technician that came out.
I would highly recommend Bruce's Air (and Gary) - no upsell and  no BS about problems that don't exist (I've experienced both from other companies).
Very satisfied customer!

I got a new 15 SEER air conditioning system installed at my house to replace our 20 year old unit.
This place was recommended by friends.
The price was competitive and they installed it without problems for at least 3 years so far.
I did have some minor complaints about the way they made a mess where they attached the AC to the metal hood up on my roof.
It doesn't change how it functions, but I see it every time I pull up to the house.

Integrity!
Not a word that you hear often associated with a business but, Bruces definately has it!
I've used them for years, they came out to fix the ac on a very old machine, the tech told me he could fix it and it could last a few years or I could get a new one.
I asked what he would do and he said fix it.
And he was right it lasted a few more years.
This year I bought a new unit from them and I noticed the heat wasn't working.
I called on New Year's Eve and he was going to send someone right out but I was at work, I asked if they could come Wed after 4:30, a very nice guy showed up at 5, installed a different thermostat, fixed what was wrong and it didn't cost me a cent.
They are awesome!

I just want to say I had an issue with the heat a few months ago, they came out the same day to fix it, I just tried to turn my ac on and it's not working, so I left a message and got a call back in 5 minutes, they will be coming when I get off work.
They are the best!
I highly recommend.

Bruce's AC was recommended to me by my local handyman.
They installed an AC unit in 2007 and it was substantially cheaper than the other outfits in town.
(Maybe because they don't spend their money on TV ads?
)  I was grateful.
Anything helps with big ticket items.
Today I called because I was sweltering and  they came out to check the AC unit.
Quickly.
Good news.
It was covered by extended warranty!
No charge, that's music to my ears.
I'm cooling off on this 111 degree day within 90 minutes (from initial call to signing $0 bill)!
They are professional, courteous, knowledgeable, and they answer the phone with a live person when I first call.
nice!
Thank you, Bruce's AC!

Bruce's Air was recommended to me by our property manager.
They completed  tune-up's on my rental homes - did a great job!
I would recommend Bruce's Air to anyone - they are fair and honest.
Thank you Bruce's Air

