Just a typical Starbucks but a long line-always.
no drive-thru but patio seating if you bring your 4-legger which I did!
why is it that my lattes always taste different at every Starbucks?
I thought that was a point of a franchise was that the product was consistent...
It is the closest to my house so that is where we stop when we have a lounging day together-that is my 4 legger and me:)

I have been to A LOT of starbucks (Hey, there is one on every corner in Chicago!
) but this one was memorable.
I was only visiting family for a week in Gilbert and probably visited this starucks more then I would care to admit in that week but they had my drink memorized and were extremely friendly.
No drive up and the parking lot can get a bit crowded in front of the starbucks but great inside.
Nice patio with 'misters' (I duno if that is correct terminology.
The little water sprayers to keep you cool) on the patio for days you want to sit outside.
This is a starbucks so I dont really have much to say about the food or drinks (you have all been to one.
You know what it's about) but this one never got my drink wrong.
The one by my house gets my drink wrong on a normal basis :/

My all-time favorite Starbucks!
They always greet you with a smile and wonderful service.
Most of the Batista's get my order (which can be a tad picky, I admit) right all of the time; and when it's not, they fix it without hassle or complaint.
Love.

This Starbucks is just great!
The baristas and all workers alike have a very professional sense about them.
They work fast and efficiently.
The atmosphere is cool due to the furniture and the way they have their merchandise and their customization bar arranged together.
During the summer, they run misters for the outdoor seating.
Great place.

They close at 9:30 on Fridays?
Are you kidding me?
If you have to turn away business because you're closing, worse shoo away the customers you have, something is wrong.

Best coffee ever!

Love this Starbucks!
They make my Passionfruit Iced Tea Lemonade just the way I like it (the ones in California could never quite do it right :/)!
The staff are friendly, helpful and attentive.

Good service and great drinks!

Always friendly.
Always yummy.
Always quick.
I love that I can use my virtual Starbucks card on my smart phone to pay for my purchase.

Who hasn't ever had some Starbucks?
Well I guess people who don't drink coffee or anything they have to offer.
I loved Starbucks ever since I was a pre-teen.
I used to go to this Starbucks every morning before school started; they even knew my name and order.
I thought that was super cool and it was...until I started realizing why I wasn't getting into the shape I wanted to be.
They offer such yummy choices and I love it!!
However, I have to limit myself going there...except if I am having straight Black Pike's Roast, then I don't really mind going.
Everything else in there is a treat to me.
The ambiance is so cozy and smells like home.
I love coffee but if I go to Starbucks everyday,  maybe I'll get bored.
So I am a fan, but hopefully, not anytime soon, become an obsessed fan.

Minus points because it would just be so much easier if this was in a location (within this strip mall) with a drive-through.
It can be a little tough getting in an out of here because of how busy Target and the other businesses in this strip mall get.
Otherwise, it's Starbucks...  Yay Pumpkin Spice!

Though I like going to Starbucks for their drinks the real reason I go there is a place to get away and get work done on my computer.
I enjoy sipping my green tea lemonade while working on my computer.
This Starbucks has recently undergone a remodel.
Though I LOVE the location the remodel leaves me lacking.
The tables along the wall where there are plugs to plug in my computer are gone.
The center isle has now been replaced with a HUGE LONG table.
Not sure who is going to sit here.
Even if you do it sits in the middle of the floor so you have foot traffic all around you and there is no power outlets.
The remodel has added space for people to sit but has taken away from the coziness of the place along with the ability to reach an outlet.
If you like working on your computer this is NOT the Starbucks to come to any longer.
If you are just want to grab a quick cup or coffee or coco on while out on a shopping excursion then stop on by because they will set you up with your caffeine buzz with a smile on their face.

Its Starbucks!
great crazy coffee concoctions, excellent customer service & cleanliness.

