My wife bought me a couple passes to this course thru a coupon website as a birthday present.
(The 2 passes cost $30 total, which is normally the cost for a single green fee, after researching the course's website.
) I took my buddy down there for an early morning tee time.
The passes each included a cart rental, bucket of balls for the range, and a pass on the 18 holes.
Our first experience with the course was the extremely grumpy Asian man at the counter.
To be blunt, either his English was non-existent or his accent was so thick I couldn't understand him.
And he wasn't welcoming at all and he was very short with us.
He practically threw our range tokens at us and didn't tell us where we could get our bucket of balls.
Speaking of the driving range- I will concede that I've not been to a ton of golf courses, but I enjoy the game enough to know how to conduct myself around the course.
That said, my buddy and I looked like fools walking around the area trying to find the machine that deposits the balls for the range, only to eventually find it tucked away in a maintenance shed that we initially hadn't gone in because we felt we shouldn't be in there.
A little more convenient, less awkward location would've been nice.
Part of the deal for the passes I got was that each one got a cart rental.
When tee time came, my buddy and I each selected a cart to take out (Frivolous?
Yes.
But that was the deal I paid for it, right?,) only to have grumpy Asian dude bark at us over the loud speaker that we could only take one cart.
No biggie so I parked the 2nd one and hopped in with my buddy.
Now, I understand taking 2 carts may have been a little much.
But I think as a business, if you're going to advertise a certain deal (such as a cart rental with every coupon,) you need to assume that a party is going to purchase more than one pass, and when they do, you at least honor the deal YOU chose to advertise.
I also discovered that this course either schedules their tee times way too close, or they're not efficient in enforcing them: When we prepared to roll up to the first hole for our tee time, there was a party in front of us that we had to wait on, and 2 more parties rolled up only to wait behind us.
The aforementioned party ahead of us was composed of 2 men that were EXTREMELY slow in finishing each hole.
I'm talking multiple bogies.
EACH.
We would end up waiting for them after we completed each hole.
I know I can't blame the course for this, other than the terrible scheduling.
But after about the 5th hole, a course employee rolled up and told us that we had better move it along faster, as there were FOUR (was his claim) parties that were waiting on us, and he would have to shove us up a few holes.
We asked him if he had noticed the two men before us.
He became very indignant and said they were two holes ahead.
We shrugged him off and moved on, only to find the 2 men barely leaving the next hole.
That one got to me- I don't know what possessed the employee to raise his voice at us in such a manner when he was obviously in the wrong.
My buddy wasn't too happy either.
After all these run-ins we'd already had, we were tempted to abandon the golf cart right there and leave.
We didn't, but we were fed up with the way we were being treated.
As far as the course goes, I'm not going to bother listing all the pars and what not.
It's an okay course, considering the price.
But half of the fairways were very muddy for some reason and it really sucked walking and trying to drive in it, when there should've been grass there.
If it weren't for the many rude and disgruntled employee experiences, I would've given this 3 stars.
The only reason I didn't rate this with 1 star is the value.
$25 to $30 for a regular green fee is hard to beat.
But I'm sure that price is also the reason for the poor course care and the terrible service.
I'll probably go here again, but only if I get an itch for a round of golf and that won't break the bank.
I know that Yelp asks you if the business is kid-friendly, and I would have to say "no.
" Not only do I think the employees would find a reason to yell at me over my kids, but after my trip there, I would expect it.
And I noticed the very positive "filtered" review preceding mine- I find it hard to believe and would bet that it was written by the owner or an employee.

Cheap rates for driving range balls.
Could use some more grass on the range though!

I have never been golfing before, so I can't really say how good or bad this course was, but it seemed to be a decent set of holes.
What I wasn't a fan of was the owner?
or front desk guy?
Whoever he is, he's not very friendly.
I work in customer service, so I really take notice of other people that are supposed to be providing customer service.
This guy sucked at it!
He didn't smile, he didn't make me feel wanted or like a valuable, paying customer, and he acted annoyed when we wanted to rent clubs.
I don't think I would go back there again.

I love this golf course!!
It's very fun!!!
Great service!
:):):):):):):):):):):):):)

Nice place..I usually play starting at 3pm..as it is super twilight..Price is about 14$..with cart..but I like to walk..  For the price I think this is better than Western Skies..
This place is good if you want a quick round..for a cheap price..  Worth the money..

We have played here several times over the last few years and it was nice and empty in the summer with great prices....
Went here about 2 weeks ago and in the middle of the course, there is frisbee golf?
How exactly am I supposed to drive my ball into 4 guys in the middle of the green?
After skipping 2 holes due to not wanting to line drive someone we ended up at the 18th hole to have another group of this happening.
I'm all for doing either golf or frisbee golf but in the middle of a green and having everyone playing at the same time?
Who does that?
Will not be back.

I golfed there for the first time today and enjoyed the round.
It is cart path only right now, but it's  a small executive course, mostly short holes, so not too much walking.
Greens and fairways were in pretty good shape considering they just overseeded.
I was impressed with the friendliness and efficiency of the manager at the front desk, as well as the gentleman who was the starter.
I would recommend this course to anyone looking for a short, easy course at a good price.
Couple suggestions: water coolers on the course would be nice (especially in hotter weather),ice available in the clubhouse (I didn't see any but maybe I missed it), and the restrooms on the course could have been a little cleaner.
The bathrooms are "unisex" and they were kind of yucky (maybe the norm for guys but being a female it was kind of gross)

First time golfing at this course and it was very much a subpar experience.
I really had high hopes after reading their website description which calls the course one of the "gems" of Maricopa county.
Pretty lofty claim for sure.
The golf course itself could definitely use a lot of work as most of the tee boxes are chock full of unrepaired divets, there are a ton of muddy patches in the middle of greens and much of the course itself is in need of reseeding.
All of this could be overlooked given the reasonable price but the service from the staff makes this one golf course I may not return to in the future.
One of the golf course rangers is down right cantankerous and talked down to almost everyone as if they were children.
The front desk staff barely even acknowledged our group and there was no one around at the golf cart return.
This could be a great local place if only they worked on customer appreciation.
Here's hoping!

Let me start by saying that the only reason they get 2 stars instead of 1 is because I didn't actually get to play the course.
So I cannot judge it.
I called roughly 3 hours before the time I was going to arrive and asked if I could make a tee time for myself and 2 other non players to ride along.
I was told since I wAs the only one playing that I wouldn't need a tee time and that I could just squeeze in between groups.
I arrive and I am "greeted" by an Asian guy(which from other reviews I'm guessing is probably the same guy that others encountered) that doesn't even give me any acknowledgement at the front desk.
Once he greets me I then say that it will be myself and 2 non players.
He then explains to me that I will have to pay an extra cart fee which is fine.
Then I ask him if he gives any sort of military discount and he responds with a sarcastic laugh and says no.
I said ok no big deal.
He then tells me that the soonest tee time is over an hour from then.
I explain to him and gave him the name of the person I spoke to earlier about not needing a tee time and he responded with "he doesn't know what he's talking about and we don't do that.
You will need a tee time".
I then thanked him for wasting my time and left with my family.
It looked like a nice place but I think that they need to get rid of that douche(again, other reviewers may be able to attest) if they want a good reputation.

The course itself is beautiful and decently challenging ehich id the only reason I'm not rating this 1 star.
They also have a 36 hole frisbee golf course (not as challenging), ehich are fairly uncommon.
However the front desk clerk was rude and seemed racist...probably won't be back for awhile.

