The nail art here is the one great thing, everything else is average so I can't justify more stars.
The atmosphere is nil (let's think fluorescent lighting and 1990s nail posters on the wall), and if you try to talk to the technicians don't expect to really understand what your conversation is about.
You can read a magazine, but they'll be interrupting you every 5 minutes ("You want sea salt massage?
") to try and upsell you on the extras.
As the other reviewer mentioned, they really want to sell you waxing.
The prices are cheap, but expect to be charged for everything extra.
A pedicure is between $15-19 depending on whether it's on "special", but then there's sea salt, callus removal, a discounted add-on manicure, french tips/nail art (toes and fingers), so your bill can add up at $5 a pop.
I really do enjoy the nail art here.
I'm not an overly decisive or particular person when it comes to my pedicures, so I just let them paint whatever they think looks cute.
Elsewhere, that almost always means a flower on each big toe with a rhinestone and some swirls.
Here?
It's different every time.
Once I got a stripey glitter french pedicure, another time, flowers on EVERY toe, getting increasingly tinier with my toenails.
The techs enjoy coming up with something cute and complex, and I thanked them with my tip money.
Also, I suggest bringing cash for a tip - I never feel quite comfortable announcing out loud to everyone how much I want to tip.
Overall, I wouldn't come here every time because I like a little bit of a fancier pedicure and a more relaxing experience, but if it's nail art you are after, I give this place two very-pretty thumbs up!

Fast?
Check.
Cheap?
Check.
Relaxing?
Uhhh.. not even close.
The entire 55 minutes of my manicure I had more then one person trying to upsell me on something.
Gel nails, white tips, parafin dip, pedicure - you name it..
I just wanted a quick manicure on my lunch hour so my cuticles were looking healthy.
My nail tech was sweet as can be, the others and the atmosphere is a whole other story.
They state they accept credit cards, however there are signs hanging all over stating if you pay with a credit card, the cost is higher.
If you are able to stick to your guns, and can tune out yelling - for $9.99 you can get a decent looking manicure.
Otherwise, I would look elsewhere.

They state they accept credit cards, however there are signs hanging all over stating if you pay with a credit card, the cost is higher.
The people in their were rude, cost was ok but the job was crappy the filing of my nails is horrible they are not smooth.

Crummy place.
The.
People are rude.
They say they accept cards but clearly get annoyed when you use them.
Most importantly THEY ARE NOT CLEAN!!!!
I noticed that one of the nail tech never sanitize their utensils.
They just let one person after another use the same pedicure chair without sanitizing it.
Also, I told the guy what I wanted and he wouldn't listen because he thought it wouldn't look good.
I told him i am am in a wedding and the bride wanted our nails a certain way.
He kept saying that wont look good.
Save your time and money.
Should have known when I walked in and there were only three people in there.
An awesome nail  place always has a line  ALWAYS.

I love this place!
They always do the best designs!
I get sooo many compliments everywhere I go on my pedicures and they last sometimes for a month!
All the people that work at cactus are true artists and can do any design you ask for.
They are very patient and take their time to always get the design I want just right!
I've tried many other salons and I always end up coming back!
I even drive an extra 20-30 min just to come here.
I moved and still prefer cactus hands down over any other place close to me.
Love this place!!!
I have been coming here for almost 10 years now.

Got gel manicure today and they was able to take off the previous gel off really quickly with putting acetone in this machine that is warming.
After that the male nail tech put the used acetone back in the bottle.
Now I can assume that he will sanitize the machine and the bottle that he put the used acetone because they do refill the bottle with acetone remover.But how can I be sure..
Gross!!!
On a positive note my nails did look good!

