The downside to this pizza place outweigh the upsides.
Average pizza, slim on toppings, small in size and over $23.00 for a large, which is on the medium size.
Cashier and counter help, are dim and of the opinion, they really should be doing something more than waiting on middle age housewives calling in pizza orders.
I hope something better comes along as well, but in the meantime your attitude is definitely cutting into your tip jar.
The upside, it is strictly take out, they are quick - again the take out helps and the toppings are fresh and quality.
Location is another plus, as in they are the closest pizza joint to my house.

This is for the west Mesa & Tempe location, as they were both pretty much the same.
Probably the best pizzas I have ever had.
The only reason I wouldn't give it 5 stars is simply the price.
It is twice as expensive as pizza hut or papa johns, although it is more than twice as delicious.
It's definitely worth it if you use some coupons.
I've had the monster thin and just now, the classic combo stuffed pizza.
WOW!
The 16" classic combo stuffed pie is HEAVY!
No skimping on toppings or cheese.
Worth paying $27.
A $27 thin crust, ehh, once in a while.
If you've got the dough to spend, it's the best.
And I though the service was just fine.

Yummy stuffed pizza.
The sauce is tasty, has a nice zip to it, and is not bland at all.
Have only gotten the stuffed pizza with spinach and tomatoes here.
Arrived to the house still piping hot.
Mmmm...reminds me of Chicago...

Great pizza, but lots of confusion at this location about the groupon now deals.
Showed up to pick up my pizza and was told I could not use it.
Be careful.

Can't say it was bad.
Its chicgo style so they cut pizza in small appitizer squares.
And the regular is super thin like paper thin.
The large pizza seemed small enough for 2 people at most.
But that's okay the problem was after an hour it arrived cold.
Sorry I don't like cold pizza.
Next time ill have to try it at their shop.
Hope they read this and find way to correct cold pizza issue.
Its a ton better cold than dominos.

AVOID THIS PLACE!!!
I had eaten here before at a different location and I really liked the food.
My boyfriend didn't want to order from here because of the bad google reviews.
He trusted me, and ordered anyway.
We ordered for delivery at 7.15.
At 8:30 they call and say the came to our house and left because we didn't answer.
They said they would not return because it was our fault.
When we pressed them, they gave us the address it was sent to, and it was the wrong house.
We ordered online and could see it was a type-o on their end.
They agreed to resend the pizza.
30 minutes later we STILL did not have it.
They didn't want to refund our money because they said he had just left to drop it off.
Finally (2 hours after we had ordered) they told us to call grubhub to get a refund.
On this plus side of things Grubhub was super friendly and offered us a free meal.
We wont be using it at this place.
Lesson learned.
Trust reviews.

The food is alright, but a bit overpriced.
I live maybe a mile tops from this place and only ordered on occasion.
After my last experience I'll never order again.
I placed an order for wings, a meatball sub, drinks, and dessert.
They said it would be an hour, which is about how long it always takes them no matter when you order.
It really shouldn't take that long when I can practically see them from my house.
I probably should have picked it up myself, but I like to tip the driver as I was one once myself.
About an hour and fifteen minutes later the food arrived cold and covered in grease from poorly handled wings.
How this is even possible with such a short trip is beyond me.
Hardly appeatizing as well.
They also swapped my dessert for some girly salad I didn't even order.
I tried calling the store back to complain, but apparently they were taking the evening off early and wouldn't answer the phone.
Did I mention I live  really close by?
Well I went to the store and found one guy just hanging out ignoring the phone.
Me as I'm carrying in a grease drenched bag of salad into the store, "you screwed up my order and got everything covered in grease".
"oh yah, I asked the driver if he just delivered cold food, and he said probably"  I admired his honesty, but couldn't believe my ears.
"I just sent him back out with your dessert".
"well can I get a refund or credit for the cold greasy food?".
He then proceeds to offer me 15 dollar credit and shows me it entered into their computer system.
I was ok with the solution and moved on.
However, today, only a few days later when trying to use the credit they claim there is nothing in the system.
Rather than argue and deal with their ineptitude I called it a day with little arguement and will just order from more reputable places.

Reluctantly!!!
We just ordered pizza and chicken wings from Rosati's, Tempe.
The last pizza was HORRIBLE!!!
We thought we'd give 1 last try because we had some box tops for half off?
We noticed we had a missed call from Rosati's?
We thought it was to confirm our order.
But it was a rude guy claiming his name was Scott claiming he was the owner and how did we collect 10 box tops?
We told him, "by buying pizza?
" He was rude and sounded like a drunk from the hood?
Maybe this guy is having money problems or something?
Do yourself a favor and AVOID SCOTT and all locations of Rosati's Pizza as this Scott guy was very unprofessional and If he is the owner we suggest he spend his time at AA, trying to make pizza,  and trying to get his customer service up to par from a ZERO!
If we could give Rosati's a ZERO STAR we would!

Much like a lot of reviewers on here, this place isn't the best.
I can make better homemade pizza with the cheapest of ingredients.
Our order was for pepperoni, pepperoni and olive, and their white pizza.
The pepperoni was very greasy yet on the bottom of the crust was layered with flour.
The white pizza was the worst.
I'm not sure why it tasted sweet but it had a strange sweet flavor to it.
It seems that no matter what it takes an hour to get your order, yet about an hour and 15 mins seems to be the actual estimate.
My kids love pizza, neither of them would eat it.
All kids should love pizza.

This Rosaties is super slow...they suck.
As I am typing this I am still waiting on my pizza.
I don't like this.
I am Hungry.
This is ridiculous.

I'm really surprised when I read the reviews of the haters here.
We live nearby and have been getting pizzas for years and have loved every one.
Just had my favorite - the Classic Combo.
Are the haters other pizza joints?

I used to like Rosati's Pizza, but tonight I ordered a pizza for delivery at my hotel, and they told me it would be WITHIN the hour.
1 hour and 40 minutes later the pizza arrived....cold.
What a waste of money!
The delivery man said he would have them take 10% off.....ooooh, really?
The pizza should have been free!
Sorry to say....this will be my last Rosati's pizza.

I keep trying this place cuz the pizza is decent.
However thus was the last time.
Told me my pizza would be here in an hour it wasn't.
I called after an hour and 15 mins later they said it was on it's way.
2 hours and 15 mins after I placed my order I called again.
They said it was sitting there at the restaurant waiting for me to come get it!
Why would they need my address and credit card info if I was picking it up?
I told them delivery and they just made excuses.
Never again.

For some reason my fiancé thought he really liked this place from prior experiences but I had never really been too impressed.
It had probably been a year and a half since we had ordered Rosati's so I figured we could give it a shot, I thought to myself that it must be better than Pizza Hut right?
Wrong.
We ordered the pepperoni classic (pepperoni, mushroom, green pepper and onion) and an order of garlic breadsticks.
Like the other reviews, we were told it would be about an hour for delivery.
That was fine, not really a big deal for a good pizza.
An hour and a half rolls around and we were both getting annoyed.
Eventually I see a truck circling our street and I saw him pull out and back in three different times.
I let my fiancé know and I told him that I thought it was probably the pizza guy having trouble with directions.
He went outside and the pizza guy didn't even come to our door he just met my fiancé at the sidewalk and gave him our pizza.
Weirdest pizza delivery ever.
No door knock, no introduction, nothing.
Weird.
Any how, after that weird pizza delivery situation we were starving.
Worried that the pizza was going to be cold and soggy after an hour and half.
It was.
It wasn't only that it was soggy it was also that the sauce had a very strange flavor to it.
I can't really put my finger on it but I guess it was probably most comparable to watered down soap.
Yuck.
I had a small piece and I was done.
The garlic breadsticks were the only redeeming factor of the whole order and they were quite delicious which is why I ultimately gave two stars.
The marina sauce that came with the breadsticks however, was also disgusting.
Overall I will not order from Rosati's again.
I will drive down to Spinato's instead and enjoy a delicious, freshly cooked and amazing pizza.

neighborhood pizza joint, sure it's a franchise, but when I'm at my folks house we order Rosati's and it's always been good.

How do you rate a place that has been so bad for so long.
High prices for mediocre pizza and long wait times to boot.
They just raised their already high prices even higher.
Lack of any care at all from the people taking the order to making you wait "cause its coming right up" for more than 20 additional minutes as they find your order and make it in front of you.
Nope...never again.

Love their double dough pizza.
This location is the best.
Great service great pizza.
Really surprised at the bad reviews.
My husband and I both agree this is the best Rosati's we have been to.
We are both pretty picky about our pizza and we have never had a bad pie here.

I've lived in Tempe for over thirteen years and have been ordering pizzas from this location since moving to Tempe from Ahwatukee.
I've never had a bad pizza from the Ahwatukee location (Lived there 6 months.
) nor the Tempe location.
On average we order Rosati's pizza from this location at least every 3 weeks or so.
We save the coupons from the boxes so we've had a lot of pizzas for half off over the 13 years of being a customer of the Tempe location.
Our favorite pizza has been the Gonzo (Pepperoni, spinach, green olives.
), we are currently ordering double pepperoni, double spinach, onions and black olives.
Same quality for over 13 years.
And no I have not received any compensation for this review - just wanted to submit an honest review.

