This Chili's isn't a lot different than the one on Mill.
However, not being on Mill does have its advantages with not being full of college kids all the time.
The service is pretty good and it's crowded all that often.
You can have a quiet dinner here more than at the one on Mill.
Pretty good Chili's here.

First off, let me explain what the HELL I was doing at a horrible chain restaurant (I don't even feel comfortable calling this pre-fab big box pre-frozen place a "restaurant").
I just started a job in Office Space near by on Elliot and needed a place I could get to, get served and get out within an hour with my friend on my dinner break.
As we cruised Elliot, the lights blinking of Wal Marts, Costcos, JcPennys, and all the gruesome fast food chains like a garish consumerist Las Vegas, I decided on Chillis b/c at least their memory had not been horrendous.
The last time I ate at one of these, it was TEN years ago-when I was 17.
It was next to Borders Books in NJ, and I thought it was kind of sophisticated (hey, I had been brought up on Malls, okay?).
The decor of this place confused me.
The bar is right at the entrance with a supremely low ceiling.
Seated at a tall table with some plush booths on the side and surrounded by five televisions, the waiter was fast with the iced teas.
The bar was actually designed kind of cool, with beers in ice on the bar, kind of like the practice of picking out lobsters out of tanks.
The drinks were disgusting looking (not our iced teas-they were fine-if served in PLASTIC beer mugs) in the menu, with all drinks mysteriously splashing and semen-resembling.
The decor...okay, there were also windows that looked out back into the restaurant...I mean I don't understand.
Is it supposed to be bohemian?
Like a "mexican shack"?
Country?
The decor confuses me instead of comforts me.
I feel like I am in a bad stage set of a western town, like a rompus room for tourist's kids or something.
We ended up with Southwestern Egg Rolls (which has like pureed chicken in it) and I did sneak a taste (yummy in the worst for you way-better than I remembered-but guarenteed to make my vegetarian stomach shrivel up and die) and the chocolate molten cake, which was OUT OF CONTROL.
A fucking huge chocolate cake with hot fudge stuff inside a huge dent, with a large vanilla scoop of ice cream encased in a hard chocolate shell.
These things were fine, standard, but expensive.
Do people realize they are paying like 7 bucks for an appetizer and like 6 bucks for a dessert they could get a LOT more for their money at an independent "real" restaurant?
The stars go to the service-all nice, helpful, and not in a scary generic way.
As David B. said...this Chilli's isn't a lot different than the one on Mill...or anywhere else in the world.

Let me explain the 3 stars.
I know the place is corporate, mundane and not all that exciting.
However, when I first decided that I would be moving to Tempe it was inside this Chili's.
That was more than a decade ago, but I know that I made the right decision in moving here.
The food at Chili's is worth 2 stars.
The ambiance, maybe 2 as well.
But at least mill ave is walking distance afterwards.
The location of this Chili's is pretty good.
But there are much better places to eat in the surrounding neighborhood.

