I was refered to Pecan Grove by a friend and have had great experiences.
I live in central Phoenix, so changing to a vet in Tempe was a big sacrifice.
But, Dr. Holmes and his staff are awesome.
They managed the care of both of my dogs in their later years, keeping them comfortable and pain free when they needed it.
They are extremely friendly and show genuine concern for the care of your pet.
And the rates are just right.
Also just found out that they are opening a new office on 5th Ave and McDowell in central Phoenix.
Can't wait to walk my dog to the vet!
Jay

We were referred to Pecan Grove this morning by our normal vet, Kennel Care.
Unfortunatly I wish it was under better circumstances, but our new puppy was diagnosed with Parvo last night at the emergancy vet and Kennel Care was unable to take us today as they were full.
Upon their recommendation I phone the team at Pecan Grove and was very please at how attentive they were and they asked me to come down with the puppy within the hour so they could start him on fluids.
As Parvo is a very touch and go situation, esp.
for a 9week old rottweiler, it is hard to know the next step.
Dr. Tuttle  was exceptionally kind and accomodating.
As the vet is only open 1/2 day on Saturday, she explained we could take our pup back over to our other vet afterwards or she could schedule us with the ER vet.
She also offered to put a line into the pup prior to use leaving should we have to go to the ER on Sunday so this would save money as the after hour places are very expensive.
It was so nice to have somone not only care so much for the puppy but also understand that in these economic times all things have to be taken into consideration and was willing to offer options and suggestions.

Dr. Tuttle is as sweet as they come and I had to up Pecan Grove to 5 stars.
We unfortunately lost our little guy to complications with the Parvo while he was in the care of another vet (Pecan Grove doesn't have the ability to do overnights).
Dr. Tuttle not only called the other vet daily to check on our little one but upon hearing of our loss, phoned me to offer condolences.
Today a hand written card came with a very personal note.
Doctor care & this level of personal caring doesn't get any better and I can't say enough kind things about her.
Get your dogs to Pecan Grove-they will thank you for years to come!

I cannot say enough good things about Dr. Holmes and his staff.
My dog was a rescue and they saved her life when the rescue group brought her in.
She's had to have surgery since we adopted her and the care she received was excellent.
Dr. Holmes called several times to follow up.
Everyone there is is so kind and really loves their patients.
I wish I could find a doctor who cared as much for me!

I've brought my dogs here and met with both Dr. Holmes and Dr. Edwards and they were both extremely knowledgeable and helpful.
Over the last 15 years of living in Phoenix we brought all 6 dogs that we have had in that time to come see them and I wouldn't go anywhere else.
This past summer I moved to Boston and regrettably haven't found a quality veterinary hospital like Pecan Grove.
Ashamedly, even after talking to my current vet and be unsatisfied with their answers, we called Pecan Grove and Dr. Holmes was very helpful and was even able to reference cases and articles to us over the phone.
While the answer we got from our Boston vet sounded more like they were guessing than actually knowing the answer.
Pecan Grove and everyone there is amazing and I wouldn't go anywhere else (had I not moved across the country)

I absolutely recommend this hospital to those looking for a forever vet.
Going to the vet is scary especially when it involves a family member, but pecan grove is the right choice.
I have already brought my rabbit and recently my dog here for treatment and the staff, vets, and vet techs have been amazing and so helpful.
Dr. Holmes has performed surgery on my rabbit (teeth removal and neutering).
He told me everything I needed to know beforehand and even promised that if he did not do the procedure properly he would not charge me for returning to do the procedure again.
He followed through and even called a couple days later to make sure everything was fine.
He works with a rabbit rescue and will give you a discount if you mention them.
Dr. Tuttle took care of my cutie pie.
she was bit by some neighbor's dog and had an infection in her paw.
although cutie was a bit hesitant to treatment, Dr. Tuttle did not hurt her.
She informed me of everything I needed to know to make sure that the wound would heal up properly.
Cutie is also a new addition to my family and I know nothing about her.
Dr. Tuttle made sure that I knew what types of vaccinations I needed to give her and also preventive care such as oral care, heart worm prevention, and boosters.
I asked a lot of questions concerning Cutie and she was patient and made sure all my worries were gone.
By the end of the appointments, I felt like I could go home and  take care of my pets in their time of need.
The facility is a bit small, but they are well equipped and even have their own pharmacy.
Although I think the pricing of their services is a bit overpriced, you can be sure that you and your pet are getting the care and attention you're  paying for.
You can visit their website at pecangrovevet.com or add them on facebook too.

It's now over a year later since my first five star review and this vet's office is better than ever.
Truly ten stars!
They ALWAYS call back, they care and I would NOT trust my two girls (two dogs) with anyone else.
I highly recommend Pecan Grove.
They are like a God send to me.
Thanks Pecan Grove, for being the best!!!
I really can't say enough good things about this Veterinary hospital.
We just moved here and they were awesome about getting me in asap.
Dr. Tuttle showed so much compassion to my wonderful dog Murray and mayself.
If you want a place where they understand your love for your pet, this is the place.
I had to make the horrible decision to euthanize my Murray (he was almost 16 and couldn't walk at this point) and she made a house call.
Murray hated going to the vet, so she came to us.
There are vets closer to me, but I would drive a long way because Dr. Tuttle is so amazing.

Dr Edwards is wonderful.
She is a very knowledgeable vet, and provides great care for our chihuahuas, one of which had an unusual disease during her first year of life.
Dr Edwards was very kind and loving to our new puppy, and provided her great treatment.
I highly recommend her and Pecan Grove Vet.

This small veterinary clinic is the best!
Every doctor there is friendly, knowledgable, and always takes the extra time necessary.
They are very compassionate and reasonably priced.
I highly recommend this place!!

Dr. Holmes is the most knowledgeable rabbit vet!
He is great at what he does and really cares.
He works with local rescues which truly shows how much he cares about helping animals!
Last year I had an emergency with my rabbit, and even though he was booked, he somehow managed to squeeze us in.
Wouldn't go any place else!

My Fiance surprised me with a new puppy, which means a doggy doctor is needed.
I have been to Pecan Grove previously to see Dr. Holmes for my rabbit  domino.
The visit was quick, affordable, and he gave me a bunch of suggestions as preventative measures for common rabbit ailments.
I saw Dr. Edwards yesterday with my new puppy Bernie.
She was very friendly, informative and kinda hot.
Bernie liked her and that is what matters.
I love that she took the time to actually pet him and get her face licked....he's a real vicious one.
I got his second vaccination, and she informed me of the parvo epidemic that spread across the valley.
After being thoroughly scared, I thought I should do a stool sample since he was around other dogs a week ago, but instead of running the test and charging me, she said it was not necessary as he has shown no symptoms and is in great condition.
I was given a puppy packet, a free month of pet insurance, a month supply of heart work preventative and again, even though I was ready to buy the 6 month supply, she told me to wait since Bernie is growing so fast.
I really love that they are not trying to sell me everything under the sun.
Second great experience here, and intend to stay with this vet.

I'm a hoarder....let me put that another way, I'm an over indulgent DINK, who takes her pets and their needs, wants and perceived desires very seriously.
(Stick with me, the crazy train hasn't derailed yet, these vets are awesome) So, when I first went to Pecan Grove, I was wanting a fancy lobby and exam room and well, it doesn't exist.
I thought my one eyed cat and the rest of the crew that have been rescued over the years from the e-list would need granite counters, hydraulic exam tables and flavored waters, turns out we don't.
I am giving them the best when I take them to Pecan Grove..   No fancy lobby or exam room, instead, Pecan Grove is a nice hospital who doesn't cater to my crazy side but does an excellent job of meeting the medical needs of my pets while also keeping my wallet in check even if I'm willing to empty it all over their lobby in an effort to give my "babies" everything they need....yes, I will look into a therapist after I finish this review...   Dr. Edwards is who I typically see and she is extremely knowledgeable.
I have had the usual host of kitty colds, dog ear infections, kitty ear mites and the like and the much more life threatening and unfortunately life ending experiences with her and she has gotten me through all of them with a great deal of finesse and I've always felt my pets were in the best hands possible.
They have gotten me specialists when necessary and have delivered the news that even the best medicine would not cure what ails my pet and helped me with those decisions as well.
Truly, some of the best vet care I could ask for.
I'll keep going back.

One word for this place is well two....the best!!!!
I have seen all of the doctors and you cannot go wrong with any of them.
I am now seeing Dr. Edwards bc she was the one that got me thru my first time putting my first dog down.
The true love, compassion, and sympathetic she gave me and my dog is something you cannot get anywhere else!!!
She also sent out a card to me that was so meaningful wasn't just of BS.
They don't pressure you with oh you need this or you have to have this done.
They give you what you need plain and simple no sugar coating!!!
Prices....are great.
I left another vet where I was paying $200 just to walk thru the door not here.
I mean I could go on and on about this place.
If you are looking for a fancy place this isn't it.
This place is a vet with loving and caring people who work there and very down to earth!
Wouldn't go anywhere else!

We brought in our cat for vaccinations and again when he had swelling on his paw.
I love this place!
Everyone here really loves animals and it shows.
Dr. Edwards took care of our cat, and she was very kind and informative.
The prices are reasonable, too.
I'm so glad we found this veterinary clinic.

Dr. Holmes is still the best!
He squeezes you in when you need to get in for emergencies and he really does care about the animals.
I have 2 dogs and 2 rabbits and all four have had their share of health problems at one time or another.
Dr. Holmes is one of those rare vets out there that is in this field for the right reasons.
Pricing here is incredibly reasonable, they do not do unneeded testing, Dr. H is honest and on the very rare occasion something comes up where he isn't 100% sure on something he will straight up tell you that and either do some more research/investigating or if needed he will refer you to a specialist for a second opinion.
(FYI: the one time one of our dog's was referred to a specialist, Dr. Holmes was right and it was recommended our dog continue to take the meds already prescribed by Dr. H.)   If you are looking for the best vet, your search is over.

Dr Edwards is the Vet in Heels.
I love the staff, they are very understanding and caring.
They were very nice when I had to put my cat to sleep last year.
Choosing a good vet is a big deal, so even though I moved to North Phoenix, I still make the drive to Pecan Grove down in Tempe.

I will always be so grateful to Dr. Edwards for the loving care she gave my precious cat Sterling.
Although now with his other furry friends in heaven, Dr. Edwards was kind, compassionate and understanding and went above and beyond to make sure we got the best care and information possible in making a difficult decision.
She is truly an angel in disguise and has been a blessing to all of our furballs.

Watch your bill!
Years ago I took my cat there cuz she had climbed into my car without my noticing til the next day - in the summer heat.
I immediately put her into a sink of cold dish water to quickly cool off before taking her to Pecan Grove.
Estimate $186, kept overnight giving fluids.
Bill over $600 for unauthorized tests, etc, who knows what now.
Paid with credit card.
When doing my income taxes noticed the $600+ was charged twice.
I provided proof to the clinic office manager who reluctantly gave me a refund of one of the duplicates, complaining that they had since changed credit card management companies & would have trouble with it.
So not only did they overcharge me $416 plus $600 - total over $1000, they complained when asked for a refund.

