i love Subway.
i really do.
usually its fast, healthy, and one of those work lunches that doesnt make you want to curl up under your desk and take a little nap during the afternoon.
i do not love this particular Subway.
they are ridiculously slow.
i dont know whether its due to the fact that employee's aren't quite seasoned or if they just dont care.
they also have a strange assembly line thing going on.
one guy does bread/meat cheese.
one guy does some of the veggies and the last guy puts on your 'sauce'.
this creates a giant cluster if one of the guys asks you a question that doesnt apply to his section.
that means the next guy is going to ask you the same question again or he'll lean over and ask the first guy.
well, thats even if the first can remember the sandwich he's making after youve told him for the fourth time.
i can deal with the lack of efficiency and the very distracted sammich makers, but i really wasnt a fan of the cashier who decided to bring up the latest tragedy in Tuscon and give me her whole opinion on the situation.
i just stared at her blankly and prayed to the cashier gods that the register wouldnt break.
i just want my damn sammich, not a lesson in political leanings.
thanks.

This Subway is close to where I work, and I've always had speedy service with no hassle.

Relatively clean location.
Staff is prompt and efficient ftmp.
Menu items are relatively good and reasonably priced.
What I don't like it they keep changing the menu layout.
It's not like they add multiple new items, they just keep moving things around and creativing new categories.
Seems they have a $8.00 sub -did you know that?!
Overall the place is convenient, both in location and menu items, and often times a last minute option when we can't decide on dinner.

I've been to this Subway almost every week for three years.
It's always been decent.
Predictable.
Very typical subway.
Sometime in the past couple months they changed management and it has really gone to crap.
All the previous employees are gone, replaced with idiots.
I don't just mean that in a flippant way.
They really are dumb.
They fail at the most basic elements of operating a sub shop, like having bread cooked and available.
Service is now painfully slow.
The store is perpetually understaffed.
Avoid until the change management again.

