Ray and his team did a GREAT job for me!
Tile and carpet was installed in my 1800sq.
ft home and it looks awesome.
Thanks for a job well done.
Mark Siebel http://www.doggiestepsdogtraining.com/

These guys did a fantastic job on my tile and wood laminate install.
I'd recommend them to my family and friends.

OK.... how this business doesn't have a million 5 star  reviews is unbeknownst to me.
I had ceramic tile and carpet throughout my home and I really wanted hardwood but I didn't want to do the work to maintain it.
So i search and search on line and finally found the brand and style of tile that i wanted.
I actually went to a different tile store down the street from these guys and on the way back decided to stop in.
Well...
I was greeted by Kris who was very professional, asked what we were interested in but definitely was not salesy.
She gave us a free sample and her card so we  could try it out in our home and some very rough estimates of how much things would cost.
She offered to come out and do a free estimate and I accepted.
I did some more window shopping and found an even better version of the tile that I wanted so when she came to do the estimate (on time I might add) I asked if she could get that tile and she said no problem.
She was VERY patient with me because we should've started the work in March and I kept pushing it out and we finally started at the beginning of  May.
But the entire time, she was completely understanding and not pushing to close the deal.
Now, because I have tile that looks like wood I wanted to get the smallest grout line possible,1/16 of an inch, I was VERY nervous about their ability to get it done right but at some point I needed to bite the bullet.
Turns out I was nervous for no reason at all.
My floors came out ABSOLUTELY amazing.
Like better than I could imagine.
My floors look like they could be featured on Houzz.com lol.
They sent a VERY professional crew to our home, they showed up on time, explained what they were doing every step of the way, cleaned up at the end of their work day, even worked on Saturdays.
It was all around a WONDERFUL experience.
Carlos and his crew and PHENOMENAL!
You're lucky if you are able to get those guys to do your install.
If you are thinking about getting any flooring done, do yourself a favor and call and ask for Kris.
You definitely won't regret it.

Ron Howe was our sales person and did a phenomenal job.
The carpet install was beautiful, seamless, and is so comfortable.
We had one mix up with baseboards but they came right back and made it great.
We will be using them in the future for sure when it's time to do the tile.

