The staff at Warner Vista Animal Hospital is top notch.
Always caring, helpful, knowledgeable and accommodating.
We've been taking our two dogs there for over six years now and we have nothing but good things to say.
If you have pets, I can't imagine a Veterinarian's office taking better care of you.

After my dogs nueter at another vet, some swelling, and a receptionist telling me that basically my dog is going to die from internal bleeding I rushed to this office after a recommendation from a coworker.
Dr Carr and his staff were incredible and eased my mind quickly.
They took great care of me and my dog, and sent me on my way with the medicine I needed right from the office, no other stops necessary.
My dog was fine as the staff had assured me over the phone.
I will not take my dogs to another vet again, this office is far superior.

Dr.Carr is amazing!
He has been our vet for 8 years now.
The staff is great and the office is close to home and very clean.
There are several other vets in the area, but we only use Dr. Carr.
Even if I lived in Tucson, I would come here.
Actually, our friend lives on the Westside, and he only comes to Dr. Carr as well, on our recommendation.
He is very knowledgeable and will do EVERYTHING to help your animal.
Trust me.
Our American Bulldog had cancer and Dr. Carr was amazing with his care.
and ultimately, our dogs passing.
Maxximus didn't respond well to chemo, so he had to leave us, but he was well taken care of while under Dr, Carr's supervision.

I took my dog to Warner Vista for an emergency issue at the recommendation of another area veterinary office.
I ended up having to make a decision to put him down, but the entire staff was so amazing through the entire process.
They were extremely compassionate, provided detailed, extensive information regarding the condition, treatment options, etc.
that helped me to make a very difficult decision.
I didn't feel rushed; they answered questions up to the very last moment, explained the process and really took the approach that it was all about making sure that my last wishes for my dog were carried out.
I highly recommend Warner Vista.

Dr. Carr at Warner Vista Animal Hospital in Gilbert and his staff are the most wonderful and compassionate veterinarian staff I have ever known.
We lost our precious Tucker on Saturday.
Things happened quickly and we didn't have much time to prepare.
As we held Tucker and said goodby, Doc Carr not only made us as comfortable as possible but he cried right along with us.
You see, he too had fallen under the spell of that furry little wonder dog.
We had not thought to get his paw print before we left home and were slightly upset with ourselves.
Guess what we got in the sympathy card from his staff today?
Yep.
They had made green (as in grass) prints for us.
Little things like that mean so much.
Thank you, Dr. Carr.
(And staff)

PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE DECIDING WHETHER TO VISIT.
We first started going to warner vista after we adopted our dog a year ago.
The service was ok, never great, but never bad.
So we kept returning.
On a saturday morning I called in to get my dog seen as he was showing some alarming signs he was very sick.
Warner Vista was not able to accommodate the request and suggested i go to an emergency animal hospital or wait til Monday.
I then called Caring Hearts Animal Clinic, from a friends recommendation, and they made space for him that day.
He tested positive for Parvo even though he had been vaccinated at Warner Vista.
Caring Hearts treated him that day outpatient as inpatient was very expensive.
Caring Hearts also suggested that i get in contact with Warner Vista so they could call the vaccine manufacturer as the Manufacturers have guarantees and will cover the costs if our dog meets the criteria.
Warner Vista was closed til Monday.
Sunday Caring Hearts opened 730 am for our dog's outpatient treatment even though they were closed.
They opened before opening hrs on Monday for the same thing.
At 8am monday i called Warner Vista explaining my dog has parvo, he was vaccinated there and i need them to call the manufacturer to see if they would cover the expenses.
The lady said Denise is out of the office and she does that.
I inquired if there is anyone else at the office that could call and inquire and she said no.
Tuesday morning Caring Hearts opened before hours again!
for outpatient treatment.
8am tuesday i call in again to Warner Vista to make sure Denise contacts the manufacturer.
The lady said Denise doesn't come in til 2pm and she will call me right away.
I did not hear from Warner Vista again til a week later.
I called Caring Hearts right after this on the tuesday and they were in shock.
They went ahead and got in contact with the manufacturer, even though they have no relationship with them and use a different brand vaccine, and within 2 hrs they and agreed to cover the expenses.
Tuesday at lunch i took my dogs in for inpatient treatment at caring hearts.
By the next Monday at 4 pm (7 days later)!
i got a call from Denise at Warner Vista asking for information to contact Merial the vaccine manufacturer.
I hung up in shock.
We had said goodbye to our dog the night before because it did not look like he would make it.
Fortunately, he did, he didn't eat or drink for 12 whole days and by wednesday, after 13 days of being sick, 12 days of treatment (9 inpatient) he came home.
I know that without that inpatient treatment he would be dead, and we would not have been able to provide that, not knowing the costs would be covered.
My dog would have been dead if i had waited for Warner Vista, Caring Hearts Animal Clinic not only saved my dog, they took the initiative when Warner Vista failed miserably, and also told us that when and if we reach the $5000 limit the vaccine manufacturer will cover, they (Caring Hearts) will cover any costs after the $5000.
I really hope you read this and do not take your dog to Warner Vista.
And to top this review off, our friends dog that was vaccinated at Warner Vista also got parvo.
Just something to think about.

