I gave it four stars, because for what it is supposed to do, it does well.
I ALWAYS order a number one combo, white meat, large.
If you are on a diet, this place doesn't make it seem so bad.
I think I could probably live off this.
I can't really contribute more, because I have never ventured outside the realm of the number one combo......
Sorry.

Haven't eaten there in 12 years.
But it was great.
Perfect portion for a good price

All Kyoto Bowls are pretty much the same, so this review could apply to any of them.
It's OK.
If you're on a diet, it's pretty good because it's low-fat, low-cal, and better tasting than a salad.
Some of the upcharges are just silly - brown rice wholesale is basically the same price as white rice, so why the $1 upcharge?
The steamed veggies are heavy on cabbage on celery and light on the tastier more colorful veggies.
And no Japanese curry???
Or Katsu???
The decor is just awful - everything is a depressing shad of teal (everything!
walls, booths, chairs, etc), with 1980's faux brass finishes everywhere.
Dim lighting and a lots of ugly spindly plants everywhere round out the picture; a depressing ambience overall.
If you want cheap, good, big portions of Japanese fast food, with an eating area that won't make you suicidal, hit Yoshi's (two locations in Phoenix) or Tokyo Stop in Tempe.
(See my reviews)

Japanese fast food at reasonable rates.
I go here sometimes if we are in the area and want something in a rice bowl.
All the bowls I've gotten here have been pretty good, but it honestly doesn't compare to Teriyaki Kitchen on Guadalupe and Dobson, which has a wider selection of fast food Japanese with similar prices.

Lately it seems their standards have gone down.
The chicken is dry when I order white meat.
If im paying extra I would expect better tasting food.

Wanting something other than a sandwich I stopped in.
I got a chicken teriyaki bowl with white chicken.
The chicken tasted bland and manufactured.
A few pieces were also a bit fatty.
The sauce was good but not good enough to save the meal.
Thumbs down.

This place is NOT GOOD.
DO NOT EAT HERE!
It's the worst place ever!

Samurai Sam's is way better.

Food was bland and not very good.
Didnt even have any hot sauce.
Place could use an update on the decor as well...

Ahhhh, Kyoto Bowl.
I used to live around the corner from this branch and have many fond memories of walking there.
My parents have ZERO tolerance for more adventurous food.
My sister is scared to death of fish (because it once had a head, I know, the terror...).
My mom knew of nothing else except colonial food (chicken, mash potatoes, etc.
) so when I turned old enough to work, I would walk here in my efforts to seek different food.
I learned to like California rolls, noodles and tofu here.
They have hot, green tea for 75 cents.
Not bad.
If you want to eat healthy and don't want to pay dinner price and tip and you want simple sushi, I recommend Kyoto Bowl.
The tinkling fountain makes it relaxing.

The food is too expensive.
The portions aren't very good for the price.
Across the street is Panda Express which is about the same amount of food, cheaper and has a drive-thru.
The gentleman at the front counter that takes orders at the register had a cup in his hand taking a sip of his drink while taking my order.
Then he proceeded to say hello to a customer I assume is a regular and threw something at him.
It was all very unprofessional to say the least all while taking my order.
Needless to say I won't be coming back.

Usually love Kyoto bowl but the last 2 times we have ordered there we have been disappointed.
We ordered the hot & spicy chicken and the chicken was dry and there were absolutely no veggies and the dish was flavorless.
I understand one time that there could be a training issue but for this to happen twice alarms me.
I will give it one more try then it is off my list of quick weeknight dinners.

Food is overpriced.
Got the spicy chicken terriaki and it wasn't even spicy.
Nor do they have any spicy sauce to give you, besides jalepeno sauce.
I also ordered a salad with ranch.
The ranch is your ordinary store bought bottle kind, and the salad lacked any green leafs.
They also charge you for fortune cookies!
I won't go back to this location.

Mediocre, overpriced food and a terrible wait for two containers of pre-made sushi and a salad, to go.
Oh, and tip jars at the registers.
Tips jars for what exactly?
It's fast food.
On the plus side, if you don't count the well-worn signage, and the old faded décor it is very clean.
I almost forgot, for sheer entertainment purposes, make sure to check out the misspelled sign in the ladies room!
(Sorry guys, you are out of luck on this one!

Food is not overpriced.
It is cooked to order.
Service is prompt.
I come here often and have enjoyed Kyoto Bowl for a decade.
The decor could use a refresh.
Overall I like this place.

Love Kyoto Bowl!
Good teriyaki chicken, very good egg rolls, and a solid selection of other entrees.
They are fast and offer to- go orders here, and don't charge for changing to brown rice, etc.
For a good, fast meal, it's not a bad choice

