Dear Arizona Cardinals,  Can you please get your crap together and win some games (similar to last night) so Phoenicians will like you and you can finally build a fan base?
While I half-enjoyed watching you spank the St. Louis Rams yesterday in the last game of the season, while scoring the most points in a Cardinals game since the 1970s, you still suffer from mediocrity.
Your win against the lowly Rams was hardly inspiring since that team completely sucks.
AND FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, can you please beat the piece-of-crap 49ers?!?!
You remind me of a nouveau riche socialite with no manners.
You have a beautiful expensive abode, but still seem like you're from the wrong side of the tracks.
Please tell your owners to stop being so cheap, beef up your roster, spend a little dough and take some risks and the ever-elusive glory years might be around the corner.
Last night, a jaded and cynical fan of yours told my friends (in Rams jerseys) in the parking lot, "Thanks for sucking today.
WE usually suck and all, but your team was much worse.
"  Funny and defeatist attitude, but what do you expect?
I'll be here waiting, cheering and hoping.
There's always next season.
Five stars for trying.
One star for the crappy ownership.

I'm not a football expert by any stretch so this review is strictly based on entertainment value.
I watched my very first live professional football game today with you against the team I pick if I have to pick one just because I was born in their city, the 49ers.
I had a great seat in section 134, in the 8th row, which overlooked one of the end zones from the side.
In the sea of red, I sat amongst both Cardinals and 49er fans and not one fight broke out.
I was expecting an altercation of sorts to happen somewhere cuz this game got progressively tense until the 49ers blew it at the end.
But the Cardinals were completing passes like no ones business and apparently, according to the bf, "my team" stinks.
Anyways, the Cardinals had no intentions of allowing the 49ers to maintain any sort of lead and I watched it all go down with beers in my collector's cup and a couple chomps of my friend's AZ dog.
Today's game included a special tribute for Veteran's Day and Jordan Sparks sang one of the best National Anthem's I've ever heard at a pro sporting event.
I was super excited to be here in Glendale breaking my football cherry.
I had started watching a few games before coming so I could get up to speed with what little football knowledge I have from my days of being the high school half time show.
I know that R stands for Referee and LJ stands for Line Judge.
But that guy with the BJ on his striped jersey?
He must be the new guy ; )

IM Convo:  PA - Are you watching the game?
CJ- No PA - They're winning CJ - They'll blow it in the 2nd half  *** PA - We've got a whole quarter left CJ - Score?
PA - Eagles by 1 w/ 1045 in the game, this is where the cards can show their heart CJ - 'can' but they won't lol PA - i say the Cards will answer once w/ a 2 pt conversion in there CJ - lol PA - td CJ - if they (the Cards) can get a turnover, it's done, so if they stop the eagles drive right there, they can just down the ball for 2 minutes PA - i called it  *** PA - oooo 3rd down, 2 minute warning (who cares what CJ has to say at this point) PA - 4rth down PA - Cards PA - they won PA - they're crying  Congratulations, Arizona!
And congratulate me, too.
This season is the most football I've ever watched AND understood in my LIFE!
Thank you

Let this sink in: the Cardinals are going to the Superbowl.
I've had season tickets for years.
I don't say that to distance myself from the bandwagon - that's just an ancillary benefit.
But you've got to understand that long-suffering Cards fans find joy in small things.
A win against St. Louis?
Awesome.
A light breeze in Sun Devil Stadium?
Thank goodness.
A team that approaches mediocrity?
Bliss.
I didn't think I'd be going to the NFC championship game.
Money's tight, ya heard?
But the pops-in-law came through and hooked us up at the last second.
We tailgated with a cooler of PBR and then watched the best game of our lives.
All I can say is, "FINALLY!

I want to be perfectly honest here and say that the 5 star review is forthe past two seasons.
Though I have been a fan since the team was in St. Louis (I lived in Chicago, my dad is a Bears fan) this year,or past few games desrves the rating.
I think it is safe to say that the new stadium has helped this team.
Though Denny Green didnt win with it, he is partially responsible for the talent that is here now.
I have been following this fanchise for almost 24 years and can say that I agreed with the people of St. Louis years after the birds left, that Bidwell may have cheated them out of a Super Bowl.
I will always be a fan because thats what fans do.
But I want to relish this moment.
How often have fans of this franchise been able to say we are on top?
The offseason will also be promising as the Cards have the most money to spend of anyof the teams.
If the the Bidwells aretrully committed to winning, the franchise looks to be in fairly good shape for a few years to come!
Go Cards!

WOW!!
I am fully shocked by them...
I'll admit and say that the win hasn't fully sunk in yet.
I mean I knew they were going to be good, but not THIS good!
I've only been a fan since Boldin came to Az, but what atmosphere it has brought to the valley, and I really didn't believe that the 'Cards would make it to a championship game before the SUNS!!
but hey, being a fan - i'll take it!!
Fitzgerald is the man hands down.
Glad they had some luck combimed with the hard work and it has paid off!!
I am looking forward to the years to come!

I don't care what ANYONE says... one friggin' successful season DOES NOT undo two decades of the most crap-tasticly awful football!!
Yeah, yeah, yeah - I'm glad they're actually going to go but I'm not that thrilled... you see, their recent confrence win means, I lost a 10 year old bet!
booo!!!
But oh well...
I guess it was a lil stupid of me to think that they'd never make it to the superbowl in my lifetime.
So they're going to the big Bowl... whoo hoo... i guess... but dude, seriously... where the HELL was this LAST YEAR?!?!
Yeah... last year!!
When the superbowl was in ARIZONA!!
DUH!!
How awesome would that have been?!
AZ goes to the superbowl in AZ!!
Talk about economical boost!
But alas, the big game is all the way in Tampa Bay...
I unno if many of the cardinal fans will be making it, but for a once in a lifetime event like this... you never know.
even though I HATE football... and I am comfortable with hating the Cardinals and decades long suckfest.... it's nice to see the ultimate underdogs finally have their day.
Sure they suck, sure they've been the worst team in history... but like so many things in America... We are about to experience a change.
Now... if I can only allude my old high school bookie for a few weeks until I have enough to make good on my bet!

my review is based on my fan-ship.
A-OK.  i would give it 4 stars but i'm not really a fan...and they are not as good as it gets...so whatever.
i'll re-review this every year..here is looking to next year when maybe i can be a 4 star fan..yaheard?

As a Minnesota native I've had the pleasure of seeing my Vikings reach four Super Bowls.
Well, I didn't see them in the first one, cuz I was barely an embryo at the time.
But I was glued to the screen for three of those championship games.
We lost the first one.
And the second.
No shit.
We lost the third.
Fourth times a charm though, right?
In my best Whitney, "Oh hell to the NO!
" Zero for four.
Just like Mclean Stevenson sitcom career.
So Cardinals.
YEA!
Kickass and Woo Freakin' Hoo Baby!
I'm stoked for the big game.
How ironic it could be that the 2nd most losingest franchise in all of sports history (second only to the Cubs) may give me the joy of my first Super Bowl win.
Now.
Time to make the chili and chill the beer.

I'm still in shock and awe that the Cardinals are (might be) a real, bonafide team.
Come January 2009, I *had* to watch the Super Bowl just to verify that fact.
I was once convinced that they were part of some elaborate, Andy Kaufmanesque hoax.
I had heard of the Stanford Cardinal.
I knew that there was a baseball team called the Cardinals.
But, football - really?
Now, after their performance in this year's Super Bowl I'm not necessarily convinced of the opposite but I'm definitely on board and willing to play along.
Bravo.
Nicely done, AZ.

I am glad that 20 plus years of being a Cardinals fan is finally paying off.
Here is to another great season..
Looking forward to the next.

Getting Better, but with Warner gone...i fear a real inconsistent couple of years coming up.
Good Luck in 2010 Cards

Geez, it only took them 20 seasons to actually become interesting and now Kurt Warner is probably going to retire, they'll go back to be ignored.
They used to play home games where sometimes visiting fans outshouted the locals.
Maybe now they'll finally have an identity in the desert but it sure has taken them a long time to do that.

Love love LOVE my Cardinals, through thick and thin :)

Too many bad years to even put them at average.
Outside of the superbowl run in 2008, no consistency historically.
Honestly, without that superbowl appearance, they will be sitting at one star.
From the days in St Louis to when they were playing at ASU....marked team on the schedule - easy win  Grade: D

The Cardinals have began to change the reputation as a losing franchise.
Team has at least 1 future Hall of Famer on it.
They have about 3 others that should garner consideration when they do retire.
I am not including future stars in that.
Fitzgerald, Dockett, Peterson, Abraham are the players I am including.
They have fairly recently had 3 home playoff games.
A Super Bowl Run.
The experience of watching a game live is awesome.
Especially, when games are close.
A lot of games of come down to the wire.
Factor in some of those have been playoff games.
The experience is one of the best I have ever experienced.
Do not ever judge the overall experience if you happen to attend a preseason game.
These games are meaningless to the fans and they feel that way.
They are fun to go to, but not even close to the same.
The overall event is awesome.
You have to go all out at least once.
Take the family, or friends.
Tailgate, enjoy the game, go to Westgate afterwards.
Staff has always been friendly.
Service has never been bad, but it has gotten better.
Season ticket holder since 2006

