Tried to overcharge me for a double cheeseburger and then when I tried to explain to the manager what happened they seemed to not have a clue how to fix (I had to explain it to them about 4 times for them to understand and then i pretty much had to spell out what they should do to make it right).
The place doesnt look very clean and I would consider this to be below the standards for most burger kings.

Okay.
My first trip here in a while was breakfast time.
They asked me to pull in front to wait on my hash browns.
6 minutes later I had my food.
Usually when fast good places make you wait too long, they give you bigger fries.
But not this place.
My second trip there (the next day) I had to wait 10 minutes for my food which was also at breakfast time.
Despite how delicious their breakfast menu is, I won't be back here for a while.

Been here a couple times.
The quality of the food seems to be going down, fast.
The service is ok, but definitely not great.
The wait for food in the drive through is pretty bad, for fast food drive thru.
Won't be going here very often.
Too bad, cause I used to like their breakfast.

Burger King is OK. Are they the best?
I don't think so.
Are they the worst?
No.
That is saved for that golden arched place.
Their burgers are good and they try so hard.
You kind of feel bad for them.
I don't go here a lot but sometimes a Whopper sounds good.
They are the underdog you kind of secretly cheer for.
The food is good.
The place is clean.
I like slotted spatula door handles.
Service is good too.
I like their fries and onion rings.
Sometime you just want a cheap lunch and it is right across the street from where I work.

I like this Burger King the best out of all the BK's in the area.
The interior is clean with employees actively maintaining it and the service is good, and the play area actually smells and looks CLEAN.
The food quality is also better at this location.
No complaints from me.

I got the cinnabon mini's here yesterday and have been trying to recover from food poisoning since.
So disgusting.
I will NEVER go to another burger king for the rest of my life.

