Chris and Nichole Sweeney are great!
They are friendly and always willing to help!
All Wet Scuba is the best dive shop in the Valley and they are also a CDC!
It doesn't get any better than that!
They also have a great Course Director and a very extensiveTec Diver program!

Did my open water certification course here.
They accommodated my schedule and we're easy to work with.

I've been waiting to complete my Open Water certification to write this review, and it's been a long time in coming (completely my fault, not theirs).
I found All Wet via Groupon, because I'd been trying to find the time and money to get certified.
Groupon brought me in, but there are several other reasons why I'll go back.
First, they are very accommodating.
I had a few scheduling issues, and they were more than happy to work with me.
I had to reschedule my whole class when an unexpected trip came up, and they got me into the next available spot.
Then I accidentally double-booked myself for the Saturday of the Friday-Sunday class.
One of the instructors met with me the following Wednesday to go over the material I missed so I could take the written test.
It was awesome that they were willing to do that, or I'd have had to reschedule again!
Then, I got sick just before the lake dive.
It can be dangerous to dive with any head congestion, so I was urged to duck out of that trip.
The holidays came up right after that, and by the time I got myself back over there to reschedule, almost 3 months had gone by.
Again, it was no problem and they got me right in to the next available class.
If I had one complaint, it would be that I didn't know exactly what to expect when I went in to redeem my Groupon, and it seemed like they expected that I would.
That led to a few surprises (especially considering the long delay between that meeting and the first class...verbal instructions were forgotten).
I would have loved a written syllabus of what was to come, what was expected of me, what I'd need to buy/rent and when I'd need it, and all maps and instructions and paperwork all included in one nice little bundle, for everything from that moment until I physically receive my certification card.
It was nothing that asking a few questions didn't solve (and they are very happy to answer any kind of question, in person or on the phone) but I can see that there might be some stuff that someone inexperienced wouldn't even consider to ask beforehand.
My favorite thing about All Wet is the instructors.
Through my whole process I worked with Brett (the owner), and 5 other diving instructors.
Each one was clearly knowledgable, obviously loved what they did, was friendly and supportive, and made the class a lot of fun.
They understand that each person is in a different place going in to this, and they are willing to provide one-on-one assistance if necessary.
They really want everyone to have fun and be safe.
I'm very excited to work with All Wet in the future.
I want to get my Advanced Open Water certification and hopefully take some specialty courses, and I'll definitely do that here.
Eventually I'll start investing in my own gear, but until then, they rent out equipment for reasonable costs.
I really want to continue on in this hobby, and I'm glad there's a great local dive shop, since we're hundreds of miles from the nearest ocean.
I highly recommend All Wet Scuba!

The instructors Jeff, Justin, Jay and John made my open water certification enjoyable and fun.
They always went the extra mile and made sure that I was enjoying my experience while learning how to dive.
Further, they were extremely flexible with my tight schedule when it came to class and dive times.
I highly recommend these instructors and this shop.

This fella is brilliant to deal with; straight-up with quality/pricing and an entertaining personality to boot!
Happily satisfied customer.

I got my Open Water Certification at All Wet Scuba a couple years ago.
Right from the start I was welcomed as family.
Everything went so well, that I continued training with them getting all kinds of specialties as well as my Advanced.
After hanging out with every one at the shop not only did I feel like family I became family.
I went on to get my Rescue, divemaster and eventually became an Instructor... all because of the great service, fantastic instructors, and the warm and fuzzy feeling I got from everyone.
Thanks All Wet Scuba for changing my life for the better.

Some of the most incompetent and irritating people i've ever met.
I have had to drive back to the store 5 times in the last week because of things they forgot to give me or tell me while I was there the previous time.
They did not tell me anything about what the pool dive would entail or how it would be 8 hours so I showed up with out a lunch.
They also didn't tell me that I needed to set up the gear 5 times before the pool dive while I was there picking up my gear at the store so they called and told me I had to come back and set it up.
I couldn't make it back for the 4th time before my pool dive so I went anyways to the dive the next day.
I showed up at the pool, no one was there.
When the instructor did arrive she said she received a call saying that I wouldn't be coming since I didn't pick up my gear.
Are you kidding me?
She let me spend 8 hours in the smallest pool with 10 other people but made be put together and take apart the gear 5 times before she would sign my log book.
It was a long day.
So the next day I headed back to ALL WET SCUBA to return my gear, they give me no help unloading the heavy tanks, BCD, and weights.
She forgot to sign my diver's log the first time for the online portion so I handed it to her and she said she couldn't sign it because she wasn't my dive instructor.
I said "I know, you never signed off on the learning portion.
" She laughed as in wasting my time coming back and forth so many times was hilarious.
With my log book signed and gear returned I breathed a sigh of relief that I was done dealing with them and never had to come back.
But this morning I wake up to a text that I have to return back to the shop YET AGAIN to pick up a referral.
I wanted to say,"is this something I could have picked up yesterday!
" I wasn't planning on writing a review but this was one of the most frustrating experiences I've had to deal with.
I would recommend finding a different dive shop 100%

My wife and I recently got certified for Open Water right before our honeymoon in Hawaii, and although the days were long, the training was perfect!
We had an amazing time exploring all the life off the coast in Maui, but more importantly we were confident and prepared.
We eventually had four dives with two different Master Divers and each one couldn't believe how well we did and said we needed tell the instructors how well they did their job!
Thank you to all the instructors at All Wet Scuba!

