Unfortunately after trying bad sushi joints and yes they include all you can eat sushi places I thought that I couldn't eat worse.
Well how wrong was my take on that.
The absolute no no in sushi is when the raw food isn't fresh.
A good thumb rule is if the seafood smells more than usual its probably old.
Well that's exactly what I got here.
The service was good.
BTW they expect you to spend a minimum of $20

Food was excellent!
The sushi was fresh and really good, the gyoza, soup, salad, and chicken teriyaki were also all delicious!
I can't wait to go back!
We went on a Friday night, so it got pretty busy around 7pm.
I was weary after reading the other reviews, but I'm so glad I didn't listen!
3 couples went, one of which had 2 children, and all 8 of us loved the food we ordered!

This place is always dead Makes me sad.
I freakin' love the sushi here!
VERY fresh.
Everytime I sit at the sushi bar the chef throws extras my way, which is much appreciated.
I do feel bad for the fishies in the tank behind the sushi bar though... it's almost as if they're thinking "AHHHH!!!!
WE'RE NEXT!!!

I came here with a group of coworkers for lunch.
Be warned -- stay away!
The sushi was not good.
They got my order wrong (I ordered the salmon instead of the other fish that they have on their lunch menu) and yet they were adamant that its the same fish!
Okay, the last I checked, salmon has pink flesh and butterfish has white flesh.
Anyway, I felt that the food was mediocre.
The lunch special comes with sui mai which was deep fried and oozed of oil.
Couldn't even taste what was inside.
For $13 for a lunch special with tax and tip, I wouldn't say that I would go back.

This place has ruined me  Ever since coming here, every other sushi restaurant tastes like crap  I freakin' love this place.
Their salmon is sooooo amazing.
And make sure to ask for the fresh "real" wasabi.
It is AWESOME  Yeah, I'd eat here everyday if I could.
But then I'd be soooo poor.

Eating sushi in the desert...a dangerous undertaking, as evidenced by many evenings spent hunched over a toilet.
Sometimes it just doesn't seem possible to get fresh fish in the valley of the sun.
Well, thank goodness for the wonders of Sushi Kee.
Somehow, their fish is always fresh and tasting of the ocean.
Their rolls are yummy, their sashimi a wonder, even their tempura gets it right.
Pricy?
Yes...but I'm paying for the piece of mind that I WON'T be spending the rest of the night in a bathroom!

This is one of my favorite Sushi restaurants and I eat a lot of sushi.
About the fish: - The fish is mostly fresh but not always so try a few things before deciding on a big order.
- Big Eye tuna isn't tasty.
They sometimes have Blue Fin.
- The Salmon is of high grade and I almost never get a bad cut (if you ever ate salmon at Ra, you'd know what a bad cut is).
- The types of fresh fish can change and sometimes they have delightful new additions.
About the cooking: - The rice is always cooked right and doesn't taste like Vinegar.
- Rice is warm and fish is cold which is the way to get the most out of sushi.
- Fresh chopped wasabi is added on request.
If you eat sushi with fresh wasabi, you'll never be able to eat it without.
The green horseradish that most places serve doesn't even taste similar.
About the drinks: - Good selection of cold sake.
- It's not the place for sake bombers.
About the service: - The waiting service in this place is pretty bad.
Drinks are rarely refilled.
- The chef is pleasant to talk to and very professional.
- Soup and salad comes included with every meal.
- Sometimes the chef lets me try new items on the house.
- This restaurant doesn't take American Express but don't let that deter you because you'd be missing out on the great food.
- All you can eat Sushi Saturday nights is pretty good.
About the rolls: - Not a big fan of rolls myself but they are tasty.
The kee roll with spicy tuna is my favorite and the lobster roll is very special.
About the to go service: - You call this place and they won't tell you who they are.
You have to ask specifically if it's sushi Kee.
So strange....

Fantastic service and fresh fish!
We had a great time and the sushi chef was kind enough to  make a yellowfin salad to try while we were eating.
I tried only the tuna, halibut and salmon but all three where fresh and tasty.
Top it off with a tab that would have been doubled at a place like Ra or Kona, while getting lesser product.
Thank you, Sushi Kee and we will be back soon!

Forget the hype of  RA and other Scottsdale sushi joints.
If you want excellent fresh sushi look no further that Sushi Kee..
Chef Kee serves some of the best fish we have had in all the PHX area.
Make sure to get Toro when they have it (not the so called toro that is served elsewhere - this is the real deal!

Let's face it.
I am a white girl who likes sushi.
A lot.
So, I jumped at the chance to try my co-worker's Favorite Sushi Place Ever.
I am always on the lookout for the next great raw fish opportunity!
I have to sum up the experience by saying it was so-so.
Some items were really great, and others not so much.
My favorite thing was definitely the Kee Roll - spicy tuna and salmon inside topped with generous cuts of tuna and salmon as well as very thin slices of lemon.
Great!
The butterfish was also very good.
BUT... what can make a sushi meal go downhill fast?
The albacore and yellowtail both tasted somewhat "fishy" and didn't appear to be sliced properly.
Automatic deductions in my book.
Yes, I am the Sushi Judge.
The service was so-so as well.
While the dishes came quickly, it was rather difficult to flag someone down to order more drinks.
Hey, spicy rolls require beers quickly, people!!
So, while the food was mostly good, all things considered I still think there are better fish in the sea.

Sushi is fresh and the service is good.
Kee focuses on the freshness and preparation of traditional sushi.
This is not the place to go if you want a bunch of specialty rolls.

This place is pretty small, yet very friendly.
So far I'm not disappointed with the freshness of their food and the friendly service.
I go there at least once a month for date night with my fiance.
One time I went there and they gave us a free sushi roll.
We usually get about 3 rolls with salad and soup and it's about $35.
I'm going to keep going there for my sushi fix.

I'm bittersweet about this sushi joint.
Why?
Because I'm a big fan of it.
However, my sushi eating partner in crime did not have a good experience at all and could barely finish hers.
I've been to this plaza several times and it didn't hit me until this visit that Sushi Kee was right there.
All this time.
We drove over on a whim to check it out as we both agreed we wanted to try a new sushi place.
After deciding on some takeout items, we walked around the plaza for a bit while we waited.
Upon returning, I was told one of my nigiri orders wasn't able to be completed.
By the sushi chef himself.
I gave them my second choice and to my surprise my order came with an extra order of nigiri at no charge.
:) Happy face.
All in all it won't be my new go to place.. it's no Sushi Time.
However, I guess if I'm going by myself, I can easily swing by this place.
One bonus is they have an all you can eat sushi bar too :)

We ate there yesterday and did the all you can eat sushi.
I think I downed about 8 rolls by myself.
10 rolls in all, with soup and salad and 2 teas, 45 bucks.
Well worth it!
The food is great, the service is fast and friendly.
Definitely my favorite sushi place!

OK...I LOVE, LOVE sushi.
Its my favorite food period.
I've been eating it since i was 12 and I've been all over.
Some signs to look for in a sushi bar: Japanese owned and operated - more sushi places are not largely Asian clientele: if you see Japanese families there, you know its good good uni - uni doesn't keep well.
good uni means fresh fish and fresh means good.
Sushi Kee meets all 3 criteria.
Kee (the namesake) works behind the sushi bar and his wife is the hostess and sometime waitress.
At night there are lots of Japanese families there.
And the Uni....they make it right.
Another good sign, the mama-san effect.
In Japan, the sushi bars you frequent make you feel like family.
They remember you, your drink, your favorite foods, they honor you with free food for being a loyal patron.
I cant count how many times I've received free rolls from Kee for just showing up.
They know me as Mr Arnold Palmer (my favorite drink).
Add to this they started offering all you can eat sushi for $20 (usually a bad sign) which is a deal if you can eat 3 rolls.
This place is heaven for the sushi lover.
Recommended rolls:  Butterfly - butter fish and shrimp with paper thin slices of lemon Lemon - salmon covered cali roll with paper thin lemon Snow roll - extra yummy butter fish roll (butter fish is all white and has the consistency of well...cold butter) Shrimp lovers roll - soy paper wrapped around tempura shrimp topped with shrimp.
Phoenix roll - deep fried spicy salmon roll.
each piece is a mouthful but if you like deep fried rolls this is the best  This place has also rec'd rave reviews in the city paper, they've been in business for at least 10 years, and whats more, everyone I take there is impressed and becomes a repeat customer.
I just wish I lived closer.
The only negative: They don't take American Express

We first went to Sushi Kee about 6 years ago when we lived in the area.
It felt like any new sushi place.
We have since been back twice in the past 3 months, recently for my birthday.
We were there on a Wednesday night, and the place was more dead than the fish that they serve.
We considered the all-you-can-eat deal, but after sharing a few bad experience, we opted to just buy sushi and maki.
A friend of mine and I each got our own bottle of cold sake (note to Sushi Kee - Hana Awaka is awesome, you need to cary it) and proceeded to slam down some really outstanding sushi.
The 6 of us cleared 8 rolls, soup and salad, and a few pieces of sushi.
Right as we all were throwing in the towel, the waitress brought over a complementary special, that we called WhatToDoWithLeftoverBits.
It was a lightly fried california roll covered in diced ahi, salmon, cucumber, and a few other items.
SIMPLY AWESOME.

The all-you-can-eat for $20 is a good deal - you get your money's worth after just 2 cherry blossom rolls which are very good!
My husband insists that this is the best, freshest sushi in the area.
Tuna is my favorite, but it is always very stringy here and impossible to bite into...
I get much better tuna nigiri sushi at Ra - which my husband insists has the worst sushi in the area.
:)~ The other nigiri sushi at sushi kee is pretty good and most of it is not usually too stringy.
The butterfish is my favorite.
I wish they had better tuna!

I went here yesterday with my boyfriend, feeling a little bit tentative about trying another all-you-can-eat sushi place in the Phoenix area (we've had some pretty disappointing experiences in the past).
Luckily, Sushi Kee impressed us more than I thought a place that offers all-you-can-eat could.
At random moments last night and even into this morning, we find ourselves blurting out, "Man, that was some GOOD sushi..." to a riotous chorus of agreement.
GO TO SUSHI KEE.
You won't regret it.
Sooooo tasty, and endless for $20 bucks (so long as you can finish everything you order).
My only sadness was that they don't offer negihama maki... but it's more than made up for with all their other offerings.
=P  I usually stick pretty strictly to nigiri and tekka maki/negihama maki when I go out for sushi... but even though that was exceptional here as well, I fell in love with so many of the deluxe rolls, my girlish figure is cursing at me.
I kinda wish my stomach didn't bear such a strong resemblance to a black hole: I'm going to be working out all day as penance.
haha.
I particularly loved the midnight sun and arizona rolls, and the kee's roll was pretty damn good as well.
My boyfriend swore by the alaska and tempe rolls.
But we didn't order anything that wasn't MORE than palatable.
They also have some aquariums up behind the sushi bar.
We shared a laugh because they were empty: it wouldn't have been very nice of them to force fish to witness what was occurring behind the counter, after all.

I travel very often and have had sushi (my favorite food) in most major cities on the west coast.
Their fish is very fresh and they're not afraid to do custom rolls / orders.
Don't let the $20 all you can eat menu option scared you, this is certainly a quality joint.

It's a crowded place in a quiet stop mall, so I took a seat a the sushi bar.
Was going to order a Chirashi off the menu but couldn't get any waitress' attention before I gave up.
I always preferred Chirashi because it offers more variety of fish at a good price.
Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed a simple meal.
By the way, the sushi chiefs and the waitress spoke Korean, so I assume it's owned by Korean.
It's always a turn off for me that a Japanese restaurant not owned by Japanese....
The sushi chief is very friendly, don't get me wrong.
However, I don't think it is the "best sushi" but again I don't know how other sushi places are in AZ.

Well,  I have been to quite a  few sushi places over the years and for the record: Sushi Kee gets it right - every time.
You know when the rice is still warm, but the fish is cool, and super fresh...how it can just cover every single taste bud and delicately melt in your mouth?
...
If not, you have been to the wrong places...and I'm sorry for you.
But guess what?
You still have time to make amends to your mouth!
The Kee Roll is great - Bright flavor generous size.
Salmon Sashimi - Butter...delicious, buttery goodness.
Squid Salad - Bomb.
Period.
Hard to mess this up though.
Caterpillar Roll - Order it every time I go there.
Now - I suppose if you like the deep fried overly sauced shi...."sushi" and sake bombers (WOO FIST PUMP!
) you could go to Ra or Sushi 101.
But those of us who actually plan on having, well...sushi (look it up if you're still confused kids...b/c it isn't a lollipop crunch roll) should make a stop at Sushi Kee at least once.
Bottom line: You're in Arizona, we're lucky to have this quality at all.
I hear they have all you can eat sushi for $20 everyday also!

I decided to try this place out because of the good reviews people have given this place on Yelp.
People talked about how great the food was and how fair the price was for all-you-can-eat sushi; however, my experience with this place was thoroughly disappointing.
I gave this place a 2nd star as a benefit of the doubt.. perhaps I just happened to have picked a bad day to eat at this place.
First, the service was HORRIBLE.
We asked for a table for 3, and instead of simply pulling an extra chair up two a 2-seated table, the waitress sat us at a table for 6, only to have a party of 8 walk in the door a minute after I had started on my soup, so she asked us to move to a different table so they could have our table.
This wouldn't have been so bad if it was the only problem we ran into for the night.
Next, because the staff was in such a rush to move us, they took my salad away before I was actually finished with it.
Not a great way to start my all-you-can-eat experience.
Third, when we put in our sushi order, the waitress had to clarify whether we were ordering nigiri per order (2 pieces) or per piece.
We specified that we wanted 2 pieces for every number we indicated on the sushi sheet.
She nodded and brought our order to the chef.
The first half of our order came out fine.
We got the number of pieces we asked for, but when the 2nd half of our order came out, the sushi chef decided to interpret our orders as "per piece" so we only received one piece of every sushi ordered on the bottom half of the order sheet.
I guess it's no big deal, since we could always order more, but it took us a good 45 minutes just to get all of this order, we didn't know how much longer we'd have to wait to order everything again.
The staff was also bad with keeping up with who they had already served soup & salad to and who they have not served yet (I happened to receive mine, but the person who showed up later in our group got nothing), and they were slow at refilling drinks too.
It might be because they got busy after the 1st hour we were there, but we wouldn't have dined for 2.5 hours if their service wasn't as slow.
Also, the three sushi chefs who were working all disappeared at the same time, and were gone for about 5 minutes.
What kind of restaurant leaves the sushi bar completely unattended during the peak dinner hour?!?!?!
Aside from the service, the food selection was not great as it did not really include any appetizers, had limited all-you-can-eat sushi selection, and did not include any dessert.
We could've driven another 2 minutes down the block to another sushi restaurant that could've provided all the above mentioned items with same quality or even better quality fish than Sushi Kee for the same all-you-can-eat price of $20 per person.
As for food quality, it was pretty decent.
It is among some of the freshest quality fish I've had in sushi restaurants, but there are definitely plenty of other places that could provide better quality fish as well.
The quality of Sushi Kee's fish is not enough to bring be back here again.
In summary, I would not go back to eat here knowing that Mido Sushi's only a block away.
I also would not recommend any of my friends to eat here either.
While the food quality was ok, the service and poor food selection definitely ruined the experience for me.
Had the service been better, I wouldn't mind recommending people to this place, but in all honesty, Mido Sushi truly can provide more options, better quality fish, and better service for the same exact price, so why waste time in trying this place out?

Best all you can eat sushi in the valley.
It's only $20 but you can get any sushi on the menu (excluding only the raw Sashimi).
I haven't tried all of the specialty rolls yet but so far the ones I've tried have been great.
The best so far have been their Vegas and Phoenix rolls.
Also if you like a kick try the Wassup roll.
It won't  dissapoint.

So I'm a full fledged sushi lover and will travel many miles for good sushi.
This is good sushi.
The all you can eat is no joke.
The VOLCANO Roll was out of this world.
Also the sake bombers are great too.
Please do not go to Ra this place is ten times better, with better service, less people, and no loud music.

really good, except the spicy tuna roll which is my favorite thing everywhere else.
super nice staff, nice small restaurant.
do believe it's family owned.
we're definitely going back.

Been coming here for years, and finally decided to write a review.
Long overdue.... Sushi Kee has never failed me.
The menu won't disappoint, the chefs are outstanding, and the "all-you-can-eat" special for 20 bucks brings the whole thing together.
After trying almost every other sushi bar in town, I always head back to the Kee...

Top notch.
Would probably be our favorite place i we lived closer.
Creative, fresh food.
Some serious fresh wasabi.
The owner/chef is a true salt-of-the-earth wonderful guy.
He's a delightful and engaging person.
I had my first ever handroll here, as a free gift from the chef.
It was on off-menu creation that has become a favorite I can order anywhere I travel.
Sushi Kee regularly has varieties of fish that I don't normally find in restaurants, and they are knowledgeable about them.
The specials are not the same thing over and over, and seem to offer a good value.
Truly an exemplary restaurant.

The sushi here is definitely above average, and very fresh from what i had.
They also have fresh wasabi (Not the food colored horse radish paste); which for me is a huge plus at a sushi place.
My only qualm comes from their roll selection, and 90% of their rolls including imitation crab meat.
It isn't a terrible ingredient, but it should not be in nearly every roll.
What really brought this place up to 4 stars for me though was their service.
Drinks were always filled, people were friendly, and the sushi was made and served as quickly as we could eat it.

I came here and ordered all you can eat, and it was the worst all you can eat sushi experience I've had.
While the menu descriptions sounded good, the rolls we received after ordering were just california rolls with different types of fish on top.
The rolls we received barely matched the menu descriptions.
The slices of fish on the nigiri sushi were generally very small and they give HUGE chunks of rice one must finish to avoid being charged.
Worst of all, I found several bones in the albacore tuna on my nigiri sushi.
I almost choked, and while I told the chef, they did absolutely nothing to remedy the situation.
Most restaurants would have at the very least apologized for the bones in the sushi.
I would never come back here.

Kee and Diane Hong have done it again.
This is the best sushi in the valley.
I regularly drive here from East Mesa for the fresh fish and the amazing Volcano Roll!
Service is great and I love the beer and sake selection.
And the Miso soup always matches the season.
This Sushi Bar is over the top!

Before I go into my personal experience about this restaurant I want to give you, the reader, my feedback of the food.
DISCLAIMER: I could care less about rolls, my review only pertains to nigiri sushi.
For AYCE Sushi, my criteria is as follows, and as always I judge the food relative to price so in this case I will review sushi kee as a $20 AYCE sushi joint.
My criteria is as follows for AYCE sushi joints:   Fish to Rice Ratio.
(nigiri) - This is the second most important factor to me.
AYCE sushi joints will charge you for any left over rice, and because of this most consumers tend to fill up on rice and not the good stuff.
The ratio at this restaurant is horrible, the protein of the nigiri sushi is supposed to smother the rice, and the nigiri is meant to be eaten in one bite.
I'm a big guy and it took me two bites to eat the sushi mainly due to the fact that they use a huge guap of rice.
They seriously expect you to eat it too.
Fish Quality.
(nigiri) - For AYCE sushi the fish quality is spot on.
I would actually say its above average.
Rice Quality.
(nigiri) - Now this is pretty standard in the sushi community and is pretty hard to mess up.
My rice in my nigiri was too warm, the rice is supposed to be room temperature or a little on the colder side.
The warm rice interfered with the taste of the fish.
Conclusion - For AYCE this place sucks donkey dick.
Cuts of fish are average and in some cases above average, but it still is not enough to balance the gigantic portion of rice.
The AYCE menu is weak, I've eaten at other $20 AYCE sushi joints and they have items like: Quail egg over tobiko, Uni (limited), Amaebi (limited), tuna tar tar (limited).
Personal Experience (which I'm sure is not an accurate review of the restaurant)  - Water had a nasty taste to it, informed the waiter, waiter gave us 3 options: Bottled Water, Soda, Alchohol.
We opted for soda, and we paid for soda.
- Service was slow, one chef and one helper, california rolls pre made, sashimi platter pre made, A lot of items are pre made.
- Ambiance was nice, the joint is really clean!

Yum.
I was skeptical about the unlimited sushi deal- I figured they would skimp on fish and be heavy on rice but I was proved wrong and have been back again since.
Every roll I ordered ( 7 rolls between 2 people ) had large chunks of very fresh fish!
It was so good!
I love the Las Vegas roll.. Also recommend Arizona, Alaska, and Caterpillar rolls.
Both times I've been, the restaurant has been pretty empty but the waitress was helpful both times.

Okay, so they no longer do the All You Can Eat Deal...
BUT they have these 9.99 Combo Meal things that come with:  An Entree (I got Mackerel one time, and Ahi Poki another) + Half a roll, soup, salad, tempura and a little fruit for dessert!

A different day perhaps a different star rating.
I'm on the fence about this place.
It almost seems like a different owner every time I go there.
I think their bento box lunch is a great deal and so are their $9.99 dinners entrées with a sushi roll.
Sometimes the service, fish and the whole experience is great and sometimes it is not.
Last night we went and did not sit at the bar because the whole family went.
We always get the sashimi combo at $24.99 it is a decent deal.
I liked all the fish on the platter last night except for the halibut.
It did not taste fresh to me.
The service was a little off last night too.
I have noticed when they get busy it is hard for them to keep up.
On a personal note, I prefer the sashimi to come out first because I get full on the rice and you typically pay more for the sashimi.
My only other complaint was that the fish was extremely cold.
The fish pieces are bigger then what you will find at a lot of other sushi places.

Unlike other sushi places, fish at Kee's does not sit for days in its glass case.
Kee's fish is so fresh, I wouldn't be surprised to see it hop off my plate.
Presentation is delightful and often unusual.
The blue fin tuna is my favorite.
The best in the Valley by far.
If you're new to sushi, the excellent service staff will be more than happy to guide you to a wonderful dining experience.
Kee's is fantastic.
...  All You Can Eat, however, has been discontinued, at least as I wrtie this in June 2012.

Five stars for not the greatest sushi in the world, but clearly the best sushi for this price range in the Valley.
Skim through the good reviews of this place, and the way those reviews describe the sushi here is spot on--sushi rice is well kept at a body temperature, sushi blends together in texture in flavor, fish is firm (sometimes it does taste a little fishy in a bad way, but sometimes in a good way--it's common to think that fishy=not fresh but that's not necessarily true).
I was reading through the bad reviews and the main complaint seemed to be about the all-you-can-eat; these are legitimate complaints, but if you want good sushi you shouldn't be eating AYCE anyway.
There are a lot of people who think their opinion of sushi is correct, and are really snobby about it.
It's true that there is such a good thing is objectively good sushi.
But there are many different opinions on what meets the criteria of objectively good sushi.
If you can take my word for it, I have had sushi from all around the world and the U.S., and I believe the sushi at Sushi Kee is objectively good.
I think some of the bad reviews for Sushi Kee come from misinformed sushi snobs (I agree the service isn't the best when it's busy).
One guy here started his review saying that he only cares about nigiri sushi and not rolls, and then proceed to say that sushi rice was supposed to be served room temperature or colder, haha.

They don't offer the all you can eat deal anymore.
My husband and I had stopped by because we wanted to try a new sushi spot.
It wasn't that busy but after waiting 45 minutes for 2 rolls, our patience ran out and we left.
The staff seems nice and the rolls looked good, but I wouldn't be able to tell you how it tasted.

Wow!
This place is amazing.
Best sushi my fiance and I have had in quite some time...and half the price!!
You get a nice little salad/miso soup with your main selections and the fish super fresh and quick.
Make sure and try the 911, its  rolled in cucumber!
Wonderful experience

I ordered the $11.99 Sashimi lunch today and was really disappointed with what I got.
It's supposed to come with 12 pieces of sashimi, but the problem is that most of it was what I'd consider 1/2 size pieces, really tiny.
It came with miso soup which was nice and hot, but no rice?
I think this is the first time I've ordered a sashimi meal and didn't get rice to go with it.
The single piece of salmon was very lean (no fat) missing that lovely creamy taste that I enjoy so much.
And I don't remember any yellow tail on there at all.
Maybe the other lunch specials are better, but this deal was horrible.
Left hungry and felt cheated by the small portion size.

Favorite sushi spot in chandler!
Could use some better lunch specials tho!!
Maybe a Poke salad like RA... Just sayin

New owner additional rolls.
I stopped coming here when the old owner was running it.
Found out new owner so I gave another shot.
Every roll I tried was great!
I thought stingray was the best but this is much better.I just fell in love with sushi all over again.
Crispy rice with tuna must try.. the roasted garlic onion and real tuna not butterfish surprisingly delicious!

cucumber roll is amazing!

Very slow service!
Sushi was just average.
A little pricey for the food/service/ambiance.
Probably my first & last time here.

been going to Kee for years and it is always great quality and nice friendly service.
the sushi portions are exceptional and great selection of rolls.
I particularly like the salmon skin hand rolls and the seaweed salad...soooo tasty!
Nice selection of beers too.

Very good quality fish here.
The owners were very nice and accommodating.
They offered to special order any type of fish I desired.
They also invited me back the following night for some off the menu sushi another customer had special ordered.
They also offer fresh wasabi which you have to try if you have never had it, you wont go back to the fake green horseradish junk they serve elsewhere.

Had the miso soup and caterpillar roll for lunch.
The soup was large and very good but the sushi roll was not made properly and kept on falling apart when I tried picking it up with the chopsticks.
The wasabi was not very strong and ended up using the whole amount in my soy sauce.
The sushi chef took longer to make my sushi because he was more interested in watching TV instead.
There was only me and another couple have lunch.
My sushi  cost almost $10 for one roll and my large soup was almost $8.
The atmosphere was casual.
There was a large wall aquarium with absolutely no fish in it.
Strange?
This place is too expensive for lunch dining.

Went because it was listed as a place I would receive a free entrée on my birthday.
we got there and was told that was the old owner from 3 years ago.
They didn't even offer anything for coming in on my birthday.
(that was the only reason we went) Wasn't expecting a free entrée but maybe free soft drink.
Have to say they not only did not get us as a customer (we got up and left) but the lost the chance to have us repeat one as well.
we are new in the area and are still looking for great Sushi.
all was well for my birthday dinner went to another place and had a great dinner and will be returning there.
Thanks Sushi Kee for letting us move on and find a better place .

Driving around Tempe looking for a sushi place.
Our normal spot was closed because of the July 4th weekend.
So Sushi Kee your it tonight.
Walking in and the place is really cool.
Upside down Japanese umbrellas, Japanese fish painting, bamboo, and all sort of different Japanese art to decorate.
Very nice with pop music playing.
Pretty inviting and nice atmosphere.
We started out with their miso soup.
Pretty good.
Not bad but I've tastes better.
We ordered the rainbow, caterpillar, red dragon, and blossom rolls.
Fresh and good sushi.
Very good.
My favorite was the Red Rainbow.
Nice little kick to it.
Yum yum good.
We could have ordered more rolls.
It was that good.
I ordered the seafood Yaki soba.
It had lots of shrimp and scallops with grilled onions and lots of other vegetables.
Very good and lots of it.
Really enjoyed it even through I'm not a fan of grilled onions.
Yum yum good.
My wife had the chicken teriyaki and it was so juicy and tasty.
They didn't give that much but it was really good.
My son ordered the beef teriyaki and I was able to steal a few pieces of beef.
It was a little peppery and thick pieces of beef.
A little chewy but good.
Not great but pretty good.
Service was pretty good.
Filled our cups on a regular basis, took our order on time, and brought our food in a reasonable time.
So overall, good food, good service, and really good sushi.
What more can a guy ask for.
Yum yum good.
I'll be back so enjoy.

