Lou is the owner at Autoplex auto in Tempe (and yes, he HAS moved from the Priest location to 250 W. Guadalupe Rd.
#17 in Tempe).
Lou is absolutely the best case scenario when it comes to getting / keeping your car in top shape.
My family and I have been taking all our cars to Lou for the past 15 years, and have always been satisfied with his work.
Lou and his guys are absolutely honest, charge reasonable rates for the work they do, and do an excellent job.
He is always really good about explaining exactly what is wrong, and how much it is going to cost to fix it (no surprise charges).
Additionally, when you take something to Lou to get fixed you can be confident that it will be done right.
Just as an illustrative point--I was in California a few months back and got my car checked out before the drive back to Arizona.
The guys at the auto shop in California told me I had a whole laundry list of things that I needed to get fixed on my car.
I decided to wait until I could have Lou look at my car, and Lou said all the things they had recommended were bogus.
In summary, Lou has kept my cars in great shape for a long time.
I would be out a lot of time, money and frustration without him.

A friend of a friend recommended Lou/Autoplex and I couldn't be happier.
Lou provides honest, fast service and is a pleasure to deal with.
No runaround, no nonsense, honest auto service.
Extremely difficult to find these days...
I went to him for a muffler/tailpipe and then later for a catalytic converter and was completely happy with the outcome.
Additionally, he pointed out other things that I should see my previous mechanic about that they needed to fix/finish.

Lou is a GEM!
Called Att info to try to find the Jeep / Dodge dealer in the autoplex and was given their number instead... by accident.
An out of town mom to a College student who's auto had broken down.
Lou answered and assured me that they could do the work for me and WOW what a GREAT experience.
They did a wonderful job, gave me an estimate for the repair, after i authorized the repairs they repaired it promptly, called me to inform me along the way of what was being done to the vehicle.
Even held the car indoors for us to transport home to Illinois, until the transport arrived and that was almost a week!
( without a complaint )  Lou and Mike are honest "tell it like it is" folks and were a delight to speak to!
Lou  even offered to write a "novel" of the things we needed to check in to on the vehicle when it arrives home in Chicago ( which is where Lou is from originally!
)     I really appreciated having someone there who was honest and providing old fashioned quality, uncomplicated service... and with a smile too !
ps.
my daughter loved talking to him as well and was glad to have her car repaired!
Although I had never met Lou before, it was like having a caring, trustworthy "Uncle" there for my daughter, to repair and help us with the vehicle!
Peace of mind for me!
Thanks again Lou and Mike for being wonderful and offering A+ customer service!

Mike & Lou are great !!
Very friendly & honest.
Being a woman you always fear being overcharged & sold things you don't need, definitely not the case!!
Use them you won't be disappointed !!

Finally an auto service you can trust.
I have brought a total of three vehicles to Lou and his team.
If you want a down to earth, knowledgeable, friendly mechanic then this is your last stop.

I can't say enough nice things about Autoplex Autoservice.
After figuring out that we may have bought a lemon from a used car dealer, we took our car here to get it checked out.
Unfortunately our worst fears turned out to be true, but Lou and Mike have gone above and beyond with their service and advice, even though it turns out to be uneconomical to get repairs done.
I will definitely be using them in the future when we get a new car.
If you want honest, friendly and excellent service, look no further.

