Decently good Mexicanesque food.
I've enjoyed pretty much everything I've gotten here, except for the fish tacos.
Right now, the carne picado is my favorite dish -- full of jalapeños and juicy marinated meat.
In addition, their salsa is tasty and the chips are nice and light.
It's near my house and always good.
The dining room is cozy and well taken care of.
When I'd rather just pick up dinner for the family, they have a handy pick up window out back.
I really can't complain.

Good chips and salsa!

There was a time in my life when I was coming here every week with my mom.
I probably still would be if we lived here, but we moved from Peoria in 2005.
(Yeah, I've been going for years and it's always been consistently good.
)  But even though it's been a several years since we were regulars, our server Andrew still remembers us and can bring us our drinks before we even order.
They've got the salsa down.
I could eat a bucket of the stuff.
I don't know what makes it so special, but it's my favorite salsa ever.
Perfectly thin, crispy chips that aren't greasy.
And they aren't stingy with refills.
My favorite item (my favorite food, PERIOD) is the Pollo Especial.
Shredded chicken and green chiles fried in a tortilla, then smothered in jalapeno cream cheese and cheddar.
Sounds simple, but anytime I've gotten a similar item elsewhere, it doesn't hit the mark.
If you get this at dinner it's a lot of food.
The lunch sized version suits me just fine.
Can't say how their dessert is.
I've always been too full to try.

The best salsa I've ever had - and the only one I can actually eat by the chipful.
The chips are always fresh and never stale.
Service has always been fast and friendly.
Prices are cheap, especially for lunch.
I usually get the enchilada (ordered with no onions, green sauce) with rice and beans, all around $7.
I could eat here everyday and never want for anything else.

This place seriously is the best Mexican food in Arizona (of all the places I have tried)  I have been hearing about this place from my Father in Law, ranting and raving about it.
He was not wrong.
Huge portions and amazing fresh flavor.
I could have drank the salsa it was so good.
It was such good salsa I had them box up the left over salsa so I could take home and finish!!
hahah  I can't wait to go back and try more.
I had the taco and enchilada plate with rice and beans.
AMAZING.
Seriously can't wait to go back and try more.
Also was glad to hear they have a place in Mesa too (that's just a wee bit closer)  Check out the picture of my plate.
If that doesn't make your mouth water - you need to get checked out!
Go try this place - even if its a little bit of a drive.

This was my second visit here-- my first visit was a few years ago, the last time I was in the Phoenix metro area.
There are so many good Mexican places here that knowing which one(s) to visit can be a bit overwhelming, so I rely on the locals to give me tips.
My sisters have lived in AZ since 1995 and this is one of their fave Mexican places in the West Valley.
One thing I must comment on is their salsa.
I LOVE THE SALSA AT MANUEL'S.
I'm a fiend for good salsas and Manuel's has some of the best around, in my opinion.
The food is fresh, decent Mexican, though pretty Americanized by my standards.
It's served by friendly people.
Gets busy here on weekend nights but definitely worth a visit.

I can't help but give this place 5 stars.
The food is always great.
I love their chips and salsa, some of the best I've ever had.
I love their shredded beef tacos, their green chili con carne burrito, and their taco salads.
It's affordable, casual mexican food.
Very easy to make this place a regular restaurant to eat at.

I decided to try this place with my family and the service was GREAT!
Sergio and J.P. were our servers and made sure that we had a good supply of drinks, chips and salsa.
When our food came is when it went all down hill... the food was TERRIBLE, my 3 year old wouldn't even eat it, he eats everything.
I had soup and the meat was HARD.... and well the broth was greasy.
My g/f had the fiesta plate (she was sharing with our son) and there wasn't anything special about it at all, some of it tasted like plastic!
The only reason I gave one star at all was the service, chips and salsa.
We didn't end up  paying and went and ate somewhere else.
Such a disappointment this place was, and over priced too.

It was pretty decent.
Our service was great.
The food was good.
No complaints, but I also wasn't blown away.
They did give me really fresh corn tortillas that were really good.
I'll probably try the tacos next time.

Good place for some decent Mexican food.
It may be better, but I Mexican food seems to have a glass ceiling on how good it can be.
I ordered the Taco Salad (aka: the not healthy salad), and it was very good.
I also tried the fried ice cream, it was good, but somewhat disappointing.
I will say the service was excellent.

What else can I say??
We LOVE this restaurant!!!
The chips are great as well as the salsa.
I can't get enough of the Seafood enchilada.
I haven't had anything bad in the 10 years I have been going to this restaurant.
The service is good and everyone is friendly.
What more can I ask for??

Seems like everyone else liked this place, but the service was terrible, the salsa was bland and watery, and the tamale was not that great.
They got the refried beans and rice right, but how do you screw that up?
Avoid this place for the weekend lunch - the service was literally nonexistent.

Amazing Mexican food done right for years.
One of my favorite places.
Green corn tamale, cheese enchilada, shredded beef taco!

The two stars as defined by Yelp as "Meh.
I've experienced better" is a great definer.
In fact, I would amend it to say "I've experienced A LOT A LOT A LOT A LOT better.
"  To establish my credibility, I must first say that I had been in the food service industry for almost 10 years (highschool and college) and so I've worked low end and high end and I think after experiencing different levels of the food industry, I know what I'm talking about.
Additionally, as a food service worker, I would have appreciated a guest like me letting the restaurant know if there was something amiss.
However, there was so much wrong with last nights dinner that I could have had an hour long talk with the manager about the millions of things that needed to be done to fix the quality of the restaurant and in particular, Manuel's service.
So, I'm sure you're wanting to hear about the restaurant.
I came in with a larger group around 8:15.
I called ahead to let them know we were coming.
We had a range of people that I thought were coming - between 10 and 13.
They were busy and part of their restaurant (the bar portion) was closed due to renovations, so this already busy restaurant had limited capacity.
No problem.
My group was relaxed and flexible.
We had nowhere to be and the bartender made us a couple of drinks while we waited.
(He was probably the best part of the night.
)  As we waited in the front room, a hostess in a very rude voice asked if we had any idea of the real total of our party yet.
She claimed that it would change our waiting time (which was of little importance to us) and said, "you only have 7 people here right now, how many more are going to show up?
"  I calmly told her at least 10 and we'll squeeze together if we need to add more, no problem.
I don't know if she was having a rough night, but it was just her attitude, tone, and the fact that she did not approach us to have the conversation but rather stood by and hung on the seating podium that really irritated me.
Once we were seated (around 8:45 or so), we grubbed on some chips and salsa.
I must give a kudos to Manuels for this, the chips and salsa are tasty.
Its a shame that the same quality did not extend to the rest of our meal.
Around 9:20 or so, we hear this terrible clanging of silverware behind us.
All of the servers had decided to roll their silver right behind us.
So, for a half an hour, we got to listen to people rustling, quite loudly, silverware as they did their side work.
Ugh, annoying.
When our food came out, our orders were wrong.
If it had been one or two, then we would have changed it .... but... if we had all complained, pretty much every dish would have been taken back to the kitchen.
At least on my side of the table, my tacos came out on the wrong tortillas, they were greasy, and the quality of the beef is very very fatty, oily, and tough to chew through.
My friend also ordered two fish tacos, also presented on the wrong tortillas, and the fish were in large fillets that did not span the length of the tortilla, so you were eating at some portions just pico and tortilla... kinda weird.
The server also got my husbands order wrong (he ordered the chicken fajitas) and she brought out a second shrimp fajitas.
Trying to be accommodating, he took the shrimp instead of asking for his original order.
She knew that she had made a mistake in this but still charged him for the more expensive shrimp fajitas.
Additionally, the chefs do not know how to portion equally as my husband had 5 shrimp in his fajitas and my friend that had ordered them on the other side of the table had close to 10.
Thats a lot of extra shrimp.
And the server did not even check in to make sure everything was ok.
Finally, when were only half way through our meal, around 9:45, they started rolling down the metal window coverings.
If we were there after closing time, which is I believe 11, I could understand, but there was still an hour and 15 minutes still left to service.
We just felt so unwelcome and with every passing moment, we were becoming more and more irritated with the restaurant.
I'm a Tucson native where Mexican food is not only delicious but there are plentiful options.
I just moved to phoenix about 6 months ago and I have been not only disappointed with Manuel's but with every Mexican restaurant that I have found in Phoenix.
Is there not even one that has decent food?
My take on Manuel's is that if you're wanting expensive prices (12.95 for two tacos and a side of beans with a sour cream, kind of what might be considered a guac, and a tomatillo sauce condiments) with mediocre quality of food and irritating service, then this is the place for you.
If  not, well... you get the picture.
Happy eating!

Some of the best Mexican food in the valley.
Everything is good, the food, the service and the atmosphere.
The food is delivered quickly and I often leave there amazed at how little time I've actually spent there yet have never felt rushed by anyone.
Love, the salsa, some of my other favorites are  the pollo especial,  steak picado and the rolled quesadilla.

Went there on a coupon from dealchicken.com and enjoyed it very much.
We were there at lunch and  were seated in the bar area quickly which was fine with us as it was a booth.
The waiter was attentive and competent.
I think some may not be too interested in being attentive since we were there on a coupon but that was not the case here.
I had the machaca beef which was well seasoned and a huge portion that I was not able to finish (and I really skimped on the beans and rice because I could see how much beef there was!!).
The salsa and chips were very good that was a chunky type which is my favorite but they also brought a hotter version which was a thinner concoction that we added to the large bowl of salsa.
My wife had a lunch special combination which she also liked.
The finale was when the waiter asked if we wanted anything else to finish off the $30 coupon and we were at $28 and I opted for the sopapilla;s which is a favorite and I expected 4 or 5 with some honey but it was a huge bowl with 20+ in it!!!
We took almost all of them home and ate them for the next couple of days.
The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was just that I like to see things like barbacoa, adobada, etc on the menu also.

Not sure why I have not reviewed Manuel's.
We have been eating with them for the past  maybe10 or more years.
We eat there at least once or twice a month.
Why do we keep returning?
They are always very nice and make you feel they are glad you are there.
The food is good and you always get more than you should eat at one sitting.
( We always take food home with us.
The food is priced reasonably.
They are a neighbor hood family owned business and I always try to support this type of business.
There is something on the menu for all tastes.
(Some people that go with us like hamburgers.
) When we go there is usually at least 6 people in our group.
No one has ever complained about the quality of food.
It has always been good.
They have always treat us as a valued customer.
I often recommend Manuel's to other people.

What can I say....
This is hands down one of the best places to eat!
Visit probably once a week and always request the same waiter.
Service is great, food is excellent, prices are perfect!

No complaints

This is chain restaurant quality.
Not very good Mexican food at all.
And is very expensive for what you get.

By far not my favorite place, but others seem to love it.
Stopped here for dinner last night.
Chips and salsa are average, prices are high.
Best thing to me on the menu is the carne asada, but it costs about $17 for the meal so I don't get it often.
Had the combo #2 and have to say I liked it.
The beef taco was good, and the ground beef enchilada wasn't too bad either.
Think the plate was about $10, and came with a side of rice, but no beans.
They have made some changes to the decor since I was last there, but still think that the food is average at best.
I will say that even as busy as they were, food came out pretty fast which is great when you have hungry kids.
FYI - parking sucks.

Great service and amazing food.
Best chips and salsa!
Fast place to eat lunch if you only have a short lunch break.
Amazing desserts; flan, fried ice-cream, sopapillas and hot apple pie Ala mode.
The hot apple pie Ala mode is probably the best dessert they serve; it comes with this sizzling sweet butter rum sauce and a huge scoop of vanilla ice-cream.
Absolutely to die for!

Best Mexican food hands down.
Can't beat the machaca plate, extra crispy.

My trophy wife and I and a few of the offspring decided that we wanted to try out this Manuels.
We picked Friday night at 6:30 and the place was packed with a 30 minute wait, but the staff moved the customers in and out very quickly and we were soon munching chips and salsa.
The wife is very picky about salsa, not really liking any restaurant's offering that we have experienced in the last few years so imagine my surprise when I looked at the bowl of chips and there were only little pieces left.
We had very prompt and attentive service, me and the wife splitting the order of pollo especial because one of my fellow yelpers recommended it and they were certainly correct.
Everyone was delighted with their food,and we all scarfed the sopapillas afterwards.This is a great place to take your family to have someone else do the cooking  and enjoy some wonderful Az style mexican food.

Went for breakfast a week or so ago.
The staff was all polite and the place was clean and packed so we had high hopes.
We had a cheese crisp, machacha and eggs and a chicken chimichanga with fundido sauce.
All were ok but really greasy and bland for Mexican food.
Next time we will go to one of the other local places, Valle Luna, Macayos, Top Shelf even Garcia's.

I was pleased with my first visit to Manuel's Mexican Restaurant!
The chips and salsa were addictive and the waiters did an excellent job of giving us more when we ran out.
The food came out really fast after we ordered it which surprised us.
The cheese crisp was quite good!
I liked our tacos and our chimichangas as well.
The service was good for the most part.
The only criticism I have is that it does seem a bit more expensive than it should be, but they served a good meal nonetheless.

Far and away better than....Garcia's, Top Shelf, Valle Luna Etc...
The salsa is a little sweet with just the right amount of spicy "bite" to it.
The best part is the "pollo especial" a chicken chimi covered in a spicy cream cheese sauce!
My only gripe is that there isnt a location closer to me in the far west valley!

I enjoy going to Manuels.
I had never been to this location until last night.
It is clean, the food is delicious, the service is friendly.
The prices are on par with other comparable mexican food places.
My GF smashed her food quickly and was thoroughly satisfied.
She told me to give them 5 stars.
I told her to get her own Yelp account LOL.
I give them 4 stars.
They lost the fifth star because I felt like the menu was pretty limited.
What they did have on the menu sounded really good, but I felt like I was lacking options.
I tried the chicken fajitas.
They were indeed good, but I was expecting more trim to come with my sizzling skillet.
The skillet itself was delicious; chicken, onions, bell peppers, half tomato, and cilantro (on the stems?
)...But on the side, just two tortillas, green sauce, guac, and sour cream.
I am used to other places also giving me some shredded cheese, lettuce, and maybe pico de gayo.
It was good, and that is their design.
I guess I just care for a more vibrant fajita.
Oh yeah and this is the kind of place that gives you rice "OR" beans, but not both (most meals)...I think there's something screwed up with that.
Anybody want a Jelly sandwich?
Peanutbutter is available if you order it seperate.
None the less, I was full, and my lady was pleased.
I will certainly go back anytime.
Popos is still king.

One of the best Mexican restaurants I've been to.
Service is consistently good, food is consistently good.
I often order the 3 Amigos.
The carne asada is excellent.
Can't go wrong with this place.
Been here at least 30 times.

I have found that the quality of the food at many of the Mexican restaurants tends to vary depending on who is cooking that day and on what time of the day you come in for your meal.
Some time the longer the sauce has simmered the better it is.
I have never been disappointed with the food at this Manuel's.
Salsa is always great and the meal is always tasty.
I also consider their prices to be reasonable.
I used to love Macayo's when I first got to the valley, but they have gone downhill.
They seem to be too cost conscious.
Someone also mentioned Top Shelf as being better.
I found that to be totally bland.
I pretty much like all the Manuel's, with the exception of the one over around Bell and 12th Ave.
But, maybe I just had a few bad days there.

Don't come here much.
Food came out quick and pieces are great.
If you want decent Mexican food and your in the area stop by.

Great authentic Mexican food at a reasonable price.
Free chips and salsa too.
Oh and they have delicious margaritas.
Very friendly.

We ate at Manuel's once about 15 years ago and have been addicted ever since.
I was raised here in the Phx area and was used to 'real' mexican food and Manuel's is it!
Great Chips and Salsa and Dinners.
Service is great and friendly and have had no problems ever with the service or food.

Patio seating is great.
Waiters are awesome.
Food is middle of the road.
It's a good place to go with it being close to my family's home.
Fiesta platter is huge and great for two to share.
Specials are a good value and plenty of food if you aren't picky.
It's the go-to place for sit down mexican when we are in town.

Hands down best mexican food in the valley great for the family get togethers bdays the whole thing is a great expierence!

I was in the area for a meeting and had time for a quick lunch.
Found it on Yelp and decided to give it a try.
I was greeted and seated quickly.
Chips and salsa were pretty good - had a chicken chimichanga, which was good.
Prices were reasonable.
The service was mediocre - the server was working really hard, but it seemed like he may have been responsible for a few too many tables.
It took a bit of time to get refills and the check, but it wasn't a huge deal.
I am from New Mexico, so Mexican food in Arizona is always a bit different, but this is definitely a solid choice for some decent food.
I would return if in the area again.

Great homestyle Mexican food.
Excellent salsa.
My favorite is Tuesday $6.99 special.
Beef Taco, Cheese Enchilada and rice and beans.
For an extra buck I get a chicken enchilada instead.
Have been coming her for over 20 years and it's just as good!!

I have always had good food and service here.
I have been coming to this Manuel's for as long as I can remember.
I love it!

I came here with my wife and daughter for some dinner.
My wife and i have been here before so we figured it would be decent.
The service was lackluster.
The waiter took my wife's order and mine, but ignored the fact that I had my daughter with me.
I had to chase him down to give him her order.
Drinks ran low a few times and we had to ask for refills.
Empty plates sat on the table until another waiter decided to clear them for us.
The food was.... well, the chips and salsa were the stars of our meal.
The chili relleno wrapped in an omelet was.... different.
I can't recommend it though.
My taco and tostada were overwhelmed by scallions.
The sauce for my enchilada tasted exactly as if it had come from a Banquet microwave meal.
My daughter barely ate any of her two mini tacos.
My wife grabbed her leftovers since she wasn't interested in finishing her chili relleno and said "no wonder she didn't eat her tacos!
These are terrible!
"   We were very disappointed with our meal.
I could have gotten better food from a Rolando's at a better price.

Great family owned restaurant with outstanding service by friendly people.
My beef taco was filled with flavorful, tender meat and no gristle or fat.
Enchilada sauce is creamy and delicious.
All the right proportions of meat, lettuce, tomato and cheese.
Great Gringo salsa, great flavor and not spicy.
We'll be back!

I will have to say that out of the "Hispanic Restaurants" this one is better.
Better than macayos and better than don Rubens in my opinion.
It's on and off for us as it was so good it almost put my wife into labor when she was pregnant lol.
She had the fried ice cream after the chimi and we were both in sugar heaven.
It just isn't consistent for us.
Give it a go.
Get the enchiladas or my favorite is the green tamale(it's sweet)

Come here everyone and then, my bf  loves the enchiladas, they are good but not my favorite.
The servers are always nice and the food is fast!

Great family owned business where food always tastes good and you are always greeted with a smile

