My oldest daughter and I dined here one evening.
Neither one of us was very hungry so we shared an appetizer, we each had a bowl of soup and we shared steamed rice.
I had the won ton soup, pictured.
I was surprised at the quantity and freshness of fresh vegetables in the soup.
The rice was, well, steamed rice.
The appetizer we had was crab cheese fried won tons.
They were pretty good but a little heavy on cheese and could have used more crab.
Service was prompt and friendly and the prices were good.
We finished at about 12 bucks.

I typically order from here for delivery... and boy they're FAST!
They have decent Chinese food (nothing out of the ordinary), and their prices are pretty reasonable.

Pretty good value for your money.
I had the cashew chicken lunch special.
The lunch specials are reasonably priced and come with massive amounts of food.
Each lunch special includes a cup of hot and sour OR egg drop soup, 2 fried wontons, 1 egg roll and your entree served with steamed rice.
Since I'm a big fan of wor won ton soup and am always looking for the best out there, I also ordered that to give it a try.
Like a previous review, I found the won ton soup to be very fresh and satisfying and it was probably my favorite part of the meal.
The hot and sour soup was also good; it didn't seem hot at first, but as I continued eating it, I could taste a little bit of heat kicking in.
Because there was so much food, I didn't eat the fried won tons or the egg roll.
The cashew chicken was a tad salty, but mix it with the steamed rice and you're good to go.
A solid "A-OK."

I love Taste Of China.
I eat here at least once a week.
Their menu is pretty big and the prices are small.
Also, they are incredibly fast.
If order for pick-up, it's ready in 5 minutes.
Should I order delivery, it only takes 10-15 for the food to get to my house.
My favorite plates are the crab puffs and the General Tso's chicken.

If you're looking crappy chinese food, look no further.
I was saying at a friends house in Gilbert, wanting some food delivered so I decided to yelp it, as I always do in Hermosa Beach (yeah okay call me a snob) however, most people that yelp 5 stars, even if it's not 5 stars its still decent.
The cost is cheap, but it should be cheaper, considering the quality of food is so poor and the taste is so bland.
This is not the Taste of China, this is the taste of blandness that should be served in an old folks home for the elderly that have no taste buds.
I ordered items that people reviewed on, such as "They have awesome general Tsao Chicken" and "My fav is the crab puffs"   Are you hiiigh!?
the crab puffs were more like crab flats, with hardly anything in them and all dried out.
Luckily, I had a sense of humor so when I ate it, I said "Man this is so disgusting that its good"    All I am saying is, if you like good cheap, hole in the wall type food, this place is not for you.

My wife and I ate at Taste of China once a week before we moved away from the area, and we've had trouble finding a new Chinese place we like as much.
The Honey Seared Chicken is very good in particular, and the prices for everything are very reasonable considering the quality of the food.
Highly recommended.

Good food at good prices - best part about this place is the lady that runs the show over there - her name is Misty.
Ask fo her and you won't leave unsatisfied.
They should definitely pay her more.

I've been coming to Taste of China since moving to Gilbert in 1999, and I have never been disappointed, whether eating in or ordering out.
Service is great, food is great, and prices are affordable.
Two must-try dishes are the House Chicken and Orange Chicken

This is the fastest and freshest delivery in the valley.
I ordered from Taste of China on my way to the corner  7-11 for some Pepsi and the delivery and I arrived home at the same time.
Love the Orange chicken but just about everything other than the BBQ pork is worth a try.

If you're not into 80's, early 90's furniture and decor meets China town, this place is NOT for you.
If you have a problem with employees wearing white beaters and serving you food, this place is NOT for you.
If you're into lunch specials (choice of soup, eggroll, and crab ragoons, and entree dish) for close to $6, this place IS for you.
Good prices, decent food.
A bit on the bland side for the veggies, but  good use of spices throughout the meats and soups.
Good service but would appreciate it if she wasn't wearing a tank top and serving food.
Let's up this to a 3.5.

We've been eating here pretty much since they opened, I can't believe it's taken me this long to Yelp about it.
The food is always fast, fresh, and has good flavor.
The prices are good, and they usually have a coupon of some kind on their website.
Daughter loves the crab puffs.
I love the Shrimp with Vegetables and the husband loves the House Chow Mein.
For fast Chinese food that isn't Panda Express, go here.
Just as fast, you'll spend just as much and you'll get better food.

I ordered food from Taste of China for pick-up.
The customer service was pleasant and prompt, and I even got to use the "Buy 1 Entree, Get 2nd 1/2 Off" coupon from their website.
Their food was fresh and their attention to properly cooking the vegetables is noted, however I found the food somewhat underseasoned.
Hot and sour soup lacks the peppery and sour bite that I expect.
Similarly, the Spicy Korean Pork, which is specifically denoted as hot and spicy on their menu, fails to deliver the heat.
I did like the Honey Seared deep-fried Shrimp, but had to augment the lack of seasoning with soy sauce.
All decent Chinese food, but really could use some MSG!
Or if not MSG specifically, they need to raise up the level of spice and umami in their dishes.

Solid Chinese food.
Total Dive.
Owner couldn't be nicer.
Fantastic egg rolls.

Placed an order for Delivery and the lady who took my order was very quick, friendly and efficient.
She knew the answers to any questions I had and repeated my order back to me to confirm.
Delivery only took about 20-25 mins and the food was still hot when we got it.
It was packaged great, they even wrapped the container with the sweet sauce for egg rolls in a separate baggie to prevent it from spilling.
There was a TON of food!
If I had known that it would be such big portions I would not have ordered so much.
The food was great too.
I wouldn't necessarily say it was the best Chinese food I have had, but it was good.
The Kung Pao Chicken had a good bite to it and the kids loved the Honey Chicken.
The only cons I could put down, not these are really cons, but it would have made the difference between the 4 stars I gave and the 5 would be that with the care that took with packaging, I would have expected they would put soy sauce and other condiments along with it.
Also the Egg Rolls were not as good as I hoped they would be.
While we won't add Egg Rolls to our order next time, I will definitely order from here again!

Service excellent.
Food not so great.

Canned peas and carrots in shrimp with lobster sauce.
Service was friendly but it couldn't overcome what was quite possibly the worst Chinese food I've ever had.

After 10+ years of ordering delivery from this place, we are trying other places.
This was close, fast and convenient but I realized i was getting sub par food in exchange.
They never put enough veggies in their entrees, the CRAB rangoon is cream cheese and are stale every time we get them.
We have had many of the same dishes over the years and it never improved so we are trying others places in the area.
They always give you extra sauce for your food and the presentation in the bag was good but I want veggies in my sweet and sour chicken not just chicken and 4 large green pepper slices for example.
Bland food.

Ok, I eat here A LOT... and for years they have never failed me in making some really, really good food.
I am closing in on 300 meals from this place.
I do quite a lot of take out and in 5-10 min its ready to go!
As of late I've been killing the Lettuce Wraps!!!!
Holy goodness!
Ummmm...
Some of my Favs are Spicy Korean chicken w/brown rice,  Stir Fired Chicken w/ xtra chicken and xtra egg!
Ummmm...
Working out and want to eat clean...  their teriyaki chicken over steamed brown rice is super!
The chicken is prepared very nicely!
All in all, you can count on some good food at a good price.
I'm hungry!

I really hope this is not what China tastes like...
There are corporate chains that have better food, and THEY are horrible...   You can tell the ingredients are of the lowest quality and cost the owner the absolute least amount....
Plain and simple, just another "don't care about quality" place in a busy strip mall....

I ate here because reviews were pretty good and I LOVE Chinese food.This place is awful.
I noticed the waterchest nuts had mold, after eating half the plate.
Then got food poisoning.
Hooray!
Will never eat here again.
Gross!!
Worst place I have ever eaten and that says a lot.

Best place I have ever eaten Chinese food, everywhere should have that house special chicken.
The prices are phenomenal.

Only ONE thing keeping this little hole in the wall fantastic place from getting 5 stars is the fact that meals are served as they are prepared (which is very very quickly I will add)  my wife didn't get her meal until after mine.
they do not serve a whole table at once like a normal restaurant.
The food MORE than compensated for this little error in processing!
go here!
you will not be disappointed

One star for fast delivery.
The food was horrible.
The broth in the wonton soup tasted like water.
The egg roll had something like cinnamon in it.
Very bizarre, not good.
The crab puffs barely had any filling and were very sour.
I got cashew chicken as a entree, if was fine but nothing to write home about.
The veggies were a very mushy and lacking in flavor.
Fried rice was pretty bland.
Will not be returning.

Standard Chinese food.
I appreciate how they put the sauces top their entrees on the side so that the customer can sauce their own food (or already that is what has happened on two occasions).
I've had the General Tso's chicken which had tasty sauce with a bit of spice.
The chicken was real white meat which was refreshing to see.
The House Chicken was not as great as other reviewers have proposed.
The sauce was almost like a beef broth with some green onion in it; very bland, to say the least.
It was liquid, not a sauce.
Prices are average.
Service was great.
Average Chinese food that I would eat again if need be.
I'll probably look elsewhere first.

This place used to be the go to spot.
Real Solid for the most part.
Now the food is horribly bland and the egg rolls have some spice in them that is super nasty.
Sad

The delivery is insanely fast!
And the food is delicious!
My daughter loves the chicken lo mein and I really like the General Tso's chicken and the crab puffs.

They close at 9:30pm.
Called at 9:11.
They said 'no.

If you're looking for takeout Chinese in the area, this place is awesome!!!
They deliver, and by deliver I mean.. they are at your door with hot, yummy food in minutes...they will tell you 30-45 min and will be knocking in 15!!
As for the food, we have been coming here for takeout for the last year, and have yet to get anything less that delish.
They are very inexpensive, have good food and are fast!
What else do you need when it comes to takeout Chinese.

