The problem with Arizona and their golf situation is that residents don't get much of a break when it comes to golf.
Unlike other high touristy places like Florida or Nevada....residents get around a 30-50% reduction on fees.
This sucks for AZ residents because they have to pay super high prices or play when it's slightly cooler than hell.
Okay...enough of my rant....Western Skies is a great priced golf course for a really good golf course.
The course snakes it's way through a subdivision but I don't feel like I'm hitting over homes to hit the green like other courses in the valley.
Western skies has always been in good condition, even under high traffic....the course has good fast greens and wide landing areas.
I recommend Western Skies for a good inexpensive round in the valley.

If you enjoy your golf played on rugged asphalt as opposed to green grass, this is the place for you.
It doesn't matter if you're in the fairway or rough, the vast majority of turf out there is hard-pan.
It doesn't make for too fun of a round when all the shots are played off concrete.
The greens were pretty bad too.
They're very firm and inconsistent.
One green will hold a wedge shot nicely then the exact same shot on the next hole will hit and roll through the green.
They're a little short on green grass too.
They have some good summer deals if you do want to play out here though.
I booked on golfnow.com and paid $25 for unlimited golf and sandwich or hot dog comes with that.
I managed to get 36 holes in in under 6.5 hours.
This course is good for locals who just want cheap golf or hackers who aren't too concerned with conditions and just want a cheap round.
They seem to have lots of junior golf activities too.
Not my kind of course, though, and I won't hurry to return.

I live right down the street from Western Skies and played it quite often in my early golfing years (18-22) and found it as an OK course then.
It is wide open, so even if you spray it off the tee, its no big deal.
Its relatively cheap in the summer, but there are better deals.
In the winter, I won't go near the course, too overpriced.
However, as I have grown in my game, I find Western Skies to be sub par in many areas.
Worst bunkers in all of golf.
If, and that is a big IF, there is any sand in the bunkers it is rock hard.
The grass is patchy at best and never in good shape.
The fairways are rock hard and I would have to agree that the greens are extremely inconsistent.
If you read my other post about Dobson Ranch, you will know the other thing I covet is great customer service.
When I come into the clubhouse to complain that a round of golf took 6 hours, I don't want to hear excuses, I want apologies.
Western Skies usually books tee times ever 7 minutes as opposed to the standard 8 or even 9.
The rangers are never out on the course and they over book their tournaments.
This is just another course where the primary concern is not how can we provide a world class golfing experience, but how can we get one extra group on so we can make a few more dollars.
Needless to say, I haven't played this track in years and have no plans on doing so in the near future.

As good as it should be for the price.
We paid $12 or so for 18 holes with a cart on a Monday afternoon.
Can't really beat that.
For the price, it was good.
Some of the holes had seen better days as they were in the process of being reseeded in some areas.
Plenty of water scattered throughout the course to keep you hydrated.
Course was in fair condition, a little dry in some areas, but nothing horrible.

Not gonna lie - I've never played a full round of golf in my life.
Hey!!
I'm still LEARNING!
That being said, this is more a review on the driving range, where I spend many an after work/school afternoon trying to convince myself that everybody misses this much while learning to swing :S But, very nice.
I really like the range... they keep it clean and it's never too crowded.
And the people in the clubhouse are really nice!
I've even had a couple of instructors come out on a slow day and offer up friendly pointers without trying to push their expensive, I'm sure, classes.
Oh, and do all ranges allow you to take beer onto the green?
Cause that's pretty freaking cool.
Love this place.
Great way to destress.

i had a really good time at western skies golf club.
i've been away from the game of golf for quite a few years for various reasons (i'm lazy, i couldn't find fun people to play with, childhood resentment... ya know the story) but i've been lucky enough to find a decent group of people to play with again.
one of them happened to choose western skies on a random friday morning.
why not?
the course is pretty well maintained as are the golf carts and the facilities.
pricing is reasonable as well however they do ding you an extra $8/pp for a GPS unit.
i found that i really never even paid attention to it so my recommendation would be to leave it out.
the carts come with a little mini ice chest and ice is provided before you take off.
holes are well laid out and there are a few water hazards that could give you some trouble.
other than that its a pretty basic course with a bathroom stop at the 9th hole.
oh and the beverage cart lady makes pretty regular rounds.
they had a nice special going with $2 rolling rocks.
delightful.
i shot like crap but i had a good time.
well played, western skies.
well played.

Western Skies is a nice course but flat.... did i say flat?
... yes really flat course.
The price i paid for is not worth it if you asked me.
its more expensive than Foothills, Club West and Ocotillo.
not to mention they just reseeded and greens are slow... i felt like i am back in Malaysia when putting on the greens.
Again the architect is a brilliant one.. and i would say he is more of a business/marketing golf architect than a real golf architect.
no offends but all the holes are more or less the same.
not to mention golf maniac like me that golf a lot usually don't remember much except 1 and 18 holes.
hahaha.. on the serious note, i have photo memory and i can remember all the courses i have played.
back to western skies instead of getting to know me better... 18 is the one i will remember cos its really short PAR 4 and at the tee box it reminds you that most probably this will be the last hole you will BIRDIE it.
Guess what... i birdie it without sweating it.
will i go back?
well yes and no.
Yes if my buddy wanted to go there again.
no..... well its a no.
nothing urge me to revisit.

We held the rehearsal dinner for our son's wedding here.
It was perfect!
The atmosphere was warm, inviting, and decked out for Christmas .
The food was authentic and delicious.
The guests raved about the Mexican food.
Laura could not have been more helpful during the process.
I recommend Western Skies for any event.
Chris Sink

Very challenging golf course at a super competitive rate.
The food is great and so is the happy hour.
Staff is very friendly, very clean establishment.

Will never play here again!!!
The course is junkie, run down & overbooked.
Takes forever to finished a game.
Not the greatest food & the staff is not very friendly or accommodating.
There are other golf courses out there who runs specials w/nicer course, food & staff.
Greenfield Lakes Golf Kokopelli Golf  Trilogy Golf   DONT GO HERE!!!

