Dear Sonic,    Why all the commercials in Los Angeles when the only place I have EVER seen you is in Arizona?
I love Sonic.
It's a great fast food place, with classic drive up windows and servers that come and skate your order to your car.
Their fries are always crispy and salty the way I like them and their chicken strips are exactly what they need to be.
They always seem to have some sort of milk shake for any occasions, such as Valentine's (raspberry/cherry) or St. Patrick's Day (mint).
I wish they would open a Sonic over here because I can't think of any reason in the near future to go back to Arizona.

$2.99 for a foot long chili dog and tator tots..
I worry about myself sometimes.

I am normally not a fan of reviews of uber-chains like this (does the quality of McNuggets really vary from McDonald's to McDonald's?
) but I feel the need to highlight this place because a) the pickins are slim for reviews of stuff on the west side outside the Westgate or Arrowhead areas; b) I'm not really reviewing the quality of the food; and c) it must be noted that Sonic is open until midnight (also rare for this area, apparently).
After a late dinner the BF and I headed back across town to his neighborhood.
Around 11pm I started craving ice cream.
After a few internet searches I found that most dessert places in this area were long closed.
Not feeling like resorting to the McDonald's soft serve (have I really just dropped their name twice in one review?
) I kept searching.
Finally, I found Sonic and checked to make sure they were still open (tick tock, it's now 11:32pm).
Joy!
They are open until the clock strikes twelve AND they have a decent selection of desserts.
Cut to the drive-thru where I order their version of a Blizzard (switching up the fast food references) that can even be chocolate-flavored.
Hooray!
My night has been saved!
I return home, scarf down some tasty chocolate ice cream goodness and then fall asleep on the couch watching "Bad Boys.
"  What more could a girl ask for?

I ordered online through the new service because of a groupon deal I bought.
The service was, eh.
I drove up and told them I was there to pick up an order.
The order confirmation told me my food would be ready at 2:16 pm (02/29/12).
We waited a good 5-10 minutes after it was already 2:16pm.
It was not busy.
Online it asks you to choose EXACTLY what you want on the order.
For example,when you order the Jumbo popcorn chicken it asks what type of sauce; I chose barbecue, and it didn't come with the sauce, we had to ask before the gentlemen left.
They also charge you an extra .10 cents for a cherry.
My cherry limeade had no cherry.
I mean it may just be .10 cents, but that's an extra charge!
I was not pleased with this Sonic.
This was the first and last time I do a transaction online with Sonic.
If they can't do it the correct way, why even do it at all?
Even the receipt I received showed exactly what I wanted and paid for.
The gentlemen who served us was very nice and polite, so I have nothing bad to say about him, I wish I knew his name.

First time at sonic.
Husband loved his cherry limeade and I got a peanut butter fudge shake.
It was good but needed a bit more mixing.
Couldn't drink it until I got home and blended it more.

Sonic is the place you want to go if you want the biggest milk shake

