The Quest for Righteous Skivvies...
I'm a long-time shopper at Target (pronounced "tar-zhay", of course), but never have I had so many different storefronts to choose from as when living in the Phoenix metropolitan area.
As a matter of a fact, I didn't even know this Target existed until I decided I needed to explore the hidden strip malls and unfamiliar terrain that is Gilbert.
To no avail, I had already visited two other Targets to find more XL Champion long boxer-briefs, my newest discovery and must-haves for total workout comfort.
See, I've always been kind of a fat boy, so my thighs rub together and chafe during sessions on the treadmill or when running.
I thought I had conquered this nuisance by wearing compression (yes, spandex) shorts under my workout shorts, but that solution only predicated a new irritation... to my precious man-junk.
The spandex shorts I was wearing have a longitudinal seam that acts as a crosscut saw on my satchel.
It was becoming a huge deterrent to the frequency of my workouts, as it required a bit of recovery between sessions... and the application of a soothing salve.
Target to the rescue!
This Target store had a decent inventory of the prized undergarments I sought.
It must be the superior engineering of the "tech performance mesh pouch" that has brought me (and my boys) enhanced comfort and ventilation.
With fresh grundies in tow, I am now able to make the following pledge to my scrotum: "You, who have suffered so much for so long, shall no longer be mistreated by a poorly-engineered garment!
For I have spared you from an inevitable shredding, in a cool, dry comfort fit and supportive environment.
Never again will you suffer such agony, for the pouch art with you.
Amen.

I've been shopping at Target for years, but just recently had the pleasure of discovering how easy it is to set up a gift registry.
If the store doesn't stock something that you want to add to your registry, it's really easy to add it online or via your smart phone.

Finding help is difficult sometimes here.
This one is always clean, and for the menfolk, there is always "something to look at".
Ahem.
Just sayin'.

It's a Target.
You know the drill.
Clean, well stocked, good prices.
I'm a regular.

Love the store sales and its always very organized.
Only downfall is many tomes they do not have enough cashiers open or they wait LNG before opening more but otherwise a pleasure.
Also the customer service dept is quick and friendly with returns.

A little pricy but the scenery is better than the competitor..... No military discount boo hoo

