Spit your gum out before you enter.
Be prepared to get frisked.
Bring .50$ for the locker.
And forgo all fear and enjoy yourself.
Yes, it's swarming with young 'uns on Saturday night, but don't let them whizzing by you, showing you up, discourage you from letting your inner child come out to play.
In fact, laugh much, laugh hard and don't be afraid of falling.
I fell once, taking my date down with me.
Ha!
It was the highlight of my skating experience.
So funny.
I wasn't sure what to expect, but Great Skate is alot of fun.
If you aren't pro enough to skate backwards or play the games, just watch.
It's fun, too.
I recommend this place and roller skating for when you need to break away from reality and just enjoy yourself.
I give this place only 3 stars because it's not in the greatest neighborhood (hence security measures) and you have to be ready for a bunch of kids running around and, well, being kids.
If you can handle either, then you're golden.

It's your classic old school roller rink.
On weekend nights there are a lot of the local 7th and 8th graders.
There can be some characters and it's not in the best location, but still always provides some fun.

Last Saturday night I got my skate on....   (Before going out to indulge in more "adult" good times)  I had a fucking blast and have decided that next time I go, EVERYONE I know is going with me.
YES, that means YOU!
My date picked me up around 9ish and immediately made reference to the size of my "huevos" for wearing a "red rag" into the 623.
(Like anyone's going to believe a 32 yr old white girl at a skating rink is a gang banger).
He was joking obviously.... called me 2Pac all night...it was cute, whatever.
Upon arrival I noticed that indeed, it is pretty street in there.
No biggie, I grew up in Tucson where our skate rink was filled with cholos and meth heads.
I don't judge, I high five.
One thing was annoying... .75cents for a locker, and only half of them worked.
The .75 thing didn't bother me, the fact that they weren't marked so you just kept throwing more quarters in there and hoping for the best, did.
We strapped on our skates and took off.
I haven't been in many years so it took me a few minutes to get comfortable.
I can proudly say that I only fell once and it wasn't my fault..... what I can not proudly say is that I ended up on top of a 13yr old boy ...and from the very loud "OWWWUCH" that came out of him I'm pretty sure I punched him in the balls.
The look on his face was sheer horror.
(I still can't stop laughing about it).
My date was pretty fancy on his feet.....
I half expected people to profess undying love to him and call out his name as we left.
(one dood kinda did)  All in all, one of the most fun filled evenings that I've had in a long time.
Kudos Great Skate!

After seeing the PFN Skating event, I knew I just had to go.
So I did, pulling along my partner so we can go and appease our inner child.
We are super glad we did.
Having been born and raised here in the valley, I was immediately brought back to 7th grade with the smell of sweat, popcorn, and floor wax.
I hadn't been back to Great Skate since then, and truly, it hasn't changed.
Sure, colors have changed, but nothing else really.
But it works.
After signing the injury waiver (I wonder if they offer this to kids who are clearly underage?
I assume so) we wander in and look around to the loud music and all of the tiny little kids.
I've always been taller than a lot of people... but I felt super tall that night.
haha  Slip on my skates... and then immediately believe that I'm in more trouble than I thought I was.
But with the good music, a few windmills of the arms (you know, twirling your arms around to avoid falling), and almost punching out some kid trying to trip me, I got the hang of it quickly.
Skating is like riding a bike.
:)  Great Skate lends to a great time and a relatively cheap entry price, yet the skate rental is EXPENSIVE.
Carmen and I had a blast and we would definitely go back.

Any place that will allow me to show up and roller skate while wearing a gold jumpsuit/skirt combo is a place for me.
Just don't tell my behind that we are going to go back.
It's still sore from all the spills I took trying to be crafty with cross overs last Friday.

History.
That's what makes this roller rink unlike any other.
From the staff to the locals, this place was hopin' on Friday night.
The rink itself was very clean - looks like they take pride is keeping it that way too!
Choice of "regular" rental skates or roller blades - both of which seem to be maintained.
The snack bar attendant was nice and helpful, as well.
Food was what we expected - pizza, pretzels, sodas and Icees.
Kiddos had a great time, which makes me very happy.
Would we go back?
Yep - probably will.
See you there?
Hope so!

Not the newest or greatest or cheapest.
But if your in the mood for roller skating, it's there.

I've been going here since I was 12.
I practically grew up here.
There was a patch of time where it lost a lot of popularity.
But great skate is back now.
Filled with people every Friday and Saturday.
The best lighting system, the best employees, the funnest environment and DEFINITELY the best sound system in arizona.
If you're looking an awesome place to go with the fam or for bday parties, or even with your friends, go to Great Skate.
You won't be disappointed.

I hate walking in here because it always stinks.
They really need to ventilate this place.
My daughter loves it, always had a great time, whether she is skating or attending Club 54.
Great place for birthday parties, she loved her party.
She also got a butt-load of tokens with the party package.

Ok so this place needs a make over, and I would never spend 10 dollars to get in and then another 3 dollars for skates on a Friday or Saturday.
However I love Monday discount night where it is 3 dollars to get in and that includes skates.
I took a little kid that I work with who had never skated and the people were so nice to help up get him on and off the floor.
When he fell, they were amazing and stopped all the people from skating so I could get him off the floor.
That was so great.
We will be back :-)

The last time I went roller skating was probably 1987, at Skaters World in Wayne, NJ.
My sister invited me this past Saturday afternoon and I was no disappointed.
All that was missing were some acid washed jeans and scrunchy socks to complete my trip back into the 80s.
We had a great time!
IT was PACKED.
There were tons of birthday parties so my only real complaint was the lack of tables and food.
They literally were out of hot dogs and pizza for non party skaters (insane, we had nachos.
boo).
The music was great, the dj was fantastic with getting the kids involved, and the training skate mate rental for the little kids was great.
We'll be back :)

We had my daughter's 8th birthday here today.
What a great experience!
We chose to go with the 4:30 to 7 time slot because of the special "cosmic skate" type session.
Most of the girls attending had never skated before.
When I booked the party I also reserved the skate mates - they are like walkers on wheels to help new skaters.
The staff was excellent, especially our party host.
I spent the same amount of money I would have at Chuck E Cheese and everyone - including adults - had a way better time.
I will be doing this again for years to come!

I've been here a few times now, mostly with my daughters.
I grew up going skating nearly every weekend, and I had forgotten how enjoyable it was.
I will definitely be back, often.

Dj five stars, food to be expected, the lady who took our groupon Sam was awesome, cleanliness not too bad for the type of environment, but the reason why I rate so low is because of Erica at the concession stand.
She was rude, and looks like she really hates her job.
When we got the front finally, told us no slice of pizza available and that I would need to wait in line all over again.
Then the second time I finally made it to the front the same thing.
So I waited till I saw her giving other people their single slices of pizza.
She also shorted us our drinks.

Went last night for a semi private event.In my opinion,that's the only time to go.I was happy to see it seems they made some improvements since the last time I went,however the floor is crappy with a few rough patches that need to be worked out.
Maybe it's just that I've been spoiled by high end rinks like Roxy,Metropolis,Lloyd's and the Paradise that are all sadly no more (except Lloyd's,but I don't get to Canada as often as I used to).I liked Surfside for their staff and great floor,but they are gone as well.
So all I have now is this place that when it's public skate,is overcrowded and full of constantly falling and crawling kids...I have also run into the surly manager someone mentioned in a filtered review which,in combination with everything else,keeps me away until such time as anyone rents the rink privately for an event I can wangle my way in to...

I have been going to Great Skate since I was a little girl.
It's SO fun going back to this place as an adult!
I love the fun music, lights, and games!
It's nice that they offer deals a lot on daily deal sites too.
I am not a huge fan of the skating 'sessions', but it seems like most skating-type places have these sessions now.

Aweful place.
They get the little kids off the rink to allow "advanced skaters" to skate.
I had two kids in tears.
Management is rude, beligerent and disrespectful.
I would never go back there if they paid me to go !
(incidentally, we are from the surprise area and are used to clean and friendly places for our kids entertainment.
If you are looking for the ghetto, this is your kind of place)

I had a great time at Great Skate, no doubt!
They have food, games, music, and roller skating :) my only complaint would be that it was almost terrifying to see so many of the small kids getting practically run over by the older, more experienced skaters.
It seems like there could be rules in place to protect the younger, slower skaters...maybe have them on the outer or inner sections so faster skaters aren't weaving in and out around them?
All the the staff I came across there were very professional and offered great service.

Smells like feet in there!!!
I have not roller staked in 10 years so my body forgot and I fell.
OUCH!!!
We went with a B1G1 coupon.
The place is run down.
And bathrooms are a little gross.
The music was good and the staff was nice.

Maybe it's the broken wrist doing the reviewing but this place has way too many unattended children to be deemed safe.

This place really needs to have 5 stars, why doesn't it???
what an amazing value!!!
Saturday, Aug 24 my son had his 7th birthday at 10am - 12:30 session.
They even threw in a free lesson at 9am before his party which helped tremendously.
The package I ordered (which was basic & very affordable more may be included with other packages that cost more I don't know).
Included pizza, drinks, tokens, wheel of fortune spin, personalized song dedication by DJ with all kids getting a trip to the soundbooth, plenty of announcements over the loudspeakers for his birthday, when they were eating cake, etc.
Our server Vince informed us that he was 'newer'.
However, I never would've known.
He was extremely well spoken, professional, informed me at every chance of what was going on & what the timeline was of the party, any needs I had & did I have any questions.
We have had parties at the park, at Peter Piper's, etc.
I will never do that again.
We will have our parties here, unless we are out of state, which happens sometimes.
The manager Rodney was so patient, helpful & organized.
When one of the children fell, we were met immediately with a skate referee to help us off the rink & asked if we needed first aid or ice.
I am seriously blown away by the affordability of this place with all the extras included, the great music, the instructors & the cleanliness of the facility.
I really hope it stays this way, sometimes places like this slowly decline in quality so I am reaching out to the Manager Rodney in this post - make sure to maintain your consistency, customer service & quality & you have a loyal family here!
All the parents who attended told me this was the best party their child had been to & they all had a blast, adults included.

Going to the roller skating rink is old fashioned, good clean fun.
We've been here for school events and birthday parties and always had a great time.
Even when they messed up and took forever to deliver the pizza at my 7-year-olds birthday they made up for by giving us free passes and tokens to use on our return.
If you've got kids, or just want to feel like one again, and especially when its too hot to go outside, head on over to Great Skate and get your workout in while having a great time!

Went on a Friday at noon.
Waited in line for 20 minutes to get in.
Waited 10 minutes for skates.
Waited in line 45 minutes to get a soda at snack bar.
Super inefficient place.
Dirty, bad area.
Really disappointed that the 150+ kids had to sit out for 20 minutes while the 12 weird, creepy adults who are apparently super into skating,  got to skate adults only.
Come on, what adults come here in the day to skate?!?
Get a job, people!!!
So, 150 kids crammed all around our table, falling, hitting each other with their walkers, knocking everything off our table, including the soda i waited 45 minutes for, waiting to go back and skate.
So ridiculous!
Let the kids skate.
The only reason I gave it two stars was because my daughter was so excited that she got to try out the new skates Santa left her.
Won't be going back.

Horrible experience.
I called ahead to make sure they were open and to double check their business hours(literally an hr or two before I jumped in my car to head their way).
I drove all the way there to find out they were closing early because there were not enough people, long story short, an hr round trip drive for 30 min of skating.
They gave me a free pass to come back, ok, that's reasonable.
So I drive all the way here again and they aren't accepting the free pass tonight DAH!!
No luck with great skate, not so much their fault that I live far away but generally one is given a free pass to make up for something or because you didn't make such a good impression .
Might be a good idea to honor it.

