This is more of a pizza joint for people who have young kids.
They have kid games and it gets pretty noisy in here.
The pizza is not too bad .
If I was craving pizza, this place would not be high on my list but, it was an 'interesting' experience nonetheless.
I suppose If I had kids or I was a kid I would probably enjoy coming here.

As far as Peter Piper Pizza's go, this one is pretty awesome!
Yes, you have the kids running around everywhere.
Yes, you lack gourmet pizza.
But, uh, HELLO.
It's Peter Piper Pizza.
I happen to like (not love) the pizza here, maybe it stems from it being rooted in me as a child.
Anytime we go dining with children under 13 in tow, this is always a great choice.
The kids eat, they play, they tire themselves out and they come home with a bunch of cheap crap they bought with their tickets that cost me triple what it would of cost at the dollar store with regular grown-up money versus tokens and tickets.
Anyhow.....
I'm a fan of this particular location because:  1) The place is spacious enough that you are not run down by little people on your way to pick up your order.
2) They keep tables, play areas and restrooms very clean.
3) Service is satisfactory.
4) Play area, arcade games, carousel are all in great condition - nothing torn, falling apart or borderline condemned like other Peter Piper restaurants.
5) They have several 32 inch TV's hanging in case you want to catch a particular game while the kids are playing.
6) And, again, the pizza is really not that bad.

All PPP have the same layout.
This one I have to say is cleaner than the others.
Kids are everywhere!!!
The pizza was not bad.
The wings are not too bad either.
They did an excellent job on my friend kid's birthday.
The person dedicated to the party she got every detail down and timed it just right.
Everyone had a great time.

Great staff very friendly and helpful!!!
Also Very clean!!

I had to go here to sign the kiddo up for baseball.
Before we went, he told me that he didn't like Peter Piper.
Whatever, kid, I know better than to believe that EXTREMELY large pile of bologna!
You're 5 and your life revolves around playing, napping, and eating snacks, and playing some more!!!!!
Ahh to be a kid again!
Anyways, while we were there I figured why not eat?
We got a pizza and he got a free pizza (from school).
With our pizza we took the survey on the receipt and got 10 free tokens.
BOOYA!
Well, booya for about 2 minutes - 10 tokens are blown away enough just to wet the appetite of a 5yr old.
Needless to say, he didn't eat his pizza.
He was too flabbergasted to even know what he was doing.
In fact, if I had to guess his vision was something akin to someone taking Estacy.
I mean... flashing lights, kids running around like they are on cocaine, and most importantly... he wanted to spend MY money.
I kid you not, I'm turning into my mother every day.
I never understood why my mom said no to me having fun.
Well, it is because the particular type of fun I wanted her to invest in was EXPENSIVE.
I mean, $20 for tokens will get you about 15 tickets which will get you a $0.05 Tootsie Roll from the prize department.
I'll tell you what, kid, you sit there and enjoy your pizza and be thankful that you arent still sitting in the car waiting on me... the sheer act of letting you into such an establishment is a gift itself.
Since you want to play video games... and eat candy... how about this... how about we roll over to Sam's Club and get a 5lb bag of candy... and you can go home and play whatever game you want on whatever console you want (spoiled kid has access to a XBOX360, a PS3, a Wii, and a computer - I had 5 Nintendos TWO YEARS AFTER the Super Nintendo came out because nobody wanted the NES system anymore!).
But of course today that isn't cool.
He wants to have fun.
I lost - mom bought him more tokens.
*sigh* I guess I'm the bad guy again.
On a serious note the pizza wasn't bad (and the kid claims that PP Pizza is the best now, again, whatever) but the tables were filthy.
I guess I kind of expected that though.

Peter Pipers is a childhood fav  -yes it's not gourmet and is cardboard-ish, but its an American favorite and sometimes the cravings call for it :) The manager at this particular location gave my husband and son a free personal pizza and tokens on their bday :)

Always a great place to bring our little one (4 years old) Games are Fun, pizza is always great.
Prices haven't changed much over the years.
Highly recommend for anytime of day and any occasion.

= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =  Whipped into this friendly Peter Piper for the first time today, joined by Mike C. & Jackie C.  This location has a fairly large dining room and had 9 pizzas plus breadsticks ready to help ourselves to immediately.
Along with that, we asked them to make us a custom with Thin Crust, Pepperoni, Italian Sausage, Red Onion, Jalepeño & bacon.
They did, & was it ever good!
(See photo.
)     :-))  Now if we can just get "r.l.
" to stop hogging up all the storefront photo spaces for business that he or she has never been to!
:-@  Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $5.99/$5.39 Sr.

My kids ALWAYS want to come here!
The pizza actually doesn't taste bad!
One of my children doesn't particularly care for sauce, so the garlic bread pizza they serve is right up his alley.
The weekday lunch buffet is a great deal.
They even let a child age 2 or under eat it for free (Yes, A child, as in limit one.
) Salads are available - as part of the buffet or served as an entrée.
Peter Piper coupons can be found on their website, and you can also sign up to receive offers via email.
The deals are pretty good, too.
They are usually for some sort of pizza and token combination.
I have had birthday parties for my kiddos here.
Things went very smoothly each time, and the pricing was quite reasonable.
The kids love the games and play area.
It's pretty clean.
However, it gets busy here quickly.
Some parents don't watch their kids, so there are usually a bunch of kids running amok, climbing on arcade games, etc.
Aside from that, this is a fun place with decent food and pleasant employees.

