This is my neighborhood Sprouts.
The one time manager of this store used to live downstairs from me and I had no clue what he did for a living until long after he accepted a position with another company.
After I found out what he did I mentioned I had only been in 2 Sprouts and had liked the produce in the first one I went to (83rd and T-Bird) but when the new one opened at 51st and Peoria, on my way home, I had been disappointed in the quality of the produce and had never gone back.
He explained you do not want to buy meat and produce from a place that does not have lines at the register because they do not turn the inventory fast enough.
He suggested I go a little out of my way and try his old store which does a much higher volume.
If I am in the area I will also still stop by 83rd and T-Bird as they do even more volume.
Some of their stuff is a little high priced but for price shopping I go to Wal-mart or Costco.
So what do I like to buy there?
Produce, pork brats, fish (Friday I got swordfish), several times a year they have buffalo, chocolate covered raisins (I really have to watch myself).
They have Muir Glen ketchup (no corn syrup and great taste).
I have tried some of their breads and chips and not been impressed.
I do not go often but I am glad I took my neighbor's advice and tried them again.
And I have never had more than 3 people in front of me in line.

3 cantaloupes for a buck??
SOLD!
If you're obsessed with produce as much as I am, Sprouts is the hippest spot in town!
Similar to Henry's back in the C of A, this place is legit with their freakin' amazing deals (ahem..double ad WEDNESDAYS...)  You got your plethora of organic fixin's, but I'm all about the deals deals deals...
Fruits are jaw droppin cheap..
So many veggies to choose from, you might as well become a vegetarian!
Even asparagus goes on sale!
And cmon'...bulk items?
Stock up on them gummy bears...need a cup of brown sugar?
Done!
A teaspoon of dried parsley?
You got it!
I am particularly fond of their cranberry trail mix with a drooling combination of candied pecans, chocolate chips, cranberries, cashews and honey roasted peanuts...  To Sprouts for reeediculously cheap produce that makes me giddy every Wednesday, cheers to you!

I used to always go to Henry's across the street before it closed.
I loved Henry's..
I don't know if Sprouts has grown on me, or it is just my memory of Henry's slowly fading away...
Regardless, if I was shopping Sprouts, it can mean only one thing..
DIET TIME!
No, not really that excited..  Too many meals out and happy hours (I blame Yelp..  A little..)  I go to Sprouts for the fresh organic veggies, soups and snacks..
I'll be there at least one or two more times in the next two weeks until I return to real food.

i hate to ding Sprouts, but customer service is a big deal to me.
i've never had any complaints... their cashiers are always professional and friendly and when employees are on the floor stocking they've always asked if i was finding everything okay.
But the deli department.... NOT IMPRESSED AT ALL!
i went in to order a run of the mill deli platter.... meat and cheese  and also a condiment platter.... sliced tomato, onions, lettuce.
i had looked at what several local grocers had to offer online and really liked Sprouts.
Not to mention that i want to support local business.
But when i got to the deli counter they didn't have listed what i was looking for.
when i mentioned what i wanted all i got from the guy behind the deli counter was his own list of complaints.
he told me that he's done catering (great, then cater to MEEEE, YOUR CUSTOMER) and that he thinks the order form is cheap looking and misses the full-color pamphlets they used to have (probably what i saw online).
he talked me into their mini-sandwiches after very condescendingly stating that they GENERALLY like 24 hours notice.
since i was giving them 32 hours notice i wasn't sure why he was acting like it was a problem.
i don't know why i didn't just leave then and take my business somewhere else.
i SHOULD have and i KNOW better than to deal with service like that.
But still, i hoped for the best.... even after he said that he hoped that they didn't get too many more orders (implying that they wouldn't be able to handle the volume since i SO INCONSIDERATELY gave them less than 24 hours notice.
can this guy do math?).
so 32 hours later we picked up the sandwiches.
there was a mix of chicken salad, tuna salad, ham, turkey and roast beef.
every sandwich was built EXACTLY the same dollop of mayo, dollop of dijon mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion, alfalfa sprouts and meat (no cheese).
dijon mustard on CHICKEN SALAD??!?!?!!
i think not.
i'm highly disappointed in the service given.
i  should have asked if they had meat and cheese and could they put them on a platter for me.
better yet, i should have gone elsewhere that was less convenient, but with better customer service.
i will continue to go to Sprouts for meats and veggies, but will never ever ever shop their deli again.

I have a confession...I have fallen in love with Sprouts..I don't know how it happen..I have known him for years...but suddenly I can't get enough.
He completes me.I have been looking for so many things and here all along is my sweetheart of a store.
Oh yeah I liked others, Fresh and Easy was amazing, had a fling with Trader Joes, seriously considered AJ's but he is just out my league.
But Sprouts  just may be the real deal, especially when Andrew K. told me that Sprouts is locally owned ..my heart melted and everything changed.
The peaches smelled sweeter, the herbs are fresher, the bins are oh so deep and full of wonderful treasures.
I see that Sprouts and I have similar values we both love reusable shopping bags, organic foods, grass fed beef, fresh low priced produce, and he knows my love of a variety of teas as well as cheeses .
Right now we are only seeing each other about 2-3 times per week  but I am pretty sure this is going to be a lasting relationship .
I have been dreams about our life together and it  is delicious.

I have to say that about 6 months ago I would have never gone to sprouts but, a change in life happened to my family my 6 year old daughter was diagnosed with selac's Disease( allergic to gluten or wheat).
Sprouts saved our life they have the best selection of gluten- free products and at a good price.
I would highly recommend them as the best store for gluten free products.

Almost every Wednesday (double-ad day) I make the 9 mile pilgrimage to this healthy food store to pack my cooler full of fresh vegetables.
Although the veggies may not be as fresh-looking as those in some major grocery stores, the selection is great and the prices can't be beat.
Not just for the rabbit food, this is the place to go for bulk spices, vitamins & supplements, organic staple foods, inexpensive meats, cheeses, and even cheap wines.
Being more health and earth-conscious, the cashiers at this store don't bat an eye if you ask for no bags.
This is also a great place to people-watch - I don't know what it is, but this store has a weirder clientèle than Wal-Mart.
From the hippie lady in 8 inch spike heels who sprinted from her convertable 'vette across the parking lot then jumped in the last motorized scooter cart to ride it around the store, to the 80-year old lady who was stuffing bulk M&M's into her bra.
Speaking of bulk, here's where the star value starts going down... Sprouts needs to re-design their ample bulk section so that the goods are out of reach of children and octogenarians.
I don't think I've ever been there when I haven't seen kids running their hands through the dry beans ('cause it felt cool), or grandpa munching on the peanuts.
My husband was there last week to take advantage of a sale on bulk cereal, and a guy next to him put his hand right in to "make sure it is fresh".
Nice.
I prefer my granola with less arm-hair, thank you.
That said, this is still by far the best place to stock up on veggies, soy milk, and tofu, while not breaking the bank.

I am in love with Sprouts.
I buy pretty much all of my groceries here because they have the best prices and it is hard to get too unhealthy (as long as you avoid the delicious bulk bin candy section which I admitt can be pretty hard...) If you want to avoid the crowds and get attentive service nothing beats 7am or after 7pm!
The morning is probably the best if you like an adrenilane rush.
I have class at 8 so I feel like I am on the clock and there is always somebody vacuuming with long cords snaking everywhere.
Intense!

I love Sprouts.
We do the majority of our shopping here.
I go to Sprouts for the fresh veggies, beans and snacks.
I have yet to find anything I dont like.

I am giving Sprouts 5 stars because they are just plain great!
A no frills place to get what you need and get out.
The stores are neat, clean and customer service is top notch.
Need something, can't find it, just ask!
They will stop what they are doing and help with friendly smile.
I only wish they were closer.
A girl can dream.....

I love Sprouts.
So this has nothing to do with Sprouts.... Not directly.
Why the heck  are old people always in such a hurry?
I love Sprouts but  I want to kick a seniors ass every time I'm at the check out.
It's not like they work or anything why are you cutting me in the checkout line, huffing and puffing and talking trash???
Where the hell are you rushing to anyway?

Sprouts is great.
I can't really comment on much more than the produce, because all I go for is that, plus a few items from the bulk bins.
Their prices are almost always fantastic and the fruits & veggies are fresh.
Lines are never long when I go and the staff is friendly.
I am a little hesitant about stuff being in bulk bins for whomever to stick their grimy hands in, but I try to stay confident that everyone uses only the scoops.
The one thing that bugs me is how super long the stinkin' receipts are!
C'mon, save some paper!

Good produce for a good price!
Among the local grocery stores, Sprouts probably offers the best value.
And there are always good weekly deals!
The processed foods are a little pricy, but that's only because they are organic or specialty foods.

Organic produce looks like it has been beaten with a wire brush.
Poorly stocked, poor selection, overpriced everything.
MRM veg protein powder is $30 here, $15 on Amazon!
Are you kidding me?
Stood at the deli register for 11 minutes only to be acknowledged by "Vivian" who promptly advised us she was on break and walked away.
Poor customer service.
Aloof, unfriendly staff acts like they hate working there.....maybe they do.
I hated shopping there, so I don't anymore.

Favorite sprouts.
And they have Robert there, I always try to get in his line, he's always so nice and efficient.

I am working over in this part of town, so I came here for some quick shopping.
I do like Sprouts, they have a great selection of items.
Each store is laid out a little differant.
So at times when you go into a new store it can be a little confusing to find what you need.
It is much cheaper than Whole foods and more selection the Trader Joe's , so it is a good in between place.
They have a great amount of fruit and vegetables.
Plus you can even buy Buffalo meat here which is pretty healthy I must say.
You get .5cents off your bill for each bag you bring in as well.
They take cash and Credit, but to be honest, I do not know if they take check or not.
I have never asked.
Next time I will ask so I can include it in my review.

Love sprouts!
Their bulk foods are a great value and the selection is huge and varied.
They also have a wonderful selection of fresh produce and their pricing is competitive.
Great vitamin selection as we'll.

I have been to Sprouts twice, and I'm liking it more and more as I go.
I like it a whole lot better than Whole Foods; there is no hot food bar, sushi station, or grill to distract me from what my main purpose is--to go grocery shopping.
There is a deli, but I'm cool with that.
Most items are easy to find, and prices are reasonable.
The sales are decent on certain items like olive oil, juice, vegetables, etc.
Now, I'm not one of those gluten-free, vegan, quinoa-eating type of people; I'm just trying to steer away from corn syrup, MSG, and preservatives.
Sprouts is the perfect place to embark on such a task.

I go here all the time.
The spicy chicken parmesan sausages from the meat counter are awesome!
Wish they had a salad bar

What a fantastic retail experience.
Lots of high end quality goods and their weekly circular means you can get some good deals.
I buy most of my meat at Sprouts and it is really a cut above the rest.
Also home of a fantastic wine and beer selection, fresh produce, dietary supplements, and the famous 2.99 sandwich special.

The evolution of supermarkets towards fresh produce, gluten-free products, organic products when possible, and competitive prices has been a boon to Sprouts.
This is a local chain on the verge of exploding onto the national scene in a big way.
Sprouts recently went public and with good reason.
They have 170 stores, primarily on west coast and a rabid customer base.
These stores rock!
They are super clean, super competitive and have a fantastic selection of groceries.
The produce is some of the finest you'll find in town; it's always top notch quality at very good prices.
The meat counter is amazing.
Trust me on this, their chicken sausage (about five flavors but choose the caliente) is fantastic.
We use it a couple of times a month in our spicy pasta dish with mini penne.
The fish is always fresh, it never smells fishy, and the wrapped meat in the case is beautiful and always delicious.
The general merchandise section has one of the largest selections of natural and homeopathic vitamins and supplements in the valley and an educated staff to help guide your purchases.
They have a wonderful selection of bulk foods that has got to be the highest quality bulk in the valley.
The chocolate covered (you name it, walnuts, almonds, raisins, peanuts, etc) are fantastic!
It's a great way to buy just the quantity you need, at a great price.
I've shopped at nearly all of the West side Sprouts and none of them will disappoint you; this is a quality chain that is going to be around for a long, long time.

Great place for buying fruit and nuts.
I think fruit in Sprouts is the cheapest in the area.
And hey, they have variety of nuts sold in bulk.
You can taste the nuts before buying it.
I love this place

I tried shopping here and I have to say I was extremely disappointed.
I don't understand how so many people love shopping here.
Most of the produce I looked through was browning and/or was bruised.
I figured I would give it a chance and bought a few items.
The next day I went to eat some of the raspberries I bought and when I opened the container I saw many of them had mold on them.
I'm very surprised at the condition of their produce when they advertise how fresh it is.
With how much they charge compared to other grocery stores, I would expect the produce to be beautiful, fresh, and ripe, not brown, moldy and rotting.
Won't shop there again.

The best thing I can say about this Sprouts is it's the least worst place to shop, at least compared to other grocery stores near me.
When your choices are chemical-y fruit from Fry's, no fruit from Target, or occasionally moldy fruit from Sprout's, you pick the moldy fruit.
That said, if you spend a couple extra minutes studying your produce (especially the berries!!
You WILL find moldy berries about 75% of the time, no matter how much you try to shake the berry package), it's not so bad.
And the prices for produce can't be beat.
Sprouts also runs weekly deals, which are pretty darn good.
Their dairy section is good - but the real winner is their wine/beer section.
You can almost ALWAYS find a good deal on wine or beer at Sprouts.
Woohoo!
The people who work at Sprouts are hit or miss.
There are definitely one or two people I avoid like the plague, because if you get in their checkout line, you won't check out for another 30 minutes.
Almost not joking.
Also, forget about anyone helping you out on the floor.
I don't even bother asking people for fresher berries, if all the strawberries are moldy.
Just give up on strawberries that week.
No one is going to help you, and that's okay.
They can be surly if you ask them (lesson learned!
)  Their bulk bins are great - really good deals!
But be warned, EVERYONE sticks their hands in the bulk bins.
If that weirds you out, don't buy from the bulk bins.
I'm pretty healthy, so I haven't gotten ill from everyone shoving their hands in there yet!
Like I said, least worst place to shop, at least anywhere within a 20-minute driving radius from where I live.

