It's not the swankiest animal hospital.
But the vets and staff are really nice and knowledgeable.
Their rates aren't bad either.
In addition, it happens to be an emergency facility.
We had to bring both our dogs here for emergencies on separate occasions, and they got right in, even during off hours.
There is an extra fee attached though, I think around $50.
I also like that they don't try and sell you a bunch of tests and meds that your pet likely won't need.
They often employ the "wait and see" approach, which usually works for the best.
Plus, they call the day after you come in, to check in on your pet.
How nice is that?

Arrow Animal Hospital is not my favorite place in the universe, but Ive been visiting these guys since I was in high-school whenever I had an issue with one of my animals and have never been displeased.
They have a clean facility and wonderful doctors.
The day after Christmas, I woke up to a depressed lethargic dog, so I rushed her over to Arrow.
They diagnosed her with Parvo, which is a terrible terrible disease spread by other infected dogs and is virtually impossible to kill or cure.
There are treatments however, to which the doctors promptly got started on.
I was really nervous as I watched her give my puppy an IV drip along with 5 other injections, mostly because I was going to be sent home with all these things that I was going to have to administer myself twice a day.
I asked about 200 questions and the Dr. was so nice and helpful and very informative.
She gave me an after hours number to call if I felt uneasy or had anymore Q's as well.
The next day, she called me first thing in the morning to see how the pup (and myself) were doing.. And everyday after that, she called again, up until my dog got better.
I really appreciated this.
Not only that, but every single person working there genuinely cared about my dog, and it showed with how they treated her each time we went in for followups.
I love all of them.
I'm happy to report that my dog is better, and im glad these guys are located right around the corner, just in case.

Super affordable, super knowledgable staff and vets that get you in immediately.

I've been going here over two years after my other vet recommended them because they couldn't get us in over the weekend.
We have always gotten right in and the wait is short.
We have seen at least 4 of their vets and been pleased each time.
They call the next day to check on my pets and are so caring.
They do the shots in the exam room which I like and offer pain management after surgery I believe as part of the cost.
The first time this vet gives vaccines to a new patient one vaccine is free.
They also have a referral program if people tell the you sent them.
Dental cleaning fees are reasonable too.
Give them a try and huh hum tell them Christina Wellman sent you...I have three cats and a dog that can use your referral bonus !

Disappointment, regret, irritation.
After spending thousands of dollars removing a tumor from beloved feline, where I received mediocre service at best, I now will be asking for my cat's records and find a new veterinarian.
I call Arrow Animal Hospital at 8 a.m. to inform them my cat's tumor was bleeding all over my house.
I called them back at 11 a.m. and was put on hold.
I finally received a call at 2:30 p.m., more than five hours later.
I intend to go somewhere that cares as much about my pet as I do.

I have been taking my dogs here for over 5 years and have always been pleased.
They are affordable and very down to earth.
What I love the most about this vet is that they never try to upsell you on things you don't need.
They are also open on Sat and Sun which is very convenient.
We recently got a new puppy and discovered Arrow Animal Hospital puppy program.
This included all 4 puppy visits with vaccinations and dewormer for around $200 total.
You won't find this price anywhere else!

Dr. Willms has been my German Short-Haired Pointer's Dr since she was 1 and we are so pleased with his care and love for her.
Banana is a very hyper puppy and it takes a lot out of a Vet to handle.
Dr Willms is comfortable with all puppies and was a perfect match for my Banana.
The office is a bit far from home but well worth the drive.
Out Banana is cared for with tender care when ever she may need to stay for a day visit.
The prices for medications are reasonable.
The staff understands the love you have for your pet and want to relay that every time you may wish or need to come in for care.

We feel very welcomed here.
Our dogs are spoiled rotten with belly rubs and kisses by all the vets and vet assistants!
We purchased the "puppy packages" for both of our dogs which includes all there needed puppy vaccinations, nail clipping, and poop check for $100.
You can request a particular vet at each visit or get one a random.
They are all so friendly it will be hard to choose!
Dr. Sherl has been our pick so far.
One of our dogs had to be sterilized fairly young due to a possible cancerous testicle.
Our pup came out of the vet office in top-top shape.
It is quite a drive for us, about 30 to 40 mins but worth the trip for us given the excellent care our dogs receive.
Another plus is the amount of options given to you as far as how much a procedure can costs and the integrity of stating what kind of care plan is recommended for your dog breed.
I am very happy with the care and cleanliness of the office and will continue to make that drive for our pets!

We have been bringing our two dogs and two cats to Arrow Animal Hospital for more than eight years.
We (including our dogs and cats) have always been treated wonderfully.
Because it appears that there is little turnover in staff, we feel as if the staff knows us very well, and in turn treats us almost like old friends.
We have also recommended Arrow Animal Hospital to friends who have let us know that they have had a very positive experience.

Efficient and decently priced.
We had a good experience.

The entire staff is friendly and caring.
They have great business hours and have always treated my furry family well!

Arrow saved our choclate lab after he ate somethings he shouldn't have and ended up with an obstructed bowel.
After our former vet refused to do the surgery without the full amount paid upfront, Arrow was able to help us with finacial arrangements.
They did not talk down and they absolutely loved our Jake.
He is on the mend now.
We have 3 dogs and will take them all to Arrow from now on.

This is by far the best animal hospital in Phoenix.
They took care of my teacup chihuahua when she had a terrible ear infection; the veterinarian is a sweetheart.
She speaks in a very soft, calm voice and it's so easy to see how much she cares for and adores these animals.
Also, I found a stray Labrador a few weeks ago.
This beautiful, HUGE dog just showed up at my garage and I had no idea what to do.
I grabbed bowls of water and food and let him sit in my house for awhile.
I called Arrow Hospital, told them I found a stray and they told me to bring him in immediately.
They took such good care of him.
The lady at the front counter (I wish I could remember her name) found a microchip, but it wasn't registered within Maricopa County.
She went the extra mile and contacted several people before deciding to keep him overnight.
They found him a foster home a couple days later and they NEVER even considered contacting the Humane Society (which I am eternally grateful for that).
Before going to Arrow, I went to Petsmart and had a terrible experience.
The veterinarian was way too rough with my teacup and everything was overly priced.
I'm so glad I found this clinic.
I would give this place 10 stars if I could!

This was our first visit to this place.
We had moved to this side of town and wanted a place closer to our new home so we went there to get our 3 dogs there shots updated.
We arrived around 10 minutes prior to our appt to give them time to register them.
After I took our dogs to the room with the tech to do the history and temps he said he will be back with the Dr and the shots well 30 minutes later we were still waiting.
The Dr. finally came in and he was very nice in fact everyone was really nice.
I really just didn't like the fact of the waiting and waiting.
Come to find out from my husband he told me people who came in after we went to the room left before us.
After being at work all day then going to the vet at 6:10 then not leaving till almost 8:00 it was really annoying.

The office staff at Arrow Animal are always happy to see my loved ones.
I feel comfortable leaving Apple or Banana for the whole day, if needed.
I know they will supply the attention my dogs need throughout the day.
I have been using Arrow Animal for 2 happy years and will continue to many years to come.
Thanks Arrow Animal Hospital!

Since the previous review Jennifer contacted me from the vets office to apologize about the long wait.
I was pleasantly surprised that they took the time to check into why I waited so long and to call me and explain why.
I will more than likely be taking my dogs back here.

Great staff, quaility treatment.
I have taken my labs to them for years.
They saved my dog sam from parvo when she was a puppy and now she is 7 and thankful to arrow for saving her life.
Mackenzie my chocolate lab (the one in the photo on the homepage) saw them yesterday and she received top notch care for her arthritis.
They are very affordable compared to others around town, considering the level of expertise and care.
They are not looking to make a quick buck they are very caring and honest.
I would reccomend them to anyone who loves thier pet.

This place is absolutely amazing!
I love them!
I will never go anywhere else & I recommend them to all of my friends and family.
A couple if years ago my yorkiepoo Tank swallowed a hook, line & sinker.
It got lodged & he had to have emergency surgery to have it removed.
I was extremely upset because I didn't have the money to pay for a surgery for my animal but I was willing to do whatever it took to get it done.
My animals are a part of my family & I would go into debt up to my ears to save them.
A lot of people would take advantage of that but Arrow Animal Hospital did not.
It didn't cost nearly as much as I thought it was going to & this office was more concerned with the health of my pet then how I was going to pay.
Thank god for care credit.
:) Im very happy they take care credit here.
What a life saver.
Recently I got a new puppy.
A boxer mastiff mix.
Her name is Maddi & she received all of her vaccines & puppy care here.
They are so good with her.
Yesterday she was spayed and the doctor called this morning to see how she was doing.
I am amazed that they make the time to do this.
They are always busy but I can see why.
They go above and beyond the normal care.
They really care for your animals & are friendly & compassionate.
You won't be disappointed if you go here

This hospital is fantastic.
After 13 years with another hospital we found Arrow and they are 100% better.
Caring, professional and ethical.
I would and do recommend them highly!

There are not enough stars to fully express my love for Arrow Animal Hospital.
They have the most wonderful staff, from the office people to the Dr.s.
I live in North Scottsdale, but drive over 30 minutes to bring my dogs to Arrow.
They are the first vets I feel are as committed to my dogs as I am.
I am constantly impressed with their knowledge and the cutting edge information and procedures they provide.
Their focus is always on the quality of life for the animal.
I have elderly dogs and their survival has been in no small part to the vets at Arrow.
While all of the vets are amazing i must single out my favorites, Dr Sherroll and Dr. Rey.
They not only help my animals, but have dealt with my questions and informed me of all of my options.
Their bed side manner is second to none.
I try and bring in my rotty at the end of the night because I know she is going to slobber all over them and they would not have it any other way.
I have had both my dogs lives saved her over the years.
They are always willing to work with you financially and never do unnecessary things.
I have seen them for everything from knee reconstruction to the current maintenance of my dogs cancer.
They love and empathy of their patients both human and animal is amazing.
If only they treated humans too.

I've come here twice.
Both times the vet tried to up-sell lots of tests and prescription pills.
The first time I thought they really were recommending what is for the best- and I actually did get the Xrays that they advised, though I had them done at a different vet's office, because it was significantly less expensive.
(Those xrays didn't explain any of the problems either).
The 2nd time, when I brought a stray dog in that looked significantly underweight.
The vet said  she could feel the dogs liver... and as she began to explain the next part she hid her hands in her pockets, a classic move made by a person when not being forthcoming, and said it could be a mass, but it could also be because the dog is skinny.
She said the dog looked pretty good other than that and she'd write up a action plan for getting the dog back in good health.
She then left and sent in a tech with a itemized bill for blood work and shots over $500 worth.
I then attempted to clarify what I came in for.
I wanted to know the dogs health, if the dog appeared neglected or sick and what to do to help the dog gain the weight back.
I wanted to know roughly how old the dog was, and what I could do to help the dog get healthy.
I've never owned a dog before.
I also said, I noticed the dog seemed stiff and I could hear her joints pop when she moved sometimes, and I would like information that could answer questions like, Should I give the dog glucocamine?".
Is it an injury or just because of the age?
The tech left to speak with the vet again, and then returned and said, the vet says the dog is about 5, though we can't really confirm that.
Here is the Prescription she wrote up.
At this point, I was very aggravated.
I exclaimed that I wanted information, dietary advice.
My main concern was that the dog was underweight due to lack of food.
I want to know things like what type of food is best to help the dog recover.
I've NEVER even had a dog before, which I said when I made the appointment and stated several times throughout the appointment.
The tech looked baffled, and I told her that I was not going to return to this clinic ever again.
I went to pay and I told them that I felt swindled.
I explained that I still didn't even have answers for simple questions on what type of food is best to feed an underweight dog, and I didn't understand why their office couldn't give basic care advice and instead just kept writing up quotes for tests and drugs.
At that point the tech came to the front and said she talked to the vet and the vet wanted me to have a handout about arthritis.
I admit, I sarcastically thanked her for giving me information that I could have easily looked up myself online, and explained that now I still need to look up dietary information online and I think it's ridiculous that I should have to do that when I just paid $50 to talk to a veterinarian and have the dog examined.
I left promising to contact the Better Business Bureau.
Which I probably will do.
I'm just at a point in my life where I'm sick of not getting what I pay for.
Is anyone with me on this?
It's like I can even by an f%#^$^% sweater that won't unravel in a month because everything is made in China by 5 year olds, I buy used cars around 60,000 miles, because new cars are put together so shoddy that used cars with that kind of mileage already have new transmissions and alternators and starters...
The repairs are better quality than what you actually get when you buy the car, unless you get a mechanic that insists that you have replace a $500 part in order to fix a $200 part, when 3 other people gave you quotes that didn't include that repair- or an electrician that insists the lighting in your business needs to be replaced or the lights aren't going to turn on, but when they find out that there isn't anyway to authorize that type of repair a miracle from heaven unfolds and the lights magically work once again.
Here's the truth people.
Everyone's out to get your hard earned money, and few ever offer quality service or merchandise in return.
This veterinarian could have given me some advice like, since she's under weight you might want to feed her a puppy kibble or some wet food, or increase the portion- and also it wouldn't be a bad idea to do some blood work to see her overall general health.
I could respect that, but not offering any advice on the animal whatsoever except for the tests and drugs, seems a bit ridiculous.
And if they can't tell me anything about the health of the animal without the tests, then someone explain to me WHY ON EARTH THEY ARE ALLOWED TO PRESCRIBE DRUGS?
If you are that clueless as to the health of the animal without your $500 full work up, then how can you in confidence recommend $50 worth of prescription drugs?
The only redeeming quality that I have to mention about this place, is the techs are nice and friendly.

Still the best vet around town.
The staff is attentive and knowledgeable and they will get you in same day even for routine check ups.
I do strongly feel that due to the vicinity that they should strongly consider renaming to "Arrowhead Animal Hospital".
Works much better for me as I tend to refer to the clinic as "Arrowhead Animal Hospital" already.

We have been clients at Arrow Animal Hospital for over 25 years.
Since we currently live with several cats (mostly rescued from a feral colony) and two big dogs, we are frequent visitors at Arrow.
There are many reasons we wouldn't take our pets anywhere else.
First and foremost, all of the veterinarians are kind, gentle, extremely knowledgeable and highly skilled in all areas of animal health and wellness.
Dr. Stastny, Dr. Sherrell, Dr. Flores and Dr. Willms have personally performed life-saving procedures and emergency surgeries on our dogs and cats.
They have amazing surgical skills and use state-of-the-art equipment to provide the very best treatments.
We have also been fortunate to have Dr. Jenkins and Dr. Peyton provide gentle, compassionate, and expert care to our pets.
All of the vets we've seen have been fantastic no matter if it was for a wellness/vaccination appointment, an illness, an injury or an emergency!
They listen to what you say and always explain the options available to you to provide the best outcome possible.
If one of our cats or dogs is sick, we can always get an appointment the same day.
Should an emergency arise, we know we can call and be seen right away.
They are open seven days a week from early morning until evening.
My mother's vet clinic closes at noon on Saturday and isn't open on Sundays.
We truly appreciate their days and hours of operation.
And believe me, we've been there at ALL hours!
The phone staff is always pleasant and helpful.
The front office staff is always a pleasure to work with.
They have gone out of their way to make our pets feel special as well as to provide such great compassion to us during those heart-wrenching times we all have with our fur kids.
Some of them should get awards for being BEST HUGGERS when a hug is what is needed.
The vet techs are friendly, gentle and knowledgeable.
The office and exam rooms are always clean.
Wait times have never been a problem.
As with any medical office, there might be a wait should a medical emergency arise with another client's pet.
We know.
We've been that "other client" and we counted on the vets to rush our gravely ill or wounded pet into the back for life-saving treatment.
They have always provided the very best treatment for all of our pets.
Thankfully, we have only had to divide our bill into several payments one time.
They worked with us to figure out a payment schedule that fit our budget and were very accommodating.
We never hesitate to recommend Arrow Animal Hospital.
Sisters, parents, and many of our friends are longtime clients at Arrow.
We've never found any reason to look elsewhere.

Arrow has taken care of all of my animals since 2008.
With 8 cats and 2 dogs (one bulldog mix and the other a lab mix), I am there often.
The staff is kind, helpful and knowledgable.
I trust the veterinarians fully to help me make the best medical decisions on behalf of my animals.
They have treated my cat who is in kidney failure, taught me how to bottle feed and care for a litter of rescue kittens and I most recently trusted them to perform multiple recommended surgical procedures on my dog.
They are patient in answering my many, many questions and care about the welfare of my pets.
I have always received a courtesy phone call the following day from the attending veterinarian, which I appreciate because I understand how busy they are.
Though it is located in what some might regard as a questionable strip mall, the facility itself is always clean and comfortable and the parking in ample.
I really appreciate the people at Arrow Animal Hospital.
Time and time again, they have literally been life savers.
Also, I highly recommend pet insurance!
I don't know what I'd do without it.
Pet care is expensive and I have had incredible peace of mind knowing that I never have to forgo treatment because of finances.
Trupanion.
Check it out.

Great place!
Easy to use , long hours and staff was very caring to my dog Pumpkin.
I will definitely be back!

Office is open longer than most vets in the area.
I believe they offer payment plans.
Services are reasonably priced.
Nice staff and they even called to see how my baby was after being treated.
This will be our veternarian of choice for now on.

To only be able to give 5 stars is nuts because there are not enough stars in the sky to give the amazing people at Arrow Animal Hospital.
I wish I could say that we went on a normal visit.
We had to bring Chanz in and the prognosis was not good.
Dr Prater, whom I must add is so kind and gentle that he made my family and I very comfortable as well.
Let me start by when we arrived.
Ori and Jeff came out to help bring Chanz out of the car.
Chanz let loose a few times and not once did Ori flinch or treat him any less gentle.
We got inside and they could tell we were wrecks and were so gentle with us and their hearts showed on their sleeves.
After the initial check of Chanz, we were given options to talk about.
After much heart wrenching discussion with my 15 year old.
We had to make the tough decision to say goodbye to our family member of 11 plus years.
The doctors and staff were so kind.
Tried to make us and Chanz as comfortable as possible and no time rushed us or pressured us.
When it was time, Jeff spoke to us quietly, Dr Prater explained all, and at the end Ori came back in scooped Chanz up (I might add loving him as if he was his own) and placed him on the gurney.
Ori promised to take good care of him even though he just passed away.
I must add, if this is how they act always, then this world has a few more Angels I never met.
The next day as shock still was in effect, I had to call the office.
I spoke to Kim and she was also amazing.
Not once during the moments I had to collect my thoughts or any of my questions did she make me feel as if this was not the hardest call ever.
She was patient, kind, supportive, and for her I am also completely grateful.
Letting go is/was not an easy decision yet the most loving.
Yesterday on one of the hardest days since his passing I come home to a hand written card offering their sympathy and care for our family - I was scared to open it yet so grateful I did.
In the end, Dr. Prater, Jeff, and Ori, they made a horrible situation the best they could.
Thank you Arrow Animal Hospital for helping my 15 year old daughter, myself, and the only Dog/Brother she has had make his way to the next stage.
I am forever grateful for your care.

I am in total agreement with the previous poster completely; there aren't enough stars in the universe to rate Arrow Animal Hospital.
I made the heartbreaking decision to have my Reba, my eight year old calico, put down earlier this afternoon.
When I walked in there I wasn't anticipating that was a decision I was going to have to make but my Little Lady was so terribly sick.
We saw Dr. Beis and she was nothing short of amazing.
She gave me all the time I needed to say goodbye to my beloved cat and reassured me that I had made the right decision.
Her and the vet technician handled my girl with compassion and were sympathetic to what I was going through and even asked if I would like an impression of her paw at no charge.
They went over aftercare options with me as well.
I chose to have my Reba cremated and returned to me and the process was easy and painless given the circumstances.
I was also able to pay for the visit in the exam room so I wouldn't have to stop at the front desk on the way out.
A huge thanks to Dr. Beis, Dr. Williams and the entire staff at Arrow Animal Hospital.
I know my sweet girl went peacefully.
She isn't suffering anymore.
I should also add, I had her in a week and a half prior and she was seen by Dr. Williams.
He, too, was nothing short of amazing.
He ran blood work which came back mostly unremarkable but showed her white blood cell count was high.
He prescribed an antibiotic and a steroid hoping that perhaps it was just an infection.
She didn't respond to the medication and that's what led up to present day.
I have three more cats at home.
I pray that when their time comes they'll slip away peacefully at home, but if not I will take them to Arrow Animal Hospital because I know they will be treated with just as much dignity as though they were still alive.

They are wonderful!
Always friendly and can make appointments the same day.
So glad I chose them!

My kitty was in desperate need of  a urinary obstruction procedure on Fourth of July weekend.
After visiting the ER vet hospital in Mesa and calling around the valley from the East Valley to Phoenix, even my own vet...No one would do the procedure without the FULL amount due which was nearly $1,000.
I was devastated when they were  telling me to have him put to sleep.
He was and always had been a very healthy cat and this condition came out of nowhere Thursday July 3rd and by the next day he was immobile, not eating or drinking, and very lethargic.
I knew  I didn't have much time.
A family member found Arrow Animal Hospital online.
I did some research, read reviews and came in the same day.
Even without an appointment, they got my kitty in ASAP and even started the procedure while I was still filling out paper work.
They really care about the animals there!
From the front office staff, to the amazing Doctors!
Payment options are available and care credit is accepted!
All of the staff and doctors were very sympathetic and informative and took very good care of my kitty.
They literally saved his life.
I am so glad I found this clinic and recommend this facility to every pet owner.
They even still call to see how he is doing.
This place is truly a gem!

My little mini dachshund Wendy unfortunately suffered a foot injury earlier this week.
After some research I found Arrow Animal Hospital to be one of the only animal hospitals that takes monthly payments instead of requiring the whole payment up front.
I took my little Wendy in to get her foot checked out and after an X-Ray it was discovered that her foot was broken in 4 spots.
Dr. Breeann Flores was so warm and caring toward my poor little dog and Emily was so kind and patient with all my questions - and I had a lot of them.
They gave me 3 options to help my Wendy heal.
The first two options were surgery or casting, at a cost of $1200 or $800.
Unfortunately, even with a payment plan these were not options that I could afford.
My 3rd option was to keep my little Wendy in a kennel at home for most of the day and keep her off her foot until she's healed up.
They provided me with plenty of advice and pain medication and ani-inflammatories for Wendy.
I really appreciated that even though I wasn't able to pay for an expensive procedure, they still reassured me that they were there to help Wendy heal and provide her with the pain killers she needs in order to be comfortable.
They even let me keep Wendy there for a while so I could run to Walmart and get her a cage and a bed and some other comforts before I took her home to do her time :(   If I could give more than 5 stars I would.
A big thank you to Dr. Flores and Emily for softening an upsetting situation.

