Have you checked out the Chipotle website?
How cool!
How about their decor?
I want to hire their designer for my future kitchen!
Now I remember why I loved Chipotle so much in college.
This is such a great spot when you are looking for really simple, fresh 'Mexican' food.
5 stars for free food for teachers!
THANK YOU CHIPOTLE!!
This location did an amazing job with crowd control on teacher appreciation day.
Thanks to the manager for his great attitude and crowd control as we teachers lined up in hordes for our free tacos.
I had a chicken salad with all kinds of deliciousness on top and was very happy with my choices!
This is such a great location in relation to my place and I will for sure be back!!

Chipotle is not particularly the most authentic Mexican place around...but with excellent meat, a nice staff, low prices and convenient location I somehow find myself enjoying one or two meals there per week.

This was the location where I fell inlove with Chipotle.
This is the most authentic Mexican chained fast food restaurant I've been to.
I've tried almost everything on their menu and its very tasty for such low price.
They also offer quesdillas which is not on the menu which is pretty good.
Their homemade gucamole seals the deal.
its d-e licious!
its good with the burrito, taco, burrito bowl, or as a dip for the chips!
IM SO GLAD they have recently opened locations near san francisco!

I'm sort of torn between 3 and 4.
Yes, it is a really great tasting burrito and the ingredients are much better to start with  But it is also one of the more expensive fast food burritos.
I've probably been to this location at least a dozen times and all but twice I pretty much get the same thing.
Today the weather was beautiful and my haircut across the street was finished early so I sat on the patio for lunch.

Best fast food in this area of T-bird and 59th Ave.
I don't know why Del-Taco even bothers to be there on the same corner.
Chipotle is relaibly good quality food, especially the bean or veggie burritos.
However I don't like that they upcharge for the chips/salsa so much, because I'm spending nearly $8 for a simple burrito, coke, chips/salsa lunch.
This location could do a better job at keeping the dining area clean.

One time I walked into this exact chipotle with my gf who was on crutches at the time the manager turned her frown upside down by saying crutches are no fun your burritos free I was happy but at the same time a little skeptical of whether or not the manager really cared for the way my gfs day was going or if he was just flirting but about 2 months later I walked in there to grab lunch by myself and the same guy said just you today I replied and said yep and he said well smile lunch is on me today lol just a cool guy I guess

I feel so stupid.
Yeah I know everybody always likes Chipotle..but I just didn't get it.
Maybe I was sick the one time I ate there  or I was on a diet or something .
Cuz now I freaking love it!
I was starving after moving a ton of stuff from my classroom and realized it was right near my new work.
Sent grandma and daughter to get some food and bring me back a burrito.
Holy Frijoles !
That burrito was good.
I will so be back.

I love this chipotle.
Very generous on meat unlike metro location!
Not to be rude but, everyone speaks good English too.
I get very upset trying to explain how I want my burrito at the metro location and its never right and they don't understand.
Always fast.
I always have the same lady when I pick up.
She always writes my husbands and is name on the bag with hearts.
She's very kind.
I love this location.

Its a great place.. Just walking distance form the thunderbird business school .
The good thing is- lot of meat at good price.
The service is also very awesome.
The attendants were very helpful and are present to suggest and guide you.

Burrito Bowl..  Mmmmm...
I discovered burrito bowls after always feeling like a bloated whale eating their whole burrito's.
I'm far from complaining because they were so damn good.
But I like to enjoy life after eating Mexican food.
This location is always busy, but they seem to keep the line moving very quickly.
Also sometimes it's nice cause I'll add an extra item and occasionally they wont charge me..
(thx!).
The people are nice and always smile.
That's pretty important.
Even if you're having a  bad day it's nice to smile because we definitely return the favor.
(mainly speaking of the girl at the register and the a couple of their line people).
I love this place and usually frequent it at least once a week.
Good food and good people!

this place is dirty and the food sucks

My favorite 'fast food' joint!
Everyone here is friendly and if you're buying two orders, they'll let you split the $1.80 guacamole onto both, which is fine by me since it's such a big glob of guacamole!
Everything's always fresh and delicious!

Great fast food joint.
Fresh taste filling size.
It's hard to beat when you want something fast.
I'm actually going to go back right now.

LOVE, LOVE this place.
Food is always sooo yummy and the staff is great!

Love Chipotle!
Ingredients are fresh, simple and affordable.
They are fast, and friendly.

This is my favorite Chipotle to go to because it's the closest one to my work.
I call in orders all the time and the staff always has it ready to go.
Even when I don't have a pick up order they always move quickly to get everyone through the line, which is great because when I'm hungry I want everyone out of my way!

Great staff, consistent, quality, close to starbucks and next door to nothing bundt cakes.
So you can splurge on lunch, get desert,  and finsh off with a nice drinky poo.

Very slow service.
This location used to be great but the last few times I've gone the service has been very slow.
The line can be all the way to the door and you will see one or two employees working the line and the rest are wondering around the kitchen.

I came into this Chipotle late last night not knowing it was teacher appreciation night (buy one get one free for all education employees).
I weathered the long line because I happen to work in education and I was exceptionally hungry.
The staff seemed understandably overwhelmed, but remained pleasant even with a line out the door after 9:00 PM.
I've come in at other times as well and have yet to have a bad experience.
Great staff, great service!

I got food poisoning last night from eating at this location.
Been up all night sick.
A friend of mine got sick from eating at the downtown  at the location.
Something is up with those grills.
Sorry, but I feel I need to post for the safety of others.
Needles to say I won't be going back.
Such a shame.
I loved that place.
Careful.

This is our families favorite for a great lunch or dinner.
We love the ability to make any combinations or burritos or bowls in any combination of hot to mild sauces.
The Carnitas and Carne are superb.
Very affordable and quite filling.

I've been going here on and off for two years now...the service has really gone downhill the last couple times I have been in.
As has already been mentioned, they often have one person working the line, one cashier(who can only cashier and nothing else) and usually have at least one or two employees "supervising"...meanwhile the person on the line is backed up and apologizing to everyone waiting in line.
This backup most likely leads to the mistakes that have occurred, like not giving salad dressing with salad the last two times I picked up there...just disappointed in general

I have eaten at a number of chipotles and this is by far the slowest and most poorly trained personnel I have ran into.
No sense of urgency with a line going out the door.
Burrito makers out a little of some things a lot of other things.
A franchise works because you can expect the same service and product from each place.
Not the case here.

Omg.
Busy?
Fuck yes.
Awesome food that's very delicious?
Oh fuck yes.
People need to shut the fuck up about how busy this place is.
Be patient and get some good ass bowl and go home.
Extra guacamole?
Yes please, and I use their app and it is seriously awesome!
Just order ahead and pick up.
Can it be more amazing?

The ambience is fantastic!
Great music playing in the background, happy smiling employees waiting to build a great burrito, bowl, salad, or tacos.
My favorite is a chicken bowl with white rice, pinto beans, fajita veggies, and corn salsa with a side of guacamole.
The rice is perfectly cooked and the chicken is simply amazing!
Great char and flavor.
Their busiest times are from 12-1 and from 6-7, but they serve about 3 customers every minute so the wait is not that long at all.
Worth the wait!

