Located NE corner of Thunderbird & 59th avenue, attached to the Starbucks.
Einsteins is fairly consistent for a good variety of bagel & bagel sandwiches, and as they say... "darn good coffee".
Fresh squeezed orange juice is good as well, and I don't mind the hefty price tag now that everyone is charging $3 for OJ even if it's from concentrate.
Prices aren't bad but the lines can be long during the morning, especially on weekends.

I love this location because it's right on my way to work...
I had a breakfast sandwich here once that I wasn't too fond of  so now I just get the regular bagels - the spinach florentine is my fave.
The lines can get kind of long here in the morning, but the staff so far has done a good job not making everyone wait too long.
Nothing worse than having employees who don't give a rat's ass, so I'm glad it's not the case here.
In fact, everyone has been really nice here always saying good morning and smiling...at least every time I've been here.

Hot bagel, shmatbagel, Their plain bagels have nothing on these.
Asiago cheese is my fav but all are so nice and chewy and this is from someone who makes their own bagels for fun and lived in NYC for a bit.
Their honey almond cream cheese inspired many "at home mixes" to replicate.
Nothing can match the delicious whipped goodness.
Also a fan of the strawberry, blueberry, well pretty much all the cream cheeses and bagels.
If they weren't so delicious I would be a little more embarrased I ate 2 and 1/2 at a volunteer brunch yestaurday!

Einstein's is ok.
The food is kinda bland... Not much you can do with an unseasoned, microwaved egg thrown on a bagel served scalding hot.
Their coffee and bagels are excellent.
Don't get hooked on a specific bagel for too long or it tends to disappear (Onion and Pretzel).
I always go to this location on the weekends--It's always busy.
When it gets busy, the staff responses tend to be terse and they seem grouchy.

I've been a big fan of Einsteins for a long time.
This is my first time at this location.
I always order a peanut butter schmear bagel, twice toasted.
Usually the places never understand what that means, and it's never right.
They got it right.
I ordered my bagal and literally watched her toast my bagel twice.
Mind you, she had about 10 other orders going on, but I saw her do it.
I was a happy camper.
That alone made this trip worth the 4 stars.
Why not 5?
Because holy crap, this place is busy on a weekend morning.
From walking in til I got my bagal, it was a good 15minutes.
Good thing the food is good.
if I could recommend one thing to them.
Please empty your trash cans outside.
People couldn't throw anything away because they were overflowing...

Einstein's served stale bread on my tuna sandwich today!
Twice!
When I told the server the bread on my tuna sandwich was stale she said that's because you didn't have it toasted.
Huh?
So it was my fault?
She offered to microwave some new slices.
Same deal, bread was still too stale to bite through the crust.
I left a lot on my plate.
Store was too busy for me to wait to talk/argue with someone again.
They just would not acknowledge their stale bread.
Bad customer service - I will not go back to this Einstein's.

I hit Einstein's on my way back to Jenni's.
I couldn't resist their deal- a dozen bagels with two tubs of cream cheese.
There were a lot of people at her house anyways.
We were all getting ready for Jenni's wedding.
I hadn't had their bagels in a very long time and was looking forward to it.
In between pictures I ripped up my bagel, smothered it with cream cheese, and stuffed it into my mouth.
It was soft, fresh, and creamy.
Oh, how I missed you Einstein.

It's bagels, can't really mess them up.
The sandwiches are pretty good as well, what I do not like about this location is the terrible customer service!
The staff is very rude and impatient, I know that it gets crazy busy in there but take a breath and handle your customers in the correct manner!!!
This one is less than 5 minutes from my home, but I'll use that gas to go to a location with better staff.

For the second time in about a week I slept in and needed to find something to eat on the way.
Last time I got a donut and a bagel someplace else and was disappointed in the bagel.
I had not been in this Einsteins in over 10 years.
Not much has changed, a few more menu items.
I got an onion bagel with salmon schmear.
Much better!
These may not be the best bagels in the valley but are as good as it gets for this neighborhood.

This is a great place to get bagels or breakfast sandwiches or even regular sandwiches.
The bagels are fresh and tasty.
We love walking here on a Saturday morning and sitting outside.
Its nice to have a restaurant that you can walk too even though its a little far.
I really love to get the dozen bagels with schmear to bring to events.
I love how the bagel box has a place to carry the schmear.
Its cute and clever.
I love their pumpkin bagel in the fall.
When I was pregnant, all I wanted was pumpkin and this with their honey nut cream cheese was divine!
Oh I wish it was fall.

Service is quick, not much to complain about.
However, the wifi is weak, so if you're a student, look elsewhere!

I was in this place this morning and had to write a review despite not going very often because I was so pleased with my experience.
I only go about every 6 months because its next to my dentists office so therefor its reasonable they have new management or staff every few times.
This time i'm pretty sure the entire staff was new, it was very busy for breakfast but quickly died down because they had a really nice system going where they were able to take orders and prepare them in a timely fashion.
However I was especially pleased with the graciousness of all the employees, every one I encountered from the man who took my order to the lady who prepared my food and the man who rang me out was very friendly.
All of them asked how I was doing and wished me a Happy Thanksgiving.
Its that small amount of human interaction with genuine people that make for a great establishment.
Lastly as always my food was great, the bagels never disappoint.

Bagels and coffee, it's my thing!
But good service is super important to me and when I get exceptional service I frankly want to tell everyone I know!
Einstein's of course has decent bagels, breakfast sandwiches etc...
This particular location is even adjacent to a Starbucks (like I said, coffee and bagels.... it's my thing)!
But what really has me stoked is the service here, Manager Tom really made my day with his dashing personality!
It's always nice when employees actually seem like they don't mind working or gasp!
even possibly enjoy their job!
So thanks Tom for making my Einstein Bros Bagel trip a memorable experience!

I walked in this morning and the manager greeted me with a "Goooooood morning!
" Very cheery to be there.
Everyone was very friendly.
Also, I was barefoot, so it seems to be barefoot friendly :)

The service was friendly, helpful, and the food and drinks were perfect.
Cathy was extremely helpful with menu navigation.
I will definitely visit again soon:]

Always love Einstein's for a place to crash for a bit when I need AC and wi-fi.
The drinks and bagels are yummy.
This was fairly busy on a Sunday morning but service was fast and friendly and everything tasted good.

My few experiences at this company's bagel place has been bad, the only reason I like it is because their breakfast choices.
I highly recommend Brueggers Bagels, love the Rio Grande Turkey sausage wrap.
I had salmon bagel and it was a little soggy.

