I love this store because of all the awesome things I get here.
I found natural and crazy colored hair here to make synthetic dreads, I bought wigs here for only $30 (one of the best prices in town for natural looking wigs!
) and I have received some great advice from the owner on the options I have regarding coloring my own hair.
Very knowledgeable, very friendly and very affordable.
There is even a beauticians station in the back, so call if you need to get your hair done.
Oh yeah, and you don't need a beautician's license to purchase here... but if you do have one, you'll be getting a discount!

I am a licensed Cosmetologist and I came here tonight to buy a blow dryer.
This was a bad decision!
I bought the Ceramix Xtreme Babyliss Pro blow dryer.
I just got home and I opened the box to check out my cool new blow dryer and it's definitely not new!
It's all scratched up with I don't know what all over it and there's paint missing on the blue button.
Whatever the yucky stuff is, is also all over the cord.
TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED.
I am definitely going back tomorrow to hopefully get my money back.
I uploaded pictures of the blow dryer.

Waaaa... stop your complaining and take the dryer back, why would you give them a bad review before you found out if they would take the dryer back.
Suppose you want the employees to open every single box they get in the store to make sure every thing is in tip top shape.
You are out of line!!!
This store is so awesome, they are always very friendly and helpful and have so many brands to choose from.

I am only giving this place 2 stars because there is only one employee that is a professional and she is the ONLY reason why I go there, other than that this place feels like the scene on Menace II Society when the Asian woman follows the guy throughout the store.
07/06/13 at 0930 I went there to buy some hair extensions.
The owner was also coming in the shop.
I greeted her and she rolled her eyes at me .
( strike 1!
)  As soon as I went to the back to grab the hair I wanted this young brunette w/ glasses asked me if I needed anything.
I told her I was deciding on what color extensions I wanted.
And when I tell you she was hovering over me, she was so close that I could smell her breath.
Then while I'm going to the next aisle to find  a shampoo....she's literally FOLLOWING ME!
( strike 2)  07/08/13 1600 hours I realized I needed 1 more pack of extensions.
Just go in , buy, & leave!
As soon as I walked in I was greeted by a distant voice.
As soon as I walk to the back I hear foot steps moving fast in the other aisle .
TA-DAA!
The brunette is there  FOLLOWING ME as usual.
Its really pathetic because she followed me the whole time.
Should I use the race card?
No but this place is bad business and over priced.
Buy online and save your self from tempting to elbow a worker because she is treating you like a thief.
(Strike 3!
I'm out!

Lashes for days.
And 3 bucks a pair.
I use the cherry lashes or whatever kind they sell there and use them for my freelance makeup work.
There are even some great MAC dupes.
I'm determined to find somewhere even cheaper and I'm sure that place resides far into the hood.

