This place has pretty awesome food.
Sadly, they lose a star because they keep increasing prices and the food isn't getting all that much better or changing.
The same people have owned it for a really long time though which is nice because the food and service are consistent.
They have a great lunch deal.

Great slices and reasonable prices.
Good cheese on this pizza, and the crust is medium thin with a french bread like crispness at the end and slightly chewy in the middle.
At lunch for around $5 you can do two slices and a soda.
Nice core group of regulars that come here and it has a good ole boy feel to it.
They always make me feel welcome and the slices are reliably good.

I walked over to Ray's when visiting nearby Thunderbird University and ended up telling everyone else at the school to walk over there for lunch!
I ordered two slices of beef & black olives, and kicked back in one of the old-school diner booths to watch the game until my food was ready.
Cozy atmosphere, quiet but not too small, with a few small TVs mounted around the place with sports on.
I got two slices & water for about $6.
I got my pizza and was pleasantly surprised.
The slices were large (think bigger than delivery pizza but not too big to hold one handed with a slight bend in the slice).
The beef was not ground beef as I expected, but slices of beef.
The taste was awesome; the beef was more like gyro beef, which lent a great flavor to the pizza.
The crust & bread was thin but soft with a slight crisp at the end.
Perfect.
If I had more time, I would have gotten a whole pizza and walked it back.
Definitely a great place to eat if you are in the Glendale area!

Great pizza, great atmosphere, nice people, and always an NBA game on.
This is no nonsense NY style Pizza.
You either like it, or you don't.
If you don't, I don't like you.

A group of students walked over here after class and we split 3 pizzas, spending less than $5 each for about 3 slices each I think.
I just needed to update that I am not a fan of most veggie pizzas, but the veggie pizza here was so great & filling, I actually didn't miss the meat!
The mushrooms & tomatoes were great...actually, now that I think about it, the lack of green veggies but the variety of others was what made this pizza so awesome.
As always, the staff rocks.

6 words..
Burn your face, Shit your pants.
If you like overly greasy pizza that falls apart with cheese slapping you in the chin while trying to take a bite, then having an immediate stomach ache afterward, this is your place.
Rays has been around for a while, but I remember it being a lot better when I was in High School.. Perhaps it was an off day, but It just, wasn't good.
And the girl at the counter could not have been hating life more.
next.

What makes Ray's special is that it is nothing special.
Just a great neighborhood pizza place serving yummy inexpensive food to a crowd that can't get enough.
This is the type of soulful family run restaurant that always makes me happy.

Another great lunch at Ray's - 2 slices with drink for $4.00.
Crust was just right with golden brown edges, nice crisp on the bottom, moist & chewy in the middle, and topped with a tangy tomato and milky mozzarella cheese.
Crust has a lot of residual flour on the bottom, which is perfect for me (and preferable to cornmeal).
Staff are always friendly and the atomosphere has a NY-tribute theme going.
An older crowd was enjoying their slices at lunch today, which is perfectly fine with me.

Always passed this place and finally got around to trying it.
Got the white pizza with spinach and it definitely appeased my pizza appetite.
Slices are huge and it was made fresh.
Walked in with some friends late one night to order for take out, the guys were cool and had our pizza out in no time.
Especially recommended for drunk food.

Been here a couple of times and always enjoyed the pizza here.
Thin NY style crust the way I like it, good sauce and toppings, very informal and relaxed atmosphere.
Can't really say anything against it, other than that it's too close to my gym!

The classic "sticks in your gut", "makes you want to take an afternoon nap", guilt inducing pizza that everyone should indulge in every now and again.
Also, great value.

I have been going here as long as I can remember all the way back when I was in high school and the place has not changed.
The pizza is the best in Glendale!
Although I have not had anything else from here it is still the best place to gran a bite to eat.
They serve pizza by the slice or a whole pie if you want the portions are big not like some other pizza places kids will have to cut 1 slice in half just to be able to pick it up, the price is comparable to the hut about 19$ for a large, but I mean large!

Not bad pie but probably not up to NewYorker expectations...
Ordered two slices and 20 wings (hot).
One slice with mushrooms, one pepperoni.
This Ray's uses canned mushrooms, which is ok, and they loaded it up for us, and the pepperoni was classic NYC style, thin crust with lots of grease.
I'm giving them 4 stars but subtracting 1 star for the wings.
Sorry guys.
Buffalo wings NEED bleu cheese dressing and a couple sticks of celery... there is no other way.
Do some research, ranch dressing doesn't cut it.
period.
The sauce was fine, but they needed to be a tad bit more on the 'crispy' side when cooking, other than that, they were good / ok. Would I go back?
yea maybe, though there are so many more places to try...
I not sure if I ever get back over on that side of town, but thank you guys... you have a good operation... clean & friendly, As a consolation they treated me to a refill on my soda.
Thank you.
Hope you could make these small changes for your future customers ;)

I'm only sad that I didn't know Ray's was even here until a few ago!!!
This is as good as it gets if you are a pizza purist like me.
All you need is a regular slice, just cheese.
Yum...........

Despite the droopy interior, the big slices of pizza are legit.
The owner is super nice and incredibly cute so I will definitely be back not just for pizza

Rays pizzeria is my local pizza joint i hit.
It is one of my favorite pizzeria's usually get Sicilian style same prices as a regular slice of pizza but i get toppings of sausage's $.50).
There sausage is sliced thinner than a pepperoni not those rabbit turds.
They have lunch special of 2 slices of cheese and drink for just around $5,lunch offer times are m-f from 12-3.
The employees are great and put customer service e first for buiz.
The bathroom is always clean as well the dining area.
CHECK EM OUT ITS REAL NEW YORK PIZZA STYLE.
SUPPORT THE LOCAL BUSINESSES.

Pretty good place!
But the only thing that bothered me was the pepperoni pizza...had a little bit to much cheese on it!
I also had 20 wings on the side!
Wings was pretty good but didn't have that much hot sauce on it!
But thats okay...I'll let it pass.
But overall pretty good place I'll say!

I've been going to Ray's for years.
As an ex-New Yorker it was a treat to find such a good NY Pizzeria in Glendale.
I visit a couple of times a year and the quality of the pizza has remained consistent for several decades.
Compared to prices in the Bay Area and elsewhere in California, maybe even New York, the price for a large pie is very cheap ($12 or 13).

Turned out to be a great place for meeting up with all the running ladies I train with.
Accommodating, a little dingy, friendly staff, reasonably priced, and a pretty delicious slice of pie.

I am something none of the other review aren't.
An actual New Yorker.
To me there are about 4 different kinds of Pizza, the kind you can get La Piazza el Forno which is the top of the top, New York Pizzeria Pizza which is primarily what I ate in NY.
Pizza that tries to be ny pizzeria pizza and the crap that doesn't even bother, your pizza hut, pappa johns all that.
This isn't the best pizzeria pizza but it's good enough.
The closest I can compare it to is NY Pizza Department which is in the same league but just different enough they put too much cheese on the pizza here but that's something I know for next time, The pizza is scolding hot when it comes out of the oven the way it's supposed to.
Its nice that Ray's is around the corner and happens to be pretty damn good.

Rays is the stuff.
Love the crust!
Pizza by the slice yippie!

We liked the pizza, and its close to the house, but it would be so much better with fresh veggies!!!!

Well, it wasn't bad but it wasn't good either.
When I pay $2.10 for a slice of pizza, I'm expecting an interesting challenge for my taste buds.
But I didn't get that.
It was very plain.
Granted they made it fresh, but i suspect they used cheap ingredients.
When I got there, I noticed the dim lighting.
I also noticed the lack of greeting even though there were 2 people behind the counter both of whom saw me when I came in.
They have a flat screen which was showing basketball so I guess that's a plus.
I scanned the unorganized menu and discovered that they sell beer and full glasses of wine, which was cool.
I didn't get the wine but if i ever go back there, ill definitely try it out.
So behind the counter, there were a couple of precooked pizzas one mushroom and one pepperoni.
I asked the cashier if I could have a slice of each.
She said 5 minutes.
15 minutes later I got my pizza.
Although I was a little bit annoyed, I was impressed that they chose to make me a couple of fresh ones instead of the precooked slices.
So as you could imagine i was excited to taste fresh pizza.
The slices were pretty big actually.
And smelled pretty good too.
The taste however wasn't special.
The peperoni slice was a little more greasy than normal.
I got a sensation that the cheese was not all the way melted when I bit into it.
You know when you take a bite of pizza that is well cooked and when you take a bite, a stran of melted cheese stretches between your mouth and the slice?
Yeah, I didn't get that.
Instead i bit it and it easily came apart.
I noticed the same thing with the peperoni.
I personally like my pepperoni to be slightly crunchy.
This pepperoni was not.
The sauce had very little flavor.
But it did have a good texture.
And last but not least, the crust was actually good.
It was flaky and crumbled nicely in my mouth.
And despite the higher amount of grease, the crust remained dry.
The mushroom pizza was the same except the mushrooms again, had very little flavor.
Overall it wasn't a bad pizza.
It was New York style but most New York style pizza has a lot of flavor in it.
These didn't Also the environment and customer service was sub-par.
But, I would go back just for some wine.
Also I want to try the wings.
You never know when you discover a hidden wing gem.

Absolutely addicted!
We have now began making this our weekly lunch stop (sometimes 3/4 times a week shh) I always get a calzone.
I had the pizza and salad the first time and really enjoyed it!
But the calzone is my love I get the plain calzone cheese, sauce, and I add only one ingredient PINEAPPLE!
LOVE LOVE LOVE!
Everytime we walked in i pick up and menu set it down and get my regular.
Pretty bad when the gal at the counter knows my order :) We have yet to be let down by this place!
Our whole work is addicted, I cant wait til we move closer, but my pants im sure can wait!

This place rocks.
I love my NY style pizza and these guys get it done right over here.
There's a reason why this place has outlasted all the other shops that were once on this corner and it's because of good pizza and prices.
They also have a good lunch special so check them out sometime.

This location has good pizza and good wings.
You definitely can't go wrong here if you're looking for the above and a few domestic pitchers.
A decent place with very good service.
For my taste, the Happy Valley location does it a little better but I know others the would disagree.
Check it out for yourself and "You make the call".

Being from the Chicagoland area I find it hard to find really good pizza in Arizona, but Ray's is an outstanding exception.
Ray's serves great New York style pizza!
That is enough for me, although my fiance also loves their wings, fried zucchini and fried mushrooms, so every time we go we always end up with tons of leftovers.
The price can be a little expensive, but we find it to be worth it as the food is just so good!

Not bad, a little oily.
Not sure that I like it.
Might have to try it again.

So my family and i where looking to eat some good pizza.
We found Rays on Google and we decided to eat there.
I must say that it is not what i expected.
When we got there we where greeted by a cute young lady and a young man with a New York accent.
The whole atmosphere was something i would expect if i was eating in New York.
It was awesome and we loved it.
Now half of my family is Sicilian and i love their food.
The young man behind the counter suggested the monster pizza Sicilian style.
We ended up getting the pizza and hot wings with our dinner.
The bread on the pizza was nice and fluffy and it didn't overwelm you like some other deep dish pizzas.
It reminded my a lot of my cousin Trevors pizza.
The sauce was not to sweet and they didn't put a lot of it on the pizza.
I recommend this pizza joint to anyone who wants a true New York Style Pizza.
I will be back to try their  Calzones.

Had the special 2 slices and med drink under $5.
Great deal great pizza !

Ray's does a pretty good job of reminding me of the slices I would get in NYC.
Prices are right and the place offers plenty of space to sit as well as to go orders.
I have enjoyed their eggplant parm and the house salads are not bad.
The pie crust could use a little less dough and more of a crunch, but I can look the other way with the convenience factor being that it is located right across the street from Thunderbird.

An attempt at a NY slice.
I have eaten here a few times and all in all a three star attempt.
Not a bad attempt but still not NY.
Why is it so hard to make a good NY pizza here?
Everyone uses bottled and/or shipped water anyway.
This issue continues to allude me.
The staff was great--- 4 stars for that.

This place is great!
The pizza is cheesy and saucy.
The wings are great, the sauce is just the right amount of heat but I wish they put more of it on.
The cheesecake is great and the canolis too!.
They charge for extra ranch and the discount on the site does not apply to the Glendale location which sucks.
The staff is nice.

love this, its little more $$$ but well worth it :)

Rays pizza....what can I say other than AMAZING pizza!
Everything about rays is delicious.
I have tried almost everything on the menu and I have always left satisfied!
You couldn't ask for a better pizzeria!
Staff is extremely friendly!
If you are looking to satisfy your taste buds then make sure you stop in at Rays.
This is a new favorite spot for me!

Really good pizza.
Just shy of being 5 stars.
The service was great- people were very friendly.
Place was clean.

Awesome as usual!
We have moved a couple times over the last 10 years, and just recently moved near this Ray's location.
All the other Ray's we were near rocked- and this one is no different.
The cheese tastes better than anyone else's and the sauce is laid perfect- not too much but not too little.
Glad we found one close again!

Great pizza!
New York style with lots of flavor and the dough is higher quality than your standard pizza place.
I used to eat here a lot when I was a teenager after hockey games and recently went back as an adult and it's just as good!

I'm a born New Yorker & I approve!!!
Great taste, great service.
I will come back again!!!!!!!
Thanks guys

I had a manicotti plate w/ an Italian salad and toast to top it off- it was a truly delightful meal... Definitely well worth the drive.. Food is delicious, like always- must run in the family.
Not only that, the staff was very accommodating and  helpful.
Would recommend 100%.

BEST PIZZA EVER  every time we try somewhere other then rays we regret it their pizza is the best in the area the only thing we would change is the hot sauce on the wings the flavor is great but the hottest they have tastes like a mild sauce other then that  RAYS IS OUR FAVORITE PIZZA

This is NOT authentic NY pizza for a few reasons:  1.
The cheese is too thick 2.
The crust is too thick 3.
The taste is rather bland  Real NY pizza has that certain something that's in the crust that really makes it memorable and the cheese is not lopped on there.
I will say however I liked the cheese to sauce ratio.
A lot of mediocre places don't due enough sauce but this place did better than average.
About the name:  the pizza box says "Famous Rays".
I guess they are trying to emulate all of the Rays, Famous Rays, Famous Original Rays etc in NYC.
Lame.
I should have known better.
Next time I come back to Glendale (here for Spring Training) I'll stick with Mexican.

I have been a Ray's Pizza fan for at least 20 years!
The service is great, the Peroni's are refreshing and the pizza is the closest to New York style one can get in the valley.
I am a fan of the Chicken Alfredo pizza...add jalapeños!

Great pizza, fair prices, nice friendly people!
What more can you ask for?
Thank you Ray's for all that you do!

Who doesn't love Rays pizza?
I remember back in the day every Friday it was a family tradition that we order the deep dish pizza from here.
The guys that worked there 10 years ago still work here now.
They're genuine and never a disappointment.
Their pizza always tastes wonderful and is so fresh always!

Good Pizza.
Although the cheese is so so but the bread and tomato sauce are amazing.
I love the way Ray make the bread for their pizza.
Strongly recommend.

Started getting pizza here after moving to the area and sometimes it was good, other times, I felt that the pizza had way too much cheese and was too salty.
Recently, we ordered more items including, pizza, chicken parm sandwich, cold roast beef sandwich, and mozz sticks.
The pizza was cold, not cooked enough, very heavy, too much cheese.
The chicken parm barely had any chicken on it, chicken tasted frozen, def not fresh, bread was so soggy, too much sauce.
The sauce is horrible.
It didn't taste fresh at all, was very dark red, salty, either cooked way too long, or had too many spices in it.
The roast beef sub was gross, roast beef was gray and rubbery, not good quality meat, asked for extra oil and vinegar, and sandwich was drenched in olive oil.
The mozz sticks were not fresh at all and as hard as a rock.
Will NEVER give them my business again.
Total waste of money and nothing at all like NY style pizza or food.
(59th Ave location)

