This is my favorite gym in the valley.
I've been a member here for like ever.
Thier classes are the best.
Cycle at 5:45am is the best.
The kickboxking used to be the best but that one guy left and now I never go to kickboxing anymore.
The equipment upstairs is great.
I personally like the older version of elipicals seemingly meant for taller people.
The pool at this location is also good because its away from most of the gym.
I've never gotten weird perverted looks at this gym.
I like how they remodeled the locker rooms.
The sauna is great.
My favorite gym :)

I would like to ask ALL LA Fitness members male or female if they are interested in having a VOLLEYBALL LEAGUE added to any and AL LA Fitness locations to please ask their corporate offices to consider.
I am DEFINATELY interested and can find NO VBall leagues in LA fitnesses ANYWHERE!!!!
Thanks.

I won't make this long or judge the people there because there are of course "those people".
Overall a pretty decent LA Fitness.
Has racquetball, which all don't, pool, basketball etc.
Pretty good selection of free weights and machines.
Taking from other reviews they have remodeled and it shows.
Is pretty new and have two people for about $45 a month.
Pretty good value especially coming from Chicago.
I'll take it and suggest.
Another benefit is selection on locations.

4 months I've been going religiously to this gym.
I guess they have gone through a major remodel (before my time ;) so everything is quite new and properly functioning.
If you can go to the gym BEFORE work- do it.
You'll have your choice as to what/ which machine you'd like to use.
PLUS you can even snag a bench in the free-weight area to tone your biceps :).
There's also a pool, basketball court, and racquetball rooms.
Don't think about playing R-ball on Tuesday /Thursday evenings for Saturday morning unless you have a prior reservation or are in a league.
I highly suggest making a reservation whenever you are thinking about playing a game of racquetball.
Beware, the pool is NOT available during water aerobic hours.
Check the calendar before you show up at the gym with only on a bathing suit and no lines to swim in (This may or may not have happened to me :).
Wish list: Women's weights (there are NO 8 or 12 lbs weights), personal trainers that simply guide people machine to machine versus providing a unique/ dynamic work out, and treadmills that had headphone attachments versus having to bring a device that has RADIO?

They are really slow to repair and/or replace broken equitpment, and literally just stuck a cardboard box in front of one of the broken machines for over a month.
A lot of the equiptment needs to be replaced, but they seem unwilling to make changes to improve the customer experience.

I like this gym a lot.
It gets crowded 4pm-6pm, so avoid coming then if at all possible.
It's bright, which sounds stupid, but that's a nice feature.
I've been at some Gold's Gyms with black-maroon themes under warehouse lighting and it sets a different mood.
There is a pool, but it's in its own room, which is nice because it doesn't blanket the equipment room in that humid-chlorine atmosphere.
I'm a weights and cardio guy, so I can't speak to too much beyond that.
They have everything I want and more though.
They usually have both Cybex and Nautilus versions of every machine, sometimes with a different brand jumbled in.
The free weights room is enormous and also separated from the equipment room.
That's nice because the free-weight room does have its own ever so slight but not so unique fragrance.
Beyond my limited range of interests: there is a lap pool, a hot tub, a basketball court, several racquetball courts, and an aerobic room where they hold regular classes.
There is also a Kids Klub, but I do not have kids, so again: who the hell knows.
There are several locations in the Valley and you can work out at any one.
My wife likes to catch a class at the Scottsdale location before heading home from work.
They would not, however, let me just scan into their DC locations for free.
They wanted $5 a pop (a discount rate), so I'm guessing it's limited to Valley locations.
The TV is a mix of four stations: CNN or MSNBC, E!, and some sports network.
Sometimes the subtitles are on, sometimes not.
Fitness experts are available and you get a free evaluation/introductory training session upon signing up, but I have managed to avoided these people for a year now, so don't let their presence stop you from coming.
My favorite feature of my membership is that I can bring a guest with me for free.
I can bring anybody, anytime, as many times as I want, provided I only bring one at a time.
No manager coming out to greet them, no sales pitch, no hassle at all.
They just sign a waiver once (ever) and have their picture taken once (ever).
Any time after that I just say "I've brought my friend Jason/Steve/Whoever with me this time, he's been here before"  and they say okay and we walk right on by.
Magical work-out partner from nowhere trick: I love it!
Of all the gyms I've joined in my life (4 now), LA Fitness is both the cheapest and most pleasant.

Decent gym.
Not the greatest and newest equipment but a good choice of machines.
Only major complaints are: 1) always warm inside.
2) sometimes has a bad smell inside.
3) un-motivating radio station.
06/01/12 review.
Staff is much better these days!
Thanks!
TURN DOWN THE AC - at least ~70*c would be Nice...

I'm glad I'm not a swimmer.
The pool looks like a solution of dead skin and urine.
I've been going for about a year to this location.
The normal gym equipment is in decent condition.
I go about 4-5 days a week.
Every LA Fitness I have been to in the last 8-10 years, plays the same crappy music.
I'd give a better rating if they just turned their music off.
If you can't cater to everybody's tastes, then don't do it at all.

I am big on customer service.
This place sucks.
It's a bunch of young kids or dramatic 20 something's who are too busy talking about personal business to greet or say goodbye to people who come and go.
I was not impressed by the facility.
I canceled my membership because I was over it.

The pool looks nicer than it used to.
Music still sucks.

I use to be a member for years, though canceled my membership about 2 years ago.
About a month ago I went in to get a new membership using my employers discount.
The man that I was working with was difficult.
He wanted to charge me more then what was discounted through my work.
I even had the print out from work that I was to have brought in to prove I would get a membership at that rate.
I was so frustrated.
The man picked up on my frustration and started to down talk me saying I didn't print the right print out.
I ended up walking out when he was talking because at that point he wouldn't shut up and listen.
When I was about to the door he started making fun of the situation with the guy sitting next to him.
Never again will I be a member.
I now go to 24 hr fitness on 43rd ave and bell.

We have a family membership for about a decade now.
This location is proximal and we like the fact that it's clean and well maintained.
The trainers are generally courteous and knowledgeable and the place is usually busy at the height of the day.
The pool is also busy and so are the various classes.
Restroom facilities are also clean and nicely kept stocked etc.
the basketball gym and racquetball courts are nice if you want to loosen up after working yourself into a tight knot, so to speak.
About 15 minutes from the Bell/53rd Ave. location is the new PHXBC indoor badminton place where we like to loosen up in a world class setting with the sporty version of a well known popular game.
Highly recommended as well for fitness/fun.
If you lug kids along, LAF also has a day care that might be suitable to keep the 'Chillies' engaged for a bit.
Enjoy and stay in shape!

La Fitness is a great national chain with locations in many states.
Great when I travel as my membership is good at any location.
Clubs are always clean and never too crowded.
The staff is very friendly and helpful.
This location on Bell is close to home and has everything needed for a great workout.

It stinks.
Most things are dirty.
A lot of things are broken...
The monthly fee is expensive, the hours are limited...
I have absolutely nothing good to say about this gym.
I'm canceling my membership as soon as I can get my husband to go there and cancel it.

1 star friendly  staff 1 star free parking 1 star offers group classes  The instructors for group classes are average.
Zumba, spin, step.
Music is old not current.
Livin up tbe class with current music.

Can't stand this place.
The workout area smells terrible.
I was told that my gym bag is too large and I am not allowed to bring it with me when I workout.
My gym bag has equipment contained in it (belt, knee sleeves, lifting shoes, etc) and is always kept out of the way of others.
At the same time, people are allowed huge racquetball bags lined up outside the racquetball courts.
There are also weights left on the bar or not put away and I routinely find dumbbells where they don't belong and someone could easily trip over.

