I almost think that I went with Louise O but I didn't.
Similar experiences though.
We went there with my husband's sister and her husband.
We had a gift card so why not?
And Outback seems pretty much benign.
Now, I don't mind eating at chains.
If anything, there is consistency.
It's all crap and mediocre, but there is always some consistency to it and that's it only redeeming point.
But apparently, not at Outback.
I only get one thing there- the grilled chicken and rice thing.
It's bland and boring but difficult to screw up.
For some reason at this Outback the chicken was like leather.
My husband ordered the Prime Rib which he said was okay.
Not the best but decent.
My sister-in-law ordered a steak, again not bad.
Her husband ordered prime rib which was ghastly.
Undercooked a bit, gristly with very little meat.
Now, Prime Rib is a variable piece of meat and some pieces are guaranteed to have more fat.
But this looked like a piece that just shouldn't have been served.
Service was bipolar.
One moment our server was friendly, the next she was annoyed, the next she was perfunctory and bored.
My husband and sister and law are huge bread and butter fiends.
If we asked for another side of butter we couldn't guarantee when we were going to get it, and it might either be placed on the table or slammed down.
Additionally, getting her to clear away used dishes was as likely as getting George Bush to spell cat.

My wife and I eat out 7 nights weekly so we are critical and choosy about  where we eat.
This Outback has consistently exceeded our expectations on service and the quality of food.
Three servers who always get it right:  Benny, Holly or Amanda.
The menu has a great variety from fall off the bone baby back ribs, steak, seafood and the grillers are all great.
I would recommend this Outback as one of the top 3 restaurants in west Phoenix.
We try to eat here 2 times weekly at  a minimum,,,great carrot cake too!

This has to be one of the most consistent restaurants in the west valley regarding the quality of the food and service.
I have tried the ribs at Texas Roadhouse, Mimis, Dillons and Outback.
Although they are good at all of the above, they fall off the bone at Outback and are noticeably better than the other restaurants.
Have noticed all of their meals are consistent in quality.

I came here last night with a friend for dinner and received average service.. Our waitress was very nice and prompt.
+1  The margaritas were way way too sour and basically tasted like slurpees.
I ordered the Bleu Cheese Chopped Salad (in which the cheese is made from vegetable enzymes and is imported from Denmark, containing no dairy which was nice +2) and it was very filling.
The side of potatoes were very good as well.
I will most likely be returning.

i haven't been to an outback in years - probably at least 3. with the low carb diet situation and their semi-recent price drop, hub and i decided to check it out on friday night.
a few years back their prices were significantly higher, and i felt like for what they served the prices were a bit arrogant.
i'm glad i gave it another chance ... overall, i really liked it and i will be back.
the good: awesome service: very attentive without being annoying.
she accommodated my every annoying request: an order of wings, 1/2 unbreaded (bet you didn't even know they are breaded to begin with!
), all broccoli instead of mixed veggies with my entree, etc.
the seared ahi was much better than i expected.
wings were good.
my steak really was excellent, and well seasoned.
i loved my scallops.
the bad: caesar salad dressing was extremely fishy - much fishier than i remember it.
hub's prime rib tasted like a re-heat.
scallops were small.
i want to give this outback 4 stars, but with the salad situation and the prime rib situation i just can't.

Atmosphere: It is an Australian themed steakhouse.
It is dim inside like most steakhouses but with boomerangs and bushman decorations scattered throughout.
Other than the decor it is a dim mainly wood interior with plenty of booths.
Food: The cheese fries are delicious.
The bloomin onion (pretty much onion rings but cut into the shape of a flower bloom and breaded) is a main stay of the appetizers but I have never been a big fan and I like onions.
The house special steak is what I usually order because it is reasonably priced and still a good piece of meat with a house blend of spices.
I hear the prime rib and chicken on the barbie are top notch as well but I have not had them personally.
The house salad is also quite good.
Oh I almost forgot soon after you are seated you will receive some sort of brown loaf of bread and some butter the bread is always fresh and tastes like heaven.
Drinks: Full bar with plenty of specials.
The wallabedarned is pretty good and I believe they have 2 for 1 specials at happy hour.
Service: Usually good but one time I had a waitress that made my top 3 of all time.
You know those servers that some how read your mind?
I had one at the Outback once.
I would give it a five but their reduction in steak size and increase in prices during this recession has not gone unnoticed.

Say Hello to the incredible shrinking food....don't worry about receiving  Americanized  huge portions  at Outback ..oh no  I am sure that when they shrank their salads and portions of veggies  it was with your waistline in mind.
Once upon a time you got a really hearty salad at Outback with a big old slab o meat..but now  it seems they a reducing their bowls and portions to cut their costs.
Food is still decent just shrunken.
Kind of like those shrinking ice cream cartons in the store...  My husband' salad was so small that he exclaimed  "oh it's so adorable" ....  not what a steakhouse should be hearing.
Food still tasty-ish  , but we have been going as an extended family for several years and long ago we were stuffed when we left... no worries now .... no mate  no worries...

I love this place for sele croon and consistency of food.
For a chain I think it is quite good.
Ceasar salad is wonderfully garlicky.
Yum yum.
Salmon is always great and steaks can't go wrong.
This is a go to for us when we want a reasonably priced steak out.
Service is always very good.

So I was too lazy to make dinner and I needed an excuse to have a drink right after work and I decided to go to Outback since I haven't been here in years.
I wanted to sit at the bar since it was just a party of two and they have TVs there .
The bar area isn't that big but it's a fairly decent size and they have a few booths if you want to order food as well.
Looking at the menu, I noticed that there was some new items and portion options, which was just right because I was hungry but not gluttonous-hungry.
And well what do you know?
The drinks were pretty cheap too!
I don't even think it was happy hour either... awesome.
I ended up ordering one of their 6oz steaks that came with two sides of your choosing (I had a huge bleu cheese wedge salad and garlic mashed potatoes) for under $10.
Not bad at all for the portion and the price!
Outback, I shall see you again when I feel too lazy again to cook!

Ahi tuna was excellent at a good price.

Default for a decent steak at a decent price.
I usually get the 6oz Outback special, cooked med rare and a wedge salad and baked tater loaded.
The food is always good especially for $9.99.
A 6oz steak is no huge but paired with the free bread, salad and tater.. it is plenty.
Service is always good.

An old classic that I have been visiting since it was built.
I just found out, they do have a gluten free menu... but have a regular one with you so you can actually see prices.
Why do they make gluten free menus that don't have prices on them?
I'm sorry, but no, I will not pay ANYTHING for a gluten free meal.
If your steak is $20, then yes, I'm likely to get a salad or chicken.
Sorry.
Went off on a tangent there... this is not the only chain that does this and it aggravates me.
Steaks are awesome... they never change.
I always just get the 10oz New York Strip medium rare... and got it with the mixed veggies, which incidentally, goes great in the juice left behind from your steak, since us celiacs cannot have the veggie seasoning.
Service has never been a problem here.
I had a margarita which was super duper sweet.
Hardly tasted the tequila... and it wasn't strong at all.

Ok I admit it.
I didn't want to go here.
The only reason I went was because we had a $50 gift card burning a hole in my pocket.
That said, I was pleasantly surprised.
Blooming onion was good, or so I am told.
I don't eat deep fried onion.
Each of us had different entries and everyone nearly licked their plates.
Now this was after a long day of riding but still that says alot.
I had a pork chop with vegies (instead of potatoes) and it was very good.
The wine list isn't large but I found one I liked.
The Captain's Mai Tai is delish if you throw the Captain overboard.
Skipped dessert so can't address that but everyone at the table was happy.

What can I say, I love this place.
This is a great choice if you are watching your carbs and/or portions.
I can get a great 6oz steak with two sides for $9.99.
The portion and the price are perfect.
Add a $3 glass of house wine and its even better.
I think the steak is best if you ask them to leave off all of the seasoning and have it wood fired.
I also like their skinny margarita, which is super yummy!
The only drawback is that if you get there too late there is always a long wait.
Also they are not open for lunch, or I'd probably eat there more often.

Last time we went here was a few years back when this establishment wasn't doing the best.
We went back here about a week ago and we were pretty content with what we got.
The food was good.
The bloomin onion is much much better than Texas roadhouses' and their steaks are just as delicious too.
Their house salad, however, could've used some improvements, but I was really more interested in the entree itself.
The waitress we had could've cut back on the side serving though, as my mother requested mint jelly with her lamb and was given more than enough!
That is money going right into the trash.
Otherwise their carrot cake and key lime pie were pretty good, and their food was good as well!
We will be back.

My husband and I hadn't gone there in many years - no idea why, but we always seem to end up in Arrowhead restaurant row,  fighting traffic and long waits (unless we're at Cheesecake Factory which always seems to have ample tables).
It was our anniversary and we decided to try a different restaurant.
We were glad we went!
On a Friday night we only had to wait about 20 minutes, which we did at the bar - just enough time to have a drink.
The drink prices are really good and the bartender got our drink order as soon as we sat down, even though the entire bar was full (we got the last 2 seats).
About 10 minutes after arriving, the hostess found us in the bar and asked us if we wanted a table (she could seat us then) or if we wanted to wait for a booth (we did) - instead of just dragging us to a table.
We should have requested a booth when we arrived, and forgot, so it was nice that they asked before we vacated our seats at the bar.
The food arrived in a timely manner and was terrific - great steak and lobster and, again, great prices.
We really like the fact that you can order your steak to size according to your hunger: no reason for over eating unless you want to.
The veges were cooked just right - not too crisp nor too limp.
The portions were all good sized except for my baked potato.
It wasn't as large as other restaurants, but maybe that's why I had room for dessert (usually don't).
For dessert we got the sampler, figuring it would be 3 small portions.
Wrong!
They were all full-size as far as I'm concerned.
We both looked at it and said, "how are we going to eat all this?
" (we did lol).
My husband liked the carrot cake & cheesecake, and I loved the pecan fudge brownie with ice cream/whipped cream/hot fudge.
Last but not least, our server was full of personality - we really liked her and tipped her accordingly...  All in all, a great night!
We won't let so much time go by before visiting again.

Great customer service....and the commercial specials advertised are valid in AZ.... it stinks that they are not valid in CA ....

Our visit was a romantic one and the meal was awesome, best steak and lobster.We always enjoy a bloomin onion ,it was even better...The bloody mary was right on the spot with celery and olive and his margurita pleased him.So just to sum it up- a great night.Best steakhouse in a long time.

Outback is outback.
I've never been a huge fan of this place, but I do love their wings.
They are dusted spice and remind me of the wings from Red Robin.
Probably one of the better things on the menu.
We went here for lunch a few weeks ago and were seated pretty quickly.
I ordered an iced tea, girlfriend ordered a Mr. Pibb and we put in for some wings and a salad.
That came out quickly.
Then our waitress seem to vanish for a while.
When asking for some sweetener I had to ask another waitress in which she had someone else deliver it to our table.
Honestly, I had asked her for two things two different times and both times she had different people deliverer it to us...
So I had to think.. Did we smell or something?
Geez.
After about 20min, we finally ordered our prime rib (because they had it for lunch finally) and it came out pretty rare.
My girlfriend loves rare meat and I enjoy medium.
The prime rib was ok..
I wasn't a huge fan, but it was decent.
Will I be back?
Honestly, not at this location.
Just wasnt an overall fan of the place.

if you want to have lunch at this Outback and want the Unlimited soup and salad be prepared to start with a regular size soup and salad and on every additional order watch the order get smaller and smaller in size.
The first time I tried it my first soup was in a bowl and the next 2 were in small cups and my first salad on a regular salad plate and my next salad on a saucer plate.
Tried it a 2nd time ....same results.
The proprietor said that's what they do.
If you enjoy the unlimited soup or salad options....go to Chili's or Applebees.......taste better, more options and they give you a 2nd order on a regular size plate and bowl.

Always a please, i deviated from my usual "outback special" and decided to get the lobster tail and filet with a glass of cab.
I was super delighted, i eat at so many restaurants, and i ate here for my birthday.. that says a lot.

Wow I haven't been to Outback for many years!
Like 8-10 years!!
Don't know why not, maybe because I do not usually eat at full chain restaurants and trying to eat at more locally owned restaurants or trying different foods??
Well all I can say is I kick my self for driving by Outback for this many years.
For Christmas I received a gift card so now I had no reason not to go.
We were promptly seated and had a very nice server.
We skipped any appetizers and went into  the open flamed seared sirloin with the shrimp on the barbie.
(our new years resolution was to share more at certain places, to cut calories and save money since we are always TOO full to finish, and doggie bags suck)  We added some coconut shrimp too.
We started our dinner off with a split Caesar salad.
The salad was very good.
Surprised me coming from a chain.
lol.
Had a lot of flavor.
By the time dinner came I was really looking forward to it.
We had cut the steak in half (it was 11oz and my wife can only do 3-4oz so it was perfect split)  and shared the shrimp and had our 2 sides of garlic mash potatoes  and French fries (my idea) and had ourselves a meal!
The meal was very good!
Steak was asked for medium, and was perfect.
Shrimp was great, not my favorite was the coconut shrimp.
The sides were great.
Even just sharing I was too full to even LOOK, at a desert menu.
Also we added our meal with sharing the margarita trio.
3 samples margarita which were really good.
I liked the mango one the best.
Overall we had a wonderful dinner here at outback.
Price wasn't  to bad either for steak.
With or without the gift cards ill be back!

Outback has a funny way of making a dish that should be relatively healthy and ruining it.
Don't get me wrong - the flavors are often tasty, but if you are trying to watch what you eat, this is not the place.
My understanding is that they use a garlic-butter sauce for cooking just about everything, which really ruins the healthy aspect of many of the dishes.
If you ask for it to be excluded, it will go a long way towards keeping your meal reasonable.
For a fast casual eatery, Outback is fine.
But if you really want a great steak, there are so many other places to go that won't cost you all that more for much better taste and quality.

Oh blooming onion...
So bad but oh so good!
Sometimes they do NASCAR specials on Mondays with a free blooming onion if their driver places in the top 10.

I love this outback.
The curbside togo is awesome.
They have a great friendly staff.
Food is great.
I have been to other outback and this is the best one so far.

They are always a good chain to get a good steak at but now with their steak trio and cake pop trio I am in heaven!

I can only surmise that Outback Steakhouse's ubiquity in America stems from the fact that the average person is either too lazy or too ignorant to realize that a good NY Strip can be prepared for half the price and in half the time.
I'm quite certain that at no point did salt, or his feisty brother pepper, touch my steak.
I'm absolutely positive that the 100% grass-fed steak I bought at the local farmer's market didn't have a massive piece of gristle in it, unlike the one I consumed at Outback.
Even the Caesar salad was as dry as the Sahara.
When the best thing on a $20 plate of food is the "Aussie fries," which were crispy, you have a world of problems.
My only solace was the fact that tonight's meal will forever be a black mark on someone else's bank statement.

This Outback is like every other Outback I have been to.
They are always clean, food, drink and service is always excellent.
However, until corporate America starts giving America what they advertise then they can live  with a less than perfect score.
Case and point.
The Unlimited Shrimp, should be renamed Unlimited Shrimp Shrimp.
All the pictures they use are not what they serve.
Smaller shrimp than shown in their advertising.
They tried to make the fried and buffalo shrimp bigger by adding a thick breading.
Yuk, I will go back for sure,but I will nto order their Unlimited specials anymore.

As I read reviews and see things like "it's unhealthy", and "tasteless food", I can only disagree.
I've been to this Outback Steakhouse several times a week and love it.
The seasoning is always on point and I never had a bad experience there.
Like someone said in their review " the average person is either too lazy or too ignorant to realize that a good NY Strip can be prepared for half the price and in half the time", so why are you dining at Outback then?
By the way the Caesar salad was awesome and the bread is fresh.
Sounds like you are an unhappy individual to begin with and probably tip under 15% or want management to review your post and offer something for free.

We stopped in on Sunday 11/10 for my normal 8oz sirloin and discovered they now have Halibut on the menu.
Halibut is one of the few fish I eat and I am very picky about the quality of it.
On our waiter Brandon's recommendation we tried it and we were glad we did.
One of the best halibut steaks I've had.
Brandon told us they have the halibut until the 19th of November and that it has been extremely popular.
We will be back for it again!
Brandon was also one of the best waiters I've experienced at any restaurant in the past year.
Helpful, informative, very friendly & polite and more than met our needs.
We will ask for him on our next visit.

Our first time to the Outback for a family dinner, and it was great.
The food was excellent and the service outstanding.
Best baby-back ribs I have ever had!
Everyone was extremely pleased with the meal.
Best of the year for us!

Can this "steakhouse" ever cook a steak as it was ordered?
I'm not sure I've ever gotten a steak from this restaurant that was cooked correctly the first time.
Also, I know for a fact that I'm not the only person with this issue.
My dad and uncle both ordered their steaks medium well and they came out medium rare.
I ordered medium and mine was welllllllll done, and it was so small and flat it looked like a hamburger paddy from Wendy's!
This same visit 3 out of 4 of the tables around ours sent their steaks back for not being cooked as ordered.
I keep trying to give this place a shot, but it seems to keep disappointing.

Food was as always (think that's across the board stable in outback), but was again extremely positive surprised by a waiter that went way beyond what's normally done!

Curbside takeaway is the best.

Went there for my birthday dinner.
Salad was good, main course was good.
Desert nasty and service was terrible.
Way to many people working not enough for them to do!
Groups of servers chatting and laughing, not impressed.....

Came for prime rib it is 8:00 and they are already out of prime.
Just better management of the place

Wish I could give this place no stars.
Ordered $100+ worth of take out and we were very dissatisfied with the food.
Everything was overseasoned (tons of pepper & salt) my kids would not touch it.
Steaks not cooked properly, medium was rare, well was medium, etc...had to recook the meat myself.
It was just gross.
Everything was horrible.
Total waste of money!!

Not bad but most likely won't be visiting this location again.
Our waiter sucked, honestly.
Took a very long time to get us our drinks and was not friendly at all.
He talked to us the very least he had to, we never even got asked how everything was!
The food wasn't bad but everything seemed to be seasoned with the exact same seasoning, over seasoned as well.

I give this location a 5 star rating because the staff is exceptionally awesome.
Jennifer waited on us and I can say that she is an asset to this company.
I've had a really bad week hearing detrimental news at my work and so I figured to forget my cares I needed to take my wife out on a date and splurge.
The attentiveness, level of care for her tables, and her ability to not be offended at honesty was refreshing.
I was insulting saying the steak was generally not flavorful and outback was not one of my choice steak houses to eat at for steak.
She listened to me and let me voice my opinion without argument and continued to remain extremely sweet.
I am very used to being waited on by waiters who are short and never take the time to get to know their tables so no one restaurant until today since my moving to Arizona has made me want to return to dine.
Connie at this location is an exceptional hostess as well.
I called in to see if they were open since it is a holiday and she went the extra mile to see if I wanted to call ahead for seating.
She is also an asset to this location too.
As for the food I was really blown away by the flavor, tenderness and freshness.
I had the Victoria filet with snow crab.
The filet was so tender I did not need a knife and the snow crab was fresher than some of the sea food restaurants that are in town.
The snow crab did not have the fishy taste or smell that it does at so many places.
Red lobster doesn't even compare in their freshness.
I continue to eat here because of this.
I am a crab fanatic and only outback and Papadeauxs are the place I will eat seafood in the desert.
Do yourself a favor and go see Jennifer you won't be let down!

