I have taken my son here for both the specialty clinic & weekend urgent care.
The medical staff is top notch and caring!
The deduction of two stars is due to the extreme wait times.
If you come here on the weekend you might expect a minimum wait time of 3-5 hours before your child will be seen.
In 2012 I find that to be absolutely unacceptable.
You should never have to pack half a days meal for your 13 month old to get medical care.

Entryway and public areas were clean.
Front office staff was friendly.
Acceptable wait time at 9:30 PM on a Wed night.
Asthma exacerbation.
Took about 1 hour wait to go back and 1 hour for treatment, so 2 hours total.
Medical staff professional.
No deficiencies that I could see.
Would definitely recommend.

Quick Synopsis:  Arrived on a Sunday, waiting three hours in the outside waiting room, waited another hour in dr. waiting room, seen by doctor 15-20 minutes  tops.
Received a one thousand dollar charge for an ear infection!
Who could afford this place without insurance.
Called to discuss bill never received a return call from billing department.
I have taken my children there many of times, but never once had this experience and really considering taking my "urgent care" business elsewhere.

I came in at 10:20 PM and was attended within 10 minutes!
Beats wait time at any hospital ER.
Great customer service and staff seemed like they really care.
Thanks PCH!

Waited until noon today to take my sick child only to find out that they do not accept Aetna and the charge would be 270.00 for visit and then extra for any tests.
They no longer accept Aetna (and a couple other big names) This is one of the only places in Phoenix that you can take you kid to that is pediatric urgent care (other then going to the hospital)  Disappointed that they care more about money instead of healing sick babies.

I've come here several times with my kids.
The front desk staff is always very professional and kind.
The wait time is usually around an hour and a half in and out.
The place is always very clean as well.
As a mom of three I find it very convienent to use for those last minute situations where your child needs to be seen but can't wait for your regular pediatrician to open.
It is also one of very few places that is open in the evenings and caters to kids.
In thirty minutes I was checked in, brought to a room and had my child seen by a nurse.
Just had to wait a short time after that to see the actual Dr.
The only reason I gave four stars instead of five is I don't think you get enough time seeing the actual Dr.
It feels kind of rushed.
Otherwise it's a great place.

