Creepy bar scene hahahaha Good thing I was in good company.
The drinks were strong at least, perhaps to mask the weird people that show up.
Glendale bars are weird man

Neighborhood bar , good drinks, nice bartenders.
Downfall: cash only

I can't say much about this bar since I had only been here for a couple of times.
It was recommended by a friend of mine and I went there one night.
Drinks were great though.

Don't let the outside fool you.
Copper Door bar is a kick ass place if your a football fan.
A buddy of mine that i work with brought me to this neighborhood bar of his years ago.
It's pretty much your typical hole in the wall neighborhood bar.
But this place is filled with good natured and good hearted people.
If your a Bears Fan, there's a section of Bears fans there.
If your a Browns fan.
There is a guy who every Sunday comes with his Browns helmet, sports towel, jersey, and any other Brown stuff you can think of.
Sets it up in a corner and cheers on his Browns like there the #1 team in the league.
Despite how rowdy the crowd might seem there.
they are all pretty friendly there.
They're just passionate about their teams.
But everyone is all smiles and laughs.
Don't be surprise if someone buys you a drink there just because they are in a good mood.
The bartenders are all cool as hell.
They make good drinks and there alot cheaper then some of the other places people go to have a drink.
You can get a long island ice tea there for $5.
There are TV's all over the place with all the games on.
There not huge TV's and they aren't the sharpest HD's.
But the experience at Copper Door on Football Sundays out weights the TV's.
Besides after awhile most of people are drunk and don't care.
There is always free popcorn to be consumed.
I'm not going to lie though.
That popcorn is going to kill someone in there one day.
Don't be surprised if you look around the bar and see people gagging on that damn popcorn.
There was few times i thought i was going to die on the floor at that bar choking on that popcorn.
That would've been a sad way to go.
They also have free biscuits and gravy on Sunday mornings.
You can only get it if you buy a drink.
They are always having free food there for some reason.
When someone has a birthday party there.
The people always invite other people to have some of the food after the initial party guest had their food.
The Copper Door has karaoke on Friday nights as well.
Make sure you bring cash.
As they don't do debit or credit.
Just good ole American cash.

Truly a neighborhood bar.
Didn't know anyone here, and didn't leave without catching  everyone's name.
Maybe not as wide of a beverage selection as the pizzeria-turned-bar in the same lot, but definitely lots more fun.
Will return.

This bar is AWESOME!
Great people, wonderful staff, very open excepting loving neighborhood people.
I walked into that bar 2 years ago with my sister in law.
One of the regulars bought us a pitcher.... And didn't try to get in our pants!
Lol he just wanted us to feel welcome and have a good time.
The bar tenders are great, fun and friendly.
I've brought so many different types of people here and have NEVER had a bad time.
I guess I am a regular now!

so let's upate....see the last review was 3yrs ago !!
NOT FOR OUTSIDERS !!
must have been a new neighbor...who wrote that dribble...very small ..unclean..dark unfriendly .thats the patrons !
And the hole in the wall!
...bartenders  are good and drinks wonderful as for the  karaoke guy he is Rude aggressive toward females must be a  foreigner.
lets face it anyone they dont know having a goodtime they turn up there snobbish noses (ladies) and the guys follow along .

Bar Rescue where R U!
last reviews 2010 2011 2012?
drops off ...hello not a happy place.
too neighborhood ..drinks have gone to SH*T ..too!
or it was bartender?

Great neighborhood sports bar!
Ton of tv's, pool table, shuffleboard, darts, all the regular bar game machines and great down to earth people.
Nothing pretencious here.
The beer is ice cold and the drinks are VERY reasonably priced.
They have an ATM for convienience too if you don't have cash.
They do kareoke on the weekends and you don't have to be a rockstar to have fun.
The owners are very nice and interact with their patrons very nicely.
They are an Iowa Hawkeyes bar when it is college football time and get a big turnout of fans from all teams.
All around fun neighborhood place to hang.
Kind of a "Cheers" atmosphere if you are familiar with the old sitcom.

I've been here about a dozen times and it used to be decent, but this ultra mega bitch bartender has ruined it for me.Last 3 times I've been there she always leaves the bar to go out and smoke and talks with all the regulars.
I get it..it's a local dive bar and you chat with the regulars, but you disrespect anyone new.
We asked for another beer and she sighed bc apparently she wanted to go home.
Other night someone threw up in the bathroom so she flipped and kicked everyone out of the bar.
My friend and her got in a fight bc she was telling him he needed to finish his beer.
Cash only?
Yup.
Place sucks, don't go.Probably one of the worst bars I've ever been to.

I've only been here once but thoroughly unimpressed.
When we walked in the bartender was outside smoking and told us she would "be right in.
" We waited several minutes before she returned, seeming annoyed.
She then left once again to go smoke.
After the first pitcher we asked to order another and she audibly signed

