I'll be back to try the pizza.
This place looks like it could be a great neighborhood pizza joint.
I stopped in Saturday night for some late food on my drive home from the Coyotes game.
Sure, I was the only customer there at 9pm, (the place is open till 11, a plus in my book) but I was greeted promptly with a smiling young guy with an east coast accent (another plus for a pizza place.
I was alone so ordered a sandwich instead of a pie, to go.
I asked for a steak and cheese, and he reminded me it's much better with mushrooms and peppers..good call, suggesting the works.
The sandwich, phenomenal, the service, great!

We ordered a pizza and wings for pickup to tonight and were told it would be a half hour.
My husband drove up to pick it up and they hadn't even started the order.
They then told him it would take another half hour to make our order he left and we ordered elsewhere.
This was our first time trying them out and I can't say I have any interest in going back.

Really good, authentic New York style pizza place owned by real New Yorkers.
They have that crispy crust and good sauce, which are both very important to me in pizza.
Also great specials.
I recommend it and would definitely go back!

Good pizza, great wings.
A little lacking in the variety of wing flavors (hot, medium, mild, and barbecue).
Wish they offered a suicide and another sweet flavor.
Cant say I have had an issue with the service here either, been here quite a few times and they are always polite and efficient.
Overall a good place to grab a slice and some wings.

I am sad that Lucky's is so far from where we live.
I worked near Lucky's last year and just happened to walk in for lunch.
My lunch was so good I took a huge meat lovers pie home, which was so good my husband proposed all over again!
The employees were so friendly and explained that their pizza might take a little longer than normal, but they want to make sure it's right.
I loved everything about my visit there, and was able to stop in a couple more times throughout the year.
It's about an hour drive from where I live, but the more I think about it, I think we're going to have to go get some more Lucky's pizza.
Great neighborhood pizza place!

Great pizza, wings, and sandwiches!
I've been eating here since grade school and the quality has always been consistent.

We have tried several pizza places in the 6 + months we have been in the valley.
So in our progression we came across Lucky's.
Man what a great place, ordered 2 large NYS pizzas and 10 wings, wanted to get a feel for their wares.
WE WERE NOT DISAPPOINTED!!!!
I have 5 people in my family and we had almost a whole pizza left for the upcoming week.
There is nothing much better that really good pizza that you can eat on all week.
Give these guys a try, you can feed the whole family and not break the bank!

I just tried Lucky's Pizza for the first time last night and it was awesome!
They serve New York style pizza and it is some of the best I have ever had (granted it's no match for Chicago style), just as good as Ray's Pizza, if not better!
The staff working here were very friendly, which made it a pleasant experience all around.
I also love that they send out coupons which makes this an affordable place to order from.
We even have leftovers and I can tell you after heating them up that their pizza still tastes good the day after.
I think we have found a new favorite pizza place and I will definitely be back again!

Wow wow wow!
As my friends and I sit here and eat this delectable pizza a few things come to mind, cheesesteak and ricotta.
Believe it or not I called in and asked for a large pizza and a cheesesteak, hold the bun and toss it on the pizza.
We are now feasting on a little slice of heaven, a pizza covered in onions, green peppers, mushrooms and cheesesteak.
All this sitting on top of cheese under a layer of ricotta cheese sauce......stop drooling, you wish you had smell a vision right now...even better call the and order this you will be hooked for life!

This has been one of my favorite pizzerias for a while.
It's as close to u can get to jersey pizza.
There are a few other places that are good too, but luckys rocks!

I've been eating at Lucky's Pizza for over a decade and the reason is consistency.
The have great service, authentic taste and, most importantly a clean environment.
The staff is friendly and always greet you with a smile.

Ordered the pizza and wings,  the pizza was really below average.
The wings were extremely over cooked and was leaking from the container they were delivered in.
Made quite a mess.
Looking at the reviews I am not sure what happened.
Maybe a new cook or something.
Not sure we will try it again.
We are big on second chances.
But a third will be out of the question if it is not better next time!
Good luck Lucky's

Got my order completely wrong, horrible and rude service, mediocre pizza, all around bad experience.

Hole in the wall.
Perfect.
My veggie Pizza was ehhhhhh... when i took a slice,  everything fell off the pizza.
I was bummed.
:/  The baked ziti was magnificent, no joke.
Best baked ziti I have ever had!!!!!!!!!!!
The side salad was good.
I said no olives on it......... and I got olives on it.
Great customer service.
Very friendly :)  Games on.
Kings vs mavericks.
What a good night.

Place is okay.
The only reason for 3 star is the price and the grease on their pizzas is a lil norm but the flavor is awesome....  We havent found breadsticks we like there so we normally get wings, pizza and salad.
They r a little higher priced than say peter piper, but they deliver!
The wing sauce will eat thru the foil tray they deliver in within a couple days so dont leave it sit in your fridge too long!
Delivery guys r always nice and pleasant.
Some come prepared with parmesean and napkins.
Just depends who ya get.

