Ok so Walmart is supposed to be Walmart no matter which Supercenter you go to.
First off of the five I have shopped at in the West Valley they have had 3 different floor plans.
So there is a difference in finding stuff.
I was getting tired of the experience at the one I used to shop at on the way home from work so I checked out 2 others.
This one is by far the best Supercenter I have ever been in.
I have to pass by two others and my apartment to get to this one.
The floors are clean, the parking lot is clean, it is well lit inside, there is plenty of aisle space, all of the shelves are stocked neat and orderly.
They even have produce that looks like you might want to eat it.
They always keep enough registers open to service the number of people in the store.
Everybody that works there is friendly and willing to help you lift, find, whatever.
I have now been going about once a week for 2 months and unless something changes this is MY Walmart.
I did ask a couple of the check out people why this store is so much more pleasant to shop in and one of them responded that the manager has a vision of what his store should be and makes sure the entire staff buys into it.
Yes it's Walmart but as long as they keep it up this store deserves the 4 I gave it.

Convenient location and makes for a quick shopping experience.
This Walmart is spacious, clean (yes!
), and it has a pretty fast checkout.
They are always well stocked.
The employees are friendly.
What more can I say?

I went in for an oil change thinking this would be quick and easy.
Uhm... not so much.
It took her a much longer to check me in than I expected ~ 5-10 minutes ~ and then my van sat there for more than 20 minutes with what seemed to be a small team of technicians floating around.
Worst of all, I wandered away for a few minutes (ya, easy access to the evil store within) and when I come back I see the van pulling away.
HUH!?!?!?!!!!
I asked where the van was going and she said "not far".
Um...
I DON'T THINK SO!
I went out side to see where it went and it was parked outside.
WTF?
I go back in, she hollers at tech person sitting in the office and he comes out and says "we had to decline it".
He said there's a dent in the oil pan and its right by the plug.
They cannot service it.
Well OK.
I cannot give you guys a good review.
You WASTED 45 minutes that I didn't have.
The oil pan is not their fault, just the lame, lazy attitude and overall waste of time is.
First and last time I go here.
Note that their basic oil change is $30.
I the same service plus a carwash AT THE DEALERSHIP for less than $30.
It's not as convenient, but its where I'm going from now on.

Walmart just runs a gong show everyday.
The aisles are always blocked and all the workers are always in a bad mood, I don't blame them though I would be too if I was treated as poorly as they are.
Walmart is good for if you need something when your drunk at like 3 in the morning and everything else is closed.

AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL.
I waited for 32 minutes to get fabric cut.
Their assistant manager, Isaiah,  said "oh well it looks like we didn't call anyone into that department".
When I called the store and asked for a manager on my cell while IN the store,  their operator said "geeze everyone is asking for a manager today".
Well duh.....your management sucks.
Thanks to this store, I refuse to shop walmart.
EVER.

Convenient, friendly.
A good experience.

This walmart is huge and always clean and organized.
The attitude of the on floor staff and dressing rooms could be improved greatly but I rarely need help finding anything.
Clearance baby stuff is awesome.
I often find shirts for $1  Produce is skimpy and lacking in verity.
I don't do much of my food shopping here I prefer other stores for that but I do get toys, shampoos, and other items there.

I hate this walmart MORE than I hate most walmarts!!!
this is like that bad rash you have that you HOPE will go away with a trip to the free clinic but only gets worse and your are forced to amputate!

In brief, avoid the Wal-Mart auto center at this store.
My wife took our car in to get the tires rotated, the workers told my wife that they refused to rotate the tires as they were so worn down and told her that the car needed immediate replacement of all 4 tires or she was risking a blowout leaving the parking lot.
I told my wife to take the car to Discount tire to see what they said.
When she told the high pressure salesman she was leaving she was told that she was a "fool" and they then took over 10 minutes to find the keys so she could leave.
Discount looked at the tires and said that we had at least 15-20,000 miles left on the tires.
Last month the battery on our other car started going out, and when I looked at the battery to see where to take it for the warranty, it was Wal-Mart.
Ok, we had to go back or pay for a new battery (in hindsight should have gone to another Wal-Mart auto, my mistake).
We were told that our alternator was bad and or the started, no way the battery was bad.
I insisted that they test the battery and they again tried to tell me that the alternator was bad even when the battery tester was showing it was in the "replacement" zone.
The guy finally agreed that they would replace the battery for free as it was still under the full replacement time frame.
It gets better.
There was no one else there getting a car worked on.
Not one oil change, tire rotation, wiper replacement, nothing.
Guy told us that it would be 45 to 60 minutes to get the battery replaced.
Fine, I will sit in the waiting room.
His look made it obvious that my waiting did not please him.
Finally after he spent 10 minutes playing on his cell phone he called someone up who took the keys and replaced the battery in 5 minutes.
I don't know what it is that makes these scammers here feel that they can treat customers so poorly, but they do it.

Worst walmart ever!
Go there late on the way home from work sometimes and now I never will again.
It's filthy dirty and the service is horrible.
They have pallets all over the place and you can't navigate the isles and the stockers don't help accommodate you they will watch you have to go out of your way to come around the other side to grab stuff.
Most humans would say let me move this so you can get by or can I grab u something NOPE.
Wait 45 minuets in a long line with one register open.
Horrible never returning.

