Best Doctor  around as far I  am concerned.
I wish more Doctors treated their patients as well as Dr. Sawyer does.
This office is well ran and very customer friendly.
When I  am in the office I  feel they  are totally caring and understanding of whatever my needs are.
They are efficient, warm and  extremely helpful.
I have had many friends that use Dr Sawyer for their Ob needs and have been extremely happy.
Dr. Sawyer is well respected by his colleagues and customers alike.

Dr. Sawyer is the type of doctor that you always hope to have.
Our first son was delivered by Dr. Sawyer over ten years ago, and now we have a blessed reason to see Dr. Sawyer again!
His entire practice is caring, professional, and responsive.
I would highly encourage expecting mothers to see Dr. Sawyer.

I have been a patient of Dr. Sawyer's for over 13 years.
I absolutely adore him.
There is no kinder, gentler, and more understanding doctor than Dr. Sawyer as your OB/GYN.
If you are having fertility issues, he can help.
If you are looking for a great GYN, he is gentle and very professional.
He also has a female PA and a female nurse practioner who see patients as well if you are more comfortable being seen by a woman.
Dr. Sawyer delivered my son 10 years ago and my entire pregnancy went smoothly and calmly thanks to the good doctor and his years of experience in OB.
I'm excited to be having our 2nd miracle baby after all of these years and Dr. Sawyer is with us every step of the way.
Christy Brown is Dr. Sawyer's PA and she's terrific.
I saw her many times after I had my son and she is friendly, sweet, and truly understands.
She has given me great advice to help with various female issues and has always been right on.
I've also seen the NP, Amy, a few times and she too is patient, kind, and understanding.
The office staff is very professional and treat you like an old friend.
Many of the staff have been working there for at least as long as I've been seeing Dr. Sawyer.
His PA and NP have been there for 10 years.
You know an office is happy when there is low turnover.
I have never had to wait more than 30 minutes to see the doctor and as I've said, I've been seeing Dr. Sawyer for over 13 years.
Again, I can't say enough nice things about Dr. Sawyer and his practice.
I've been 100% satisfied for years.

I am so happy that Dr Sawyer was recommended to me.
Both my husband and I found him top notch.
He is very kind and has a great bedside manner.
He spends time and gets to know his patients over the course of their pregnancy.
He will also tell you his opinion and give you the facts and his recommendations and has the knowledge to back them up.
His office staff is pretty good.
Sometimes they were not always the friendliest to me.
I know we all have bad days, so I am just going to let it slide since Dr Sawyer is great.
He was a great doctor when I was in labor.
He kept good tabs on my progress.
I had to have a c section and everyone was impressed the he used dermabond instead of staples.
So don't hesitate- he is the best doctor!

I am not a regular patient of Dr Sawyer's, however he was the on-call Dr for the delivery of my son in Feb. My husband and I both feel that he was a blessing to have as our doctor that day.
My normal OBGYN was not very supportive of my desire to have a natural unmedicated birth with as little intervention as possible.
Dr Sawyer on the other hand was 100% on board with our wishes and offered alternatives to the normal hospital approach to delivery.
He was such a joy to go through this life changing experience with.
My husband liked him so much that he suggested we change my normal provider to Dr Sawyer.
He really cares about the womans wishes and perspective.
He also made suggestions in regards to the birth that were not on my plan but taking the time to read over the kind of delivery we hoped to have thought we would be interested in.
All of the nurses told us that he was the best doctor to have for the birth experience we were hoping for.
So if you are interested in seeing a provider who supports natural birthing he's your guy!

