The place was fairly busy and we had to get our jewelry inspected.
I'm not kidding, when I say we waited 15 minutes for someone to acknowledge us.
There was a few ladies behind the counter and they just didn't seem to pay attention and avoided eye contact.
Finally a lady finished up with a customer and came over and she gave us her undivided attention and wanted us to be satisfied with the service.
I wish all the other ladies in the store were like her.
I think her name was Shannon.

The staff was fairly nice, but they either are extremely misinformed on what they are selling(this is the benefit of the doubt side of it).
Or they are liars to make a sale.
I was quoted a higher color/clarity in the diamond engagement ring I bought my fiance than it actually was, the clarity was bottom of the barrel actually.
We decided to go to Shane Co after feeling taken advantage of, upon looking at the ring under a 10x magnification tool used by jewelers I was almost disgusted that I bought such a ring.
The whole diamond was a foggy cloud with tons of imperfections throughout, I felt like an idiot.
We then looked at a diamond of the quality I was told I was purchasing from Zales and it was 100x clearer and much more beautiful.
We left Shane Co paying 500 more for a ring from there, and it was certified, appraised, and the lifetime warranty was free.
not 200 like Zales was trying to have me pay.
I left Shane straight to Zales to make my return.
Don't go to mall jewelry stores, you will pay a ridiculously inflated price and be pushed around by commissioned sales people

Lacking in customer service, it would be nice to be acknowledged while waiting, just so you know they will be with you when they are finished with their current customer.
We attempted to return an item under $200, but could not because they didnt have enough cash on hand to complete the return.
Quite annoying that we were told that we have to drive all they way back to return something after 5pm because thats when they "think they will have enough money in the till" to do so.
We will stick to Jareds across the street for all future purchases from now on.

This place is horrible, I was assisted by one employee and she was more interested in signing me up for a credit card then actually helping me.
Every time I asked to see a ring she would make a comment about how I needed to get something more expensive and not so cheap.
She didn't listen to anything I asked for.
On top of all that she kept whispering about giving my different amounts of discounts while looking over her shoulder.
Very weird!

I got my engagement ring sized and this happened.
I received a ring that was a lot thinner and sharp.
Now I have small cuts and extremely dry skin which I didn't have before.
Sad face!

I only gave one start because there isn't a "star option.
" This particular Zales is lacking in customer service big time.
If a lady named Hope is helping you... RUN!
I wouldn't even recommend my worst enemy to shop at this store.

