I will admit that I'm not a hardcore Mac fanatic however there are items I use as staples to my daily makeup routine.
I usually already know that I'm looking for when I go but when I do have a question the girls all seem friendly and helpful.
Last month I have a photo shoot and needed some professional makeup done.
The shoot was boudiour style so I didn't want to look like anyone but myself.
I knew the makeup had to look a bit much in person for it to come out in the photos.
But I must say that final result was very pretty and really something I would honestly wear for an evening out.
My pictures turned out beautiful and my photographers complimented me on how beautiful my makeup turned out.
If you are looking for a makeover I highly recommend Marlene @ the Arrowhead location.
The makeovers are free with a minimum $50 purchase as time of service.
(I'm sure thats always subject to change though so check with your local MAC counter).

Friendly and helpful!
Went in to purchase a few items for my boss.
They always know exactly what I need when I hand them the list.
This paricular location recycles old containers for lipstick only.
I believe the fashion square location will switch out for eyeshadows too.
Pleasant and was convenient for that particular day.

When I walk into a Mac store I feel like a little kid walking into a candy store.
I get this glow about myself and I'm just in awe of all the pretty things around the room.
Unfortunately for my wallet the prices aren't quite as affordable as candy but I make sacrifices (why pay for my water bill when I can buy mascara instead?!
Kidding!
But I've thought about it....)  Walking into this location was no different and the service was on par with what I expect as well.
I was greeted right away when I walked in and the rep came over to see if I needed help with anything.
I already knew what I wanted but just had questions about which color would be right for me.
The rep made a recommendation and then applied it onto me to make sure it was what I wanted.
Easy and professional.
While I was paying, a couple of the other reps complimented my dress and one of my tattoos so we got into a conversation about them and by the end of it I was pulling up my Instagram because they wanted to see pictures of my other tattoos too!
It was like they were friends of mine which is the kind of customer service I love, makes me feel welcome and it makes me want to continue to go because I know I'll have a great experience every time.

This place is not woman of color friendly, If you are African American you will BR ignored for fair skin ladies that the sales staff thinks will purchase more.
I went in on a Thursday evening lookin to purchase a few items after the sales girls helped two people that walked in after me, when one finally acknowledged me she said she had to take a phone call and left and neve came back!
No one else recieved that treatment but me, terrible service I took my money elsewhere.

My recent experience at this location was terrible.
If I could I wouldn't even give them one star.
Their customer service is truly that bad!

I always feel stupid going into mac because I don't know much about makeup and it doesn't help that when I'm asking an employee about a certain product and I use the wrong term or I call it the wrong name they correct me, like you know what I meant so just go with it.
Maybe this is just my personal issue.
*sigh*  Customer service varies.
You never know if you're going to have good or bad service it really depends on who's working that day.
Bad service = employees paying no attention to you, I don't need all the attention in the whole world but if I walk into mac it's because I'm going to buy something and it's not like I can just go to the shelves and get it myself.
There's been times where I walk in and I have a product in mind that I would like to try out/buy and I need help and just no one helps me.
Great service = employees greeting you when you walk in, even if they are busy a "hello welcome to mac" is lovely!!
Getting help with no judgment is also freaking awesome, i don't know much about makeup like I said before and what I truly appreciate is when someone helps me and teaches me things w/o being rude/snooty about it.
I love it when this does happen because I leave mac with what I wanted to buy and I leave happy because I don't feel kind of dumb and insecure because of my lack of knowledge about makeup.
I've never had a bad experience here, sometimes they have really bad customer service though!
Most of my experiences at this mac have been great, but lately it hasn't been that great the service gets worst every time I go in.
I've been trying to return something for two weeks every time I go in I get completely ignored.

The service could be better.
I'm never greeted.
The staff is too busy talking to one another.
The vibe isn't upbeat as Sephora.
I walk in get what I need by asking, pay, and leave.
I love MAC products so I'm happy at the end of the day.
The service isn't terrible it's just quite neutral I guess.

Happy so happy I had Stacy do my make up for my graduation and she was nice, friendly, professional and knowledgable about the products

