It really big and clean but hard to find someone to help you, when I did find someone to help I knew the product I was getting but had a question he did not know anything about it just say you don't know let find someone to help you Instead of giving me false info.

I really like this location.
We never have trouble getting help.
When we bought our new phones last year they were helpful and again when I upgraded this year.
My only issue with the mobile department is I wish they had live phones not just shells.
We've been here a lot, we also purchased a new desktop at this location this year.
It was listed a week later at a lower price and they gave us the difference back in cash with no problems.
Always very helpful.
and the  store is always clean.

We needed some help in the cell phone area and it took a over 5 mins before we were acknowledged by someone.
Then it took them 20 mins to figure out to do a hard start on the phone.
Since it did not work, they have to send the phone out for service.
When we did get service, Tim provided great service.

Good experience in the computer section and with the customer service Geek Squad.
I will return

We frequently come here.
It is pretty well stocked.
I've purchased things directly from the store and have done pick-ups from Internet orders as well.
I give it three stars b'c I didn't have a good experience with their customer service a few years ago after purchasing a laptop.
I'm usually a pretty agreeable person so I know it wasn't on my end.
Plus, the staff helpfulness can be shotty - sometimes good, sometimes sub par but for the most part, we've had good experiences there.

Staff is more helpful than one on McDowell.
Less to choose from though.

Best best buy on the area more helpful than the one in Avondale by far

Customer service desk is always very friendly and willing to help you however they can.
Store is always clean and employees always check in with you to see if they can help, very friendly

This is the worst store with the worst customer service ever.
Ever.
I can go to the MVD and get better customer service than at this craphole.
Every time I come here they don't have what I need, nobody is willing to help you get what you need and the employees are clinically retarded.
Best Buy is not a core value company and it REALLY shows.
Whoever is running this store should be ashamed of themselves.
They should give back every paycheck they ever made and hang themselves from the store ceiling.
I'm ordering all electronics from Amazon from now on.
F*ck you, Best Buy.

