For a basic watch battery replacement ( very common type) they want $40.
I didn't use the service as that's more expensive than me sending it back to the maker for a service.There's a stand in the same mall that can do it for $16.
While they have extended warranties  ( 5 years on battery replacement) it's about twice the going rate.
Look at how many of these shops wink in and out of existence.
Search on yelp had more closed than open.

I went to their Arrowhead AZ location in November of 2012 and asked to have my watch repaired.
The employee told me they would call me the next day with a quote.
I asked, "are the repairs done here?
" as I pointed down at the floor indicating THIS building?
I did not want my property mailed out to be fixed by someone else.
I choose to deal with people directly.
The woman replied "yes, the tech.
will be in tomorrow and will fix it here.
"  When I didn't hear from them, I stopped by.
Only to find out that  THEY SENT OUT MY WATCH TO BE REPAIRED SOMEWERE ELSE!!!
The manager was full of attitude, and lost his temper with little provocation saying, "just forget it, I'll have them bring it back, it takes a long time to repair watches, and I can't deal with people who don't understand that!
"  RUDE RUDE RUDE!!
All I wanted was the estimate I was promised!
He blamed his employee, saying he would "have a talk with her.
"  I got news for you, talk to your self because its your fault that she had the incorrect information, YOUR FAULT.
NOT hers.
What reason would she have to intentionally give me incorrect information!?
It happened because you failed to train her, and provide her with accurate or more likely NO information at all.
I asked to speak to his supervisor, and he REFUSED.
He said I could email the address on his business card... this email was for the store, not the owner / franchisee, as I had asked for.
Glad I didn't let them work on my watch.
Very poor operation.
GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!
Please note that since I was never given a quote, I cannot accurately click on an appropriate price range.
Additionally, as tempting as it is, I do not list even first names unless I have something nice to say.

I've been going here for years!
They offer multiple services and were lucky to have such a place to depend on.
Jeweler is amazing!!

I brought my Wife's watch to Aerohead Mall location , the watch was not working we were told $120 to fix it , when we go the watch back it still dint work , I asked what was done to the watch " we cleaned it " I asked why you would clean a brand new watch " they argued and said they would send it Back to there Scottsdale store and it took another 2 weeks , got the watch back and it still doesn't work !!!
At this point I asked for a full refund , and I was told the owner would have to approve the refund but he's not in the office ever we tried to contact him during this whole nightmare .
They took my money and never repaired the watch  BUYER BE WARE ,,,,,,,,,

I have bright the watch to you guys twice and you still haven't fixed it , why should I bring it back a third time ??
I don't believe you have the ability to fix the watch .
So if you are not willing to refund the hundred and $20 that you charged then I will file suit first thing Monday morning for three times the amount plus attorneys fees

