While doing some shopping around Arrowhead I felt a little nostalgic when my car ended up facing the Fuddruckers.
I worked at Fudd's as one of my first jobs in Calumet City, IL circa 1985...it was great, they used to give away all the buns that weren't used that day to the employees every night...ahhh....the memories.............
They aren't giving anything away these days-small burger with fries and a drink (FARKIN' YUCKY PEPSI B.S.
PRODUCTS TO BOOT, as noted in previous lessons signs of a cheap-arse restaurant) was more than ten bucks!!
AND THAT WAS THE COMBO DEAL!!
The restaurant was empty as I probably went just as they opened at 11, so the friendly staff had no other patrons to tend so I was like a queen...The burger was as good as I remember though and so was the fresh bun.
Topped how I like, I wish they offered shoestring type fries though as I am not a fan of the wedges-they don't ever get crispy!!
My main beef (no pun intended) is with the prices, there's just not that sense of value especially these days.
T Out :)

I enjoy Fudd.
I like the fact that you can order your burger Med Rare and it comes that way.
I like fat fries and free cheese sauce to dip it in.
Infact i used cheese, jalapeno cheese, bbq, and honey mustard to dip  the wedge shaped fries.
I like that you can pick the produce you want.
If you like diced versus sliced tomatoes or lettuce.
You can add too much mayo and clog your arteries more.
It is up to you.
The service was good, it was early.
The burger was great, just lacked a little seasoning, but i can add that myself.
I like that it is a sit down type place but is also a get it your damn self place.
I like FUDD.

I've been enjoying this place for a lot of years and it was in a serious slump for the last maybe 2 years but when we visited last week it was back to where it once was.
The burger was quality, and the service was friendly.
I do wish they'd do a better job of cleaning tables but aside from that it was a pleasure to be back at a quality Fuddruckers experience.
This is a great place to get a quality inexpensive place for the whole family.

I am a big fan of Fuddruckers, I think the the fresh grilled bun gets me every time.
I love the side inexpedience and the spicy mustard.
I pile on jalapenos, lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion, mayo, spicy mustard, & ketchup onto my 1/3lb cheese burger.
What can I say, it is a consistent great meal when I am in the mood for plain old American tradition.
I have been going to many of their location over the years and I was sorry to hear that the Highland and 20st location closed but I still have Metro and Arrowhead locations to fill my craving.
Also the atmosphere is great and very casual, my kids also love this place since there are games for them to play and the decor has so much going on that it is very kid inviting.

IMO Fuddruckers is THE place to get a burger.
I love the fact that you can get buffalo and large size burgers - and that you get to choose and add the toppings yourself.
A great place for a tasty lunch or quick dinner out that is real casual and easy.

Unfortunately I dont think we will be returning.
Although we love the food our time has been wasted the last 2 visits.
:(  The first of two visits consisted of a hair in the shake and rude customer service.
Today is took 40 min for 2 burgers that were nothing special a 1/3 pound the other 1/2 pound.
But yet another friend with us had no problem getting his that he had ordered after us, along with 4 other guest after us.
For some reason it seemed we continued to get skipped over.
Even the 1 pound burger and bison burger got theirs before us.
We finally had to tell them to just make it togo, as we only have an hour for lunch.
So we had to eat our burgers cold, with soggy fries.
Ultimately it is impossible to eat here with an hour lunch break, as they constantly seem to be under staffed, especially for the last day of school being today.
I guess we should have just ate a freddys....

Avoid like the plague.

This one is consistent every time I come to this restaurant.
Good flavor, good service.
On occasion the fixings selection is a little "off".
Brown lettuce and those tasteless winter tomatoes.
But the good thing about a burger is that they are still good wiht just the basics.

Microwaved veggie burger.
The place smelled like a wet kitchen floor...not a clean one, either.

I haven't had Fuddruckers in such a looong time, that I was actually excited to get to eat here again.
Back then, I'd usually go for the Taco Salad.
But this time, I actually tried to get a 1/2 lb.
burger.
I tried it by itself, without any condiments or what not, and it was very bland.
Thank goodness I could get as many condiments and sauces as i wished to add on some flavor to my burger.
It went so good with the jalapeño cheddar.
Their sweet potato fries were so so.. not a whoa.
I loved their clean trays of condiments and sauces.
The cookies were also very good, especially the M&M ones.
They have a really fancy Vending machine.

Always a great experience at both locations.
The food is great, menu options are excellent.
If you don't want a burger they have salads.
Great toppings and they are so fresh and they have ranch as a side for dipping or adding to the bun.
Love it!!!!
Oh and the RICE CRISPY TREATS are the bomb.
I always have to get at least 3 when leaving.
Yum Yum.

Cashier was not very friendly or helpful.
Ordering there is a bit different than other places, therefore it would've been nice if she explained how it works, since it was our first time.
But burger was delicious and you get to choose type of cheese and have unlimited access to condiments and sauces.
I will be returning.

Cashier is always friendly and helpful.
I have found the restaurant to always be clean and the food is excellent!
I love the new COKE vending machines.
Great variety of sodas and fun.
Great food, great toppings and super clean restaurant.

This location is so good!
The counter staff were pleasant and friendly.
Counters, condiment bars, and tables were kept clean.
They have those awesome new coke machines!!
We kept going back up to try more soda flavors and combinations.
The burgers were good, cooked to order and done perfectly, like textbook medium well (which is how we always order our burgers).
Could possibly have used a little more seasoning (i.e.
salt), but that's what the condiment bar is for.
Decent wedge fries.
The kids loved their nuggets and cookie.
I have to say that there is something magical about the jalapeno cheese sauce.
MAGICAL!!!
So good with the fries.
Same goes for their ranch sauce!
I know it plainly says "Hidden Valley Ranch" on the ranch dispenser, but it tastes better than any HV ranch I have ever tried.
I don't know why it tastes so good there, but it does.
Believe it.
It's ranchy magic...and I am under its spell.
We'll be back.

I hadn't been to Fuddruckers for about 20 years... now I know why.
Cashier was nice and very helpful.
I ordered bacon cheese burger combo.
Fries were only warm, not hot.
Burger was not very tasty and it was full of gristle bits... you know the ones that stick between your teeth.
Lots of trash on the floor.
After we were finished, someone came to ask how things were.
I told here about the fries and she offered to get me more; I declined.
She offered a free dessert: I accepted.
In all, not a good experience, will probably be at least another 20 years before I go back.

We went there last Saturday and we enjoyed it.
I had the 1/2 pound Original Fudds with only cheese.
It came with steak fries and I liked them because you can really taste the potato in it and just the right amount of salt.
The burger was well-done and they got it right.
The burger was very juicy, and succulent.
The bun was soft, fresh, and lightly toasted.
The meat was cooked very good, because it was beefy, and juicy.
The cheese was fresh also, and added flavor.
The service was good, because they asked us how we were doing and that was pleasing.
The quality of the meat was good.
It was cooked on a grill and was never frozen.
They had a decent arcade in Fuddrucker's that's good for kids 5-12.
They also have a very cool soda machine.
The soda machine is touchscreen and say for example you press Sprite.
You see regular Sprite, plus a whole variety of flavors.
I tried Sprite Strawberry.
It was refreshing.
The only reason this isn't 5 stars is that it's overpriced.
We had a party of 4 and it costs us $49

Eat here about every couple months.
Prices and service good, like the self serve condiments.3 stars because I've noticed a decline in quality of beef since last visit.
Meat has always been consistent until the other day.
Hamburger looked and tasted as if frozen and premade elsewhere.
I will give one more shot.

The good:  Fudd is willing to serve a medium burger.
It seems that many places now will not serve anything below med-well.
If I want something well done, I can go to fast food.
With a thicker burger, I want it a little more tender.
The staff seem to know how to temp because I got what I ordered.
No underdone and not leather.
The soda fountains look cool.
They have a decent selection if you are getting a fountain drink.
The dressing ingredients seemed fresh.
And after a hike I grabbed plenty of pickles because I was craving salt.
The maybe:  My wife complained that her root beer didn't taste right.
There are 3 possible issues here: 1 is she doesn't drink much soda (like probably the equivalent of a can or two  per YEAR) so maybe she just doesn't have a good idea of what that brand normally tastes like.
The other is the machines meant there was some mixing so she was getting more than just root beer.
And last was the syrup, water or CO2 could've been off.
I have no idea which because I gave up all pop a year and a half ago so I didn't taste it.
I won't hold that against them but did want to mention it in case other people have had similar experiences with the soda fountains.
The less good:  The price.
It just seems a touch high.
A combo is $3.75.
Many chain burger places include unlimited fries and charge $2.50-$3 for a drink.
If you go with a coupon this is worth it.
But for me and my wife, that's pretty spendy.
I never drink pop and she rarely does.
Seems like they could go the route of other places and do burgers with unlimited fries for the same or slightly cheaper and let guests buy their drinks.
The combo system just feels too... fast food?
Overall I think it was a good burger but for 2 people it was about $3-5 higher than I'd expect to pay at other chain burger restaurants.
If Yelp allowed half stars, I'd go with 3.5.
Based on the descriptions "A-OK" seems more appropriate for me than "I'm a fan".

I go here about once a month for lunch and can say that I've never had anything but good service and great food.
Those new Coke machines are slick.

Good burgers, but expensive for a place where you get your food at the counter.
Without a coupon you could easily run up a bill the same as at Red Robin, which at least has waitstaff and refills on fries.
The burgers were a bit on the oily/greasy side and they sat really heavy, but they tasted good.
The toppings are fresh and fun- I love that they have malt vinegar out for the taking.
Overall, this is pretty decent but not fantastic.

We went for the exotic menu - buffalo, elk and ostrich offerings.
We have been trying to stick with a moderately paleo diet and thought that these burgers might just work for us.
I ordered the elk burger sans grill seasoning (contains gluten) without the bun.
The menu states that the game is grass and grain fed, so I am not sure how closely this falls to our paleo needs but we figured it was close enough for a Friday night cheat meal.
When the burgers were ready we hit the toppings bar and loaded up lettuce, onions, pico and pickles then made ourselves some burger wraps.
I will admit the elk was not quite the medium well I requested, it was quite well done but that's ok.
It also seemed to be very fatty considering it has "lean" in the menu description.
As I cut pieces off the fat cooled and congealed on my knife leaving a thick white coating of elk fat.
For the price I think next time I might just hit up Sprouts or the Meat Shop and get myself some truly grass fed meat and veggies to make wraps at home.
But for a lazy night Fuddruckers does the trick.

I hadn't been to Fuddruckers in a year or two...I was so disappointed!
The good.
Friendly staff.
Clean fixings bar.
Updated interior.
Cool soda machine.
The bad.
The burger itself seemed colorless grey and super greasy GREASY!
It was like it was precooked, and sat around in a steam table or something...and the bun seemed a little stale...definitely not the fresh baked that I remembered.
The hotdog was barely warm served on a VERY STALE bun.
The pico from the fixings bar hat ZERO flavor...it was basically chopped tomatoes and a few little pieces if onion.
NO CILANTRO, NO SALT AND PEPPER, BLAND!!!!
The arcade game (motorcycle one) ate everyone's money.
The manager returned our money, but commented that it happens all the time.
Awesome.
Get it fixed then.
Won't be going back.
Red Robin next time!

Amazing!!!!
Juicy burgers perfectly cooked to order.
Fast friendly service.
Plenty of choices and priced well for the quality!

I used to travel 4o weeks of the year for work.
While in Albuquerque teaching I used to take the class to Fuddruckers for lunch.
Easy to get in and out and the burgers were good.
Had not been to one in Phoenix for many years.
Recently we visited the one at Arrowhead.
If you have not been they will cook you a burger plain or have your choice of added (beacon, mushrooms, peppers, Ect.
) Then when you get the burger you put on the lettuce, tomato, more peppers, mustard, ketchup, Ect.
You have a choice of Beef, Buffalo, Elk.
Pricing is fair.
You will not spend more than most hamburger places.
The decor is early american roads.
(Road signs, old gas pumps,

This is where we always go for family gatherings etc.
because people can come and go as they need to, everyone can pay for themselves and the food is halfway decent.
That is except for tonight.
They ran out of cheese, didn't have any one-third pound burgers or any lids for kids cups.
I have a two-year-old so not having a lid for his cup is a real bummer.
Luckily, another party reserved the back area of the restaurant but never showed so we got to take over that entire area.
That made up for the other shortcomings!

Always like this place.
Fresh rolls and great fixin bar for the burgers.

Had to knock off some stars after our latest visit.
Things seem to have gone downhill since our last time here.
Right when we walked in the door we were hit with a foul smell, like rotten meat.
That was off-putting to say the least, and we nearly turned right around to leave, but my kid really wanted to eat there, so we went in.
The smell lessened somewhat but throughout our meal it came and went, which really made me regret staying.
Whoever was busing that day was not doing a great job.
"Cleared" tables were not wiped down, and chairs were left with crumbs and food litter.
The booth my kids chose had lettuce on the seats and crumpled paper towels in the corner.
When our food was ready, we went to the topping bar and saw that it was in a sorry state, not replenished, and also had a weird off smell.
The tomatoes looked old.
I steered clear of most of it, when I normally pile it on.
Over at the sauce/condiment counter, the dispensers looked old and nasty.
One of the push levers for the mayonnaise was broken inward.
The labels for the sauces were deteriorating and almost illegible.
I was shocked that they didn't have any regular mustard, until I finally noticed it was there, only the label sticker was completely faded.
On the other side of the condiment table, the counter was filthy with streaks of dried sauce.
The jalapeno cheese sauce had dried cheese on the spout and was super thick and hard to push out.
I abandoned that and got the regular cheese.
I also got some ranch, and frankly, the ranch tasted off that day too.
All of these negatives just left me with an overall sad feeling about the state of the place.
I really hope this was a one time thing or that things improve soon.
On a positive note, the food was perfectly cooked and great-tasting.
tldr:  It smelled like rotten meat.
Topping bar wasn't as fresh.
Sauce table was dirty.
Seats and tables were not wiped down.
Food was good, but that smell was too much.
Sad trombone.

World's Greatest Hamburgers !!
Love all the toppings you can put on.
Especially the melted cheese :).
Fuddruckers......World's Greatest Hamburgers.

Very inconsistent.
Sometimes it's great sometimes my medium rare burger comes out raw.
They have really jacked up their prices and reduce the sizes of the burgers.
2/3 combos for example the two thirds burger with three cheeses, is not on the menu anymore.

Tastiest burgers in town.
Nothing like the burgers here to feed an appetite.
Very high quality meet, drinks, hamburger bar for toppings, TVs.
Awesome deal.

My Garden Slider cooked medium rare was very rare, and the blue cheese over-powered any flavors from the sautéed vegetables.
The "sliders" was a 1/3 pound pattie cut in half, wrapped in iceberg lettuce leaves with sautéed veggies and blue cheese.
I would not order it again.
My husband had a bacon cheddar burger also medium rare, but his was cooked truly medium rare, and he thought it was excellent.
Fries were skin-on thick cut wedges and soft--good.
They welcome children with video arcade area and even child-sized handles to leave the restroom!

Had a great time with family and friends here.
Forgot to take a pic!
Had the ultimate grilled cheese and sweet potato fries.
Awesome!

Hadn't been to a Fuddruckers in probably 20 years and decided to go in yesterday.
The girl working the counter was very nice and helped explain the menu a bit.
The food was pretty good.
It wasn't the best burger I've had but it wasn't the worst.
The fries and shake were excellent.
I don't really have any complaints, the burger just didn't blow my shorts up.
I'll probably hit them up again.

Had a very poor experience last Friday.
The wait to place your order was long and when a second person opened a register, she was RUDE!
I ordered a turkey burger with no bun and a side salad (restricted diet) and she looked at me like I was crazy.
When I said I wanted a 1/4 lb patty, she grunted, one size only.
She omitted the cheese, even though I didn't ask for no cheese, and when I asked for salsa, pointed at the bar where I could get it myself.
I had never eaten here before, so I was unaware it was available me there, no need to be rude.
I was with two other people who ordered separate and by the time my dry, bland turkey party was called, my friends were done eating.
I was then appalled to see that the woman who was so rude to me at the counter was apologizing to a table near me for an error with their food, so I am assuming she was some sort of leader at the facility.
I am shocked that this woman was in any capacity to apologize for poor service.
The only good interaction I had was with a female busses with long brown hair who asked to remove dishes and appeared to be working very hard.
Needless to say, I will not be returning.

A bit pricey.
4 people  get out of there for $50 , less if you order water or share drinks.
I am not a kid but used to order from the kid menu because it's sufficiently sized for me , last time i was there you can't do that.
This used to be the pick of the pack.
The Arrowhead area has some stiff competition for dining.
This location has lost it's identity and pizazz it had before.
I would state the name of where I've been going mostly , but don't want to be flagged for being spam.
Until there are some major changes I won't be back.
A few ideas : Lower prices , better arcade , just to start.

Great concept though poorly executed, service was slow and borderline indifferent, fries served were old and when asked for fresh the response was not so service like.
OK for a quick visit though next time I'll go to Red Robin.

The worst dining experience I have ever had.
We thought we would grab a bite at fudruckers on 77th and bell.
Since kids eat for 99 cents on Monday with the purchase of a meal.
When I placed my order the shift leader or manager Miss Sansone seemed very angry and in a bad mood.
She attempted to take my order but messed it up.
Then barked at me that she was going to start all over.
She banged on the screen and banged things around then she gave me the total, I questioned why I didn't get the kids meal at 99 cents.
Well, that was it she flew into a rage and started yelling at me that I needed to read the sign and that it's not her fault that I couldn't read the sign right.
The she said she was having a great day until I came in.
I was in complete shock.
It was like if I didn't like whatever price she wanted to charge me then, though.
She even said as much.
Then it got worse, I said that I have never been treated so badly by anyone and that all I was trying to do is order.
At that point she turned around and shrugged, I said I need your name.
So she whipped around and took her name tag off and stuck it 1 inch from my face in a very aggressive manner.
Then she gathered all her staff and as I overheard her she very loudly complained about me questioning the  price of the bill.
Then the whole time I tried to have a  meal with my family she and her staff loudly laughed at my family and myself making gestures at me.
I finally pulled out my phone to get it all on video and photos.
Halfway through the meal we were too aggravated to sit through this awful experience and we just got up and left.
Then this awful human being followed me out to my car!!!!
My kids were crying!
All because I questioned why I didn't get a discount.
Some people should not be in customer service.
By the way a previous yelper had the an awful experience with the same person look up Melissa b.
's review.

I like this place!
It is not a 5 star burger place but it is a solid 4.
They use good meet, and even though it is not totally original, they let you feel like you are in control of how it is cooked and you top it yourself.
The atmosphere in the restaurant is kind of a throw back, and they generally have some good music....although I did hear a Morrissey song, but I was able to block it out.
Its not quite a 50 dinner theme but it is worth taking a look at.
I would for sure go for the 2/3 burger and from there the toppings are up to you.

After my last visit, I have to wonder why anyone would spend their money at this restaurant.
With the many FINE quality burger joints In the area, this by far is sub par.
Once a nice place to take the family is now run by a crew of misfits starting at the top.
When taking one step in this eatery it's painfully obvious there is tension among the staff, making for an uncomfortable experience from the get go.
I over heard fowl language from "Savana"?
I believe her name was.
When I have a small child with me this is not what I want them to hear.
I asked another employee who was tending to the condiment station who was the manager and they pointed to a short blond young woman who's appearance left something to be desired.
I decided then & there I would observe before speaking with her...just as I thought.
She too conducted herself like a child & not like a leader.
I have spent the better of 30 years in a profession where I was required to notice small details.
These details tell a lot about a person, situation or environment.
Fuddruckers fell short in all areas.
If the "feel" is off when u enter a place the meal is less enjoyable.
I hardly noticed the quality of food because i was so put off by the first 10 minutes.
The food was somewhat enjoyable, but nothing like it used to be.
I feel as though if I'm going to pay 12 bucks for a burger meal, it should be served to me.
(I can go across the street & get a nice steak dinner for 10 bucks!
) With that being said, if everything is spectacular, these are the little things I'd over look.
The charm of the place, if u will...I can get a cheaper, better tasting burger in 5 other places with in a mile of Fudds.
Overall this place need a complete makeover from management to menu.
If u don't care about your restaurant then why should I?
I sure hope this place can be saved,  it once was a great fun family spot!

I like how you can pick what you want on your burger.
Good service, good food.
Would definitely come back again.

