Wow - An old-school Pizza Hut - just like where Mom used to take us in 82'.
Not one of these new high-tech / high-style Pizza Huts - or God forbid a freaking Taco Bell/ Pizza hut combo!
This is an authentic old-school classic Pizza Hut Restaurant with the same red roof, a salad bar, waitress service, video games, and old red booths.
Well worth the drive to bum fuck egypt once in awhile.

We just moved to Buckeye, (Verrado) and was experience was awesome, Yes its in Downtown Buckeye, not a nice place to say the least, but its worth the experience.

4.00 for a bottle of beer.....ridiculous.
Bring back the draft beer!!!!!!!
The two stars are for the forever great pizza, just don't find pleasure in eating it there with over priced bottled beer.

Horrible customer service, the server was too busy watching tv in the dining room to even acknowledge my presence.
I was going to give them a second chance after the last time I got hot wings from there and ended up in bathroom for the next 24 hours.

This review could have easily been a 1 star but because of the professionalism and the customer service I received from Carla, it is now a 5 start review.
I placed my order this evening and was informed there was a much longer than normal wait time.
That was a bit upsetting but I was willing to wait.
When I ordered a pan pizza, I was then told that they were out of pan pizzas.
Grant it I called at 9:30 pm and it was close to closing time, but with a $10 for any pizza, they should have been prepared and had extra dough prepared.
I asked to speak to a manager so I could complain.
I was expecting lame excuses and apologies but I was so pleasantly surprised!
Carla, the manager on duty, did apologize but she did not try to give me a song and dance.
She was honest with me and that goes a long way.
She handled my complaint so well that I decided to go ahead and order anyways.
She offered me a substantial discount for the trouble that I experienced and for that I am thankful.
If every manager could learn how to handle customer complaints with the same amount of honesty and understanding as Carla did this evening, the world would be a much better place.
A little but of humility and honesty goes a long way and is very much appreciated.
Thank you Carla for renewing my faith in customer service.

No more salad bar, what a joke.
It would be nice to see new owners for this place that cared for customer service.
Hate to say it but must, typical Buckeye.

