This place is so nice!
I went here to have all four of my wisdom teeth removed.
So I had dental insurance through my university and it was going to end in a few weeks.
I called around to a bunch of places and none of them had openings in time or they required some referral.
I found the Arizona Center and they were able to schedule me the same week!
First off, the office is very nice, its decorated very well with comfortable furniture, and even a wine fridge full of mini Arrowhead waters.
It definitely doesn't look like a dentist's office.
My first appointment was a consultation.
First I was put into a room to watch a short 25 minute video explaining the surgery.
Later on the dentist himself actually came to talk to me to see if I had any questions.
This was very reassuring to me as the previous place I had gone to did not explain anything to me at all.
Also, the center only offers the kind of anesthesia where you are completely under which is a plus since I would not want to be awake during that.
The next time I was there was to have my surgery.
On that day, you are required to have someone drive you home.
I think I had my xrays done that day or maybe it was during the consultation day.
Anyway, it was over before I knew it!
I woke up groggy but without pain.
For the next two days, I had soft foods.
My doctor prescribed me painkillers and a steriod.
I also had to use mouthwash after every meal.
I healed fine without a dry socket or any other complications.
I saw the doctor about two weeks later for a followup.
It was nice that it was actually the doctor who examined me and not an assistant.
I said I was still taking the painkiller (generic Vicodin) and he wrote me another prescription in case I needed it.
And that was it!
A major surgery (for me at least) done so simply and headache free.
I would definitely recommend but there's no real reason for me to go back there since they specialize in surgery.

I was referred here by my dentist for a problem where a small sliver of my jawbone had cracked off, causing pain an inflammation in my gum and molar area.
My Dentist called them from his office, and they actually took me in right away, the same day- so that was great.
Upon arrival I found the office to be nicely appointed and having a pleasant atmosphere.
The staff was professional and caring.
Not to stiff- not too bored.
Dr. Hoaglin treated me.
After examining me and my x-rays he took the time to explain exactly what was going on, and how he was going to fix it.
During treatment he always verbalized what he was doing, and checked that I was OK.
I appreciated his bedside manner.
Overall it was a great experience (that's hard to say when it involves oral surgery...).
I do recommend them.

I had an infection under a root canal and opted to have the "nub" of a left over tooth pulled and Dr. Lines do a Dental Implant.
It was a process, of which I am thrilled with the end result.
I appreciated the honesty and professionalisim of Dr. Lines and his staff.
I know a lot of people that travel south of the border for cheaper dental work, but peace of mind and this wonderful technology with not a single problem made my Dental Implant experience worth every penney.
I highly recommend the Arizona Center for Implant and Facial and Oral Surgery!!
Belinda P.

dr hoaglin and his staff are excellent .i strongly recommend him .

i am not much of a yakity yak patient .but.....what dr. hoaglin  and his attractive surgical  and assistant  nurses  made the whole implant procedure  painless ,,,,,,,,thank  you dr .hoaglin    .................. raif...

I went in many months ago for a consultation.
Then returned yesterday with a cracked tooth.
They got me in right away and as others have said, Dr. Hoaglin is great.
He told me what needed to be done and proceeded once I was numb and ready for extraction.
It was a tough extraction, but I went from popping Advil like candy, to barely feeling anything in the blink of an eye.
Not cheap, but you get what you pay for!
I will definitely be back!

