My name is Nikki E Williams, and today on Jan 4 2011, around 7pm-715pm, I was treated very rudely from the cashier name Jenny.
I was trying to buy Smokes at my local Shell Station, as me and my family is regular customers.
Because I was buying smoking ' and I am of legal age' was denied smokes, because of my friend son came into the store with me.
Only when I brought in my friend mother was we able to buy smokes, this is the first time even in my 29 years of life have i even been treated like this before.
Also after we left, my friend husband came in right after us and Christen, and Jenny was making rude comments about me and my friend mother, calling us dumb people.
As being a a person that deal with customer services on a regular basis, with the people health in Goodyear Az, I wouldn't think that u would have working at Shell, due to your reputation of being one of the best company according to the BBB, cashiers that would treat a loyal customer for many years, so badly and rudely.
I have never experiences this before, nor have my friend Dr. Alison Lehmbeck, and since this incident at the Elliot market located at 17750 W Elliot Rd Goodyear, AZ 85338, I nor our friend and family that lives in Estrella Mountain, WILL NOT ever plan to spend a single dime again at your establishment again, or any of the Shell locations again.
And perhaps next time u want to have cashiers calling us dumb people, make sure they don't have degrees behind the names, and will a lot more than 8.75 a hour,

One star for convenience/location.
The short haired older lady is extremely rude.
I was there today to get change for a $10 bill.
She rolled her eyes at me, handed it to me and didn't say one word despite me being super friendly.
I hope she's not the manager/owner.
That would be sad.
When I do need a convenience store and spend my $$.....I'll plan ahead & do it before I come up the hill.

Convenient for gas.
Though it's slightly over priced compared to gas stations near town.
Air for tires is free, big plus.
And you can fill up your propane tank, also big plus.

