I am just providing a review for the Mother and Infant Care Department only, since my wife has just had our second baby delivered here.
We really enjoy our stay at this hospital.
The facility is very clean and nice.
Room are good size with shower box inside bathroom, so you can take shower during your stay and care for the mom.
During the stay, Mom and the caregiver are entitle to have breakfast, lunch, and dinner for free.
All you have to do is call and place your orders.
The foods are quite quality and the portions are decent.
I am really impressed with this.
The nurses are all knowledgeable, caring, and nice.
They are always there when you call them and need them.
Since this is our second child, it works out perfectly that the nurses only come by when we call them or when they do their routine checks.
So, the rest of the time you are left alone to rest.
The hospital where my first child was born was different.
They let lots of interns and students come to our rooms all the times for training, so we were constantly bothered.
However in my opinion, if it is your first child, you may find that having people around all the time could help you not to worry too much (since we all know nothing when the first child come).
The reason I didn't give this hospital 5 star is just because our discharge was taking so long.
We thought we would be out by 11 AM, but we didn't get out until 3 PM...
They said that because it was on Sunday.
I think it make sense.
Overall, I do recommend this hospital for any new mother.

Having Lupus, I am a regular in emergency rooms.
What can I say, I need to marry a doctor this next time around!
I didn't appreciate that I had to remind them over and over that I had a morphine allergy, and what happens when I have morphine.
As well as screaming in pain and being told that "it's all in my head"!!
Really?!
Ok, whatever...
Lesson learned, the doctor was great, the nurses as well, but the triage and desk girl, awful.
They really need to be more "patient" ( no pun intended!
) with patients, not all of us are in there for a drug fix, educate yourselves bout Lupus and be nicer to your patients, without us, you wouldn't have a job.

Two weeks ago I had major surgery and received the best care from my doctor Dr. Bujak and the 3rd floor team Ashley, Carolyn, Elva and others.
I had never been admitted in the hospital before in my life (42yrs) and was very afraid.
Even more afraid because of the bad talk about West Valley.
Today I can say that you can't always go by what you hear.
The staff was professional, kind, caring, helpful, concerned, gentle, sweet and knew how to take care of me.
I actually didn't want to leave when it was time because I was treated so well.
Thank you again 3rd floor team!
Tanya~

Took my mom on  10/3/12 to this hospital and I can only said, I have never had such as bad experience in another hospital like I did on this,  ER staff including the doctors very unprofessional, rude, more interested n texting than doing there job, had to take my mom out because they refuse to transfer her to another hospital, stay away from this place..

One of my favorite places to work!
Great staff and clean hospital.

If I could give this place 0 stars I would.
Let me just start off by saying we only ran into 2-3 people that seemed to care for us or explain / know the situation out dad was in for a whole week.
We ran into issues with conflicting doctors causing us to stay and our loved one to not have solid food for a week straight.
They ran out of needed medical equipment and then debated on procedures some more.
No one properly explained what was going to happen until a day or so before discharge and nothing was fixed.
When we did our follow up and were still having major medical issues we were advised to go to another hospital by our surgeon.
The difference is night and day and I will never go through the emergency process in another abrazo facility ever again.
The cna's gave us the best care we received.
The staff of doctors seemed to forget we were even there or that they needed to resolve our issue.
They were also lost when it came to explaining what needed to happen and what was happening.
We are in the process of filing a negative report to hospital management.
I would suggest to avoid this place for long term emergency care.

My wife had to go to er due to extreme stomach pain.
The er staff diagnosed her with diverticulitis and had her admitted and put on antibiotics.
We found the hospitalist very difficult to communicate with.
The long and short of it is: my wife was discharged on th e7th day there and within a week was in St. Josephs hospital where she was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer.
She passed away from the cancer 90 days after the diagnosis.
How can a person go to an er (west valley) and be diagnosed with diverticulitis and not the cancer?
The locals in the west valley have nicknamed the place death valley hospital.

I went to West Valley Hospital when I had a kidney stone about 9 months ago and had the worst experience ever.
Their emergency room made me wait 2.5 hours even though I told them I was in extreme pain (in tears).
They didnt care about me and just looked at me like I was some type of drug attic.
Once they did the CAT scan and saw that I did have a kidney stone they were a little nicer but It still took forever to get some medicine.
I had two lypotripsies to remove stones (7mm and 10mm) after this and requested both times that I go to Banner Estrella because of the way I was treated at West Valley.
I recommend that you teach your staff to care for their patience, care for their needs and to not treat them as criminals.
Everyone I talk to in the goodyear area has had a bad experience with this hospital.
Recommend that you go to Banner Estrella instead.
I are super compassionate.
Thank You.

I had a bad experience with this hospital.
I took my boyfriend to the ER in July because he was having severe pain on his right side by his abdomen, so severe that he passed out from the pain.
We got there at 3:30 am and didn't get a room until about 6 hours later although we were told there were plenty of rooms available.
I was trying to explain to the Dr. we initially spoke to that my boyfriend thought the issue was caused by his appendix, because his mother also had the same symptoms he had, and hers had ruptured while she was hospitalized, along with a few other family members as well.
Basically addressing my concerns.
While sitting and waiting with my boyfriend, I overheard the Dr. saying to a lady at the front desk, "I think we have a doctor over here" (referring to me) in a very sarcastic tone, and the lady responding back with "Be nice".
When we got his room a day later, another nurse who was getting my boyfriend prepped for surgery was incredibly rude to me, instead of kindly being told I couldn't bring our daughter up to his room for safety reasons (which I completely didn't think about at the time, being under a lot of stress due to my boyfriend's condition), gave me unnecessary attitude and was a complete jerk.
My boyfriend's mother and I looked at one another in shock at the treatment I received.
My boyfriend was there for a few days, because none of the doctors could figure out what was wrong with him.
He was convinced he had appendicitis.The surgeon finally consulted with my boyfriend and decided that if he truly thought he had appendicitis, they would remove the appendix.
A day after the surgery, no more pain in that area!
There were some really nice nurses as well, and the surgeon was very polite and actually took our concerns into account.
However, most of the service we received was horrible and I would not recommend this hospital to anyone.
Go to Banner Estrella instead, they have consistently good service.

Being new to the area,West Valley's negative reputation wasn't known to me.
It is now.
I'm a retired nurse of 18 years and I taught nursing for 8 years.
I came to the WV ER on a Sunday and excerised my right to refuse treatment nearly 5 days a later and signed myself out.
I had burst a cyst on a kidney with complications.
To start with they have two rules I don't get.
Shaving razors aren't given to the men and they utilize unisex underwear.
I was told shaving razors posed a safety threat to men on blood thinners.
Somehow the kitchen won't let one order salty food but the pharmacy can't figure out how to flag people on blood thinners.
All I'll say about unisex underwear is it's dehumanizing and when used with a device, uncomfortable.
Their shampoo is foaming agent and water.
The beds are terrible.
One's head lies over automatic electric motor that shifts the pressure dynamics of the matteress to prevent bed sores.
Great for the skin, but bad for sleep.
Overall, I felt I was in a jar that was looked at 1-2 times a day, then put on a shelf.
For the next 24 hours I was confined to a bed with nothing to do but watch TV.
After four nights without much information, a shave or a good feeling what was going on, my back started to hurt.
I sure didn't want to give WV something else to fix.
Of course, there were many great, efficient staff, but many of the staff appear to have the affect that they were doing jobs beneath their status.
Waiting 2 hours for a chicken salad sandwich with luke warm ice tea is purposeful neglect.
I wouldn't let these people trim my hedges.

I recently had a baby here and couldn't be happier with the hospital.
Every single person I encountered in my 4 days was excellent.
The Maternity ward nurses were spectacular.
The doctors I dealt with were so caring and thorough.
I ended up having an emergency while there and everything went well.

