I've had pleasant experiences eating here.
The food is pretty good and greasy.
The price...can't beat it.
My only concern is cleanliness.
The last time I ate there the bathroom had crickets dead and alive all over the ground.
Not appetizing!
I've also heard from certain folks (more than 3) that they have found bugs in their food.
Well, it's under new management now and the place has really shaped up!
Give it a chance!

I went here while visiting my dad, he really likes this place but then he hardly gets real homemade food at home.
Place is in old town Buckeye, I think it's the entrance.
The food was ok, ribs were really dry needed way more BBQ sauce, and hardly any meat.
I had 2 plates, my torta was good, the burger was just average cheese was not the best and fries were so-so.
I dint pay so I dint mind.

Love this place!
It is very affordable and great food.
We've lived in Buckeye for 7 years and go there 2-3 times a month.
A must if you are visiting Buckeye.

Have you checked their health inspections?
I did after eating there and will never eat there again.
The food was nasty!
So is the cleanliness...nasty!
Buckeye needs a good Mexican Rest.
but this is not it.

I usually only come here for the Chicken Greek Salad, which is hit or miss if its really good or not.
I love the chips n salsa.
The other night my mom and I went there,decided to get the Mexican food..
HUGE mistake!
I should have known better because I didn't like it before...
I like to give 2nd chances.
The beans are disgusting!
Rice was cold, taco, not so good..
Very disappointed...
I will stick to La Placita in Buckeye when it comes to Mexican food.
They really need tp paint the walls, it's horrible and looks unclean.

I was looking for a place that served Gyro's and this place serves them.
I ordered mine to go so I cannot comment on the wait service but the taste of the gyro meat was pretty good.
I was a little put off by the overall condition and cleanliness of the place, I did not see any bugs but would not have been surprised if one came strutting out of the back at any moment.
It just didn't look clean and although I did like the Gyro, I have decided not to return because I have a feeling it is not very clean and that means the food is probably in nasty conditions in the back, I would suggest they clean and make the place look better with some nicer furnishing and maybe some paint and bleach.
Just sayin'.

