Great community of people - love the outreach to the community!

It's a place of worship...
Need I say more!

Pastor Greg is awesome!
Music gets you off your seat.
Every service is impactful in some way or another.
If you have not been to church in awhile, this could be the place that will keep you coming back for more!

Resembles too much to a place of entertainment & modern day business...not much a place of worship.

Amazing place full of amazing people doing amazing things...Home of the best Pastor I have ever had!
Open to everyone and non-judgemental.

My first visit I saw a slam poet Hosanna Wong (SHE ROCKS) and  Pastor Greg playing Angry Birds.
It was an experience.
Im going again this weekend because Hosanna will be there.

My children love this church.
My younger kids get to go down a small slid into their classroom.
The older kids really learn about God and despite it being a bigger church get that special attention for their age levels.
Everyone is so friendly.
They don't overwhelm you either.
Better yet they even hold Saturday church services along with Sunday services.
And joke they realize people don't want to miss NFL Sunday games.
My husband really loves that.
Lol.
We are making it a habit to go every Saturday.
My oldest even asked for her old pink bible.
She wants to take it with her.
Made this mama proud.

I absolutely love this church.
It's the new way to worship.
Very engaging and full of amazing people.
Very fun, educational, and entertaining.
Most of all its a great place to worship.

Beautiful church, very welcoming congration, and awesome preaching!
If I had to nick-pick I would say that the worship was a little too show-y for me, too theatrical.
But every one worships in their own way.

Wonderful church

Wonderful church full of wonderful messed up people.

Church was wonderful today but it would of been better if you would of been there also.
Cool statement I heard today was "Church is a hospital for sinners not a hotel for saints"

Love Pastor Greg!
The manner in which God uses Him to serve others and reach others with the truth is what has kept me returning despite the ups and downs of life and the enemy's attempt at keeping me away or pushing me out.
God is big, the spirit is moving,  and people are experiencing freedom through Christ here.

Awesome Church!
The Pastors are great.
Pastor Greg Rohlinger is an amazing man and his family is just as amazing.
One of the best Church's that I have been apart of.
We will definitely miss this Church, when we move to the eastside.

Enjoy the praise and worship.
The pastor always has a good message.

Been coming here since I was 13!
I love this church.
Everyone is so friendly and the Children's services are great as well.

