This place gets 5 stars for their 8 sand volleyball courts, which are lit up at night until around 11pm (or later if you're playing with someone who works there).
Supposedly you have to pay a $2 entrance fee at the gate sometimes, but there was no one charging admission there tonight.
They also have baseball/softball, batting cages (pay per use), and a bar/lounge area.
Great place to play some volleyball at night during the hot Arizona summer.

This place gets a 4.5 Stars!
I played on these fields twice for softball tournaments.
One was for the ASA softball Worlds that they hosted and the other was most recently the ASA Hispanic Worlds Tournament.
Both experiences have been great.
Several well kept softball fields, sand volleyball courts, batting cages and bar/lounge area were one can have accessibility to watch the games.
It seems to have ample parking lot, so I don't think parking will be a problem.
I believe there is an entrance fee of $3.00 dollars.
At Big League Dreams they charge $3.00 for entrance fee, but they give you a free drink token as well.
I don't recall Victory Lane doing that.
Overall great park and environment!
A great sports venue!!

We played here yesterday for our annual Chili's softball tournament.
The park is perfect for baseball, softball, or volleyball tournaments with a plethora of fields for each sport.
They have batting cages that you can use while you wait for your next game.
I'm not sure how much these were but I couldn't imagine them being very expensive.
The only issue I had was their lack of first aid.
I was pretty scraped up from a couple rough slides and I had nothing to cover my injuries.
I would highly recommend bringing some first aid equipment if you plan on playing here.
Also, the umpires were a little, uh, interesting is a good term.
A couple looked (and acted) like drug addicts, one made slightly uncomfortable comments to me at catcher, and another called a couple of the players names.
I really like the park in itself though, and I wouldn't mind playing here again.

Victory Lanes is the premier venue for outdoor volleyball in the valley.
They have 8 courts and keep them in good shape.
Many of the organizations in the valley run a number of different types of volleyball tournaments here from week to week and they also have an open play draw tournament on Friday nights during the warmer months.
It is nice to be able to play, grab a beers, maybe some food and enjoy the nice AZ weather.
You will have to pay a small fee to get in the park (normally $2.00) and they have open play most of the time that there is not a tournament going on.
The only real problem is it's location in relationship to the valley.
It is so far north that it is a long drive for many of the volleyball players, so you don't always have much pick up play from night to night.

Some of the best softball fields in the valley.
Dirt is compact & smooth, grass is mowed and relatively flat.
So nice to see manicured fields!
They are also very well lit at night.
Seriously annoying though?
Paying $2 to get in each time, even though I've already paid to play on my fastpitch team.
Our team payed $360 to play an eight week season (came out to ~$40 per person) so I wish they would have included admission price in our team fee...paying to get in every time on top of the team registration fee is adding up quickly.
I understand that they probably pay a lot to keep their fields nice & the overall complex is very nice, but I guess I just don't understand why this admission price wasn't included in our registration fee.
I would have rather paid more upfront & gotten a free admission pass...would have made the team registration fee feel more valuable.
The $2 admission price is a fair price and perfectly suitable for non-participants or those who haven't paid for a league and are looking to join a game that needs players or wants to use the batting cage, etc.
Sigh.

Victory Lane has become my second home.
My son plays travel baseball.
He practices at Victory Lane, he plays in a weekly league at VL, and this Labor Day Weekend he played 5 games there in 3 days.
Compared to most ballparks Victory Lane is a standout with 6 ball fields, a club house and two snack bars.
The 6 ball fields are well kept "softball style" (dirt infields) with nice green grass.
Lighting at night is better than a city park.
No city run facility that I know of in the Phoenix area compares.
Compared to Big League Dreams some 50 miles across town, Victory Lane has only one clubhouse (instead of two) with less seating.
This means its harder to hide from the heat in the summer.
The big difference though is the lack of pavement at Victory Lane.
This is one dusty place.
Other little things to note: Good: There's quite a few sand volleyball courts, the clubhouse food is pretty good, the view from the clubhouse is great, there's batting cages.
Bad: Everybody pays $2-3 admission to get in even if on a league team, lines at the west snack bar are ridiculously long, the shade has improved over the years but the covers are still less than 100%.
This is the best ballpark north and west valley, but it could be better.

This is great place for major tournaments for kids.
My Son played there a ton of times and we loved going there.
Now that he is older and is playing in a league that plays during the week in the evening it is completely different.
I have to agree with everyone else regarding the fee that even the players have to pay to get in.
They already pay fees that are collected by Victory Lanes, why isn't that enough?
They make plenty of money off the overpriced concession food.
The other really "disturbing" issue for me and a ton of other people is the smoking and the drinking thats allowed.
My daughter and I sat and watched a couple sitting not far from us do things that should have been done behind closed doors and there were quite a few smaller children around.
This transpired after they sat and drank multiple beers and smoked a ton of cigarettes.
Granted the smoking had nothing to do with their actions, but there were mothers with kids in strollers that moved to get away from the smoke, and they had been situated with their children for the first game that was played and had to find other seating because of this.
Smoking in the dugouts???
Really???
I would think the majority of sports minded people wouldn't want to breathe in cigarette smoke,  I know this is the case for my son...and why is it ok for that to be forced upon other players that don't smoke....especially with all the health issues that come along with second hand smoke?
I am really disappointed.
I guess, drinking and smoking go hand and hand and is a money maker for you?
I had a very bad experience asking someone to please move because he came over to the picnic table I was sitting at and decided to light up.
My daughter has major medical issues and I asked him very politely if he would please move.
His response to me was "why should I have to move".....
really???
Do I really need to explain myself.... this is a man at least in his late 50's...and still has to be disrespectful?
He didn't stop there,  he told me if I was going to be sarcastic with him then he would stay right where he was and smoke all he wanted.
Adults wonder why there are so many issues with children in this world...
I don't, too many idiots like this guy.
Smoking and drinking are not great examples for kids.
Leagues typically do not even allow smoking or drinking around kids because of this reason, so why is it allowed at all in the park.
The ballpark is beautiful, and always very clean.
How about designated smoking area's?
How about clearly marking those area's?
Make signs at the entry of the park stating smoking in designated areas only.
Last week when my smoking neighbor left,  he left at least 20 cigarette butts all over the area.
Do your employees really like cleaning that nasty mess up.
You search bags for alcohol, and only allow 2 gallons of water in the park per person, no other outside beverages, but you allow smoking and drinking in the park.
but a child can't bring juice from home?
Makes so much sense.
All about the dollar bill.
Designate smoking area's, I'm sure it won't cure the issue, but if you post it, make it as aware as you do other issues than maybe you can have some control.

Came to play in the Hispanic Men's tournament.... turned in our roster weeks in advance and came to play....after the first two games they started pulling players .....our manager asked for his $ back if they where going to have any more problems with our team, and they said no your good to play....Played our third and final game for the day and where told we played again on Sunday at 11 am....leave the park and get to our hotel and are informed by our manager that they told him, "you played your guaranteed 3 games and you're no longer welcome to come back tomorrow.
"   WTH...why not just let us leave after the 1st or 2nd game???
FYI if ur going to hate on a Cali team then don't open ur tournament to everyone....top two teams CA & CA

A-OK is a "depends" rating ... for little kids the fields are fine.
Super dusty and the raised areas between fields is odd.
Artificial mounds -- I understand WHY they use them, but it's a disadvantage for baseball beyond 10-12 year olds.
I like the multi-purpose layout and options -- batting cages, ball fields, play areas for kids, sand volleyball.
Was there in November, so didn't need any air conditioning and shade for cooling off wasn't much of an issue.
The field lighting was great!

Love this place.
Fun for sports lovers.
The volleyball courts have nice sand and are great for workouts too.
Friendly staff and fun environment.
Lots of fields and Jersey's Sports Bar is cool with jerseys and memorabilia.

Very nice sports facility.
Has multiple softball fields for both softball and kick ball leagues.
Also has batting cages along with sand volleyball courts.

I really hate writing a bad review, especially for a place like this because I feel like it benefits a lot of people, but I have never been treated more rudely!
My friends and I regularly came here to play sand volleyball and it was always such a blast because you could bring out pitchers of beer to drink while playing.
We never had any problems; we'd give them our ID and they'd give us a ball.
Last night we arrived, expecting to do the same thing we do every time.
We went into the main office to get a ball.
We could see a lady sitting toward the back at a computer, so we rang the bell.
She literally looked at us, got up, and left the room through the back door.
(There is a food area behind the door where they serve their food and drinks).
We waited about 5-10 minutes, rang the bell a couple times, but no one came back.
One of us went around to the food area to let them know we needed help.
The same lady came back, looking annoyed.
We said we needed a volleyball and she started off right away with an attitude asking us if we'd rented a court.
We explained that we'd never had to rent a court and we usually just swapped an ID for a ball with no problem.
She explained you had to reserve and rent a court which cost $(I forget how much).
I asked if that was only on the weekends (we came on a Friday and usually had come on Thursdays in the past).
She rudely said no and that she had been working there the longest and knew all the rules.
Not that we were questioning her, I was just confused as to why we never had the issue before.
She then said she'd call her manager (not sure why).
She got on the phone for about two seconds and then walked out the back door again.
We waited for another 10 minutes and no one came back!
The lady had never even asked if we wanted to reserve a court or anything, was just absolutely rude.
10 minutes later another guy comes in looking surprised that people were waiting.
By this time, there was another lady with her son who just wanted to return their bat they had swapped for their ID.
She said she ran into issues of waiting for help multiple times.
The guy explained to us the same thing about the courts.
My husband was trying to ask how we would go about reserving a court so we could play and he was just as rude, so we left.
All we wanted to do was play volleyball and we would have happily paid, knowing that was the rule, but no way will I give my money to a place that treats people with such disrespect.
It is not our fault that their staff aren't on the same page about their rules.
They definitely need to fire and re-hire people with some manners.

The fields are ok.
The cook is show as hell.
I am missing my sons game.
Get more help.
You have cloth baseball and a kickball tournament.

This is a great complex that offers enough shade to keep you from getting too much sun, misters to keep you cool (if wanted to step in the direction of!
) A bar/grill that isn't anything great BUT nice having the choice of having a little better selection of food other than game food; hotdog, pretzel, soda, ect..
I like the layout, I LOVE the future plan of a field for the disabled children (so so neat), and I liked the cleanliness of the bathrooms/complex....
MINUS the no clean at all bar area.
Everything about being up on the deck/in the bar was very dirty.
First off a dead baby bird on the deck (REALLY?!
EWW) and the doors/everything you touch having horrible horrible amounts of dirty finger prints/sweat caked on.
Yes, I understand it was a busy day for softball but a little touching up throughout the day...... Not hard.

