probably one of the coolest places in phoenix - basically a country dive bar with impressive Karaoke, shuffleboard and really good free pop corn.
Great if you're looking for a low key/ nonScottsdale experience.

Took a little trip to Roman's a couple of weeks ago to drink a few beers and listen to music.
If you are going, get there early because the drink prices go way up at 9pm.
We have been a couple of other times and always have fun.
You will see all sorts of people there and everyone seems to get along.
The food and drinks are good and so is the service and music.
Worth making a visit if you can.

I've been here many times when in town for business.
I travel with a large group of co-workers from the LA area and we have been known to frequent this place.
On our last trip I went in with a group of 6.
Despite 2 of the older gentlemen of our group getting completely wasted and knocking over other patrons beers, the management had no problem with their debauchery.
All in my group where white except for our asian friend.
Low and behold he was the only one to get cut off and then physically removed from the bar.
It was so horrible!!!
It was apparent after the others' bad behavior and my asian friend's always chill attitude, that it was racism at it's best.
That is not an accusation I make lightly and can't remember the last time I called an establishment racist.
Just beware if you aren't white.
I love the honkey tonkin' of this place, but felt sick about discrimination.

My husband, my friends and I LOVE Roman's.
Not only are the staff just good, down to Earth people, but the crowd is nothing if not entertaining.
We always have a great time!
The ONLY downfall is that it's a cash only bar.

Went to Roman's again this past weekend.
Had a great time.
We'll miss Exit 195!
(the band) Again, the patrons were very entertaining, (not to mention amusing).
We'll be back

Romans is the double wide of bars, reminds me of the old days of livin in the trailer park!
Seriously though, it seems very possible it started as one and they just kept adding rooms on to it, a sczitophrenic's dream.
You can walk from one room to the next, live band, karaoke, uhh what were the other rooms again?
I enjoyed myself, I dont live close so I dont get out there very much.
Though after spending $6 on each beer and $9 per shot of Jager, I'll probably stick closer to home.
One more side note.. what do I select for parking, "Dirt Lot" isnt listed?

Very good dive bar that can hold half the town.
Good spot and it is only blocks away which make it my spot to go for a drink.
I did go this Saturday  though and it was super super packed with college age kids and was just not my scene.
I will be back many times just don't think I'll go on the weekends unless I'm in the mood to be around a lot of people.

A good time had by all.
What a blast.
One side is country with a live band on Saturday and the other side was hip hop and karaoke, so you could mix it up all night.
It is a cash only bar, but $2.75 for a beer wasn't that bad.
It went up to $3.75 when the band started playing.
There was a ton of different type of people there, young and old.
It was really fun and there was no drama or fights.
We will definitely be back.
AWESOME!

So far, I think I found my second home.
although I say that after many beers and shots.
Lol.
This is a classic old school bar.
Wonderful!
Shady characters, hot countryfied bar tenders and actual cowboy hats!
Be warned, although this place has charm, its no Applebees or Olive Garden thank God!
I ordered beef tacos and a salad and both where great - for bar food.
After a few beers and a shot, it tasted fantastic lol!
I'll be back!
They only accept cash so bring some.
There is an ATM but stop by the bank if you can.

"Back in the day" I took Roman a hood from a race car.
It was from a "Bondurant Orange Mustang"... Roman liked it, and he added it to the collection of racing stuff on the walls.
It's still there today.
Or at least the last time I was there.
But I had to look for it.
Roman invited us to go to Indy and watch Tony Stewart, who at the time was running in the IRL...
I didn't take him up on it.
But I'm sure that would have been a heck of a trip!
Never been to Roman's?
Do you remember Gilley's from Urban Cowboy?
Remember the movie Porky's... Well, Roman's Oasis is kind of like that.
Roman has put together a real "hole in the wall" that is authentic and fun.

I have found my favorite dive bar on the west side .....
I went with my bf and a couple of friends and this place was an absolute people-watchers dream come true!
All ages are welcome here from your barely legal to just starting a family to retired and everywhere in between :)  Drink prices are fantastic and this place is way bigger than you would think.
There were three completely separate bar areas and it was huge.
Karaoke night on Fridays!
They advertise off-track betting but I didn't see it (nor did I look too hard)  Cash only!

One may wonder why in the heck I'm giving a dive bar 5 stars.
Well...that's my point.
It's a dive bar but that's mostly just it's outer core it's facade!
Been driving by this place for years and always wanted to venture inside to see what a place that has a huge rooster out front, with an M&M on the roof, and a Captain Morgan pirate striking its pose on the front porch.
The parking lot is always packed.
Something has GOT to be good about this place right?!
Plus, the sign out front stating they have the most World's Famous Chili got me wondering too.
We recently moved closer to it and on our first night living in our new place, we realized it was Friday Fish Fry Night.
I must admit, I was a bit nervous to step inside wondering what type of folk were awaiting us.
At first we couldn't find the entrance...was it door #1, door #2, or door #3?
Hmmmmm.
I'll let you go on the same adventure I did and figure that out for yourself.
Yes there are the type of people that you always see in a dive bar present in Roman's.
And yes, the decor is divey.
But one must overlook that because their fish fry is the BEST I've had in the valley.
It will run you about $9, but you get 3 really nice sized cod fillets breaded and fried to a perfect crisp.
Not soggy.
Not dried out.
Perfectly cooked and tasty.
It comes with coleslaw which I think is pretty decent for a dive bar...could use a little more celery see or even dill.
The fries are decent as well, not bad, again, for a dive bar.
They also give 2-3 hushpuppies, which I've never had included with a fish fry before.
I really don't like hushpuppies at all...but the seasoning they add to their version is PERFECT!
And just like the fish, they are cooked just right.
We've been back one other time since and it was just as good.
We plan to continue going back and bringing any of our friends and family members that visit too.

Ive been in this bar a million times.. Love it!
Down to earth.
Mixture of every type of person you can think of.
Good music to dance to on the weekends.
Food is great.
Karaoke..
Always have loved this down home bar.

I have been to this place once and it was really nice, but I've heard that it is really great, so now I'm going to have to go again and really get into the groove.

I absolutely love this bar!!
Everyone is so friendly whenever I go there.
They have darts, shuffleboard, karaoke, live bands, and dancing.
I definitely recommend going here!!
The only catch is they only take cash

Love a good dive bar.
Cheap beer and off-track betting!
Haven't had anything else there and I was only there in the late afternoon, but this is my kind of hangout.

Order a chili and a cheese burger.
End of story.
Cash only.
No kids under 21.

Great burgers.
Awesome chili.
A little fancy for some.
Cash only.
For you folks from the upper midwest, this place has a Grain Belt light above one of the tables.
I feel like I'm right back in Stearns County when I'm at Roman's.
Minus the 99 inches of snow of course.

Its one of the only country bars around on west side of town.
Good live bands.
Food is average.
Some great swing dancers here on Friday and Saturdays.
Strange thing is, the other room has hip-hop, so the mix of people is different to say the least.
You have to see the Redneck Revolution.
They play there often.
Oh yea, cash only, they have an ATM inside.

I dare you to find a better burger, chili or steak for the price.
I love this place.
It has a Grain Belt bar light.
Need I say more?

I could tell by when I drove up with Senior the gravel driveway that it wasn't going to be my favorite place the outside looks pretty interesting, I.D.
immediately but greeted and went straight to the bar and well drinks are only three dollars tell 10 PM that was a great deal.
Is's very western like place, with local friends I can told that everyone knows one a another.
So if you like live Country band music line dancing this would be the place for you.
It's not the prettiest and most glamorous but it will work.

Been by here once n must say pretty sweet bar love the setting, n the enviroment in and around the bar, great staff, will try to go there more often:)

Oh Lord, they changed the menu.
We had the calamari which was excellent, loved the sauce and presentation.
The stuffed shrimp was a huge miss, skip them.
The ribeye was as wonderful as ever with fried onion petals on top.
Fish was really good but those hush puppies are the star.
Always a great meal.

New menu?
OK so everyone knows us men don't like change so let's not get too excited about what I have to say.
However, do roasted duck tacos in an eggplant taco shell belong at Roman's?
I stayed away from them and had the fish fry.
Still good, great hush puppies and cole slaw.
Calamari was great as well.
My true test will be if the burgers have changed or not.

Never gotten food or anything, but def a fun night out!
No matter what you're feeling: laid back shuffle board, country 2 stepping, or hip hop...they have it.
Always some great people watching too.
Just remember to bring cash, as they don't take card

FUN, fun and FUN!
No matter what you consider entertaining, this place will have it!
One room is karaoke, another is a live band, a room for dancing and of course a bar area with general stereo music.
The drinks are relatively inexpensive and the service is great.
The only downfall was the tight outside patio space and having to side walk past another group for an open standing space.

I absolutely love this place!
One of the best bars I've ever been to.
I like country music but I don't listen to it very often and I still had a wonderful time.
Last night was my second time coming to romans,  and I wish it was closer to my neck of the woods.
We rode our bicycles and didn't have locks, so we left them in the side of the building and no one stole them; ) The bartender was nice but poured really weak drinks,  thank god they were on special for $3 for a couple hours.
The live band was amazing!!!
The dance floor is  large and inviting, and people don't seem to judge if you don't know how to two step!

It's a straight up country bar!
But it's fun as hell whether you're in to that or not.
I've been here a couple of times already and it's a pretty good place.
They got karaoke and DJ!
Fun to be with friends!
Idk much about the racism here I haven't personally experience it but other than that you'll enjoy it here :)

Great bar, nice people!

