THIS WAS THE CHEAPEST LOCKOUT SERVICE RATE!!
I got locked out on campus in Glendale and the guy came all the way from Tempe!
He charged me only $45 and made me two spare sets of keys!
I was astounded and grateful.
It sounds like he drives all over phoenix, so if you are locked out call him!

Lightening fast arrival.
Even faster lockout service.
No doubt I'll use his service again!

Insanely fast, very nice person as well.
I've dealt with other lockout services before and they take FOREVER to get to you.
This was about 15-20 minutes, seriously.
Highly recommend!

I had called a different locksmith my husband found on Google the previous time I had Locke my keys in my car who by the way charged me 165.00 dollars and took 3 hours to make it to my house.
I month later I lock my keys in the car again and I called this guy I found here on yelp.
I got the best service ever!!
He showed up within 10 Minutes only charged me 20 dollars, unlocked my car at lightning speed and even made me a spare key.
I am a happy customer.
BEST SERVICE EVER

I didn't think locking my keys in my car could actually be a fun experience.
It actually was with jack (I think that's his name).
In fact I have never posted a review before  and felt I owed it to this guy.
I had called another locksmith initially.
The dispatcher (I assume) said he called another guy and he was on his way.
I got a call 35 minutes later from the other guy asking for the address.
And he told me it would be another 40 minutes!!!
I said forget it.
I called this locksmith and he said I will be there in 10 minutes!!!
And he was.
Opened the car, made me a spare key, and we talked for 20 minutes about golf, music, family - what a great guy!!!
And inexpensive too!
Highly recommend this locksmith.

Jack was on time and extremely patient with our situation (a lost key with chip and a car with remote start).
Long story short the remote start complicated things but Jack made things right, including coming back out a second time to make sure the keys worked.

