I love this little shop, I used to go here when it was on 67th Avenue and Deer Valley but now it is on the NE corner of 67th Avenue and Happy Valley in the Walmart Grocery Store parking lot.
The old guy that runs this is always there and you can tell he loves to fix and sell bikes.
I always take all my bikes to him for service or to slime my tires and even bought a bike for both my son and daughter from him.
I always do my research and he always turned out to be the best deal for a quality name brand bike.
Plus when you buy from him he will take care of you.
He also is the cheapest place I have ever taken a bike for a service, I think sometimes he runs a special for $30!
That's insane!
Like I said this guy has been here forever and I dont think he ever leaves, you should stop in and say hi.

The best bike shop in the area.
The owner is always there; he has reasonable prices, and does quality work.

This was a great bike shop.
He was super helpful and would bend over backward for you.
He has more BMX styled bikes than anything else, but has a lot of them.
He is also the cheapest in the area if compared to all the other bike shops and had better bikes than all the other stores and was at least 50 bucks cheaper.
So the bottom line is he was helpful and had the best bikes of all the other bike shops.

I have purchased bikes from Ted since 2008.
The bikes I bought were two adult cruisers for my wife and myself, and bikes for my kids.
We have all been very pleased with the quality of the bikes, with Ted's service.
I'd say this is a great place to buy bikes for family type riders.
The store is small and has plenty of 20 inch bikes and a few mountain bikes, so I am guessing this isn't the place for hard core road bikers or hard core mountain bikers.
You can get a cheaper bike at Walmart, but remember, as soon as something goes wrong, they can't help you.

The owner Ted is wonderful!
My boys have dropped In there last minute w flat tired and broken pedals!
Ted has always put down whatever he was doing to tend to my boys, getting their bikes in order so that they could ride home m often wothout charging them!
This is the cities most reliable n honest bike shop!
I am a loyal customer for life!!!

Ted runs his shop the way I remember my neighborhood shop when I was a kid.
He stocks a great selection of affordable bikes and is able to special order a specific bike at your request.
He is a true neighborhood treasure.
We have purchased 8 bikes over the last 12 years.
Thanks again Ted!

I have taken my road and mountain bikes in for repair and Ted always offers a fair price.
He is definitely passionate about what he does.
Any time one of my bikes are down, I know I can have it fixed within a few days.
Roadrunner is definitely worth taking your bike to.

I purchased my mountain bike from here and would return again based on staff, price, and selection.
The staff are very knowledgable and friendly.
I never feel like I am being up sold and instead simply feel like they want to help me be a better rider based on my needs and questions.
Recently, I had my front forks go out recently and the staff is working with me to get a replacement under warranty.
They have gone out of their way to be helpful and I would recommend them to family and friends.

