It's Starbucks!!
They also have a nice patio / seating area with misters outside and a regular crowd, including Goodyear's finest (Think PD) and this location STILL CARRIES cinnamon twists!

No inside area.
Just drive thru and walk up.
Good for a quickie!
I was SO happy to find this location when I was visiting my sis in Az!
I was in need of a fix and they actually had a few pastries on the menu that I hadn't seen at other locations.. not that i tried them, but i noted them!
:)  Someone said that this is actually the one on Dysart - FYI

One of the best Starbucks in the valley.

It's very poorly laid out, it seems no matter where you stand you're in the way.
Only real plus is it's a few cents cheaper then the Dysart drive-thru location, but personally that doesn't change anything.
I'll grab a coffee here if I'm heading into Target, but more often then not I've already stopped at the Dysart location on my way.

I love this Starbucks.
The baristas are friendly and always make my drink right every time I come in.

I love this place!
Super nice baristas and it's so chill.
They are busy most of the time but it's worth it.
:) This is definitely one of my spots.

Nice location.
Almost always crowded but plenty of outdoor seats.
Nice variety of breakfast foods.
Right next to a Target.
Yay!

It operates like a Starbucks is supposed to.
The place is dirty though.
No one cleans up, and the bathrooms were horrible.
I wanted to get the coffee and get the heck outta there.

Standard Starbucks, but has great outdoor seating.
The only drawback is you'll rarely be able to plug in your computer because there are only a couple outlets... also standard with starbucks.

it is a Starbucks I would rather go to a locally owned place .
Place was overcrowded for my likings

unlike most Starbuck's they do not put out skim milk.
you have to wait for the barista to get free so you can ask for skim milk.
I've stopped going to this poorly appointed coffee shop.
so much for corporate standards and consistency.

Going in to look for a Starbuck's plastic cups.
Didn't find the one we are looking for...
The staff was not so friendly.

I got a white chocolate mocha yesterday during happy hour.
It was pretty busy so I wasn't expecting anything special.
I don't know what the barista did with my drink but he's a freaking wizard.
I swear it was the best white chocolate mocha I've ever tasted!
Usually Starbucks is just kind of "okay" plus a butt ton of sugar that makes it good but my drink tasted like heaven.
The only thing that I didn't like was the bathrooms.
They were a nightmare.
I don't know HOW because I've never even seen mud in AZ but there was mud all over the floor (Maybe it was poop idk).
I don't really care about that kind of stuff but it IS a business and that's not very respectful to the customers.

