I never thought about taking my dog to the groomer before, instead I would just washer her in the tub at home.
Sure it was time consuming and hard on my back, but it was cheaper than a groomer.
When my dog started to become so itchy from allergies my opinion changed.
This groomer offers a "hot oil treatment" for dry and itchy skin.
Long story short, I took my pup in for a bath and brush plus the extra hot oil treatment.
The results... fantastic.
First of all, she was cleaner than I've ever been able to get her and she wasn't as itchy.
The biggest or rather best part was the lack of shedding after her brush out.
The second time I took her in, I just had the bath and brush.
Two hours later and my dog was smooth and shinny again.
I plan on continuing my at home washes for "maintenance" but when the shedding needs tamed again, I'll be back.

Awesome...all 3 of my huskies looked and smelled amazing.
Will totally be back with them.
The staff was very friendly and great with my furry babies.

My family has taken our dogs here for years, but with my recent addition to my family I have finally gotten first hand experience.
The staff and groomers here are great!
They are always friendly and so caring toward my dog.
You can really tell that they care.
Further, my dog left looking shiny and new.
Not to mention that is shedding less after her brushing.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a dog groomer.

Love this place!

Prices are fair, people are friendly and they do a great job!
They're fabulous with my two Yorkies who basically hate everyone.

Great Prices!!
Just make sure your specific with the cut but all in all, GO check this place OUT!!
: )

The people were very nice here...
But I didn't realize it was a grooming school.
Take other's advice on here and be very specific as to how you want your pup cut.
Unfortunately my hubby was not and my goldendoodle now has to wear a sweater because he was cut so super short in this abnormally cold winter.
The price was great especially compared to petco.

Receptionist was kind and professional.
Nice and clean, prices are responsible!
Would of like to talk to groomer to see how my puppy did instead of generic answer.

We love Petstop.
We have been taking our animals here for years.
Cats and dogs.
This was the one place we went to that our dogs actually liked coming in the door and didn't put the breaks on.
They have always been great to our animals.
Old english Sheepdog, Pit Bull, Terrier Mix, and Persian and Domestic shorthair cats.
The only time our children were cut shorter than we liked was when WE let them go way too long without a groom and their mats had to be cut short in order to make it less painful for them.
The prices are fabulous and I refer everyone I know here!
Love Cheyenne, Domino and Speckes!

First time we have used Petstop and could not be happier.
The lady that groomed our shih tzu is a miracle worker.
He had knots in his hair and she was able to remove them without traumatizing him.
He was just as happy as he was when we dropped him off and he looked awesome.

Love this place.
Jock looks good although he may give the groomers a hard time because of a broken jaw.
They take good care of him

Absolutely love this place and so does my dog!
Been going here for awhile now.
They were able to advise me on the right shampoo to use for his dry skin and they put a cute little bandana on him.

This place is an awesome place to bring your pets!
The staff was super friendly and helpful and the prices are decent and fair!
They like to give to the food drive so if you bring I believe 4 or 5 canned goods they will brush your dogs teeth for free.
Pretty good deal if you ask me!
I would recommend this place to anyone.
I save $30-40 going here instead of Petco or Petsmart.
Plus they do a better job here!

When we moved here, I was rather bummed to have to leave our old groomer I'm such a large city, I was hesitant to leave our Baxter with just any groomer We gave Petstop a whirl and I have been greatly pleased We've been here several times and they do a great job with him He never seems stressed after a visit and the haircut has looked great both visits It's a little bit of a distance to drive (30min each way) but very much worth it Thank you.

I brought my 10 week old BichPoo in for her first groom (just a trim under her eyes), and I was so pleased with not only the trim, but the customer service, that we will definitely  be regulars.
I called ahead and was told no appointments are necessary for face trims, so I expected to wait, but we had no wait at all, we were in and out in 5 minutes.
The women at the front desk were very nice and helpful, as was the groomer, Heather C.

I love the staff and the wonderful job they do with my doggies.
The price is spot on and they have a loyalty program that rewards you when you earn enough points.
The groomers always doing an excellent job and are very helpful with recommendations.

They are professional friendly and did an awesome job on my German Sheperd!
The best lion style cut I've ever ad done on her

This is a great place to get your dog's groomed if you can get them in, the wait for an appointment is ridiculous.
It's almost worth the extra price to get them in sooner.

Well apparently first time there was a fluke.
Took my shih-tzus back.
Granted they were matted and needed to be shaved.
But I got them back and they did a horrible job on one of them.
But my problem is they were groggy for the rest of the day like they had been sedated or something.
Later that evening they started getting back to their normal selves.
For dogs that are constantly happy and running around....it makes me wonder.
My son is extremely upset of how the ladies talked to him about his dog and refuses to take his dog back.i may be wrong about sedating them but if you are going to - you need to get permission from the owner.

They do a great job grooming.
However, customer service is bad.
During one visit I was given the wrong dog.
And a second visit charged more than previous times.
They claim my dog is bigger than standard.

I have been taking my bichon here for just over a year.
Generally I would give it 4 stars but this past time I asked them to clip her one length shorter that I usually get done.
When I came to get her, her "eyebrows" (on a puppy cut) were gone and she had more than a few bald spots and her skin was red from irritation!.
Poor girl, it's a good thing she's an indoor dog or she'd be sunburned this summer for sure!
Granted I did request that length, I just wish they had called me and told me what was going on.
It wasn't even the shortest length.
Also, if you get your dog groomed ANYWHERE not just here, please, please, PLEASE do NOT let them express the anal glands.
That is a job for the vet's office only.
The groomers are only permitted to do "external" (without being TMI) and they can't fully express everything in the glands due to this.
I worked for a veterinary clinic for a long time and dogs would come it with infections as a result.

