I have mixed feelings about this place.
We contracted them to do our landscaping front and back.
We had gotten about seven estimates from other companies.
They came in the middle range at about 35 grand.
We chose them because they would do all the work rather than we having to call a variety of companies to do electrical and plumbing and get the permits.
I knew exactly what we wanted and gave very specific instruction.
I wanted specific trees and of course they claimed they could not locate what I wanted.
Funny i could and told them where to get it.
I also told them no pink oleander, so they bring six to plant.
We also wanted a wall constructed that would look like the stone walls one would find along the roads of Ireland.
So we get ten HUGE boulders plopped in our yard.
In all of this time the guy who said he would be there to supervise never showed his face once.
In fact I called him at least once a day some times more for three weeks straight and he never got back to me until I threatened him with making sure his company would be sanctioned by our landscaping approval board.
He called and said I did not have to threaten him to get him to call.
It took longer than had too to get things done and many redoes but we are happy for the most part with the finished product.
All of which I plan to change soon ;-{)

Arizona Rainfall recently completed our landscaping project.
After meeting with Gary Hines 3 times to review the design (because we kept changing our minds) we decided on the final design.
We could tell from the start that Gary is a true artist of a landscape designer.
He had the entire project choreographed beautifully...permits, his workers, electricians, and gas installation.
Gary's crews are true craftsmen.
Our project included a spa by Spas By Design, a branch of Gary's company.
They don't just install spas, they take the shell and install all of the jets, pumps, and controls in their shop.
They will even customize the location of the jets.
The finished product is even better than expected, and our expectations were high.
Gary Hines delivered what we agreed upon in the final design, and more.
I would recommend Arizona Rainfall and Spas By Design to anyone.

To Gary and his wonderful staff,  Our boring backyard has been transformed in to our own little oasis!!!
Neal and I can't begin to express our appreciation for a job "very well done"!
The entire project ran like clockwork.
The planning and execution was seamless.
Your work crews are craftsmen, very skilled and meticulous.
Gary, the project started with your creative design.
You listened very closely to what features we wanted and you incorporated those ideas into a masterpiece we now proudly call our backyard.
Throughout the project, your team was very responsive to any concerns or questions we had.
As our daily point of contact, Mike was wonderful to work with.
To say that you and your staff went beyond our wildest dreams in the quality of work and customer service would be an understatement.
Our backyard project also included a spa built and installed by your company, Spas by Design.
The quality of your spa is untouchable.
Also, I can't say enough about Bob Campo, your sales manager.
When, as new spa owners, we were having some concerns about how to maintain the proper water quality, he came right over to help with a big smile and words of encouragement.
Gary, this is what we learned about you during our backyard project.
You LOVE your work.
You're very good at it.
You run your company with integrity.
Your word is golden.
We can't thank you enough!
Neal & Lori

We contacted Arizona rainfall in 2011 because they were going to do my parents home and met with a rep.
He came out to our house and had many ideas.
We were really excited.
This was our first house, and the landscaping needed serious help.
He said he would get back to us in a few days with an estimate.
We waited a few days, and heard nothing.
We called him and he said he was working on it.
We exchanged a few emails, and he was still working on it.
Finally, he just stopped responding to us.
My parents were the ones who recommended him.
He created a beautiful plan for them, but he stopped calling them too at the same time.
They were all set to go with Arizona Rainfall and ended up having their yard be delayed because he bonked them as well.
So, I cannot comment on the work they do, but their customer service is terrible.
If he did not want to do our yard, we would have understood.
It was a big project, but at least give us the courtesy and left us know that they just aren't that into us and wanted to see other people.

Our project was very large...pool, water feature, bbq, fencing, plantings, irrigation, etc.
Gary and his team were very professional and excellent to work with and provided us with a beautiful design, quality workmanship and great customer service.
We can't thank them enough for transforming our project into our dream yard.
I would highly recommend this company.

