Selection is ok, customer service was horrible.
I have given them a few opportunities to earn my business.
On two separate occasions I went there to purchase a firearm.
I left with nothing and went to shooters vault to make my purchase.
If they want to assume that I'm window shopping because I'm in my twenties then forget it.
I'll spend my hard earned dollars else where.
Not only did they lose out on my sale, but I've shared my experience with my LE and Military buddies.
They all had similar experiences.

Dishonest dealers, stay away from this establishment like the plague.
Always comes up with a different story and not versed in customer service.
Go to Scottsdale Gun Club for professional service and great selection.

Best gun store in Surprise!
The competition doesn't compare to the prices and customer service.

These guys are clown shoes.
I go in and tell them i am new to guns and plan on buying a few.
You'd think they would want to take care of someone like me as i purchased the most expensive handgun they had, signed up for a class, and had told them i planned on buying a few more guns like a shotgun, rifle etc.
I tried to communicate a few times with them via email.
When they do decide to respond its usually several days later.
Many of my emails asking about additional magazines went ignored.
The class was ok. Instructor was good but the owner was also there and he belittled the instructor in front of the class which i thought was unprofessional, especially since the owner was butting in and saying what the instructor had already told us.
Had the owner been paying attention, he would have realized he didn't have to open his big mouth at all as his employee was doing a fine job.
Next, i manage to find a AR-15 online.
A nice Colt one which is a top of the market one.
The online company holds the gun for a week for you to allow you to get the FFL to them.
I contact Guns Plus and ask them about the whole transfer process and they respond with the cost.
I ask Guns Plus to send a copy of their FFL to the retailer and i also contact the retailer with Guns Plus info.
A few days go by and i send Guns Plus a email to make sure the FL was sent........no response.
I contact the retailer and they say they contacted Guns Plus too and that Guns Plus had said they were going to be faxing it over but never did.
I ended up going with another gun shopwho took care of everything within 15 minutes of me emailing them.
I almost lost the gun thanks to the appalling customer service at Guns Plus.

Good selection, friendly staff.
The prices were good, the item I was looking for was not only in stock, but on sale.
They also had a great selection of used guns as well as new.
I will definitely shop here again.

Worst retail gun shop experience of my life.
The impression i got is unless you're a cowboy action shooter or an established collector they really donation seem to give a crap if you have a positive experience or not..I have been inside this store on 5 occasions and in 4 of them have observed a customer belittled by a clerk who no matter what the customer said, had to prove that he was the dominant person in the conversation.
In short this shop is manned by the most condescending group of gun people I've ever met.
so unless you're a collector or a cowboy action shooter, DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!
Preppers not welcome.

Purchased a Beretta 92FS from them and it a great experience.
They were honest with great prices and took care of all the paperwork in 20 minutes.

