They do a great job.
Manicure and pedicure for $32.
Not bad for the price.

I was visiting Surprise for the week and had a fun time and decent mani pedi as a walk in.
Pauline was great and did a good job.
I would come back.

There is literally a nail salon on every corner in surprise...
I have tried almost every one!
I keep coming back to Elle's!
I get pedicures, manicures and waxing.
Often.
The ladies are sweet and funny!
The price is great, they don't try to upsell everything like some others.
There is a subway next door if you are not sure which nail salon it is.

My go to salon for nails and eyebrow waxes!
They do a great job, are friendly, and the price is great too!
Highly recommend.

I thoroughly enjoyed my experience.

I had a full set of acrylic nails put on and the nail tech pushed the sides of my nails down with her own nails and it hurt so bad, I am not sure why she would do that.
She finished my nails and they turned out fairly well.
I went home and my sides of my thumbs were a bit tender, but I thought it would pass.
A few hours later I was in excrutiating pain to the point of making me cry.
I so badly wanted to get them off, however I paid the money and leaving for vacation and wanted nice nails, so I took some advil and tried to relax, hoping the pain would go away.
Several hours later, the pain subsided and now only a little bit of discomfort in the thumb nails.
I've had my nails done before and never ever had this kind of pain nor have I known anyone who has.
I don't think I will go back there, next time I will pay more for a better experience.
My tech wasn't to friendly, almost sarcastic at times when asking me something and I didn't know she was borderline snippy.

I chose this salon due to its location while in town for the holiday weekend.
The ladies were all very friendly and I was taken right away.
I got a gel manicure ($25) and a pedi ($17 + $5 for callus).
Queen did an excellent job of shaping and polishing my nails, she was very thorough.
I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.

We got the basic pedicure with callus removal, all for $22.They were a little short on the massage, but were fastidious and detailed when it came to cleaning up the cuticles and getting rid of the calluses.
My wife's person was a Chatty Cathy, but we kind of like that.
Definitely, we will use this salon when visiting here.

My mom and I came here for pedicures and really enjoyed ourselves.
They had a great selection of polish choices - gel and traditional.
We got the deluxe pedicures with the hot stone massage and we both enjoyed it immensely.
Their chairs with the massagers were very nice as was the staff.
The reviews did not disappoint and the place was busy but not crowded.

I have been going to these ladies since 2001.
Would not think about going anywhere else.
I have a crazy schedule and don't always know when I will have time.
They take me as a walk in anytime I find time.
Love this place.
No matter who I get to do my nails or pedicure.
It is always done great.
Tina has amazing girls.

It's been awhile since I've had fake nails so I decided to get a gel set done.
My mom, sister, and I walked in around 4:20.
They immediate were taken back to get pedicures while I waited for a tech to become available.
Toni was open about 10 minutes later.
She did an awesome job on my nails and she helped explain how we'd achieve the look I was going for.
My nails look great, I love the atmosphere in there too, it doesn't smell too much like acrylic which is nice.
We left shortly after 5pm.
In the future we know to come earlier so we don't keep them after close.

Worst place experience ever..
The lady that was doing my nails was actually one of those ladies who does pedicures only..
So she didn't really know what the heck she was doing..
They "head" lady kept trying to help her.. She hurt me multiple times..
I wanted a gel manicure..
When she was taking off my acrylics she was using the wrong tools at first so she kept hurting me until the lady came and gave her the right one.
She did a good job on my pedi cure.
But horrible job on my nails, the other lady had to take over.
Never going to this place again..
Mind I tell you they kept moving me around... Ugh!
And their pedicure station isn't as clean as everyone on here says, they use plastic bag instead of the actual liner that goes in the tub.. Save your money go some where else!
Also the air isn't that clean in there..
So if you are pregnant or have asthma don't go there.

Visited for a full set of silk nails, she automatically put acrylic on my nails not the silk I had asked for.
I didn't ask for them to be taken off because the whole point of silk nails is they are less damaging than acrylic but when I told her I asked for silk she said I asked for acrylic.
I would never say acrylic if I wanted acrylic I would just say full set.
So I didn't argue but my acrylic nails turned out very thick and bumpy.
Had to go to another salon to they them thinned up and smoothed out.
She also left them very long after I asked her to cut them shorter and made my cuticles bleed.
After I pulled my hand away she said she was doing it on purpose because my nail sea are too short so she was "helping me".

Visited for a full set of silk nails, she automatically put acrylic on my nails not the silk I had asked for.
I didn't ask for them to be taken off because the whole point of silk nails is they are less damaging than acrylic but when I told her I asked for silk she said I asked for acrylic.
I would never say acrylic if I wanted acrylic I would just say full set.
So I didn't argue but my acrylic nails turned out very thick and bumpy.
Had to go to another salon to they them thinned up and smoothed out.
She also left them very long after I asked her to cut them shorter and made my cuticles bleed.
After I pulled my hand away she said she was doing it on purpose because my nail beds are too short so she was "helping me".

I walked into this salon this morning because my salon was closed, and I wanted my nails done earlier.
MISTAKE.
If you like nails that look like they were done by a nail college student, air bubbles, bloody fingers/cuticles... (a lot of blood), and the gel top coat NOT EVEN COVERING THE ENTIRE NAILS, along with bumpy ridges, then this is your place!
I for one, am mortified I have these nails on that look like my neighbor's 10 year old child did them, and paid salon price.
Oh and I had to ask her to use the tool to get the $hit from under my nail, and she still left acrylic all over my fingers.
I NEVER COMPLAIN LIKE THIS ON HERE__ BUT THIS PLACE SUCKS!
The place looks like it has not been dusted in 6-12 months, and the employees look like older washed up dirty "massage" parlor illegals.
I don't recommend.

