This is an incredible find of a butcher shop.
The best steak meat, hotdogs and hamburgers.
They make a hamburger that is mixed with bacon and when you put it on the grill, magic happens on your BBQ.
Seriously, you have to try it.
They often times sell out of the bacon-hamburger patties by the afternoon, so get there early.
It is a tad pricey, but you are paying for a quality of meats that you just cannot get at the grocery store.

Once again you get the husband/wife review, but so be it.
:)  I go to Butcher Bob's all the time for my catering as well as home cooking needs.
They have the freshest, best cuts of meat and are very reasonable in price.
And of course it's fresh--they cut it right on premises!
The nicest part about Butcher Bob's is that you are dealing with knowledgeable people who want you to get exactly what you are looking for in a cut of meat.
I've called them for specialty orders and the very next day, they've got it taken care of for me.
They take time to explain about the cuts to you and the pros and cons of using one type versus another.
They don't try to talk you into buying anything more expensive than what you truly need.
They will even give you ideas and suggestions for preparation.
Now your local supermarkets, they don't cut meat on premises anymore so you can't ask the butcher at Fry's to make you a paillard of chicken breast.
They simply don't have the tools and in many cases, the know-how to get it done.
You have to go to a real Butcher shop like Butcher Bob's to get what you really need.
If you are looking for the best cuts of meat along with a little help in your preparation when you are preparing your next special meal, go to Butcher Bob's.
They will definitely put your mind at ease and you will be amazed at the delicious flavor of freshly cut meats.

I went in yesterday and got a top sirloin steak that looked beautiful!
I cooked it today with some very minimum spices to see what the steak really tasted like.
I must say that it was a winner!
Beautiful piece of meat an Oh so tender.
I am definetely going back to get a T-bone or a New York strip, they looked awesome!
I would recommend this place to people that are looking to get some very high quality meats and a great price for that quality.

My husband and I finally made our way over here this weekend after reading the rave reviews on Yelp.
We were tired of the sub-par grocery store steaks and wanted to splurge on quality filets.
Butcher Bob's exceeded our expectations!
We cooked the filets medium rare, seasoning only with salt, pepper, olive oil, and a dash of Worchestershire (sp?).
They came out tender, and buttery.
Best of all we got 2 restaurant quality steaks for $16.00!
(I think they were $18.00/lb) All their meats looked so fresh and delicious.
They had everything from veal to plain chicken breasts.
All the meats were very reasonably priced for the quality you get.
They also have Boar's Head deli meats.

I wanted to update with the latest find.
I just purchased a smoker so we've been experimenting with it and trying to get it all down.
Well, we planned a swim and bbq party and I really didn't want to smoke ribs again (though I am getting good at those) so I thought "why not try some really good sausages?
" So off I went to see Butcher Bob to see what I could find.
The place is still as good as it was since my last visit, I told him what I was wanting to do and he guided me to the home made sausage counter.
OMG!!!
So many different choices!!
:) so, I asked him to tell me a little bit about each of them.
When he got to the polish and told me that it was a great garlic infused one, I knew I had to try it!
So off I went with my purchase, I had 8 sausages and spent less than $20 so to me that is a great buy.
He was right, the sausages were the hit of the party and were the 1st to go!
Also, 2 people from the party went to Butcher Bob to purchase meats by the end of the week.
They are a great local place to purchase quality grass fed meats, no corn on these guys!

meat meat and more meat.........Awesome!!!!
Old school butcher....high quality meat and GREAT prices!
I LOVE this place as it has everything a grill master would ever need!

Went for the first time this weekend just to look and left with some hotdogs and brats.. Gotta say they were amazing!
Service was also excellent and will definitely be back for more this coming weekend!
Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for a local butcher shop!

Butcher Bob's at 11663 W. Bell Rd.
Suite 2 in Surprise is a great meat shop.
Their packages are put together nicely and they will let you substitute items if you desire.
The quality of their products rival high dollar steak houses too.
Check their website for current specials and packages.
Thanks guys!

Quality is very good, and the prices are very fair.
If you're in the market for a really great steak this holiday season, please skip the supermarkets, come to Bob's and get something your guests will really enjoy.
Steak, sausage or ribs, no matter what you're after, it's here.
Bob's is a cut above!

How often these days you come across a high-quality butcher shop I am very lucky to have Bob the butcher in my area he always gives you the latest specials he will cut you need me to your liking if he does not have it he will get it for you soon in absolute pleasure my mother always used to say if you want Great meat Get to know your butcher and this is what I suggest all of you the best meat At the best prices if you want Thick cut steaks not a problem How big do you want them same with pork chops lamb chops and etc.
this is one of the best Butchershop In the West Valley by far

Very nice customer service !!
A few good deals on meat, for sure coming back :)

Love this place.
I am from the midwest and when I found this place I was so excited.
A place to get great meat at a good price and with a smile non the less makes me keep coming back.

Always great selection and superb quality.
Real butcher shop - like buying meat used to be, before the world was taken over completely by supermarkets.
The best never-frozen turkeys since Young's Farm.
Special, hard-to-find treats like rabbit, shanks, breaded cutlets, etc, as well as all the more usual types of meat and poultry.
Great personal service given to every single customer.
Convenient - just off Bell Road.
Limited, tightly packed parking, but worth the effort.
Highly recommended.

Found this place while getting pastry next door.
Amaze - Balls.
So much meat, so little appetite.
We bought some gorgeous steaks here and a few soup bones for the dog.
The steak was like butter, not to mention corn fed beef is a lot less calories (if you are watching your figure).
So if you want to treat yourself to some amazing steaks but not have to pay restaurant prices, come here.

Best Butcher shop in the west valley!
The chorizo is the bomb as is all of their meats.
Next time you need meat give them a try you won't be disappointed!
Bacon Burgers are tasty as heck!

