This is my favorite place to get tacos.
We don't have Del Taco in Pennsylvania where I'm from, and it's much better than Taco Bell.

39 cent tacos special (normally 69 each)... Crunchy shells, mildly spiced ground beef.
In the Lowe's parking lot.
Drive-thru convenience or eat in.
Cheap, fast, friendly.
Sometimes that's what you are after.

Cheap.
Fast.
Fresh.

I don't have any problem with this place.
Good amount of variety.
Cheap.
Fast.
Friendly.
Fresh.
All the other adjectives used by previous reviewers.
Plus, the kids meal "toy" is actually an educational pull-out book which my 4-year-old is now delightly thumbing through on the sofa, as opposed to made-in-China rockem-sockem-robots or dragons that spit out flying plastic bullets like what you get from McDonalds.
Oh, and I haven't gotten food poisoning from it (unlike from Chino Bandido, Macayos, Taco del Mar etc).
Not exactly healthy food, though, so it's rare that I eat here.
Kid loves the "reetos" when we do go.

It's exactly what you would expect from a "mexican" fast food chain.
I only use the drive-thru and its always quick and the order correct.
Next time you need yummy and quick give them a try.

Daughter likes this place more than Taco Bell!
But I am the Taco Bell fan!
This location is fine, I never see this place that busy?
Food is OK, i do like their combo burrito and chili cheese fries!
Daughter loves their tacos.
We will continue to come back.

6 tacos and 6 burritos for $9 , how can you go wrong with that?

So what can you say about a place named Del Taco.
For a number of years I have had a very special friend in my life.
When he would say he was going to Del Taco I assumed he meant Taco Bell and was saying it backwards.
LOL to my surprise Del Taco does exist.
Not in the Midwest but definitely on the west coast.
So I decided to give this Del Taco place a try.
Wow when they say macho they mean it.
Not fully understanding I said macho, thinking it was large like any other fast food establishment.
Bam what seemed like a pound of fries in a large cup came with my taco.
Who knew tacos and fries.
Back to the fries though.
I am in love.
Not only has the food always been hot each time I have come here, the fries continue to live up to the very first ones I experienced.
Although they are not made fresh in the establishment like others, they are always flavored just right.
They aren't over or under cooked, nor are they greasy.
I'm not so impressed with the burgers here, nor the tacos.
Guess they are just better made at home.
I've never been inside the establishment, so I can't speak on the inner cleanliness.
I usually just do late night drive thru.
The attendant is always kind and respectful.
The wait is always less than 3 minutes, a huge plus.
Three stars do to I don't think I can actually give it more until I experience the inside of the place.
I'm in love with fries, they don't find fault in our relationship, nor do they check up on me!
LOL comfort food at its best.

Opens at 7:00am.
Doors still locked at 8:30am.
No way to run a business.

Ok, so I am a fan of fast food tacos :P  Del Taco has the market on that.
Considering this place compared to "other taco fast food" the tacos shells are always crunchy.
I like  the texture of crunchy tacos mixed with cilantro, sour cream, tomato, lettuce, and meat.
The ultimate is the way to go in terms of tacos here.
That is if you like the above ingredients.
Other places seem to have soggy tacos from the ground beef oil getting into the shell.
If you want crunchy tacos eat at Del Taco.
I always get the correct order at the Surprise location and they actually give you napkins and sauce, not the norm at some fast food.
BTW I generally enjoy the sauce, but not on my ultimate tacos; hides the cilanto flavor.

Every time I go here I regret it.
The food is not very good obviously, but it is super cheap.
Typically I'd prefer taco bell, but the taco bell on Waddell and Litchfield always sucks, so if I'm in the mood for bad,cheap fast food tacos I go here.

Was in the area for an event at Surprise Stadium and was super hungry.
Dropped by here to grab a quick bite.
Ordered: Veggie Works Burrito, $2.89 Bean & Cheese Burrito, $1.09 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qlyYPDt9xk03K-MGd95puw?select=iJJCyUTE9p2s92RNJLf9RQ#iJJCyUTE9p2s92RNJLf9RQ  Of course I had to get a ton of Inferno Sauce...yum!
The employees were very friendly...have to give a shout out to the cashier, Anna Lissa, who had a great smile and service.
Return Factor - 80%

Best chicken tacos.
Orders are always right, which is more than I can say for taco bell!

Love the fish tacos.
Tuesdays & Thursdays they have a great deal on tacos after 3pm.
If you save your receipt & fill out the online survey, you get a deal on your next order.
Love the staff that works here!

Yes I know it a fast food place so the food might not deserve 4 stars but this place is really satisfying!
It's the only place I can go at 12:00 at night or later and get just made food that isn't just burgers and fries.
The workers are always really nice, and that's not easy when working an all-nighter.
One person there named Aaron used to always work at night and knew us cause we always dropped by super late.
He was a prime example of their good service.
My boyfriend and I have gone a bazillion times and they never get the order wrong or leave something out (as often happens at most fast food chains).
The churros are one of the better ones you can get outside of Disneyland-cause Disney's are the best!
And the shrimp tacos they sometimes offer are delicious.
The cheese quesadillas are greasy but irresistible.
I just don't iike how messy they are since my bf insist on not ever putting it on a plate...

I have never in my life had such horrible customer service!
I ate here tonight with my husband and two kids.
When we got our order we noticed that we were missing a burrito.
My husband approached the counter and kindly mentioned to them what we were missing and the woman behind the counter, Cynthia, was totally rude and snapped at my husband and argued that she put it on our tray.
My husband explained that he did not see it and she rudely said that she would make us another one.
A few minutes later she storms to our table and slams down our tray with the missing burrito and points at another burrito on our tray and yells, "See there it is right there!
" She then stormed off and glared at us and gave us a dirty look.
My husband and I were so upset we left without finishing our meal and went home and called the customer service number and left a message explaining what had happened.
I have never ever had to call a customer service number to complain!
Ever!
I will never go back to this location again and "Cynthia" needs a new job!

My family and I have been coming here for years, the service and food has always been great.
Now this location is under new management.
The manager is rude and disrespectful.
He now refuses to allow a simple $1 free bean and cheese burrito with purchase which was bought from a school fundraiser in the area.
Instead of explaining why he won't allow it, he makes the customers feel like morons for presenting it when the card has been used at this location for the past 6 months.
On top of having to interact with the manager while ordering, the food quality has decreased a whole lot.
Since new management everything is either stale or really messy because of how it's put together.
We now drive to peoria if we want del taco.

