My older dog grew up as a Banfield dog in Tucson so when I got Elwood I wanted him to be a Banfield dog too.
I took him in for his first visit.
We guessed within about a month of his age.
Right around 6 months.
The vet comes in, looks over Elwood and tells us "we have been duped" and that Elwood is over a year old.
Okay, we had the dog for about 4 months prior to the visit and he literally doubled in size during that time and his little testes dropped too.
Also we did not pay for Elwood, even though he is a purebred so there would be absolutely no reason for this person to "dupe" us.
This dog outgrew all of his clothes that we had bought for him initially.
Okay, we stopped the examination, if she couldn't tell how old the dog was within reason then there was no way in hell she was capable of doing anything else with the dog.
We went back to the people we got Elwood from and got the vet records from when his little tail was docked and their initial visit.
He was 7 months old.
The vet there is clearly inept and there is no way I would let her do ANYTHING with my dog.
Telling us our 7 months old pup was "well over a year old.

Two awful experiences.
Both times I arrived 15 minutes before my scheduled appointment.
I was not taken in to be seen until 30 minutes after my appointment time.
After I was taken in the room, I waited an additional 20 minutes before the nurse came in, a brief history was taken down, and then she left.
I waited another 20 minutes for the actual veterinarian to come in.
The whole time I sat there, I watched through the door window to the back room as the doctor and assistants chatted and giggled (no paperwork in hand, no talk of medicine or animals).
This was extremely frustrating.
The vet came in and apologized claiming there was an emergency that came in (obvious lie, as they were simply chatting and giggling the whole while).
Not only was the wait frustrating, but twice I asked them to run tests on my dog for his reverse sneeze, and twice they claimed "must be allergies, heres an antihistamine", and sent me on my way with a "we'd like you to come back in two weeks".
Kiss my butt, I will not be returning to your poorly run, sad excuse of veterinary services.

Well we are new to the puppy wellness plan, and since we have an English Bulldog and they are prone to many health issues we thought this would be a good fit for us.
We have been seeing Dr. White, and she is very very nice, informative, caring, and she is a great listener.
I am less than impressed by the extreme costs that are not covered within the puppy wellness plan!!!!
Our little bully began limping unexplainably, without injury one afternoon.
I became very concerned and took her into Banfield immediately.
They took her back right away with hardly any wait, but when I talked to the vet I was very disappointed when she told me I needed x-rays for my dog.
It wasn't the x-rays themselves, but the price!!!!!!
I was told it would be almost $300.00 for some x-rays on her legs!!!!
I could not afford that at this time, and inquired if they have some sort of payment plan for these high expenses, to which I was told no they do not....but I do get a discount since we have the wellness plan....discount, really?????
all of 10%???
that is NOT a discount, that basically is nothing....I think for the mass volume of animals they see, that they should offer some sort of payment arrangement or some sort for these unexpected costs!!!!
Times are hard right now, and this would certainly help to assure that we renew our policy when my bully turns 1..  .We need some help too, but 10% is almost a slap in the face!!!
So now I am forced to take my dog somewhere else for the x-rays (I have to find an office that takes payment arrangements, which I did!!
) and get copies of them to take back to Banfield for Dr. White to read them as well.
It is a shame that I have to do this, but unfortunately most of us do not have that much extra cash on hand right now.
I will say that i do love the staff, and they are always very nice and loving to my dog!!!!
they always seem to take the time to acknowledge her and that makes me feel good!!!!!
but Banfield PLEASE do something about your policies on payment arrangements to help us all achieve the optimum pet health!!!
Especially out here in Surprise/Sun City area, many many people are senior citizens and are on a fixed income, we all want to come to Banfield, but sometimes when the costs are too high and no help is offered for arrangements on payment, people are forced to go elsewhere for those services!!!!!!
Show us that you care!!!!

Need more front office staff!
Horrible customer service both on the phone and in person.
Both my appointments were 30-60mins late.
One of my appointments they told me they were running about 1 hour behind.
One person waiting told me that he was waiting 1 hour for just to get heartworm medicine.
Everyone waiting seems really annoyed and you can tell they have been waiting a long time or they have not even been helped at all.
My 2nd appointment I refused to wait 1 hour past MY appointment time.
I told the front office lady that I was not able to wait.
She was very smug with me and told me there was nothing she could do.
So I walked out.
My first appointment my dog need to get some stitches out so whisked her away leaving me in the waiting area and in 2 mins brought her back and said they took them out saying everything looks good.
There was no talking to the veterinarian.
Is the veterinarian even looking at my dog???
I dont care how small my dogs cut is Im paying you $300 for all my visits and for a VET!
Especially running a hour behind yup dont think she looked at him.
I was really annoyed.
The staff seems like they over book patients (obviously) and I see all the parents in the waiting area.
Doesnt seem to be any use of the exam rooms or interaction much with the veterinarian from what I see.
I am disappointed  because this vet is close to the home but I much rather drive twice as far to have a on time appointment with a nicer more personable staff.
I DO NOT recommend Banfield Hospital especially the one in Surprise.
I will def be finding a nice neighborhood vet!

Our Yorkachee, has been on the wellness program for her first year.
It has been a great program!
First year of shots, was taken care of.
She was fixed here, they were very good to her, and to us!
They have called us to let us know if something is coming up or due!
Can not complain here, done exactly what I have expected!

As previously noted, wait time is unacceptable, no reason to wait for an hour past app't time except for being inept.
I agree with a previous writer, I could see staff through the glass on the door & agree they were standing around (no papers in hand) laughing & chatting.....while I waited.
Also, to agree with another writer, it seems as tho' they "pad" the estimate with services that are exorbitant in cost.
I do not recommend Banfield but if you DO go there review the estimate with a fine tooth comb, most of the service is probably not necessary.

