Great, great greasy yummy pizza.

Mom & Pop family pizza place, with Italian accents included.
Friendly service & clean atmosphere that is rather plain with hard backed booths, a few small TV's, a handful of domestic draft beers, and a few pizzas in the window for ordering by the slice.
Outside isn't as appealing in this worn strip mall on the north side of Union Hills.
Parking is abundant.
Lot of lunch specials.
Two slices & soda pop for $4.25.
There is certainly value to be found at Grande Pizza.
Pizza was just alright, and I ordered by the slice, so I knew I would be getting slices from earlier that were reheated.
Best feature was the crust (at the end) that was like a great crispy crunchy crusty white bread.
Leading up to the crust was less inspiring, with the cheese and sauce being somewhat bland, and I hate to report a somewhat bland papery cardboard component in the flavors.
I'll give them another shot soon, and I'll venture into a Calzone or perhaps order a fresh pie.
The family feel of the business and clean, non-nonsense atmosphere were very appealing.
A hot lunch for under $5 is hard to find, and they have it.

I really wanted to like this place hearing that they are from Italy.
but i really dont have much to say about it.
I had a regular cheese pizza and my best way to explain it would be it seemed watered down or watery if that makes since.
I also didnt care for the cheesebread :-(

I love Grande Pizza!I have only eaten here a few times,but it was awesome!
The pizza is good old fashioned east coast style.IE:big and tasty with thick crust.
The service is always friendly and professional,and the place is run by real Italians so they really know thier stuff.
The inside reminds me of the good ol pizza and sub shops that i used to frequent back east.Walk in,order,pay,then either sit in a booth or take the food to go.
No annoying fast food atmosphere,no having to talk to waiters if you're not in the mood,just good quality pizza from a well run establishment.They also have subs,salads,and italian dinners on the menu.I have only had the pizza so far because it's soooo good.
The location is a little hidden.Its in a strip mall near a gym and a filibertos on91st.ave.
and union hills,but it is definately some of the best pizza in Arizona.

We saw the original owner was back so we figured we would try out the pizza.
We were very disappointed in the food.
We will not be going back.

I called for delivery and to my surprise I ordered the combo to be delivered of 18.95 plus tax the man on the other end tells me I owe 30.54 after tax I only added 2 toppings?
Please help me figure out what crack this place is smoking!
I hung up!

went in for the two slice special..a fresh pie was just coming out of the oven so I thought I was in luck..i had sausage added and it smelled kinda funny on the way home ..after a few bites it tasted a little sour YUK..
I have given them several tries since the old owner is back..done!
never again!

Best pizza and food around true mom and pop pizzeria.
Very good can not say enough how good it really is.

The best place for pizza and wings.
Great service as well.
The anti pasta is my favorite.

The former owner is back so I went in to give it another try.
FANTASTIC!!
The crust is excellent.

Ordered delivery from here this weekend as I love wings and am always on the lookout for a good neighborhood pizza place.
Used a coupon in Peoria paper and got large pizza and wings.
Pepperoni pizza was above average.
Crust was great, sauce was sweet ish and pretty good though could use more flavor.
The wings were the disappointment.
Soggy and low on meat.
Will try here again, but without the wings.

