Pretty much the main reason to go to Texas Roadhouse is for the rolls and cinnamon butter, also if you like peanuts there are plenty to snack on while you wait for your table.
At this location there is always at least a 30min wait and really the only way to avoid this is to use their call ahead feature, which puts your name on the list before you leave your home.
The atmosphere in the restaurant is always a bit on the loud side.
In the event of someone's birthday everyone in the place screams "yee-ha" so that gets old quick.
Other than that the food is always decent for the price and my personal recommendation is the sirloin kebob.

We drove to the Arrowhead area to see if the Irish Restaurant has opened.
I read the name to myself three times so that I would remember it and could look it up when I got home...Lis Doon Varna.
Obviously, it isn't open yet, or I wouldn't be reviewing Texas Roadhouse.
We drove across the street and looked between Buca and Texas and decided we've been consuming enough Italian food lately.
I liked it.
It was louder than I prefer; but most restaurants are these days.
Really, I'm only in my 30s, but I'm ancient at the same time.
The birthday gimmick of bringing out a saddle and yelling Yee-Haw really should not happen.
Especially at two tables right next to me.
I also feel the concept of throwing your peanut shells on the floor is awful, terrible, oh, I'm going there....horrific.
Why is this something that a restaurant would encourage?
Bits of food and spittle being thrown on the floor in a place where you eat...YUMMY!
Now for the good...  as others have mentioned the bread and cinnamon butter is yummy.
The food is good.
It has always been cooked the way it is ordered.
The portions are large.
They will make substitutions.
The people next to us ordered these artery-clogging loaded baked potatoes that looked absolutely scrumptious.
The service has always been top-notch every time I've been there.
The waiters are attentive, fill your drinks, get the orders correct, and offer suggestions.
The service is better than what you usually receive in nicer restaurants.
That about wraps it up.

I usually stay away from chains but I offered to take an employee out for dinner and this was the pick.
I was surprised at the quality of the food.
I don't eat steak so I got the ribs.
I had to eat them with a fork.
Literally falling off the bone.
That's a good sign.
The atmosphere can best be described as Neuvo Bubba decor.
I've actually been to a real Texas roadhouse (Post, Texas and I did in fact make eye contact with most of the patrons) and this is cleaner (despite the peanut shells everywhere) safer (despite the Helter Skelter look from dude in the Lynyrd Skynyrd T-shirt) and tastier (still mostly fried).

Ok!
so its your typical hey look at me come on in and your somewhere else kinda place...WIth that said the filet mignon is very good and the catfish is top shelf they serve it with a spicy mustard and the portions are generous.
I will eat there often weird for a chain.

Nice chain with yummy steaks and delicious cocktails.
I wish I had room to finish my steak though!
I filled up on the barrels of peanuts they have throughout the place.
We waited about 15min to be seated on a hopping Saturday night, so I had plenty of time to gorge on these delicious peanuts.
We also watched as a cute little kid enjoyed the shell-covered floor.
He was making sure each shell was turned into dust by stomping each one.
Such entertainment!
Then of course they have a metal bucket full of these addictive peanuts at each table!!
Shame on them!!
I almost asked our waiting to take them away from me!
lol  Good food, nice atmosphere, and decent prices.
Would go here again when visiting family.

Let me tell you how much I love Texas Roadhouse.. or maybe I shouldn't because I could go on forever.
As far as chain restaurants go, this has to be my favorite.
So let's discuss why; first and foremost, THE BREAD IS THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER HAD.
No exaggeration.
I could eat that stuff all day.
I don't care for the cinnamon butter stuff too much but my boyfriend really enjoys it.
I used to only get their caesar salad, (which by the way is amazing too) but then I finally started to branch out and try other things.
I have not been let down yet.
Another awesome thing about this place is that the employees are all super nice and friendly and you can tell that they don't completely loathe their jobs... which is nice.
So, Texas Roadhouse, I will continue to dine here with you for many years to come.

I will never understand why this place is always packed?
The steaks although lean are never cooked the way you ask them to be.
The pulled pork sandwich comes dry (no sauce what so ever).
I also think they use more salt then any other eatery I have gone to.
You shouldn't have so much salt on the fries that you have to search for signs of potato.
I understand people get a kick out of throwing the peanut shells on the floor and all, but it also makes this one of the dirtiest restaurants around.
Yes the rolls are flavorful, but tend to be on the hard side.
One of my two stars go to their sweet tea.
If you pick this place to eat give it a try.
On a side note the wait staff tends to sing Happy Birthday at the top of their lungs every five minutes.
Be ready to scream to the person at your table if you want to be heard.

The best bang for your buck!
You like steak?
You like eating out?
You don't have much money to spend?
Here you go!
My family loves this place.
I'd definitely go there anytime I want to eat out at a good restaurant but not ready to splurge.

ETA 1/2/11**** Went there the day after Christmas for dinner.
We were seated right away, however after waiting 11 minutes and not being asked what we want to drink, we bounced.
Found it very ironic that 1/2 of their wait staff was perceived to be screwing around out on the patio....We let their manager know that this was absolutely unacceptable and we don't know when we are going back.
There should be no reason to wait that long for a simple drink order;  We eat here several times a month, so that outta tell you something.
No matter what we order, it's phenomenal.
The steaks are always tender, the ribs are fall off the bone and the salads are the best.
I was going to rate 5 stars, but will only give 4 because a couple of times we have gone there has either been a several HOUR wait time, or they were closed due to unforeseen circumstances.
I would highly recommend Texas Roadhouse for anyone who wants good BBQ.

Their ribs just comes off the bone effortlessly.
It's so awesome.
The bread is also super tasty.
Love love going there!

We went there for the first time recently and was pleasantly surprised.
We got there about 8pm on a Friday night and the place was still packed.
We only waited maybe 5 minutes to get a table which wasn't bad at all.
My date had the BBQ Chicken Sandwich with a side salad.
While we were waiting for his salad to come out the server came over and said there was a mistake as he should have already receive his salad and it would be right up, which it was so not a huge deal.
A few minutes later our meals came out.
While he was hoping it was shredded chicken it was a chicken breast but said it was still quite tasty.
I had the 10oz rib eye with sides of green beans and applesauce.
The steak was cut perfectly and it was a perfect size portion.
The green beans (which the server suggested) were awesome and the applesauce was a nice sweet finish so no dessert was needed.
Another bonus is everything (steak, beans, applesauce) were all served on separate plates so no runny juices mixing all over the place which was perfect!!!!
The prices were very reasonable as well.
Overall, we both enjoyed Texas Roadhouse and will certainly be back.

Called last night @ 4:30 and tried to do call ahead seating for 6:30 for a party of 9.
We are in town and are here to see some friends.
Explained to hostess that some in the group are seniors so would need to have assurance on reservation.
I was told to call back in an hour, the thought process by her was that it was too soon to give me a time and they weren't that busy yet.
So I did as told and called back and after about 10 minutes of confusion and other waiting I was told we couldn't be seated until 7:30 or we could have seperate booths.
I explained that we needed to sit together and 2 hours was the best she could do.
I was so frustrated I told her no thanks that we would find other arrangements.
She said ok and that was it.
Nice job Texas Roadhouse.
NOT!!!
There is no excuse for not having a reservation system in place, like Open Table.
One day there will be no customers to disappoint, then maybe you will get it.

Oh, my, god.
Essentially anything you get here will be awesome.
Is it pricey?
Yeah.
Is it worth it?
Ohhh yea!
Fall off the bone ribs, amazing pulled pork, oh my goodness.

Horrible experience for a mothers day lunch.
They crammed us in a corner where they shoved industrial metal tables with picnic table covers...
Literally sat 32 people in an area they would normally sit 16 people.
Way understaffed and over crowded showing they only care about top line sales, not customer service.
Probably should call the fire Marshall to see this as I have to keep moving my baby seat whenever the table next to us needs to go to the bathroom.
Good news is we have been here 45 minutes and I have not gotten to eat yet...
Guess this is an all day experience today...

I seem to be traveling in large groups lately... this was for a volleyball tournament in Peoria, AZ.
Woo hoo!
We called ahead for our party of 25.
I don't understand why some restaurants don't take reservations, but prefer you call ahead an hour in advance to tell them that you'll be coming.
So, we called.
I've worked in enough restaurants in my life to know that 25 people can really mess up your mojo for the evening.
I also know that if you work it right, it can be a HUGE payoff... One of our waitresses seemed to "get it," the other one didn't.
The waitress at the kid's table was not very friendly.
She didn't smile much... rolled her eyes at my son's joke (which was hilarious, by the way!)...
and was generally grumpy.
I was at the kid's table, by the way :)  My steak was delicious... the 12 ounce NY Strip cooked to a perfect medium temp.
The mashed potatoes were just so so.
It was a lot of food and all of it was delicious!
It was kind of expensive.
The waitress was a grouch.
But the steak was amazing!!

I saw a food show telling that their ribs were to die for.
I have gone twice since then and they are to die for, so so tender, they fall right off the bone

If you like ribs, these are to die for.
They are cooked in a process that lasts 3 days.
These ribs are so tender, they fall off the bone.
Even good to have extras for the next day for leftovers.

I don't want to tank this place because the host couldn't seat people properly.
We actually never got seated because waited so long.
All I can judge this place on was the employees and they were talking crap about the customers, so I'm sure I wont come back to this location anytime soon unless they actually accept a reservation.

Called for reservations, was notified they do not have reservations, just have call ahead up to one hour ahead.
Thought it would be an issue but there was nothing to it!!!
The music was said to be loud but I didn't notice it being too loud at all.
There is line dancing by the employees in the middle of the restaurant too.
The best service I have received in a very long time.
Definitely worth my while being the last place I was going to eat before going back overseas to finish my tour of duty.
The meL was just the best ever.
The ribs are all that they say they are.
I look forward to coming back in a year when I get back to the states.

Since the daughter likes this place, we ended up here.
I am not a huge fan of Texas Roadhouse.
Just another steakhouse chain that offers good bread.
Now I am not saying this is a bad place!
Food is good, service is always friendly, nothing really to complain about!
Just nothing special here.
Now we have had other experience with Texas Roadhouse at other locations.
They are all the same, daughter loves their salad, and cheeseburger!
I don't remember what I have had their?
So I guess it wasn't that great?
But!
I know we will probably end up coming here again?

NEVER AGAIN!!!
OK, I place a to go order of two ribeyes was told to pick up at 6:15pm..... Once getting to the place, noticed the take out parking spots were all taken.
I drove around the parking lot, trying to find a plkace to park.
15 minutes later I find one.
I go to the "TO GO" entrance, where I am met by a young lady.
She informs me my food is right here on the counter in front of me.
Then the phone rings,and she decides to take another order instead of finishing mine.
After 5 minutes she returns to me.
I told her  about the parking situtation, and make the coment of being the only person in take out.
She told me busy night.
While leaving, I see a family come out get in their car, parked in take out, and drive away.As I am leaving I see another family pull in and go in.
I called the store, and asked to speak with the manager.
I explained what had happened, and how I felt.
The young lady said hold on I will get the boss you need to tell him!!!!!
I was then on the phone with a man name BURT, who is not only the boss, BUT THE OWNER!!!!!
I told him about what I had just went through tring do take out from his store,how I was made to wait to even get my food.......WELL, GUESS WHAT THE OWNER BURT SAID??????
STEVE, thats the price you pay for a busy store, he isnt the police,so parking wasnt his problem....
The girl, well she is the only one over there and if the phone rings????????
It took me 45 minutes to get take out!!!!
THERE IS NO EXCUSE!!!!!!!!
busy stores with bad customer service CLOSE!!!!!!

We have mostly had good experiences here but last night was so awful so here's my review.
Two $7 margaritas and I walked out completely sober.
(Tried two different ones even!
)  The waitress, Amber, tried to explain to me some frat bullshit she was told about having a drink that was cold, sweet, and sour and how you therefore don't taste the alcohol.
I am usually toast after a half of one of the Top Shelf margaritas...and no joke, I could have passed any field sobriety test.
She was an awful waitress to begin with - although not intentionally - she just seemed to be way over her head and have some sort of short term memory problem.
She did however do what she could to make sure we left barely happy - but still charging me for $7 margaritas that I disliked was crap.
We are done with that place and that will be absolutely the last time we go back.

This place is a hidden treasure.
I have visited quite a few times and have yet to be disappointed.
The steak is delicious and the sides have great flavor.
A great value for the quality of food.

This was the choice for  my birthday dinner and boy I picked a good one!!!
We came in almost peak dinner time at 6:00.
I figured since it was Wed. night we didn't need reservations and the parking lot was full.
I am in and put my name on the list thinking I would have a long wait but to my surprise we were seated in 10 min.,it must be my birthday luck.
The host already had fresh rolls & cinnamon butter set out for us which were delicious.
The waitress came quickly after took out drink order and appetizer .
I did  order a giant strawberry banana margarita it taste like a virgin margarita I have to admit.
I also ordered the fried pickles .
I never had fried pickles before .
They were delish and the cheapest on the app menu only $3.99 what a bargain and well worth ordering again.
The steaks are A #1.
I ordered the 12 oz.
hand cut rib eyewith two sides.
All done to perfection,very memorable and by far the best steak I've ever had.
My mother in law ordered the prime rib and she commented that it was the best prime rib she's ever had too.
Both cuts were tender ,flavor full and seemed like prime beef.
We were talking about my birthday and my husband & mother in law were  threatening to tell the waitress about my birthday but I know they didn't mention it to anybody .
The next thing I know the waitress came out with a little sundae ,had me sit on a saddle with the patrons saying a big her had for my birthday.
The waitress was attentive & I'm sure over heard our conversation about my birthday.
The over all experience was memorable.
The prices were sooo reasonable and I highly recommend it to everybody.
I will definitely come back again.
I will also measure all my future steak orders to the best steak I ever had.

Last night I decided to take my wife out to diner to celebrate a special occasion.
The service was horrible.
We got there, ordered our food got it.
When we got our stakes they where 50% greasy fat and 50% meat.
My wife and I asked for a well done steak and we got medium well.
I explained to a manager that we asked for well done because my wife was pregnant and he blew us off he didn't even bother to ask us if we wanted different steak.
Our sides where also cold and where brought out as we were leaving.
We only saw our waitress twice.
Once when We got our order and a second time when she brought our food out.
I had to get up twice for refills and walk over to the bar.
I also had to ask the front end people for our bill.
I was very disappointed and feel like we got crappy service.
Our waitress Reba was horrible and so was her ignorant manager.
I will never visit this place again!

I have been here several times.
I don't personally like it but my husband likes going here for steak.
The place is very crowded and cramped.
When I am ordering, the waitresses always give me several additional options of how to have the food (ie potato) but states it as a run-on so I am always confused where the break is.
The last time we were there,  I ordered a sweet potato (planned to give to my 11 month old).
The waitress listed 6 toppings, without breaking.
I said I wanted the minimal.
I was given a sweet potato with 3 unnecessary toppings.
They had a high chair for us but it was far away from the table and had very loose straps that didn't work for my daughter.
I ended up having to keep her in my lap during our visit.

My son picked this place for his bday dinner as he had been here before and liked it - since it was his pick off we went.
We went for dinner last night (easter) arrived at 5:15 and it was definetly crowded, but we were greeted quickly and sat immediatly.
I love how the hostess brings the hot rolls and cinnamon butter as she is seating you.
Those rolls were delish!!
Our waitress came shortly after and took our drink and appetizer order.
Our appetizer came quickly and she took the rest of our order.
All through the experience, our waitress was very friendly and frequented our table just enough times - not too much and not to little.
the food is where the issue lays...we had the cheese fries for appetizer (bday boy pick) - basic steak fries topped with lots of cheese and bacon - sounds good right?
well they were, but they were also topped with way too much of a salt seasoning - we were able to pick through some, but it was just too much.
the boys ordered fall off the bone ribs - which they were and they seemed to enjoy them.
Pulled pork was also ordered and was given an "good"   - the star of the meal was chicken fried chicken - huge portion, pounded thin, deep fried, and covered with a white gravy.
How could you go wrong there?
The sides were good - loaded mashed potatos, basic salad, applesauce.
The chili was also ordered and again loaded with salt - couldn't be eaten.
there was a mix up with not all sides being brought to our table, but the waitress quickly fixed that.
the portions are big and we took most of it home - no room for dessert.
quick note:  the bathroom was disgusting and that alone would make it hard for me to return.
if the bathroom is so dirty what does the kitchen look like?

Best prime rib in the valley!
Very friendly staff

Everything's Bigger in Texas...except the tables  This has to be my first visit to TEXAS ROADHOUSE, because whenever I see any sign or *anything* relating to Texas, I keep driving.
And actually, I did that this time I was invited there for a birthday dinner, but that's just because I missed the entrance.
The atmosphere was pleasant - again, if you're a TX fan, the staff was fantastic and the rolls and shelled peanuts aplenty.
I was greeted by Don, our server who was extremely attentive, positive and quick.
Oh, and gorgeous, to boot.
Can I put that in here?
I ordered the Portobello Mushroom Chicken with buttered corn and mashed potatoes.
The bread served and my sides were good, although a spoon would've worked better than trying to get the remains out of the little dish with a fork.
The chicken was pretty good, but...not as much as the delicious mushrooms.
It was just enough food for a very reasonable price of $10.99.
I didn't need to take any home with me, nor eat anything in addition once home.
They didn't (want to, or were accustomed to) sing for my mother for her birthday, but they did gather, clap and did a big Texas YEE-HA or is it YEE-AH?
Eh, again... *Texas* is a place I mess with.
The only real issue I had was the tables were VERY small and, with/without the group of 9 we had, I had to share mine with two others.
Now, I didn't have a problem with that, I enjoyed the company, but since the table was so small and there were so many extras on the table - bucket'o'peanuts, bread basket and empty drinking glasses that, sadly, weren't taken when new ones came - we had barely any room for my elbows to rest on the table.
Yeah, I know I'm not really supposed to do that... :-)  It's a recommendation, especially from what I heard elsewhere for their ribs, steaks, etc.
And if I could request Don again, even if just his number, I'll probably change my rating from 4 stars to 5 STARS, just for him going the extra mile.
:-)

Only have been a couple of times in the past 5 years and the service was good but the food is just okay.
My husband and I shared a dinner together since we are on a budget.
Had an onion blossom (small taste of burnt oil), dinner salad (which they lost the ticket for the order and brought it out after we got our dinner).
Food getting cold while we ate our salad and the portion size of the meal wasn't that great, a small piece of chicken, little bowl of mashed potatoes and veggies.

This location is better than metrocenter.
I wasn't to pleased with our waiter.
but, hey!
you win some you loose some.
Food was alright.

We've been here quite a few times over the years and have only had one bad experience a few years ago.
In that case we talked to the manager and he not only comped our meal (there were 4 of us), he gave us a $50 gift card toward our next visit.
As I said, that was our only bad experience.
Four of us went there last week and once again, fabulous.
I can't say enough good about this restaurant.
It may be a little noisy but the staff are very friendly and attentive.
The food is absolutely delicious whether it's the appetizers, entrees or desserts.
Their steaks are so juicy and tender, they just melt in your mouth.
No sauces are even required.
I'd love to know their secret so I could grill them like that myself.
I believe I'm a customer for life!

I've fallen in love with their pickle chips & mashed potatoes.

Is now my new favorite local steakhouse.

Always have had great food and friendly service here.
The bread is excellent and fresh.
Service last time,when we sat at the bar,was a little slow and clueless,but she was very friendly and meant well.I'm not one to get upset easily over a couple of forgotton items.Had to ask for our waters twice because she forgot both times.
But still,had a good time and great food.
Prices are very reasonable too.
I highly reccomend.

I never used to be big on Texas Roadhouse, but lately I can't get enough of it.
I realized that I was never particularly fond of their burger, which is what I used to order before I discovered that their BBQ Pulled Pork Sandwich was the best thing ever.
Now that is all I order here and all I ever want to order, because it is so good.
I also love the loaded fries with bacon and cheese!
And obviously everybody knows that their bread rolls are one of the best things about coming here.
Those butter rolls are so addictive that I am almost full before the main course even arrives.
The wait staff is usually quite good, although one thing I don't like about the restaurant is that it is very loud, although I guess that is to be expected for a place like this.
I still think its a very fun experience!
So what a difference a few years makes!
I never was excited about my family deciding to eat at Texas Roadhouse, but now I am the one suggesting to come here (although I still wouldn't recommend the burger)!

Veterans Day- free meal for vets.
Arrived about 11:30 am, had a wait of about 1 hour, but the staff managed the crowd very well.
Every space taken, yet service was great and very prompt, our server Julie was a jewel!
Fast efficient and sincerely thanked my husband as a veteran.
Steak was very good and tender as always(our 5th visit, and we live 50'miles away) A definite must on our list of affordable and enjoyable dining out.

Yeah, meh.
MEH!
The steaks are par for this course!
Outback, Black Angus quality.
Sides are ok as well.
The rolls however shine!
Shine on you crazy rolls, shine on!!!
They are sooooo good.
You can watch them make them while you wait for your table!
And wait you will!!!
Even if you call ahead you will wait!!!
The other plus is you can throw your peanut shells on the floor.
just like a regular saw-dust on the floor whore house!
The reason this place gets the 2 stars and not 3 or the elusive 3.5 is the salad!
Twice, that's right I said it, TWICE now I've gotten a salad with bad lettuce.
Gross lettuce.
Lettuce past the prime of it's life!
Not knowing or caring that the best days are behind him now.
Just clinging to the chance to be someone's salad.
What I'm trying to say is that the lettuce on my salad was bad.
Both times the server said "We've been getting bad lettuce lately.
" It must happen often because they have a whole little spiel about it.
2nd time I asked for the manager and some 'ol boy named Garrett (He looked like a Garrett too!
) saddled up and gave me the Manager's Special of the same story I just heard!!!!
People.
How hard is it to find good lettuce?!?!

20 oz.
ribeye was delish, cooked to perfection.
Skinny margarita was the best ever with fresh squeezed lime & orange juice & texas style, large only 180 calories.

Not bad for a chain.
I like that they have the peanuts.
:)  For the celiacs... they have a gluten free menu!
I did not get glutened when ordering off that menu.
The steaks...
PERFECTLY cooked.
It couldn't have been done better, and that's rare these days.

Catfish was GREAT 5 out of 5.
My wife liked the steak 4 out of 5 steak fries was GREAT 5 out of 5 and the baked potato was good 4 out 5.
Overall 4.5 out of 5 will go back

Went there on my birthday, was awesome.
The place was slammed, food was great.
I've got to warn you don't eat too many bread rolls, they are quite filling.
When all was said and done they had me sit on a horse saddle and gave my a big yeeehaw happy birthday.

Very long wait, but the food is great.
Excellent prices and the food is always great!

went to one in Texas and the ribs are equally as good as AZ

I had been to this Texas Roadhouse a couple of times before and the food and service was good, but that was not the case tonight.
We walked in and stood at the host stand and were never even greeted or acknowledged when there was a host standing three feet away!!!
After waiting 5-10 minutes we just gave up and left.
Probably not going to come back here again.

We visited tonight (day before Mother's Day) and like the other 2 restaurants we had visited....were SLAMMED!
We actually made call ahead reservstions only to find out that they were made at the wrong Texas Roadhouse location,  so when we arrived at the correct location they had to technically "squeeze us in" Keep in mind that the walk up wait time at this point was 60-85 minutes.
All of the girls at the hostess station were super helpful and enlisted their Manager to help us out.
Although we still had to wait a little while to be seated, the manager or someone (to our surprise)  had sent out an order of chicken fingers for our boys who were so hungry.
Not long after that we were seated and everything was timely and great, even for such a busy night.
Todd (the manager) and his table seating  helper (an older gentleman) were awesome at accommodating us and made our whole party feel as if we were the only ones there.
Wish all restaurant managers and staff were this great!
We will be back FOR SURE!

We hadn't been to this location for several years (don't ask me why) so we went last night.
Wow we're we impressed.
The food and service were well above average and of course Saturday nights all the restaurants in the area are packed...especially at 7PM.
We won't wait so long to come back!

Great atmosphere.
If you call ahead the wait isn't bad.
Yummy steaks for a reasonable price.

Third time here, exceptional experience.
Hubby wanted to go here for Father's Day - are you kidding?
Both times before, the place was PACKED, with people overflowing outside, so we knew today especially it would be filled to the brim with people.
It was, but we called ahead and only waited 15 minutes.
We were seated and given our freshly prepared rolls and honey butter - YUM.
Reba was our waitress.
Out of the 5 of us, 1 had never been there before, so Reba explained quickly and very efficiently the entire menu and how things are prepared.
We ordered our drinks which she delivered quickly, and took our order.
They were SO busy, and service never lagged.
Our salads came out quickly, and our entrees were perfectly timed, giving us all time to chomp down some warm rolls and eat our salads.
Here's what we ordered:  8 oz.
Dallas Filet, med-rare.
OMG.
That was the BEST filet any of us has ever tasted.
No kidding.
I put that up against a Ruth's Chris or a Fleming's filet any day.
And yes, I have had a filet at both of those places.
It made our eyes roll back it was so good.
2 of us ordered the 10 oz.
Prime Rib, both med-rare.
WOW.
Again, some of the best prime rib we've EVER had.
It was so lean and tender, with a perfect size edge of fat around the top side of it.
Hubby and I have been to a handful of upscale restaurants here in the Valley who supposedly specialize in Prime Rib, and we have been extremely disappointed.
Those of you out there who really like prime rib know what I'm talking about.
Most places around the Valley serve this big slab of meat that has a lot of fat in it.
You're left with a piece the size of a child's palm by the time you cut out the icky stuff.
Or you get it, and you have to chew and chew on it.
But not at TX Roadhouse!
We couldn't have been more pleased with their Prime Rib.
Fillet Medallions, medium, shared by 2 people who added a couple side salads.
They said it was very good, too.
We had loaded baked potatoes, fresh veggies, applesauce, and salads for our sides.
All good.
Potatoes were a little dry.
We were checked on by at least 3 different people, and were even given a coupon for a free appetizer for our next visit.
That's what pushed my rating to a 5.
Keep up the good work, TX Roadhouse!
You will see us again!

We had a great experience.
One of our greatest difficulties is finding a restaurant that has a decent kid's menu.
We ordered the rib basket for our two little ones and they loved it!
The meat had a nice flavor without an over abundance of salt.
Also, the peanuts helped keep our kids entertained while we waited for our food.
The service was top-notch.
Our kids food was to our table quickly (which we always ask for) and our food was not too far behind.
My wife had the smothered chicken which was moist, flavorful, and nicely balanced with onions, mushrooms, and cheese.
I had the 8 oz sirloin prepare to a medium which was actually done correctly.
My sweet potato and grilled onions were excellent sides to complement the steak.
Overall, fantastic experience.
It is definitely a "go-to" for my family when we are craving a solid meal for a great price.

NEVER AGAIN, will I step foot in this location.
Management is rude and unprofessional.
Manager Bert is a rude, egotistical, jerk!
As we were in the process of following the hostess, a female manager walked threw her hands in our face to stop, and sent the hostess away to go dance.
The manager turned her back to us, and we were left standing clueless as to what we needed to do.
When we approached her to let her know how rude the service was, Bert, the unprofessional manager stepped in.
Not once did he apologize, he made a ton of excuses, and started YELLING at us.
How embarrassing!!!!!
By that time, we were furious, and walked out.
I called back to get the manager's name.
Once again, Bert stepped in (that's how we got his name), and started screaming at us.
He said he would never apologize, because "that's not the Texas Roadhouse way.
" Not once did he offer a solution, and said there was no point in calling corporate, because he would get the complaint, and he "just didn't care".
What kind of manager is this?
I'm appalled at the stupidity of whoever put this animal in charge!
He ought to be fired.
I'm scared to think what would happen to customers who have a problem once having been seated!
Service is big to me, and a shame that one jerk could ruin this entire company for our family.

Grabbing lunch with my wife.....bbq sauce everywhere!
I love a good steak and although this is a chain style restaurant their steaks are consistent as is the rest of the meal!
My favorite location is at Metro Center, although we do stop in at the Arrowhead location from time to time.

Good as always.
friendly staff and good food.
They let the Peoria Fire Dept.
fund raise money for the 19 firefighters who just died in the fires.
This really shows how they support the local community.
This makes them top notch in my book.
Will come back in the future.

My fiance and I stopped here for lunch this last weekend.
We were seated promptly and waited for our server.
We waited a good 10-15 minutes for our server.
When she finally came over we each ordered a beer and a water.
She came back approximately 5 minutes later with our water and said she was waiting on the beer.
There was no one seated at the bar and the place was nearly empty so I'm not really sure why she had to wait for our beers.
We ordered when she gave us our waters.
She then walked away and 15  minutes later we still didn't have out beers.
If they were super busy I would understand but there were maybe 4 other tables in the whole place.
We were seated right behind the hostess stand and watched 4 employees and the manager who seemed to busy flirting and joking with his employees to do his job joke around and talk about their weekends.
After waiting nearly 30 minutes for our beers to arrive and watching the disgusting manager flirt with 17 year olds we walked out.
I will never eat here again.
The service and management is absolutely horrible!!!
I will be sure to warn friends and family about this place.

This has become our regular go-to restaurant as it just keeps getting better.
Try the Chicken Cesar salad with homemade croutons and Roadhouse fresh dressing...absolutely delicious.
The best Cesar I've ever had.
Their steaks are all delicious and well cooked.
Love their hot fresh rolls and cinnamon butter....to die for.

I was here on a very busy Saturday night.
The wait to be seated was 15 minutes longer than we were originally quoted.
Once we were seated the service was ok, but could have been better even with the crowd.
The food was good, but the steak was actually a little tough.
Overall it was a decent meal though, and would come here again the next time I'm in town.

I am usually a big fan of Texas Roadhouse and go there plenty.
This one is usually pretty on as well but tonite it wasnt and I just got on yelp and will go with my total service tonite.
The server was Joshua and he really wasnt that good.
He spoke quick and when I asked for some extra rolls, butter and sugar for my regular tea he brought me 30 and said is that enough??
I was like yeah I was only needing 2-3.
The food was dry but the tater was good.
My date enjoyed it but also said it wasnt their best.
It was a decently busy night but not super busy as always.
I hope it was just a hiccup and not the usual

Texas Roadhouse is a great value.
Big portions that you can actually split and share to save money and still be full.
Unlimited peanuts and bread rolls.
My only negative is that I always have to send my steak and or prime rib back because its never prepared as requested.

The steak was grilled to perfection, just like it always is at Texas Roadhouse.
And to top it off our server was awesome.
She made the experience top notch.
I personally recommend this location... Or any Texas Roadhouse for that matter.

This location can get very busy on weekend nights, I recommend calling ahead for reservations.
We enjoyed our meal.
The prices look decent on the menu but if you want your steak smothered or a loaded baked potato then you will need to pay an extra few bucks.
The service was good, waters were filled and rolls refilled.

We stop here every time we come to Arizona.
I ordered the pork chops and they were very moist and tender.
I love Texas red chili because it doesn't have beans and the heat is perfect!
Service was great too.

I think I have been here before...Where is my review from that?
Who knows?
Anyways, we waited 20 mins for a table for 4 on a Saturday night at 7pm.
Not too bad considering the place was PACKED with people.
I wanted prime rib and they are OUT.
Bummer.
So I got the New York Strip with mash potato with cheese and bacon, and buttery corn.
It was good.
The bread and cinnamon butter is the BOMB.
The service was great.
Why the 4 stars?
How can you be out of prime rib?

Knowing what I know, I should Know better.
It has been a while since I have been to a restaurant like this.
Logan's Roadhouse, Roadhouse Grill and Texas Roadhouse are all one in the same.
There actually is some kind of extended founding member split apart and competed with one another type relationship.
Anyway we went for lunch and I remembered pretty quickly "Oh yeah I do not like these places".
Ribs were actually DRY.
Yes Dry.
They were tender just DRY.
Baked potato was old.
The texture was dry as if it was a re-heated potato..maybe it wasn't but it tasted and appeared as if it was.
Ribs were not heated through.
I know thy just grill them to finish them to order but they needed another few minutes on the grill.
Caesar dressing tasted like ranch dressing.
All in all..yeah yeah yeah the schtick of peanuts on the floor and meh food.
If you think it is so great I am sure Olive garden and Red Lobster also appreciate your business.
That does not make any of them good !

Wanted to take out the family for a great steak(from what I had heard) since we were visiting from California.There were 9 in our party.
We called ahead so were seated as soon as we got there.
Our waitress was great took our order quickly, kept our glasses & bread filled :) When the food started coming out they have you check your steak is done how you wanted.
3 of the 7 steaks went back, when mine came back it was still under done,sent it back again came back under done again!!!!
Eventually came back done but by them I was full on bread.
The manager took two of the steaks off to make it better.
I may try it again(not this location)

This review is based off the NEW GOODYEAR LOCATION (Pebble Creek and McDowell) They have only been open couple weeks new so no yelp page is made for them yet I guess.
But my family and I ate there last night 12/2/13 for my fiancés birthday and my dad got food Poisoning for the roasted chicken.
He was violently sick all last night and into today.
He ended going to the doctor and The doctor did confirm food poisoning.
We did check the left over chicken in the refrigerator we had brought home and the chicken was very red.
Make sure the Chicken is cooked!!!
Will never order chicken here!!
And probably will not be a top choice of restaurants to eat at in my neighborhood.
Again this is for the GOODYEAR LOCATION.

ORIGINALLY POSTED TO MY OLD YELP ACCOUNT IN DECEMBER, 2011.
SINCE THAT POSTING WE HAVE ALSO BEEN TO THE ONE IN MURRIETA, CA, AND WE FOUND BOTH THE SAME GREAT SERVICE AND QUALITY FOOD AS WE FOUND AT THE PEORIA, AZ LOCATION.
We found this restaurant almost by accident, but I'll take accidents like this any day!
We drove to AZ specifically to eat at a restaurant that apparently closed down about three years ago.
Since there were was almost no place to park at this one, we decided to check it out.
When we first walked in and saw that they were crowded at not quite 5PM, we knew we'd hit  paydirt!
This place hand cuts their own meat, and they have a display counter showing patrons the meat.
While waiting for seating and then the meal, we munched on peanuts and could throw the shells on the floor (just like our own Northwoods Inn).
I ordered the 20 oz.
bone-in ribeye, which comes with two sides.
Out if the several sides offered, I chose the green beans and the sweet potato.
My other half chose the catfish with the same sides.
My ribeye was cooked to perfection, and was very tender.
The green beans were full of bacon, just the way I like them.
The most pleasant surprise was the sweet potato.
It was baked with butter, cinnamon, brown sugar, and  lots of marshmallows--just as good as when I bake them at home!
Don's catfish was very good as well, according to him.
The staff was very courteous, professional, and helpful.
When our server, Jessica, found out that we had never been to a Texas Roadhouse before, she spent a lot of time explaining our menus choices to us.
The manager, Budd, also came over when he found out we were newbies, and gave us a coupon for a free appetizer at a later date.
All in all, a most pleasant dining experience.
There's only one complaint I have-- WE NEED ONE IN RANCHO CUCAMONGA!
(The closest one to us is in Murrieta)

Used "called ahead seating", which is something they offer so you don't have to wait, but ended up waiting 20 minutes anyway for an "okay" steak.
Nothing to write home about.

We enjoyed a late dinner last night, the food tasted fine, the service did not live up to their 'legendary' reputation.
Our main complaint was that our server's hand smelled strongly of cigarettes- so when he placed drinks or food on our table, the putrid smell greeted us before the aroma of the food.
If he doesn't wash his hands after a smoke, does he wash his hands after using the bathroom?
Gross!

3.5 stars  Walking into this place, I felt like I really am walking into a steakhouse in Texas!
Large families, all wood sticky (from beer?
) floors, loud country music...this place was packed!
Though I don't care for the atmosphere, we loved the food!
It's true what they say, everything IS bigger in Texas!
We shared an awesome blossom (fried onion),  a bone in ribeye medium rare to share, which came with a side of baked potato and chili.
Mmmmm so good!
Needless to say we had many leftovers and made a delicious steak and eggs breakfast the next morning :)  OMG did I mention the biscuits?
I was trying to keep my hands off them to save space for the meat but it was so hard!
The cinnamon butter they give you with the bread is irresistible.
Definitely going back again for the steaks.

The steak shish kabob switched recipes and is now overcooked, tiny pieces of steak.
Not to mention there is a three drink maximum!
I have never been to a restaurant with such ridiculous restrictions.
The service is excellent but the changes they have made will definitely keep us out of that Texas Roadhouse!

Call ahead.
Eat lots of rolls.
Get the double pork chop, and you will be in heaven.
Key is to call ahead.
Ive never had a problem here and always loved my food.

My husband and I had been painting our house all day when we decided to treat ourselves to a steak dinner.
We opted for take out seeing as how we were covered in paint and looked rather grungy.
We had the 16 oz ribeye ( I think!?
) but it was the best damn take out we have ever had.
They included the rolls, the yummy butter, everything was awesome.
Usually take out isn't as good, but not here at the Texas Roadhouse, it rocks!!!!

Incredible service!
Go sit at the bar and pray that Reba is working.
My husband and I went last night because their steaks are always cooked perfectly and priced right.
We had the pleasure of having Reba and Tony help us.
If I could take Reba to every restaurant that I go to for the rest of my life and serve us, I would!
She was that good!
Oh, and the NY strip and bone-in ribeye we had were perfect.
I like my steaks VERY RARE, and I'm usually disappointed at other restaurants, but never at Texas Roadhouse.
The brocolli was a tad over seasoned, but that's what the beer is there for right??

I know, I know....a five star for a chain restaurant.
But seriously the steaks are absolutely delicious here.
Sure it's not Ruth Chris served with sizzling butter....but there are two "made from scratch" sides always included!
Their steaks are always prepared exactly how I ask, very little fat,  juicy and thick.
The 6 oz  sirloin is pretty close to the tenderness of a filet.
We ate here on a Thursday night, arriving at 5:30 and it was pretty crowded.
We chose to eat at the bar, which was great because we got excellent service and met a few interesting people.
As soon as we sat down, we had delicious hot rolls and cinnamon butter sitting in front of us.
So good, you can't keep them full in the basket.
Also a big bucket of peanuts at the bar will keep you busy while cracking them open.
We ordered ribs for an appetizer which were crazy delish, falling off the bone smothered with a really nice mild bbq sauce, which didn't over power the smokiness of the ribs.
We both ordered the 6 oz sirloin, mine with baked potato and Caesar salad and my husbands with baked potato and a salad with honey mustard dressing.
Caesar's was tasty and the dressing was spot on.
The steaks were perfect....wonderful and flavorful.
If you order extra toppings for your baked potato  (bacon, cheese, sour cream)...they charge with out telling you.
Come Monday thru Thursday before 6pm for dinner and you can get their early bird special and save some $$$ that you can use towards their Legendary Margaritas :)  We always return to this location.
Quality food, superb service, fun atmosphere.

Why have I never been here before!
Omg the steaks (ribeye specifically) was so soft and yummy...you don't even need steak sauce.
It was cooked perfectly.
Also...the ribs were pretty yummy as well!
I ordered the Texas size combos with ribeye and ribs and buttered corn and seasoned rice.
Sides were def disappointing tho.
The buttered corn was too salty and so was the rice.
My family ordered ceasar salad and they loved that.
And I guess I'm goin backwards but the cinnamon butter and hotrolls are bombdiggity...yup J just said bombdiggity!
Lol I had like three rolls which filled me up plus I had the frozen margarita...soooo good!
I came in a large cup and I finished it all!
I obviously didn't have enough room for my food...but no matter because I will eat it for lunch :) two for one!
This is a really great place to eat...4 stars for the atmostphere, the service, steaks, rolls and cinnamon butter, and the yummy margarita.
2.5 for the sides though.
All in all a great experience so they get a 3.5!!!
And def will come back again!

This is the first time eating here but it was amazing!
We told them it was our first time and we got a free appetizer and a coupon for another one!
The food was all very tasty, the waitress made great recommendations, and our 3 year old enjoyed all the dipping sauces.
We will be back for sure!

Standard Texas Roadhouse.
We were seated as soon as we walked in the door.
I ordered the Prime Rib and it was excellent.
I also had a caesar salad with my food.

This place is so nasty and completely over priced...
The ribs are boiled and disgusting..
I would never recommend to anyone

Used call ahead reservation and was seated in 5 min which was great.
But, very disappointed in the quality of the steaks and they were overcooked.
My medium rare large filet was about an 1/2 inch thick and medium well at best.
My husbands porterhouse had so much gristle he could hardly eat it.
Far cry from the awesome steaks just across the parking lot at Firebirds.
Will not return.

My review is a little lat I know it's been 5 days since I have been here but I finally have time to say how I felt about it.
Me and some close friends decided to go to this location due to the fact it was close to their house I was just at the metro center location 2 weeks prior for my fathers birthday which was a 5 star experience.
I used the call ahead thing for seating and was told we would have a table when we arrived at 8 pm Well we arrived and no one knew about my call in which I had a code of P873 which was to be given when we arrived to get our table.
But they gave us a buzz thing to let us know about the table readiness which we waited an additional 25 minutes for seating we got seated finally and they put a table together which was connected to a booth and left a one person walk way to the 2 tables behind us which was very inconvenient for us and the servers everyone got the hot bread before us after they sat down and we had to ask for our which we were told we had to wait because there was none at the moment and we got our appetizers late our server Darin was awesome for what the location provided him to assist with serving our party of 7.
The food was amazing and cooked just right as usual I got the 16oz ribeye which was so tender and juicy and melted with every bite.
My side was small potatoes in a bowl big enough for my 11 month old child but at the metro center location the just stabbed all the Potatoe goodness and flowing gravy on the plate but not this location.
I called the manager the next day to complain about the seating thing because I felt it was unfair of them to advertise that when it's simply not true in my particular experience with the restaurant.
I was told I would get a call back later in the day by the store manager and never was called back.
I won't be back to this place but I will go to the metro center restaurant in the future because the food is always amazing.

Our server was awesome but the food was horrible, and what I mean by that is it wasn't very sanitary.
I ordered a baked potato and when I was spreading my butter I noticed something hard and black in it.
My husband took it out and cracked it open and it seemed to be a hard piece of mold.
Management insisted that it was a burnt piece of steak and it obviously wasn't, i'm not too sure how a burnt piece of steak would end up in a container of butter, and besides, why would they allow anything to do with meat around dairy products during preparation, wouldn't that be a type of cross-contamination??
Never will I eat at this restaurant again, and I feel maybe they should be visited by a health inspector.

Always yummy!
The steak is outstanding and the salmon isn't bad either.
I love this steakhouse far more than other more expensive places.
There can be a bit of a wait during dinner time but I don't mind because the food is always awesome.
The appetizers are also good, especially the onion blossom.

First time I have ever been to this restaurant.
It was a mind-blowing flavor explosion!
Awesome food combinations and super knowledgeable, and ultra friendly  staff.
Our server was Steph.
A special shout out to you for making us feel welcome.
Thank you.
Great knowledge of the menu and a super sweet demeanor and personality.
Hopefully your manager is reading this and hears me say:  Job well done :-).
Thank you to the whole staff for making my "State Board Barber Exam Victory Meal"  a rockin' good one!
Cheers y'all!

A Saturday night with a few friends.
We had to wait  20 minutes in the Phoenix sun.
Service was impeccable.
I loved the rattlesnake eggs and my steak was cooked perfect.
Everyone had something different and there were no complaints on the quality of the food or taste.
There were pork chops, chopped steak thing, prime rib, filet and a NY strip delivered to our table.
I have one regret.
I am not a fan of their flavored lemonades.
I tried the peach and strawberry and they both have a very odd and off-putting aftertaste (IMHO).
I will stick to Iced Tea when I return.

My favorite spot!
Great friendly workers always happy and loud!
Love the atmosphere!
Best place to take a group or just one on one.
No reasons to give this place lower then a 5 star!
Very we'll managed!

Service was kind of lousy.
Came here on a holiday and so it was a mad house.
Our estimated wait time was completely off.
We waited for 45 mins when they told us 20.
Food was good.

Your contact form fails in any browser, none of the stores populate.
No Arizona stores come up on your location search.
First impression was great.
Loved the peanuts at the door and on the table.
Hot rolls as soon as we sat down, great.
Now the not so great.
Waited too long for water on a hot as heck day.
Blooming onion burnt.
Steak tasted like someone dumped a bucket of salt on it and it was over cooked.
Green beans mushy, watery and lacked flavor, even from the hard bits of what looked like bacon.
Ribs were only so-so.
Waitress forgot to being ketchup for my dad's fries.
Salads were just ok.    Based on this experience I won't be back again.

