Coming from NY to have a nice pizza joint close to your house is great.
Good pizza with real NY attitude, sort of breaks up all the politeness.

Located on the SW corner of Deer Valley & 83rd avenue in strip mall that facecs north.
Good slices at lunch time here, great cheese, service is nothing to complain about, and there's adequate seating which is always a plus.
Same chain as Happy Valley location and 59th Ave. location I believe.

I love this place.
It's far from my home, but close to my brother's so whenever I visit him, I need to get some pizza and wings.
Large cheese pizza and 20 wings runs you $19.99.
Can't beat that for what you get.
The wings are exactly how I like them... crispy and Frank's hot sauce on them.
Pizza can get a bit card-boardy but I love the sauce and cheese.
It reminds me of the Pizza Den in NJ.

Amazing fresh slices today.
Always 2-4 pies to choose from and they start coming out of the oven right before 11 am.
They've repainted and redesigned the lighting inside so it has a little more cozy feel (not as bright as before).
Lunch special is hard to beat - 2 slices, soft drink, for only $4.25 *including* tax!
They have some of the best tasting cheese of any pizza place in the west valley.
Crust is always just right as well.

one of the best new york style pizza joints on the west coast.
I love their huge slices of cheesy thin crust pizza.

Excellent food, awesome staff.
I can count on Ray's again and again for a delicious meal.

Best pizza in town!
Their staff is friendly, and fun!
They have amazing wings and pizza.
The large pizza is so big it doesn't actually fit in the box!
There is always enough for leftovers in the morning, and it's a treat!
I just wish they would deliver...

This Ray's is as good as they get.
I've been to several over the years, but who hasn't?
I had never been to this one until I moved a few months back to the area.
I must say that I have never experienced poor customer service at a Ray's, but the customer service at this particular location is out of this world GREAT.
The employees smile so big it looks like it hurts and bend over backward to make you feel welcome and that your business is GREATLY apprecaited.
You ask for a ranch, they come back with three.
You ask for ONE extra wing sauce, they beg you to take two, and they don't even mention that there are already extras in the bag.
SO REFRESHING.
Oh geez, I got so caught up in the service that I neglected to mention that their pies are friggin perfect.
For New York style pie my wife and I like it a little crispy on the bottom with plenty of sauce and chees on top.
For a Ray's, this place does it perfect, every time.
Thanks guys.

I love their wings they are nice and meaty with good flavor.
Their sicilian style is super huge and yummy!
I get extra cheese on mine.
The place is kept clean and has a nice pizza parlor appearance.
Service is with a smile and they are great for conversation also.

Loyal customer from the East Coast for years.
Excellent food.
Pizza is always awesome.

Pizza was pretty good.
We had a large half-cheese half pep and sausage plus a dozen hot wings.
The wings?
Horrible.
They were very small, NOT very hot even though they were ordered as hot.
But the worst was they had an "off" taste to them.
Not sure if they were spoiled or what but I ate one and threw the rest away.
Sorry but I can't give more than 2 stars.
I can't really comment on the service too much.
My togo order was taken over the phone by a pleasant gentleman and I sent my daughter to pick up.

Finally a good steak and cheese great meat not  to greasy not to salty they put  marinara sauce on it so if you like it traditional don't forget  ask for no sauce.
My wife gets chicken fingers and she loves them.
I'm not a huge fan of the pizza bit it's great value.
It's great that you can grab a slice and a drink for cheap and fast.
The buffalo wings are really small like the picture shows but cheap and tasty.
Very very fast and friendly and great place to bring kids.
No delivery but they have your order ready fast...

Wow, great service, great pizza and sandwiches, we love this place.
Definitely give them a try!

The pizza had no flavor would rather of had frozen a pizza.
We also had fried mozzarella sticks and Fried Zucchini when they came out they were burnt.

Don't believe the hype....just ok.
The honey BBQ wings were gross.
Smothered in a ton of sauce!
The regular hot wings (well done) were decent.

I have been eating here since I was a sophomore in high school.
love the customer service and the food.
they make you feel like family everyday.
will Never eat pizza any where else.
Gooooooood stuff

Best pizza in the world!
Amazing food & even more amazing customer service!

Love this pizza!
Very close to the style back home in jersey!
People are cool, too!

Best place ever.
Awesome pizza.
Great employees.
They are so friendly and stayed open late for me and my friends.
That's great customer service!

Best.
Pizza.
Ever.
Awesome food...they staff is beyond amazing.
Favorite place to eat.

I don't think I have had a bad experience at any of the Ray's in the North Valley.
As we have moved, there has always been one nearby.
The staff are always friendly and the food is always good!
If you can eat pizza without a napkin, it's not pizza!
It should be juicy, flopy and messy-with cheese that tastes like cheese and fresh veggies.
My wife grew up in Queens and Long Island- this is NY Pizza!
Thanks Rays!

Had a loaded pizza, deep fried mushrooms and hot wings!
Great service and delicious food!
This was our first time here and we will be back!
Good job guys!

Great pizza the white  pizza is the bomb !!
Their wings are delicious as well!
The guys are always super friendly!

Always friendly staff, pizza is tasty too.
The pizza is always large enough for 4-5 depending on appetites.

My Friend, Ray's is amazing.
First off, the personal touch here is wonderful--very friendly and kind.
The pizza is delicious.
It is NY style THIN crust, and does not dissapoint.
Their wings are also VERY good.
IMO Ray's and Barro's are the best pizza places in the area and its great because theyre entirely different.
If you want fresh, great tasting thin crust pizza, youd be stupid to eat anywhere else.

Better than Barro's, but still disappointing.
Got heartburn after eating it.
What causes heartburn, anyway?
Still looking for great pizza in this area.
On an aside, I was overcharged  by several dollars.
Didn't notice it until after I left.
Check your check!

Born and raised in NY.
Transplanted to AZ via NJ two years ago.
About as close to NY/NJ pizza you'll get in the area.
All food is delicious.
The white pizza is to die for.

The customer service at this place is outstanding!
You feel like a long lost friend when you walk in the door.
Food is great also.

Excellent pizza, great wings, I dare you to find a nicer couple of guys anywhere than the owners here.
Ray's is about as Arizona as cactus and rattlesnakes and after nearly 35 years of eating this brand, it still is just about untouchable- top 5 in the state, time after time.

Only reason not 5 stars is because they do not deliver.
Food is great.
Amazing customer service and feel is family owned!

This was my first time trying ray's and I have to say I am completely pleased!
The service was so friendly the food was delicious and pretty inexpensive.
The pizza and wings are great.
The cook was very interactive and energetic!
I will definitely be back soon!

The prices are a little high and the food is ok.
I have had better pizza.
The wings where also ok.
The people where nice both times we have eaten there.

