This is a typical Bashas.
The store itself is very clean.
Produce looked fresh when we were there.
We purchased scallops which were really tasty and cheaper than Costco.
I can always find everything I'm looking for.
The workers are very friendly.
They always greet me with a smile.

Have been coming here for years sporadically when staying in Sun City  and must say this store is your over all best bet for shopping satisfaction in the area.
To start I must applaud the management for having a extremely diverse and yet amazingly chosen staff from retirees to high school kids to everything in between that all work simultaneously together.
Second on a side plus note there is Starbucks and a wells Fargo bank inside the location.
Hands down freshest and best bakery around they have these little old ladies wake up at like 3am to make the donuts and Danish so don't miss out!
Good fresh pizza and I assume there other hot food is just as good from the looks although never personally tasted.
Btw pizza is best in the area, defiantly including the joint next door in the same plaza.
The negatives, the fish I was told is currently from china so sea food is a Big No No!
Deli closes up before the store actually does, (doesn't seem to affect there majority of retired customer base).
For the large section of alcohol sold there craft beer has seemed to always be on the dated side, again more issues that prob don't effect main customer basis.
All in all I would have given them the fifth star if I hadn't bought beer that was about to expire,...... twice.

Just moved to the area and have never had a Bashas store in our Phoenix area.
I have never encountered such rude and uncaring checkers in my life.
I will drive extra miles to avoid this store and plan to meet with the manager face to face and tell him what I think.
Safeway and Frys have much nicer people and better prices.

I would choose Bashas' over Fry's in AZ any day.
Smaller store with many amenities.
There is a Starbucks and Wells Fargo located inside.
I love the bakery and cafe style seating.
The produce is fresh, employees are helpful and courteous, and the store is very clean.
You may pay a little more but I think it's worth it.

Too bad the produce dept is so poorly run with old product being sold at top price in the area.
The produce department is always an indicator how well a store is managed.
Another unfortunate experience was in the deli purchasing BBQ wings which had been dried out under the lights so they added more BBQ sauce.
Inedible.
The bakery is good and employees are friendly.
Otherwise I would have given only one star.
Guess I must drive the extra miles to Fry's.

Basha's has the best donuts in the west valley.
They are made fresh daily right there in the store and I challenge anybody to find a better selection.
On Fridays you can get 6 free when you buy 12.
That's 18 donuts for 6.99.

