Living in Arizona for the past 8 + years, i have pretty much tried most Mexican food from the cheapest to the most expensive.
However, on my last night in Arizona, my best friend suggested that we shall go to Abuelos.
He told me that it was an upper end Mexican restaurant.
We went to the restaurant close to 10:00pm.
and they were closing at 11:00.
It was a Friday night.
When we enter the restaurant, you will be greeted by a fabulous architecture, and interior design.
The most eye catching design was the sky blue ceiling.
It was a similar design you will find in Vegas.
We sat and was greeted by our waitress.
The menu has plenty of choices and everything sounds and looks really good.
Then they serve chips and salsa.
The chips was warm, thin and crispy, while the salsa is not any typical restaurant salsa.
It has a decent amount of spice, heat and a flavorful taste of salsa made from fresh ingredient.
Not like those in bottle.
For those of you who visit Arizona once a year for Spring Training..
I HIGHLY suggest that you should go to visit the restaurant.
It's located across from the Peoria Sports Complex.
Nothing is better than some cold beer and great food after a day of baseball.
If i return to Arizona.. i will surely visit the restaurant and recommend it to other friends and family

"I am a way picky Mex eater partially because I had the luxury of growing up with real authentic mex food thanks to my grandparent's.
My mother in law has to go here every time she visits AZ which I always am ehhh about Abuelos nothing special about the food just the atmosphere really =-o The chips and salsa are very good thin crispy not greasy, perfect really.So this last time we went was THE last time I go there PERIOD.
My MIL even said she remembered the food being better, while it was never a big deal for me.
It was my daughter's b-day.
The service was awful!
The server was Russian she couldnt understand much of anything.
We had 2 toddlers with us and ordered 1 kid's plate for them to share well she brought 2 anyway and when we explained once again only 1 was ordered she was going to take plate #2 back and throw it in the bin, we then told her nevermind we'd keep the plate instead of wasting food for her mistake.
We had the seared tuna starter pretty good and unexpected and something you dont see too often at mexican.
I had the tortilla soup it was not good I have had 100x better from Red Robin, it didnt have any tortilla in it I asked what the deal was.
She said it comes with a side of crunchy tort strips she had forgotten to bring out.
I had the Green Chile con Chicken quesadilla - the chicken to be safe.
I had a Mojito it was under their signature cocktails, it was the worst I have ever had anywhere" I sent it back wanting more cool mint taste she took forever but there was no change in my drink I left it untouched.
We were a party of 6 no one was too happy with their dinner the kid's loved their chicken nuggets but they are kid's and love mcd's.
We got the bill and were still charged for the horrible mojito and 2nd kids plate that was not ordered but would have gone in the bin.
They did however concauct some desert for my daughter which she loved and was free maybe because her bday!?!?!
Who know's but I won't be going back!

After  a year in the West Valley, this is by far the best mexican restaurant we've found.
We've had friendly, good service and very tasty food.
But one major complaint - they make the sweetest margaritas I've ever tasted.
And I didn't think margaritas were supposed to be sweet.
Next time, I'll follow another reviewer and order beer!

Last night I met up with my Wife and my In-Law's at Abuelo's to celebrate my Father in Law's birthday, I arrived late to dinner after working late, but My Wife was nice enough to set aside some appetizer nacho's for me.
Let me start with the decor, this place is a blend somwhere between a nightclub with large glass doors and ambient light, and a Central Mexico villa, complete with faux sky fresco on the ceiling of the central dining room, all centered around an odd statue of a man in a poncho and a child in dining room.
Confused decor aside let's talk about the food.
the Nacho's I had we're actually very good, they appeared to be hard taco sized tortilla's broken in half with a bit of melted cheese taco meat, lettuce and sour cream on them.
My Wife told me about this greenish hot sauce the waiter put on the table that he said was really hot, and no one else at the table was daring enough to try.
Generally liking spicy food, I gave it a shot, it had a little kick, but nothing like some hot sauces I've tasted, nontheless I doused my nachos with it.
For dinner I ordered the Alambre De Camarones, which was essentially 6 large shrimp wrapped in bacon, stuffed with peppers, served with a queso sauce for dipping.
The dish was also served with rice and broccoli (which I found odd)  The shrimp was very good, dipping bacon wrapped shrimp in cheese may sound a bit decadent, but you might want to try it.
The rice is nothing you can't get anywhere else, but still not bad.
The thing that kept this from being a four star review was the choice of Broccoli as a side.
I know broccoli isn't unheard of in mexican cooking, I recognize the difference between Tex-Mex and what would be called Mexico City food.
Maybe I'm just being a picky little kid that doesn't want to eat his vegetables (which I did, the cheese helps).
It just seemed like an odd pairing to me.
My wife had a an enchilada combo plate with beef and chicken which she let me taste and it was really good, any both her and my Father in Law's meals were served with these tasty papas with cheese and poblano peppers in them.
Which I secretly wish I had instead of the broccoli.
All in all the meal was pretty filling, tasty and our server was attentive, so I can't really complain.
and would return to Abuelos

Mostly submitting a review just to throw my vote in.
Previous reviews give a good picture of the atmosphere, which is something I enjoy there.
My father wanted a steak and the nearby Texas Roadhouse had an hour wait so we went to Abuelo's.
He was able to get a steak, I was able to get mexican food.
My wife and kids all had something they enjoyed and everyone wins.
The spicy salsa (they had two salsa's) is very spicy and even tho I enjoyed the flavor and the burn the spicy salsa brought.
I believe it to be the cause of some heartburn I had later.
Small price to pay.

This place is over priced and not very good.
Why would you pay those prices for pretentious Mexican food?
Filburto's is better tasting and better priced.
The decor is nice, but I prefer good food.

This one of our favorite restaurants on the west side of Phoenix.
My wife and I eat here at least once per week.
The service is always consistently good and the food is above average and definitely consistently good.
It is well managed and even though we have to wait periodically, this is because the restaurant is so good.
Everything is good; the daily soups, the variety of entrees including shrimp, steak, chicken and mexican food.
A great value!

The best Mexican restaurant round, service has always been prompt and pleasant.
For Jeff's edification the statue is of Grandfather and grandchild hence the Name Abuelos (Grand father).
One of our favorite restaurants, and great Location, right next to the Ballpark

I had high hopes from this place, I really did.
Sadly, my new favorite mexican place is not going to be this one.
We arrived a little after the dinner rush on Sunday and the place was packed.
We were seated almost immediately, which was kind of a surprise, considering how full it looked.
The waiter eventually ventured over and asked for our drinks.
Now, to be honest, we weren't really prepared to order yet, but after dropping off some water, we didn't see the waiter again for at least another 7-10 minutes.
Come on, we weren't ready then, but it doesn't take THAT long to figure out a drink order.
On top of that, the drinks didn't show up until the food was coming out.
Anyway, after that lovely wait for anything beyond a single glass of water, I was pretty thirsty for my drink (their take on a long island, which turned out just to be....a long island [and not a good one, at that]).
My companions food, chicken quesadillas came out looking very pretty.
My chorizo stuffed chicken medallions; far less so.
To start, my plate had other food debris on it.
Apparently wiping off the plates as you hand them out isn't a priority.
Then again, neither is quick turn around because my beans and mashed potato sides had that lovely "I've been in the window too long and got cooked" film on them.
Yuck.
The chicken itself was overcooked and dry, relying too much on the breading and the oily chorizo stuffing to cover for a terminal lack of taste in the chicken.
Anyway, based on the rave reviews, I'd consider going back if someone had their heart set on it, but I don't think this is a place I'll suggest again.

Never tried the place before now.
Decent prices,nice atmostphere.
Tried the quesadilla appetizer-good stuff-love the mushrooms,very different than most,and the southwestern ranch sauce.
Good sangria.
I liked it a lot overall.
The chimi was not my favorite,I've had much better.
Doesn't 'abuelo's' mean 'grandparents?
My hubs had a steak sampler once when they were doing a promo,and he really liked it.

My roommate always raved about this place so I thought I'd try it.
I wasnt really impressed.
I liked the restaurant's looke but the food was just okay.
I probably won't choose this place next time I'm craving mexican food but I wont be upset to go back either.

The whole expierience was not what I expected it to be.
Clear case of not judging a book by it's cover.
Sometimes when you start things off on a bad note, things only go downhill from there.
The place looks great when you walk in, very nice decor happy people galore.
We had a party of two and were told it was going to be 15 minutes which was fine seeing it was new years eve and everywhere was packed.
It was more like 20, which is fine unless parties of 4 or more that came in 10 minutes after you are being sat first.
When we said something 30 seconds later we were brought to our table.
I would have rather sat at the bar seeing it was a small table in a awkward place.
Still looked pretty decent, minus what looked like a leaky roof with missing tiles and stains.
The chips were good, the salsa was trying to hard with the whole roasted  chipotle thing and was not that good.
But we were hungry and finished pretty much the whole small bowl before we were even offered drinks (10-15 min).
Strike 2!
So My wife ordered a Draft american beer.
It tasted horible, something was wrong with the tap.
We told the waiter and instantly he said, "it tastes like copper right?
" How are you guys going to know something is wrong and do nothing about it.
He suggested that we stuck with mexican beer because there is no problem with that tap, My wife ordered a bottled beer.
We ordered our food right away, I had the sonoran which was a shredded beef burro, cheese enchilada, and beef tamale, and my wife had stuffed chicken.
My burro was covered in 50 cent nacho cheese, and filled with meat that was unseasoned and bland.
My wifes dish was decent, could have been better, was a little to stong tasting on the seasoning.
We asked for the check immediatly, and could tell by the three tables around us, that we were not alone in this bad expierience.
They push this place off like it's authentic, it's really just crappy tex mex food.
Go to Macayos, or even Garcias for better food, prices, and expierience.

I love this place.
It's beautifully decorated and the service is excellent.
I have been here a few times and each time was consistently great.
They are more one the "fine" mexican cuisine scale.
They make an avocado mousse, that's like guacamole, only better.
It's silky and creamy and oh so delicious.
Their queso dip was excellent as well.
Try their dip sampler it has the two I listed and one other.
I've had a taco plate here and a quesodilla, both excellent.

The food here is delicious and the Sangria swirls are a must.
My husband and I don't mind the drive from Scottsdale because it never disappoints.
My favorite is there red sauce enchiladas and their papas..yummmyyyy :)

Not good at all.

I thought it was okay.
The happy hour specials were awesome.
I recommend it by far for happy hour.
For me I thought the food was okay.
I don't think it's really traditional Mexican food.
I was very unimpressed.

The bar is high in Arizona for Mexican cuisine, and Abuelos, you may or may not have a shot in Alaska.
This is a corporate chain, which makes it difficult to execute the details and freshness that makes Mexican my favorite.
Always on the search for a good chicken fajita (or lobster, but that's another Yelp entirely) should not be a tall order.
Give me limes and guacamole and I'm a happy camper.
The chicken here is consistently dry whenever I visit Abuelos and bland.
A friend we came with ordered a grilled chicken dish that came out fried, though the menu specified grilled.
No bueno, mis amigos.
Check out Los Olivos.
It's a few miles away, but the food and the donkey are well worth the journey.

The outside looked like Cheesecake Factory.
The inside reminded me of a casino where the ceiling is a fake blue sky.
Me gusta la comida!
I'm all about Mexican food at a reasonable price.
$14.99 for a large plate called the Monterrey, which consisted of three enchiladas, one crunchy chicken taco, one beef tamale, rice and beans.
The plate was so huge it looked like a turkey platter!
They don't have an Abuelos in San Diego, so this was a nice touristy treat!

I absolutely love the ambiance and decor at Abuelo's!
Being Hispanic, it truly reminds me of childhood memories and it feels wonderful to be in such a place.
I know some people have been disappointed but each time I've been there, the food has been great and the service is also good!
I'm not giving them 5 stars because while the food is good it's not absolutely authentic and mouth-watering.
If you are looking for a nice place to take the family or your date, I would definitely recommend Abuelos!
**Also their happy hour is awesome!
$5 fajitas!
$2 Coronas!
$3 layered dip!
Can't be beat!

I took a friend here and she didn't like the tilapia with veggies around it, but I did.
Different strokes I assume?
Pretty place, but looks like a hundred other I saw in Houston.
Food was good but not great.
Would I go back again?
On my own?
Probably not.
It was good--just not that great or different that I would make an effort to go back.
It's just too commercial looking for me I guess.

Went to this place this past weekend.
The service was great, but like Crystal N. mentioned the food isn't really all that great.
The lighting in there is a bit too dark as well.
Seemed like I was eating in a movie theater or something.

I know it's a chain, it's only semi-authentic, but I don't care!!
Let me tell you why I love Abuelo's... CHIPS and SALSA-- ask for their two hotter salsas if you like it spicy.
I love the one they serve warm, I think they call is "salsa brava.
" The chips are so thin and crisp, yum.
I also love their hand-shaken margarita, it's made with premium tequila and lime juice, not mix!!
I also always order the Monterrey platter, it's huge so you can share or take some home.
Get the papas!!
I don't care so much for their rice and beans.
Uhh I don't know why so many people have been disappointed.
I love it!!
However, I always order the same thing.

I'll just list a few bullet points for you to consider.
-Seated quickly -Ignored by server -Forgot Mom's margarita -Server called my son "big man"...all night.
-Cheeze whiz on my burrito -Tacos that tasted like vomit -Every table seated in our server's section was in and out before us -Wrong bill delivered -Manager never stopped by to find out why we sent items back and asked to be removed from bill.
The chips and salsa were "ok"   Even though I've been in the past and enjoyed the experience, I most likely will not return.

Decided to try this place tonight with my girl and her best friend and son.
Margarita pitcher to start with and usual chips and salsa.
Wish the margarita was a little stronger but it was good.
I ordered the chicken enchiladas with green chile sauce.
It was yummy but not outstanding.
My girl and her friend ordered some big dishes and they liked it.
her best friend said the Tamale was yucky tho.
Her son ordered the quesadilla with fries and he did not touch the quesadilla.
his mom tried it and knew why, it was nasty so we told the server and she refunded it.
Overall very nice, but I wanna try my mex appetite somewhere else next time.

Typical suburbanite "Mexican" food with no fresh ingredients.
If you're looking for something like Macayo's, but less tasty, this is your spot.
It was very crowded today, which was a good sign.
I saw tons of seniors here (that makes sense, given the name), and it's because they have a huge senior menu for them.
They come from a time where food was not nearly this fake, so I refuse to believe they actually think this is good stuff.
Let's get the good stuff out of the way--the bar.
$3 margaritas made with 1800 tequila?
Perfectly blended in a 12 oz.. cup?
Yes, please!
It's awesome seeing a happy hour on Sunday afternoon, so this was a pleasant surprise.
They also had the "cerveza rita", served in a goblet with a coronita (7 oz.
corona bottle) stuck in it.
Outside of the blended drinks, it looked like nothing special.
You're out of your mind if you think I'm paying $17 for a bottle of Sutter Homes.
Most of their wine list is the swill I'd use for wine pong, but that's another story.
The chips and salsa were decent.
The hot stuff is one of the better salsas I've had in the valley, perhaps it was made with smoked poblano?
I want to buy a bottle for myself.
The seven layer dip was tolerable since I was so hungry.
refried beans, ground beef, sliced green chili, sour cream, guac, and of course, cheese sauce.
Perhaps the seventh layer was the suspicious film on the dip when it was brought to our table.
Questionable.
My entree arrived, and I was disappointed just by looking at it.
Why did the beans already look dry?
Perhaps they were overcooked?
It was as if they were sitting under a heat lamp for quite some time.
The rice was decent, but also dry.
My fajita chicken chimi looked a bit...narrow, and the tortilla didn't look properly fried.
I freaking love chimichungas, so I had to dig in post haste!
Most disappointing chimi I've ever had.
Once during finals week, I was so busy that I bought some fajita chicken in a bag, complete with the fake grill marks.
I recognized the taste right away, and proceeded to dissect my meal.
There were cubes and 'strips' of chicken...and eureka!
The fake grill marks.
At home, this is tolerable in a pinch.
For $11 at arrowhead?
This is a piece of shit!
If you EVER see me check in here, it's for the tapas and margaritas during happy hour.
I'll be sitting at the swank bar, flirting with some octogenarian's daughter who came here against her will.
Outside of that, Abuelo's ain't up to snuff  Bar-3.5 Food-1

I love the food, called to make reservations for May 6 (Friday) and was told by Tara they could not do it because it was "mothers day weekend" which mothers day is not until May 8 (Sunday).
I also asked if they already had a large number of reservations as I wa looking for 30 people for my wifes birthday, but was again told that they did not have any large party reservations.
When I asked her name because I wanted to report Tara for not wanting 30 people to eat at this restaurant she changed her story to needing to ask someone higher up if they could make this reservation.
I decided to take our bussiness elsewhere which is sad because I LOVE abuelos food at 83rd Ave and Bell, Peoria, AZ

Yesterday, I went in with my mum for lunch after having been here a couple times when I was younger.
Our waiter was prompt and took our drink orders.
Mum got the Sangria Swirl, which she normally gets when we go in and is never disappointed, and I got a virgin Margarita (I'm not a fan of alcohol).
Our waiter brought us our drinks and our chips and salsa.
Truthfully, I do not understand why he warned me about the small little bowl he brought out that was "so spicy".
Maybe it's just because I have murdered my taste buds with spicy food, but it was nice, with a peppery kick that was pleasant, but not spicy.
We both got the lunch chimi's (chicken of course).
My mum is a big fan of their papas, which is sort of a mashed potato dish with peppers and cheese and I got the rice.
Our chimis came out fast with a queso sauce and some red sauce on top.
I was disappointed with the lack of sour cream or guacamole.
I mean, I have never gotten a chimi that didn't have a side of at least one.
I wasn't a fan of the filling, it wasn't awful, but it wasn't the best chimi I have ever had - it was too... soupy?
I don't know, I like my chimis stuffed with chicken, not an overkill of sauce.
It was nicely busy for Cinco De Mayo, and our waiter was prompt and friendly.

I wouldn't call it 'authentic'.
My favorite for that is Los Dos Molinos, but Abuelo's is my favorite of the chain Mexican restaurants.
My favorite is the Nogales which is basically two burros, one chicken and one shredded beef, with different sauces on each.
You should order: Papas con Chile as your side dish.
YUM.
Also, you can have two fried eggs added on top of your enchiladas, burros, whatever.
I love that and not many places offer it.

My sons brought me here for Mother's Day.
It was busy, but we didn't have to wait as long as we thought.
We were seated in about 20 minutes and our waiter was prompt and courteous.
I ordered the agave margarita which was very bland.
I had a shredded beef enchilada and a chicken enchilada served with refried beans and papas con chile (yummy).
The shredded beef was very flavorful, but there wasn't much chicken in the chicken enchilada.
It was a prefect amount of food for me - not too much.
My boys and husband enjoyed their meals as well.
Atmosphere is pretty loud with all the customers.
Lots of kids being Mother's Day.
We will have to try it again on a non-holiday.

not super authentic at all, chips are soo good, but salsa is kind of weird but still good.
I dont know why but old people love this place!
I like the chips with queso dip for apps then chicken enchaladas, classic but really good!
Friendly hosts but waiters could know more about the product!
over all I think it gets lost in the many mexican restaurants in AZ, and higher prices for the same food.

My husband and I enjoyed our meal (El Grande) We recommend the tres leches cake.
Yum!
The flavor of the food all had a simmilarity and I think it was cominos or cumin powder.
Even the beans were seasoned with it....hmmm.
Otherwise, a flavorful experience!

If you're looking for Authentic Mexican, this is not your place.
But if you're looking for great Mexican-inspired food, this is you're place.
Although, a chain, I would consider Abuelos one step up from On The Border, Chevy's, Macayo's or any other Tex Mex chain.
The atmosphere and interior alone are more sophisicated.
The salsa chips are very addicting.
The salsa has a smooth smoky flavor.
Also, the enchaladas and steak combo makes a great meal.
I always ask for no seasoning or light seasoning on the steak because it's a little spicy.
The enchaladas are flawless.
And you must try the Papas con Chile!
These are mash potatoes kicked up with cheese and peppers.

The service was ok, but I was hoping for Mexican food.
I had the steak chimi, which is supposed to come covered with cheese.
It was more like velveeta.
The meat was not actual steak, more like a processed steak-like food.
The server asked me if I wanted rice or pappas, and looked at me like I was stupid when I asked what pappas were.
The chips and salsa were ok, the chips were the really thin tortilla chips like you get at chili's.
Not a bad place for yuppy-style Mexican food, but if you're looking for authentic Mexican food look elsewhere.

Average Mexican food served in a Vegas style setting.
We have been eating here for years during baseball Spring Training and other sporting trips.
The food is REALLY average and pricey.
The place is usually filled with seniors since it is quiet unlike some of the more rowdy margarita bar places (Camarone's, El Torito, etc...).
The ambiance is pleasant enough with a Cesar's Palace fake sky ceiling, but at best is a "safe" place to eat with no real endearing qualities for food or service.
If you're not inclined to be adventurous, it is safe, but that's about it.

One star is a bit harsh.
So was the service.
So was the food.
So was the environment and atmosphere.
Look, here is the deal, this place used to be great but time has clearly taken a quick toll on Abuelos.
What my family experienced the evening we stopped in was unforgivable.
We arrived later than usual for dinner so I know they were still recovering from their first large seating, but bottom line, the restaurant was a disaster.
Dirty tables, messy floors, and enough crying kids to make it really feel like a Dennys on Swap-Meet day.
Wait, that is not fair to Dennys.
Anyways, the server forgot the appetizer order.
Completely.
The food for the main dish came out lukewarm at best.
I thought Fajitas came out sizzling and snapping?
Nope, not this evening.
Drinks were not refilled EVER.
This whole deal was a miss.
The manager never came around to even ask how the meal was...lucky for him or her.
Anyways, this was crappy enough that we even thought of writing a letter, but after this disaster who would want to even go back.
NEVER AGAIN.

Frankly, one star is even too generous for our visit recently to Abuelos at Arrowhead.
What used to be a fun and delicious place to eat has dwindled down to being just an absolute dump.
The restaurant was filthy.
Someone had actually dropped one of their flossers on the floor in the lobby and the hostesses just walked by it over and over again.
There was trash in the faux planters and there were actually still Christmas decorations in a couple of random spots in the faux plants surrounding the dining area.
There were dirty tables that just sat dirty all around the dining area.
Sorry but that's unacceptable.
The server was friendly...sort-of.
He sold us on an appetizer and then didn't bother to put it in!
I think he was put out that our party of 3 decided to share the fajita trio rather than ordering 3 seperate dishes.
The fajita trio is HUGE and it easily feeds our family.
Our drinks were never refilled...our chip bowl sat empty so long it started to get cobwebs on it.
Overall, this was a grossly disappointing visit to a restaurant that once was respectable, clean, and had pride.
There is clearly no pride left in this Abuelos.
I think I'll just stick to the dives here in El Mirage....at least they care about their customers and their reputations.

This is a very nice upscale place to sit down with friends and enjoy a real good Mexican food with great service.
Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the menu and provided great service.
For starters I had the Mexican Shrimp Cocktail and then ordered enchilada dish that consisted of three enchiladas, two beef, and one chicken along with sides.
Overall, a very good experience and would visit them again real soon    Great menu and service.

9 of us, with reservations arrived and waited maybe 5 minutes.
The ambiance was great - some noise letting you know others were there enjoying themselves, but not overpowering.
Lots of good things on the menu with reasonable pricing.
Great chips, margaritas and sangria.
Wait staff smiling.
pleasant and knowledgeable.
The food was Mexican, but with sort of a continental flair without a hot Mexican spicing and cheeses.
All who LOVE Mexican food were happy and people like me - well I had the angel hair pasta, shrimp, peppers etc.
We all would and will go back.
Thank you Abuelos for a good time.

Giving three starts because of the nice atmosphere with great food!
Held our office christmas party there and unfortunately, the waitress was a little off.
There was about 13 of us at the table, so I guess she could be forgiven...although we're all pretty laid back.
Had to flag down two other wait staff so we could get to-go boxes.
Got mine and my co-workers items mixed up when she brought the plates out, bills and change.
Laughable.

Very good if not outstanding mexican style restaurant.

Excellent Mexican restaurant!
My parents live in AZ, and took my sister and I here over the holidays for the happy hour.
The specials are awesome.
Each couple can order (lunch, I assume) entrees and an appetizer for $18 or something.
The sangria swirl was perfect--and not too pricey!
Cannot wait to get back to AZ just to go to this place.
: )

My husband and I decided to go to Abuelos for lunch last week since were in that part of town.
The hostess was very nice and seated us immediately.
All seemed well until our server came to out table.
You could just tell he didn't want to be there.
He asked us what we wanted to drink, then tossed out napkins to us.
My napkin slid to the other end of the table.
Then he just walked away.
My husband and I just looked at each other wondering if maybe we were reading something more than it really was into it.
But then he came back and asked if we were ready to order.
We told him we needed a minute and he just turned his back and walked away without saying anything.
I was ready to go.
My husband suggested we sit at the bar because the bartender was really cool.
We walked over to the hostess and she could tell something was wrong and asked if there was something wrong.
When we told her she seemed genuinely concerned; she apologized and told us she would get the manager.
We sat at one of the table by the bar and the bartender came over immediately and greeted us.
He is a spirited guy!
We felt right at home.
We ordered drinks and our entrees.
The manager came over to out table to talk to us.
He also apologized for our experience and thanked us for staying.
He gave us the Abuelos dip sampler.
I had never had that before.
It was delicious.
The chili and cheese was my favorite and my husband's was the avocado cream.
I had the steak fajitas and my husband had the fajitas tacos.
They were both really good.
So although we got terrible service from our initial server who shouldn't be a server if he doesn't like being around people, the rest of our experience made up for it.
I always appreciate when the management team shows that they are willing to earn our business back!

I was quite surprised when I walked into the restaurant...it's huge!
Love the ambiance and the clouds painted on the ceiling.
Got seated pretty quickly on a Friday night.
Loved our server.
He was very nice and got our drinks and food fast.
I had a Raspberry Mojito and LOVED it...for some odd reason, a lot of bartenders don't know how to make a good mojito aka Lucille's BBQ but Abuelos does.
The food was decent but I heard Arizona has subpar mexican food.
And that's what this was.
Pretty pricey and kind of an upscale feeling too so we probably won't be back.
Located in the Arrowhead Entertainment Center and there is plenty of other restaurants in the area to try.
**NOTE: Getting into the parking lot sucks!!
No lights so you just have to pretty much cut people off getting into it.
Good luck!

Our trip to Abuelos Arrowhead was a VERY pleasant surprise.
We live in Cave Creek, and were disappointed when the Mayo location closed.
So, we trekked out to Arrowhead.
The service upon arrival was fast, smooth, excellent.
Our server very personable and helpful!
George, the manager, went above and beyond the call of duty for our gluten-free daughter.
And, he was very personable and professional!
What a great lunch experience!
Thank you, George!!
We'll be back!

I would like to give this place 3 1/2 stars, but that option isn't really available now is it?
I really do love the ambiance in spite of being a chain restaurant.
The sky overhead with the statue in the middle of the restaurant is a really nice touch and the columns as well.
It definitely feels a little different than other chain Mexican restaurants and for the better.
It probably wasn't the brightest idea to go there yesterday afternoon on Cinco de Mayo, and we had to wait close to an hour for a table around 6pm, but we pretty much expected that.
The food portions seem huge.
My sister-in-law got the "Nogales" plate and I ordered the "Juarez" plate with a "Mexican flag" margarita.
Yeah, I am not making that up.
They actually called it the Mexican flag margarita...unless I was somehow mistaken, but I swear that's what the waiter said twice.
I thought, "Sure... let's try that one.
" It was pretty good.
It tasted like a strawberry daquiri with hints of a margarita on the top.
Perhaps, I should've mixed it more?
It was awfully sweet though.
I'm not sure if the salt on the rim really complimented the sweetness of the drink.
Definitely not a drink for a guy though since it was frozen and sweet.
Back to the Juarez plate.
It had a crunchy beef taco with a red sauce, a cheese enchilada, a beef tamale, and chicken enchilada with beans and rice.
This plate was off the "Traditional Mexican" section.
It was pretty good for what it was.
I couldn't tell you specific details about the flavor, because nothing really stood out.
It was just good.
I remember trying the chicken medallions plate at another visit, and that seemed to be more memorable.
The fajitas in the past had been extra good too.
Our waiter was really nice.
He was covering so many tables though, and things were chaotic, so he only visited our table about 3-4 times tops the entire time.
This meant empty waters and not asking me if I wanted another margarita.
In summary, food and ambiance 3 1/2 stars.
Service... 2-3 stars.
I'm basing this solely on Cinco de Mayo afternoon.
I'm almost positve service is better on other days (or at least I'm hoping so)!

I recently went to Abuelos because it was in the middle of where I live and where the people we were meeting live.
I was not particularly impressed.
The food was bland and was not very good.
The salad was awful - it was basically lettuce smothered in cheese and beans and had a weird taste to it.
The tortilla chowder also had a strange taste and I could only eat a few bites.
The others at my table said their food was just ok - they ordered burritos and fajitas.
The only redeeming thing about going there was the delicious margaritas!
I got the Island - with coconut - it was delightful.
Otherwise, I would pass.

Great place for lunch...Eat at the bar please?
Be prepared, great ambiance, but usually an older crowd.
I like the bar since the servers are older and more polite and know what food is good to order.
I would give it a 4 star, but 2 visits resulted in poor service from servers.
I get great service at the bar however?
Note sometimes Costco has a gift card $79.99 for $100 worth of food!
If you plan on visiting this place more then a few times stop at Costco and get that gift card.

Food was great and affordable, service was great, food came out quick.

I think Abuelos is very good for a chain Mexican food restaurant.
They are pretty consistent with nice servers and decent food.
I remember a time when there were huge lines out the door and hour long waits, but maybe that was in spring training season because the last time I visited, we got right in with a party of 6.
I will go there again with out of town guests because they seem to love it but i prefer to frequent local establishments if I can.

Bland/odd tasting Mexican food for white people.
Meh.

Have been here to dine a few times.
and went for happy hour on a friday night.
Very decent prices and the food is great.
The place was busy but we are able to belly up to the bar.
Will be back for sure.

At first appearance the place looks awesome.
Quick and prompt service.
Our salsa bowls were constantly refilled by the server assistants.
Then came the food....We were thereforSunday lunch and ordered off the lunch menu.
I ordered the enchilada and tostada which was quite the deal.
My wife ordered the lunch fajitas.
The flavor was good and enjoyable.
We will be back for happy hour!

Love their food - and especially love the happy hour.
Cheap apps, and even cheap wine!
Where else can you go and get a fairly large glass of wine for 2 bucks?!?!
Will keep coming back for more!

Excellent food and service!!!
Everyone at our table raved about everything!
I ordered the beef shreded taco and cheese enchilada which was very tasty.
My mom was particularly excited about sopapilla's saying they were authentic to the ones she ate growing up in Texas.
I had a bite of someone else's flan and had to stop myself from eating it all!

I had a date with Mama Jo last night and she chose Abuelo's.
Though she pronounced it Aruba's.
And the Ablegos.
We finallly figured it out and arrived to a very bustling restaurant.
It definitely has the look of a medium end Vegas casino restaurant meets Macayo's...but all in all, I liked the decor, very bright and "atrium" like.
We were greeted & seated, immediately and with kindness and professionalism.
As we were being escorted to our table, I'm taking in the ambience, VERY busy and a HUGE crowd of SMALL little girls, half dressed in tu tu's.
I kid you not.
I thought it was teen drag night at a gay bar for a moment.
As we nestled into our booth away from the screaming tweens, our delightful, delightful server, Ashley, informed us they were on the way to the Justin Beiber concert.
How cute is that?
Cuter that they were finished and leaving, but I digress.
I have to say, I truly appreciate a lot of chain restaurant requirements of the service staff.
I like being asked if I've been in before.
The specials.
Soups of the day.
Etc., etc.
As long as they are not robotic and comfortable and smiling, I'm all ears.
Five stars for Ashley.
Mom & I hadn't been out in awhile as we've (aka, ME) have been busy packing up for our move to Minneapolis.
But she is as charming as she is lovely and it was nice to spend time with her outside of the house.
We started with chips, three kinds of salsa (all explained, which I really appreciated) and an order of guacamole.
I loved the THIN, crispy and fresh chips though they struggled to pick up the yummy, chunky guacamole without breaking.
Oh, the problems we have!!!
We both ordered enchiladas, mom had ground beef and I went for cheese and a carnitas.
Carnitas was sad and dry.
Much like my Aunt Helen towards her final years.
But the sauce was pretty flavorful.
A big plus for the frijoles which had a great pork flavor infused and Papas Chiles...amazing, mashed taters with cheese.
Carb city!
We finished with the obligatory chain chocolate lava cake.
All in all for a chain restaurant, it was dang good.
Ashley checked in when appropriate.
I noticed two other nearby servers and their demeanor with guests and was most impressed.
So, Aruba's, er um Ablegos or wait Abuelo's, I might see ya before I move!

When you have to debate between admiring the aesthetic beauty of the presentation of your food and stuffing your face with it, you know that you have a winner!
Such is the experience at Abuelos, without the five-star price tag.
The architecture is nice.
From the indoor sky that makes you feel like your walking through Caesar's Palace to the handmade ceramic plates, the place creates an ambiance that 99.9% of people will like.
Even if you are part of that .01%, I dare you to not enjoy the chips and salsa that are placed before you.
No, I'm not referring to the one salsa that they supply (like most restaurants in the area) which tastes like it's mixed with dirt like it's 1774 Sonoran food.
I'm talking about the green one in particular.
Lime, Tomatillo, Cilantro, and who knows what else is perfectly mixed to make you think that you've entered Heaven.
There is another red salsa to choose from and another is a spicy, Habanero mix.
But, the point is that the green sauce is awesome, and then you can experiment from there.
Now, with the menu before you, don't think too hard because it's hard to go wrong.
The lunch specials will likely stuff your face without breaking your bank (e.g.
try the Grande Burrito).
Their happy hour also runs all week from 3-7PM and will definitely come through for you.
So, if you are looking for a Mexican restaurant in Northwest Phoenix which will be sure to deliver, go to Abuelos and thank me later!

Great food & plenty of it.
Our waitress Jade was awesome!!!!
Ask for her section.

The decor here is pretty neat...I like that a lot.
I would describe the service as attentive.
I felt bad for our waiter, though....I think he was new.
he brought us our chips/dip and then 5 minutes later brought another one.
He saw the one on our table, and commented on how someone must've beaten him to it (he was being serious).
haha!!
He had a few other issues too....but a really nice person and very attentive - he tried hard.
The reason for the 3 stars is the food - it was average at best.
I thought the relleno was okay, but the enchiladas and tamales were bland.
We had cabernet - it was not very good... You know your taste buds are in for a treat when you order a wine that is served in a bottle with a screw top, right?....
their wine menu could use an overhaul, in my opinion.
BUT... i recognize that it is a Mexican restaurant and wine is not the specialty.
We probably won't go back...there are much tastier places in the same area.

Best Happy Hour and service..one of my fave restaurants in Az, solely based on customer service!

They have recently re-printed the menu, as the pricing is a little higher.
But the quality of the food is great, their service is fast, even in "rush hour" they still get the food out of the kitchen and on to the table.
I like the 'Sonoran' with it's cheese sauce and the 'Papas con Chile'...
This is Mexican food at it's finest for a chain restaurant.
On the Border needs to learn a few tricks from these guys.

Let's test the authenticity...
So the restaurant and bar area were packed.
They offer seating in either the dinning room or the patio, and it took about 45 minutes to get seated.
The Margaritas were great... the food was respectable, not authentic.
The nachos" tortillas cut in half, cheese melted to the tortilla (think cheese crisp) and a hunk of shredded meat neatly placed on each "Nacho".
Don't get me wrong, they tasted great, and they come with pico de gallo, guacamole, sour cream and shredded lettuce.
We also had steak fajitas, ordered the 2 person portion.
It was enough and then some.
They were good... not mind blowing, but very good.
All In All, it was a pleasant experience... the staff is very friendly and attentive, even on such a busy night.

We visited November 2012.
It was a very good experience' the food was excellent as was the service.
I can't wait to go back to Phoenix so I can try the other location in Chandler.

Very busy place, and don't take reservations for large parties.
Waited 45 min for dinner on Sat night group of 9.
Chips were first, followed by Guac and their version of queso fundido (melted nacho cheese).
Their Guac is good!!!
Queso F, pass on that.
They provide you with 3 salsa's with the chips.
One of the salsa was green tomatillo which was awful.
It was sweetened with pineapple.
Huh??
Lot's of mix and match choices.
I stayed safe with enchiladas of shredded beef and spinach.
Their side of of papas and chili came with most dishes, which is mashed potatoes with sour cream and seasoned with a mild chili.
I did like the spinach enchilada and papas in a comfort food way.
I tried a bite of other things from the group.
This is not going to be an authentic experience, but you will be full, nice presentation, and if your in a mixed group, something for everybody.
The setting is very pleasant, and relaxing, staff was very nice.
Margarita's a little on the weak side, so order a shot on the side for the full effect.

A taste of home (Lubbock) in AZ!
Always a great meal!
Ask for the hotter salsa!

I'm not sure why it took us so long to try this place.
We used to live close to this place, but didn't try it until we left.
Sure this is a chain restaurant, but it knocks it out of the park for me.
The restaurant is very nice on the inside and the food matches.
I always order the chile rellenos and they are stellar!
Usually we order the avocado cream dip for an "appetizer" to go with the chips that come to the table.
It's probably just avocado with sour cream mixed in, but it is so flipping good.

Loved it, great food, margaritas, and fantastic service

I love Abuelos!
My friend from Texas first told us about this place and we were not dissappointed!
We gladly drive to Peoria for our "Mexican fix"!
(We were sad when they closed our nearby Scottsdale location.
)  Their salsa is the best and my son loves the extra spicy one.
Chips are always fresh and warm.
My personal favorite is the cheese and chicken enchiladas - with the pappas!
Yum!
My hubby and son love the Pescaro Guerro (Mahi fish dish).
Although we are pretty predictable with our choices, they are always great.
Margaritas are very tasty and there is no skimping on the alcohol.
Highly recommend a visit to this one...

I am hemming and hawing about 3 or 4 stars.
I'm going to go with 4 because I have had so many bad dining experiences at chains lately.
This, obviously, was not one of the bad ones.
First, let me say thank you to Abuelos for having a decent happy hour (gasp, seven days a week).
The drinks are priced great and there is a large variety of food at very low prices.
Second, this place was packed when we went in.
It was either sneak into a seat at the bar or wait 30 minutes.
We chose the bar.
The service was very fast and attentive despite the crowd.
Third, and finally, the food was genuinely good.
The ingredients were fresh, the salsas were flavorful, the chips light and crispy and it was all presented nicely.
I know that normally decent food, served properly by people who are attentive should not be that big of a deal but, lately I have a hard time finding even the basics.
It was very nice to go out, order something interesting and be served the food just as it should be.

Amazing food!
Affordable prices.
By far the best mexican food place I have been to in Arizona.
Happy hour is awesome !

The atmosphere is really nice, but that is it.
Our server took forever, I don't know if she had to many tables, but service was very slow.
The food was very bland and overall tasteless.
There are so many better alternatives in the Phoenix area, don't waste your time here.

I LOVE the look of Abuelos and the fun ceiling just brings everything together.
Abuelos was one of my first jobs when I was 16.
It was not my cup of tea working there and quit 3 weeks later!
After that I only went in 1 maybe 2 times a year.
I never hated their food, it just wasn't first choice to go and eat.
So, about a year ago my boyfriend and I was next door waiting for a movie when we decided we needed food so we searched happy hours all around the area and decided to walk over to Abuelos.
We were so happy about the prices and the happy hour food was great.
I love that they bring warm chips and different varieties of salsa.
The main reason I love to come here are for their amazing sangria swirls!
If you ever go to Abuelos, this is a must have!
We now go in so often that we know most of the bartenders and servers.

Fancy place.
Not great food.
This place is a fancy, expensive Mexican restaurant for people what to spend more money than they should and get far less than good Mexican food.
I guess if you're from Minnesota, Wisconsin or BC this is passible, but it is far from good Mexican food.

My husband and I went there yesterday to celebrate my birthday because Abuelos is my favorite Mexican restaurant.
We were not let down.......dinner was delicious, price is OK and dessert is fabulous; especially  their cheesecake!

Minus the complimentary salsa trio (quartet, if you count the hot sauce), I'd probably knock Abuelo's down half a star, but I LOVED all of the salsas and our waiter was fantastic.
We took a lonnng lunch and ordered the appetizer sampler of dips (all of which were fantastic) and shared a steak and shrimp fajitas for ONE.
When the food came to the table I was shocked that the entree portion was truly intended for ONE.
Needless to say, we stuffed ourselves, enjoyed a couple adult bevs and still left with two boxes of leftovers.
If we weren't sharing, I think the food would be a bit overpriced (especially for lunch), but it was a nice change and I'll be back.

Stopped in at abuelos after working up a serious appetite shopping at arrowhead mall.
What a work out carrying all these bags.
I started off with a shrimp cocktail then my entree was the Monterey, that plate was a beast.
From the chips and salsa to the entree I couldn't have happier.
Our Server Jose was also attentive and made dining there a pleasure.
The enchiladas and taco were delicious, I liked the different enchiladas that were served.
Variety is always nice.
The chips were light and crispy and the salsas were flavorful as well as spicy.
We'll definitely come back to the place.

Great food and decent prices.
Much better prices than traditional places like Macayo's and Manuel's.
Usually good service but can be challenged when there are a lot of people.
Great bar as well.

Restaurant is nice.
We got the #2 enchilada plate which is the shredded beef enchiladas and the Monterrey plate.
Everything was pretty disgusting.
It tasted like what my cats food smells like.
We had a bunch left overs that we had no desire to take to go.
I ended up feeling sick to my stomach later in the night.
The only decent thing they had was the chips and salsa.

My husband and I went on a date night and we wanted to try this restaurant because we have heard its really good.
We got there, we waited about 20 minutes for a table.
Our "server" comes around, asked us what we want to drink and brings our drinks to table.
He didn't introduced himself, not an hello, he didn't mention what specials they have, absolutely nothing.
We said, we have never been here before and we have no idea what's good.
He said "look over the menu and if you have questions let me know".
By the time the word question came out of his mouth, he turned around and left from our table.
My husband and I looked at each other and didn't know what to do.
We got up and left, we didn't want our date night to be ruined by someone that has a bad attitude or doesn't care about the customer.
I'm not rating the food, because I didn't get to experience that but I'm rating the server.
Bad impression.

Love the feel and atomphere of the place.
Feels like I am eating in the middle of Casear's Palace with the indoor blue skies.
But the food and service was nothing specatacular.
Service was a little on the slower side.
The food was ok.
Ordered the beef and cheese chimichanga (I love chimis).
The flavors was just ok.
Nothing popped or made me sing (in my head).

A corporate type of place, reminded me of Bravos decor...
The Margarita was good and the food (Fajitas) was excellent.
Not a large portion but it was good for lunch.
Service was great and friendly.

It is a chain, but, I'll try not to hold that against it.
The food was very good and some of the better Mexican food I've had in awhile.
The shrimp fajita salad was just what I ordered, and my buddy loved his plate.
He's a regular here, so, you know it's gotta be good!
I suggest trying the papas....es mui bueno!!
The service was good, a bit mechanized...but again, that's a chain thing.

First time here and the facility is actually very impressive inside and out.
I also noted how incredibly clean everything was including the restroom.
Service was just ok. Server brought out chips and 4 salsas.
I would expect the server to take 8 seconds to explain what they were instead of having to guess.
Wife had lunch chimi day it was ok.
Kid quesadilla was cold.
I ordered chorizo chicken.
It was rather good but the portion size was stupid small.
Like a half a breast.
It felt like a typical corporate menu item downsized for cost.
It was more an appetizer portion.
Host staff was really unfriendly.
When I got there I went to restroom to wash my hands and blonde host said nothing on way in and out.
2nd restroom visit Hispanic female looked up and gave me eye contact and said nothing as she went back to reading whatever she had at the podium.
I always feel the host staff is super important as they are the restaurant ambassadors and the first and last impression.
No Nothing is ever good enough for you with me Michael.need to be so unfriendly.
Probably wont go back..to many other options around town with that food genre.

We love this place, its as close to Tex Mex as we have found in Phoenix.
Absolutely recommend the appetizer dip trio and the fajitas.
Atmosphere is awesome, especially on the patio (which is climate controlled but might still be too hot in the summer) or in the bar.
The service has always been pretty good; water glasses refilled quickly as well as chips and salsa.
If your looking for some decent Mexican food give it a shot.
Its in a good area for going to dinner and then going out to the bar.

Great service, lots of tasty options spinach enchiladas were delicious also chips and salsa they give you are great, the green salsa is my favorite!
Will be back to try more.

Not bad but not great.
I prefer smaller local Tex Mex.

First visit here and loved the ambiance of the place right off.
Very nice inside.
This was a lunch visit and had very prompt and efficient greeting, seating, and service.
I had a chile relleno/ enchilada combo which was excellent.....beans and rice ----also excellent.
Much better fare than macayos or garcias.
Also the best flan I've ever had.
Definitely would and will return soon.

We rely on Abuelo's for good reliable meals.
Most often, we have lunch here.
The service is quick and courteous and the luncheon portions are very good.
Today I asked about the barramundi (fish which we enjoyed in Australia) which we enjoyed some time ago.
Alas, it was a seasonal offering.
If you see it on the menu, give it a try.
It is interesting that people complain to us about chain restaurants.
We enjoy the certainty of having meals that we know we will enjoy.
That is not to say that we do not venture to other venues.
We do and when we find a treasure, we will tell you.

The boyfriend was in the mood for Mexican and really wanted to eat here since I always  adamantly say no.
I've eaten at the one in Scottsdale a few times (years ago) and wasn't impressed, so I had no desire to try this location.
However it was his turn to choose so Abuelo's it was.
We arrived and approached the empty hostess counter.
The sign said please wait to be seated.
So we waited, and waited.
Peaked our head's around and saw servers attending tables and waitresses chatting up the bartender.
We started to peruse the menu and after a while the bartender came over and took us to a booth.
I could see him also craning his neck looking for the missing hostess.
Our waitress was very nice and kept our glasses refilled.
She brought a trio of salsas and chips to the table.
They were fine.
Jarred salsa.
Except the green one.
I think it had pineapple juice in it.
I instantly wanted to gag and shoved it to the far end of the table.
We ordered the chicken and spinach mini chimis as an appetizer.
When they arrived I was rather confused as to why there was tomatoes and corn in it.
The cilantro aioli was orange and I couldn't find any cilantro.
I know the server keyed in the correct item as it showed on the bill, however I would never have ordered them had I known that chicken and spinach meant chicken and corn salsa.
For an entree I ordered the new green chili pork burrito with refried beans and the mashed potatoes.
My boyfriend ordered the Juarez which is a beef taco, beef tamale, chicken enchilada, and a cheese enchilada also with beans and potatoes.
At the end of our meal the only thing to disappear from our plates was the potatoes.
The refried beans are apparently cooked in bacon grease.
Neither of us ate them.
Other than the cheese enchilada everything was really dry and flavorless.
It's pretty embarrassing I would think to run a Mexican restaurant and your best menu item is mashed potatoes.
The only reason I'm giving one star is for our friendly waitress.
Abuelo's you have forever been crossed off the list.

Dang.
Amazing food quality and the best happy hour.
Great service.
Group of 4 and we were all amazed.
Wish we lived here, Its our new favorite restaurant.

Avocado enchilada was amazing.
Very affordable for what you get!
Be aware of the wait you'll probably run into... it's worth it.

The atmosphere is nice but everything else was subpar.
Guacamole tasted like it came out a bag, even though they claim it's made fresh.
It was terrible!
Gross

Fast service.
Weston was an awesome waiter.
Loved the Chips and Salsa.
It had a really pretty ceiling.

This is a very beautiful and grandly decorated restaurant.
The food was ok.
Nothing that really had me jumping for joy.
I dined and some of the hole in the wall places that had my squealing with every bite.
I tried their mango salsa and it was ok.
It was a little too sweet and I was expecting savory.
The ultimate feast entree was enormous.
It was enough to feed three people.
Tasty and overfilling is an understatement.
The ambiance was very nice and the service was great.
A little pricey.
Thank goodness I wasn't paying.

Went to Abuelos with a party of 10 at 9:30pm so we were "those people" that are usually hated but we were at an event that didn't have good all evening.
We were promptly seated and taken well care of.
I have been coming to Abuelos for years now and it is definitely my top "upscale" Mexican restaurant.
The queso is always on point and never had anything I didn't enjoy.
From the filet medallions, enchiladas, or the Durango chimichanga that is smothered in the queso.
Everything has great flavor and service is always great.

The food, service, and hospitality were all top-notch.
I had the rib-eye and enchiladas dinner and am really close to slipping into a [glorious] food coma.
Ask for Jos as your server, he's found the elusive medium of being extremely attentive without being overbearing.
Update: Best flan I've ever had in my life!

We arrived around 7 PM on a very busy Saturday night with our visiting granddaughters and were seated in about twenty minutes.
I told the hostess we would take the first available table and we were seated on the enclosed patio.
I would not do that again as the atmosphere is not pleasant, harsh lighting and no decor.
The food was very good and the portions were very large.
Our server was very attentive and friendly.
A good place to take out of town visitors.

I was really hoping that this restaurant was going to be great.
The service was great.
Our waiter was very attentive and knowledgable.
The margarita tasted watered down and very sweet.
The enchiladas really didn't sit well.
Very mushy and kinda bland.
The salsa was good

Came here after a padre spring training game.
Made it for happy hour .
Decent margarita for $5.99.
Great service!!!!
Food okay, did enjoy the "papas" mashed potatoes instead of rice.
Just OK...

Yes this is a chain Mexican Restaurant.
But I find it better than South of the Border or other such fare.
It seems a step ahead of the other chains.
There seems to be a bit more inspiration with the dishes then the typical beef enchilada en red sauce.
For example Spinach enchiladas or bacon wrapped shrimp.
Or even the salsa choices are bit different.
We went with a party of 6 On Sunday lunch.
No problem getting seated, though they were busy.
I have to admit our waitress while very nice was a bit slow on the take.
would constantly bring me a new iced tea, but never removed the empty glasses.
At one point we bussed our own table to prepare to make room for the entrees.
Oh yeah, one of our entrees did not show up with the rest.
It took about 15 minutes for the kitchen to get that one steak out.
Credit to the manager who took it off our bill.
We paid with $25 gift cards bought at Costco for $20 each.
Worked very easily.
there is more than enough food per person.
No one even thought of ordering dessert.
In the past we have had the Margaritas and they were not as sweet as some places sell, which for us was a big plus.
though they tasted just like the Kirkland Costco 'Golden Margaritas" (which we buy and love).
All in all, for a group with more Conservatives Mexican food tastes, this is a safe bet.
Way too much to choose from, which means everyone will get something they will like.
As for the wife and I, we continue our quest for more authentic more adventurous Mexican food in Phoenix.

2nd time we ate here in 2 days.
just moved from San Antonio and we missed Mexican food.
great service and awesome food both days.

I love Mexican food, and this place is always at the top of my list of places to go.
It is costs more than your typical Mexican food restaurant but the quality of food, the impeccable service, and atmosphere definitely make it worth it.

3.5 stars.
Abuelo's is a cool place, lively, colorful and generally pretty fun.
The food is hit and miss.
For example, I had a combo dish with a relleno, and it was one of the best chile rellenos I've ever had.
Cheese enchiladas were so-so, and the taco was just kind of there and not happening.
Chips and salsa were really good...
They bring you 3 different kinds of salsa, and the tomatillo/pineapple one was relish!
I'd go back, but it's a long way from where I live, so I wouldn't be making a special trip just for this place.

I'm not sure if I wanted to give 3 or 4 stars...hubby & I sat at the bar & started with a beer & a frozen swirled sangria (so good btw) they brought out chips & 3 different salsas.
We got there a little before 9pm when Happy Hour started so we waited to order the dip trio, they were great!
$5 for 3 different dips is an awesome deal in my book, especially when they keep refilling chips for you.
Husband ordered a street taco & it took about 15-20 min for it to come out which was disappointing since the bar area wasn't very busy at all.
Service was a bit slow but we had a great time snacking on chips & cooling off with yummy drinks.

Good food- although some dishes better than others.
Service is hit or miss.
Don't go here if you're in a hurry...The fajitas are terrific.
It's a nice atmosphere to go with the family and the kids' menu is great.
My son is a big fan of the cheeseburger taco.

Living on the west side (especially the NW side) of phoenix, you will soon discover the splendors of a suburban, mostly caucasian demographic.
In other words, lots of chain stores and restaurants with most of the food tasting about the same.
That being said Abuelo's is a step above the rest around here.
If you're looking for authentic, high quality mexican food this isn't the place.
You'd be better served going to somewhere in Scottsdale, Phoenix or Tempe.
If you're trying to decide between Macayo's, Abuelo's, salsa blanca, top shelf, and carramba...then this is the place to go.
It can get a bit busy, so come here on the earlier side or expect to wait.
They got a great happy hour menu, and the food is pretty decent tex-mex.
Their salsas are pretty good.
Nothing you eat here will knock your socks off, but you won't be running home with diarrhea either.
If this place were located closer to better mexican options then I'd probably give them 3 stars, but since its the best in the area I'll grant them another one.
TL;DR: Eat here if you're on the NW side and want tex-mex.

Love come here before on several occasions and been impressed with both the food and the service.
This occasion was no exception.
I came with my family and my mother.
We were promptly greeted and seated.
The waitress didn't pressure us to order and encouraged us to take our time.
We opted not to order appetizers since the chips and variety of salsas was plenty.
The choices of the night were the Monterey platter for mom, stuffed chicken medallions for me, the fajita chimichanga for my wife, and the taco and fries for my daughter.
I must start with the kids taco.
For once I can say that it was a taco that I was honestly impressed with and would have welcomed to eat myself.
The chicken medallions were quite good and I would certainly order them again.
They were moist and cooked to perfection.
The papas that accompanied them were also incredible.
For once the rice at a Mexican restaurant was not only edible, but also different in a good way and tasty.
The Monterey platter was enormous and presented plenty of leftovers for the next day.
My mom loved it.
The only downside was the piece of plastic in the guacamole that she encountered.
An apparent corner from the guacamole cream the add their avocados to when they make guacamole.
Don't get me wrong, the guacamole is delicious.
This was brought to managements attention and dealt with immediately and in a very satisfying manner with the apologies of the staff.
I only include this bit to show how good the service is.
The fajita chimi looked good and must have been since my wife wouldn't let me near it.... jokes on her....
I'm attacking her leftovers tonight when she goes to sleep.
The meal itself was very satisfying and delicious.
The service was good and we will definitely return.

Excellent selections on the menu, reasonable prices , and Thursday night Prime Rib melts in your mouth.
The noise level is somewhat disturbing.

The ambiance in this restaurant is really nice, especially for a Mexican restaurant.
I immediately felt it was a good choice by the handsome decor and level of cleanliness.
The chips and salsa were delicious.
The chips were the very thin, crispy chips that I love and are hard to find at grocery stores.
I ordered the lunch enchiladas accompanied by rice and beans, both of which were delicious.
The food was a tad salty, but was very good.
My husband ordered the tilapia Vera Cruz and enjoyed it but wasn't blown away.
Good blend of seasoning and good portion of veggies, but small portion of tilapia compared to the photo on the menu.
The fish and shrimp were cooked very well.
In addition our waitress was very professional and answered all of our questions with good knowledge of the restaurant.
One other plus, the food came out piping hot which I usually have a hard time with at restaurants.
Would definitely return.

Wow, is it me or are the front people who first greet customers just making bad names for their employees.
Girl at abuelo's when first walk in was the rudest individual..... We didn't want to sit at bar and she took major attitude...... Hope the food is better and the rest of the staff is better!!!!!!

Not being very familiar with Mexican food, but knowing that many of the ladies in my club enjoy it, I booked Abuelos's.
They have enclosed their patio and it's lovely.
We had the room to ourselves.
Food was delicious.
everyone enjoyed their choice.
The service was great......and very pleasant servers.
I initially dealt with the manager and every restaurant should have such a wonderful manager.
It's hard to please 38 ladies........but  not one complaint.

My love and I went here on our date night this week.
We were served by Gabriel.
He was awesome!
He was very attentive and pleasant.
We only ordered drinks and an appetizer- Queso Flameado Supremo.
It was gross, and I'm saying that politely.
It looked like it came straight out of the can.
Yuck.
Gabriel offered us  four different styles of salsa with our complimentary chips before ordering.
All of them scrumptious.
Joe and I have both been here before.
Although we don't frequent this restaurant I wanted to enjoy the courtyard and good conversation If you request to sit in the "courtyard" with its beautiful blue skies.
It reminds me of the shopping district in Vegas.

This place is always busy but I don't get it.
Went here last night for dinner with my parents after not having been here for over a year.
The portions DEFINITELY are smaller.
The food, in my opinion, is very inconsistent.
Sometimes ok, other times awful.
However, the only thing you can count on here is over salted food, warm salsa and chewy beef.
Poor quality con queso, tastes like out of a jar.
A manager came by our table and we asked if they reduced their portion sizes.
He said the  portion sizes have not changed just the size of the tortillas.
You figure that one out.

My fianc and I love Abuelos!!
You can get a high quality (non greasy) delicious Mexican dinner for two people for $20!
It is reasonably priced, the food is excellent, and the servers go above and beyond to make your dinner a success!
We have had numerous party gatherings here and every one of them was great!
They also have gluten free options which is AWSOME!

