Have you ever wondered "What is behind those Hooters?
" In Peoria it is a great little sports bar.
Small friendly and decent crowd.
I saw mostly 21-40 year old folks having a good time.
There are the regulars and the staff takes care of them.
They have a decent sized patio and a few video games too.

Great happy hour food and drink prices.
Good service, despite it being all women, they do not ignore female customers.....which we know can be a problem.
The place is full of "regulars" bellied up to the bar.
Lots of T.V.s, darts, and beer.
The patio is nice if you have a larger group and its not 100+ outside.

I first came in here when a friend was on business in Tucson.
This was a Wednesday and they had a nice Taco special.
I hadn't been for a while and stopped in last night on my way home.
The bartenders are not only GORGEOUS but they are warm and friendly and take good care of everyone.
The beer is cold (although $3.75 for a Bud is a little brutal) and the crowd is nice.
Good place to catch a game, I will be back since I do some work at the Sports Complex.

Okay, so mixed review here...
I have been to this place several times in the past, but was not an avid Yelper at the time.
I decided to stop in at The Moon because it is .5 miles from my place, served food, and was open late.
Me and a friend went on a Thursday night and sat right at the bar.
I believe, and correct me if I am wrong, that the bartender's name was Amanda.
If you go here, make sure to see if she is working and sit in her section.
The service here truly deserves 5 stars (from her at least).
She immediately greeted us with a friendly and perky smile and hello and asked what we wanted to drink.
She answered all questions about the drink specials ($4 Skyy, Bombers, etc.).
The drinks started flowing from that point on.
She asked our names and remember it (!
), repeating it several times throughout the conversation.
The rating down on this place comes from the food and someone bizarre customers.
Across the bar sat a group of 3 guys (late 20's), and next to us came and sat an old middle aged man...of course, he had to sit right next to me when there were plenty of open spots.
I started to take notice of the guys at the bar across from us when they were conversating with our bartender.
Oddly, their eyes never made it to hers, rather they were having a conversation with her tits!
On the REAL!
I have come to the conclusion that because this place is attached to Hooters, they have serious competition in terms of having to match the "cliche" fake tit move.
I am about real boobies, but whatev...
The food was mediocre.
Probably a 3 star rating.
I guess I can't expect much considering it was late, and this is technically a bar, and Hooter's food sucks.
I had the sliders, buffalo chicken and bacon burger, and sweet potato fries.
The buffalo chicken sliders were delicious, the bacon burger was dry and flavorless, and the sweet potato fries were ehhhh, and lacked some clear taste.
Be forewarned, this place does not use Red Bull for their drinks, rather some rip off brand called Red Stag.
The bartender made some funny jokes about it, but if you are an avid RB fan, this truly does not cut it.
Also, the vodka they use for their $4 bomber is well, so be careful.
They had an old flier out that said $4 3 Olive, but apparently that is not valid anymore (remove the flier from the bar!).
Anyhow, check this place out.
It is good for drinks and service from the girl I mentioned, all the rest of them seemed a little stand-offish.

Good beer and food!

Honestly, this place might suck.
This is probably the most biased review I could ever write, due only to the fact that my experience here was stellar, amazing, phenomenal, perfect, wonderful, frankly, it was really and truly as good as it gets.
My bestie and I rolled out to Peoria Saturday night for Padres Spring Training.
The next day, we spent a beautiful Sunday at the ballpark watching my favorite team in the history of the world play a charity game against the Mariners while drinking copious amounts of ice cold beer.
Afterward we headed over to the Moon to say hello to our fearless Friarhood leader, the one and only, Steve Adler.
After taking some seriously dorky pics in front of the sign welcoming us to spring training, we stumbled inside and lo and behold, that tall drink of water standing with his back turned to me was a prominent Padres pitcher, name withheld until further notice.
At this point my heart dropped into my stomach and I couldn't think straight (or could that have been the booze?
), but somehow pulled myself together and took a seat just a couple spots away from this gentleman and his lady friend.
Over the course of our time there, I managed to take just one secret picture before getting caught and reprimanded.
There were no drink specials, and I can't remember how much the beers cost, but I don't think they were cheap.
Oh well, it was worth it...Especially when, wait, who's that; walking in the door?
OMG, could it be?
Why, yes, it is, Jake Peavy has just arrived with a couple of his friends/fellow ballplayers from the White Sox.
Ask me why, on a whim, I had purchased a pack of 2009 Padres baseball cards from the gift shop at the Peoria sports complex that same day, even though we only have approximately 3 remaining players still on the team now, in 2011.
Ahhhh, yes, there's Jake's card, a phenomenal picture taken during his Padres prime, so I sidle up to him and squeeze myself between him and another starter (also, oh so hawt, in a rugged way), and ask him demurely if he could be so kind to bestow his John Hancock upon my precious keepsake.
He was so generous and willing, so I offered to buy him a beer, but he politely refused, saying he had one coming, then proceeded to ask me if I do shots.
Um, hello, do I ever??
The server arrived and a shot meant for his buddy ended up in my hand and then in my mouth, and for the first, and probably last, time in my life, I took a shot with JAKE PEAVY!!!
Wow, what a dream come true!
So, when aforementioned current Padres pitcher e-mailed me that night and proceeded to make my trip even better, then worse, but better all at the same time, I couldn't help but add these two days spent in Arizona to the list of the best days of my life.
Thanks, Moon, your overbundance of sexy ballplayers that seem to frequent your establishment on a regular basis (during Spring at least) has officially earned you 5 stars in my book!

Best happy hour ever.
Really.
I had been to moon before, but it has been years.
When I was younger and worked at a near by restaurant we would stop by after closing.
My memories are hazy.
Recently I needed a half way point between me and some other bridesmaids to plan a friends bachlorette party, and The Moon was that point.
Two pints of blue moon, one bud light, and one rum and coke, $9.
Thank you Happy hour.
Really $9.
So naturally when my husband and I were on that side of town and could go for a cocktail and some bar food The Moon was on the top of my list.
He had a crown and coke (not on happy hour) two rum and cokes that were and I had two blue moons.
We also had some sliders and some gooey cheesy tater tot appetizer.
The food was good.
What you would expect.
This is a bar, not a gastro pub, but the cheese wasn't rubber.
The service was friendly, atmosphere nice, and the drinks are cheap.
I think this trip set us back just around $30.
Pretty awesome.

I always enjoyed coming here after a long night of work.
The staff is amazingly friendly and always made my time here great.
The sliders are yummy and their appetizer platter they offer is great.
You can choose between a variety of different munchies.
Over all I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a low key, bar atmosphere.

I unfortunately was not able to go for happy hour, but am planning on going back for it next time.
I met up with a few friends for a girls night out.
It was pretty crowded so we sat anywhere we could find a couple of chairs.
The bouncer kindly came over and told us that there was a table available where we could sit which we did not see.
We ordered the appetizer sampler.
We chose the sweet potato fries, mozzarella sticks, pretzels and something else!
I can't remember.
Nothing really stood out to me to be quiet honest, but I don't know that you come to this place for the food.
The drinks were strong enough and affordable.
The servers were very nice and checked in with us anytime our glasses looked a little low.
We left for another bar, but ended up coming back at the end of the night.
It did seem to get a little rowdy towards the end, but nothing crazy.

Are they fake or are they real?
When you have a drink named after one of man's most pondered questions and it happens to be one of the most asked questions at this particular bar... You know you made the right decision to bypass Hooters and check out this hidden attraction out.
I have faded memories of coming to the moon for a friend's birthday party once before but most recently, a group of friends and I stopped by after a spring training game.
Our first stop had been Salty's for their happy hour, after a while you realize it's just not worth the hassle.
So we headed on over to The Moon....
Hands down better service, better food, and a better crowd!
They just so happened to have rugby on a couple of TVs when we walked in so I knew right away we were in the right spot.
Drinks all around for our part of 6, a big plate of Nachos and who knows how many wings later, everyone was satisfied!
Considering we were not on happy hour pricing the bill was still decent for what we ordered and we never had to wait for a drink.
I'll be back!

Great Beer environment.
Thats my sum it up review.
Great large beers with lots of selection.
Staff is friendly even the door security said bye.
Will visit again when I can round up some friends for a bar night out.

Slow service.
Food usually upsets my stomach but great beer specials and reasonable prices.
Great place for later at night to sit around and play darts or watch the game.

Nice Chill Out Bar.
Hung out with a friend and we had some beer and wings.
Good Service and the waitress was very polite and nice.

Been here a few times before I realized why its so great, this place is not too loud for hanging out with friends, always sports on the TV's, nice casual atmosphere, good drink specials, good looking help that actually provide good service.
Food isn't to bad either.
I know this review doesn't sound that great but all these things are HUGE for a nice place to hang out with friends.

Worst bar I've ever been to!
The food was disgusting and my friend and I immediately sent it back.
The manager then demanded that we still pay for it even though we only had one bite each.
When we said we weren't going to pay for food we didn't eat, she then took away my beer I hadn't even touched yet, demanded we pay for that too, and then kicked us out.
Save your time and money and go to a real bar!

I liked this place.
As far as sports bars go, this one was doing the right things.
Lots of TVs, bar staff that was easy on the eyes, food, and a decent beer selection.
Win.
Should you be staying at any of the nearby hotels, this place is very convenient to get to, and they have great Happy Hour specials.
I liked their chicken tenders/boneless buffalo wings.
Staff was very friendly.

This place is terrible.
Awful beer selection.
Nice enough (if not braindead) servers.
Nauseating clientele.
Won't be going back.

Good hospitality, food and atmosphere.
Fun place for a night out with friends.

It was a slow Sunday night and if course no specials.
Not a big deal, but our waitress had no idea what the specials were and after we ordered water while we looked over the menu she sat down by the front door and proceeded to hang onto a guest who she was really wanting to talk too rather than earn a tip or help her restaurants dismal Sunday sales.
Who new I could have dropped some cash on food and drinks but nope.
So my fiancé and decided to leave and go to the TILTED KILT.
They may were less clothing but have more structure.
Lets not forget about the manager at the poo saloon who just talked to a customer or friend instead if taking care of guests.
So as sip on my sailor jack and spend time with my girl I would like to thank the kilt for their hospitality!

This was the first time I had gone to the Moon.
It was an average bar with middle aged people, it was my mothers birthday.
The bar itself was clean and the door staff was very nice, however the waitress constantly looked like she had a bad taste in her mouth..
I wondered if i should have knocked on her head and asked if anyone was home or bonked her on the forehead and told she needed a V8.
The mozzarella sticks were anything but appealing and 2 of our group had to send back their drinks... twice... could not get it made right.
I stuck with Blue Moon cause I knew it involved 0 mixing.
Won't be returning...

Good place, nice patio for drinks and smoking a cigarette.
The staff was also very attentive and friendly.
Also very convenient  location.

As a night owl hailing originally from the New York, I'm always happy to find a place that actually STAYS OPEN like they advertise.
Unlike its close neighbors, Hooters, and the Tilted Kit,  this is a REAL BAR with REAL SERVICE.
The food is very good; they have daily specials, and the staff is awesome.
I'm a simple man, and I simply love this place.
Oh yeah, I can walk there :) Peace and love to the Moon !
-Will

Had a few amazing nights here with friends.
They are open late, super friendly, fantastic alcohol selection... and if you manage to find a table, you will have the best time here!
They have darts and some arcade games.
Close to everything.

Been to the Moon a bunch of times yet never had time to review it?
Well if I've came a bunch of times then it must be good then right?!?
Yes it is!
Very nice, friendly sports bar in the Peoria area.
I love the classic wood feel of the bar and the decor and they have a lot is TVs.
Also good prices in drinks and I love their buffalo chicken sandwich.
It is a little small of a bar, but that's what makes it fun and special.
I would recommend the moon to anyone wanting to have a good time.

We arrived in Peoria for Spring Training for the first time and needed a place to grab some dinner after our long drive.
Decided on The Moon and liked the place as soon as we walked in.
Our waiter was very knowledgeable about the beer selection and very friendly.
Wish I could remember his name.
We split a chicken sandwich and fries and it was very good.
I would like to give this a 5 star rating, but the servers who brought our food were kind of rude and it seemed like once we got our food, we were forgotten.
Other then that, we enjoyed everything else about visiting this restaurant.

So my son son Erik and I are down here for spring break and from Minneapolis and we were searching for a sports bar.
Yelp was our guide and they were spot on.
Great TV,s and an unbelievable staff, we came back a second night to see the Wild play the penguins and the final 4 sconnie game.
The staff recognized us and set us up with both games.
We had a great night.
Highly recommended!

Great Sports Bar.
Staff is very friendly and food comes out reasonably quick.
The menu is typical American Bar food (Most of it is fried so if you're on a diet - not your place).
The food, atmosphere, and even the staff are superior to Hooters and Tilted Kilt.

Great place for a cold beer and a ton of tots!
Staff is fun and attentive to your needs!

