I really do not know why I haven't shop here at Lowes more often?
Every time I come here, they have everything I need, and their prices are very reasonable.
I usually go to Ace, and Home Depot.
Only because they are closer to home.
But for now on, I will make more of an effort to shop here.

We have our garden built and planted now!
It only took $50.00 and we have a dozen edibles that we wll be growing our self now!
Thanks to Lowe's low prices and great selection.

I have been shopping at the Lowe's in Surprise for over eight years.
They have always had great, competitive prices and helpful staff.
I was there today having paint mixed with codes from a competitor paint brand that they do not carry; however, they match the paint using the codes perfectly!
The guys and gals in the paint department are always very friendly and helpful.
There is usually a little wait to have paint mixed, but not outrageous.
Also, if I need help finding something or figuring something out, they have always been great in directing me.

Great customer service!
Whats important in these stores is employees.
I was in need of help in the paint department and Cesar was a great help.
He helped me with paint and was very knowledgeable in regards to home improvement.
He seems to know just about everything I could think of.
He even helped with questions on grass, security doors, plant care, and hardware.
With guys like Cesar at this Lowes location I will be back.
It makes it that much easier to navigate the store and know what to buy for my home when employees are that helpful.
Also the employees here are friendly...compared to other "big box" stores.
I am glad Lowes is apart of the city of Surprise.

This store has gotten better.
I am sometimes tempted to head over to Home Depot, but in general this store is OK.  Now, as far as why I gave them only two stars, here is where they really really drop the ball.
They do not have an actual cashier in the evenings.
They only have those self service machines which is four machines managed by 1 cashier.
I get it Lowes, you make MORE $$ when you give less service.
(At least that is what YOU think).
Here is how it is actually gonna play out...I am not a fan of self service.
So I won't be using your self checkout.
If you cannot ring me up, you will NOT ring me up.
Get the idea here?

Usual layout.
Staff was friendly.

Ok I really like Lowes I always have.
The day I went to this location I did get some help that I needed but it took a few minutes that usual.
First I needed some things from the tool area.
I am not familiar with everything is so I was wandering looking for what I needed and also for someone that can point me in the right direction.
After 2 employees just looked at me and looked the other way to look for someone else to help a nice man came to my rescue.
He was a bit on the grumpy side but very helpful.
I just looking and talking grumpy is just in his nature.
When he was done he gave me a warm smile and pat on the back.
Then told where I could find the rest of my equipment which was way on the other side of the store far from his realm.
Then I traveled over to the outside garden area for some wheelbarrows.
No one was working out there except for the cashier.
I walked up to him told him what kind of wheelbarrow that I needed and he goes I don't know look over there.....
I am like ok where he goes I cant go over there right now I look around and say why??
And he goes there might be a guy over there to help you.
UGH!!!
so I walked over there pretty mad and was ready to just get everything that I need on my own.
Thank the lord that they had the right wheelbarrows.
Suddenly a two man team came over there and started helping me with my wheelbarrow and cart.
They did work there I just wonder why all the sudden?
Was a boss looking at the cameras in the store see my look of disappointment several times throughout the store feel sorry for me?
Who knows.
Well any way I paid and the little boy cashier was super friendly with me then they all loaded my stuff into my truck like happy little campers.
A-ok is my review just because I feel like it.
This store is still clean and organized.
There was a balance of good and unacceptable service here.
This is not the first and I am sure it will not be the last and that behavior is everywhere.

Good variety of items, but at least for my visit, lacking in customer service.
I will confess up front that I know NOTHING about gardening,,,, or most home repairs.
But in the LOWES commercials the people who work there happily & eagerly provide customers basic guidance and answer questions.
If it says so on television, it must be true, right?
LOL!
Well, not so much.
I found my visit as enjoyable as a visit to an auto repair shop.
Feeling like I was bothering the busy people who work there with my questions which they didn't even pretend to understand & getting their curt answers.
Annoyed, I turned to my other life lines for such situations; google & my dad.
Disappointing.

WORST STORE EVER!!
Had to wait 45mins to pick up a padio set!!!
Soo disorangized..
WORST SERIVICE!!
Iam so disgusted i will never ever return!!
HOME DEPOT ONLY!

My family and I Love this Lowes!!!
It is super accessible off Bell and Grand and the people are always friendly and very helpful!
We especially enjoy the garden department, the employees always point us in the right direction for what we need to keep our plants, flowers and trees looking good!

WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER.
Had flooring dept.
come out and take measurements...supposed to get estimate next day...nothing...called at 6pm and Brian answers the phone.
Oh yeah- we haven't got to it yet.
Will call you back in 30 to 45 minutes.....nothing at 8pm.
So I call- no answer in department.
Talk with manager the next morning....he apologizes and was very helpful but being in customer service myself the damage was already done.
Went to a family owned flooring store and wish I had went to the locally owned company from day one.
Shame on you Lowes and shame on me for knowing better.

I have always had great service at this store.
For anyone looking to compare prices between Lowe's and Home Depot, that's a week to week battle.
Depending on the sale, each store will be cheaper, or more expensive at any given time.
I prefer Lowe's because the store has much better lighting, and is far better organized.

