Despite the large selection and good prices at this store, I cannot go in because of its layout.
It is in a circular layout, which always makes me sick and claustrophobic.
I always feel dizzy inside and I have to leave every 5 minutes to catch my breath.
The bathrooms are also very dirty and its hard to get a parking spot and the lines are always long.
There is good customer service, when you can find somebody.

OK...so the next part of my "packing peanuts"saga!
After Walmart I head over to Office Depot.
I was greeted by a very nice salesman whom I asked about the dreaded packing peanuts!
He knew immediately where they were and lo and behold not only did they have them but they are bio-degradable and came in 2 different sized bags.
Whew!
My search was over.
There was a cashier all set to take care of me and in a flash I was out the door.
Quite honestly, I didn't even know that Office Depot was in this shopping center but I'm sure I'll be in there again!

Stepped in here a couple of days ago.
Reason for the visit was simple, full service copies.
The person behind the counter was great, very patient, and efficient.
I stress patient because she was handling my needs a well as ringing other customers in between.
My issue...where's her back up?
Got $50 in copies and when it was time to pay I asked for the discount I get through my corporate office.
That's when she dropped the bomb on me.
They didn't have me on file.
Then I realized that I was at the wrong office supply store.
Meant to go to Office Max where I get a huge discount and came here on accident.
I swear Staples, Office Depot, and Office Max all start to look the same.
The cashier must have felt bad for me and offered a 20% since I got a lot of copies.
This is what I call great service.
See, doesn't hurt to ask.
Overall, giving Office Depot 4 stars just for the service.
However, I probably will not come here as often since my discounts are through Office Max.

Staff is not knowledgable and unapologetic.
Please use better training procedures as I waited 20 minutes for them to figure out a printer situation (and even tried to help with mo knowledge of the product) and they were still unable to assist me.
Thank you.

