So far so good.
We moved into a two bedroom apartment in February 2010 and signed a one year lease.
We got a really good promotional deal when we signed our lease so I'm not sure what the rates are at this point.
The property is well maintained and the management is fairly nice.
The pool is GREAT!
and we also have a workout facility, racquet ball courts, and a sauna to enjoy.
The location is the best part.
It's right off of the 215 on Gibson.
We have recommended these apartments to many friends and will continue to do so.

I have waited a long time to write this review.
This is home for me, and we are on the cusp of our second lease renewal, so I figured it's time.
Timberlake gives me a warm and fuzzy feeling... but in all fairness, sometimes I really wonder why.
We are on our sixth dishwasher, fourth oven, third washer and dryer, and we have had more than one black widow-related "emergency.
"    In fact, we've had quite a few "emergencies.
"  Two weeks ago, while I was doing laundry, my washing machine decided to disengage itself from the wall.
I was inside and heard this thunderous clunking sound... at first, I thought the clothes just needed to be redistributed inside the drum.
When I went outside, the hose on the wall was spewing like a geyser, flooding our little porch with water.
I ran outside and started pulling on cords and jiggling things, trying to fix the problem.
However, I knew it was beyond the scope of my mechanical powers.
Luckily, it was normal working hours for the maintenance staff and we are right by their shed.
I was soaked from head to toe in water - white t-shirt, no bra, short shorts (hey, I was doing chores) - and ran like a freak to find Gabriel, our friendly community maintenance man.
In my mind, I looked like I was straight out of Baywatch.
Actually, I must have looked like a drippy-wet Cabbage Patch kid, because Gabriel instantly began laughing at me.
Gabriel ran to our apartment right away and fixed the problem - he really is soooo friendly, as are all the staff members and James, the manager.
Still, the "watergate scandal" was just the latest in a long line of household mishaps.
It might just be me and my horrible luck though.
So why do I give such a run-down place four stars (because it IS pretty old)?
Because it feels like home.
It's this thing I can't put my finger on.
We've lived in newer, nicer places... and yet, I think I will miss Timberlake the most when we have to leave.
This is the kind of place where you feel comfortable coming home and relaxing.
It doesn't feel stuffy or pretentious - it's a normal apartment for normal people.
Okay, SOME normal people...
I've met a few trolls at our community BBQs ;)  But all in all, we are satisfied here.

I have lived in Timberlake apartments for 2 years now and have had a really good experience.
The location is perfect and easy access to the 215 and 95 which will get you anywhere in Vegas.
There is also access to a bike path which will connect all the way to Lake Mead and around to Lake Las Vegas.
I have always felt safe living here.
The pool is always well maintained and great in the summer.
I have had great response to any maintenance issues from smoke detector battery replacement (can't reach it) to washing machine issue.
They also offer free pest spraying on Thursdays as long as you call that week to get on the list.
The 2 times I've found a roach in my apartment, I called and got on the list, and then no more problems for 4-5 months.
I would definitely recommend Timberlake apartments to friends looking to move to the area.

