This place sucks.
I work nearby and thought I would give them a shot.
Bad mistake.
Took over 50 minutes after the car came out of the wash!!!
Really??
50 mins to dry a car?
Do yourself a favor and NEVER GO HERE!!!!!!!
Even if your retired and have all day, go somewhere else!!

Never been to that car wash, but had a gift card for it.
I purchased the silver package($15), just an outside wash,with tire dressing, no wax.
I prefer to clean the interior of the car myself as I do not like certain interior cleaners and protectors (Armour All).
Silver package did not mention cleaning inside the vehicle, but my car came back with the interior vacuumed and wiped down.
Car was washed and dried quickly, did not take more than 30 mins even with 3 or 4 cars ahead of me.
Nothing exciting to report except I think it was a little too pricey for an exterior wash.
I 'll go back again to use up the gift card, but I have a guy that comes to my house who washes, hand dry, hand wax and cleans the interior for $25 +$5 tip......waaaaaay better!

I've only been here once and I thought this place did a decent job.
My leather really needed cleaning so I did their leather conditioning package which included the silver car wash for $60.
While I was there the guy said he would throw in a wax job for another $10 which I thought was a good deal so I had him do that too.
I was overall very satisfied with how my car came out.
My only problem was that it took an extremely long time.
I remember being there close to an hour.
When I looked outside I saw that there was only 1 guy working on my car.
So understandably it would take 1 guy a long time to do all the interior (condition the leather, shampoo the carpet, etc) I just wished there were more guys available to make it go faster.
The place had a small little cafe area where you could sit inside and wait.
It was like a little convenience store inside with snacks and drinks.
When I finally got my car back it was very clean and completely dry (probably because it had time to dry while the guy was detailing the interior).
I'll probably come here again.

I had my excursion detailed here for $65 (Dec 2, 2010).
It took them over 2 hours and when I got it back it had dirty patches all over.
Especially in the door jams.
But what is worse, that night the truck was stolen from right in front of my house!
The police and insurance both tell me that car wash staff look for certain cars and when they spot one they want- all they need to do is look at your registration for your address.
Further, In the 2 hours they had my car it would even possible for them to create a duplicate key and transponder.
If I had another car, I'd never take it back there again!

I wanted to get my car washed before a long trip, figured I might as well get more than the basic exterior.
I went in and they had a deal on their 'Express Detail' which includes cleaning all the interior as well.
I figured it was worth it.
Big mistake.
After waiting an hour I get up and start watching... nobody touches my car... watch them finish up some other cars... maybe they are waiting for my carpets to dry... finally ask the receptionist lady (who speaks some English) and she says, it is done.
It had been done for a while and she told the guy to get me since she saw me waiting.
She wasn't doing anything, but she couldn't come get me.
I waited 30+ minutes.
Finally I go check the car.
Spots all over it, from the wax, from bird poo, from water.
Interior cleaner, but not well vacuumed.
After waiting 1.5 hours I just want out of this place.
Needless to say I won't be back.
Honestly, how are people supposed to guess their cars are ready when you can't even see them from the patio waiting area.

I come here once a year....  Price - Competitive.
I skipped this year, the 20 or 25.00 service and went for the 65.00 SUV service of interior cleaning, all carpets and mats cleaned.
Wow, what a good job!
Wait time - I went before lunch during the week, so it took only 2 hours for the full service 65.00 job.
If you go with one of the basic packages, it is only about 30-35 minutes.
Cool - Inside, they have a lot of stuff to sell  you if you are thirsty, or need accessories for your car.
You can view your car going through the wash cycle.
I like the quality and attention.
Check it out!

It's aight...my wait time on a Saturday afternoon was 15 mins.
Of course, like anywhere else, you come for the basic service, and they will try their best to upsale.
Alright, I understand that it may be a requirement for their job, so I kindly reject the suggestion of getting the deluxe package.
But then comes the "remove the dents on your windshield" guy, who was so aggressive that I got annoyed, telling me that it's no charge to me, just to my insurance...three times that he tried to get me to use their service.
When he realized that he won't be getting the sale, he was a bit huffy and puffy.
Whatevs.

I got a living social coupon to come here to get my truck washed, they are a bit slow, they get the job done ok.
They have several seating places inside and out which helps, but it is a bit too slow.

Keep driving.
Slow.
Expensive.
Guy got in my car drinking a coke.
I don't even eat or drink in my car.
Rude employees.
Understaffed.
Management completely non responsive.
Never coming back.

Did a good job, my interior was a mess when I brought it in.
Didn't find anything wrong with my car after.
Was a bit of a wait.
Plan about 30min to an hour.
They have a patio, you can sit outside and read.
Avg wash/wax/vacum/windows seems to run $30+.
More for shampooing carpets, leather, etc...

I have mixed feelings on this place.
Gave it a try only because of a great deal on living social $18 for 3 washes.
They had a pretty good assembly line working - start at one station, someone moves it up to the next.
All the staff I dealt with were very friendly and professional.
They have benches scattered around the property as well as a decent sized waiting area/convenience store with a few video poker machines.
My phone was dying so I played $20 out of sheer boredom - don't bother their machines are ridiculously tight and you don't seem to get free bvgs for playing.
They also have free wifi and some massage chairs like brookstone.
I didn't look but assuming they're pay not free.
I like the idea that its completely hand wash/dry, but don't come here of you're in any kind of hurry.
No exaggerating, I was waiting there for little over an hour from handing over my keys to getting them back.
Mind you this was a weekday early afternoon.
I'd avoid this place on weekends.
It wasn't a huge deal since I wasn't in a hurry, but I expected 30min at the most.
It would've been nice if they mentioned up front that it would take so long.
The guys in the parking lot of 711 off Sahara near commercial center also hand wash and dry and those guys take max 15 min.
I don't mind waiting for a quality job, but they weren't detailing my car - just wash/dry, vacuum and wipe down the dash.
Dash was a really half @ss job, I actually went over and told the guy vacuuming that he didn't have to bother since I had so much random sh*t tossed around the floor.
I felt bad.
He said ok but evidently did it anyway.
My car was nice and sparkly clean, all the dirty Vegas rain spots were gone.
But they missed a lot of spots like the dips where you put your hand to pull door handle.
Didn't do a good job on the bottom panel of the car either.
For the amnt of time it took, I really expected it to be perfect.
I still tipped because they worked hard regardless, but I'm not coming back once my other washes are up next month.
After that it's back to the 711 parking lot for me.
Those guys also don't charge a set amnt its a "donation" supposedly for some unspecified church.

Realized on my 2nd visit the irony that name is "hand wash", but they have the assembly line looking washers - definitely not even hand washed!
It is dried and detailed (sloppily) by hand.
They do seem to wash by hand a little since the guy did get out what I thought was permanent black rubber mark on my door.
My groupon is done now, so I wont be back again.

I've been going here on and off for years.
It's not the quickest place in town (they are often fairly busy), but they do a good job at a reasonable price.
Plus they have free wifi, which makes time go by a little quicker.
Look for their Living Social and Groupon deals and you'll save a little $.

Prices are decent, they don't try to upsell you on every little thing.
I've had a living social deal and a groupon here so far and services have been up to par on both.
I upgraded to a full exterior detail last year as the car was due for a wax and they did a great job.
Last time I was here they found my Armani sunglasses I thought I'd lost and made sure to tell me.
I thought that was pretty nice of them since they could have easily just swiped them.

This place has been my go to place for years until they opened the 7-Hills car wash which was closer to me.
Unfortunately, that place kept going down hill in terms of service and their prices climbed at the same time.
Hence, back to my old standby, GV Hand Car wash.
While this place is out of the way for me, it is worth the extra ten minute drive because of the quality job they do in washing my car.
First off, it surprises me the lack of regular full service car washes there are in this town and the number of mobile auto-detailers.
I guess the latter are just filling the void.
Anyway, I digress.
Here are the reasons I enjoy GVHCW so much:  -Fair prices (a great bargain if you go to there website and print out a coupon)  -Quality service -Detail oriented   My only issue is that it does take awhile.
However, they do take there time when drying your car to make sure everything is clean and wiped down properly.
When I go here, I know that I am not going to be in and out quick, but it is for good reason.
To all the people that complain on here about there slow service, there are a good number of quick car washes out there that do a half-ass job but get you out quickly.

HORRIBLE experience!
They were told NO vinyl protectant on the interior.
They wrote in on the ticket.
However, the person wiping the car down did not bother to read the ticket and said he did not see it.
Really?!!
To correct their error, they wiped it down with something else to take it off and we were told it be gone when it dried.
They LIED!
It did not come off and my interior is ruined with that shiny crap!
These people do not READ tickets and they LIE!

Stay away from this place!
I had clean my car when I got home.
Garbage left in the front and back, under the seats were not vaccummed, horrible job vaccumming the seats, and the cupholders and doors were still dirty.
Waste of 20 dollars and they tried to sell me their scam of cracks in the windshield, which was really a dirt that I scraped off the windshield.
Horrible experience.

WARNING TO ALL THOSE THAT WANT TO GET THEIR CAR WASHED...DON'T DO IT!!!
Here is the story:  -Got our car washed  -Drying guy stopped abruptly and looked at his rag as though something was wrong  -Didn't think anything of it at the time -He went in back area and got a new rag - he wrapped it up and I left.
-While on vacation, we noticed major scratches on the inside of our window tint and I thought back to how that could have happened...
CAR WASH!!!
-WE DID NOTHING TO HAVE CAUSED THOSE SCRATCHES TO OUR WINDOW TINT (Nothing was back there high enough to hit the window, nobody sat back there, we have no dogs, etc.).
-Called manager of car wash while on vacation to explain situation - he was rude and short - told me to come in and they will check it out  -Came in on 6/12/12 to get car washed (Groupon Deal) and show manager window tint scratches from last time  -Manager calls over head manager, DELL.
This MANAGER IS NOT A MANAGER AND HE HAS THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE AND MANNERS!
If anything happens to your car while you are at this car wash, they will DO NOTHING...
I REPEAT, THEY WILL DO NOTHING FOR YOU!
Large signs everywhere that state they are not responsible for blah blah blah   Manager, DELL, said "HE DIDN'T DO IT" I told him I know you didn't do it, but one of your guys did.
He claimed it was the seat belt (that couldn't reach the window in anyway), or just ME somehow.
Arguing went back and forth.
I said it could have been a dirty rag (rock/debris, etc.
) that the detailer had or the detailer's ring.
He said, and I quote, "Guys Don't  wear jewelry".
Really?
Yes they do!
I forgot... we live in Las Vegas and we couldn't possibly have dirt/rocks here in Vegas (sarcasm of course).
The entire situation was quite humiliating.
Dell was in no way accommodating, empathetic to the "customer's situation" and was extremely condescending.
I asked if he was the owner and he said no and that the owner lived out of State.
I asked to contact the owner.
He refused to give me the owner's contact info.
He said, "I am it...I am the top" and that I could not speak to the owner.
Ways Dell, the manager, could have helped me in the situation (customer's are usually right, right?
)  1.
He could have asked me if I recognized the detailer who I thought caused the scratches and we could have asked him if he recalls anything 2.
He could have taken me aside and spoken to me privately instead of in front of all his workers/customers in the fashion he did  3.
He could have provided me the owner's contact info.
OR    HE COULD HAVE JUST TAKEN CAR OF MY WINDOW TINT SCRATCHES!
To all you Yelpers, I promise you...
I am in no way trying to get my 2011 50K car's expensive window tint taken car of by this Green Valley Car Wash place because of something I think I did.
I would not put myself through all this if I knew for a fact this was something I did.
To add that I am being truthful, the window tint (nano film) is under warranty with the window tint company that I went through.
I would not have put myself or gone through this horrible/embarrassing situation if I believed they did not do it.
It the principal.
Green Valley was responsible for the damage and they DO NOT WANT TO TAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY.
My GOAL: is to tell everyone in every way I can that I would not trust your car at this place because if something does happen, THEY WILL DO NOTHING ABOUT IT!

My boyfriend and I always take our cars here.
The price is decent and the service is great.
I'm honestly surprised to read the bad reviews/horror stories this place has received.
We've been taking our cars here for years and haven't had a problem.
While it's not a "5 star" car wash (what car wash is anyway?
), it's better than going to Terrible Herbst.
The only complaint/warning I do have is the guy that comes to check your windows before your car goes into the wash.
He'll try to tell you you have a tiny chip in your window, which he can fix for free as it will be covered by your insurance.
Be careful, some insurance companies don't actually cover this, or it may count against you as a claim for a tiny "chip" that's barely noticeable.
99% of the time you probably don't need this service as he is pointing out dirt marks before your car has been washed.

Its just keeps getting worse.
Now its not even a hand wash anymore and it seems like they are more concerned with speed than quality or customer service.

This place has gotten worse!
They no longer have anybody handwash your car.
Went there today and i had to drive my car through the automated carwash myself.
If i knew that i could have took my car to one of those at the gas stations.
And i didnt notice until after i left there that the backside of my Explorer was still dirty.
I also printed out a coupon from their website that gives students and casino workers 25% off any packaged deal.
So i got the Full Service for $14.95 but when i go to pay the lady at the register says the coupon is good for the Silver Service ($17.95) and up.
Well nowhere on the coupon or the website states that, and the lady seems rude about it.
So now i wasted my time and printer ink for a useless coupon.
I used to come here often but it seems like they are trying to streamline the business to save money by not needing a whole lot of employees i think thats why they got rid of the handwashing system.
There service is going downhill and i dont think i'll be back here anytime soon.

No longer a hand car wash place.
I had to drive my own car through.
(Guess I have to try the 7 Hills hand car wash place.
) This place still has great greeting cards, though!

I bought a Living Social voucher for 3  $12 car washes for $18.
I have had my car washed here before and they did a wonderful job of cleaning out the interior and exterior, taking a good 30-40 minutes on the car.
I was expecting something similar as the car washes had cost about $12 before ($6 with the voucher).
However, I was shocked this time that they just had me drive through the car wash myself.
No vacuuming or cleaning the inside.
They took off the antenna and threw it in the car and told me to drive forward.
They forgot to tell me to put the car in neutral and the car bounced off the pushing lever.
I had to put the antenna back on myself.
The wash was done in 5 minutes.
I talked to the manager that I wanted my money refunded for the remaining 2 car washes as I did not plan to come back.
He said he had nothing to do with it.
"Talk to Living Social".
I told him I will write a review of my experience.
he said "I don't care what you do".

This place has went down hill.
Don't waste your time or money can't even give it one star.
Use to be good now it just plain sucks

Love coming here.. the people are always nice to me I think cuz I demand attention automatically :)

Do not leave anything in your car that you value.
I have been coming here once a week for over a year getting the "gold" wash, which is about $22.
The last time I went, I had a few gift cards in my door and when I got back in, they were gone.
I asked about them, and all I was told was "they have signs telling you not to leave valuables in your car".
The GM, Del, told me he will give me a basic car wash for my troubles, but he can't verify if they were in there or not.
So after spending $100 per month there, $150 if you include my other car, they are going to take my $50 in gift cards and give me a $15 wash.
Thanks for going out of your way champ!
Go to Charleston West Car Wash if you want the best wash in town.
I dealt with them for years and they were always great, but when I moved to Green Valley, I started going to this place.
Not any longer.
I will drive out of my way to go to Charleston from now on.
Oh yea, they still hand wash your car unlike Green Valley "formerly hand" Car Wash!

No issues for me here....
They did change the name to just: Green Valley Car Wash  The guys are always friendly, and my truck comes out clean.
Seems that a lot of the issues wouldn't happen if you would look at the car before you get in and drive away.

I've been coming here for about 4 years now and I've never had a problem.
The staff is nice and the wait isn't too bad.
I'd rather wait than do it myself.
Wish they would have kept it as a "hand wash" car wash.
I am knocking out a star because it never fails...I always get asked if I want the chips on my windshield fixed.
For the 100th time...NO!

I've been to this car wash 4 times.
I pass other car washes just to come here.
On this visit they have broken my ignition key and now I cannot start my car.
The idiot that did it just handed my keys back to me like nothing was wrong.
I'm pissed and stranded.
I will never come back here again!
And what is they're compensation: cards for 2 free car washes.
Really!

So I spoke to the General Manager about the key they broke and they are refusing to pay to replace it because their employees have lied and said the key was broken when I gave it to them.
Which is impossible because you can't start to car with a broken key.
So now I'm going to take them to Small Claims Court.
Ugh!!
If it was possible for me to give no stars I would.

Argued with guy about price- on the phone then in the store.
If you don't want to give the discount then don't advertise it on your site.
Got the complete detail job.
Came home and realized- footprint still on back of one of my seats, didn't wipe my cup holders and surrounding area, side windows were barely touched.
Family members had similar issues with place previously, apparently.
Not going back.
I'll give my free wash (that I got with package) to someone else.

Decided to finally was my messy vehicle to I brought it in.
I thought the price was a bit high forthe gold service and a hand wax.
It around $50.
They did do a great job!
The back seats came out great, keep in mind I have 2 Rottweilers that are in my car almost daily.
I would come back here when needed.

This is the second time I've gotten my car washed here and both times I was really happy!
My car looks amazing and they offered me a special to get my upholstery and outside of the car washed for $50 rather than the normal $60.
The staff was nice and friendly too.

I have been going here for years.
Last week I was told I must remove my trailer hitch because it can "damage the tunnel.
" Their explanation was nonsensical.
Removing my hitch is a hassle.
I won't be going back.
Ever.

Can't recommend this place.
Hate judging a bad experience on one visit but felt rushed, service was not that friendly and the wash machine did not even dry half my car.
I had to park and go find the guy that I paid and tell him.
He had to get someone to come over and hand dry my car.
By that time much of the soap that had also not been rinsed off left streaks on the car.
Would have been better off just going to Terribles.

The leather conditioner they used on my seats was rancid!!!
It was sticky and left my car smelling like a nasty deep-drier..
Booooooo!

I give this car wash one star, because there is not an option for half a star.
I bought their $150 detail as part of a car care package from an auction.
I was totally disappointed with the effort they put in.
It was not even a good car wash let alone a good detail.
I had to go home and wipe down everything again, just to get the Schmutz off.
Nasty.
Disappointed.
Will not go back.
If you're thinking about it, think again.

2nd review in this place.
First time was 5 stars.
Looks like it is under new management since last time I visited.
Constantly trying to up sell.
Tried to get an extra $10 for the clear coat.
Plus now they have a window chip repair onsite- another up sell.
Told me there were tiny chips in the windshield and wanted to change my insurance.
Didn't even clean my cup holder.
I will never go again.
Find another place

Piece of crap.
Wish I can give it 0 stars but Yelp is forcing me to be nice.
Terrible establishment with terrible values as a business.
Anyone who gives them business should be ashamed.
Never going back here again

I have been coming to this place for my car washes for the last 5years.
Today I was very surprised how rude this manager "Chris".
I would NOT recommend anyone to come here.
There are plenty of friendlier car washes in the Vegas valley!
( he said I don't know my math, when I only wanted to buy a package: 3-gold wash get 3 free and refund the cashier charged me $14.95.
I told him I want to use one of six-gold from my package today ($10.50) and I want $14.95 refund, this "Chris" said he cannot refund.
To me it's pretty simple: sell me the package, refund the $14.95, and use one of the ticket for this wash.
There's no math involved and there is no need to be rude unless a customer  is cursing at you.
I would never set foot here again nor I would recommend anyone.....

Took my car here twice, never again.
They tried to "repair" the cracks in my windshield when they already repaired them the first time I was there.
They kept trying to get me to do it again.
Took a really long time to dry it & when I got into my car, they took all my change in the small compartment.
Really!?!
Glad I took out other valuable items.
Don't go here.

Management helped fix the problem and all is well.
Tried then again.
These guys are crooked and they don't do what they say they are gong to do.

Not good.
First, beware of the scammer who's gonna greet you and ask you if you were interested in fixing "the chips' on your windshield.
Then, are you interested in paying +$15 for a car wash that doesn't bother cleaning your cup holder or empty your car's ashtray?
Lastly, even their express car wash machine is terrible.
It left deep scratches and swirls on my car.
The owners should save their dignity and close this place or consider giving customers better service.

Got my car washed and I got home I noticed they missed a lot of stuff.called the next day they told me bring my car on and they would wipe everything down..when I got there and showed them what they missed they No it wasn't them that I dirtied my car and it was my fault.
Everything was on the passenger side and on the trunk.i explained to them there was no way I got one side that dirty with out getting the tires and driver side dirty.
Some big guy came out and told me if I wanted my car 100% clean and spotless it would be 150$ for full detail work.
When I tried explaining it to him he told me it wasn't his problem and he didn't care,also told me to wash my car myself if I wanted clean my way..
I told him I'm going to another car wash he said ok good idea I don't need your business and to get off his property.when i got in my car to leave he tried blocking me in claiming cars to pull up behind me and on the side.. Never have I had such horrible service I'm my life.. Needless to say I went to another car wash told the guy I just need out side when he asked me why it looks like it just got washed I took him to the passenger side showed and told him what happend,out of good faith he gave 50% off full service.

DO NOT GO HERE!!
Don't waste your money ..
I came here because I workout @Club Sport and it is close by.
It has a sign $6 = 6 minutes so today May 12, 2014 I decided to go.
I am 7 months pregnant and have 3 little ones my car isn't that dirty we don't let our kids eat or drink in the car so I drive up and I tell the guy I need the car VACCUM he says lowest service is $$$$14.95!!!!!!
I say okay well that is the most I have EVER paid for a car wash but okay I will do it.
I give him the keys go in with my little ones and literally 6 MINUTES later they say my car is done ...
MINE YOU I didn't pay for 6minutes I paid more because I wanted it VACCUM well first of all they parked my car as far as they could ..
I walked all the way there to see the INSIDE the same NOTHING was wiped down..
TERRIBLE so there I go again walking with my kids to get a manager to just stand in the sun 20 minutes and no one ever came!!
I don't like to complain I really don't I know it is hot outside and car wash can get pretty busy BUT come on I paid 17.31 with tax and air fresher for NOTHING and my kiddos and I go walking back and forth for nothing!!
TERRIBLE place please save your money && time and go somewhere else!!!!!!!!!!!!
Note: NO manager offered to help me after being outside pregnant with my kids, the cashier didn't care about the problem she looked at my like I was crazy and the guy that was "suppose" to clean my car didn't care either : /

A attendant recklessly scratched up my car using pliers to remove the exterior antenna.
Who does that?
Avoid this place at all costs.

Felt really rushed.
They try and upsell you on chip repair and have you call your insurance company and talk on the phone for 15 mins figuring it out.
They missed a lot of chips on both cars that I had done.
Couldn't figure out who to get the keys from afterwards.
Very unorganized place.
Also the cars weren't cleaned very well.
I don't normally write reviews, but had to warn people not to go here.
Go somewhere else.

Love getting my cash wash here.
I love their new equipment and enjoy the friendly service.
Keep it up guys!!

I have to admit, this car wash is slightly ghetto and I'm willing to bet that 99% of the employees have been incarcerated and/or repeat offenders----BUT something about this car wash I love!
I've been coming here for about 5 years and I've never really had any problems with the staff or unsatifactory issues with my car.
The only thing that's annoying is they ALWAYS want you to contact your insurance inside so that they can "seal" the damage on your windows caused by kicked back rocks on roads.
Normally I get this service, but sometimes I'm in a hurry and tell them no.
I don't need this service EVERY SINGLE TIME I RETURN.
They must get some sort of commission from it because they are so aggressive with it.
There's a guy there that seems to be in charge and he takes it personally if you don't want to get the window service---AND if you don't want to upgrade your car wash package.
He's friendly until you say no then he becomes short with you and acts like he's got so much to do.
Jerk.
Also, some of the guys at the car wash act like they've never seen a WOMAN!
They tend to drool, pass by you several times while your waiting, and giggle like school boys while they are gawking at your ass ladies!
With that being said, at this moment they've appeared harmless.
At no time was any of them ever disrespectful towards me.
The guys are friendly and will make small talk with you--just watch your purse!
LOL The exterior as well as the interior of my vehicle is always looking new and shiny and that's all that really matters!

The car wash itself is good priced and clean.
My issue is with customer appeal and some customer service.
(This is a key component to me in reviewing a business) Some people who talk through their intercom are completely difficult to understand, it's the only way to know your car is finished (it's beyond me why they wouldn't do an order number system of some sort.
They just call out the type of car) so this system is something that is very unappealing to me.
We thought our car was done and went outside- after walking around aimlessly due to lack of any system or even a pick up sign.. an employee said "just a minute" and never came back to us.
Our car wasn't done.
We went back inside after being ditched by that employee- questioning if he really was even talking to us hahaha... and waited.
There's no doubt they work hard here, and the car service is good.
I don't care what kind of employees they have, it's clear they work hard and lets face it, working in this heat is no easy task!
But the customer service/organization is lacking.
Their website said there was an area to play slots/poker.
Must have been taken out as I can't find it!
Haha.

