Every time I am up in Sedona - this is a must!!
In fact I have even started going up there just for lunch.
My daughter takes me there on Mother's Day.....awwwww!!!
This restaurant is one of those places that when I look at the menu....I cant decide because a lot of things look really good!
And that is always a great sign for me!!
I have always had great service - is it just me or does everyone seem pretty happy in Sedona?!
Get a table on the patio so you can enjoy the Red Rock views - really stunning and breathtaking to enjoy lunch with the back drop of those rock formations!
Portions I find are very generous - the chef must be in love here - because it shows!!
Haha =0) This is always a great treat for me!
Oh and hiking comes afterwards =0)

I am surprised at the lack of reviews here.
This place is great, a little hidden when driving through Sedona.
You'll find this place amdist plenty of art galleries.
I love coming to Shugrue's every time I drive up to Sedona.
They have one of the most spectacular views in all of Sedona!
Their lunches are delicious and not heavy by any means, and I love how they give you a scone with your lunch.
Too cute!
It is the best restaurant to stop by if you want to enjoy a lazy lunch, sip on a couple beers or margaritas, and enjoy all the nature around you.

Lets say you want to watch the sun set on the beautiful red rocks of Sedona, and you'd like to enjoy a well prepared meal while you're waiting for the sunset.
Well, Shugrue's has just what you want and need.
The deck is three stories above the road below and encircled by some really great art galleries.
The service was a little slow to begin with but once we got our waiters attention everything progressed nicely.
A little viognier as the sun hit the visible horizon, a nicely chilled caesar salad with rolled anchovies and sundried tomatoes as the sky transformed into a fire-like orange glow, and as the last light dimmed from view the stars arrived along with a delicious New York, order and cooked rare over a mesquite fire.
I would guess that popcorn would be delicious with this view, but why not have what you really want...it's easy at Shugrue's.

This restaurant is one of the few that serves Ahi (you can only call tuna Ahi if it comes from the Hawaiian Island waters - flown in 3 times a week).
It is a favorite for we locals as well as tourists.
Views are some of the best in Sedona.
Wait-staff always friendly and efficient.

An ok restaurant.
Not gourmet food by any means, but decent.
Service has always been good when I have dined there.
Prices or reasonable.
OK place to eat, lunch or dinner.
Don't expect to be overwhelmed.

This is most likely the best restaurant in Sedona although I think it's pricey for what they offer.
That's the landlord's fault, not the restauranteur's.
There's nothing particularly original or sophisticated at SHG except that the food is well prepared and presented using quality ingredients and good cooks.
It's an upscale place where you can dress up or be casual and still feel comfortable.
The servers are experienced and knowledgable in addition to being friendly and personable.
You'll get what you ordered and it will be prepared according to your instructions.
I agree with another reviewer that the wine list is sparse for a restaurant of this ilk but it is also a sign of unpretentiousness and simplicity as the wines they offer are good albeit overpriced.
When I want to celebrate a special occasion and have a top drawer dining experience in my hometown, SHG is always at the top of my list.
I also want to put in a pitch for SHG's sister establishment Javelina Cantina which is located in the same Hillside complex.
Shugrue's also has restaurants in Lake Havasu.

ShooGoo was sort of a template 4-star place: good food, American menu, big ole portions, and nice service.
It lacked the special zsa zsa zsu needed for 5 starrs.
My filet with Béarnaise sauce was excellent.
The highlight of our meal, however, was our mushroom with Gorgonzola appetizer.
Mmm.
And, of course, they have the nice view, though that was pretty pervasive throughout Sedona.
sunny az... yow, bill

Wanted to give this 5 stars, but we called for a reservation with a view and told that would be fine, when we arrived the hostess tried to seat us in a corner booth with no view.
The waiter came over, saw that we didn't look too happy and advised us a different table and...get this...it wasn't even HIS table!
He was just being nice and wanted us to have a good dinner.
We had the mushrooms with gorgonzala and they were HUGE and delicious.
I didn't expect such big portions.
This place is expensive, but the service was excellent (after the hostess) and we had a great view.
I ordered the ahi tuna steak with mashed potatoes and my boyfriend had a fried salmon or something like that but it was delicious too.
Neither of us could finish our meals!

We have gone here twice after hiking in Sedona.
This place has some great views of the mountains from which you can see clearly from both the indoor and outdoor seating.
It has fairly reasonable lunch prices and a great menu, I wish I was hungry enough to eat one of everything on their menu-It all looks so good!

I don't give too many 5 Star reviews - Shugrue's Hillside Grill totally deserves it!
The service and attention was great and we were seated at a great table with breathtaking views of Sedona.
We started off with the fried calamari.
The tartar and marinara sauce really made the cake.
Both were delicious compliments to the fried calamari.
Next, the lettuce wedge salad with bacon bits, blue cheese dressing and the works was fresh, crispy and delicious.
Next...(drum roll please), was the ribeye steak smothered with Jamaican sweet salsa, sweet potatoes, green beans and garlic mashed potatoes.
Hand down the best steak I've had in a while!
Tender, juicy and was a pretty nice sized portion.
If you're gonna visit Sedona, come here to enjoy fine dining, great views, great service and fantastic food for a good price!

The wait staff were wonderful and very accommodating!
This is probably the best seafood I have had in the state of AZ.
Excellent grilled halibut and lobster tails!
The wine was a bit pricey, but that's to be expected at a place like this.If you get your hands on The Scene, a local paper, it has a 25% off coupon that will help.
Everything was prepared to mine and my family's liking, and the atmosphere was gorgeous.

I'm a snobby Bay Area foodie, so I was skeptical of the glowing reviews of Shugrues here on Yelp.
But, we were desperate for a red rock sunset so we gave it a go...  Wow, totally lived up to the reviews!
Yes, the view is one of the best in Sedona...totally unobstructed panoramic of the red rocks, and on a warm night, you can stay out and enjoy it for hours.
I thought the food would be so-so because of their priceless views, but I was totally impressed.
The prices may look steep, but you get hot fresh bread, and a hearty salad with your entree.
Real leafy greens in the salad was a plus (it's amazing that people even serve iceberg lettuce in restaurants these days).
And the fish entrees are succulent and fresh...I had the blackened halibut with wild rice and butternut squash, and it was cooked perfectly.
We shared a bottle of Greg Norman sparkling wine, and the servers really knew how to make it feel like a special night.
They were super friendly and attentive, and the whole place has a peaceful but upbeat feel to it.
Everyone seems to be taking in the delicious views with their equally delightful dinner.
If I end up in Sedona again, I'd go back for sure.

Stumbled in on this place while shopping at some galleries.
Not visible from the road.
Obviously patronized by many locals, as the waitstaff greeted several parties by name.
Had a fantastic grilled salmon salad- very fresh & great flavor, cooked perfectly.
Large portions.
Also wonderful Red Rocks views  from large windows.
Would definitely recommend.

They do everything right.
We sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the gorgeous panoramic view of the Red Rocks.
My son had the Hillside burger and OMG couldn't finish it!
What?
That never happens.
I had the petite filet and it was done perfectly.
The unusual combination of green beans and butternut squash was really much better than I thought it would be.
We were so stuffed we could not even look at the dessert menu.
Plus I have to mention our server was excellent.
He took very good care of us and so we took good care of him as well!
;-$

I first heard of Shugrue's on my facebook news feed: "... best rack of lamb besides ours: shugres in Sedona...."  I bookmarked the place and remembered to come.
I didn't remember the rack of lamb and got a half-rack of baby back ribs instead.
Dinner was OK, but the restaurant did not strike me as a vibrant operation.
We came on a weekday evening, and there simply weren't that many diners.
The menu is extensive, with choices all over the map, and I could just imagine the cooks sitting around in the kitchen, telling jokes and idly looking at crossword puzzles, waiting for someone in the dining room to order something, anything.
I felt like I had mistakenly boarded a sinking ship and wondered whether I should try to help plug the leaks or escape on a life raft.
I don't know when I'll next be back in Sedona; odds are that I won't return to Shugrue's.
For this yelper, the food at Shugrue's rated only two stars, but the day was saved by the wonderful gentleman (originally from Croatia) who waited on our table.
In fact, everyone in the dining room, from the hostess to the bus person, struck me as friendly, helpful and engaging.
I wish all these people well and hope that Shugrue's will see better days.

I don't know how I've missed this place over the years, but I'll dine here in future trips to Sedona.
We visited on September 1, just before Sedona gets busy.
Up until now, everything has been deserted, but this place got busy during our visit.
We were concerned that it was pricey, but since this was our only splurge, we went for it.
So glad!
The service was outstanding - thanks Faith!
The patio was comfortable (often, patio seating is not), and the views were spectacular.
The bread is warm and tasty, and Wednesday is 1/2 price night on selected bottles of wine.
I ordered "easy blackened" scallops at the suggestion of Faith because I was leary of too much black/spice.
They were enormous, cooked perfectly - tender, sweet - and lived up to everything scallops are supposed to be.
My sister ordered a salad with chicken and a tangy ginger dressing - fresh and light.
We were very pleased with everything.
Everything in Sedona is casual, but the attire here ranged from sundresses and shorts to classy dinner attire.
Go with what makes you comfortable.

Good food (went for lunch), but the view is awesome from the patio!

Great view, friendly staff, stiff drinks and fairly inventive menu.
We wandered in here and were pleased with our refreshing drinks and great food.

I've been patronizing the Hillside Grill since it opened years ago.
I recently returned last month for an anniversary dinner and was VERY disappointed to see that the menu prices have skyrocketed!
My favorite seared ahi tuna is now $32.50 which is ridiculous.
In defense of the restaurant, I presume most of this increase is a way to pass on Hillside rent increases which is regretable.
My wife and I will not be dining here anymore as it has gotten way too expensive.
It's good but not THAT good.

This is definitely a hidden gem of Sedona... we were recommended here by our hotel and given a 10% off coupon.
Since we hadn't had much luck with food in Sedona, we just went with it on the recommendation that the view is very nice.
And wow, did it live up to the hype.
The view is definitely second to none... the restaurant is pirched high on a hill, facing out towards the red cliffs, with absolutely spectacular views.
The nice surprise is that the food is delicious too.
Not the"change your world" kind of delicious, but still very very good (3.5 to 4.5 stars worth depending on what you get).
We had the fish taco (very good), the grilled salmon (very good) and seared tuna (excellent!!).
Their fries were crispy and thin (and depending on the dish, cajun seasoned) just the way I liked it.
What a fabulous find!
Definitely coming back here if I find myself in Sedona again!

Some of the worse service I have ever received!
The wine tasted like it was cut with water and the food was very bland.
We were sat near the kitchen and the smell coming out of the kitchen was that of seafood gone bad.
I was embarrassed that I brought my wife there.
Would not recommend.

Horrible... Other than the view, everything about this place was disappointing: service, menu, food, prices.
The menu had absolutely no creativity or originality.
All of the dishes were very basic / traditional, covered with various butter sauces, and served with the same boring sides: mashed potatoes or rice pilaf and vegetable of the day (green beans)  The quality of the food was even worse.
My wife ordered the 'ruby red' ahi tuna...
When it came out, it was completely gray throughout from oxidation and lacking any type of seasoning other than the char residue from a grill in need of cleaning.
The petite (8oz) filet was no more than a half inch thick and wasn't a very good cut of meat.
Given the quality of the food, it was ridiculously overpriced.
Most entree's were $32-$35, including the two mentioned above.
The wine list also seemed very pricey.
Most bottles were at least $10-$15 higher than at other restaurants we frequent or about 4x retail.
Do yourself a favor and check out Ken's Creekside instead.
We went there the night before Shugrue's and the difference was like night and day.
Better food, ambiance, prices, and service.
Even Outback looks like a five star restaurant compared to this place.

Food was decent but the service was just terrible.
The bartender was rude as hell, the bar was dirty and messy..
The waiter spoke to my wife as if she's his long lost buddy.
we were told to wait for a 'couple of mins'  for a table - waited for no less than 25 minutes without getting any updates or apologies!!
i'm pretty sure all of the waiters and bartenders have something going on with the hostess, they all seem way to close to one another   bahhhd.

Shugrue's was our second choice since our first choice (Elota) was closed.
I think we may have got the servers on an off day.
We waited a long time to get served and that was only after I went to ask for someone to come take our order.
It seems a casual kind of place and the few people who were there seemed to be enjoying themselves.
Our food was good: That would be a vegetarian burger served as a "steak"  and a salad.
The views are indeed spectacular from the dining room.
Looking at the gorgeous red rocks while dining is a 5 star experience.
It was a fine meal to have before heading out on a Pink Jeep Tour!
With so many other marvelous places to try in Sedona, I think it'll be a while before I eat here again.

A tour guide who has been living in Sedona for over 20 years highly recommended this restaurant to us.
So we tried it.
My husband was very excited when he heard they had the best steak and seafood.
The prices of the entrees were very high.
Almost everything was in the $30 dollar range.
My husband ordered Seabass, my son ordered Gumbo, I ordered salmon and my daughter ordered a cheeseburger.
Honestly, nothing was that great.
Just ok. Well, for the price charged, 'just ok" isn't good enough.
Even the bloody mary wasn't good.
Our bill was $122.
plus not including tip.
I would never return to this restaurant and I wouldn't recommend it to others.
Also, there isn't even a view.
For these prices, I would expect at least a view.
LOL

This place is such a contrast to Elote Cafe!
Shugrue's Hillside Grill, knows customer service!!!
First off we got acknowledged ASAP, and everyone was SUPER nice and friendly.
My mom loved the menu and was looking forward to eating duck.
She was hopeful it would match if not exceed the duck she had in New Orleans.
She throughly enjoyed her meal.
Me, being a vegetarian had one option-- the portobello mushroom entree.
It...was...delicious!!!
It was encased in a breaded dome covered in cheese.
MMMMM....
The asparagus was yummy too, and I don't typically rate veggies as they are JUST veggies, but it was a great shade of green and I'm guessing the way they steamed it made it uber yummy.
When we were done, I wanted to get a business card, but they have anymore out, the wife went to grab some more and was apologetic on not having any out.
If/when you are in Sedona THIS is the place to go.
They are a bit on the pricey side though.
Only two minor reasons why I didn't give it 5 stars, 1) they are on the high end, (but worth it!!!
) I guess I was just caught off guard.
2) I only had one option...but that's not a total negative...but having one more options would have been great.

Had the seared ahi focaccia sandwich.
One word- AMAZING!
View is spectacular, food is a bit of heaven.
Best sandwich I've ever had in  a restaurant.
Selection is wonderful.
On the breakfast lunch menu there were lots of vegetarian options.
I was thrilled with the variety of their selections.
The chef has been with the restaurant for 25 years and he knows his stuff.
Prices reasonable.
My sandwich was worth every penny of the $13.5.
Lots of food.
Grilled portobellos, eggplant, peppers and squash on my sandwich.
A delightful homemade tartar sauce was also included with fruit salad.
Excellent!!!!!
Dan our waiter was the best.
He knew his menu and provided prompt and courteous service.
I will be back.
This place is AMAZiNG.

Best Brunch Ever!
The food is as incredible as the view.
The customer service was attentive without being intrusive.
My spicy Bloody Mary tasted just as it should (OK, I prefer celery to olives but never asked them to switch).
I was not only thrilled with the broad availability of vegetarian choices for breakfast but wowed by its quality, flavor and presentation.

The views are amazing but listen to your inner voice about the bad reviews because the food left a lot to be desired.
Swordfish was overcooked, lamb was bland and the lemon cake was dry.
the waitress said they were all great choices but I don't think she remembered what was ordered since she brought us the wrong bill twice.
Bud in a bottle is $8 and the cake was $15.
You can get better views just driving or hiking, save the money - not worth the meal we got.
I was very disappointed.

I came here for lunch with my parents.
I ordered the daily special, which was the Philly cheesesteak with a side order of sweet potato fries.
It was delicious!
The bread was buttered just enough, the onions were carmelized perfectly, and the meat was so tender.
The sweet potato fries just made my meal even better.
My parents ordered the other 2 daily specials - the oyster po'boy sandwich and the grilled trout.
Both were also delicious!
The service here is superb.
The waitresses and hostess are so friendly and patient.
They really take care of you here and make you want to come back.
I highly recommend eating here.
There is an outdoor patio with an excellent view.
It's a great place for taking pictures.
The restaurant is located in an outdoor shopping plaza.
The plaza itself is filled with sculptures and fountains.
Both of my parents loved this restaurant!
If we come back to Sedona, we'll most likely come back here again.

Great location with an even better view, perfect for watching the sunset on the red rocks.
Dinner menu was a bit pricey for my taste - $28 up for most items including lots of seafood and steaks.
We did enjoy our meals - salmon rockefeller for me and pan-fried (which was actually deep fried) tilapia for him.
Lemon cake w/ berries for dessert was yummm.
We did not enjoy the placement of our table between 2 sets of doors leading to the patio.
Servers were in and out both doors bringing an enormous amount of wind each time, enough to blow items off the table.
This was not fun.
There was a very talented musician/singer in the bar making fantastic music with his sax.
This was a nice bonus.
It was mostly an "older" crowd for dinner when we were there.
Some were very dressed up while we showed up in jeans & shorts.
Nobody seemed to notice or care.
Attentive and efficient service.
I'd probably go back and try lunch on the patio or maybe happy hour.

Go for the view and experience.
Do NOT go for the food.
My husband and I went there at the recommendation of a local.
We made reservations a few days in advance for a sunset dinner on their patio.
I wish we had reservations for an earlier time, as we were only able to enjoy the views for about 30 minutes.
Inform yourself of the sunset time and make your reservations for an hour or so earlier.
It will make the experience last longer, I believe.
The service was great.
Our waiter was friendly and "appropriate" (meaning he didn't keep coming back all the time, but didn't disappear either), which I very much appreciate!
I had shrimp scampi and hubby had the rib-eye.
The food was not great, by any means...
But it was good.
Not $35/steak good, but good.
Their Cesar salad is served with the anchovies on top.
That's good cause it allows you to pick them out, but at the same time left the dressing absolutely tasteless.
Both my husband and I had the same opinion.
We got dessert and coffee, which, to me, were the highlights of the meal.
Crème Brulèe was excellent!
:-)  I would definitely go back there to enjoy the sunset views while enjoying some wine (which their selection is great, by the way) and appetizers.
Do not know it it would be worth (for the value we think we got) for dinner again.

I will most likely return to shugrue's we ate their on our honey moon weekend.
We didn't exactly get a great view even though I made reservations and specified it was our honey moon.
The food was just "good" they did throw in a free dessert because it was our honey moon which was nice.
The service was amazing.
I did think the prices were a bit high for the quality of meal we received but as the other reviewers have said come here for the experience and the view ... don't go expect an amazing meal ... you'll leave a bit disappointed.

There is perhaps no better place in Sedona to take in a good meal and a fantastic view.
The restaurant is built on a hill that affords awesome views of Sedona.
The outdoor terrace is a great place to sip wine during sunset.
I don't think they can quite decide if they are a three star or a four star place.
It's either an upscale three star or a four star minus, but either way it's an enjoyable place to go.
Probably a 3.5 star restaurant with 4 star pricing....yeah, that's about right.
You can't go wrong with calamari as an appetizer and they serve a damn good wedge salad.
Among their better entrees are the lamb and the filet.
They usually have prime rib as their special on Saturdays and it is one of the best I've had.
Not a huge cut but is is flavorful with a slightly smokey taste.
The side of au jus really isn't needed but the creamy horseradish adds the necessary extra bang.
They serve up a nice creme brulee as a desert and they also have a nice wine list with some reasonably priced pinot noirs.
The service is always friendly and the food is good, so while you probably won't want to propose here (or return here in twenty years to relive your proposal) you could do a lot worse than to treat yourself to nice meal and awesome view at Shugrue's

It is pricey but you get large.portions.
the petit filet was cooked exactly as ordered and the lamb was good.
The service was  exceptional.
We couldn't appreciate the view since it was dark already

The view is the only thing that saves this place from getting a 1-star rating.
But to be honest, you can get great views from almost any restaurant in Sedona.
First off, we had been here about 2 years ago and it was terrific back then.
Now management has changed and their menu has also changed.
A lot less seafood and no steaks at lunch.
We arrived there for a late lunch, and were seated immediately.
Big plus.
But after that we did not receive any beverage service.
Servers were walking all around us, looking directly at us, and walking away.
After about 20 minutes, we flagged down, what I assume was their manager, and she related that she was going to find out what was going on.
After about 10 minutes, she came back and told us that the server that was responsible for our table had gone on break but that she had gotten another server to take care of us.
another 10 minutes later we finally got our drink order in.
The server came back to take our orders, my wife got the Kobe Burger and her grandfather and I got the ribs and had their clam chowder.
The Kobe burger, was alright, nothing special.
And the clam chowder was OK, but a little watery.
But the Pièce de résistance were the ribs.
What is the opposite of terrific, and that is what these ribs were.
First of all they were luke warm, to cold.
They were grisly and extremely tough, almost like they had been par boiled and nothing else.
The sauce they were swimming in was almost all vinegar and tasted like vinegar ketchup.
The fries, were OK, that is the ones that missed a sour swim in the vinegar sauce that dominated the plate.
So I choked down what I could and excused myself to enjoy the view off their balcony.
After that, we paid, got into the car and went to Casa/Plaza Bonita for some food.

We got there right before the doors opened at 11:30 am for lunch and there was already a line.
We got seated right away and the placed filled up quick.
We got seated in the Chowder Room right next to a window so we got a beautiful view of Western Sedona.
The food came fast and the drinks were strong.
The food was really good.
I got this scallop wrap that was very refreshing and delicious.
You have to try this place it is GREAT.

Missed the awesome sunset views but enjoyed our meal and the atmosphere of the restaurant.
The food was delicious!
I was especially pleased with the option to order half the shrimp from the scampi dish and  add it to my entree for $10.
The bread pudding was awesome!
The owner/chef came out and introduced himself giving us the opportunity to compliment him on is restaurant and the quality of the food.
The service was excellent and we will definitely go back again at our first opportunity.

Come for the view and stay for the food.
My wife and I ate at Shugrue's this weekend for lunch and were very pleased with the food.
The service was not great ...
But I am relatively certain that it was just our server.
The other wait staff seemed to much more interested and conscientious.
We split a number of things that were all very good.
The spinach salad (with beets and feta) was excellent, the prime rib sliders were terrific and the horseradish mayo was a great addition, my favorite was the turkey delight sandwich, and enjoyed a nice, light lemon cake for dessert.
I can't speak to the wine list, it that is reputed to be a strong point as well.

Food was excellent, however, our waiter, a 30-year-vet named Zlatko, was subtly rude and disrespectful in a passive-aggressive manner.
We are 30-something year-olds with sufficient income to patronize this fine establishment, however, we showed up in a casual wardrobe, as we were on vacation.
We can only imagine that is why he asked us if we came by the place by "getting lost.
" We let the subtle dig go and were ready to give him a good tip after providing good service otherwise, when after asking for separate checks (for two couples), we were told by Zlatko, "it would have been nice if you told me that in the beginning.
" (Note: this is after we spent over $200 on our meal).
When we commented on this lack of due respect to the manager, we were told that he has never received complaints like this about this waiter and that he is sure there was "some misunderstanding.
" No misunderstanding here.
We were ready to let the first subtle comment go, and to give him an excellent tip, save for being spoken to like children at the very end.
We gave the customary 15% tip rather than what we were prepared to give.
In short, the waiter was defensive about the whole situation and non-apologetic, and the manager was completely dismissive.

Comfortable and flavorful, and I hear there's a nice view when it's not so cloudy...that actually might have bumped the rating up a star.

Fantastic views.
Food was decent, definitely worth the money.
The waiter we had on Sunday was having a bad day, he should have gone home.
Yet we could tell from the warm greetings exchanged by other wait servers to their customers that generally this is a favorite haunt with the locals.

The view was spectacular.
The food was good.
We had a seat on the patio with the great view of the rock formations.
We got lucky and also manage to catch the solar eclipse.
I would definitely recommend it for the view.

We had four couples, out for dinner during our Memorial-day weekend stay in Sedona.
The food was superb, and perfectly done, in a price range comparable to fine restaurants in Phoenix.
Our server was personable and funny, joking with us during the meal, and assisted by several other staff.
The owner several times visited during the meal, ensuring we were well-cared for, and suggested an aperitif that everyone really loved.
Shugrue's was perhaps the best dining experience we've had in several years, and we frequent some of the best restaurants in Scottsdale, Phoenix and Las Vegas.
Highly recommended!

Wow, I don't know where everyone else ate, but this had to be the worst experience ever.
Food and service was so horrible I didn't even notice the view.
First off we requested a seat outside, which was taken care of quickly.
Our drink orders were taken and then the server came to inform us the bartender was backed up, mind you we only ordered two beers and two glasses of wine and they weren't that busy.
Then we noticed several other people getting seated around us and getting their drinks.
Our waitress was nowhere to be seen.
Weather got a little cooler and we weren't feeling the love outside, so we requested to be moved indoors, not a big problem, but nobody informed our waitress.
We finally got our drinks, asked for bread, actually asked three times and on the fourth request received but at this time we were almost done eating.
The food served was definitely not worth the prices they were charging, maybe they were including the scenary in the price, but it was horrible, I ordered fish, it was dry, no flavor at all, tasted a little freezer burnt.
My husband ordered a rib eye, which when it arrived, was something else and not cooked per his request.
They give you an ice cream scoop size of mashed potatoes and three stalks of asparagaus with your entree that they are charging 34.00 a plate.
We had to ask several different people for water, bill, etc.
Terrible experience, old decor, smelly inside, chairs uncomfortable, bathrooom was gross.
What can I say it was all BAD!!!!!!
Highly recommend anywhere but Shugrue's.
If you want the view, get some take out and eat in the parking lot!!!

Best (and last) meal of our trip.
I loved everything about this place.
From the view, to the food, and wine.
Even our kind-of-slow-probably-first-night-on-the-job waiter couldn't ruin this amazing experience.
He was definitely trying, just really busy and a bit overwhelmed.
Such an amazing view, you have to sit outside if you eat here!

If you want retirement center atmosphere and cuisine look no further!
Every menu item has some weird twist to it (ex.
tuna fish panini... On cranberry bread) which really made it difficult to order as their menu was already very limited.
I even had to special order my caeser salad to NOT have anchovies on it.
The art/furniture all look as though it was collected from someone's attic or garage sale, but for what it's worth the service was fine.

The Food was Very good.Steak with gargonzola cream sauce!Look out!The place was a bit pricey and i dont mind paying as long as i get what im paying for.I did.From service to presentation everything was excellent!

Terrible manager with terrible service and client interaction!

We went for dinner on a Sunday after arriving to Sedona and thought the restaurant may have nice views.
It was basically empty and we were seated on the patio where we could enjoy the fantastic views.
The food was good but the menu is pricey and the service was terribly slow in every stage - taking our order, delivering our meals, filling our waters, and presenting the check.
The staff was nice but just not generally attentative.
Next time we are in town, we'll try out some of the other restaurants and pass on this one.

Great views and okay food.
The views of the red rocks from the terrace are exquisite.
Service was abysmal and we I had to hunt down  our server to get our entrees and second round of drinks to the table.
Not sure if he was the problem, or it was the kitchen.
A manager proffered dessert to try and make up for the experience, which was appreciated.
Food was nothing special.
I don't see where some of the good reviews come from.
Great views, though.

A wonderful choice to eat here, wonderful seafood and steak but the mushroom Gorgonzola appetizer was to die for!!!

Great lunch.
We arrived with a small group, we were seated immediately.
Fantastic wait staff, the Souz Chef came out to offer his recommendation for dessert, and he was spot-on!
Yum, chocolate flour-less cake and warm bread pudding.
Easy to park.

Food was absolutely delicious,  but pricey.
We were dressed in comfortable clothing (jeans/shorts/sweatshirts) and clearly did not fit in; this is a dressy crowd.
We were also the youngest people there... it was mostly older adults 65+.
Great views and good service.

walked in the door @ 8:45 and was promptly told they were closed although there were people in the dining room.
We went down to mooney's and ordered food there.
surprisingly enough, the food came from Shugrues.
hmmm...

Great view is what I first say.
Great food is what I say next.
A nice romantic spot for those couples enjoying a little time together, but also the food is really good.
They have got a very creative chef at work there that brings a touch of elegance to such a earthy town.

I went there on a friday morning with my girlfriend for lunch.
We both got the pork ribs.
they were great, service was really good and  portions were great.
Not too big, not too small.
I would love to try their dinner next time I'm around.

We went here again after discovering this great restaurant last time we visited Sedona.
Not only does it have a great sunset view of the beautiful  Thunder mountain but it has fabulous food.
The wait staff is very friendly & professional too.
Both the rack of lamb that I had and the scallops that my husband had were delicious.
The portions are generous and the meals come with soup or salad, hot bread, vegetable and rice or potato.
It's a must try when visiting Sedona.

Business lunch with a party of 10.
Each of us ordered something different, and everyone either loved or liked their entree (all were $11-15 range).
I was the least impressed with a too-tough corned beef Reuben and unevenly cooked fries.
But I just ate the ones that were cooked well and took off some of the toughest meat and was just fine with that!
But we need to talk desserts....several raves on the creme brulee, several more for the lemon cake, and everyone who had the ginger ice creme sandwich or the brownie thing were fans.
The service was attentive and the views were amazing.

This restaurant is fabulous!
My mother made reservations for my Grandma's 75th birthday, at 8:30 not realizing they close at 9.
And of course we were a little late.
As soon as I found out they closed at 9, I apologized for coming in so late.
I also work in the restaurant industry and own my own business so I know not being on time and coming in 30 min before a restaurant closes is a no-no.
The server was very patient, nice and knowledgeable.
He went out of his way at opportunity he could to make the dinner special.
Took pictures for us, answered all our questions and repeated the specials about 5 times because not everyone could pay attention at once.
The manger made sure everything was great and extremely nice.
Overall all A++!
Not only was the service superior, the atmosphere was too.
But let me end by saying that if everything by chance did go awful it wouldn't have even mattered cuz the FOOD would have made up for it all!!
The food is beyond amazing!
I had the scallop dish, so delicious and full of flavor!
I'm from Chicago and spoiled with great food all around but I would take another trip back to Sedona just for another meal here.

Went there last night for dinner.
I have lived in Sedona for years and heard good things about the place, but had not tried it yet.
I am glad I did.
Who knew that somewhere in the high desert of Arizona you could find amazingly fresh Clam Chowder?!!!?
It rocked!
Also, it was the first time I have eaten duck in the Grand Canyon state.
It was tender and juicy on the inside with a nice crispy coating.
That food was like medicine.
I will definitely be going back again :-)

We tried regular dinner, 5 course tasting menu with wine as well as happy hour, and every time it's been an enjoyable experience.
The last time my sweetheart and I were there in December (we live in Phoenix) we stopped just for happy hour.
The house made chips with blue cheese and hot sauce are amazing.
The chef and owner Michael Mullins was taking a break - or simply enjoying a glass of wine at the end of the day.
He overheard use talking to the waiter about the beers on tap available, and came by to offer a generous tasting of a beer we otherwise would not have tried.
He was very personable and definitely left a lasting positive impression.
We have a 5 person reservation for dinner this weekend - we decided it's time to show some of our family what a great place this is, plus we have two birthdays to celebrate in the party.
Looking forward to it!
Oh, try to get there around sunset... the views are amazing!

Been here 3 times to bring friends and family when they visit and every time without fail they love it!!!!
Highly recommend!

They have two entrees marked as vegan and even label the side dishes that are vegan.
My dish was the blackened tofu surrounding a curry lentil mix.
It was probably one of the my favorite meals I've ever had...ever.
Combine a fantastic Sedona view and friendly service with a fantastic meal and you have the perfect stop on a drive through Sedona.
Did i mention they even had a vegan dessert?
i was seriously tempted to ask if they actually knew what vegan meant, but since they already labeled the menu, i assume they knew.
If i were wearing a hat, i'd tip it to the master wizard vegan-meal making chef.
We went on a Monday for lunch and felt pretty fortunate it was just the two of us and we were able to land a table in the sun on the deck.
Did i mention how good my food was?
*Be warned that Apple maps is a little off in it's directions, it's close, but just a little further up the road.

Came here for dinner tonight.
The weather was so nice, we sat out on the patio.
We ordered the Gorgonzola Mushrooms for appetizers and shared the Sea Bass that was one of their specials.
They were both Wonderful!!
The staff was really nice also!
Highly recommend it!

This was our favorite spot in Sedona.
Exceptional views and great food.
Probably more of a $$$$ place, but definitely well worth it.

After reading Yelp reviews decided to make this our first night in Sedona dinner spot- what a mistake.
The place has wrong driving directions and while you are lost and call in they not only tell you the internet directions are wrong (one would think they would change it) but also give you wrong directions again.
Regardless- when we arrived the place was half empty on Thursday night- should have been a sign.
Since it was dark we did not see any views and from what I am reading on here combined with my dining experience there this is the ONLY plus this restaurant has to offer.
From the time we sat down the service was slow, after our appetizer we must have waited an hour for our meals and kept asking for refills on drinks and water.
Again- this is with only few tables occupied.
The quality of food was average at best and the décor makes you feel like you are stuck in the 80s- greenhouse glass with Chinese restaurant like chair/table supplies.
The wine list was very poor especially if you like red wine.
Given the fact that average dinner we ordered ran $30-40 this was a huge disappointment.
I don't mind spending money on quality dining experience but this restaurant did not live up to either.

This was an interesting experience.
We met several people leaving the restaurant who recommended the Corned Beef & Cabbage meal.
They said it was very good.
The server ( who was rather rude) came to the table to tell us about the specials and never mentioned it.
When we asked about the Corned Beef and Cabbage, she said yes we do have it.
As soon as she told us about the Corned Beef & Cabbage, the Hostess came over to our table and told the server not to sell the Corned Beef & Cabbage.
They didn't seem to be out of it, just didn't want to sell it.
As the evening went on, I listened to the other servers, and nothing was mentioned about the Corned Beef and Cabbage.
The other meals on the special were also much more expensive.
Also, the Corn Beef and Cabbage was very good but served with no bread.
After the server  heard us talking about putting a review on Yelp, she had an amazing change of attitude.

Shugrues delivers a consistently good product, with breath taking views.
The food is well prepared, and overall lives up to the high prices.
Certain items on the plate were sub-par, but we found most of the items superb, and the chiefs flavor combinations daring.
Although I am from California I have eaten at Shugrues three times, and have always received excellent service.
Once, however, I received what I would describe as awesome service.
Candy was a wonderful waitress and made our dinning experience a tremendous amount of fun.
I was disappointed when I returned a couple nights later, with friends who had never been there, that we could not have both the window seat we reserved and Candy as a waitress (it wasn't her section).
I think a table trade should have been arranged, but I guess the other waiter wasn't willing to swap.
We still received excellent service however.
Ps.
Check out the Blow Fish in the tank, what a charmer!

The menu is excellent.
There is a lot of variety.
Everyone in out party enjoyed their meals: almond crusted fish, brie burger, cajun shrimp penne, and prime rib.
We also ordered an appetizer (white truffle parmesan fries, yum!
) and dessert (peanut butter cream pie).
The food was as amazing as the views (which are just spectacular).

AMAZING!
It seems I usually have to sacrifice food for views, but at Shugrues we happily found both!
The view of the red rocks, particularly at sunset, is stunning.
I suggest sitting on the deck but the huge windows also give a great view!
My petite filet was the most tender I have ever eaten with great flavor.
Our appetizer special of blackened shrimp, saganaki-style flamed cheese and fruit was delicious.
We did not have room for dessert, sadly.
We liked it so much we went back for dinner two nights later.
Hubby had the special blackened prime rib and I had a sirloin.
I think my filet was better the first night, but then, it was a  filet!

Excellent Food!!!
Great views from the outdoor terrace and interior has many tables close enough to get great views, only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was lack of staff, but our waiter was very good!
Definitely want to try this place :)

I chose this restaurant mainly due to its view.
I made a reservation a few days in advanced for a Tuesday night for dinner.
The view was gorgeous.
My first impression is the decor is decent but could use refurbishing.
I was a little insulted that my last name was not spelled correctly and there was no notes on my reservation for a table outside.
If this was a dinner on the weekend, I would most probably not get a table outside.
I had the blackened swordfish and my fiancee had the salmon in puff pastry.
Started with their clam chowder which was good whereas my fiancee had their salad.
I do not know what dressing she ordered but it was delicious with some Asian influences.
The swordfish was good except it was a tad under-salted.
It was topped with fried calamari which was very well seasoned.
I would certainly go back there just for that alone.
The side vegetables were decent.
However, the rice pilaf that was served on my plate was a little undercooked but my fiancee's was not.
Her salmon puff in pastry which I think has English influences was good.
The roasted red pepper "hollandaise" sauce paired well with the salmon but it is not a hollandaise sauce.
The pastry was not flaky and light as a it should be.
For dessert, we ordered creme brulee which was served in a tacky pink heart shaped ramekin.
The caramelized sugar at the top was in consistent with most of it burnt.
The custard was good.
The dessert spread was weak and did not pop out to me when it was shown to us on the tray.
Our server was fine, not as cheerful as the other two and seemed quite nervous at times.
He may be new.
I gave it A-OK for its view, otherwise it would have gotten a 2 star.
The food was inconsistent and incorrect to what was described in it's menu.
For the price you pay, you are mostly paying for the view.
You would not get the full quality food one would expect for that price.

The waitress was on her cellphone 5 feet away from us for five mins, when we came into the restaurant she was eating right at the hostess stand, and to top it all off my boyfriend ate bad fish and he is now currently sick in bed on our vacation- ruined the trip for us.
Burger was average.
Fries were pretty good.
Please don't go here.

I had a nice early dinner with my family while we were on our vacation (7/11).
The staff was very nice and the owner came out to talk to me and my family.
Definitely had a small family atmosphere but it was early.
The view was great and our server gave her individual attention to everyone of my kids.
Definitely a place to come back to and a staple on all of my future trips to Sedona.

Terrible service, the worst I've ever had in town.
Don't come here, plenty of good places for food around town.
The old lady at the front door was so rude.

My family has been going to this restaurant for years to celebrate a birthday around than Thanksgiving time.
This is the first year that I have gone with them and how fantastic the food was.
The service was fantastic, the steak that I got was amazing, for a steak cooked to medium well, it was obvious that it was cooked right.
I enjoyed my time here at this restaurant.
Keep up the good work.. if you are in the area, go to this restaurant!

Beautiful location.
Very slow food service.
Food was nothing to write home about.
The most troubling part was the billing.
Two people in our group paid using the same company's credit card.
When I checked my credit card account on line the following day, I was charged for 2 meals which actually should have been charged to another person.
Corresponding with the other card holder, I found out he was not charged for any meals.
In addition, I was charged for an item I never ordered or received.

Don't go here!
FOOD POISONING!!!
The food was average at best (fish was kinda dry), service was slow, they had a mix up with my reservation, and the staff was rude.
Worst of all, my poor father got TERRIBLE FOOD POISONING!
Beware!
Don't waste your time and money.
Definitely don't risk your health!

We came expecting brunch, brunch here is just selected items during the mid day.
Over all hoping for the best.

We came here for my birthday.
Had the calamari appetizer.
A couple pieces of the calamari were rank.
But the other were fine.
The view helped.
Other than a waiter who laughed like Beavis all night, it was a pleasant evening.
Because it was my birthday, they brought me a special brownie sundae.
Our waiter was awesome.
Y'all come!

