Disclaimer: my husband and his family are all Italian, I have eaten pizza made from a price winning Italian cook.
I make my own pizza, from scratch, as well.
This review is not comparing Domino's Pizza to our pizza.
This review is comparing a chain restaurant, a franchise to what I have eaten out there.
Their pizzas have come a very long way!
We ordered the hand tossed Pacific veggie pizza, and two other customized pizzas, they were very good.
We did not get sick from their cheese after eating it.
The price is right.
The service has improved since 12 mo.
ago.
Their wings are nothing special and pricey.
Forget their desserts.
So this place is good for a quick take-out pizza.
We did ask that our pizzas be cooked well, it makes a difference.

The pizza was flat, almost no sauce, doe was hard and just not good.
Even the kids (that like any pizza), did not like it and only took a few bites.
Maybe it's just this location, since I have ordered in Miami with satisfaction.
I will just stick to Pizza Hut when in town and recommend the same.

The pan pizza is delicious!, good service never too busy and there's plenty of parking space.

Okay...
I ordered through you guys tonight for the Tracker status because it's amazeballs.
I'd say about 80% of the reason I ordered Domino's instead of Papa Johns was for the Tracker AND IT DIDN"T WORK!
Also the dang slider/shopping cart/checkout thing kept moving when I scrolled up but moved too much, I couldn't see what I wanted, ugh  Also the wings I ordered are pathetic looking, never again, smallest wings I've ever seen... hopefully they taste better than they look.
Pizza looks about the norm which is good, thank you for that.

We used to get pies here because they are close and convenient.
They tend to skimp on toppings here though especially the veggies.
I get mixed results every time.
We usually get the specials and they are so so on toppings amount.
Then I ordered a thin crust 2 topping with pepperoni and sliced sausage a few days ago and it was loaded and baked perfectly... Homerun!
Best dominos pizza i have had in a long while.
Then try again the next night with onions and mushrooms and they totally skimped on toppings.
No consistency here.
I would like to see consistent management and a little love put into the pies here and maybe they can win my business back.
I'm over it for a while though Dominos.
To many strike outs.
Would like to see them step it up because this area is loaded with pizza joints and you have Metro Pizza across the street.

Cheap and better than expected.
Location did right by us after our error in ordering a nasty tomato paste no cheese pizza.

I Love Love Love their Pizza!
Friendly Service and I have Pizza from there at least 3 times a month!
The online ordering and specials make it easy!
Everything was fresh and made to perfection and the price is always right..
I'll be back!

The Dominos tracker said my pizza left the store at 2:10 p.m.
I live about 4 minutes away and it took the driver 29 minutes to get here he obviously made other stops and my pizza was cold by the time it arrived

