I normally give everyone the benefit of the doubt, since we all have bad days.
I was politely asked if I needed help upon walking into the store, which I responded no.
As I was browsing around looking at wedding dresses and thin red headed woman who worked there stepped in front of my and grabbed the dress out of my hand that I was looking at to show two other girls.
RUDE!
Ill never go back there again!

Please do not go to this david's bridal!
They treated me horribly and refused to alter a david's bridal gown I purchased online.
They are the antithesis of customer service.
Save the tears!

I went here for my friend who is getting married and needed to do a dress fitting... We got there 15 mins earlier then the appt and  still took over 20 more minutes to be in the fitting room with her dress...
This place was sooooo crowded and one of the sales associates was so rude and and would not help her customer and she just looked like she hated her job...
I think they need to either get more help on saturdays for fittings and actually keep apointments, other then that our sales lady was great very knowlegeable

Went here today to pick up my bridesmaid dress.
Lost a few lbs so had to get it altered.
Ella got me in right away which usually an appointment would have needed to be made.
Ella was super friendly and I am confident that the dress will fit to the "T".
Other staff were also very helpful and nice.
I was greeted right away once I entered the store and for a Saturday (very busy with a lot of people) I was happy.

This store is a disaster.
They never have the right sizes of anything!!!
And will talk you into buying shoes or undergarments or whatever even if they don't fit right.
Ladies plan ahead.
They don't keep their store stocked.
It will take 6-8 weeks to have anything delivered if you need it in a different size.

STAY AWAY!
employees are not welcoming, very rude and not very helpful.
I was going to boycott davids bridal after my visit at this store but decided to try a different location, Even though i live near this location i have been doing all the dress shopping for my bridal party at the 215/rainbow location, and the staff there is wonderful!

The customer service at this store is wow!
I can't even tell you how horrible it was.
This was the first place i went to look for my wedding dress.
The lady that helped us was beyond rude!
She made all of us feel like we were an inconvenience to her.
She left me in dresses for 10-20 minutes as she  walked away to help other people several times.
There were 3 other girls working there at the time, but none of them doing anything.
They stood behind the counter while she ran around the store helping more then one person.
I was furious.
I I didn't even try on all of the dresses i picked.
i got dressed, and left.
We went to Alfred Angelo and bought my dress that day.
Customer service there was amazing.
So i suggest you go there!

If I could give this company 0 stars I would.
But I'm about to have my "Pretty Woman" moment....  On Dec. 23, 2011, my hubby & I went into a Davids Bridal in Henderson, NV, because we are renewing our vows.
I was greeted at the door by a young lady that was sitting behind a table.
After I advised her that we were renewing our vows, and I wanted to look at dresses she advised me that I was welcome to browse around but I wouldn't be allowed to try anything on.
I was shocked.
I asked the girl why and she stated that it was because they were under staffed and completely booked.
What?!
It's two days before Christmas.
How can any retail outfit be understaffed?
But I decided that it wasn't the poor girls fault that her management team was inapt.
I still wanted to look around because I hadn't decided what type of dress to get yet and didn't have much more time to decide.
As I was walking away from the girl at the table, I said to my husband "What a way to loose a sale".
A different sales associate was walking by and in the middle of her being so overwhelmingly busy, decided to stop mid stride, turn around, and sharply snap at me that I couldn't try anything on because they were so busy with all of the people coming in from out of town to get married!".
Did I Mention the store was completely empty?
I quickly replied in the same respect that I don't believe I was talking to her, I was talking to my husband.
It was at that point that we decided to leave and not return.
For all either of those to ladies knew, I could have been in there to drop 10k on a Vera Wang.
Although I wasn't, I also wasn't in the store for one of their famous $99 bridal gown sales.
I found my perfect dress on line by a designer named Justin Alexander.
It's number 8465.
After doing a hunt for a store in town, I found that Bowties Tuxedo & Bridal Boutique is the only store in town who carries his gowns.
I made an appointment, and I saw the dress as soon as I walked in.
It was love at first sight.
They didn't have the dress in my size, and I had to wait until Monday (it was Saturday) to see if the designers warehouse had my size.
To make a long story short, the owner of the shop pulled her magic strings and had the dress drop ship straight from the manufacture to ensure that I would have the dress on time.
After shipping the dress came to $1395.46.
Thank you Bowties, your store and staff were wonderful!!!
This is my pretty women moment.
I will be writing a letter to corporate and sending a copy to the management team at that particular store.
They work on commission from what I know... big mistake on their part.
Huge!
I'm certain to obtain nothing from it other than letting the store know that being rude to customers after turning them away only ensures the lose of the sale.
It is going to take them selling a minimum of 11 $99 dresses to compensate for losing my sale.

I got my wedding dress here.
This was a last minute addition to my bridal shopping list.
Originally I was not going to go to David's.
I was really put off by their "$99" dress deals.
I thought the store might be a free for all with brides yanking dresses off of hangers and people just meandering around the place, but I was wrong.
My mother mentioned David's quite a few times when discussing dress shopping.
So, it was for her mostly, that I made the appointment.
I've seen others on here complain about coming here without one and being pissed when the staff said they could not accommodate them, or they were told they could browse and were snubbed by the staff... Well I just have to come at this with a different view as a bride who DID make an appointment:  I'm glad the staff snubs those who do not make an appointment.
Why?
A few reasons...  1.
When you are a to-be-bride and you make an appointment you expect to be treated like royalty.
I'm sorry, it's just the way it is.
Here you are getting ready to spend hundreds, maybe thousands of dollars on a dress you are going to wear once.
Plus you have probably brought friends and family with you, to look at you and oo and aa and smile and clap when you have selected "the one".
As a bride-to-be I would have been pissed if there had just been random people here with no appointment taking away from MY TIME and MY DRESS SELECTION.
The staff is paid on commission, obviously.
They sell a dress, they make money.
So WHY would they even want to deal with someone who is not there to buy a dress?
Maybe if the store is devoid of anyone with an appointment, then yes, the staff should be helping those who have come without an appointment and who just want to have the fun of looking at wedding dress.
Don't come to a freaking wedding dress store unless you are actually getting married, or you're going to prom, or whatever.
If you're there just to browse - don't bother!
Wedding dresses are put into plastic bags these days, the stores will not let you handle them or take them out.
It preserves the integrity of the dresses.
David's Bridal is not Ross.
Wedding dresses are not meant to be played with.
As for MY appointment.
First of my consultant was very sweet and nice.
She was very helpful and although I sensed she was getting a bit frustrated toward the end of my appointment, I think she held herself together very well.
However, when I came for my appointment she was still busy with a bride she was already working with.
She had to split time between myself and this other girl for the first 20 minutes of my appointment.
Also, my mother and bridesmaids were standing for the first portion of my appointment because the arrival of chairs for them took WAY too long.
I'm not giving more than 3 stars mostly because of the first 20 minutes of my appointment, plus the store is a bit run down.
I think they could certainly use bigger dressing rooms as well.
They are way too small for two people, especially one person wearing a wedding dress.
Overall it's okay.
I never expected to get my dress here, but I did and it's gorgeous!
Honestly, had we gone to the other bridal store first, I probably would have fallen in love with a dress there, and not come to David's.
I think that's kind of the way it works.
Unless a person is incredibly picky.
So overall David's is okay.
I just hope things go well with picking up my dress, getting the bridesmaids dresses, and returning for alterations in July.

There is something very unsettling to me about David's Bridal.
In essence, it's a farm for formal/bridal wear.
Something about all of those dresses being herded together in one place and being pimped out by sales associates who refer to themselves as "bridal consultants"....as hard as they tried, their interactions felt forced and impersonal.
While I find the store itself to border on detestable, the perks of getting your bridesmaids dresses here are: fairly reasonable prices, variety of colors and variety of styles.
The color variety gives the bride the option of staying within her color wheel, or may be helpful in choosing one if she hasn't already.
You can also purchase swatches for a dollar which you can use to give to the cake decorator, wedding planner, venue, etc.
so they can have them on hand to maintain consistency in planning.
Dress style variety is helpful as well if the bride is down to let each bridesmaid pick her own dress style that best suits her body type.
Our bridal party definitely liked that option.
Pricing is relatively easy on the wallet but because of the mass factory production, I will wait to make a judgment on quality.
Like I said, customer service is just.....off.
Also, when I returned to order my bridesmaid dress the "consultant" who had "assisted" us on our previous visit didn't put the style number of the dress I planned on ordering into the system.
Our original consultant was the one who helped me when I returned to order and when I told her I was there to order she asked me what style I was getting.
Um.
What?
Why should I know that?
Isn't it in the system?
Maybe it was a miscommunication error, but if I spend an hour trying on dresses and decide I'm going to order one, wouldn't it make sense to put it in the system instead of relying on me to remember what I ordered?
That's not my job.
Also, we let them know on the day that we tried the dresses on that we weren't ordering the dresses that day and would be back to order.
Again, why wouldn't you enter the style number into the system?
So what's the purpose of putting all of our info under the bride's account if you're not going to do anything with it?
Good thing I went in to order instead of calling (as the consultant suggested) or else who knows what would've happen.
I don't even know if I ordered the dress I tried on because the one I thought I had picked was DISCONTINUED.
Again, problem could have been avoided if the style number had been saved.
Again, why wouldn't you save it?!
I'll be glad when the dress arrives so my dealings with them can come to an end.

An update thus far into my wedding gown and bridesmaids gown experience with David's Bridal.
Basically this is a downgrade update.
To begin with I did not mind DB's at first and went here as an "option" when I picked out my wedding dress.
I just so happened to find my dress here.
Therefore my bridesmaids are taking advantage of getting 20% off their dresses and we are coordinating the bridesmaids dresses here.
After my first appointment, however, everything has gone downhill - fast.
I am not going to write out a tangent of 14 paragraphs (which I could), but instead bullet point the continued problems:  1.
E-mails to me about arrivals of things such as slips, bras, etc.
I am emailed when they arrive, then I call to make the appointment to pick them up and then I am called not once, but twice by the inept sales people here asking me when I am going to pick up.
Annoying, inconvenient to me, and ridiculous.
Seeing my personal "consultant" ONCE during the whole time I have picked out my dress, until now.
If you're going to give me a personal consultant why aren't my appointments made to be sure she is there?
Bridesmaids dresses have been a nightmare.
The styles of the dresses my bridesmaids ordered were NOT put into their system.
Therefore when my bridesmaids went back in to actually ORDER the dresses, they had no idea which ones they needed/wanted!
Also, one bridesmaid ordered a dress, and it was wrinkly as F&^% when she got it.
I get it, sometimes things get wrinkly, but really?
All of my interactions with the people here (minus my "consultant" the FIRST time I went) have been forced and impersonal.
When I went in to pick up my dress the lady who was helping me seemed incredibly irritated I had forgotten to bring my own slip and bra.
Um, sorry lady but I have a lot of shit going on.
See the ring on my finger?
I'm a BRIDE and I have BRIDE SHIT TO DO.
Not to go all "bridezilla" but giving me grief over such a mundane issue should not happen.
Overall I gotta say DB's is not so good and I would probably recommended going somewhere else for your bridal needs.
But now I'm stuck with them and I can't wait to be done with them.

If you love me you will never ever make me a bridesmaid.
Okay, so one of my best friends is getting married and here I am at this fucking store doing the second worst thing which is painfully watch her try on gown after gown.
First worst thing for the record is actually making me a bridesmaid and making me wear a hideous gown.
Not my cup of tea or coffee.
Here we go.
Though she is not having bridesmaids she wanted us to all join in the fun and be there while she tries on dresses.
We were suppose to pregame in the parking lot before hand.
I don't know why that idea went out the window.
The five of us and egg headed, crying baby are greeted by an older lady with an older lady helmet hairdo and a big smile.
This is the Dress Consultant.
The Bride To Be tells us to start helping her choose dresses for the dress consultant lady to gather up.
Game on.
I swear I picked out five really ugly ones that look like someone on Little House On the Prairie would wear and some Liberace inspired.
I did this not thinking of how long it would take her to try them all on along with the several others selected from the group.
Ughhhh.
We sit down by the mirrors and quickly start texting, sexting, FBing, Instagramming.
Anything, but communicating with each other.
Bride To Be comes out in the first dress: "Oh, you look so SKINNY.
You look like a princess.
It makes your butt look perfect.
" She smiles we take pictures she looks in the mirror for ten more minutes and back into the dressing room for dress #2.
BTB comes out in dress #2- Fuck, I already said all of the nice things I know to say to make a girl in a dress feel good about herself!
I say them again just in a different order and tone.....UGH.
At this point I really wish I hadn't picked out so many dresses for her to try on.
Back to the dressing room she goes and so on and so on....
I am bored out of my mind and hating every second I am in this place.
Then I hear a bell.
It turns out every time a bride picks a dress they ring a damn bell.
Like a car dealership!
Being in sales I then try to tell each other girl in the store and her family what dress she should get and why.
I even whisper words over and over again as they walk by like LACE DRESS LACE DRESS or DON'T GET IT, IT'S NOT THE ONE.
Hoping it will sink into their heads and I can ring the bell.
Well, 2.5 hours later I sadly never got to ring the bell, but I did get to piss off tons of people and be there for my dear friend.
P.S.
The restroom deserves a mention.
It was disgustingly dirty and smelled of urine.
Low and behold there was a disposable catheter in plain sight staring at me atop an overflowing trash can.
They definitely need to remodel and clean the damn restroom.
Ladies are trying on dresses valued anywhere from $99 to $3500.
David if you are gonna have a bridal shop use some of that revenue to hire a cleaning lady.
It's really gross!
P.S.
Deuce I hope my friend never reads this.....

Go to Celebrations!
You will find dresses that will take your breath away.
This was a terrible experience for myself trying to purchase a wedding dress and my bridesmaids.
First off, I went in for my first ever wedding dress fitting.
I had been obsessing over wedding dresses for two years and had picked these perfect dresses for so long.
I walked into the store and they asked me why my wedding was in a week...
I told them that they had the wrong person...
Which then set me back bc they had to pull up all of my information and I had to wait almost 30 minutes for them to have the dresses for me.
They had pulled all the wrong dresses from some other persons wedding.
They also, to this day think my wedding is on a different day even though I have changed it on the website and have called all three stores my girls are getting dresses from to let them know MY WEDDING IS AUGUST 5TH!
When I started trying on the dresses, I wasn't amazed.
I didn't have that wow factor.
I tried one that I somewhat liked, and the lady jumped on me trying to get me to buy it.
I had already set it in my mind that I was going to wait...
When I told her I would need to think about it she said, "would you have told your fiancee when he proposed....
I need to think about it?
" I almost walked out I was so shocked.
A friend of mine the next day told me about Celebrations and I had so many dresses to choose from, it was like a dream!
Then I took my bridesmaids for dresses...
The dresses are limited and mediocre.
They didn't have a single dress in the color "pink" that I wanted.
Pink?
Really?
A basic color and they don't have it.
Well they all picked their dresses and we made sure that they were all in the 42 color palette where the pink was.
The person helping us told us that all the dresses we had picked were in that color palette.. She also let us know that the dresses will still be available until May.
Mind you we were there in February.
A week later we go to purchase the dresses and one of the dresses is no longer available as it has been outdated and one is not even part of the color palette!
I almost flipped!
You're telling me we spend three hours in your store, we're told all these lies to get us to buy only to be turned down and told that?
I would never recommend ANY David's Bridal to anyone as I have noticed it is the same type of trend in every store.
The one in Arroyo Crossings has 0 customer service and the one in Reno thinks it's okay to prolong the dress coming in even though my wedding is in a month.
Also, The date of my wedding still hasn't been changed in their system.
I tried to make this wedding stress free and just enjoyable and David's Bridal does nothing to relax the brides at all.
They just put more stress on us and I hope that no bride has to go through what I went through.

My wife ordered an outfit and it needed alterations.
Dress arrived earlier than the alteration schedule and she picked up the dress and went back about 2 weeks later for alterations.
She went last night to pick up said dress and had numerious bad experiences.
the good news is after complaining to their customer service at their headquaters everything was resolved within 1 day.
If I did not take the additional stpes to complain this review would end up as horrible but alas their regional rep was understanding and showed concern.

We had an appointment here and at Alfred Angelo to look at bridesmaids dresses and wedding dresses.
After leaving Alfred Angelo due to a lack of customer service we were happy to have 2 ladies working with us at David's Bridal.
One of them was who we were scheduled with and the other one was the lady one of my bridesmaids had just bought her wedding dress from.
After trying on several dresses they decided on their dresses and I found my wedding dress.
We are going back in September to order everything.
I will update my review once that is done along with the alterations.

The sales force there is very friendly but I was annoyed when they obviously couldnt find my dress by my name in the computer nor my daughters "event" information - not once but twice when it was due in the store.
Then finding out it was due in later than expected and there would be an automatic "rush fee" I just decided to pick up the dress and take it to my seamstress near my home instead of going back and forth from my home to the shop again.

I had a horrible experience at this location.
I made an appointment, when we arrived I was told a consultant would be with me shortly.
My consultant walked up to where I was waiting numerous times with a bad attitude, 30 mins into waiting she walked up again and my mother asked her if she was going to help us (we were told the name of our consultant and saw her name tag).
She asked us to wait a minute and directly in front of us turned to her co-worker and started talking about how she needed a break and complaining about having clients, obviously angry and irritated.
She acted as if we didn't exist when we were sitting 5 feet in front of her at the information desk.
It was my first time going to look at dresses and almost an hour into waiting I started to get really emotional, this wasn't how I wanted my first experience to be.
My mom walked up to the front, after the hour of waiting, to inform them we were leaving.
One of the women up front offered to assist us right there, so we decided to stay.
She is the only reason I am giving a second star.
I wish I could remember her name, she was younger and extremely kind and apologetic.
She also became very busy but had a manager come help me so I wasn't left waiting.
I appreciate their help, but by that time I had such a horrible taste in my mouth from the experience that I left after and never returned.
I ended up going to the Sahara location for bridesmaid dresses.
They were far more friendly (WITHOUT AN APPOINTMENT) and we had zero issues finding and ordering the dresses.
I found my gown at Celebrations, which was an amazing experience and they had far more beautiful dress options.

Shopping for a wedding dress is stressful.
Hands down.
I have heard people describe their wedding day as the best day of their life... Maybe that's because all the stress of shopping, planning, organizing, and putting out fires is OVER.
After visiting 4 other bridal shops, I decided to visit David's.
I brought a list of 10 dresses in with me... Caroline helped me.
She was SO kind, soft spoken, and very helpful.
It's hard for me to understand why this location has such poor reviews.
From start to finish, the girls were attentive, helpful, and patient.
Caroline, Marisa, and Venice,  Thank you for all of your help!
I am ecstatic to have finally found MY dress.
I appreciate your help and your superb customer service!

Super friendly consultants (Kinesha and Amber-Mgr.
) and wide array of dresses for plus size figures to try on (thank you!!).
My dress is so perfect and even though I was given the incorrect sash, it was exchanged with no problem.
I will be back with my bridesmaids in September.

