This place is great.
They do a great job on grooming and they always get my pup in for broading whenever I need it.
The people there are true pet lovers and always give outstanding service.
Plus it's affordable!

I utilize SAH for their friendly vets, grooming services, and pet hotel.
Their vets are knowledgeable and professional.
They helped me control my dog's allergy problems by recommending the right food brand instead of throwing medications at him.
The groomer is extremely nice and in general she does a good job cutting his fur (~$40).
Lastly, the pet boarding is inexpensive (~$16/day) and my dog has not looked traumatized or starved after a few days stay.
You can choose whether to feed your dog 2x or 3x a day.
Also, they take the dogs out back (about 2x/day) for restroom needs.
Also the front desk staff is really friendly and does a great job getting me in & out of there efficiently.
I'm glad to live by such a great animal hospital!

Can't recommend Stephanie Animal Hospital enough.
We have an older husky who is about 13.
They are great with him.
We use their vet services as well as boarding and grooming.
The boarding is a great value, I believe it's about $20 a day, and he is well taken care of.
Another plus, the last time we had him boarded, we had a check up done and had him groomed as well.
This cut down on future visits, which is great because we have the rare dog that doesn't like car rides.
You will get excellent service and can rest assured your pets are in great hands.

Update as of 8/13-took my dogs for boarding for the day.
Lady @ front (curly mullet/obese ) was very rude and unprofessional.
And slow!
Also- The girl that came out to take my dogs for boarding was so quiet & looked afraid of people & dogs, Not warm & reassuring the way someone That handles animals should appear.
She Just came out & Stood in front of me , not uttering  a word.
After a few seconds she reached her hand out for my leashes, so socially awkward.
I felt like I was in a Woody Allen /Tim Burton movie.
These people are creepy and not cool.
I'm done w this place..     Clean and nice facility ,good for minor services for your furry babies ( nail trim, grooming etc).
Overpriced for major services and I wasn't so impressed with the vet.

I love this place.
We have several cats and have to go to the vet from time to time.
They're always friendly here.
Dr. Britford is such a nice lady!
I definitely recommend giving them a shot if you need a vet visit.

