This is a nicely remodeled Smith's.
You can find anything here.
They really redid the deli very nicely with lots of prepared foods.
The soups are good.
There are also wine tastings.
The cheese island, however, is never staffed.
The aisles are also very thin and hard to get around.
Parking is also hard and the lot is very scary to drive and walk around, because no one can stop in there, lol.

Remodeled?
In April?
Not really.
They JUST remodeled as of November 3, 2007, and I am not sure that it is an improvement.
Yes, the aisles are wider, but that means there are less choices (like cat food) in the now shorter aisles.
There is also something unnerving about changing a grocery store that you have been shopping in for four years.
Almost every single aisle is different.
It might take me a couple of weeks to find things.
The bread, rather than being convenient, is now hidden in a side aisle.
Where the bread was is now a wall of wine, cheap wine fronted by some unpleasant looking prepared foods.
I know prepared foods are the future of grocery stores, but they simply can't do them well.
When I go to a grocery I want produce and canned goods.
If I want prepared food I go to a restaurant or specialty store.
I like their produce, but do not like the new layout.
I guess I will be shopping at Von's more.

this is where we get our scripts filled , fast friendly service !!

I only shopped here since it was walking distance for me after a Doctor's appt.
The worst experience I have had.
I should have waited and gone to my Albertson's at College and Horizon.
I was in the produce section and there was someone in that department that didn't greet me or the others like they do at my Albertson's.
I did like the layout of the store but when I went to check out there was so Good Morning or Did you find anything?
The clerk and the bagger looked at least 19 years old.
I needed to buy a Money Order and asked where I needed to do that and they sent me to the Customer Service desk which was incorrect they should have sent me to the Postnet that was very close.
When I walked by them I told them where I needed to go and they could care less.
The WORST customer service EVER!!!!!!

This store has a great staff that's always willing to help out.
Chef Mike has great food and looking forward to tasting the Mr. Wins sushi.
Love that they have always asked if we need help out.
Keep it up!

Okay, so I don't actually shop here for groceries (unless other stores don't have what I need, usually nori).
I come for the sushi.
No, I'm not kidding.
And no, I'm not coming here for crappy, flavored fake crab wrapped in rice.
Next to the deli, there is a sushi counter.
It's an honest-to-God sushi "deli".
They have oodles of delicious rolls, all made absolutely fresh.
I've also been informed that the chefs will customize a roll or build whatever you want.
The company is called "Hybrid Sushi" and they don't lie.
While they have your traditional California and Rainbow rolls, they also do things like put french-fried onions on their crunchy rolls.
They debuted a new "Spicy Shimp" roll yesterday...it was amazing!
I highly, highly recommend this place!
Anyway, to get there, I walk through their gorgeous produce department and smell the yummy smells emanating from the bakery.
The store seems clean and organized.
The staff tends to leave something to be desired, but if you use the lovely self check-out, you can minimize interaction with the grumps who get to work in a grocery store :)

Near work and the yoga studio I work out at, so I am here quite a bit.
I like Smith's.
The experience here is usually pleasant (despite getting eyeballed everytime I use self checkout).
The layout is easy to manage and makes locating stuff easy.
I've never been blown away by their customer service, but they've never offended me either.

Nice store.
Lots of staff.
Shelves are stocked up!
Always free sushi when you walk in the door... On the left.

Eh it's your usual grocery story.
I like shopping organic, hard to do here but they do have a small selection of things I like.
The great thing about this store is their sushi dept!
They have a great new group of people that also own their own catering company.
It's good s**t!!
Next time I'm in there I'm going to ask the Sushi guys the name of their company so I can give them a proper review instead of reviewing them VIA Smiths.
They're located in the deli department and they make almost everything to order.
After trying a sample of their "Crazy Mango Roll" I was pleasantly surprised at this "Grocery Store Sushi"  I think they jumped on an opportunity instead of opening their own store.
Opening your own business can get very expensive.
You can tell that they're professionals.
If you're ever in the area stop by there!
They offer free samples every day!
They're proud of their super-ushi-sushi!

This location has always been one of my favs.
I shopped here a lot when I live in Henderson before and now I am shopping here once again now that I am back.
This store reminds me of what I miss about my Summerlin Smith's on Hualapai and Tropicana.
I love the fact that it is very comfortable to shop and very clean.
I love the atmosphere as well.
The other location that I shop just off of Sunset and Green Valley Parkway I try to dash in and out on a mission, as with this one, I feel relaxed to just cruise the aisles and discover gems on sale.
Just today I walked over to the sushi bar and there weren't any vegetarian rolls.
Well, they made me a fresh batch as I shopped.
That there is awesomeness!
At the end of the day, this is the location of choice within my area.
Employees are great, selection is great, prices are the best and loving how clean it is.
Not my Summerlin store but this is as close as it gets, at least so far.
I have another to explore near Gibson, I believe.

Been to a lot of Smith in Las Vegas this one is nice.
No people with not hanging out harassing me when I go to my car asking me for money.
I like this on will be back soon.

Their sales are usually great, but since I started shopping there three weeks ago I've had nothing but issues when using the self checkout.
First my money was getting stuck inside their machine, then the other day it kept saying that my card was being processed.
I love self checkouts, but what good are they if they don't work?

As a FLorida transplant, I would compare Smith's to Publix Supermarkets.
They are above average quality and maintain clean supermarkets.
The staff are always pleasant and polite.
The three-star rating for this store stems mainly from the lack of selection (with certain products like yogurt) compared to the nearby Smith's on Sunset.

Having shopped at other Smith locations before, this is my favorite so far.
It's location is awesome, since it is in a plaza with countless other things a wandering shopper could need.
The layout of this store makes a lot more sense then the one on Sunset and the interior/exterior is a lot more inviting and pleasant.
They also have smaller shopping carts unlike the sister store on Sunset, which makes me all kinds of happy.
The meat section is decent and not all that sketchy.
I take my meat shopping seriously since it's about 80%,of what I eat.
The only downside to the store is that it doesn't have the make your own peanut butter or almond butter machines that the sister branch on Sunset has.
At least not that I could find.

When we yelp, we often reach out to the community online and offline to share the coolest restaurants.
How about yelping about the businesses that sell us the ingredients when we become the chef?
The local supermarket.
And without further ado I will yelp my local Smith's in the Pebble Marketplace.
The Pebble Marketplace Smith's is an upbeat supermarket with a clean salesfloor loaded with bargens.
Regardless that the supermarket is modern, the powers to be at their parent company Kroger's keep putting money into the supermarket.
Recently a major redurbishment resulted in a health food aisle with bulk food, frozen foods doors that illuminate when you get nearer, a more customer friendly layout and more upbeat interior.
Not that this Smith's was downbeat a few months ago.
Above this upbeat sal lesfloor, the tunes of the rock n roll era subconsciously encourage shoppers to stroll and spend $.
The prices and selection give their sister company Food 4 Less and the goliath from Bentonville a run for their money.
Last March, I wrote an investigative review comparing this Smith's to the shabby looking Food 4 Less at Green Valley Parkway and Warm Springs Road two miles up the highway with the conclusion that the prices were similar.
When an item goes on sale at Smith's, the prices rock.
For example Kettle Chips are $2.68 at Walmart where they are on sale for $2 at Smith's.
A Healthy Choice frozen dinner is on sale for $2.
Every aisle features items that are competitive to the supermarket discount leaders.
When I shop, the olfactory experience is important.
When I shop here, I could smell the bakery items, the produce, and the seafood.
I never smell anything gross.
For the most part the employees appreciate their customers.
With over 70 check-ins here, I have haf friendly check-out experiences.
A friendly cashier has rang up my order oftentimes with a bagger speeding up the process.
This is a major advantage over Food 4 Less where you bag your own groceries.
In the customer service department, this Smith's does fall short of excellence.
There have been far too many times when I wanted to buy a money order when the machine was supposedly down.
Exhausted,  I just don't want to be directed to drive to the Smith's at the 215 and Valley Verde.
On the same token, it is annoying to walk to customer service to have to wait for somebody.
So, there is room for improvement at the customer service counter.
When I review supermarkets, I take convenience into consideration.
The supermarket is the star of a team where the shopping center tenants are team members.
Pebble Marketplace is a winning team.
This Smith's is in a convenient location.
It shares the shopping center with four banks, with a US Bank inside, Starbuck's,  Wendy's, and other establishments.
Driving back from Green Valley Ranch or the 215, it is an oversized Seven Eleven.
It is never crazy busy.
And at night, parking is convenient.
The street lighting is kind of din.
The biggest convenience is that I rarely encounter out-of-stock items.
With over 70 check-ins here, I am clearly a fan of this Smith's.
It is upbeat, their prices are gentle on the wallet, and it is convenient.
My check-ins here will most likely continue.

