This is perhaps the BEST chinese food I have ever had.
Everywhere I go I try the local chinese food restaurants.
I have lived in Orlando, Pearl Harbor, Charleston, Seattle, Guam, Flint, near Flagstaff, and now near WIckenburg.
No one seems to do from scratch egg rolls anymore, not positive these are from scratch but if they are not they are exquisite nontheless.
The crab angels are awesome as well and if you get any of the dinner for 2 combinations you get 1 for each person & soup.
The egg drop soup is blah, but not terrible.
The chicken dishes that are supposed to be crunchy, are crunchy.
The dishes that are supposed to be spicy, are spicy without being overpowering.
My significant other cant have things too hot, and she enjoyed our spicy dishes.
Only been here twice.
The food was awesome both times.
The manager/owner was very cordial to us, but did seem on very friendly terms with what we assume were regulars.
Joking and kidding with them.
If they were not regulars, then the interactions would seem quite hostile.
She made me and my fiancee seem like special guests, perhaps even friends of the her family.
Only thing I have to complain about is the bathrooms.
You have to exit the building.
The bathrooms are not airconditioned, in the summer in AZ that can be quite hot!

Hard to find a good Chinese place in this state, and I'm sure that's no different in Wickenburg.
But... this would be my Go-To place for Chinese on my way to Vegas or Laughlin.
:)  As a city girl... this place is TINY from the outside, but you go in and it's almost cavernous.
Surprising how many seats they have there.
They have Weight Watchers platters, which is AMAZING.
The family dinners are amazing.
And the tea tastes actually like herbs and not like Lipton.
Service was nice and friendly.
The only weird part was that the bathroom was outside and hot.
I was a little worried about spiders.

The food was really good.
Very flavorful.
We had asked for an order of Crab Angels (crab ragoon) but never received them.
But all in all it was good food.
Don't know if I would make a special trip or anything to go back.
But if you are in the area and nothing else seems good, like KFC, Pizzahut, Tacobell this would be the better choice.

Very good chinese restaurant.
The best egg fu yung I've ever had..
Very friendly staff

Got the chicken lo mein.
Paid nearly $10 and ended up throwing the take out in the trash after 3-4 bites:( not sure if I can give it a second chance.
The staff was friendly on the plus side.

Fresh, funny and good looking...and that was just our waitress/owner.
She was so funny and treated us like family.
And now for the food review.
I really liked it!
It's Wickenburg delicious, not Los Angeles China Town delicious but really good fresh food.
I had tofu with veggies and hot chili oil on the side and my husband AKA Pumpkin had broccoli with carrots.
I ate lots of his food too.
I looked over the drink menu and wanted to hit that but I had to work the next day.
I think the Mai Tais were $4.50 and that seems pretty good.
They also offered other concoctions such as piña coladas, scorpions, and maybe even zombies.

