This is a tiny little Avis place hidden away in strip mall shopping center.
Very few cars available.
Don't expect a high-level of customer service, but it's fine enough.
Unlike the Avis location closer to me, this one is actually open on Sundays.
However, you can't return your rental after-hours.

The absolute worst place I have ever done business with!
To start off with the lady I talked to on the phone didn't even know how to give me directions to their location or didn't even know what corner they were located on only knew they were near Trader Joes then when I finally got there the process seems simple then I left with my rental car I least my car on a Thursday and paid for one week and my rental car was given to me dirty I've been received a phone call from a girl in their office asking for a different person not even myself and I asked the girl if she was looking for me she said no then I get numerous phone calls from a blocked number then finally they told me it was a vis rent a car and that my rental was up on a Wednesday which would only be 6 days not 7 then the kid on the phone told me I was wrong and I was an idiot so we exchange words on the phone I was told to bring down the vehicle which I did then when I got there to return the vehicle they were very rude customer service was very bad and didn't even I know how to work the computers I was there for about 45 minutes trying to return the vehicle this is the absolute worst place to lease a vehicle I would not recommend this business to anybody stay far far away from this business!!!!!!!!

I just went to Avis today after my car got wrecked.
They were very nice and patient.
I literally had the worse day and I appreciate how great they were to me.
I would definitely recommend AVIS greenvalley.
The process was quick and easy and the prices were really good.
My rental car was in great condition for the most part.

Great customer service, they went above and beyond!
They were waiting for us at the airport by the time we stepped out, gave us great directions to our location and even gave us a phone number to call if we had a need at any time.
The vehicle they provided was even better than we expected....highly recommended if you are in this area.

I rented a car last month and I still have a hold on my account.
When I called to talk to them they were very unprofessional and rude.
While the car was nice and rates competitive I will never go back.
All they had to do was be pleasant, you are in the service industry and customers are what keep you in business.
I will not be returning.

