With Rite Aid no longer part of the Vegas Valley, Walgreen's and CVS are now pretty much the only 2 major drug store chains present.
CVS, like Walgreen's, has a ton of stores around the valley.
However, if you consider this competitors to be at battle, Walgreens, not CVS, wins that battle.
Don't get me wrong, CVS is a terrific pharmacy/drugstore chain.
Like Walgreen's, they carry a little bit of everything.
However, compared to that other chain, their stores are generally set up in a more confusing manner and they have less of a selection of all kinds of inventory on hand.
They will probably have what you're looking for, but I like to be able to have a one-stop shop for everything.
CVS doesn't quite fit the bill.
I have never received truly exceptional service from either drug store chain, however as a general rule Walgreen's tends to have better employees.
During one visit to a CVS (not this particular location), I accidentally hit the wrong button during a debit transaction, and after unsuccessfully scanning the card (even though I had done everything right), the clerk just rudely said "slide it!
" Doubt I'll go back to THAT particular store again.
As a whole CVS is good, but it's a classic example of "anything you can do, I can do better", with Walgreen's being the one speaking that classic phrase.
So unless I'm super-close to a CVS and have a relatively simple need, I'll be going to Walgreen's instead.

My family picks up all their prescriptions from this location and it never takes long, I'm talking 2 mins.
maximum.
The employees are friendly, it's usually very quiet inside (given it's remote location), and there's a drive thru pharmacy option for times when you're feeling lazy.

I needed to kill time while waiting for my car wax.
Got some assorted sundries.
Clean, nice staff

This location sucks.
Always HUGE lines and no help.
I have had soo many $5 CVS bucks expire because they are either out of stock on what I need or I end up putting my merchandise down and walking out because the line is crazy.
This store needs new management!
Someone needs to get off their ass!!!

I've been to this CVS pharmacy a couple of times now.
Each time, the service has been quick and friendly.
I drop off my prescription and it's ready within 10 or 15 minutes.
The pharmacy is one of those places in life where you just don't want a hassle... and there's definitely been none of that here.

i have been to this pharmacy several times and am okay with the service.
nothing exceptional, nothing awful.
seems like the employees are overworked and underpaid.
I have heard some of the interactions with customers and they sure do take a lot of grief.
I would go back again

3 hours to fill birth control.....
Really?!?
It's in a box, all ready to go....
There's no pills to count.. Just put it in the bag :l uggghhhhhhhhhhh.
I walked into the store to see ONE cashier, and a line of 6 people....No thanks.
I went and waited in the drive thru, and was the third car in line...
There has to be a better system than this.
10/18 Went to this MinuteClinic on Sunday, 10/13.
The nurse who helped me was very sweet and eager to answer my questions and help me.
She swabbed my throat, because she saw evidence that could be strep throat.
Today, minuteclinic leaves me a voicemail saying that they couldn't process my swab samples because the test/sample wasn't marked properly.....
So nothing could be done with it.
Not awesome.

My closest CVS did not have the medication I needed.
They did not volunteer info about which other CVS might have it in stock.
They said I could call around until I found a CVS that DID have it in stock.
(I loved doing that while really, really sick.
)  I found the drug at Horizon-Horizon.
They said they would call my local CVS to transfer the prescription and it would be ready in about an hour.
And, 1.25 hours later, they didn't have the prescription or any curiosity as to WHY they don't yet have it.
They insisted the other store didn't send it.
Other store says they did.
So then they decided that maybe the fax machine was broken.
Horizon-Horizon store FINALLY CALLED the other store and got the prescription....and then tells me that the wait will be an hour or more because they are busy.
Hello?
You haven't noticed that I've ALREADY waited over an hour?
And that this is a serious medication, that costs well over $1000 for 10 days worth to treat a very serious illness.
I need to get it and start taking it, NOW.
So I tell them that I will be glad to wait behind anyone who has waited longer than 1.5 hours and who also has a very serious illness that can easily be fatal.
When my husband got there, it WAS ready.
But these staff members are the face of CVS in MY part of the world...their performance is CVS customer service to me.
it's a shame that they need flash cards and hand holding to do their jobs.
I will get prescriptions at my local CVS when the one other pharmacy in town is closed.
Other than that, I will stay away.

The store itself is not too bad.
They carry health and beauty and over the counter medications you need.
I always find the cutest Ty Beanie Hello Kittys here.
My xtreme couponer friends go crazy since they have good deals.
Getting help here is bizarre though.
Like in the twilight zone bizarre.
The couple times Ive come here to buy random things the cashier is just standing there staring off into space.
I stand there a few seconds as well waiting for the first movement then have to ask "are you open?/"  Happens every time I've gone here.
It's quite comical.
If you don't have your CVS card, which usually is the case with me since I hardly ever go here, they'll look it up and  punch in your phone number right?
Well not this one particular cashier.
I swear, anytime this person is at the register he shrugs his shoulders.
like "oh well"...lol...so Im SOL on whatever discount Im missing out on.
Oh well!

