Not an honest place.
They charged me $1200 to fix my air compressor and told me they put in a new one.
Less than a year later I had to get it fixed again.
This time it was fixed for $800 at a different shop.
They told me the one that was put in was not new but a rebuilt one that was cleaned up to look new.
Avoid this place and other automotive places that try to rip people off because they don't know any better.
You will notice I usually only go on to make good reviews but the automotive repair industry needs to be exposed until they stop trying to take advantage of people.

Worst Auto repair shop ever!
I paid them $1300 to repair an oil leak.
It did never leak again.
That's because they neglected to put oil back in the car and blew up the motor!
Thanks Mark.
Went there on a recommendation from one of my clients.
I won't be recommending this place to anyone, ever!
I'm taking him to small claims court.

I have been taking my families vehicles to Honest One for well over 5 years.
I have always been treated fairly with my pricing for all types of needs and different issues we have had.
I usually will always get a second opinion and pricing, yet I always find myself back with Mark because I trust him and they always seem to find the true solutions for the best price.
Their personal customer service is a breath of fresh  air in comparison to shops I had used previously.
I was recommended to use Honest 1 by a friend years ago, and I feel compelled to pass along the word to others.

The timing belt broke on my 02 PT Cruiser as I was cruising on the highway.
8 days of labor, great service - including a tow company that brought my car in - and good follow up.
Delivered on time.
For the time and the job (valve job, head gasket, etc., etc.
) I think it was a very fair price.

Went here based on a friend's recommendation.
I am so glad I found this place!
Mark was extremely nice and was more than happy to look at my brakes after I had gone to a Midas who told me I would have to replace my struts and shocks and my steering column PLUS replacing ALL my brakes (even the ones I had just replaced less than a year ago on the back).
Mark reassured me that my brakes were perfectly safe and that he would clean them up and put some lube on them.
Gave me an oil change and I was on my way!

First repair was a radiator replacement.
Came in as expected on price and there were no surprises.
Second repair was the test; needed brakes and I new the rotors were cooked.
Pricing was as expected but they didn't do what dishonest shops do; pretend the calipers need to be rebuilt, too (note: there about a 10% chance of actually needing a caliper rebuild, but it is a red flag as dishonest shops always tell you that it is needed).
I then took my car in for an electrical problem.
They called me and said they needed 1.5 hours of billable time to to diagnose as it was, as I already knew, in the huge wire harness under the dash (bump the wire harness; car can start).
They then called me back and informed me that they found and corrected the issue faster than anticipated so the bill was for only one hour.
Considering I had authorized 1.5 hours with the anticipation that it could cost more, I was highly impressed.
In summation, I very reluctantly trust mechanics to be fair with either electrical problems and especially brake jobs.
Its just too easy to pad the bill and hard to prove your car didn't really require the additional work or time to diagnose.
For me, these guys passed the honesty test with flying colors.

The name says it all.
Our family has trusted Honest 1 with car repairs for several years, and they have always been quick, affordable, and reliable.

I'm quite new to the whole maintaining-the-car scene.
My parents would take care of everything for me seeing as we had a family friend who is a car mechanic.
However, after my car needing and not passing an initial smog check and the place close to my apartment at the time charging an arm and a leg for a catalytic converter replacement, I found this place after my mom told me to call another company, who referred us to this place.
I can't say if they have the best prices in town as I stopped looking after coming here, but compared to what the place near my apt was charging (upwards of $1000 for a catalytic converter), this place was cheap (about $300..I think?
) and did a great job!
Staff is very hospitable.
Looking forward to getting more car work done, if needed, while I still live in Nevada.

These guys went above and beyond for me.
Not only did they give me a courtesy ride home, but they picked me up when my car was done.
Plus the work was way cheaper than anywhere else I found.

We have brought several cars here throughout the years and have always had nothing but excellent service.
Everything from simple oil changes up to serious warranty work (replacing alternators), Mark and his guys are willing and able to do the work.
I would go out of my way and pass 10 mechanics on the way to go to this place instead.
We've really been burned by other mechanics and grossly overcharged for work at the dealer.
All of the staff is friendly and professional and I am just glad that we were lucky enough to find this place and we will always come back for work.

It is not impossible to get a good mechanic in Las Vegas.
This place has never done me wrong.
3 vehicles I've had serviced and repaired here.
I have made the mistake of cheating a couple times with a mobile mechanic and a tire chain shop.
Each time I thought I was getting a deal or cheap repair, I ended up regretting it and came back to Honest.
I won't be straying again.
I will remain faithful.
As a woman with limited auto mechanical knowledge,  it is terrifying to have minor let alone major vehicle work done.
I can say that I'm totally trusting and comfortable with this shop and their ethics.
This shop always explains everything.
I get factory or aftermarket options.
I get full details prior to work being done.
They keep me informed every step of the way.
For integrity, ethical practices and overall mechanical services,  this is the one place that has it all.
Thanks Mark and the crew.

