Awful.
Horrible.
Worst haircut I've ever gotten for my daughter.
The first stylist was such a witch that I had to request someone else.
The second stylist was very nice, but I'm not sure she actually cuts hair professionally.
She cut her hair once, then I brought her back 10 minutes later when it was dry to try and have the stylist even it up.
It looks horrible, and I've shed many tears over my decision to give them a try.
Really, who can screw up a bob?
DON'T DARKEN THE DOORS OF THIS SALON!!

I was contacted by the owner of the salon.
He was extremely gracious and apologetic for the bad experience, and offered to try and make it right.
Which goes a long for making things better for me.

Worst place with rude stylist!
They don't cut good and charge twice as much as other places.
this is my worst experience ever!
now i have no choice but to get stuck with this bad hair ...
I went there it looks clean and there were magazines for you to look at and choose hair styles from.
I did not wait that long and the receptionist was very nice and friendly(but later on realized she was not a receptionist, but a stylist, they don't have  receptionist).
I am a very bubbly person and i am always smiling but this place just turned me into a whole new person.
when the stylist asked me what i want i just told her i want to get rid of my split ends and a little shorter because i am bored with my long hair, but just keep the layersand trim the bangs (side bangs).
she totally cut the hair straight, like when you look at the back on my shoulders it's a straight line not a V shape which means she got rid of my layers.
and she also cut my bangs straight across my forehead, she cut it too short that it bounce up like a spring and i cannot put it on the side.
I asked her to cut 2inches more because i told her i wanted it shorter and she was very rude and told me "are you sure just 2inches, coz i can;t keep on cutting little by little" she was very loud and rude that all the other customers are looking at me and she is making it sound that i am being picky when i was all smiling and low voice when i am speaking to her.
so i just told her to leave it it's fine and she still kept on saying "are you?
sure are you sure?".
omg she wont stop and i feel so embarassed already.
she said i was done and i wnet to pay and she said i owe $37 ... i saw on their wall it says adult cut and shampoo is $13.99 and i got a coupon that says i can get a haircut and shampoo for $10.99 ... she told me that she styled my hair so it's adult cut, style and shampoo which is $21.99  plus to blow dry my hair is additional $15 .... OMG what a rip off $15 to blow dry your hair???
are they not supposed to dry it anyway to check if their cut is accurate and no imperfections???
and what style???
she charged me more coz she  styled my hair, when in fact she just cut my hair straight and got rid of my old style which is the layers ... there were people waiting to pay and it was so embarassing i just paid the utrageous amount and left.
I am not really a picky person and I don't really ike to complain ... that is why i just paid and left ... but my hubby said i am always too nice that is why people take advantage of me ... so hopefully this review will be a warning to other people ... if you know your hairstylist and she is awesome for you then keep her, but if you go to fantastic sams don't go to that lady with light brown hair in a ponytail that looks mean because she is really rude.

The two girls were arguing over who had to do my eyebrows.
I went with my brother in law and one girl did his and one did mine.
I could tell the girl was new and she needed help and some confidence.
The the other worker was being petty and didn't want to help.
So of course I got a half ass job on my eyebrows.
"Oh, you hardly need yours done I can't see any hairs.
" Well I certainly woudln't spend money if I know there wasn't anything to wax.
I hadn't even plucked them in months.
I guess this is what I get for going to a poorly trained chain salon.
I'll be going somewhere professional next time if I ever decide to do that again.

pretty good salon.
never had a bad experience there and the stylists are always very friendly.
also a great location close to my home.
cant ask for much more than that!

Love this place.
I've been going here to get my hair cut and dyed for 2 years.
Jess is great!
The others are too.
I do something different with hair every time.
Last Saturday I got red with with blonde and black highlights.
Jess came up with the idea and did a wonderful job as she always does.
I love how honest she is.
Obviously everyone's hair is different and what may look good on one person, may not look good on someone else.
She tells me if something won't work the way I want it to on my hair instead of doing it and me hating it afterwards.
I love how they all work as a team help each other out.
They make you feel welcome.
There are fantastic Sams locations all over town and I live no where near this one but I drive 25 minutes just to go to this location.

