One cleeeeeean nail shop, Two waxing rooms, Three girls working, Four shelves of bath & body products for sale, Five parking spaces in front, Six manicure stations, Seven spa pedicure chairs...  A little high - $25 for a spa pedicure + $5 for French...but they include a free exfoliating sugar scrub on calves and feet...
Strange thing though, they use actual cheese graters on your calluses if you let them.
Not razors, not pedi-egg...RESTAURANT GRADE PARMESAN ROMANO CHEESE GRATERS.
Ummm, thx, I'm good with a plain old pumice stone.

I've been here twice, and both times I called ahead to see how much a gel manicure would be and I was told $30.
My first visit I was charged $35.
I was annoyed, but just kept my thoughts to myself and went on my way.
On my second visit I was charged $40.
When I told her I was quoted $30 over the phone she said there's a $5 gel removal fee, fine, whatever.
But the other $5?
That's because I got a French tip instead of getting my whole nail painted.
What?!
What kind of crap is that?!
That makes no sense to me.
And I won't even mention the fact that the lady had me soak my fingers in acetone for 20 minutes so she could go in the back and finish her lunch...the point is, they do decent work, but I don't know that I'll return due to the fact that they charge extra money for BS reasons.
I can go elsewhere and get the same service for less money.

My boyfriend and I went here for the first time today to get deluxe pedicures!
We both have jobs where we are on our feet all day and good pedis are a must for us.
The salon is nice and very clean.
The staff is friendly but a little forgetful.
This place would have gotten five stars but there were a couples of problems.
First off make an appt here!
They were so busy!
My boyfriend and I sat with our feet in the water for an hour before they started our pedis!
Sitting and soaking for 20 mins is ideal for me but an hour!?
Even I was getting bored and impatient!
Second, they were rather overwhelmed and over filled my boyfriends pedi bowl soaking our shoes and my purse on the floor!
And then they didn't bother to clean up the water!
And lastly even though my bf and I both got deluxe pedis they did not do the same things for both of us.
I don't know if they just customize the service depending on your needs or what but it really just seemed like my bf's nail girl skipped his salt scrub and mine skipped my leg massage.
Overall, it was a good pedi.
Our toenails look perfect, clean and shaped.
Our feet are soft and smooth, that cheese grater really worked!
I was nervous about it, but it was not uncomfortably and my feet really needed it.
Okay selection of polish but I think I will bring my own next time if I want a specific color.
We will be back but next time with appts.

Thanks to Tiffany I'm in love with my nails :-)  Best nail quality in Vegas, So good that I don't want to share my secrets =-) If you go, ask for Tiffany and tell her Little Blonde Nikki sent you!

This place deserves 5 stars for many reasons.
It's big and clean with a nice ambience.
All the technicians are very friendly and professional.
I highly recommend Andy, he's very good at what he does.

I was recommended to see Hannah by my sister.
She is amazing.
She listens to what is is that you want.
I was there for a fill and she made sure i approved of the length, the thickness and design of my nails.
Most importantly I felt comfortable as they all spoke English around customers.
I will definitely be going there again :) If you go, I recommend Hannah.

Really nice salon - I loved the care I received here.
I don't get my nails done often, but the first place I used was horrible - ten days later - I came here to fix them.
They were fantastic - Tiffany was awesome!
Will definitely return often!

Came in based on reviews and it's pretty close to work.
Got a full set and a pedicure; started off ok and ended just all kinds of badness.
Julie did both services and she did really good on my feet EXCEPT the polish, it kinda looked like I had stuck my foot in my shoe too soon before the polish dried...but paint on my skin and blotchy polish was the least of my damn problems.
Lets move on to my damn nails shall we?!
ALL of my nails were different sizes, one nail was put on crooked, and globs of acrylic were left under my nails...wtf?!!!
I asked her to fix the length at least and she came out with "they're all the same length" O M G. I didn't even let her finish because clearly it was about what she wanted (more like didn't want to do) than the fuckn money flying out of my pocket for this super sub-par service.
I had to pick up my husband and called the salon to let the manager know the quality of service is outrageous.
The woman asked me to come back to fix it so I returned...I walk in and they want the same chick who jacked me up in the first place to fix them.
I told the guy hell no that to just take them off and give me my money back.
Another woman came out and said she would re-do my crooked nail and even out my length ( which would have to be shorter then I wanted or paid for, for that matter.
They had the guy fix my one crooked nail and file them down to make them all even and somehow he couldn't do that correctly either.
The woman who I spoke with on the phone finished my nails and made them better.
She was nice and friendly, finished me up to an acceptable standard but I won't be back.
Don't come here if u want quality same length evenly colored nails..just sayn.
I spent nearly 2.5hrs total in here....a bit long for me.

Horrible..... Gel was left all over my hands, my nails were all different lengths and shapes.
I told the girl at the front I was not happy after spending 75 for a fill and pedicure for my mother in law, but she ignored me.
Never coming back...
I've never spend 35 for a gel fill... Over priced for the quality.

There is a reason why i stopped coming here and today reconfirmed that reason....
The nail tech thinks she is a cowboy fan and a lover of football and all she did was scream at the TV all while eating her sandwich...
I waited over 45 minutes to get a pedi and didn't even have the patience to get the mani!
The only positive experience was Candice.... Tiffany had to be instructed on how to give a mani / pedi to a man....
Seriously over this place.

Great shop, been coming here for years.
All the staff is great BUT Andy is my favorite; detailed, creative, attentive and gives the best massage.
Ask for the deluxe pedi with hot rocks massage.

As I was just looking for a new nail salon I noticed this whack ass place deleted my review along with the others that gave low ratings...so keep deleting my shit...I'm gonna keep posting it :) jackass'!

I got my nails done with my mom, it was a great experience but after 2 to 3 days my nails are already chipping and the lady that did my nails did a very sloppy job.
It started out as a nice experience then turned into a horrible mess.
I guess you can say it wasn't worth $20 for a mani pedi.

I've been getting my eyebrows waxed here for years!
Today I went in to get them waxed and a new lady did them.
Honestly, I didn't even catch her name but I can assure you I'll never go back.
My eyebrows are COMPLETELY different!!
One is super thin and I'm literally embarrassed.
And to top it all off, she ripped some skin off below my eyebrow(like it was bleeding).
I've never had any problems with this place until now!
Really upset, and I don't recommend getting waxed!

I've been coming here for years.
I always ask for Tiffany.
She is extremely great.
I had a couple of incident but it was not with Tiffany.
One lady ripped off my skin while she is waxing my eyebrow and the other lady took her 1 1/2 hours just to do a pedicure .
She talked too much.
, I told her I'm in hurry and she start talking in Vietnamese and rushed to do my nails.

Really great place!
I've never really had a salon that I kept going back to or a someone that I had to have every time.
I was the walk-in customer to whom ever was closer at the time until now.
I love coming here they do a great job (Christine the young one is who I go to, there are two and that's how they distinguish lol) I'm a server so I'm always tapping the PoS screen and handling cups, plates, and doing other things that you would think my nails would break in just days but I've never had one break!
Also I touch a lot of dirty things when cleaning the table and what not, and when the plastic nail starts to separate from your real nail all that gross stuff tends to get trapped and it's just disgusting to think about!!!
But I haven't had that happen either!!
I have had the same full set since I've started going about 2 and 1/2 months ago, including the fill you get every couple weeks.
The ONLY reason they don't get five stars is because there are really no options for pedicures at least I haven't been offered any.
If you just want a quick and a great paint job it's great but if your looking for the foot massages and scrubs, you either have to be specific maybe (cause I've never really asked) or go somewhere else.
Other then that last thing great place I bring my friends all the time!!
Oh!
And the price is fantastic!

