Henderson in many ways is still a little town, and Family Music Center is indicative of this.
This little music shop is tiny, especially when compared to the Guitar Centers of the world, but they're friendly and accommodating.
Growing up, this was the closest music shop (and was still forever away, thanks for making us live in the boonies, folks!
) and I used to get all my sheet music here.
If there was something they didn't have in stock, they'd gladly order it for me.
I bought a used guitar from them once and it's still serving me quite well to this day, over 10 years later.
They definitely can't compete size and selection wise, but if you miss the days of being able to actually talk to someone in a music store who knows something about music, check these people out.

The display of this store was excellent.
Many selections for grands(Kawai, Petroff, others), uprights and digitals(great Rolland selection).
They offer music lessons and rentals.
Besides the Pianos, they sell guitars and other band instruments.
I highly recommend this store.
Store staffs are friendly.
They have 3 locations but visited only EAST location, and they told me they have 7' grands in WEST too.
I'll inform it next time.

I called the Green Valley store and talked to Kathy about moving my Baby Grand Piano.
After quoting the price, I asked her what insurance coverage was provided for possible damage or, heaven forbid, total destruction.
She emphatically answered "FULL COVERAGE".
So, I wanted to know exactly what that meant.
Did it mean if this top-heavy piece fell over and smashed to smithereens that I would get a "new" one to replace it?
That's what I would expect after paying a huge amount to drive 2 miles down the street with it on their truck.
She said "absolutely NOT!
because the minute you walk out the door with a new one the price depreciates $10,000 just like a car does, so I would only get the value THEY determine".
First, I would have to categorize that as virtually NO coverage that I would be interested in.
Second, let that be a warning to those of you who are thinking of buying a Baby Grand...it doesn't seem like such a good value or maybe they just price them too high to begin with!
Now, I'm no Jerry Lee Lewis banging away on the keys...in fact it's just pretty much a piece of furniture that I dust, so I would expect it to have a long life.
She was so irritated with my questions that she yelled at me and said I should call someone else to see if they would meet my expectations and then she HUNG UP!
I did just that on my very next call!
I talked to Joe at Advanced Piano Moving, a very professional young man who was very happy to address my concerns.
You may want to call him 1st, without wasting your time with Kathy.
With employees like her, I'm really surprised that they have any customers.
One thing I know for sure, I won't be one of them.

PARENTS DO NOT HAVE YOUR CHILD TAKE PIANO LESSONS HERE!!
We wasted close to a year of piano lessons from unqualified and flakey piano teachers who do not know how to play or teach piano.
My daughter played the same elementary song for months and never advanced.
2 of the teachers we had up and left with no notice.
They apparently hire part time teachers who are more interested in placating to parents than actually teaching kids how to play.
We left and found a good teacher who teaches full time, is a member of the Music Teacher's Association and within 10 months, my 13 year old daughter (who had 1.5 years of prior training before FMC) is now playing Chopin.
She still gets angry at the time wasted at FMC.
Do not subject your kids to FMC, even if cost is an issue you can get a good teacher who teaches more in a 15 minute weekly lesson than any of the jokers at FMC.

Family Music Center saved my sanity today.
I dropped my daughters saxophone case and noticed a crack in her case.
When I opened it I found loose parts.
I called the warranty company and they verified I have a warranty but wasn't sure where I needed to send it.
They said I should receive a call in a few days with what to do.
Really????!
So there I was stuck with what to do.
I called Family Music Center and the repair manager told me to bring it down so he can look at it.
I was in and out within 20 min and my daughters saxophone was fixed perfect.
Under $20 and they were AWESOME.
I won't go anywhere else!!!
Thank you for the great customer service!!

