like a subway for mexican food...its the best.
you pay by what meat you get...the have steak, chicken, pork and.i cant remember.
chicken, being the least expensive.
then you can turn it into tacos, burrito, or a burrito bowl...AND if you have a student id, they give you a free drink!

This is the best Mexican food in Vegas!
The menu is simple and the food always tastes fresh.
Their meat is cooked fresh and tastes amazing!
This place is usually crowded around lunch time and dinner time, and for good reason.
It is a bit expensive and they charge extra for guacamole, but their pork bowl is definately worth the price!

This place will satisfy anyone's Mexican craving!
Pick your meat, pick your method (tacos, burrito, or bowl), then add your madness (beans, rice, veggies, salsa's...).
Everything is fresh and the burritos are HUGE.
Oh yea, fresh chips (as in they make them) and salsa or guac is the bomb.

I have been here before in CA and in NY and this was actually the best experience I had so far.
Hands down the beauty of this place for me is their corn salsa.
They make their own chips and taco shells, they fry in soy oil so it is mildy healthy.
What I love about this place is it is cheap, healthy and conscience of quality food for the bang for your buck.

The best burritos I've ever had.
My fave is a steak fajita burrito- no rice, with grilled veggies, fresh salsa, lettuce and sour cream.
Too awesome.
I know some Mexican food snobs who turn their nose up at this place because it's "not authentic".
Well, I've had plenty of great authentic Mexican food all over the country and in Mexico too- but authentic or not, Chipotle's burritos are the best.

Always enjoyed this Chipotle location.
One thing about Chipotle that you never forget is how clean the restaurant is.... Also the enormous burritos :)

AWESOME LAS VEGAS!
Man do there employees work there asses off!
I had god knows what I can't remember, but the scenary hellow right outside the L.V sign.
nice trees, plus you see people taking pics on the sign.
It's crowded, but the atmosphere is up in arms.
Just tuff to get a place to sit.
and there is a mall across the street so yup.
The taste was so off the hook!

I love Chipotle!!!
Fresh meat & veggies, environmentally conscious AND I can order from my iPhone!!
I love it.

I was just there and I just had to do a review.
I have loved this place ever since my firt time walking through your door.
Always the best of ingredients accompamied by the the best staff in the LV area!!
This has been the most consistant of a food provider that i have ever experienced!
All I can say is I"LL BE BACK..possibly tomorrow.. ; )

Good place for vegetarians, the veggie bowl is good solid food.

Very good chicken burrito.
However, this location needs to find the time to clean the floor.
There was rice and stuff under every table.

Other quick-mex places charge you for adding fajita veggies, or extra salsa on the side, but Chipotle lets you ask for extra of almost any ingredient for free (*not double meat or guac.
)  The portions are huge and the whole "ethics of food" marketing is terrific.
When in doubt, I will happily eat here any time, with any number of friends.
:-)

The food is great.
It is almost always crowded though, probably cause the food is great.
The servings are huge.
You can get in and out fast.
Parking can be a bit of an issue though because it is always busy in there.

I really love Chipotle and I wanted this review to be better, but there are a few problems I had with my most recent jaunt to this particular Chipotle in Henderson.
Typically I order the same thing all the time: Chicken Burrito, black beans, easy on the rice, cheese, a bit of sour cream, hot salsa, and lettuce.
I will note that this incident has happened to me before at Chipotle, but this one was the most recent.
It is when the people making it don't take care to make sure the ingredients are dispersed throughout the burrito.
Sometimes I can deal with this, but the reason I was so disappointed in this particular case is because it was not even busy in the place so the employees had no excuse not to make me a perfect burrito, which is what I expect.
I'll still return here if I'm in the area, but my favorite Chipotle in Las Vegas has got to be the one on Maryland Parkway directly across from UNLV.
They are always nice, and consistently make me perfect Chipotle burritos.
Chipotle is awesome in and of itself.
I love that the owners are dedicated to serving the freshest of fresh veggies, cheeses, and meats.
(They even indicate in the store if they happen to be having problems with getting the meat as fresh as possible).
I do wish Chipotle had a cheese sauce option like Qdoba does, but I guess that might be because it wouldn't hold up to their "freshest" possible standards.
Chipotle is definitely my go-to quick, Mexican burrito place in Las Vegas.
They have locations pretty much everywhere and the food is good.

I think Chipotle pretty much has it figured out as far as fast food is concerned.
A limited number of options, which is a good thing to me, but many different ways to add to them.
You can either eat an extremely healthy meal or just a healthy meal.
There are different types of salsa, I'm a big fan of the corn salsa, as well as different beans to choose from.
The lime salt on the chips is delicious!
I could eat here at least once a week.
I'd never noticed until recently that they have tacos, but indeed, they do!

Massive burritos, overflowing burrito bowls, freshly prepared salsa's and guacamole, it's not a dieter's first pick but it's a reasonable choice if you're in the market for a fast food Mexican joint.
I'm just going to cut to the chase, the food is consistently good, hence my return visits when I'm feeling like being a fatty, I'm here today to rave about the customer service!
Yes fellow Yelpers, I said Customer Service AND "rave" in the same sentence!
It's rare to find these days and since most take the first opportunity to complain about things, I thought I'd take time out of my day, to compliment this establishment for their efforts in the quality service department.
I tend to be a bit on the antisocial side of things so if I can order it online (which you can here at Chipotle), I'm all over it.
Most human contact these days leads to disappointment in the service industries so I like to cut out the middle man and have online print outs and documentation; avoiding MOST ordering screw-ups.
After we placed our office's online ordered, picked it up, devoured it, and resumed our work day, I received a telephone call from the store manager of Chipotle asking how our meal was!
This being an extremely rare situation, I asked the Manager if he was kidding, if it was a joke as to why he was calling.
I thought perhaps we under paid, something!
Because no one calls just to see how everything tasted..WRONG!
The Manager at the Henderson Chipotle location does!
OK, this is a lengthy review regarding a telephone call, I get it, but boy I was surprised, in a GOOD way, and that is just something so special I just had to share.
Decent food, average price, GREAT Customer Service :)   (Hope it's a habit they continue to keep)

One of my favorite restaurants, hands-down.

My friend and I went here for a late lunch and got in line just in time as after we ordered the line got long fast.
Standard burritos bowls and we got a side of chips.
The lovely calorie counts on the menu really make you think twice about what you are ordering.
The only off thing, is my friend and i noticed they had a B from the health department which skeeves me out a bit...

Normally I'm a huge fan of Chipotle but this time wasn't the best.
My food was cold and they gave my friend the wrong salsa.
C'mon Chipotle get your shit together!
I'm giving you a 4 for now because of all the other times I've been extremely satisfied here but I will drop you down some stars if this shit happens again!

I have taken away a star...
I would give it 3 1/2 stars if that were an option.
Yep, my intense and abiding love of Chipotle has waned a bit.
It might be because I consider Chipotle's food to be somewhat bland compared to Baja Fresh (which I frequent now), but I'm just not that jazzed about Chipotle anymore.
It's partially this location too.
A while ago, I knew every person who worked there and could count on them putting a lot of detail into my food.
Now, it seems like every time I go in, there is a whole new line of people working behind the counter.
As a result (maybe they are in training??
), it is SLOOOOOOOOOW, even during non-peak hours.
The people just don't seem as invested in their jobs or as friendly as they used to be.
I feel like I am hassling them to make my bowl.
Either way, I still like Chipotle because I consider it to be a "fresher" option than a lot of places.
Since I can customize my bowl, I can choose to lighten it up and not add a bunch of heavy stuff.
I try to eat well and in moderation, so Chipotle is still a good choice for me.

I really didn't think I would ever have a reason to re-review this Chipotle location, nor did  I ever dream that I would have a reason to give it such a poor rating.
However, my fiancé recently got TERRIBLE food poisoning from this place.
He went to the hospital and tested positive for salmonella after eating a Chipotle chicken bowl.
It was all he had eaten for many hours, so the results of his tests were pretty conclusive.
I went in to let the manager know what happened...
I didn't want anyone else to get sick.
When I told her what my fiancé had experienced, she said, "oh, that's impossible.
Our chicken is all-natural.
It can't make you sick.
"  Oh, so it's MAGIC chicken???
I didn't even know what to say... that's SO wrong... so I suggested that maybe it hadn't been prepped properly then.
Her response?
"You are mistaken.
All my employees do everything right.
"  So then, what am I left to think?
She basically accused me of lying.
I don't know how you could, given that I have conclusive medical tests and the lingering smell of vomit on my shirt to prove my point.
I was nice about it when I came in - I didn't want anything more than to be assured that expiration dates would be checked and safety procedures reinforced.
Instead, I was dismissed and made to feel like a fool.
To the company's credit, I contacted the national headquarters because I felt like we were dealing with a pretty serious safety issue.
My complaints definitely didn't fall upon deaf ears.
Within the hour, I received an email that they had launched an immediate investigation of this restaurant.
Some pretty egregious issues were found with this location, so we won't be back.
Regardless, I have to give credit to the company for taking swift action to address our concerns.
Still, it is sad that I had to go to such lengths to ensure that safety protocol is followed.
I can't believe a manager would dismiss my claims rather than just taking a minute to check expiration dates on the food.
I didn't get so much as an apology!
I don't tend to take things lying down, and this time was no exception.
I have it on good authority that the manager is no longer with the company and some staff retraining will be occurring.
I can sleep better at night knowing that maybe, just maybe, this won't happen to someone else.
My fiancé was VERY, VERY seriously ill for a while because of this, and I won't forget what he went through next time I even THINK about stepping food into a Chipotle!

Best place to get a reasonably-priced meal with the freshest ingredients.
The place is always clean and the staff very friendly and helpful.

I've been here several times and have no complaints yet.
Service is always fast, even though the line sometimes stretches to the door at lunch hour.
Place is clean and parking is doable even though it's in a relatively small strip mall area.
I've seen it floating around the top 10 if not top 5 places in the Henderson area, and honestly it does deserve this stature even though it's a chain.
Random tidbits that I just felt like sharing:  - Just noticed today that pinto beans are cooked w/ bacon, according to the menu.
No wonder they taste so good!
- Guacamole costs a lot to add.
I was kinda shocked that my friend paid over $10 w/ drink.
- The barbacoa is supposed to be spicy, per the web site, but I didn't notice a thing.
I can normally detect this.
- Didn't realize that the onion and whatnot mix comes with the burrito bowl.
No wonder _that_ tastes so good.

I could go on and on about the amazing fresh ingredients and how everything is organic and this and that.
I have a feeling most people already know all the greatness that is Chipotle.
The huge burritos that can feed a family of four.
The super tasty guacamole and made fresh chips with just the right amount of salt.
I personally love eating here because no matter if its the tacos or burritos I always end up with so much extra stuff falling out as I try to demolish it.
I then end up with a nice little salad at the end.
Tell me where else I can get a salad and a burrito for 6 bucks...
I tend to act like an ambassador for Chipotle.
When I find out someone has not experienced their greatness I immediately set up their pilgrimage and to be honest it brings me a lot of joy to see how much they love it.
The staff at this location is always great and when they know I am bringing someone new they tend to throw in some free guacamole which they  know will have my friends addicted for life.

AWESOME, place to eat!
Always fresh, always clean, just DELICIOUS!

I love Chipotle but this location is a mess.
I've had Chipotle burritos in MN, MO, KS, NE, CO, and now in Vegas.
And out of all of their locations nationwide this one has some serious issues.
Last night around 9:30 I went in for my usual order for my wife and I.
2 Barbacoas, black beans, mild salsa, green salsa, light sour cream, cheese and guac.
I also get chips and guac and a side of salsa.
I've ordered this so much I know the sales tax price differences in all the states I listed above.
In short, I got this order down cold.
But that means NOTHING when the people making your food DON"T EVEN LISTEN TO YOU!
I go in last night, tell the guy heating the tortillas what I want and end up repeating it 4x.
What type of beans?
3x repeats.
Then I get asked for salsa and I ask if they could put a little bit of extra cilantro on one of the barbacoas?
(Fresh cilantro is a secret menu item).
I'm thinking a couple of small pieces, a pinch would be nice.
Instead she grabs a salsa cup, fills it completely up with cilantro and proceeds to dump it ALL on my barbacoa.
I can't even see the shredded beef or the salsa, it looks like a grass eating cow dropped a powerdump of poo on the barbacoa!
It was a green mess!
I'm like WTF, NO, PULL IT OFF AND LISTEN!
She takes about 2/3 off and I'm like I just wanna get out of here.
I finally get to the register to pay and the lady rings up two regular barbacoas.
I tell her both have extra guacamole which is an additional charge.
Rather than take my word for it and ring up the extra money she's gotta ask the woman who made my food if it has guac in it.
Seriously?
WHY CAN"T YOU PEOPLE LISTEN?
This is not the first time I've had problems at this Chipotle but damn, is it asking too much to simply be listened to?
My voice is clear and I can communicate effectively.
I don't need communications or voice lessons from Ch.
8's Dave Courvoisier (a voice over specialist for those who don't know) in order to be understood at Chipotle.
What I do need is employees and a manager to listen, and for the manager to not have an attitude.
I don't think that is asking too much.
I came close to giving 1 star on this one, but I'm writing this the morning after and want to show some love to the giant foil wrapped burritos that are usually awesome.
We'll use some NASCAR terms and say they get the 2nd star based on provisional points.
One last thing: Parking for this location also reminds me of NASCAR as it's almost too easy to trade paint getting in and out of here.

I don't crave Mexican food very often at all, but I think Chipotle is a great fast to-go place when you're just wanting a good taco, salad, or burrito.
I was impressed that despite the growing lunch line forming, the employees at the counter assisted the customers very quickly!
I was ordering and had my food in hand within minutes.
We had the steak salad and taco.
Can't complain, it was tasty, custom-made with all your choice of fixings, and wrapped up ready to go.
A good choice for lunch, I'd say...

This Chipotle got back to 4 stars again!
Improved service and order accuracy help but the new Brown Rice Misti Y. mentioned stole the show.
My faith in Chipotle has been restored!
And guacamole makes so many things better and nobody makes it quite like they do!

I emailed Chipotle Corporate HQ in Denver as once again this location fubared my order.
I got rushed through the line and didn't get my entire order the first time so I went back again.
The 2nd time I asked for a kids quesadilla meal for my 2 year old.
After repeating it 2x quite clearly they make a regular sized quesadilla, then when I ask about the sides for the kids meal they're like did you ask us for a kids meal?
And this was from the same clueless woman who just repeated my order TWICE and acknowledged she was making a kids cheese quesadilla!
And to polish it all off the manager's shoulder shrug and I don't give a damn attitude pushed me to the point I fired up my verbal cannons and unloaded.
I told her I am done with having my food screwed up every time I walk into this location.
DONE!
I promised her I would be contacting Chipotle corporate, and I have kept my word.
This Yelp review is just sending another virtual cannonball downrange to follow the fusillade of protests I've already fired off.
Let's hope Chipotle Corporate HQ can inform the Henderson location that the priority is the customers and not cranking people through there like it's a dang cattle call.
I'll gladly pay for your food, listen to me so you can sell me the stuff I want and make $30 instead of $22!
Unless you're not in the business of making a profit, I would think this should be pretty important.
1 pathetic star for 1 pathetic Chipotle outpost that has to be the worst location I've stepped foot into in 5 states.
It's the best I can give and barely what they deserve.

This is a follow up to my earlier review.
I wrote that I sent Chipotle Corporate in Denver a complaint.
Well in the interest of fairness here's their response!
Let's hope they fix things and in a few weeks I can write a better review.
*************  Edit: On top of the email below I just got a call from Corinna, one of their regional managers.
She apologized as well and listened to my concerns.
She has noted several things to be fixed and will be working on improvements.
She also offered me a free meal on her...that's nice but I told her I just want my reliable Chipotle food back.
Sometimes you just gotta have a Barbacoa and chips and quac.
Nothing else will do.
The bottom line, they do care about the food and the service.
I'll be glad when they get things fixed!
**************  Hi Shawn,  Thank you for taking the time to write to us.
I apologize your recent visit to our Sunset Station restaurant was unsatisfactory.
While we strive to provide our customers with expedient service, it should not come at the expense of quality service.
We take comments from our customers very seriously and I will be sure your concerns are being addressed.
I will forward your message to the folks who oversee this location so they can work with their team on order accuracy.
Thank you for being a loyal fan of Chipotle and we hope to see you back soon.
Sincerely,  Xxxx  Xxxx Xxxxxxx | Customer Service  Chipotle Mexican Grill

love chipotle.
food is consistent and the line moves very fast and it is always clean.
my only two criticisms are -  I wish they opened earlier than 11am.
This is Vegas restaurants open at 10 - 10:30am.
And I wish they gave you a few chips in your bag for free like baja fresh does.

I am so upset and disappointed with Chipotle across from Sunset Station on Sunset Road.
At 1:45pm 6/24/12, a husky latino young man, gave me the WORST service ever!
I ordered a bowl with vegetables and steak, of which they apparently were running out.
I get a significantly smaller portion than what I usually get at your restaurant.
When I asked for more veggies to supplement the lack of both steak and veggies, the attendant said we are out; I said I would wait; he throws the plate away with an attitude and a dirty look, with no intention of giving me what I asked for.
I had to spend my money at Spicy Pickle to get the food and service I deserve

I'm not a fan of the cilantro rice.
everything else is pretty good, my favorite is the chicken quesadilla.
the customer service is always awesome.
the ordering line can get kinda long but it moves pretty fast.
they dont have any booster seats or high chairs for kids, so thats a bummer.

The first thing to know is that parking here is a nightmare (as I stated in my check-in).
I have an affinity for this type of food, so no matter how terrible the service is, I'll always be back.
This particular day I felt especially rushed.
It's not like there were tons of people behind me, and even if there were, I can't understand or decide what I want on my burrito with the intense stare-down from behind the counter.
You have to know what you like at this place, pretty much all over, in order to be a "good" customer to them.
I like Chipotle as a "fast food" place because of its commitment to the environment--love that they don't use antibiotics on their chickens.
Using organic ingredients when they can, it's nice to know at the very least what kind of food you're putting in your mouth if not where it comes from.
Even though this isn't the best Chipotle I have ever visited, it's close by and a good fix for the Mexican grill craving!

Food was good, staff was helpful since I'd only been there one time before and the restaurant was clean.
Music was a little loud but nice atmosphere.

When Chipotle first arrived in Vegas, I was a huge fan.
Never had a Mexican fast food experience like this before.
Then Zabas came along, pretty much stealing the same concept but with a broader menu and ingredient selection.
I have to admit that since Zabas came into the picture, I haven't been to a Chipotle!
This was my first visit in at least five or six years, if not more.
I was surprised to see that they now offer brown rice, perhaps taking a page out of Zabas book and stealing a concept from them.
What they were lacking was the potatoes that I love to add to my Zaba Bowl at Zabas.
Was disappointed about that, but hey, not a deal breaker.
Especially since I saw they had Coke Zero on tap!
lol!
All in all this location seemed pretty nice and packed.
The noise level was extremely high, but not nearly as obnoxious as Cafe Rio.
Oh and that music either has to go or be turned down a tad.
Would I eat here again?
Yes, but have to be honest that I only ate here today because a friend was craving it and that will be the only time I'd eat here again - if I were with someone who wants it and I'm not the one driving.
Great food, my vegetarian style bowl was rather tasty minus my potatoes but I prefer Zabas choices and atmosphere a lot more.

This visit was the quickest chipotle visit I have ever had!!!
So impressed!
They had everything stocked sufficiently and were well staffed.
I moved through the line seamlessly and got to the register in less than 8 min even with 2 customers in front of me.
Once at the register I was worried because someone was being trained, but was pleasantly surprised by the speediness of the payment process.
This is now my chipotle of choice, even though there is one 2 min from my house.
I will drive 10 min to get better service!

Got violently sick 6 hrs after eating a beef taco with salsa fresca from this location last night.
Im a nurse so I know how food poisoning works.
I'll  never go here again.
I'd give no stars if I could.
I'm also not the first person to get food poisoning here... Read down the reviews.
There have been others recently.
TO THE MANAGER: food poisoning has nothing to do with how natural your food is...
It have everything to do with temperature control, handling and employee hand washing .
Please fix you problem before other ppl have to spend the day vomiting.

What a pleasant surprise!
I was impressed with how fast the line moved along.
The food was quite tasty, and really affordable.
I would definitely visit this place often if I lived here.

Good stuff

Always fresh and good food.
Good place when need food n less money to spend!

While perusing I saw this Chipotle and thought I'd share my experience.
I ate here once many years ago and was underwhelmed and wondered why anyone LOVED Chipotle.
Fast forward to last year and I had never eaten at Chipotle again thinking "gross"...the more is more concept of globbing tons of food into a burrito that was not dispersed properly and had dried out beans and chicken and charged extra for chips and salsa.
Never ate at a Chipotle again.
Then a year or so ago, I had a weekly meeting and always needed dinner and the only place on the road to my meeting was a Chipotle, so I had NO CHOICE but to eat there.
Well, it was delicious!
So delicious in fact that I ate there 4 weeks in a row and couldn't wait to get there.
So I finally go back to my Chipotle in my neighborhood and think I have been missing out all these years.
Nope, still dried out, bland beans and chicken.
This location needs some management intervention because I am now addicted to Chipotle, but not this location.

Thought the food here was okay.
Service was extremely slow and we figured that's because the person behind the counter slooooooowly makes one burrito at a time.
It was $20 for 2 pretty big burritos, a bottle of water and two sides of chips for me and my hubs.
Reasonable amount for a simple dinner out.
Now,...
I've never, EVER gotten food poisoning from eating out before, but I most definitely got it from Chipotle friday night.
My night was MISERABLE, so thanks for that!
Note: I'm never returning.
Don't even think about offering me a friggin' coupon,... but getting my money back would be fabulous.

Who doesn't love Chipotle?
It is only the best Americanized Mexican quick bite restaurant!
I usually tend to stay away from these types of establishments because they don't seem authentic but Chipotle is my exception.
No matter what I order, it's always good, from burritos to bowls.
Tastes even better with a dollop of avocado!
Service was pretty fast and we got here right in the nick of time.
5 minutes later there was a line of over 10 people, it seemed to move pretty quickly though.
Didn't have a problem with parking and the gal helping us was very patient and friendly.
I like this location so far.

I enjoy the Chipotle concept.
This is a good quality location.
The line (there is always one) moves quickly.
Staff is always friendly.
I like how they always pass their health inspections!
I tried the bowl for the first time.
No beans and the veggies.
Cuts the calories down.
Their medium clears up my sinuses, so I stick to mild salsa.
Yum!

Nothing special, but my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed it, besides how busy it was.
The food was what you'd expect at any Chipotle (even though my husband wanted more steak...typical).
It was delicious.
The burritos didn't even fall apart!
The customer service is quick, easy, and friendly.
We got our food without any problems and sat down within 10 minutes of getting in line - it was a decent sized line.
Loved the experience, definitely a quick, nice, laid-back date restaurant.

I came here to try the barbacoa.
I now know that I don't care for it, or I dont like their version.
It took way too long to get from one end of the counter to the other while my food was being slid from one person to the next so when I complained that I suspected my food may be cold they did offer to remake, but only remade the last item of the 3 ordered.
I won't be back.
I gues in closing Ill add that when I made a drink and pushed the lever under the Coca Cola sign it came out clear.
Also after we ate what we could tolerate and went to throw away our trash, the can was not even there.

I'm a big fan of chipotle and enjoy there food often.
I've lived in many areas of the country all with a chipotle 15 mins or closer.
Never did I have a bad time til I started eating at this one.
I asked for no beans and extra rice to compensate and got very little.
Next was the meat and I asked for half steak half Barbacoa which is allowed and not extra.
Got almost nothing...
There was literally 1 small chunk of Barbacoa and a little steak.
I proceed to ask for extra steak and received about 6 pieces and that was it.
I not only the host, Ashley...who is very slow and should not be working a register, said there was nothing she could do and had to charge Me.
Just pure crap service

I usually order on-line for quick pick ups at the Cheyenne location and would assume all Chipotle locations would deliver the same results.
However when you DO order online for this location, BE SURE YOU CHECK YOUR FOOD BEFORE LEAVING.
This location always seem to fail at the online order part.
I had guacamole that was not even mashed and toppings missing.
Order was all but correct.
There is much to improve for the online order for this one so I'll leave it at that.
But gosh, MASH your guacamole right!
lol

Not good at all  I got a grilled chicken burrito the chicken was so much fat I will not go back

Short story: Terrible service, metal filing in food.
I'm a big fan of Chipotle and eat there semi-regularly.
I usually go to the one on Eastern in Henderson.
This one on Sunset is closer to me so I went here for the first time.
The place is clean and sterile, like all Chipotles.
The first server, who prepped a chicken burrito, acted like a robot, zero personality, and after scooping the meat immediately turned and walked away.
The second server ... nothing noteworthy, seemed nice.
The cashier, wow.
No eye contact, rude demeanor, yanked credit card out of my hand, swiped it, handed it back with receipt and promptly turned away without saying a word throughout the entire transaction.
I will not be re-visiting this Chipotle location again.
And then when I get home, halfway through the burrito my mouth begins chewing on a half-inch black metal filing.

Reasonable price and good food.
But I feel like the quality was better before.

As a Las Vegas resident I have visited numerous Chipotles across town.
This one is by far the worst.
They give you as little as possible.
The workers are stingy with the food like it is coming out of their paycheck.
If you ask for extra anything they will ignore you.
If I am paying $10 for a bowl I expect a decent size serving.
The line is always out the door because they are very slow and out of product all the time.
Drive the extra mileage to go to a better Chipotle across town because you will get better service and food.

I came for a late dinner tonight at 9:50 PM and I was greeted by Bonnie.
She was super friendly and knowledgeable about gluten free options.
She even changed her gloves and washed her hands.
Thank you Chipotle for having lots of options that are gluten free and furthermore thank you for educating your employees.

