I took a chance and stopped here to get a quick oil change.
I was pleasantly surprised.
First, the entire process took less than 30 minutes from arrival.
Second, the price was excellent.
Third, you get a free car wash and fountain drinks/coffee just for purchasing an oil change.
My service was done by Kerry, and I cannot recommend him enough.
He was nice, knowledgeable, and didn't find things "wrong" with my car like other places tend to.
Great experience all around!

Went in for an oil change.
Quick, painless.
The oil package offers a lot for a reasonable price.

I came here to get my car washed and I had no idea what I was doing.
Everyone I spoke to was so helpful and patient!
My car is my baby and they took good care of her.

The low grade is for the self service car wash.
Nothing to do with the lube, but there was no option for the self serve.
Major beefs:  no tire cleaner, cold wash water and very little soap.
I thought this may be a problem specific to the location at  Nellis and Charleston, so I chose to give them another chance.
Nope...just as bad here in Green Valley.
I don't recommend using Terribles for self service car washing unless the above beefs  don't bother you.

Always get great service and they're pretty fast (faster than Jiffy Lube).
Pricing is the same as the rest of the industry.

I've been taking my car to this location for oil changes for years.
I've always appreciated their efficiency and honesty.
Today, I learned that they offer many more services.
I was able to have my brakes (pads and shoes) replaced at this location..
They have extremely reasonable rates (the best rate out of the 5 shops that I called).
I recommend this location for anyone who needs work done on their cars.
They are friendly, honest, and  skilled mechanics.

I usually love this place but today I had bad service.
The workers and manager were more interested in talking than working and as a result my car took forever while other vehicles came later and were out sooner.
When I mentioned it to the manager he made an excuse and did not care.
But he was the one yapping and keeping my technician distracted.

I drive all the way from Silverado Ranch to this location for full service car washes.
There is also a self service wash and an oil change facility on the property, and gas pumps and convenience store too.
Pretty much everything you could need car wise and their employees have always been pleasant.

This is a full-service car wash, but I've only used the automatic "exterior wash only" option.
The actual car wash is as good as the automatic at any other Terrible's I've visited in the valley, but I'm Yelping this location to give a shoutout to the awesome, friendly attendants here!
No matter what day I drive in for a wash, there's always someone nice on staff to greet me and get me through the wash bay.
Thanks a lot for the courteous service, I'll be back again soon!

Quick and friendly service.
Andrew knows what he is talking about and is really concerned for the well being of the customers and their cars!

i have never put anything out there like this but this really got to me and will not go away.
So i am writing this to let some of the folks know what happened to me.
It has been a while back but I have to let my Jewish friends know about this place I went in with a friend to get is oil changed I am from out of town and wondered why anyone would call a place terrible Well i found out why seems the folks working there had playing around on their minds then my friends car.
they seemed to enjoy snapping towels at each other I asked my friend wonder what a manager might say about that he said one of them is the manager.So my  friend said no one to complain to about the oil not getting changed they finally got the car done.
I was so amused at the manager when he cashed my friend out he said thanks for coming in come back soon.
I thought  if i wanted to watch kids play I would go to the park.
But that's not what really up set me after we left we went to get the car washed .
what a difference there the cleaned the car so nice and fast with a smile.
we went back over the the oil change place to pick my wife she seemed upset I asked what was wrong she said after we walked out the guy a the counter says bye Jew boy she asked his name he told her (Berry Jerry Terry something like that) like i  said it's been a while.Just had to get it off my mind  I have to give a shout out to the young men at cars wash great job  Bob

