Every single person that worked there who walked past me asked me how I was and if there was anything I needed.
Within my job I am required to present outstanding guest service at all times, and on many levels I feel that is never, not ever the case ANYWHERE ELSE in Southern Nevada.
This place goes above and beyond.
Not only do I want to buy everything in this store, I want to have tea on the wicker chairs with the staff too.
"Going to shop" or "going to pick shit out for my house because I have a thousand books and no shelves" is something I put off.
Why?
Because I don't generally like having to go to stores and talk to the people that work in them, because they don't want to talk to or have anything to do with me either.
Not the case here.
Awesome experience.
Oh I dropped about $500 on shelves.
They even brought them out to my car, and let me use a fancy glitter pen to sign the receipt.

Greeting upon entrance, inquiry about my shopping experience, then left me alone to wander around and do my own thing.
Is there anything more you can ask from a place?
I hate getting mobbed and pestered.
That is a non issue at this Pier 1.
The staff are friendly and on their toes without being invasive.
Pier 1 is filled to the brim with so many bright and vibrant colors.
When looking around, the colors are bold yet works all together.
The uses of deep reds and rich turquoise are so eye catching.
The accent colors are taken to a new level and creates such warm in a house.
The furniture tends to be pricey, but once they go on clearance, they are totally worth it.
My recent obsession is focused upon their passport pieces.
Screens, chests, and drawers made with beige suitcase material and adorned with stamps makes for a lively and fun room.

This store is pretty big and takes me a while to go thru sometimes because they have so much nick knacks for the home.
It's one of my favorite home to get scented candles and reef diffusers.
I was able to find a sturdy and stable hurricane stand also for candles here.
And whenever I change up my pillows, I always end up buying them here.
Love the vibrant color schemes they have.
They also have cute purses and scarves here too.
Also they have nice table settings displays, it gives me a good idea of what to get when I change up the look for the season or for dinner party place settings.
Getting the glassware can be a little tricky sometimes though because the wall shelving goes up pretty high and people at my height cant reach that one item that just has to be on the very top.
Good thing their cashiers are centrally located in the middle of the store so you don't have to search for someone to help you.
Sales staff here are helpful, they even help lug your bulky items to you car when you pull it out front.
Whenever you enter the store, you are always acknowledged from either someone nearby or by sales staff clear across the other end of the store that you cant see but can hear their voice from outta nowhere.
Prices are a little more expensive than department stores, but the quality is much better.
Still I hardly ever buy at full price.
Since alot of the stuff is seasonal you can get that furniture piece at a discount, especially items for the patio and garden, they dont mess around and mark it down to move it out of there quick to make room for the next seasonal lines.
So don't be intimidated by the higher priced merchandise.

All of the employees here are super friendly - and a genuine kind of friendly, not the "I know I have to be nice to you" friendly.
They are also helpful.
I have purchased many items here for my new home.
The delivery service that they use is EXCELLENT!
The two men that delivered my table were friendly, efficient, and timely (they showed up at the very beginning of the two hour window).
Additionally, the delivery team did not need any directions when arranging my table - they knew to center it under the ceiling fan.
Very impressed on all counts.

ehhh.
I think a lot of the things at pier 1 are over priced.
I mean, $20 for a bag of potpourri..?
Thirty some odd dollars for a cookie jar that is on clearance...?
yikes.
We were "welcomed" to the store, but that was it.
Weren't asked if we needed help, or anything like that.
We were free to roam the store.
Some cute things, and certainly, some ugly things.
When we were leaving, an older woman walked in, and was asked how she was, and what she needed help finding...
Interesting.
Maybe I should cover up my tattoos if I need help next time...HA.

