Don't even think about going to this place unless you absolutely can't resist setting large amount of money on fire while getting insulted and caned.
They'll overcharge you.
They won't fix things right the first time.
They will lie to your face & they definitely won't respect you.
They won't apologize.
I'm not sure if I have ever had to raise my voice to anybody in public in my entire life and I had quite the confrontation with the manager there.
That's how far they'll push you.
Your will power to resist committing arson will be tested.
-------  ATTENTION!
UPDATE AS OF FEB 18th 2013!
I received a phone call today from a "Samantha" from a California area code claiming to be calling on behalf of this business for the above review that I left over a year and a half ago.
They asked me to take my review down today because I "lied".
When I told them how terrible my experience was and re-emphasized that I didn't lie they said "well, nobody witnessed that so you must be lying".
If that wasn't bad enough, she said well can't you amend your review and apologize and give us one extra star?
I told her that nothing about my review was inaccurate and that the only thing I would amend it with was whatever she tells me in this phonecall.
She then actually said "unless you are recording this phonecall then you can't prove what I said.
"  I told her that I don't need to prove what she said for it to be a fact (which it was).
She then changed directions quite aggressively and said "well if you are going to amend your review with facts then I should add that I'm on asshole"!!!
Around that point I asked her if she ever heard the saying "the customer is always right" and that if they wanted me to modify my review then they have to play the part of customer service and make me feel respected either through a written apology (which I should've gotten two years ago) or a reimbursement of part of my bill.
She said that she has never heard of that saying.
I said "really, you've never heard the golden rule of business that the customer is always right" and she said "nope, never.
I don't agree with that.
"    She then went one further yet and said "well just so you know there was a fire last week at the business and your negative review looks pretty suspicious to me.
"  LITERALLY insinuating a committed a felony two years later because of a 1star review I left for their business.
I told her that I had no time or interest in doing that and that if I'm a legitimate suspect then she should take me to court because there's nothing tying me to her business besides a 1 star review.
She also said that she saw two people voted my review funny and four people voted it helpful and asked if I had gone around to get my friends to vote for it!
I told her that I own my own business and have no reason or motive to get my friends to vote for my negative reviews or to start fires for poor service I got  almost  two years ago.
She then asked me who I worked for and when I told her she said LITERALLY "I've never heard of them.
Sounds like a faggots' name to me".
Can you believe that?
I will be reporting them to the better business bureau, to their corporate devision and modifying my reviews everywhere they are posted.
In one phone call asking me to amend my review they called me a liar, insinuated I committed a felony and projected intense discriminatory slurs.
Don't make the mistake I made and stay away from this place!!!!
They even had the nerve to offer me 5% off future service at the end and when I told them I would pay somewhere twice as much to be respected she said "fine I'm looking at your record and we don't want your business anyway"!
SERIOUSLY, This review doesn't even include half of the poor customer service I received and will stay up!

Would give this a zero star rating if possible.
Came in here for new breaks last year because it was close to our house.
Once they said they were done with the breaks I took off to a job I had that day.
Horrible screeching noise which made me go back there for them to fix it.
Again still noise and after only half a year I know I needed new breaks again!
Went to econolube down the road today and even they found some un secure bolt that PurrfectAuto had placed in there and was carving the rotors.

I came upon this place on accident on my way home after an attempt to go somewhere else for an oil change but that place wad closed.
I saw a sign for a 10$ oil change.
I figured I couldn't beat that, even if their service was going to suck.. but it didn't.
The guy at the counter was nice and helpful.
They didn't try to push any unneeded work  on me like a lot of places seem to do just informed me of issues I was somewhat aware of.
Honest, quick, and nice.
And affordable!

Didn't know smogs took an hour

I'm not saying don't go here but if you want to give your money away for services not needed then go ahead.
I'm pretty knowledgeable about cars, went in to have my oil changed then hear comes the upsell.
They take me out and show me what is needed, and proceed to show me a dirty air filter, I look at the guy and say not interested in replacing it today, why you ask well I always replace my own air filter with a name brand filter from the dealership.
They show me one that is a no name brand with no marking that I know did not come from my car.
I call BS on this.
I'm pretty sure they did a swap before they took me out there to upsell me.

Went in for a smog test because of the price, not worth it.
They tried to hit me up with a $$$$$ bill off of a little smog check.
I did not even ask for or approve for them to check my engine.
Instead the whole time they did not even start the smog and I had to wait another fifteen minutes.
It took one whole hour for a simple smog check.
Read the other reviews and beware which I wish I had done before I had gone there.

I got what I expected...a smog test for $9.99.
It may not be a purrfect auto repair place but it's way cheaper than any other smog test in Las Vegas.

They changed the oil in our truck in less than an hour.
Based on the other reviews, I was almost steered away.
It's a garage.
They're dirty.
Nobody has bedside manor.
It is what it is.
Women-- Learn about cars and you'll never get hustled!
If you do it's your own fault!
It was $78.00 for an oil change for a full sized SUV.
When the manager came out to charge me he said my 2013 truck was in great shape.
Oh really?!
Thanks!
LOL, like it wouldn't be?
It's 11 months old.
He casually mentioned there was "some staining" that "can possibly" come from a leak.
Sure it is.
I laughed at him, paid and left.
Can't hustle a hustler.
I'll be back, it's a decent place for what it's worth.

My niece took her car to this place and she received excellent service.
She asked them to prep her car for a trip to Minnesota.
They changed the oil, belts, fuel filter, windshield wipers and  replaced antifreeze coolant all for a very reasonable price.
The mechanic told her the car would make it to Minnesota and it did.
The staff was very friendly and honest.
I don't know why they would get a bad review.
Maybe they are under new management.
I would recommend them to everyone.
They are worth a second chance.
I want to thank Purrfect Auto Service for a job well done!

Not good people.
They scammed a dear friend of mine due to his old age.
He was clueless at the fact they over charged him for new brakes but then went ahead and put used brakes on his car.
Purrfect Auto buys USED brake pads from junk yards  (pads with like 50% life) and sells them as NEW pads.
STAY AWAY!!!!
Their reviews speak for themselves!

Always starts out by saying 'how long have you had the car?
Needs some fixin'  What a bunch of fucking liars.
Avoid this place at all costs.
I wish we could send an investigator to this place

Avoid this place.
They are just trying to hustle you for more services that you don't really need.
You don't really need an engine flush unless you spilled contaminants in the engine.
Every customer walking in, they are just trying to scam them.
I really wish to save any more people from falling into their trap.

