No Frills Local Action.
I primarily came to Jerry's Nugget for a prime rib dinner at the Jerry's Coffee Shop.
I have relatives in LV and they wanted something less fancy and less-expensive than Lawry's, so we ended up here.
See my other [forthcoming] review on the dining experience.
This is certainly not the _best_ Vegas has to offer from a gaming or dining perspective.
I got spanked at the craps table at this joint.
Jerry's Nugget proved that the house always wins over the long run.
Only ONE craps pit here.
The whole family was here and we took up the table for ourselves and probably donated a G to Jerry's that night just at craps.
The only good rolls came from the only non-family member at the table, I made more money off of him than he did on himselft.
Unfortunately, I was too optimistic of everyone else in the family's ability to pass and gave it all back to Mr. Jerry.
Dealers and Pit Bosses are super friendly.
Props to Kevin - he'll talk your ear off and help you when things get good.
Made up for the punishment at the craps table with some action at the blackjack table.
This made me want to re-evaluate where I find the entertainment value of gaming in Vegas.
Craps is still my main vice.
Pros -  -locals, locals, locals -small and intimate -little to no tourists -friendly dealers and wait staff -low table minimums -good for groups (you can't lose anyone here - try finding someone in a group of 10 in the MGM!!!
)   -great coffee shop!
Cons -  -sketchy neighborhood -out of the way && in the middle of nowhere "old las vegas" -little to no tourists -ZERO eye-candy (this ain't the Hard Rock)  This is a 1 star joint that gets 1 star for the friendly staff and 1 more star for the coffee shop with an extensive menu with cheap and decent prime rib.
Would I return?
Yes Would I return just for gaming?
No... Would I return to eat then play?
Absolutely

Jerry's Nugget has been extensively remodeled from when I first went there, when it was a very tired, stanky old casino north of Downtown.
It's been spruced up quite a bit, which was almost kinda disappointing.
The main reason why one goes there was always "the prime rib dinner the tourists pay twice as much for", and it used to be way too seedy for most respectable folks, with the Palomino and a couple of other nasty strip joints being the nearest neighbors, along with the Salvation Army, the Mission, a couple of other shelters and halfway house type places.
So the environs definitely camouflaged the fact that inside you could get a HUGE slab of prime rib(I mean silly big) at a price that made us locals feel like we still had a few things in this town that were just ours.
It's still good, and still cheap, but it's not a secret anymore, and the remodel makes people less scared to go there.
Particularly during conventions of "beef-eating guy stuff" like construction equipment or rodeos you'll see a lot of big bellied dudes hustling across the street between Jerry's and the Palomino...their version of "Dinner and a Show" I guess.
Wouldn't help my digestion any, and after the huge chunk of cow they serve there, that's all that I can deal with.
So, bottom line, don't be a wuss.
It's a lotta meat, cheap.
What kinda carnivore is afraid of a few bag ladies and crackheads?

Jerry's Nugget is a very pleasant locals' casino and a real find for tourists.
If you love good food, you'll love it.
(If you love crowds, waits, and struggles to get in, if you go out to see and be seen, and if you only like spendy status eating, this is not the place for you.
)  Jerry's Nugget is a quick drive about 12 blocks north of downtown on Las Vegas Blvd.
There is plenty of parking around the building and in the lot next door.
The area is clean and well-lit and looked fine to us, everything neat and occupied.
Our second dinner there was on a Friday night during Bikefest.
There was no crowd to fight for one of the finest meals you'll ever get.
Definitely try whatever specials are offered at Jerry's Famous Coffee House.
Excellent food at amazing prices, and lots of variety on the regular menu.
We had the steak and king crab special -- half a pound of each, a full dinner for $7.89, and easily worth much more.
There is also the option of a pound of king crab for $9.89.
Everything was delicious.
The outstanding soups are homemade, as are the delectable looking desserts.
There's also a bake shop and Uncle Angelo's Pizza to tempt you.

Jerry's Nugget is a great place to eat and play!
I always make of point of going there when Im in Las Vegas.
The employees are super nice and the atmosphere is relaxed.....well as relaxed as a casino can be.
Prices are very reasonable!

As casinos go, this one really has little going for it.
It is away from downtown and the strip so you won't walk there.
It is like walking into a lit box of cigarettes, the carpet and decor is old and worn, and in general the people there do not look happy.
I do enjoy Jerry's deli for cheap, decent comfort food though which is why it gets 2 stars.

Not the normal place I'd go.
The smell of old smoke and the feel of grime everywhere has made this a place I won't be returning to.
My friend loves this place because she's been able to meet a lot of people.
I will say on the bright side and probably the only bright side was that the people here were very nice.

