My friend Kevin and I do lunch on Fridays.
That's just how it is.
We both work around the UNLV area so usually we pick somewhere around there, but one Friday found us both at home and so we headed to the mall (yeauck!
) and plopped ourselves down at Red Robin to eat in tandem what we'd both talked about in the past: the Whiskey River Chicken Burger.
Now, other places (like my esteemed Otto's) definitely do burgers better, but this chicken sandwich is absolutely dynamite.
A big, thick, juice chicken breast smothered in cheddar, bbq sauce and onion straws.
It's served with bottomless steak fries, but if you get through the sandwich you're not going to have any room.
If you're more of a burger fan, I've tried them before and they're definitely good!
Again, I've had better, but these puppies aren't anything to thumb your nose at if you're in the mood for some red meat.
May I suggest the Banzai Burger with teriyaki and grilled pineapple?
Boo, it's in a mall.
Boo, it's a chain.
But man, that's one tasty bird on bread.

Ok, so the bottomless steak fries are a pretty great perk, but other than that it just seemed like your average restaurant.
Nothing really amazing about it.
The first time I ate at a Red Robin was in Florida and there wasn't anything really memorable about it, so I wasn't expecting much of this visit.
The hostess was emotionless and couldn't seem to get the number in our party right...we had to switch tables.
Our server, luckily, was very cheerful.
My salad could have used more walnuts and the kids meals my niece and nephew got seemed a little dry.
I'm not sure what my brother and his fiance thought of their burgers.
Prices are good so it's a good place to go if you have a family.
I had fun playing the activities on the kids menu with my niece and nephew.

This was the first time my wife and I eat at this restaurant, but we usually save it for special occasions, since it isn't cheap.
This time my wife had a Bacon Cheese Burger and I had the Fish and Chips.
The fries were good and my wife really liked her hamburger , but the fish, well, if you like finding pieces of a Brillo pad mixed up in that batter, go for it.
At first I thought it was pieces of dust, then realized that it was steel wool.
I really couldn't believe it.
I showed our waitress, then the manager came over and apologized, it seemed the Brillo pad had jumped into the batter.
he didn't charge us for the fish and chips, but beware.
The Blue Pomegranate Limeade is new, I didn't like it, maybe you should ask for a sample before buying it.

Very nice selection of burgers, always cooked very nicely.
The bottomless fries are great as well.
They also have great drinks, such as strawberry lemonade with real berries, and also free refills!!
The service is pretty good, but during slower times can be spotty.

I have been visiting Red Robin for years and am constantly pleased with it.
Having been a customer here on countless occasions I would say the 95% of my visits here have meet my expectations and 5% were a little under.
As I have said in a few of my other reviews everywhere has its off days.
Being a frequent customer here I walk in knowing what I am gonna get.
I always sit down order my drink and a few baskets of their BOTTOMLESS Steak Fries which come with any burger order.
I almost never order an appetizer but when I do they are a taste treat :) I have tried 90% of the burgers on the menu and my all time favorite is the Bruschetta Chicken Burger.
The Garlic Fries are a great addition to the plate and the burger itself is amazing.
Another good choice is the Royal Red Robin Burger.
I love eating here the price is right and I always leave stuffed of what I was expecting!

This place opened up in the Galleria Mall about 10 years back.
While a national chain, I had never heard of it prior to this.
I had been missing out.
Red Robin is American-style food at its finest.
The place has an upbeat, colorful atmosphere, along with a few arcade games.
The menu is pretty diverse, and it's highly unlike you'll be coming here and not finding something that appeals to you.
They even have shakes/malts, and I guarantee they will be some of the finest you have ever tasted.
The place has excellent fries, and with pretty much any food item you paid for you get an unlimited supply during your meal.
Not bad for all the people that can't get enough food.
The service tends to be a bit hit-and-miss at times.
Sometimes I have gone for minutes on end with no one coming to me.
During one visit I didn't even get my malt until after I had received my food!
Plus, they are terrible at taking the request of not including ranch with your chicken fingers - and this IS a big deal, considering it is an unsealed container and CAN spill out onto them.
Still, the faults are minor in the long run.
I've been going to this place since they opened up here, and probably always will.
Nothing is so wrong with this place that it will keep me away.
I have to give this place a strong recommendation overall.

This busy location is located inside the Galleria Mall in Henderson.
Great burgers and sandwiches.
Good prices.
Great service- refills are quick.
Bottomless Freckled Lemonade (strawberries) @ $3.99 (worth it- mmmm) and endless steak fries with signature seasoned salt (at your table).
Open 7 days.
Fun kitsch ambiance (like Appleby's/TGIF); casual American dining.
One of three locations left in Las Vegas.
All good reasons to come on down.
The best ones to try: Whiskey River BBQ Burger (my husband's favorite, so he always orders this one), Whiskey River BBQ Chicken Sandwich (my favorite), Blackened Chicken Sandwich, Fish sandwich, and Whiskey River BBQ Chicken Wrap (I might order this one again- that's how good it was).
I don't really like steak fries but theirs is very good.
My husband always asks for ranch.
The lemonade is really good.
Both the fries and the lemonade are bottomless.
It's sad that the one at Decatur/Sahara closed- we celebrated my husband's 30th there.
We go to this one now.

I love Red robin.
The only reason they lose a star is the food is kinda pricy for some items and i'm not a huge fan of the french fries.
I always used to order the blue ribbon burger.. so good!
but in later years I've been trying to behave and have ordered the cobb salad here 2x.
If you are looking for healthier options.. under 500 calories.
Good luck, go somewhere else.
But.... hear me out.... this place's Cobb Salad is 533 calories not counting dressing and the bread they serve with it.
I love their website that counts all the calories and you can modify to calculate every single thing you put in your mouth.
down to the lettuce... yes down to the lettuce.
Its a must try!
Also note.
if you are looking for this place its not on the outskirts of the mall it is in the mall..
The 1st time we were looking for it we didnt see it so we went to BWW.
(always a winner)  But this has great burgers and other options.

I really love Red Robin!
I haven't lived near one in quite awhile so I was super excited when we stopped by this one for lunch.
Unfortunately there were a few issues.
First off our waitress was too busy so another waitress came over to get us started.
She was actually pretty good.
Unfortunately our real waitress came back.
As for the food I remember not only the seasoning on the table but also on the fries.
Mine came plain which is sad to me.
I hope that isn't the new way to do things.
Lastly I got the capricie sandwich and I'm pretty sure my tomatoes were not soaked in balsamic, they were plain and ordinary ones.
Would have asked my waitress but she was otherwise occupied.

Terrible service!
This location is at the mall and is way too busy and unorganized.
The waitress never brought our fries.
Hello?
This is what Red Robin advertises!
She also brought us our food but did not bring silverware.
It was a bit disappointing.

I have always liked the food at Red Robin.
My husband and I have been regulars at the Irvine Spectrum location for the past few years when we lived in California.
So I am kind of disappointed that there are only a few locations here in Nevada.
Here are some of my favorites on the menu: 1.
Creamy Artichoke & Spinach Dip: I think the best one is at CPK, but this comes in at a close second!
I could eat this as a meal.
Clucks & Fries 3.
Caesar's Chicken Wrap 4.
BLTA Croissant (Bacon, Lettuce, Turkey, & Avocado) 5.
Freckled Lemonade 6.
Bottomless Steak Fries - of course!
What really disappointed me about this location was the service.
Our server wasn't too friendly and it took her a while to finally come to our table and take our order.
I ordered the Caesar's Chicken Wrap, which comes with melon and steak fries.
I told her "No melon, just fries.
" Well, apparently No melon = More melon and NO FRIES!
I was disappointed when I got my order, which was delivered to us by another employee.
Since our server was nowhere in sight, my husband and I just shared the fries that he got with his burger.
We figured it was bottomless anyway, and would just order more if needed.
Also, there were no utensils or napkins on our table so we had to ask for those as well.
The Red Robin restaurants in California always gave us a set of utensils wrapped in a napkin as soon as we sat down.
The food here is great!
Too bad the service is pretty horrible.

My last visit to Red Robin was a perfect example of bare minimum service.
What I mean by that is the lowest amount for the standard tip.
The 12 min.
wait for a seat even though there was 9 free tables, 6 of which were in between stationed areas- the remaining 3 was probably closed off.
The server provided one refill for drinks.
Service was relatively quick, but server was not aware of terminology on their own menu.
(I ordered "bunless" and printed on the menu, a note says, "Order it BUNLESS, get your burger wrapped in lettuce.
" Yet she still asked me if I wanted my burger to be wrapped in lettuce.
) This would normally warrant a 2 star rating but oddly enough this sub par service was not as bad as most of the places I've been to as of lately.
I wanna say keep it up, but you can do better.
Just think about food service in the 80's and 90's.
They only looked for 10% gratuity but their excellence far exceeds today's standards.

I would have given this place four stars but had to deduct a few stars.
First off, the food was really good, I have eaten at Red Robin before but not this location.
My burger was tasty as were the fries.
My kids had the pizza and grilled cheese, I had just a regular burger and a drink and our total was about $20.
Not too bad especially when you are comparing it to fast food.
Our server was spot on, filling my drink when it was only half empty.
She did forget my boys chocolate milk and accidently gave it to the table next to us but stuff like this happens and I overlooked it.
I am however deducting two stars for them having a military discount and taking it away.
Really?!
You can't afford to give the few military who may come into this restaurant a few bucks off their bill.
This really left a bad taste in my mouth.
I know the economy is bad and all but I hardly doubt that the CEO of Red Robin is hurting for money.

For a chain place, I gotta say, they are pretty good...I believe places like TGIF and Appleby's have been going downhill.
We were both needing to eat something, but at the same time, we didn't want to pig out.
I was game for whatever.
Red Robin was right there on our way to the car.
Staff was friendly and efficient, place was clean, decor was nice.
I've never had anything other than a burger at a Red Robin.
We decided to share the Whiskey River® BBQ Chicken Wrap with bottomless steak fries.
I'm picky about BBQ sauce, so I was worried, but this was so good, food tasted fresh, it was the perfect melding of flavors.
I was happy, I would get it again.
I love when a restaurant splits the meal onto two separate plates when they know it'll be shared.
Good job guys.

We normally enjoy Red Robin and one of our favorite things is the fries.
We had never been to this location but stopped for a quick lunch.
The fries were terrible.
They were mushy and we didn't even finish the side order that came with our burgers.
We won't be visiting this location again.

I've been to local Red Robin's in the Bay Area and considering that it's a franchise, they make everything the same at all restaurants.
Needless to say, this place isn't all that great.
I can come here to eat every now and then, but it's not off the wall where I tend to want to come back more than often.
We ordered an onion ring tower which was HUGE!
and ok tasting.
I'm not much of a onion ring lover and that might have an impact on why I didn't think it tasted great.
Me and the wifey also shared a chicken pasta which wasn't all that tasty in my opinion, probably won't ever order it again.
But what I do like about this place is their fish, fries and shrimp sampler appetizer, although we didn't order it at the time we came to this place, I did have it a few times when coming to another Red Robin and I do recommend it to others when coming here.
All in all this place doesn't deserve more than 3 stars as food wasn't that great here when we ate.
Sorry Red Robin I just know you can do better.

Our server was awesome, very nice girl and incredible helpful because I am terribley indecisive.
The food was good and we didnt have to wait for the check.
all in all a good experience.

This visit was a take out order, so a friend and I sat at the bar waiting for our food to come out.
The bartender was a friendly lady, she took our order and brought us some water while we waited.
It took a little while for our food to come out, once it did, I asked for a side of sauce for the fries.
She said she'd be right back with the 1,000 island.
It took FOREVER for her to come back with a small container of dressing.
We joked that she had to go collect all 1,000 islands for us.
We got back to the house after a while and we were all finally able to eat.
We normally have good experiences at this location, as we eat there semi-regularly.
The bartender was not busy making drinks while we waited, it seemed almost as if she took her break, then remembered to bring us the side so we could leave.

Red Robin is a flashy attempt at a burger joint.
I have had quite a few of their and a few non burger dishes.
SO..to be blunt and to the point you can slap all kinds of sauces and ingredients on a burger but if the foundation is weak...well you get the idea.
A real burger needs a patty that didn't come as a frozen disc.
Other than the preformed patties the place isnt all bad..just not my piece of cake..or beef if you will.

Was there 3 months ago and had horrible service.
It took forever to get our food then when it finally came it was not only wrong but cold.
The manager apologized and comped most of the meal.
We went back tonight and had another bad experience.
We got our drinks and appetizer without a problem but then sat for over 30 mins waiting for our food.
The waitress came over and said they had been having kitchen trouble all day but it would be out in 2 mins.
3 mins later she sits down at another customers table chatting with them.
Another lady came over and apologized and said our food should be coming.
I told her it had been over 30 mins and the waitress told us 2 mins 3mins ago.
She assured me it was coming and another few mins went by before our food came.
Everything was cold.
The fries seemed like they had been sitting under a heat lamp for a long time and the cheeseburgers were stone cold.
I had my 2 and 4 year old children with me who were out of patience and hungry.
I told the waitress after waiting that long and then getting cold food we were leaving and not paying.
She rolled her eyes at me.
The waitress was Francis.
I am disappointed and we will not be returning.

Ok.  Sunday night, 5:45 we walk in.
There are 4 of us (wifey and two children).
Out of about 50 tables, maybe 15 were sat, so it was slow.
We are seated.
Five minutes to put in a drink order.
Appetizer was served by 6:00.
Not bad,  Food order was taken.
This is where it really started to suck.
Our server, Francis, must have not turned the order in immediately, because we waited 25 minues for 3 burgers and a BLTA.
The manager came by to explain that our food order was "only put in 15 minutes ago".
Fine.
WHY THE HELL WAS IT ALL COLD WHEN IT GOT TO OUR TABLE?
Francis already told us they were having this kind of trouble from the kitchen all day.
I really like Red Robin, but this is the second time I've had bad service at this location.
Never again.
Next time I'll go to Chevy's across the walk way.

There is really nothing special about this place.
There's a wide selection of burgers and drinks but I think even In-N-Out is better and they have less variety.
Service was ok. My food wasn't even hot when I got it.

So, I should preface this with sharing the fact that I used to work at Red Robin (for 5 years) and I was a trainer (both in store and on a regional level).
It's been awhile since I've gone to a Red Robin, so either the company model has fallen to the wayside, or my experience today was a fluke.
Either way it was unacceptable.
My friend and I went, and upon walking in there were 2 employees talking at the host stand..when the Hospo (host) finally acknowledged us, it wasn't with a warm greeting, it was mere eye contact, and dull at that.
Sensing a disconnect, I piped up with "There's 2 of us Please.
"  He took us to our seats, sat us and told us in a monotone voice that "your waitress would be right with you.
"  I know it's not a big deal..but at Red Robin, branding is everything..and the wait staff is referred to as "Servers".
But whatever.
Expected the 30 second greet, I was disappointed,  but I remembered what it was like for me sometimes, so I shrugged that off.
Though we did sit there for a good 5 minutes.
Long enough to go back and forth on which burger to order and what to have as a side, etc.
The server finally got over to us (I kick myself for not remembering her name..I think it was Mitzy or something uncommon.
She was on the older side, Caucasian, brownish hair.
)  She was pleasant enough at first.
So we ordered our drinks and placed our food order.
Since it was my friends birthday, she informed the server that she had a credit for a free birthday burger in case it mattered either way.
The server didn't offer any birthday wishes, but instead seemed kind of blah about having us at her table with that new information.
Having been a server for this company that (used to) basically bend over backwards for the guest, I was surprised, but again, whatever.
It's important (and only fair) that I mention that she was never outright RUDE.
Our food comes, she brings us additional napkins and topped off my iced tea.
At that point I looked around at all the servers to note the collective disposition:  only 1-2 seemed happy or at least GOOD at faking a sense of happiness.
The rest seemed a range from blah to outright angst at having to be there.
The bill comes and the server leaves it without asking for the Loyalty card that had my friends free bday burger credit on it.
I get that perhaps her memory isn't incredibly sharp, so I can't hold that against her.
We put the card in with the extra payment for our drinks, etc.
She comes, takes it, and brings it back.
It's only as shes turning to walk away from the table do we hear a "thanks" in a monotonous tone.
The change was $2 (on a $20 bill discounted down to $7) so that's what we left.
*shrugs*  I didn't feel that she did anything to deserve more.
The final straw of this decision was that she never once said a simple "Happy Birthday" to my friend, even after it was mentioned in the beginning and, of course, when she ran the promotional credit for the bday burger.
Essentially she treated us like we were going to be a waste of her time/not tip well, so I had no issue helping her to fulfill her own self-made prophesy  :-)

Friendly and quick service.
Food is ok... the only thing good about this place is that there is unlimited fries with your meal.

I was killing time while my Toyota car was being serviced at the nearby Sansone's Independent Automotive - Henderson, NV dealership so I was able to shop around the malls and eat a sitdown meal.
I chose to eat at Red Robin because I had eaten Mexican food the day before (the other option I saw for sitdown service was a Mexican restaurant across the way).
I don't know why others on here gave bad service reviews because my service was fast and the waiter was very friendly; and this was new years eve when the entire Galleria mall in Henderson was busy with shoppers.
I ordered the Whiskey River BBQ Burger with a side of ranch dressing and found it very delicious.
I honestly ordered this because I liked the ingredients and I pulled up my yelp app to find a decent review of what to grab at the restaurant.
I was thoroughly satisfied with my visit here.

Me and my wife went here on Super Bowl Sunday.
The place was empty!
We waited at the host stand a good ten minutes before the customer behind us got frustrated and went to get somebody who was more busy reprimanding people than helping us get seats as she looked our way.
The woman came over and sat us at a table.
We waited another ten minutes and never got acknowledged by anyone.
We were hoping to at least place a drink order but no one ever came.
We finally decided the wait was too long since we were starving and headed to the mall food court and had the best gyros from kyklos greek cafe.
This is the second time this has happened to us at this location.
I wrote the company about our situation and have yet to hear a response.
Not that I care since I wont go back there.
The burgers are great here but I dont see fit in this economy to drop $10.00 for a burger plus drink and receive bad service when IN-N-OUT is right across the parking lot!
DONT GO HERE IF YOU WANT GOOD SERVICE!
SERIOUSLY!

We've been eating at this location on and off for a number of  years and lately, it has been less and less often because of the problems with service.
We ate here yesterday, ironically using a gift card given to us a few months back by the manager due to horrible service that time.
It doesn't seem to be any one thing that goes wrong - there is a just a general sense of this restaurant never being organized.
If the service is speedy, the kitchen is slow.
If the kitchen is fast, the food runners let food sit in the window.
Or some combo thereof.
The food is decent for a chain burger joint and we like the flexibility of the veggie burgers since we don't eat meat.
However, Red Robin isn't the only place we can get a veggie burger.
I really wish this restaurant could get everything together!

BANZI BURGER!!
Your taste buds will THANK YOU!!

Everyone at this location is absolutely incredible, but the last time we went, our service was OUTSTANDING.
Our waitress was Nicole and she took such amazing care of us.
She was so sweet and attentive.
We had been having an awful day, and her amazing attitude and smile just made it so much better.
Thank you, Nicole, for your amazing service!

Ate here today with the family.
We were sat promptly and had to wait a little for a server.
The manager noticed this quickly and got on it and resolved the issue before we had to ask.
Our server Steph was great and attended to us with professionalism.
We have not been to this Red Robin in years and plan to continue to come back when in the neighbor hood.
Overall impressed.
Had the BLTA croissant for the first time.
Could use a little more avocado but I enjoyed it.
I recommend this restaurant.

Red Robin is and always will be a mediocre hamburger restaurant with a variety of appetizers.
The entire menu is burgers, that's their thing.
I guess you also have to mention they have the speckled lemonades and decent iced tea as well.
My last venture to Red Robin was because I was out with a friend in Henderson and we needed a place to grab lunch.
Well, I hadn't been to Red Robin in awhile so we figured hey why not.
We arrived a bit after lunchtime so the place was pretty dead.
We were seated fairly promptly and the service was good.
Our waiter didn't mess up our order, he checked up on us, etc.
I ordered a chicken sandwich.
Honestly I can't even remember the name, but it was of the grilled variety.
The only thing I can really say about it is I did not enjoy the super white breaded bun it came on.
I just think I've become used to better slices of bread.
I've become spoiled by other places I suppose.
My friend ordered a chicken sandwich as well and I believe hers had some pineapples on it.
Their large steak fries were tasty and add a bit of variety to the meal.
The waiter also asked us if we would like certain types of sauces to dip the fries in, which was nice of him.
Overall the food was okay, the service was very nice and competent, the restaurant was clean, and so was the bathroom.
They do have a bar at the back of this location.
I didn't realize that came standard with Red Robin, but hey, it does.
Would I be back?
Hmmm.
Possibly.
But there are a lot of better places to get a burger in Vegas.

My husband and I had the classic cheeseburgers.
We were there about 1 PM and the place was almost empty, which is not a good sign.
We substituted the coleslaw for fries.
When the waitress noticed at we were not eating the slaw, she offered to bring us fries.
This was nice.
They were okay, not great.
I wasn't happy that when I held the burger and noticed that the bread was cold.
Toasting or warming the bun should be customary, otherwise, why am I buying a burger when I can make a better one at home?
Good thing that the bill was less than $30.
We will not come again.
Was it a disaster?
No, but a return visit, I don't think so.

Red Robin...what can I say?
Despite being a chain, they really have some of the best burgers in town.
Our waitress from last week was so friendly.
She kept our drinks filled, brought us fries before our food was brought out, and had our check ready when asked.
They have new burgers that are less expensive and make your burger, your own.
Yum!

Today, a good friend and I came to Red Robin for a light meal.
I've always loved their burgers but today we were looking for a salad.
The place was busy!
Good thing there was ample space, we got seated right away.
I enjoy the open concept that this place offers.
There's pictures everywhere and the wooden panels show character.
The server on the other hand, was really not impressionable at all.
I even forgot his name and I literally left about 20 minutes ago!
Today I got the Southwest Grilled Chicken Salad for $10.19.
As said on their menu, this dish includes ancho-grilled chicken breast, avocado slices and fresh-fried jalapeño chips on top of crisp greens.
I added the salsa-ranch dressing on the side.
This salad is finished with diced red and green bell peppers and onions, black beans, roasted corn, cheddar cheese and crunchy tortilla strips.
This salad was good!
The chicken was flavorful and juicy.
I greens and tortilla strips really offered some great texture.
I also enjoyed the fried jalapeño chips.
It was the right kind of bad that I needed LOL.
Everything together really made the dish a southwestern masterpiece!
I will definitely be back for more!

The food is great altho I never sit down and eat.
I always take my food to go.
I give this place five stars plus an extra 5.
I can find healthy choices :) The salad is good huge chicken slices and veggies after you eat here you wont be hungry.
I love that each and everytime you order you must wait thats because they cook the food to order.
Can you say good hot food?!
When you need a snack its a great place to get something.
I gave it five stars so you know the place is clean and the staff are just wonderful.

Though it was my first time to Red Robin, overall the restaurant left me with a good impression!
My friends and I came after an exam and it was close to where our school is.
Also, got some shopping done since it is inside the Galleria Mall!
Right when we entered, the service was quick and our server was really nice.
The waiter came around multiple times throughout checking in when we needed refills on drinks and french fries.
I had ordered the Burnin Love burger hearing from my friend that it was really good.
And he was right!
Though Burnin Love consist of fried jalapeno circle rings, it did not make the heat too spicy or ruin my taste buds.
Rather, it gave a smokey taste in the burger.
I usually can tolerate spicy really well, so that may be the reason as well.
In addition, the burger is really filling!
And the portion is decent!
The seasoning that is available to be placed on your fries, be sure to try it!
I love the dry spice seasoning, I never thought about such an idea!
It made the fries have an explosion of flavors in your mouth.
In addition, our server also brought us two sauces, ranch and a mustard poppy-seed one.
Mustard poppy-seed was a new sauce for me, however, it was pretty good.
If you are into a sweeter sauce, that one is a definite to try!
I was very satisfied with the service and the food here.
Definitely will come back again.

Oktoberfest Burger - Hated it!
No bueno.
Burger is advertised as fire grilled beef I didn't see any grill marks whatsoever.
Neither did it tasted like it was grilled.
The patty had a mushy texture and the temperature was luke warm.
For the record this particular location is a hit and miss for the family.
The chicken fingers gets fist bumps from my kids and my husband.
This past visit though was not so great for me.
I don't like to elaborate on service, but poor service sets a negative tone for my dining experience.
Poor service can make good food taste bad.
So that's part of the reason why my order didn't taste so good to me.
Our hostess seated us right away.
Waited for our server whose name I won't mention because I don't want to single her out.
She acknowledged us with a "be right with you" wave from across the bar but that was only after a few minutes had gone by when we made eye contact.
Waited another few minutes, another server came by and took our drink and food order.
Finally our food came, yet a different server, not the one assigned to us.
The the person in our party who ordered his entree with the bottomless fries never had a chance to get his basket refilled.
The original server that was assigned to our table came towards the end of the meal to ask how we were doing and if I needed a box for my burger that I hardly touched.
So yes I needed a box and the check please.
Yet another server came with the box.
Our server came a few minutes later and presented the check though.
So we dealt with her only twice during the 50 minutes we were there.
There's no excuse why she couldn't handle the tables herself.
The place wasn't busy and her area only had 3 other customers that she was waiting on.
I only came here out of convenience sakes anyways.
That's what it has going for it, it's one of two sit down full service restaurants in the mall.
I label it  "the wont go out of the way" to come here kind of place.

Super friendly service!
I give the food a solid 3 stars and the service a 5 therefore we end up with a 4.
We arrived at lunch time and were promptly greeted by who I presume was the manager.
The place wasn't too busy but pretty full.
This location is located inside the Galleria Mall and it is surprisingly spacious inside.
I went with the Guacamole Burger on a jalapeño kaiser roll.
You also get bottomless fries but honestly, what they serve is plenty!
The burger was ok and for the price I expected a bit more.
I'd definitely go back and glad I popped my Red Robin cherry!

Had a bit of a hiatus from writing reviews.
Needed to clear my head a bit because as you know this is very important and soul crushing work.
Well so begins review-a-thon 2012!
I've been to this Red Robin several times over the years, back in the day it was a regular stop on Galleria Mall shopping trips.
Since the Internet has nearly completely taken over my life and I don't have a need for such a thing as a "shopping mall" I rarely find myself there anymore.
Somehow, someway it's become a meeting place for a group of friends of mine lately when we've all been in that area, so here goes:  I've got to say that years ago Red Robin was probably my favorite Burger joint in Las Vegas with the exception of In N Out.
At that point all that I really knew was fast food burgers, so RR was always a breath of fresh air from those.
Well times have changed, and much like my Motorola RAZR in comparison to my iPhone, RR's burgers have taken a backseat to newer, sexier models of burger that I can get from places like Bachi, Fuku, or one of the 50 burger places that opened in the last 12 hours.
That being said, Robin still puts out a decent quality product for my money.
The beer is cold, the ingredients usually taste fresh, service is generally friendly and I'd be remiss not to mention the bottomless steak fries that you get with every order.
My favorite is probably the Burnin Love because jalapenos and burgers are one of my preferred combinations.
Ultimately I wouldn't recommend seeking out a Red Robin if you're craving a burger and are near one of the Bachi locations or even an In N Out, but if you find yourself trapped in the Build a Bear Workshop, Hot Topic, Abercrombie and Fitch or some other shopping mall clone at the Galleria one day and you don't feel like Sbarro, Red Robin might be worth a go.

I went in to Red Robin tonight because it was "Jim Day"  to promote the return of the Jim Beam burger and my name just happens to be James.
I walked over to the bar and the bartender Amanda came over right away and took my order.
The free burger didn't come with fries, but they were offered to me so I added them on.
I also ordered a beer while I waited for my food.
The burger and fries came out pretty fast and was delivered with ranch as well, which is always nice to not have to ask for.
Amanda checked on me shortly after it came out to see if I needed anything.
While I enjoyed my meal, the manager (didn't catch his name) who was working on various things said hello several times and asked me how the food was and called me by name (apparently he had been told I was taking them up on the free burger promo).
Overall I found the staff to be very pleasant and I actually felt like they were glad I participated in the promo and appreciated me coming in as opposed to being treated like a freeloader who just came in for a cheap meal.
To be honest, I'm not a huge fan of the food at Red Robin, the burgers are good and the fries are okay, but I keep coming back to this location because the staff has always been consistently pleasant at this location.
5/5 for service, 4/5 for food, rounding up because I was treated right.
Will definitely be returning.

Ok, so everything was fine until we got our food.
The restaurant was completely dead and once the food was delivered our server dropped off our check and said, "No hurry, I am not going anywhere"  then a few minutes later came to take plates that we were still working on.
We had to tell him to chill out that we were still working on our food since we just received it!
After we were finally finished with our plates he had the nerve to ask " did you save room for dessert?
"  I responded "even if we did, it is too late for you because you already printed our check 20 minutes ago, so you lose"   I could be wrong, but I thought at Red Robin, they were suppose to bring you an unlimited amount of fries?
We only received about 12 with our plates and no more!!
It was almost like the fry Nazi was working in the kitchen tonight!
Upon our exit, when I mentioned to the host who asked "How were things?
"  I responded "eh"  she asked what was wrong and when I mentioned the fries as we were outside of the restaurant she responded "would you like more fries?
"  Um kind of too late for that right?
We are already on our way to our vehicle.
The food on the other hand was great!!
I like how they finally changed the menu up to get more options, I am also happy that they no long serve your food in those crazy little baskets.
I did eat at one on Eastern, the service there is always amazing, I will only go to that one from now on.

Filthy & horrible management.
Used to be a regular here and came here on New Years Day to be severely disappointed.
Dirty silverware & dirty table bussing.
Ordered our usual burgers and first came out ice cold.
Had them remake food and still warm after observing numerous servers ignore standing food orders allowing it to get cold.
We informed the manager "Ryan" and he just smiled with a condescending attitude.
He waited for us to request an adjustment to be made instead of offering.
This place obviously needs new management and a health inspection.

It's been a LONG time since I've been to one and I wasn't expecting too much since the only thing I recalled was liking the lemonade and bottomless fries.
Anyway, Ruben and I met up with a couple of friends on a busy Sunday afternoon.
They were thoughtful enough to mention to our server that I would be looking for Vegetarian eats, so I was given the allergy binder (yeah, no information for Vegetarians, just FYI).
I ordered the Bacon Guacamole Burger with a substitution of a Gardenburger® and removed the bacon and mayo.
I did indulge in the bottomless fries, but was really disappointed that you're given less than ten fries to start.
Seriously?
I know it's unlimited, but give people a nice amount and maybe you won't have multiple orders of more fries.
Our server was really great though and I asked her to bring us more as soon as we got our orders (this took a while, but like I mentioned, it was busy).
I liked the Gardenburger® (first time trying it, but I had done research between this and Boca Burgers; I like the idea of vegetables in a patty form rather than soy meat) and the guacamole was okay.
There was barely any flavor and the vegetables were blah (the shredded lettuce was sad).
The bun was all right, a tad dry.
Overall, not pleased.
The fries were disappointing too!
I remember them being so much better too.
I know they're probably just from a frozen bag, but it was not cooked well (WAY too oily) and the Red Robin Seasoning I remember enjoying was just meh too.
Anyway, I thought maybe I didn't enjoy my burger since it was a "healthy" version, however, I took a bite of Ruben's Burnin' Love Burger and it was just okay.
He, not being as picky as I am, thought everything was just okay as well.
My verdict?
That was my last time dining there.
Nothing phenomenal and with so many awesome burger joints in the valley, you can absolutely get something more for your money (and for just a couple dollars more).
Notes: this location is in Galleria Mall near the front, main entrance off Sunset.

I hadn't been to a Red Robin for a while and remembered really liking it (as far as a chain burger is concerned).
When my husband asked me to meet him there for lunch after he and his daughter were done shopping, I readily agreed.
Big Mistake.
Filthy.
Really disgustingly dirty.
There were plates and food on tables that was there before we got there and was still there when we left over an hour later.
Our waitress spilled some iced tea on the table and the floor next to us while she was pouring.
I'm going to guess 4 oz or so.
No big deal - it happens...
But then, she didn't clean it up.
We were probably there another 20-30 min after the tea... there was still a puddle on the floor.
Miserable service.
I got there last & my husband had asked the server to bring me water so it would be on the table when I got there.
That was there... but she never refilled it or asked me if I wanted anything else.
I wanted a soda - but never had the opportunity to order it.
My husband had also asked before I got there, when I sat down and again when we ordered, if we could have a basket of fries as a starter (we ordered burgers, so it was part of our food).
They didn't get there until the rest of our order got there.
I was there over 30 min before we got food - he'd been there almost 10 min before me.
40 min.
And it wasn't particularly busy.
There were a few groups at tables, but at 3pm on a Sunday - the place was over 50% empty.
We weren't checked on, even after we had issues with the food (see below).
Mediocre (at best) Food.
When we finally did get food, it was mediocre at best.
My fries were ice cold.
They felt like they'd been sitting under the AC duct for a while.
I actually refused them because they were so cold.
My burger was passably warm and not particularly tasty.
It wasn't horrible, but it wasn't wasn't great.
I could make something better at home.
My husband's burger was even less warm than mine.
He said it was ok, but would have probably been tasty if it was warm.
His daughter had a turkey sandwich and soup.
She says hers was excellent.... so 1/3 of the party was happy.
I will not be going back to this location for any reason.

The first time I was there the food was great but the service was horrible.
Our server never smiled only came to our table twice and it was not busy at all.
I got a mai tai oh yeah was loaded the best I have had in a long time.
So since it wasn't bad we stopped by again giving all places a second chance to redeem themselves.
as soon as we walked on the door we told the greeter we wanted the best server or we are not coming back she said then I will seat you with victor.
I have to say it was the best service I have had in a long time he even talked me into dessert to take home and well I don't do that often.
He had a great smile and was very patient when I couldnt make up my mine, even brought us extra ranch for our fries without us asking.
I would suggest victor next time you go in.
Food has always been great!

Two words: campfire sauce.
(If you say any two words to your server during the whole meal... just say those.
He or she will know what you're talking about and will oblige.
)  Came with my friends for lunch and they introduced me to this heavenly mayo/bbq sauce mix - I'm hooked!
But besides that delicious little treat added to my never-ending fries, the service was good and the restaurant is clean.
My burger was delicious.
Prices are decent and you'll get a free burger around your birthday if you sign up for their rewards card.
This is a good option for a chain restaurant.
I'm going to put it in the "rotation".

My family and I will pass the red robin on silverado ranch just to come to this one!
The customer service is spot on.
We always have full drinks, waiter/waitress' happy to see we brought our son, hot and fast service!!
Our last trip we had genie as our waitress!
This girl alone is worth every penny spent here!
She was very friendly, happy and efficient!
Menu is unique and delicious!!
Price is average cost of any family restaurant.

Dirty, dirty, dirty and NOT a happy camper.
) Our waitress Laura was great.
Let it be know I'm not taking this review out on her.
Service was good but after we placed our order it took them 30 minutes to get out two burgers.
When our food arrived our french fries were cold.
I sent them back and got a fresh basket...finally warm food.
) There were tons of orders just sitting under the heat lamps but weren't getting to their tables.
I observed some orders sitting under the lamps for 20+ minutes.
Do you not have food runners?
Unacceptable.
Especially when I see a staff of over 20 people running around the restaurant but no one picking up food.
) This place is filthy.
My wrapped silverware was dirty and had pieces of food baked on it.
Wait thats not all, here's the cherry on top- as I'm waiting 30 minutes for my food to come out, I turned my attention to the expediter.
I observed this young girl, wearing a hat but with bangs hanging in her face with no gloves on.
She was lifting up the bun and patty on every order that came out to see what the order was (I'm pretty sure that's what the tickets are for) and then she'd take her hand, push her bangs out of her face or play with her hair and then go back to touching the burgers.
Are you kidding me?
I asked for a manager so I could express my concerns to him and a gentleman named Ryan came over.
He didn't seem that concerned with what I was telling him.
After seeing the disgust on my face, he got up, told her to wash her hands and then put gloves on.
It did no good though because then she just started playing with her hair again WITH the clean gloves on.
Needless to say, I will not be giving this establishment, who serves mediocre food at best, my business again.
And based on other reviews of this restaurant, I will be placing a call to the SNHD.
Disappointing and absolutely appalling!

I happened to be in the mall of all places while on vacation in Vegas.
Decided to pop in and relax while I had a little lunch - seeing how shopping can really drain your energy as well as your wallet.
I know what you're thinking - Red Robin?
There's a TON of great places to eat in Vegas - why the hell would you end up there?
Well- I was craving a great burger, and I needed one FAST.
This RR is probably just like all the other RRs you've ever walked into in your entire life.
I was seated in a small table near the window, looking into the busy Galleria mall.
After checking out the menu, I decided on a "Keep it Simple" plain burger.
The server apologized for the longish wait and took my order.
It took what I thought was a long time for my food to finally arrive - but I was pleased with both the quality and how large my burger was.
I wasn't in a big hurry, so the wait didn't really bother me.
If you're in the mood for a gourmet burger, check out RR in the Galleria mall.
I'd like to explore the menu and try different burgers the next time I'm there.
3 outta 5 stars from me - worth checking out if you're in the area.

The restaurant GM has contacted me based on my review here on Yelp & me posting on Twitter about my experience.
Although she was kind and has assured me that these unsanitary conditions will be rectified, I will still not be dining at this establishment.
I do however appreciate her phone call.

Great for families!
Kids can get a balloon.
Delicious burgers!

Its a burger and fries kind of place.
I like the food and it is located in the mall which gives you another option other then the food court.
But that's just it.
Its ok.

Good burgers and sandwiches.
I've been to this location a handful of times and it has been satisfactory every time.

Had to come get my free birthday burger with my family.
I had the Whiskey River BBQ burger.
It was a nice size and the fries were good as usual.and we had good prompt service even though they were really busy that day.

We tried to call in a to-go order twice and we were placed on hold for 5 minutes one time and 4 minutes the second time.
By this point we had already made it to the restaurant so decided to just go in and place the order.
It was pretty simple.
1 avo-cobo salad.
After a 40 minute wait we finally got the salad (which had been sitting for awhile).
So of course we spoke with the manager who in turn gave us an apology and a $20 gift card.
Mind you, we'd already paid for the salad ($11.77) so it wasn't much of a GIFT considering it wouldn't even cover the cost of a new salad after the difference.
Nonetheless, we were happy with the offer and went home to eat.
Opened the salad... And the lettuce was wilted and filled with water in the bottom of the container.
I called back in to speak with the manager who was kind enough to put in a rush order for not only 1 but 2 new salads and said to still keep the gift card.
Thanks, Jim!
The only decent part about our red robin experience was the manager who did his best to remedy the issue.

Have been to several Red Robins in the past, and been generally happy with them, but tonight's experience was an exception.
When we arrived at the restaurant it was not busy at all, there were only 7 tables of diners, and about 9 servers working.
We were promptly seated and the first of several servers came to our table.
Now I don't mind when restaurants are training new staff, but when you're training, keep an eye on what's going on.
The whole dinner was like the keystone kops with this server taking our order, then the very next server asking if we'd like to order, with another server trying to handle their reward card services.
It was crazy.
Another thing that annoys me is that when you ask if we're members of your loyalty club, pay attention!
After being asked four times if I was a member one of the servers finally took my membership number to check my account.
Of course since I set my account up the day previously, the restaurant could not access my newly created account.
However, they did honor my birthday burger offer even though they couldn't access my account.
We ordered a raspberry shake first since my wife had a reward offer for a free shake and it was terrific!
I highly recommend their shakes!
We also ordered 2 cokes that were mostly ice, however refills are free...it just takes a long time to get the refill once your glass is empty.
We ordered 2 bowls of the french onion soup and an order of pretzel bites.
We received 2 CUPS of the soup with the pretzel bites.
Oh well, not a big deal, and cheaper anyways.
Soup was okay, but nothing special.
The pretzel bites were awful, definitely skip them as they were a huge let-down.
Basically flavorless oily dough balls with watery cheese sauce - yuck!
Also, we were served our food with no utensils (except spoons) and no napkins.
As my wife and I are sitting at the table with oily hands from the pretzel bites looking for the napkins, she grabbed a couple out of her purse for us to use!
Another fail.
We each ordered the bacon cheeseburgers, mine plain and medium, my wife's thru the garden and done.
We waited...and waited...and waited for the burgers.
My wife said that there was a lot of food orders under the heat lamps in the kitchen, and when I turned around I could see quite a few dinners waiting on the line.
With 7 tables being utilized and 9 servers food should not be waiting to be brought out.
Of course when our burgers arrived our fries were cold and our burgers were warm.
Had my burger not been free, I would have sent ours back to the kitchen, but I was hungry and just wanted to eat.
The burgers were very flavorful, but of course I got the done burger and my wife got the medium...another fail.
Also, don't most restaurants clean before or after being open?
I have a problem when I'm waiting for my NOW COLD food and three servers are breaking a bar down to dust and cleaning the walls and light fixtures.
Can't that be done when it's not going to rain dust down on me, my table, and MY FOOD!
Good grief!
Howbout instead of cleaning, the servers oh, I don't know, SERVE THE FOOD, CLEAR THE TABLES, AND REFILL DRINKS!
Anyways, I got the bill, and of course it was wrong.
I had to remind the server that the shake was a free one.
She was able to correct the problem quickly and we paid and left.
I can say that I will NOT be going back to this Red Robin, and I'm also going to answer their survey right now.

Good all around American food and specialty burgers.
Reasonably priced, interesting 'beer shakes' and other interesting delicacies.

WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE !!!
I would rather eat at McDonald's then eat there again!
I've been there twice and both times it was the worst ever !!!!
Never going back!
I'll take my money else where !

Mall l, but I desperately need a beer break from school shopping.
And since I was there, I had to have a burger.
Not the best burger in town, but an acceptable alternative when out shopping

The food was pretty good but the service left much to be desired.
We waited much longer than we were told to be seated.
We were taken to our table and had to wait while the server cleaned off our table.
Once we ordered, we waited a long time to receive our food despite the fact that the restaurant was not full.
The server spilled my milkshake and did not offer me a new one and also got my friend's chicken salad order wrong.
In addition, the restroom was filthy and the trash was overflowing.
This was a pretty disappointing experience as Red Robin is usually clean and efficient.

9 minutes to get sitted 1.30 minutes for service Waitress has provided me really good service.
So far.
(Waitress name carlos) Total was 15.44 Really good price Loved the experience

Well I really like the improvements they made here.
Last visit the menu was just a two sided laminated card.
Now the extensive menu is a mini booklet.
New drinks.
Some new appetizers too.
Still I wasn't impressed with the new signature burger that is being marketed.
Pepper & Smoke.
Smoked sea salt, smoke and pepper ketchup black pepper bacon.
Ciabatta bread.
Sounds awesome!
Good combo of ingredients!
Sadly execution wise the handmade Angus Beef burger was a fail here.
I didn't taste a hint of pepper or smoky flavor at all.
Now that I think back on it could be they gave me the wrong order since it resembled more like a bbq burger with fried onions and bbq sauce.
Either way though, the patty was dry and no flavor.
I really liked the service though this time around.
The side of  Yukon potato chips and onion dip is pretty good and I like the price points for the sides 3,5 and 7 dollars.
So maybe I'll just keep this place in mind for happy hour.

I am truly pleased to see this place running so efficiently.
Our server, Brian, was excellent-very attentive.
Our food was great.
My burger was perfectly cooked which is rare.
It's usually too dry or too bloody, but it was done to perfection this time.
The place is cleaner than most and the management must be new or something.
They've really stepped it up at this location.
Really enjoyed having lunch with my niece here.

The worst service experience I have had in years tonight.
No refills and finally had to go and ask for my check.

We were seated at a table quickly.
We were given a highchair, and I of course, whipped out our daughter's baby wipes, to wipe down the table.
(she is teething, so anything she sees, and she's like a bottom fish)  I wish I would have taken a picture, because after I was done wiping, there was my hand print, a dark grey out line on the baby wipe........Are you kidding me?
The girl came around and took our order, we ordered, wedge salad, a prime rib dip, and a burger.
salad came out, it was good.
Manager walks around (or at least attempts to) in pretty woman looking boots...Making her rounds, but mostly joking around with staff.
We wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, and wait for our food.
Booties (manager) comes over and asks how we enjoyed our dinner...We then informed her that we hadn't eaten yet.
She goes back and "checks".
Waitress, and booties (manager) tell us separately that it will be "one minute", or that it's "next up".
Whatever that means.
Food comes, and it's decent, worth the wait I suppose.
PLEASE, CLEAN YOUR TABLES PROPERLY!

Bottomless fries, strawberry lemonade, and fruit salad.
sure why not?
I haven't gone to Red Robin for over three years and I finally decided to come back again.
Food (3) I ordered the Whiskey River, BBQ Chicken wrap a few weeks ago.
I was pretty excited to try this entree and it was okay.
I wish there was a little more sauce in it and the wrap was really dry and hard.
It didn't taste fresh like it should be.
In addition I tried a Baja-Turkey sandwich Club.
Please do NOT order this.
It tasted horrible, the sauce that they mixed with the sandwich did not compliment the turkey club the way it should be.
I was hungry, so I kept eating it.
However, the more I ate it the more the sandwich started to taste gross and the sauce makes the bread pretty soggy.
Drinks: (3) I ordered the Bourbon Honey Lemonade, mmmh it reminds of something that you should drink if you have a cold or sore throat.
It was o-k, but not something I would ever order again.
Service (4) All the hostess and waiters/ess were all very friendly and super easy going.
Very attentive and they did a great job serving all the customers that they had in their restaurant.
Overall (3) Though the service was great and amazing, the food really lacks.

Honestly except for the service, I was really let down by my latest Red Robin experience.
While the staples were all still there such as the bottomless fries and strawberry lemonade, the Clucks (chicken strips) were sub par at best.
Not sure if they were left under the heat lamp to long or what but they were barely warm at best.
Also, being that I ordered them buffalo style, I am used to them drowning them in hot sauce but this time it looks like they barely dipped them on one side only.
Lydia N's sandwich while good in theory came out soggy and with a funky tasting sauce that just didn't seem to compliment such as simple item.
See her review for what she ordered.
On the plus side though, they have a new drink menu with all sorts of infusions I would never dare try or even think to mix but somehow they managed to pull them all off quite well.
Plus our server was awesome which is what saved this place from the dreaded one star Yelp review.

Really slow service and ice cold food and the place wasn't busy.
Truly awful.
Food was sent back and a result  each entrée came back at different times.
I have never seen anything like this.
The manager took my wife's entree off the bill which was $60.00.
She received her entree after everyone else ate and it was still cold !
The Manager popped an attitude and said we are busy!
Only a handful of tables with patrons and servers standing around ?
It seems I got the kind of service Linda S reported in a earlier review .
This is the Red Robin at Galleria .
I should have read brad  T review , it seems we went the same night !

Very slow service, had to get our own drink refills.
Bathrooms were in need if cleaning.
But the food was great.

We've been to Red Robin countless times, but since my daughter now has to be on a gluten-free diet, we weren't sure we would be able to visit as a family.
It turns out that this location has a special menu available - including a gluten free bun!
The waiter was very helpful and we had a good time.

I'm briefly breaking my rule about reviewing chains simply because the service at this particular location is always top of the line.
The crew always smiles and seems to legitimately enjoy their work location, and takes good care of us while we dine but not in an intrusive way.
That makes me happy.
That is all; carry about your business, good Yelper.

Gourmet Burgers?!?!
I think not.
In-N-Out makes a better burger and is half the price.

I went to red robin last night and had a classic bacon cheese burger , was not the best tasting in the world but I figured it's a chain restaurant what more should I expect .
It kinda tasted like a wopper from Burger King .
Long story short with n ten min I felt so sick my tummy was on fire I barley made it home to the bath room I will never go back again n life !!!!!!!
Worse ever

This is the last time I'm coming to this location.
I thought maybe after my last bad service visit that I would give it a go.
I asked to sit outside and they didn't have a server for us.
waited ten minutes and had ask the people on break to get some one, the patio was littered with trash on the tables just sitting there.
I like red robin but not this location.
Customer lost.

My prior review was 1 star about 60 days ago.
This time was remarkably better.
Server Deneice really knocked it out.
Kitchen runs a little slow there, so if they ever figure that out, they'll get to 5 stars

I usually have decent meals here at Red Robin.
The location is easy to find at the Galleria Mall.
It's located right off of Sunset and you can see their restaurant sign from the parking lot.
Since it's at the mall, it's usually pretty busy from open to close but I can usually get seated fairly quickly.
They do have tables in the bar area so you don't have to wait if you don't want to.
The menu is pretty huge with so much to choose from.
They have such a great selection of different burgers!
I always order medium rare and they do a good job with getting that right.
I have a love/hate relationship with their french fries.
I love them and hate that they are unlimited!
On my last visit I tried their sweet potato fries.
They bought out a huge side of them.
Unfortunately they weren't cooked long enough and almost like I was eating raw potatoes.
Strange.
I had to ask them to cook more.
Hopefully that doesn't happen on a consistent basis.
I will note that their kitchen seems to take longer than most places to prepare your meals.
Maybe that's why I get appetizers since I'm waiting a while.
Customer service here is really hit and miss.
You can get a really upbeat waiter/waitress one day but the next they are a downer.
I do, however, realize on a regular basis the servers don't really come back to the tables as often as they should.
Drinks do go empty and I'm always looking around for them to get the check.
In my opinion there are better places for burgers with better service.
I keep holding out hope they will improve.

I've got to be in the mood for burgers, but when I am..
This place is "alright".
The only reason why I came here for lunch was due to the fact that I work in Henderson along with me and my friend getting some shopping done at Galleria Mall.
Otherwise, if that weren't the case I would not have opted for lunch here.
The burger selection is alright at best.
I guess I can say I'm only a fan of theirs due to their bottom-less basket of fries with additional Red Robin seasoning - YUM!
Their shakes are pretty deliciously as well, but this is a burger joint.
You don't go to a steak house for their mashed potatoes, right?
Same thing here: you don't go to a burger joint for their fries and shakes.
I can say that my waitress was a doll and was constantly checking up on us.
I'm a big fan on excellent customer service, which is probably why she got a decent tip from both of us.
To sum it up, if I'm in the mood for some delicious fries and a good shake then I'll come here.
If I'm in the mood for a good burger, I'll head elsewhere.

went yesterday afternoon (5/7/2014) to this location.
my fiance took me here because i wanted to try something new and this literally was my VERY first time EVER going to a Red Robins and probably my last because the service I received was just that horrible.
the restaurant was pretty slow so we got there and waited to be seated.
which took much longer than usual considering how dead it was at this time of day.
the server (i believe his name was Tye) did not even greet us, instead just escorted us to our table with a very unfriendly and unapproachable attitude.
when he did take our orders, he just seemed like he hated his job; his tone was very monotonous, straight forward and very rushed with no eye contact whatsoever as if he was talking to the wall next to our booth.
as much as we thought he hated his job, the crazy thing was when he want in the back towards the kitchen with the other employees, he was cracking jokes and having what looked like  a really good time with his co-workers, but as soon as he stepped back into server mode, he seemed miserable.
I will say the food was pretty good, hence the one star, but we did rush to eat and regrettably had no dessert because we just wanted to leave; it was that unpleasant, and we honestly took it very personal.
this was my VERY FIRST review, and I never do this, but the service there to me was that unpleasant to break that chain!

Great onion rings tower my favorite!!!
Plus a waitress name Brooke is awesome to me and my family yesterday.
She is in training and be upfront, I couldn't tell at all if she was new.
I was very please to have her as my waitress!!!
Thank you for hiring a great person (Brooke).
Thank you, Jayson Wells

Always get good service.
I love there food and drinks.
The staff is friendly the price is reasonable with bottomless fries and drinks.

Back to 1 star.
I walk in and it's a couple of minutes wait, ok fine.
Two more couples come in.
A complete idiot manager (not the gals currently hosting) comes up and seats the last couple to come in.
I'm pissed.
Completely insincere apology.
We leave.
If you are going to use an iPad to check in people use the fucking thing to check whom to seat.

Food good but service slow and when I went to the bathroom the bus girl took my shopping bags away!
I was solo and left my bags while running to pee and they were taken!
She apologized and said "thought you left" but it freaked me out!
I was gone less than 3 mins!
Wow.
Burger yummy and made quickly!
Low review due to scare as it killed my experience.
Watch bags when visiting!

Good food !
Jesus is an excellent waiter and he is on top of his game.
We did not need to ask for anything

Never thought I would differentiate between Red Robins, but there really are differences!
I greatly prefer the RR out near Summerlin.
This location is a bit difficult to get to with all the mall construction, but if you're looking for it from the inside it's in the middle of the upper level.
LOVE the bottomless fries!
Had the California Chicken sandwich, and should have paid more attention because bacon, mayo, and avocado is really overkill on the same sandwich.
Ended up ditching the mayo-soaked bottom bun - we're not counting calories on vacation, but damn!
Decided to grab a couple drinks, and I wouldn't recommend the Long Island - ironically it tasted pretty much like a virgin mocktail, and had about the same effect.
The Blue Moon shake is friggin' delicious, though, if you have room for some ice cream.
:-)   Service was alright - I feel like this location is putting a lot of pressure on their staff to upsell drinks and desserts.
Can't fault my server for that, so tone it down, management!
If I'm staying out in Henderson again, I'd return with a more selective eye.
The surrounding mall/shopping is great!

I love Red Robin back home in Washington, so of course I needed to find one down here.
For the most part, I enjoyed my experience here, but there were a few things that I found a little disappointing.
I went to the restaurant on a week night, so it was not really busy...when I walked in, the hostess was busy talking to another employee and did not acknowledge me, so I went to the bar area instead.
It took a little while for the bartender to see that I was there and get me a menu, but that was fine.
After giving me the menu it was like he forgot about me.
I ordered the Whiskey River BBQ Burger with the bottomless fries.
It tasted great; just like I expected.

