WHO: For all of you who love the art of yoga, whether you are in the beginning, intermediate, or advanced levels.
WHEN: You are able to do a 1-day trial, so give them a call and see what times are available!
WHERE: Located on Whitney Ranch in The Henderson area  WHAT: During the summer, I decided I wanted to take a summer yoga class at UNLV along with an anatomy class, which is where I met my yoga instructor.
This had been my first time taking yoga (my brother actually recommended me to try a class out to relieve my lower back pain)- SO I DID!
It was nice that my yoga instructor had asked each and every single person in the class if we had any injuries or pains prior to doing the yoga poses.
I let her know about my back pain and she taught me a few stretches to help the pain subside.
Within the month-long class, I had noticed my back to feel a little less painful, so I was pretty bummed that it was close to the end of class.
Mrs. Andrieu invited us to email her if we wanted to try any of her other classes outside of the campus, and this is where I ended up... All About Yoga!!
When I made it to class, it was a totally different atmosphere compared to the UNLV classes.
There were more people of the elderly population, which I thought was a pretty cool experience because they all looked like pros in their poses, and here I am...
The NUBIE!!
Aside from me rambling about my newfound passion for yoga, why don't you all give them a call and give it a try.
WARNING you may break a sweat!
Lol!
Namaste.

I'm so happy to have found this Yoga studio.
Their weekly schedule could be larger, but the amount of workshops they offer is unbelievable.
I've also taken 3 different teacher trainings over the last 10 years and the teacher training offered here is one of the most comprehensive I've seen in Las Vegas.
It's one of the only programs that lets you pay as you go and the instructors are some of the most highly qualified yoga professionals in town.
This studio has some of the highest quality teaching I have seen here in Las Vegas.
Love this place!

