Is there a more perfect quick meal than a grilled cheese, cherry limeade and tater tots?
All for less than $5?
I think not!

They sell the fast-food they don't seem to sell anywhere else.
I like the cherry limade and the cheese fries.
Also, they are fast and cheap.
When you feel like out-doing McDonald's but not really, this is a good place.

One good thing about Vegas is the wide variety of dining options.
And one of them is definitely Sonic Drive-In.
I go out of my way to find a Sonic (I have to,since there are none near the Strip).
Everything at Sonic is delicious.
I wish there were Sonics in Northern California, then I wouldn't feel obligated to visit one every time we're down here.

whenever i am in Vegas i stop at this particular Sonic location, not sure if its because of the late night specials or because its right by the Cannery but there is something sentimental about it.
Anyway; this is the only Sonic burger i know of that has late night whacky specials like 50 cent burgers or 50 cent corn dogs.
Its usually during certain times of the month and probably something that the franchise does on occassion but nonetheless, i have not seen any other Sonic Burger do it.
Recommended!!

I hated Sonic food in general.
The servers were nice and the food came quickly though.
Dont know what else you can expect.

I wanted a snack last night so I stopped by Sonic.
They have some tables outside so I ordered at the walk-up order station thing.
After 5 minutes of looking over the long ass menu, this is what I ordered:  Cheddar Peppers Jr. Fritos Chili Cheese Wrap Medium Fresh Fruit Slush - Strawberry  Total + tax= $6.03  Everything was good.
It was very entertaining watching the guy who brings out the food orders flying by on roller skates.
I wonder if he has ever fell and all the food goes flying...LOL  Drinks are half off between 2-4pm

I really don't like the food here it is soso and over priced.
Why eat this when In N Out is down the block.
However; the drinks are awesome and deserts are good tood.
Are you supposed to tip the help though?
I am undecided on this because if I am buying $4 in food shoud I give a $1?
I always feel mean mugged when I don't tip here.

Always excellent service and food at this location.

Happy hour 2-5pm Diet Cherry Limeade!
I love it!!!
So good!
Great service and love happy hour.
Def a stop all summer long!

Love their diet cherry limeade!!!
So refreshing for low cals!!!
Definitley a place to stop with these 100+ degree weather!!
Oh and if you love shakes... and chocolate oh an bananas.. try the choc.
banana shake!!
loveeeeeee it!

I always love Sonic's Slushies and dogs, since the new variety's came out I had been wanting to give them a try.
After a long night waiting at the airport and making multiple trips picking up a friend and parts of her family, I stopped here on the way home for a quick bite I had the Kicking' Coney with out chipotle BBQ Sauce and a cranberry slush.
My slush was excellent as usual but I must say that I prefer the regular old chili cheese coney dog!
I didn't care for the texture of the hot dog itself, service was great even though it was a really busy night they got it out as quick as they could.

It is 9:25 pm on Friday, December 23rd, 2011.
Whatever idiot you have working inside taking orders (hispanic woman) needs to get her sht straight.
I ordered a #1 on toast with a cherry strawberry SLUSH.
That does not mean put a bunch of crushed ice in a cup and pour a sour liquid on top of it.
I didn't order a fking limeade!!!
And why ask if we want ketchup, mayo & mustard if THERE'S NO FKING KETCHUP OR MUSTARD to speak of on the damn burger when I get it??!!
Fking idiots.
Monkeys would be a refreshing step up.

Just the fact that these guys are open 24 hours is already a plus in my book.
You can order anything on their menu whether its a breakfast burrito, hot dog, or hamburger.
I mean, isnt that how EVERY restaurant that's open 24/7 should be?
Most people come for the specials they have.
The most common one is happy hour which is from 2 to 5 pm.
Half price for all slush drinks!
At the time of this review, they were having half price milkshakes from 8 pm to midnight.
I think that's perfect especially if you ate dinner somewhere else and decided that a half priced milkshake would be good for dessert!
Their burgers are average.
The hot dogs are what I think actually taste better and there are more choices than their burgers.
Go figure.
The side items are more attractive than the main courses.
I tried the onion rings, cheddar peppers and chili cheese tots!
Loved it!
When you pull up to a Sonic location, you can either park at a station and eat what you order in your car, go to the drive thru, or park and sit at any one of the tables they have available.
Where you sit is also where you order.
The only thing that really annoys me is that the machine that takes your cards to pay does not seem to work more than half the time.
So you would have to hand your card over to your server when they come out with the food.
They would have to make an extra trip back to their main place to swipe your card, wait for the receipt, and then go back to your location to give you your card back.
Lame.
For mor info like their complete menu, go to their website: www.sonicdrivein.com

Love this Sonic, it's in a decent proximity of  my home.
The staff is always kind and the service is prompt.
I enjoy going here for their happy hours from 2-5 for the half price drinks and slushes!
The food is always hot and fresh, love the chili cheese coneys!
Their ice cream treats are also quite tasty.
It also helps that they're open 24hrs so you can satisfy any late night craving!

First of all, I usually do not review a FF restuarant unless the service great, service was poor, or I had exceptional experience.
This was actually the very first Sonic I've been to.
It was over 10 years ago and been to others since.
Always ordered through drive thru or walk up.
Today was the first time using the drive in.
I actually thought that this was pretty cool.
Just kick back, check out the menu, then order.
I didn't a spot for cash so I ended up using my debit.
In the years, I've tried almost everything on the menu and nothing really sets them apart.
But today, I had the Flatmelt Steak and Bacon.
This was surprising good.
Juicy pieces of steak mixed with bacon in a flatbread.
You can't go wrong.
Sonic didn't at least.
Had the tater tots.
Always have to get the tater tots when I come here.
If you chose the drive in to eat or order, your food is served to you via a roller blading waitress.
Open 24hours, but at night they place can get a bit dicey.
If I'm in the area, hungry, and looking for a quick bit....Sonic on Rancho is the place.

I love Sonic, but the food at this location isn't quite as good as others.
This location is not in the best area of town for you out-of-towners.
We did get fast service though.

half price shakes after 8pm, expect long wait times

We don't have a sonics back where I came from so when I drove up it reminded me of those car hops you see on tv.
I drove up to a stall and pushed the button and waited for someone to take my order.
After 5 minutes of waiting I decided that it was just way too hot to sit here in the car so I went to the drive through.
Maybe it's just me since it was my first time at sonics and I didn't know how to work it.
I had to repeat my order several times before she got it right.
Everything else went smoothly.
After years of watching the sonic commercial I expected more and was a little let down.
I can get better hotdogs elsewhere but i think i may be back to try a shake or a slushie

I cruised through the Sonic drive-thru for a tasty treat to end my evening and politely ordered a small Cheesecake Bites and a strawberry slush.
The employees were quick to take my cash but, as I watched through the drive-thru window, the employees placed my Bites in a bag and promptly left them sitting by the window for what seemed like an eternity.
This made me even more anxious to sample those yummy nuggets.
I drove away and couldn't wait another minute so I dove in.
Much to my dismay, the caramel dip was missing and replaced with a pathetic sampling of maple syrup.
I gave it a shot anyway and the bites only got worse!
They were frozen inside.
I'm saddened that I wasn't even able to finish the nastiness!

Enjoy the food and love that it's so close.
More then once we had to wait at the speaker for about 15 minutes before we got an answer from the cashier.
At times the staff inside aren't very friendly and cop an attitude with you right off the bat.

We have been there many times I from 8pm to 11 pm.
This is the worst I have ever seen for a restaurant ( Sonic ).
SLOW, the girl at the window needed change and  the guy was busy on his iPhone  looked at her like don't bother me.
Took for ever to get 2  Bergers.
The owner should take a good look at who is working for him.
If this is the best he can do he better look at himself SAD.

Late review.
Whenever im visiting family in Vegas I hit up Sonic Burger.
I always order their chicken club on sourdough Texas toast.
Excellent.
Then I order a blackberry shake with pineapple.
For some reason I only eat Sonic when im Ii'll n Vegas.
California has plenty but none in my neck of the woods.
Customer service is usually fast unless it is crowded.
All in all, good adventures.

