Oh lordy, lordy...I knew I was taking a chance on this.
I absolutely HATE "chains," but I was on my way from  Clarement, CA to Breckenridge, CO for a skiing trip [2/2/08] and it seemed like the last place for an early lunch before heading across Nevada.
[I would have done better with road-kill along the way!
]  The service was wretched.
The food was wretched.
The ambiance was wretched.
The cleanliness was wretched.
And there's a reason why I utilized the same predicate adjective for all of these qualities...get it?!
Are all Denny's like this??????
[I don't know!!
]  Damn....Yelp won't let me give ZERO or MINUS stars...I'd choose MINUS FIVE!

I went to this Denny's only because it was on the way to where I was headed for the day.
It's a self standing not like the other two in the area which are in a mini-mall.
(Craig road and Anne road.
)  It seemed busy but we were seated right away, which was nice.
However it pretty much went down hill from there.
I was brought the wrong drink and when I asked for it to be replaced I was given an iced tea with some kind of garbage in it.
Twice the waitress came by to ask how we were, but never stayed long enough at the table to let me answer.
That is beyond annoying, I'd rather just be ignored.
I made my husband ask the manager to take off my beverage since I never got to drink it.
He was polite enough to take off both drinks for us and apologized.
All the food was over cooked exept for the hashbrowns which were still cold, but I wasn't going to push my luck here.
Leave this place for all the truckers and go somewhere else for your Denny's fix.

I'm a regular at Denny's when traveling across country.
I don't have much of a budget when traveling and when making a speed run, I just want to know I'm going to get decent food.
Denny's usually hits it on the head.
While the food was great, the service was, not so much.
Now, mind you I did roll in at about 1:00 AM / 12:00 AM (MT/PT), but I've done that all over the west and never had service like this.
The only waitress was at the counter eating and reading the newspaper.
She was obviously the only one there and was on lunch, so she took my order none the less (comes out to a draw, really, due to poor management).
The waitress though looked like she was on tough times herself (and probably looking for a new job in the classifieds).
The food was standard fare for Denny's.
However, what I noticed about this Denny's from the ones I had been to recently in Arizona is this: No free WIFI Internet (which sucked because the only reason I went to Denny's was hoping for WIFI to check the weather and road conditions ahead since this was winter).
They also did not have The Bite Network, which was always a great way to pass the awkward time between ordering and eating when dining alone.
If I'm passing through Vegas again I will probably not stop at this Denny's.

I enjoy going to this Denny's at least once a week if only for the show.
Some times the service isn't the greatest and that could possibly be cause they don't schedule enough people to work.
Most of the time these gals are spread too thin so that could be the reason.
Every waitress that I have had has been so much fun to watch in action and chit chat with when they aren't busy.
We usually sit at the bar because that way you aren't forgotten but that is at most diners.
Keep Smiling Gals =)

While the waitress was very sweet and friendly, itt was 30-40 minutes before the food arrived.
There is also a random character at the counter starring at people, making things a little uncomfortable.

Had the Build your own slam with the bread pudding french toast.
Eat that last and it will feel like you're eating dessert.
Excellent!!!

I've been eating there since it opened years ago and I must say I really do enjoy there food, it's fresh, hot and ready in less than 10 min.
I recommend the Super Bird Sandwich It's delicious, Thin sliced turkey with bacon and Swiss cheese on butter toasted white bread.
with french fry's and a side order of ranch dressing.

Good food weak service.

It's Denny's!
I ordered a double cheeseburger and had them put avocado and a fried egg on top and called it a night!

If you genuinely like any Denny's, you should probably stop visiting/reviewing Yelp.

I tried to give denny's another chance in another part of town, but it still SUCKS.
there were a minimum amount of customers and the service was still lousy.
the food is so expensive for the quality or lack thereof.
Denny's you will never get another dime from me no matter how hungry I am.
for that 2.99 you charged for OJ, lemonade and coffee each....well that's just a big fat rip.

I always expect food at chains to be meh.
But I had really good wraps ( looked more like tacos ;) ) here so I thought I would give them credit for it.
It was funny because I had my boyfriend try my Chipotle chicken wraps and he had entree envy right away.
They're called wraps but for $4 you get a plate with 2 stuffed chicken tacos,lettuce, cheese and drizzled Chipotle sauce + fries  :-D  Service was good and the restaurant was clean.
It gets a 4 because I'm automatically a fan of these small, inexpensive, and delicious meal

Ordered moon over my hammy and it was disgusting!
The chef was very heavy on the salt!
You can never go wrong with pancakes though!
Also ordered the blueberry hushpuppy things for the first time and they were burnt.
Looked nothing like the picture but then again does anything ever look like the pictures?

