Awful customer service.
They swear they are a high end store.
All I did was ask for a military discount and they swore I was robbing them or taking it out of their paychecks...come on!
GEEZ...

Charlotte Russe has become one of my go-to stores when I need something cute and trendy to wear, but want to have some money left in my wallet when I am done.
I have found some killer deals here... During one post-holiday sale I snagged a pair of cute shorts for $7.50, an adorable top for $5 and another cute tank for $3!
All of these were on the clearance rack with higher prices, but ended up being an additional 50% off... Gotta love when that happens!!
I really love their shoe selection, lots of fun colors and trendy styles at really affordable prices... Last time I was in the deal was buy one at regular price (usually around $30) get another pair for $10!
A warning: This store seems to have an issue with defective accessories.
I recently wanted to get a pair of cute hoop earrings with pink rhinestones but many of the stones were missing, and it was the only pair they had in stock.
Be sure to check over the accessories carefully before purchasing.
The quality of the rest of the clothing is ok, not great but not awful.
The sales associates I have dealt with have always been pleasant, even the times when they have had to tell me that discounts or coupons couldn't be applied to certain items.
A tip: Sign up for their emails to get the coupons, and advance notice of sales.

Awful customer service, very rude and disrespectful, too.
Where is the manager here?
We were not happy when we left and will never come back again.
No eye contact, no greeting, argue back at customer.
Bullied and classless ladies, unbelievable....lol  Their manners are awful and no customer service whatsoever.
Out of spite, the sale associate refused to give us our military 10% off.
How low can one go beyond that?

I love this store but the customer service at this one was crappy.
I walked around and tried some things on, at the end of my visit I wanted to try some shoes on but I waited more than 10 minutes with shoes in my hands waiting to be assisted , after a while I was getting irritated , It turns out all the girls that were working there were just talking among themselves at the front counter, I told them how long I was waiting and they didn't apologize , they just said oh, so I walked out , never going to this one again

