This Wal-Mart is in a better/newer neighborhood.
It is clean, the staff are usually helpful, if you can find them.
It's not too crowded, but sometimes they don't have enough cash registers open, so lines do grow.
One of their lines of clothes (NoBo) is pretty bad quality.

I heard some kids at the local Target call this the "ghetto" Wal Mart.
I still don't agree.
Yes, there are people in their dirty sweats to shop.
There were several beat up cars in the parking lot loudly playing music .At the McDonald's inside for an Egg McMuffin and coffee, it smelled like vomit.
Another customer asked the security guard about it and he nonchalantly said, "Yeah, about half hour ago.
" Maybe I read him wrong, but it sounded like a common occurrence the way he talked.
They certainly didn't use bleach like they're supposed to.
The McDonald's tables and  floor were dirty but at least the Egg McMuffin that I had to wait for was freshly made.
The store bathrooms were not very clean either.
The store was a bit cleaner but as far as selection and quality, very hit and miss.
Produce wasn't fresh (sweet corn husks were dry enough to be decorations),  lots of shelves were bare, but I can forgive that right after Thanksgiving.
The watermelon I bought wasn't sweet at all, not good since I almost bought two of them at $4 each.
The clothing selection only had even numbered inseams which means a $6 tailor job.
On the good side electronics were well stocked and so were most clothing.
A lot of the great Black Friday deals could still be found throughout the store at 10 AM, including their 32 inch flat screen TV.
Checkout was slow but not bad for a Black Friday.
Lots of managers were on hand to resolve problems.
Prices are good though, and the cashiers really worked hard to be fast and courteous.
And employees really do try to help you out.
But I think the new Wal Marts about five miles north are a way better shopping experience over all.

I've heard and read that this is,`in fact, 'the ghetto wal mart".
No way.
Unless you ever went to the walmart on Tropicana and Pecos 3 years ago, you have never seen ghetto walmart.
Anyhow.
This walmart was unusually clean and stocked plenty of goods.
Today, they were giving out Fanta (in the back of the store).
I think Fanta was on sale: 6 packs for a $1.
Though, it was a quick in and out - they even opened a lane just for me and my friend.
Of course the guy checking us out hated life.
I miss the days when they would ask you on the credit-processing machines if the checker was helpful or not.

This store has cleaned up a lot since the last time I was here.
I have been trying really hard to stay away from Walmarts, and going here today reminded me why.
They rearranged some of the store to make more sense.
The pet food is near the people food and it seems the toy area has increased in size.
Over all the store seems cleaner and brighter, which is nice.
The non existence customer service is still rampant though as it is with most Walmart locations.
I looked for something online, the site said it was in stock here.
It was not on the shelve, so I went to the site to store area and it was deserted.
I wondered off to the electronics area since it was the only place with workers and computers.
I asked someone there to see if it was in stock but they refused to help me.
They pointed to some other worker who was walking away and told me to chase her down.
I followed her all the way to the break room area but just couldn't catch her in time.
That's when I realized how silly that all seemed.
Chasing someone down for help.
I shouldn't have to chase anyone down when I have a real live person right in front of me whom I'm already talking to.
Just help me instead of passing the buck.
I guess I needed a reminder of why I've been avoiding this store.

Bums will aproach you in the parking lot but inside it's decent.
The workers are nice & friendly & they tried to help us fix the walmart by Nellis AFBs mistake, to no aveil, but at least they tried.

I love this Walmart I live right on the AFB and it is so close, however I have never been one to worry about being robbed there, other Mil wives won't step foot there but I was different, until a few days ago I got yelled every name in the book for taking a handicap parking for which I have a plate for, but I am young and you can not "see" why I am disable.
I yelled back and things got heated I was never worried about myself so much as my car, but I went inside and told manager what happen and they had someone watch my car for me til I was done.
So thanks, the only thing I can say is this is an unsafe walmart so they should get more security.

walmart is always great with selections, sales, and quantity.
However my pet peeve that is the fact that they always have huge lines and only 2-3 people checking out!
especially if i only have 1-2 things to get, the express line is the same way!
unless i'm not in a rush, i'll shop here.

Also known as stab mart in the military circle this Walmart is not the best by any means.
However, I must admit with the increase of security recently it has made me comfortable with once again shopping there.
It has been a welcome change to not have to travel all the way down Craig to the next Walmart to buy things.
This Walmart does offer some things that other Walmarts' do not normally offer.
In example, around holiday times and season changes you can snag some great clearance items.
They almost always have some kind of clearance specials going on in buggies along the backside of the cashier stations and have a clearance aisle behind the jewelry department.
A couple of downsides to this Walmart is that the service is very limited.
They have minimum cashiers and their deli department always takes forever to service you.
However, the service you get is rarely bad once you get it.
The people tend to be friendly.
I would also never recommend buying produce there.
Their fruits and vegetables go bad super quick.
During strawberry season I purchased two large flats of strawberries for a dessert I was making.
The next day when I opened my 2 flats I found that 90% of my strawberries were ruined and molded toward the bottom.
I had looked the day before and had not seen this.
I have also had this issue with some of the bread products I have bought there so beware on fresh products.
Overall, this Walmart could be better.
There are some things such as cleanliness that could still be improved but in the 3 years I have lived in the area I have seen major improvements to what it was previously.

This place SUCKS!
I only stayed to see how long the wait was to get to the cashier, 26 minutes, thats how long.
I can't believe how Wal-mart treats its customers.
None of the "speedy" lanes were open.
I hate giving my money to these people, I go out of my way to spend my money elsewhere.
I hope Wal-mart is reading this, oh wait......they don't care!

It's a Walmart.
I do believe I might have also seen some of the people in this Walmart on that one website.
You know which one I mean.
However, it is also a lot better since they remodeled it.
They reorganized their craft section and made it bigger (maybe cause the Michael's across the way left?).
The staff there are "there" but good luck if you need any help.
There is no self checkout.
The brand of kitty litter my cats like is the number one reason that brings me here.
Cheap, cheap, cheap kitty litter.
Number two is that it is closer than the Walmart on Decatur and 215 and far less packed on a Saturday.
The store layout has to be one of the weirdest I've ever encountered but after having gone a few times you get over it.
I remember having gone one day and they were completely out of sugar.
Even the generic brand.
I was flabbergasted to say  the least.
They carry a few things I like that other Walmarts do not, and I can say that for everyday shopping it works out just fine.
A few other Yelpers have remarked about the "atmosphere.
" I do have to admit that I will not go here at night and that I do feel a little weirded out even in the day time and that is usually only when I go alone.

I feel like I'm in the ghetto when I come here.
It seems almost as bad as the walmart that's right off base.
There's always a long line and not enough cashiers.
Its not that organized and I'm constantly wandering trying to find what I want.
I'd rather go to target.

Its a Walmart.
Long lines..
But we all still bare it for the low low price.
That or just because we have no other choice.

Since I'm on a roll, I figure I'll just keep the reviews of the chains going.
Next up, Wal-Mart.
Don't care for how there aren't enough cashiers on duty on the third shift.
Don't care for how the third shift consists mainly of staff with stocking duties (minimal customer service) Don't care for how security allowed people to loiter in the parking lot Don't care for how the cashier didn't have a sense of urgency in the check out process  Don't care for Wal-Mart but they're open 24 hours and that they do sell food goods.
Otherwise, it's a Wal-Mart and it is what it is.

I avoid this walmart at all costs.
The night crew is pretty nice, but it's constantly in disarray.
It has alot of products and is usually well stocked, but no exaggeration there are never enough lanes open.
Anytime from a Sunday afternoon to a Tuesday night, checking out of this Walmart is like one of the circles of hell

Always a nice visit.
We stopped off at this Walmart at least every other day to pick up some food and wine.
We found one of our favorite Australian wines Foxhorn for $6.47 a bottle.

I call this place Ghetto Walmart.
The stuff is always strewn all over the place.
Nothing is organized.
You have to pick up items and bring them to checkout to find out what they cost because they are not priced on the shelves and are not put back where they belong.
At any given moment there are about a dozen carts of goback items blocking the front of the store and you have to wonder if any of them are perishables.
The lines are always long and there are never enough checkers especially at night.
They shut down almost every aisle including the self check aisle after about 8pm so forget it.
Also after 10pm they have pallets of stuff blocking every aisle making it near impossible to shop.
When you enter the store you feel like you are going to get mugged.
I'd drive 10 miles to another Walmart to avoid this place.
The car repair shop is rude and gives you an attitude about changing your car battery if you are lucky enough that they have it in stock.
I went there a month ago to get a BlueRay DVD Player and there was not a single DVD player in the entire store.
There are never any carts and the rude customers leave empty cars directly behind your car when you are inside the store.
I have been to many Walmarts in Las Vegas and this probably the worst.

As everyone has stated this Walmart is not in the best part of town or at least it seems to cater to people who desire to feel they are in a bad part of town.
The shopping area it is ha steely list businesses which adds to its decline.
All in all its a walmart busy, not sparkling in terms of looks and can be overwhelming to trek through.
If it wasn't for the lower costs at he pharmacy I'd likely stick to my target up north, but low prices are hard to turn away from.

I drive by this location on the way to and from work.
I would have to recommend only stopping here if it's a must.
It's usually in disarray and often understaffed.
It's also not in the best part of town.

For me, It's alright.
but the fact is that usually by the late afternoon the place isn't gonna be as great as you think.
Uncooperative and bad customer service.
Personally If you looking to buy something and asking for help, these staffs may give you an attitude.
Don't expect too much out of it you might as well just get what you want and leave.

This is the worst Walmart ever!
I've started shopping exclusively at Winco and unless its an emergency, refuse to come here.
Never enough cashiers, never can find an employee EVER, no one is willing to help when you finally find one.
Things are not organized here either.
Would give zero stars if possible to post that way

I am downgrading a star due to my horrible experience at the pharmacy.
Mind you this is the main reason I go here.
The women behind the counter was standoffish and snotty.
When I went to pick up my prescription they stated there was an issue with my insurance.
I understand this likely was not their fault, however no phone call to me beforehand so I wasted time driving down there.
When I inquired for further info the women behind the counter said not to blame her and pointed at the gentleman dispensing the medication.
I was not blaming anyone but generally all the pharmacies I have dealt with try to contact the insurance co on file if there is an issue.
Within a minute the woman essentially pushed me aside and grabbed the next person.
I get your busy but no one could take a moment to inform me what was going on.
I did get a call three or four hours later from the dispenser to call my insurance co.  Well duh that was my plan.
I will not go here again for medication and will only shop here if I need something at a discount that I cant find anywhere else.
Not worth the poor service and rough area.

Need more registers open and better customer service this is ridiculous im done shopping here

Nastiest walmart I've been to.
Geeze.
Tons of people, dirty dirty dirty, unorganized, and there are only like 5 registers open.
Man I went on Christmas Eve and there were 4 registers open and insane lines.
Won't come here again.

I'm only giving this location 2 stars for being open 24 hours and having merchandise although I'd rather go with Eh, Me thinks NOT!
I absolutely HATE this location.
I refuse to even shop here unless I am in dire need, which I make sure doesn't happen.
This place is so Ghetto, it's dirty and there is no customer service.
Spare yourself, if you live in this area travel over to the 215 and Decatur location which is cleaner, quiet and a lot less hassle.

Only three cashiers open at 9:30 on a Thursday night and one of them is having issues.
Lines are at least 10 people deep.
Didn't move for 10 minutes.
Seriously???
I just walked out.
Customer service is awful.
Dirty store.
Always out of everything.
I don't know why I even try to come here.
Never again!

Typical walmart, gets the job done.
I use this one as it is a 5min drive max and has everything that I need whenb I need it.
People are helpful and have helped me find/ get stuff.
Prices in produce and food are decent and you can get your shopping list done in one spot.

27 lanes to check out but only 3 - 4 at any given time, manned by people who have poor attitudes.
I've been here 8 times in two weeks out of necessity because I just moved here and my household goods haven't arrived yet.
Every time I go to check out, the cashiers just give a grunt to acknowledge you and the ones working the floor don't even stop when you ask a question.

