I recently moved into the area from California, researched quite a few apartments.
I found that everything that Cheyenne Villa had to offer was what I wanted.
Until I arrived, when the tanning bed which were a major deal for me or not working I looked further into it inquiring when they were going to start working.
I was told they needed to order new bulbs.
Then I was told they were waiting for the bulbs.
Then I was told they were waiting for their technicians to put them in.
Apparently they cannot make an appointment, do they really have technicians to put them in.
My suggestion to you is if you want tanning beds do not move here.
I am wondering if they even have a tanning bed here and if so if it is in working order at all.
I am very disappointed!!
So if I move here for the tanning beds do I get reimbursed the $60 every month for me to go somewhere else to tan.
After all they expect every penny of rent and utilities that I owe each month so if they do not have something they advertise that they have,  do I get reimbursed for that.
I'm sure I don't.
Other than that the place here is really nice the apartments are really great they look wonderful the swimming pool is maintained and they have a nice little workout room.
The people that work here are very nice, though I am really tired of getting the runaround for the last three months just to be able to tan in a bed.
Why can't they just be honest and say guess what we don't have a tanning bed your SOL.
That way I don't call him every week to see when it's ready

I moved here a year ago and sadly signed a 1 year lease.
since moving in it has been nothing but problems one thing after the next.
First they have a serious bug issue, huge bug issue and they do little to almost nothing to help this issue by spraying 12 units on a Tuesday schedule 12 out of 100+ units that they have.
Secondly the property staff is highly incompetent everyone from the old manager Susie to the new manager Lee who is running two properties and clearly can not handle it.
Linda the second manager on the property may be the only actual person at his point that knows what is going on because Nina and Adrianna are useless an cannot write a note and communicate to one another about tenants the use a program with ledgers meaning they have a place for notes per unit and whenever I have made payments or have had questions I have had to explain myself a thousand times because of their lack of notations.
Third the property sells you on its amenities such as pool, gym, tanning beds and every time I have attempted to use them the older woman Rose who is there to make sue things do not get broken or people get rowdy while there, tells me that it is closed or that we can not go in because we do not have the proper key chain.
she is literally almost 70 and I am all for equal work opportunist but this woman is clearly too old and can not handle the heat in the summer time and pad locks the pool at noon  on a Sunday.
I am so irritated on my one day off all I want t do is relax by the pool but I can not why because today they do not feel like opening.
yeah the WORST APARTMENTS TO LIVE AT .
my mother always did tell me the cheap will always be more expensive and she is right I moved here because the price was right but clearly everything here is wrong.

I have been a resident here for almost 4 years and after reading all these so-called "HONEST REVIEWS" I feel compelled to write one of my own.
No place that you will ever live is going to satisify all your WANTS (WANTS NOT NEEDS - NEEDS are something very different).
Regarding the bug issue, in the summer I will admit there are crickets that occassionally get into my apartment, but putting myself on the spray list does kill them.
Now as for ROACHES, there may be some that enter the home to escape to heat, but for those complaining about a constant bug issue need to look at how they clean their apartment.
ROACHES ARE ATTRACTED TO AND THRIVE IN UNCLEAN ENVIRONMENTS!
SO IF YOU ARE DIRTY, THEN EXPECT TO HAVE AN ABUNDANCE OF ROACHES IN YOUR DIRTY APARTMENT MULTIPLYING!
And it doesnt matter if you move to another unit, if you don't get into the habit of good housekeeping you get everything you deserve.
And as far as the office staff is concerned - with the removal of the old manager alot of the bad habits have gone with her.
I heard that people were allowed to pay HALF of their rent at a time with no late fees!!!!
So for people who work hard to pay ALL of their rent on time that is not fair.
Im glad this new manager is making sure those tenants no longer take advantage.
And I don't have a problem with the rest of the office staff.
But I have wanted to speak up in their defense when tenants come in cursing or screaming at them.
I don't care if you had a work order that wasn't done on time, how would you react if someone came to your job and cursed and screamed at you!?
This place still has more "CLEANSING" to do as far as certain tenants are concerned.
And for some weird reason the worst tenants I've seen throughout this summer seem to LIVE BY THE POOL AREA!!

