This place rocks!
Proper old time barber vibe from the decor to the music and even the customers!
I told Neil that I was in town for a rockabilly festival and needed to look the part and he nailed it straight out of the 50's while telling me stories and talking about music.
Then he only wanted $19!
It's well worth the 20 minute drive from our hotel.
Thanks guys!

My son and I got are haircuts from Efren.
We like going here and Efren is great.

A true old school Barber Shop.
Not a hip hop type of place, just a good atmosphere, great barbers, and fair prices.
Have Bob or Neil cut your hair and you will be pleased.
I asked for an Ivy League and Bob knew immediately what I wanted, a.
True pro.
It's also family friendly, I will be bringing my two boys in soon.

This is the best Barber Shop in the West North Las Vegas area!!!
Shop is clean, barbers are professional and prices are cheap.
My husband has his fade done by Efren and will not let anyone else touch his hair.
If you are looking for seasoned professionals who know what they are doing, visit Town & Country.

I searched Yelp for a Barber and was happily surprised how close Town & Country Barbers were!
I am a disabled vet with a back/neck that's put together with more screws, rods and plates than Home depot has.
Bob greeted me and sat me down constantly going out of his way to ensure my comfort!
I am living on Disability and can't afford a full treatment (cut, beard trim & straight razor shave) but I decided to start the year out by spoiling myself.
The skin conditioner, hot towels, hot lather made the whole experience just awesome!
Not to mention the good old 50-60's music playing and Bob and the other Barber's banter and chat that just made you feel like you were at home with friends!
I will definitely be going back!
I'll just have to save my money to spoil myself again as soon as I can.
**Donations accepted LOL** Thank You Bob for a great experience!
Tom Clark vegastdc@cox.net

This is the best Barber Shop in Las Vegas!
Efren, Bobby, Jim, Neil are the main characters in there.
They have all cut my hair and do a great job.
Bobby is my favorite.
He's from Texas and always has a good story to tell about his days there.
When you walk in, Efren will always give you a nice welcome and get your visit started even if he is with a customer.
He is also fun to watch, as he has a "trademarked spin move" after he clips some off the back, he will kick one foot back and spin himself around ready for the next cut!

