Just got my brakes serviced here and I was not disappointed.
After calling around to different service stations I found that some were hesitant to give me a ballpark estimate, but Brake Masters let me know the average price for their service and were open about how there might be differences in price upon inspection.
First come first serve type place.
Inspection was quick and they were clear about what needed to be done.
Coupons are available online to save some $$.
Their speed if service us enough to make you want to come back.
There were a few people ahead of me but I was still in and out within an hour for some basic service.
Quick and honest shop, lots of seating available.

It took 2 hours and killed my bank account.
However, getting new brake pads for the whole car and replacing 2 rotors is a lot of work.
Bob, the dude at the front desk, was really nice and friendly.
He chatted with us in the waiting area and joked with us.
He was friendly, professional and very respectful.
As a woman, I usually feel very uncomfortable at auto repair shops, but I felt well taken care of here.
I will go again when we're ready to get our alignment fixed.

I had bought a Living Social coupon for a free oil change, so I didn't have my choice of autoshops.
I prefer to go to one that is close to a coffee shop or restaurant- someplace more pleasant to sit in than a waiting room with grungy, uncomfortable chairs and an annoying TV.
I came here last Friday morning and was told the wait was already 2 hours or more, so I said forget it.
I returned today around 9:30 a.m. and only one customer was waiting.
The guy at the counter was a pleasant, no-nonsense kinda person.
He told me that despite my coupon I'd pay about $10 for waste/safety or something.
I waited in the typically uncomfortable waiting area (although I've been in worse) and entertained myself reading a magazine before I figured I should find someplace to hang out.
My phone app said that the Harvest Cafe is within walking distance, but before I could ask which direction to walk, they were done with the car!
They charged almost $9, which I'd been property warned about.
Not an unpleasant experience.
I'd come back.

Don't get your brakes done at a shop that says lifetime warranty.
BrakeMasters.
They put on cheap pads that wear out fast and that way get you to come back, where you have to pay for labor to get the "free" pads on.
But wait...they then upsell you to buy better pads.
(why didn't you tell me you were putting on crappy brake pads the first time?).
I just had new pads and the rotors turned 9 1/2 months ago and was never happy with the brake job.
Yesterday was the second time bringing the car back to say I wasn't happy with their brakes (first time a couple months after brake job)to find out they were already shot.
Which by the way Bob never put the work or visit in the computer...maybe that's why "Bob doesn't work here anymore" So less than a year later they want another $100.
NO.
Sticking with friends and craigslist for car work, and buying my own parts so I know what I'm getting.
And might I add..shame on me for going back to the shop (because of a coupon)after having a bad 1st experience that sent me complaining to the district manager.
The first time I went in for a air conditioning diagnostic.
After being quoted $1500 because "everything needed replaced" I declined.
After leaving, all the sudden my car was overheating.
Took it back to find out why, what happened,They said my radiator fan broke.
I said it must have happened there because car didn't have issue before.
They want an outrageous amount for part and repair so I say never mind.
They throw the dirty fan assembly directly on my front fabric seat and send me off.
I look at the fan and notice a pattern of marks on the blades like a screwdriver or wrench 'accidentally?
' got stuck in the fan blade, therefore causing it to break.
It was made of plastic and had spun the center base off.
I called and told them of my findings.
They didn't admit to it being their doing but I still insisted the car was not having overheating problems before.
That's when I called corp. which put me in touch with district manager.
In the end, I bought a new fan assembly online for 1/3 of what they wanted to charge me, and they installed it for free.
That's when Bob worked there.
These shop managers are just a bunch of sales people.
They are going to make their sales however they can to get that bonus.

These guys are great.
I was told by 3 other repair shops that I had to have my catalytic converter replaced (quotes ranged from$1800-$2500).
They took a look at my vehicle and replaced a sensor for $275.
I appreciate the honest, thorough work from them.
Thank You.

We just moved here from Hawaii and need our brakes worked on.
Heard from a friend to come here because they are reliable and professional.
Well good thing I took the recommendation because the people got the job done in a good timely manner.
I felt they were professional  so no problems here.
the shop area was clean and i felt like a valued customer.
Will come back next time if I need my brakes worked on again.

Worst place to go to for brakes.
I heard the guy at the front quote another person 881 dollars for front brakes and rotors and back drums and shoes!
He then quoted me 661.
For resurfacing my front rotors new pads, new drums and shoes!
He wouldn't let me use the coupon online because I didn't have it printed out.
He even got mad at me because I couldn't afford 275 for them to replace the pads and resurface the rotors only so i had them put my car together and i left but not without asking if i owed him money for the time it took for the guy to take all my wheels off.
He said nope have a nice day in a very sacastic way.
I I can get new brake pads at autozone for 50 and change them myself in about 45 min.
But instead I thought I could get my drums done too because I can't do those myself so i figured id get it all done at once.
Forget about this place.
They are a super rip off and I will never recommend anyone to go there EVER!

