I have been going here since my junior year in high school and I turn 24 this year.
The place is stupid busy on the weekends but that's because they are worth it.
The people will get to know you like family.
Even after I moved away for two years, they remembered me when I came back!
Not to mention the quality of work there is amazing.
I have yet to see a place that does hand designs like they do.
Not to mention the owner has been doing nails for like, 16 years AND he only has 2 fingers on his right hand!
He's the best nail artist in the place, too.

This place is so great, sometimes the waiting time is long, but they're real nice, drinks and some candy provided..
I usually get a full set, and eyebrows done.. Quick, good work, polite, prices are great..   Go there every two weeks, don't see that changing anytime soon.

This place is by far the best place for a pedicure.
The pricing is amazing compared to the stellar service.
Jennie and Mai are always our pick.
The wait time is worth it, when there is one, because they take their time with each client.
I've never been rushed, always left happy, and won't go anywhere else!

Always a good sign when they pull the cuticle clipper and other utensils out of a sterilizer...that earns them at least 3 stars for hygiene.
Also they offer complimentary bottled water as well.
Went here to get a re-do on my manicure/pedicure after having a not so hot experience somewhere else.
They definitely take their time and a hand and leg/foot massage is included with the manicure and pedicure.
Prices are really decent, $34 for the manicure/pedicure package.
This will be my go to salon in North Las Vegas!

Stopped in on a Friday night at 6:30pm for a quick mani-pedi, even though they were supposed to close at 7:00pm.
They were very nice and more than accomodating to me.
I had Jennie, she didn't rush and did an awesome job.
They offer bottled water to all the customers and the pedi chairs are good too, not falling apart like most places you see in this area.
Not a fan of the crowd that hangs out by the Food for Less, but nonetheless I will be back!
Thanks guys!

What a freaking joke!
I have been here twice and expected at least a decent manicure/pedicure.
The wait was ridiculous and non-accommodating.
I wanted Julie and was willing to wait for her.
However was told Julie doesn't do appointments.
Um, excuse me?
Total waste of time, money and effort.
Will never recommend nor come back.
Go get your nails done at the fabulous Diamond Nails and Spa!

Not worth the wait!
I made an appt to be sure to get my pedi, after I read the reviews about waiting a long time.
Even with the appt, it's wasn't worth the visit.
So I caution anyone... Do not wait, you won't be happy with the service!
The lady cut my toe and kept telling me I was fine because there was no blood!
There doesn't have to be blood to have pain!
The rest of the pedi was crap and the polish job was horrible too!
I now have a scab on cuticle line, almost the whole length of my nail bed!
Horrible customer service!

Waxing is good, nails are amazing!
I have been going here since my quincenera and I am here again for my senior prom.
Throughout those 4 years they have always remembered me and all the other females in my family!
They are so nice, but extremely busy.
Especially on weekends.
The atmosphere is happy and they also provide drinks!

It was ok......got a pedi and my nail polish chipped two days later!
not happy never coming back and waited a while and not so friendly.

