Another terrific find during my lengthy stay in the 'burbs of Las Vegas.
This place has excellent wraps.
Quick service, healthy food, clean.
Between Pizza Cafe and Tropical, I'm learning to love strip malls in suburbia!

This location is ok.
It's kinda small, the portions for the sandwiches etc aren't that great... the smoothies are excellent though.
Friendly staff... it only loses a star for how tiny it is inside.
Barely any room to sit anywhere if there's like 3-4 people in.

Good food but the young staff can never get any to go order right.
They are too busy talking about their social life

Got the special combo that included a small smoothie and half a sandwich for 6.99.
And it was a lot more than I bargained for.
First off, the "small" smoothie was anything but.
I got the Kiwi Quencher and could barely finish is.
Delish though.
The half sandwich was really a hefty piece of bread with a generous amount of turkey, tomato and guacamole.
I'd recommend the turkey, guacamole to anyone.
Good stuff!

Great place for a pick me up , people are always friendly

Probably the most consistent smoothies chain.
I like that they post calories.
They are a little expensive and the girls working the counter don't always seem like they care all that much.
Service is generally quick and I like their frequent customer card.
All in all, you could do a lot worse.

If you want a decent smoothie, this place is pretty good and they have other items on the menu to eat.
Service - not shabby.
I believe that the cashiers would do awesome to offer suggestions like extra shot of protein, and etc to help people understand the nuances of menu, since many things are vague.
Noise - When you have blenders going at full speed, it is very hard to hear the counter person.
Smoothies - very nice tasting.
Service again...- Wouldn't it be awesome if they could mark the smoothies when  you order multiple ones?
I am not an expert at what is what.
I mean, it is easy to tell the difference between coke and 7-up, but the smoothies are not so easy to differentiate.
Overall - check it out, very nice.

Ordered the turkey and gaucamole sandwich and the papaya smooothie for $6.99.
Such a great deal and the smoothie was HUGE!
Everything was made fresh and tasted so good.
I will be back soon!

THANK YOU FOR NOW BEING 24HR!
i'm a regular at trop smoothie.
i love me some pineapple twist (although they discontinued it on their menu, i had to write the recipe on my phone just so i can tell them how to make it), i also love me some peanut paradise with soy and 1/2 splenda.
the king ceasar is my fave wrap.
and i'm not too familiar with their sandwiches.
but its great that they have fundraisers for different organizations.
and it's always a good visit when you have a free smoothie from your punch card!

The service was excellent, but the drinks are not my favorite.
I thought that maybe it was just the drinks that I was getting, but after switching it up a few times, I still haven't found a drink that I would order consistently.
Tropical Smoothie uses sweeteners to accentuate the flavors of their drinks and I am not a fan of that.
I got the Get-Up-and-Goji ($5.39).
A blend of goji berries, peach, orange, banana, and non-fat yogurt.
I got mine with Splenda.
I overheard a guest ask for theirs with honey.
So there are options.
Maybe next time I will ask for none and it will be more suitable for my taste.
I just like simple all fruit smoothies.
In the end, my stomach was a bit upset and the artificial taste of Splenda overpowered the drink.

This review might not be fair because I'm not a smoothies person to begin with..
But the three stars include the review for the food as well.
Pros: -they serve hot sandwiches and salads.
Buffalo chicken wrap is very good!
-open early for breakfast -healthy options available   Cons: -only one size for smoothies -even though I only get one type of smoothies, they taste different each time or at different location.
Not very consistent.
-the I've tried about 5 sandwiches and none of them were good at all, except the buffalo chicken wrap.
The sandwiches are very dry, hard, barely anything there except the bread.
Will I come back here on my own?
Probably not.

My every Friday morning joint.
The smoothies are great and the breakfast sandwiches are amazing.
Even at 3am the employees are great...

I walked in and it immediately smelt like throw up.
I couldn't even wait to order-- I had to leave.
Gross!

So I periodically visit this Tropical Smoothie location.
I enjoy their smoothies and breakfast sandwiches.
I usually get the Sunrise Sunset.....delicious!
The service is usually great but this last time I went maybe the two employees making the  smoothies were having a bad day but they completely forget my order.
So after sitting patiently for about five minutes.
I walked back up to the counter and asked the young lady if my smoothies was finished.
She asked me "Did you order a smoothie"?
I reply "Ummmm yes I did'.
Her response was "Oh was which one did you order?
"  Now in my mind I was thinking "what does the ticket say?
" but I respond Sunrise Sunset (delicious).
They must have been busy following Justin Bieber's meltdown on Twitter.......but the 3 people after me got their order????

Hadn't been to Tropical Smoothie in a while and I was looking for a quick shot of wheat grass.
I ordered a smoothie and a double shot - smoothie came out quick but the wheat grass took longer than I expected.
I enjoyed the flavor very much, but don't care for it warm.
I'm not enough of a connoisseur to know if that's normal or not.
I was also disappointed to find out that they add sugar to their smoothies.
I didn't realize this, so didn't know to ask them to withhold it.
Seems a bit underhanded - it should be clearly posted as part of the ingredients.
Having said that, it explains why their smoothies are so tasty.
I'll chalk it up to "buyer beware" and know that they are a yummy treat, but not as nutritious as I had hoped.

I love tropical smoothie.
But this location lacks everything.
I went there earlier today to get a smoothie and a flatbread.
I placed my order then waiting about 5 minutes for my smoothie.
4 people came in after me and placed orders as I waited for flatbread.
They all got served before me.
I had to ask where it was and they said "the order slip must have fallen behind the counter.
We will make it now".
I waited over 25 minutes for a flatbread.
Then when I got home to eat it, I don't understand how it took 25 minutes to make.
There was a very small amount of chicken in it and 2 sliced pickles and that was it.
I will never go back to this location again and its right around the corner from my house.
I will drive a little farther to get better service.

My friend and I went in to get some smoothies and a meal after boxing.
We were very disappointed because our hummus wrap took 15 minutes to make and they did not even tell us it was going to take a few minutes.
We were the only ones in the store!!
We had to ask if they forgot it and the girl said that some other guy was going to make it but there was no guy to be found.
A guy walked in and they did not even greet him.
We could tell he was disappointed as well.

Fast service... Great smoothies... Love this place!
I have been going here for about 4 years... My favorite smoothie is the chocolate banana smoothie.

I like their smoothies , but the machine that make wheat grass shots breaks down alot.
Im curios is it really out of service ?
Hmmm.

Ordered my usual peanut butter cup smoothie.
The smoothie was average not a creamy as they typically are when I order then from Tropical Smoothie Cafe.
Still good even through it was more of a slushy rather than a smoothie.
:)   The disappointing part was that when I walked up to the counter to place my order I was looked at by what appeared to be a teenager who lacked customer service experience.
She immediately didn't ask me what I would like and I blankly stared back at her until she got my hint.
She finally asked what I wanted to order.
The level of customer service flowing in this place is so subpar it is ridiculous.
This Tropical Smoothie Cafe location could be generating much more revenue if someone higher up gave a damn about customer service.

This is the worst one.
More than once my wrap has had little to no substance and the kids that work here are rude.
I drive to one farther away from my house because I hate this one.
The owner needs to do something

I spent many an afternoon here in high school, and the smoothies were better then, but that's the only thing that's changed.
The menu is smaller and doesn't seem to be as diverse, but walk in at 3 o clock on a weekday and you'll find hoards of teens meeting up with their buddies , little dudes with their ear pierced who think they look cool spitting game at the cute 14 year old girl next to him, and the surly 17 year old with black hair and black lipstick behind the counter.
LOL.

Ah, yes...Tropical Smoothie.
I wanted to like you, I really did.
But when I came in and your staff of 3 unhelpful and rude teenagers glared at me for forcing them to labor for their pay I knew any chance at us having a thing were unlikely at best.
I placed an order for two smoothies and two sandwiches.
Pretty basic stuff, no?
Well it turns out the answer is indeed, no.
They got everything wrong and failed to apologize for their mistake.
They simply remade the order.
No refund was offered, no apology, nothing.
I won't return to this location.

What an awesome spot for lunch!!!
Two mojo fish tacos and a large smoothie for $5.93.
Can't beat this price!!!
The Island Green smoothie is a must have.
The young gentleman behind the counter was very polite and friendly.
Glad I found a local spot for delicious and healthy smoothie.

I love the Peanut Paradise with whey protein, splenda... and i sub the bananas for strawberries!
taste just like PBJ!!

Tropical smoothie cafe is an interesting place, you can get away eating healthy if you know what you are getting.
I prefer to get their smoothies as a meal replacement or add a bunch of protein to it after a nice work out.
They do have some good food options; like wraps, sandwiches, salads, burritos and etc.
The main reason why this location gets 3 stars is that a lot of times the team members who work, seem to only be there to collect their paycheck with minimal focus on customer service.
I ordered a thai salad and lets just says that it was done in a hurry without adding all the ingredients.
I barely had any dressing on it and the chicken felt like it was microwaved for 2 minutes.
Good news is that you can't mess up the smoothies since there are quick recipes labeled on a board for each recipe.
I got their new Island green smoothie with Splenda, Pinaple, mango and other island fruits made the flavor very refreshing.
I would highly recommend this smoothie to anyone.
Overall, staff needs be better trained and more enthused about their job at this location.
Also, the parking is also pretty lousy.

I love their hummus wrap here and the smoothies of course.
I subtracted one star because it's a little pricy and it smells kinda funky.

Slooooowest Trop Smoothie everr!!!
I frequent this location since I work in the shopping center n it's always a drag even when they r slow :/

Their island green smoothie is my absolute favorite.
It's sooooo good.
Every time I come here, I get great service and never have to wait too long for my smoothie.
I love that this place is conveniently open 24 hours so I can stop by after I get off work (I work really late hours sometimes) or after a late workout.

I've tried several of the smoothies here and they're all pretty good.
Blimey Limey and Sunrise Sunset are my favorite since I don't like banana.
On my most recent visit I tried the Sunrise Salsa.
It's a breakfast burrito with salsa.
Not bad.
In the past I've had some of the chicken wraps and they've been ok.
They are fresh and better than any fast food sandwiches.
Also it's open 24 hours.

