This relatively small chain of sandwich shops serves up some very good sandwiches.
The "cran slam" is a known favorite.
Wide selection from veggie to both hot and cold- all very fresh.

Home of the Bobbie-basically a Thanksgiving dinner on a roll so that's turkey, cranberry and stuffing, mayo if you want it.
The sandwich's are huge and filling, good to share.
Other good ones are the Capistrami and the Eggplant parmesan!
Wonderful!
Yum!

This is a nice little place that has some pretty good sandwich's.
I got the vegetarian turkey sandwich they also have vegetarian cheese steak (unfortunately no vegan cheese) , but its nice to have some veg options.

I have to agree with all the other Yelp reviews...tried the Bobbie and love it!
I'm from Dallas and wish there was one closer to home.

I had the same sandwich twice, once it was the last left over piece on a party tray and it got me salivating at what a fresh sandwich might taste like.
I forgot the name of the sandwich but it had I think pastrami and this kick ass pastrami on it that really counteracted the meat to perfection.
Fresh is definitely better.
It's a shame that the sandwiches aren't larger though, that would have been awesome.

As a previous person stated, this is definitley not the establishment for 5 star service but I love the sandwiches.
Personal fav: the Bobby...
It's like thanksgiving on a sandwich:)

Coming from the South Bay, when I lived in Sin City I totally missed sandwiches from Togos.
So imagine my excitement when some co-workers put me on to Capriotti's.
The sandwiches here are amazing!
My faves are the Capistrami and the Bobbie - which is totally like a little bit of Thanksgiving.. all you need is some pumpkin pie.

PROS:  I had just flown into Vegas and was in need of food before I head to the clubs to get wasted!
My friends who are Las Vegas residents swear by this place but I don't understand why.
The only Pro this place deserves in convenience.
CONS:  I ordered my sandwich..they were barely paying attention, I had to repeat my order 3 times.
How hard is it to understand Turkey on wheat with extra mustard?
Extra Mayo?
The guys said?
NO!!!!!
Extra mustard!
YELLOW!
YELLOW!
YELLOW!!!!!!
then to top off this horrible experience, the dude hands me my sandwich (foot long) without a bag while he gave my other friends their sandwiches in bags.
HELLLLLLO!?!?!?!
Can I get a bag?
dumbass!
Got home, the sandwich sucked!
Wish I would went to Subway!
FINAL ANSWER: GO to Subway!

One star because the guys behind the counter were sweet and nice.
Another because of price.
In short, my sandwich sucked and am upset because the guy recommended me to get the sandwich over my original order... it was the turkey something... which was pretty much a thanksgiving meal on wheat bread (turkey meat, cranberry, gravy).
I ate the whole thing because I eat everything and because I was starving!
My cousin who is a local swears by this place.
I apparently did not order the right thing.
I had a taste of her sandwich (pastrami) and it was soo much better - wish I had ordered the pastrami.

I love Capriotti's sandwiches, no matter what shop I've gone to the food is pretty much the same.
This one in particular is not in a casino and is seriously lacking some fung shui.
There is no order counter here, you just walk up to the edge of the kitchen to place your order and to pick it up.
If you've never been here it would be easy just to keep walking right into the kitchen.
The dinning area is tiny but they have a few tables outside.
Last time I went in there I ordered two items, and they wrote them down.
Yet somehow they failed to get it correct.
Still enjoyed them because it's Cap's and it was still good.
I wish they would make the bobbie hot though... booh-hoo

This was my third time here.
Came here for lunch today and had the Italian.
It was ok.
The second time, I had the Meatball.
It wasn't that good.
The first time, I had the Mushroom Cheesesteak.
It was the best out of what I've tried so far.
The place is pretty small.
There are four or five tables and a tv playing the ESPN channel.
There are also some tables outside.
The staff is always friendly.
I paid with my card on my first visit and their is a offer to get $3 off on your next visit if you do an online survey.
I didn't get that offer on my second or third visit when I paid in cash.
My buddy who paid with his card today got the offer.

There's only one good sandwich here, and it's the Bobbie.
Capriotti's is overpriced and I suggest that you look elsewhere for  decent sandwich.

This is my favorite sandwich place in Vegas.
I recommend the Capistrami or the Bobby, they are amazing.
Also a good tip is to go with a friend and split a 20" sandwich, makes it significantly cheaper there!

Probably in my top 10 things I have eaten in Vegas.
I love the Bobbie and probably get one every other week.
I did branch out and get a Slaw B Joe and that was unreal too.

I'm from LA.
Nothing will ever compare to Johnny Pastrami but this satisfies me pretty good until then.
Husband gets the Capastrami, which i have to admit looked AMAZING.
However I wanted a regular Hot Pastrami, not on the menu but they made it for me.
:) Enough of each sauce, pickles and $20 for 2 medium (footlong) subs.
We eat here about once a month for our Pastrami cravings, no complaints.
YUM.

This is one of the two capriotti's I've been too.
Which is a bit more convenient for me, since its just down the street from where I live.
The second one, is at Aliante Station.
Focusing on this Sandwich Shop, I have to say that this is unique in it's own sense.
There are some things I do like about it, and other things that I don't like.
But the most important thing is, their sandwiches are great.
I'm not sure about other Capriotti's, but I know that Aliante doesn't have it, but this Capriotti's has their 20 inch sandwich.
That's why I like this place I love their LARGE sandwiches.
I do like their staff, which is nice and friendly.
Despite the fact of them being busy, they still tend to be upbeat.
On the other hand, even though their location is convenient.
Mainly off Craig and MLK next to Pet Smart and Home Depot.
It is a small sandwich shop.
When it gets busy, its kind of uncomfortable standing around for a sandwich.
They only have 3 small tables, and a few worn out chairs.
The floor itself, seen better days.
Overall, I would suggest this place for their sandwiches, but not so much on dining in.
They do have a few tables outside, but I would just go their for pick up.
Their sandwiches are great, their staff is great.
That's all I need to go to Capriotti's for.

Love this place.
The best and freshest sandwiches in Vegas.
If you like Real Turkey(like Thanksgiving), fresh breads and killer peppers...hit them up when in town.
You won't be sorry!

This place is small, located in the strip mall on Craig, next to the Pets Mart.
After picking up some doggy items my boyfriend and I stopped here to grab some sandwiches to go on a Saturday afternoon.
I went in to order while my boyfriend kept our four-legged friend busy outside where they have some tables set up for out-door eating.
Um, too bad it stinks outside right around the area of the store though.
Definitely not appetizing to eat sandwiches around a sewer-like smell.
I have given Capriotti's a 5-Star Review before, but this was kind of "meh".
I'm bumping it up to 3-Stars though because the Bobbie was yummy per usual.
Unlike a lot of people, I'm not a regular at Capriotti's because I'm more of a Port of Subs girl for my go-to sandwich.
However, Capriotti's hits the spot sometimes.
This location is tiny by the way and there's not much seating to speak of inside.
Also, the set up to pay/get your sandwich/get your drinks is a little clumsy to say the least.

If your looking for Philly sandwiches in Vegas.
This is a good stop.
As close as your going to get.
They also have Wise potato chips and TastyKake.

For a sandwich shop with a limited selection they really bring their A game.
I cant remember the name of my sandwich but it was a hot sandwich with schredded chicken and all of the extra goodies on top with a special sauce.
It was quite delicious ....so if I were you and in the area of this shop I'd definately go check it out =) small but good =)

The gobba gould sandwhich is the best, lol, I dont think I spelled it right.
Italians know what im talking about.
Great place

YUMMY!!
This place was super good!!
The price was cheap for how big the sub was.
It was such a hole in the wall, but very delicious!

This Capriotti's location is the closest one to my job, so a couple times a month when I just need a sandwich to get me through the day, I'll opt for Capriotti's.
It's your standard Capriotti's-pretty small on the inside, nothing fancy.
The employees are nice and the dining area is always clean.
I wouldn't suggest making plans to dine here during the lunch hours though.
This location is always packed and if you don't want to wait, call your order in.
I always do and my sandwich is always ready and waiting so I don't have to wait awkwardly in the dining area and watch other people get to enjoy their tasty sandwiches.
I really like their selection of chips which I don't think you can really get anywhere else and the fact that they offer Tastykakes, which I've never had, but have read enough Stephanie Plum books to appreciate the novelty.
I guess my only beef with Capriotti's is that they serve Pepsi.
That's a personal preference though, so I just never get drinks here.
Bottom line: average Capriotti's, call ahead.

Excellent sandwhiches.
I usually get the Capastrami and/or The Bobbie.
I'd choose this place over Subway or Quiznos any day.
A little more pricey, but welll worth it my opinon.
Lunch hours can get busy.
Therefore call in your order ahead of time.

Love the food and friendly service

I'm a Capriotti's fan.
I eat at one 1-2 times a week.
This is one location I love because not only is it tasty but it is near a Home Depot I frequent.
The store is clean.
The dining area isn't very big so I usually phone my order in and pick it up to go.
During lunch hours this location is a mad house and can get cramped but obviously worth it!
I like that Capriotti's has been giving a $3 coupon on some receipts I get.
Not sure how long it will last but as long as it is around I will be appreciative!
Pay attention to your receipt you might have one on there.
You do have to go to a website and fill out a brief survey but it is quick and worth the discount.
I'm a sucker for a "Capastrami".
It has Pastrami, Swiss, Cole Slaw, and Russian Dressing on a hoagie roll.
It is pure heaven with each bite.
They have a variety of sandwiches to choose from.
Should you be a fan of the "tastykake" brand they carry a variety of their snacks.
The "Wise" brand chips are my fav.
Sandwich sizes are as follows: -Small is 9 inches -Medium is 12 inches -Large is 20 inches

I've always been a fan of Capriotti's and still think that they have some of the best cheese steaks in Las Vegas.
This particular Cap is located in North Las Vegas in the Home Depot shopping center.
It's a small restuarant with limited tables/chairs inside and a few more outside.
Cap sells their sandwiches in 3 sizes; 9 inch, 12 inch, and their monster 20 inch.
I have friends that recommend the Bobbi (turkey and cranberry) and their Capastrami (their pastrami swiss).
I am told both these sandwiches are really good.
However, I've yet to try either.
I've only tried two different subs here; they're steak/cheese and chicken/cheese.
Both meats are thinly sliced, seasoned, and coated in melted cheese.
I usually have both sandwiches plain so that I can savor the meats more.
You can't go wrong with either sandwich.
Simply state, both are delicious.
Service is not bad at all and really depends on how busy they are.
Between 11:30 AM and 1 PM, this place can be a madhouse.
Cap is little more pricey compared to say  Subway, but the food here is much better.

WOW!
I have never ate here before and it was well worth the stop!
The food is unbelievably good, Subway and Quiznos has nothing on these guys!

This place would earn a higher rating from me if they took a little care in making the sandwiches.
The ingredients are of high quality, but are used inconsistently and carelessly when the sandwich is made.
It is not as if I am surprised, as they are assembled by young lads and lasses who are probably making something akin to minimum wage.
Speaking of which, I find it a tad odd that these youthful people call their tips "beer money.
" Do they take the tips and wait outside a gas station, trying to convince patrons to buy them a twelver?
Maybe they should call the tips "candy money" or whatever it is American youngins buy today.
Old man rants aside, the sandwiches here are very good, and it is a great fast food option.

Great customer service, awesome food, and I dig their "beer money" tip jar & how they give me a thank you jingle when I drop some cash in there!

Best and closest Philly cheesesteak ever .
They even add the sauce correctly after I asked them too and had the correct ingredients to add as well.
Anothernall busness that I well worth the visit.
Service was great and friendly they even had chips you can get back east .
Really pleased and highly recommend this to everyone.

There's not much that I can say that hasn't already been said.
Cap's serves a mean sandwich.
No, they serve an amazing sandwich.
I can have it for every meal when I'm in town.
I've only tried one variety though, because it was so fantastic, I've never felt the need to try anything else!
I tried Caps' for the first time at a Yelp Elite event, and  made my friends take me there immediately for a full-size sandwich experience.
I didn't realize it was a chain until much later, as they don't have Cap's where I live, so sad.
My one true sandwich love: The Bobbie.
Turkey, cranberries, and stuffing.
I've tried to replicate it at home, and I can't even come close They must sprinkle it with magic.
It's not the cheapest sandwich in town, but you get what you pay for.
I need to try other sandwiches to see if they're just as fab, and if so, they definitely deserve a 5-star rating.
This location is one of my favorites - it's  fast and friendly, with plenty of room to sit and enjoy your sandwich.
They also give military discounts, and if you check in on Yelp, they usually have a check-in offer (not all locations do).

What can be said about Caps' Bobby?
Everything, it's my favorite all time sandwich!
It's the best.
This location has very friendly people and it's always clean and nice.
We always stop by here on our way out of town and they have no problem with making my wife her special sandwich.

I used to work in a sandwich shop and this place is one of my favorites.
They prepare everything after you order which is awesome, takes time but is totally worth it.
Another plus is that they have big bags of chips, most places only have the regular bags so it's a plus.
Guys working in this location are really nice.
Quick and friendly.

My husband and I love Capriotti's, and have been regular customers of the Craig Road/Home Depot shop for a decade.
We can honestly say that we have never had a bad meal.
The consistency of high quality subs and the great variety make this a place we can't resist, no matter what our bathroom scales may say!
We've never had guests that we haven't treated to Capriotti's, and we've never had a rude encounter with any of the staff.
Some marvelous subs to try - great with a group, where everyone shares:   Capistram--melt-in-your mouth pastrami with no gristle or excess fat.
Both the swiss and provolone cheeses add another layer of flavor to the pastrami.
The Russian dressing pulls it all together.
The Cole Slaw adds texture and juice.
Bibs might be advised, since this sub can be drippy-licious.
The Bobbie -- Thanksgiving on a sub, just the way we like it: Turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing and mayo.
When we have Thanksgiving at someone's home, and we don't get leftovers, we like to stop at Caparotti's the next day so we can pretend we're enjoying all those yumdiddy-great leftovers.
Cole Turkey -- a "Bobbie" without the cranberry sauce or stuffing.
For those who want to assuage their after-Thanksgiving guilt by avoiding sweet cranberry sauce and an extra bread product.
I still like it loaded full-tilt-boogie with the entire table of treats!
Slaw Be Jo - thinly sliced roast beef, tender and moist, lathered with Russian dressing, mayo and their sweet-savory cole slaw, topped with provolone cheese.
It's a toss up when you're in a beef mood whether the Slaw Be Jo or the Cheese Steak is the tastiest.
We normally rely on a coin flip, since our taste buds crave both!
I don't do red sauce so I rely on the opinion of guests from out of town who tell us they love the Sausage sub with marinara sauce, as well as the meatball sub.
I'm also not an italian meat and hot pepper fan, so again, I rely on the opinions of those who love this combination.
Yes, I hear you.
What the heck am I doing living in Las Vegas if I don't love Italian or Mexican food?
Fortunately, at Capriotti's, there are choices to suit everyone's taste buds.
I've yet to taste a better cheesesteak anywhere in the valley, nor a finer hot pastrami.
Note to service dog users: the staff is welcoming to service dogs, and you won't have any problem with access.
They keep their distance, practice good service dog etiquette by not trying to pet the service dogs, and always take time to remark about how well mannered they are.
I only wish I had some photos to share, but the truth is, I'm always so anxious for that first bite that I forget to aim the phone.

Arrived 30 min before closing.
Guys working were friendly & fixed sandwich quickly.
Mushroom cheese steak great as usual.

If you know me, you know I LOVE sandwiches.
I mean love.
Love.
I tried the turkey on white which included lettuce, tomato, onion, pickles, red peppers and jalepeno with a little mayo...the flavors were great but it was super dry.
My bread was also a bit hard.
My other half ordered the Capastrami and the bread was very soft with a wonderful flavor.
I was jealous.
Oh, if you check in you get a free large drink so that was cool.
The inside has seating for about 14 people.
The table we waited at was so wobbly we couldn't touch it without our drinks almost tipping over.
After 21 min I had to ask them what's up with our order.
In doing so I realized the customers at this location were NOT as important as all of the call in orders (note to self).
The lady I asked literally walked in a circle them told me "it'll be up soon.
"   Uuuuh ok...6 min later our order was ready to go.
I have a bad taste in my mouth about this location.
Think I'll stick with Jersey Mikes,  jimmy johns, and firehouse over this place.

Best  steak sandwich I had here since I moved here from ny l try to go a couple of days a week when iam working that side of town

