Great instructors, spacious well equipped gym.
My 4 yr old daughter attends weekly in the firecrackers class.
I love that they have many different class times to choose from.
They offer gymnastics classes for every age and experience level, cheerleading, adult gym time, parties, and different camps throughout the year.
I'm so glad I found this place for my daughter, she absolutely loves coming here!

My daughter started out taking cheer classes at Go For It USA this year, and I couldn't be happier with the gym we chose.
Miss Leslie is the coach for this class, and not only did she provide my daughter with the basic foundation for her new found love of cheer, she made tge class fun and exciting for her.
The staff is all about showing kids what it is to work hard for something, instilling them with drive and determination.
My daughter now cheers with the all star team at tge gym, and is having a blast thanks to the Go For It team!

The price, well for what we get it could be a little better.
My daughter is in the "Fun Flippers" class ages 9-12 and this class is HUGE!
Not much individualized attention here.
Plus the swamp coolers aren't that great in the summer and she sweats like a pig in there.
The little parent's viewing area is like a little sweat-box where I can sit in an uncomfortable little folding chair for 1hr 20mins and deal with other parent's screaming or poopy little kids in a confined space...maybe I will start dropping her off?
It would be nice if they had bleachers the parents without small kids could sit in or something.
And better A/C.
All I ask for-otherwise my daughter likes it there and I guess that's what counts?
I dunno, even her dentist has a better waiting area for parents :/

I wished I could give them zero stars.
My daughter attended coach Ed's the high rollers class and was harassed and treated awful.
This coach has a demeaning attitude and makes excuses for everything.
I noticed from the first class that the coach didn't have patience with the kids and would get frustrated if they didn't do the moves correctly even on the first try.
During the second class my daughter had a blister and asked the coach if she could go to the bathroom to wash off the chalk.
I could see from the viewing window that he grabbed her hand and could also see my daughter's face in pain.
My daughter came running to me and he had squeezed her hand so tight that he burst her blister.
My daughter is not sensitive at all and has taking gymnastics at other gyms and I know that this is not the way to threat kids.
After the class I talked to the coach and all got from him was complaints about how the other coaches in the gym don't see eye to eye with him and he deviated the conversation to other stuff,.
I also talked to my daughter's previous coach to explain my concerns.
I was told that since he only had two-three fingers in one hand he might have burst her blister by mistake, but said that his demeanor was different from all the other coaches.
During her last class she was told by the coach Ed if she was deaf multiple times and was told to go away.
During my whole time dealing with this coach was pure torture for me and my daughter, he does not give kids a chance to learn the moves nor he showed that he cared about the kids or had regard for parents.
After that incident my daughter walked out of the class and told me everything.
I immediately talked to the front desk and she informed me that the gym knew of coach Ed and that they he has had previous problems with other parents/kids.
I spoke with the owner, but I got the feeling that I was ignored.
I got part of my money back, but not all because she said that I only had a problem with one coach.
To me it shows that she does not take responsibility for her employees and did not really showed much concern.
Yes it was only one coach, but it only takes one person to do damage.
My only regret is taking my daughter here, and I will not referred anyone to this hell place.
Their website contradicts to what actually happens here..beware it is not a safe learning environment.

We started at Go For It USA because of Coach Ed.
He was my then 4 year old's coach at a community center class and when classes stopped for the summer my son wanted to keep going so we went to the gym and signed up for Ed's class.
My son loves Coach Ed and the gym!
He always enjoys his classes and is growing stronger every day.
I only intended to keep him at the gym through the summer months but then my 8 year old saw the boys team practicing and decided he wanted to do join too!
So here we are a year later and my boys really love the gym!
We live in south Las Vegas but I drive there because that's where they want to be!
Compared to other gyms with the same programs, their cost and class selection can't be beat!
Tammy at the front desk is really friendly and always helpful as is the whole staff!
They really care about the kids and it shows in everything they do and in all the programs they offer.
This summer (2013) we've had the opportunity and need to use the drop in day-camp and my kids really had a great time and look forward to every chance they get to attend the camp and really any other activities they offer.
We also did a birthday party there for my youngest when he turned 5-he chose the gym- and all the families that attended had a great time and couldn't believe how much fun it was to have a party at a gym and what's more, the older kids (12-13 years old) in attendance had a blast too.
My now 9 year old started with Coach Ed too, it was his choice and he really enjoyed Ed as his teacher.
He's now on boys team and likes his new coaches Dave, Nalani and Kyle who always encourage and challenge him.
If you're looking for a gym for your child, Go For It USA is the best place for the perfect balance of fun and structured learning.
They have so much more to offer than just gymnastics!

My daughter has been in Go For It for several years now and they have been so good with helping my daughter J'lyn xcel in gymnastics.
The staff are very friendly and easy to work with.
I would recommend GFI to all my family and friends.

