Dr. Fisher is the best vet.
You could ask for.
He has taken great care of all our pets with love.
Every member of his staff does a great job.
Would never go anywhere else.
I know my dogs love him as they go right to him and give him love.
if you need a vet do not go anywhere else go here.

Took my baby in because he was sick with a urinary tract infection.
Everything was alright, but I wasn't really to comfortable with the staff.
I'm originally from Ca, and the hospital I used to go to was so comforting and sympathetic.
I will say that the Dr is very nice, and he answers every question you may have, without rushing you.
A+ for that.

Dr. Fisher and the entire Oasis Staff represent all that is good with veterinary profession.
They are knowledgeable, compassionate, and really enjoy their work.
Jennifer is an absolutely incredible tech.
She takes care of my dogs the same why I do.
I've taken three of my Bichons to Dr. Fisher over the years.
Most recently, he completed a complicated surgery to repair an ACL.
HE is highly-skilled and very understanding!
I trust Dr. Fisher's skill, demeanor, and compassion to the fullest.
I give him the highest ranking possible.
I will write more when I secure the name of one of the techs.
She is the BOMB!

I think that Dr Fisher is an absolutely amazing vet.
My Lab and I have been visiting him for the last 3 years and he has always been very informed, extremely empathetic and always efficient.
I have never once felt rushed; he answers all my questions, encourages me to ask more and makes me feel welcomed and my dog feels well cared for.
So why a 2-star rating?
From my first visit, the receptionist has always seemed cold, unconcerned and distant.
To but it bluntly, I simply don't like her and it's unpleasant dealing with her.
I have never once see her smile and that does seem to perfectly fit her personality.
On my last visit, Dr Fisher was away and I got to see a replacement vet.
She was the opposite of everything Dr Fisher has been.
I had to coax information out of her.
Even with extreme prodding, I came home with only a marginal understanding of how to administer the meds that she had prescribed (and finally had to look online to get the answers I needed).
Plus, that last treatment - for an ear infection in my Lab - wound up costing me $173 which I thought was simply outrageous.
I am accustomed to paying a premium at Oasis, and so far it's felt well worth it for Dr Fisher's expertise.
This time, it felt simply over the top and I felt I received very little value for that money.
So, reluctantly, I have made my dog's next appointment with Sunridge Animal Hospital next door.
I am told that their pricing is extremely reasonable and their service is just as exceptional.
When I made my appointment, the receptionist was instantly a 100x improvement over Oasis's, so at least I have that to look forward to.
I will post a review there when I get to know them better.

I took my dog to see Dr. Fisher and I thought he was great, took his time and looks like he love hes job but his receptionist has the worst customer relation you could have.
I called just to ask a question to DR. Fisher and she would not let me speak to him, I ask please have him call me just for a second and she said hes very busy.
HE mite tell his staff to do that, I'm not sure.
Its too bad because Dr. Fisher looks like a good vet but because of his staff and is very pricey I will not go back.

The vet at Oasis animal hospital was great and gave us a lot of useful/helpful information.
But the last working the front desk was so rude and very cold when our dog was so ill. She made me feel very uncomfortable with her attitude.
I won't bring my dog there again.
It's sad because the vet was so nice but the person at the front scared us away.

Out of the three vets that I took my senior cat to see, Dr. Fisher and his staff were the best and the most honest.
Read Dr. Fisher's biography on his website.
He and his staff truly care for their patients and will not recommend unnecessary tests that could be costly.
Dr. Fisher and his staff always make themselves available to answer questions over the phone.
I've taken my cat to VCA and Sunridge and both places will recommend unnecessary and sometimes costly tests.
Doctors and faculty are not as personable as Oasis.

