Stanley King was the listing agent on a property  I wanted to make an offer on.
Would like to  make an offer right now on the home, told him we could do it on the phone, fax, email, right now.
He said no problem; there is NO rush because he had just put the listing up.
We said that we would prefer to put the offer in right now.
Again, Mr. King said do not worry, he had just put the listing up.
We made an appointment for tomorrow at his office.
I called him two hours later to verify if he received my loan information that I just sent thru fax, for the offer I was going to make tomorrow in his office.
He stated at this time to me that the house was sold.
I asked him sold, but you said that the listing was less than 5 hours old, and not to worry.
Turns out the house was sold to a person who was losing her condo through foreclosure and needed another place before her credit was hit.
She was a local and needed another house since she worked in the area.
He said there was nothing he could do, and the house had a pending offer and no back up offers will be taken.
I asked since the house was a foreclosure, how did they bank come back that fast?
He had no answer to that question.
This was his listing, sound like he knew the women who was  buying the house, or had something going on with the Buyers Agent, not sure what, but something was strange and appeared to be unethical  or ????

Wardley seems like a very unethical company.
They had a listing in December 2013 for 2443 Kaymin Ridge in Henderson.
It was listed for $220,000, and the price seemed low.
Zillow had it at $240,000.
I called the agent, Susan Kosh, the day it was listed and said I was interested in making an offer.
She never called back, and the very next day it was listed as Under Contract.
Is this typical?
If an agent wants to get the best price don't they contact all buyers who express interest and keep properties on the market for more than a day?
It certainly seems as if they might have been trying to steer this property to a certain buyer - maybe a friend or relative.
I will write a complaint to the Nevada Real Estate Division.

DON'T USE THIS COMPANY!!!!
READ OTHER REVIEWS FROM BOTH LOCATIONS... Holy cow this company is horrible and unprofessional.
It seems all the reviews support my opinion as well.
I would not be surprised if they were sued.
I dealt with COLT AMIDAN and he was so horrible.
He lied every change he got.
He tried to back out of a SIGNED contract.
He threw a temper tantrum repeatedly.
We can not tell you enough how much he will flat out lie to you- every chance he gets.
He will try to sneak things past you and insult you if you question the deceit.
We brought the matter to the Management at the company and they supported him with the lies (like the home has LOAD bearing drywall- umm no it doesn't).
When my award winning architect/contractor/inspector told him that wasn't possible he explained how we don't understand how homes are built... No, we very much do.
We work on homes almost daily.
The house does not (can not) have load bearing drywall but he stuck to the lie.
Colt explained to me how, as a woman, I couldn't understand so I should just let the guys handle it.
Every time we spoke with him he lied about something.
He made the process an absolute nightmare from beginning until after it was over.

