We used Best Storage to rent a Penske truck for a local move and they were efficient, friendly, and quality.
The truck was in shape and fully-fueled, the customer service was great, and the staff got us in and out very quickly.
I'd recommend them if you need to rent a moving vehicle.

I will likely be reviewing this business twice in the coming months.
I am planning to move back to Missouri for law school in June, so this review is not for the experience with the actual moving truck, but for the booking process only.
My fiancé and I visited this Penske location looking to get some information about renting a truck to haul my butt across the country.
When we moved from Texas to Nevada a couple of years ago, we used U-Haul and weren't as satisfied as we were with our Penske move from Missouri to Texas (we have moved a lot!!!!).
Penske has some clear advantages over U-Haul.
First, they don't charge you by the mile if you go over a certain number of miles like U-Haul does.
Second, they allow you to keep the truck for a full week no matter what, so if the move takes an unexpected turn, you're covered and don't have to pay for extra time.
Finally, they compound the AAA discount with a generous student discount without any type of verification process.
The older couple who were there the day we visited were more than happy to show us the difference between the trucks and to brag about the trucks' features.
I got the impression that they were genuinely interested in helping us figure out the best way to move without pressuring us with sales tactics.
In fact, they recommended I book the move via phone so I could get an additional discount they mentioned rather than just pressuring me to do it right then and there.
The booking process was smooth, friendly, and quick.
If my move goes this well, I'm in business!
I'll be updating this review afterwards... we'll see...

As promised in my previous review, I am updating my evaluation of this business.
I booked a Penske rental back in April and I picked it up today for my big move.
The employees who work at Best Storage are some of the most friendly, helpful, and efficient that I've found.
The truck was ready for us by the time the business opened in the morning and they already had everything ready for us to just pay and go.
Using U-Haul sure wasn't this easy!
I would definitely recommend using Best Storage for Penske rentals!
Perfect experience!

We stored our RV at this location for almost a year.
I was very impressed with the management and operation of this facility.
All the employees were very knowledgeable and friendly.
The facility was very secure.
The customer service was fantastic and I wouldn't hesitate to return to this location again, for future storage needs.
So I would recommend Best Storage to other potential clients.

The Second I walked in best storage I felt welcomed, they were very friendly and helped me find the best unit that fit my needs.
I would recommended this place for anyone who wants the best customer service and storage unit.
Peace :)

