If you are a quilter, you already know Quiltique.
They are a huge store just north of 215 on Stephanie.
Besides tons of wonderful quilting fabric in cotton and flannel and other exotic materials, they also sell Bernina sewing machines and accessories.
Plus they have lots of interesting classes.

Ask for Cynthia...she's super talented, friendly and helpful.

Quiltique was stop number four in Las Vegas for me, and probably the largest shop that I visited there.
At Quiltique, I found fat quarters available for just about every bolt of fabric for sale in the store, as well as larger cuts of fabric from the end of the bolts discounted.
Also available at Quiltique are many, many classes, including FREE classes!
Quiltique offers a monthly newsletter that can be read on their website, which has a comprehensive list of all the upcoming classes they are offering, so be sure to check out their website.

This is the ultimate Quilt Sampler store.
I have been to L.V.
twice and have shopped this store twice.
Don't miss it.

I don't quilt but Gus does so I have been to many and I mean many quilt stores.
This store is nice and large with very good lighting.
It felt clean and fresh with room to move.
There is a very good lick of fabric and well displayed with a lot of fat quarters too.
There is also several displays of patterns done with well chosen fabrics.
The staff is helpful and friendly.
Nice store...

It was an incredible store.
Great selection and lots of samples on the walls for inspiration for my next project.
If I ever get back to Vegas, I'll go back!

Wonderful fabric shop.
Quiltique offers a wide variety of fabric and is the best place to get hip, cool prints.
My number one fabric shopping headquarters.

I want to love this quilt shop because it does have a great selection of fabric, but both times I have traveled to the store, I have received less than helpful/polite service.
It is very disappointing that their customer service wasn't what it could be.

You don't want to miss this shop, awesome .
Wish I lived closer!

If you are in the area this store is a MUST!!!!!.
It makes you happy right when you walk in the door.
It clean and colorful and has a great selection.
The staff was very helpful.

The best!
They have a large selection of fabric and it's all organized so well.
Tons of great classes and fun events.
The staff are the best too.
Extremely helpful and friendly.
Never felt like I was imposing or bothering any of them.
Would highly recommend.
If you haven't been here yet, you should go!

I've lived less than two miles from Quiltique for over six years and only recently found myself walking through their doors when I took up sewing again...and I've been there pretty much EVERY SINGLE WEEKEND since!
Wow, what an amazing selection of fabric they have!
Lots of cute and quirky designs and they seem to get new shipments weekly.
Their customer service is pretty much up there...very patient and helpful, although if I've picked up a pattern book and have read it and stared at it for what may be construed as trying to memorize the instructions, they do come over and ask if you need help.
So far I've found Fat Quarters in the prints that I want but they will happily cut a Fat Quarter from a bolt if there aren't any available.
(This does not include the clearance bolts...I believe you have to buy either a half yard or one yard minimum, no Fat Quarters.
)  I haven't taken any of their classes but they seem to always be full and pretty energetic each time I've passed by the classroom.
Prices are a little up there, however the quality of their fabric is definitely much nicer than other "big box" stores.
Hurry up weekend...I gotta get my sew on!

I am a Beginner Plus Quilter with advanced and expensive taste.
My home quilt shop {SewVacLTD Long Beach) I was  taught early to appreciate the finer swiss Bernina Machines.
They are expensive but maintain trade-in value so you can work up toward your dream machine,  Can you say 830?
One of my newest travel passions has become visiting quilt shops.
In Vegas last weekend, I had a chance to meet the team at Quiltique.
If I lived near Quiltique I would probably have to start a quilters anonymous meeting before I found a way to move in,   When you walk in you are met with high ceilings, color and samples everywhere and a labyrinth of discovery.
There are amazinq quilt projects hanging on every free surface.
There are fabrics for every style of quilter and they move them so quickly that there are are always two racks, long full racks, of sale fabric and other products to go with them.
The classroom is big and open and welcoming.
The cutting room for the kits is roomy, organized and inspiring and of course, they were selling Berninas.
As for the staff, they are mostly amazing.
I was a little disappointed to be near a conversation between an owner and sales person while they talked about a customer on the phone.
They were discussing whether she trying to get a price to bargain with her local dealer.
It was also possible they wanted to work with Quiltique.
I would.
There were a couple of other weird little moments like that, but overall  the shop is amazing.
Overall, I am so jealous and in awe.
The only reason I didn't give Quiltique 5 stars is that their knowledge of how to do this right may have edged in to the arrogant.

I have gone back to Quiltique looking for Asian fabrics, which I know they have a great selection for a project I am working on.
I was expecting another trip with poor customer service, but to my surprise I had the most helpful person assist me and even remembered me the next time I came in.
Then yesterday I went in for a new project and the two ladies helping me did a great job.
Hopefully their days of poor customer service is over.
I hope so because they have a great selection of fabric.

I was in Vegas for a meeting, and noticed the Bernina sign -- just had to stop.
It is a beautiful, clean and well stocked fabric store.
So many high quality brands, I had a hard time deciding what to get.
There is a lot of inspiration in the form of quilts, handbags, and some clothing items displayed.
The staff was friendly and attentive.
They had some kind of class going on in a very spacious training facility.
I'd love to see a store like this in Scottsdale!

Quiltique is the place to buy your fabric.
They have the best fabric in town.
I make quilts and purses and I wouldn't buy my fabric any where else.
Chris Hubel

Really great shop.
Tons of fabric.
Lots of patterns for quilts,purses,bags, and clothes.
Samples on every wall.
Kits precut for you.
They also had a large clearance section.
There is classes too.
Staff was very attentive friendly.
And didn't mind lots of questions.
One problem I live in L.A so I will only get to visit 1 or 2 times a year.

I was so happy to discover this shop!
They have a great selection of both modern and classic fabrics, as well as a lot of cute novelty fabrics.
They also have many quilt kits at a variety of skill levels.
I've gone to several classes here, which have been very enjoyable.
They have a really nice pool of teachers who make you feel like part of the quilting family.

I was so excited to go to this shop today - I was there right at 10am because I have a vision of a quilt and needed supplies.
When you walk in its bright, clean and well organized.
The first person I encountered was awesome.
She heard my vision and was like 'new to quilting?
Awesome!
' I was elated!
Then while I was waiting for her I encountered another employee that was... Not rude but not very helpful and definitely treated me as if is as in the wrong place.
First, I was dressed down - leggings and a sweatshirt, my tattoos that are cool by my standards, no makeup, hair up - what I call Friday errand casual, I didn't have my wedding ring on and I had my extremely well behaved toddler in tow so she could have looked at me and thought "not our client base" BUT when she was talking to me she kept repeating how expensive, hard and not for me quilting was.
When I started explaining my idea she wasn't listening and she interrupted me twice.
By the end of our time together it was obvious she didn't get my vision and had no desire to make the effort.
I tried more than once to walk away and browse alone but she stayed right with me watching me look at things and commenting about their price.
Talk about annoying.
I asked for specific products and she told me multiple times how it wasn't right for me.
"Self healing mat?
Oh this one is xyz dollars and its a bit expensive for you", "circular ruler for cutting?
You could use this one but it's $xyz", "classes?
They START at $60 BUT it requires at least a $250 investment don't you think you should think about it?
"  Yeah, I do think I should think about it.
Good point.
Obviously you think I can't afford your products and you're treating me poorly.
Talk about tacky.
So, off I went to Joann's where I found a helpful sales person to explain some basics to me after getting me to sketch my vision on paper so she understood what I was talking about.
A big sale later I'm on my way to my vision.
Too bad that a small store doesn't want the business and sad that one of their employees is stuck in her idea of what quilting is and how customers should look.

As a beginner to the world of quilting I don't have a lot of experience with quilt shops but I have worked in retail and know about customer service.
I went to Quiltique on Sat 2/1/2014 with 2 family members while visiting Henderson and we found the store to be bright, clean and well organized.
The sales people were busy with other customers but still acknowledged our presence.
The owner took the time to come and explain the functions of one of the Bernina machines to my sister-in-law even though it was very apparent after the first 30 seconds she wasn't a potential sale as she knew nothing about sewing.
I didn't make a purchase in the store but decided after I got home I decided that there were a couple of patterns that I wanted and 24 hours after placing the order I received an email from Gwen M. that my purchase had been received and was being put in the mail that day with the exception of one pattern that was out of stock.
In the email she also offered the option of special ordering the pattern and sending out when it arrived with no S & H charges or deleting it from the order.
She also called to provide the same information.
When I spoke with her on the phone she was very pleasant and friendly and I didn't detect any awkwardness from her about dealing with a male customer who is purchasing quilt patterns.
I will definitely shop with them again.

This quilt store had really nice customer service and a fabulous selection.
I'm fairly new to quilting, but I found plenty of fabrics to fall in love with, and I really appreciate the samples on the walls with the patterns available nearby (vs hunting the entire store for them).
They even had nail polish available there.
Double win!

What a fabulous store with inspirational quilts on the wall while browsing the huge variety of fabrics.
The staff is exceptionally friendly and it is a go-to place to visit with friends and family.

I will take a trip to Vegas just to go this store!
I love it!!!
Beautiful fabric and the service is great !
They always go out of their way to help !!!

This was my first trip to the store and was taken by my mom who is making a quilt for me and wanted my input on fabrics.
I had been warned, even by my mom, that their customer service isn't the greatest.
To our surprise we were greeted by someone right away who was extremely helpful in finding exactly what I was envisioning.
Being a younger female and covered in tattoos, my mom said I would have had a cold reception had I gone in there on my own.
Unfortunately we witnessed this exact thing with another customer while we were there.
It's sad.
4 stars for our pleasant visit but I do plan on returning in my own and updating my review with that experience.

