If you want a woman hating, narcissistic and sexually inappropriate doctor.
then Dr. Howard Mason is your best choice.
I have awful insurance so I am often referred to awful doctors.
Dr. Howard Mason was one of them.
He is a "know-it-all" who makes assumptions about the patient that the patient cannot refute because he won't listen.
He believes his assumptions are correct and refuses to believe otherwise.
His conduct is consistently inappropriate.
He is accusatory, derogatory and sexually rude and crude.
He on one occasion told me that I was a "mental masturbator.
" On our first meeting he accused me of lying and would not hear otherwise, calling me a "lost cause.
" He consistently treated me with gross disrespect and expected me to perfectly comply to his will.
I repeatedly told him that I was making great progress with his requests, but that change was difficult due to dealing with the death of my mother and brother, caring for a chronically ill son, and dealing with the consequent bereavement issues.
I was unable to loose the weight he demanded I loose and so he belittled me, told me that I was "suicidal," and unwilling do anything about it.
I weigh less than 200 pounds.
I told him that if all it took to loose weight was for a man to tell me I needed to, I would have been thin a decade ago.
He glared at me and said I needed therapy.
He belittled me throughout that appointment.
When I got home I filled out a form that his office sends to all patients and I noted that I was not motivated by derogatory remarks and a negative attitude.
So today he erupted at me and blamed me for his inability to function as a doctor.
If you are a compliant little old man who looks to your doctor as God, believes it's OK to be belittled and never expresses personal feelings or opinions then perhaps Dr. Mason could successfully push you into your grave.
The crazy thing is, he thinks he is a great doctor - only if you have no health problems and don't require anything from him.
He is completely intolerant of people with disabilities, women with opinions, and anyone who doesn't idolize him.

I drove by Dr. Mason's office today on my way home and thought to myself, "Why haven't you written a review on this guy yet!!".
I'll make it short, but a couple years ago I was in pretty bad shape, health-wise due to personal life issues.
I expressed my symptoms to Dr. Mason and before I could finish talking, he said to me, " you are depressed and need a psychologist.
" He prescribed me some Ambien, and Prozac and sent me out the door.
My one-on-one time with him lasted no more than 5 minutes.
The side affects to these strong medications were far more worse than my initial problems.
A doctor who will so easily prescribe these kind of meds to someone before helping the patient find other alternatives, in my opinion is unethical and should not be handling the care of other humans.
Please be careful with this doctor as he doesn't take the time to help you and just tries to quickly rush you out of his office.
Luckily, I have friends and family who were able to get me off these meds before I was way in to too deep.
He will take advantage of your vulnerability and load you up with meds that will make your condition worse.

I see Dr. Mason once per year for my annual physical.
He is respectful of my vegetarian diet, which I appreciate, and he always listens to any questions and concerns that I have.

