I feel like such a traitor, but I have to give Tan Las Vegas an awesome review.
I used to tan here for years, until I moved, and it was the cleanest, friendliest, most relaxing tanning place I had ever come across.
The staff is so helpful and nice, and never act snooty or too busy to answer questions.
They actually enjoy their jobs (shocker) and are always smiling.
I owe this to the owners who take personal pride in the salon and actually work there as well as opposed to the occasional visit.
The beds are always clean and I have never found anything to complain about in term of sanitation.
The towels are always bleachy clean, and the eyewear is sanitized after every use.
The price is great too.
Mention you are a student, and you automatically get a discount.
No other tanning salon compares in the area, so if you are looking for a great tan, this is the only option.
Enjoy!

Great family owned tanning salon with an OC feeling...
I love this place because I always feel at home, when I go tanning there.
Ive been going to  Tan Las Vegas for over 6 years!
The tanning beds are great, lots of different lotions to chose from and great customer service.

I recently got my very first airbrush tan ever!
I was pretty nervous going in to the appointment since I didn't know what to expect and I knew I would be disrobing in front of a stranger (eeks!).
Well, Nadene at Tan Las Vegas put me right at ease.
She was so sweet and talked me through the entire process.
I ended up with the BEST tan I have ever had in my fair-skinned life!
I will be coming back regularly to Tan Las Vegas and will be recommending them to my Boudoir Photography clientele!

Tan Las Vegas is a total class act.
They have a clean salon, professional staff, awesome owners, competitive pricing, and the best airbrush in town.
They are so friendly and you can tell they love their job.
The custom airbrush does not smell, looks natural, and lasts when taken care of.
I highly recommend Tan Las Vegas to everyone I know.

Roy & Nadene are the awesome owners' of the wonderful Tan Las Vegas!
They have a contemporary Tan studio on the outskirts of Anthem that offers up everything you need for a perfect Tan.
It was my first time being spray tanned and they both went over all the details to know along with exactly what they used for their customers.
It made the experience simple and fun.
They also have a great special for 3 sprays right now that my girlfriend and I took advantage of.
I cannot wait to go back for my second spray.

Long story short, I got totally screwed over by Tan Factory and Body Heat, who took over for Tan Factory's stores that closed without warning.
I found Tan Las Vegas and decided to give them a try.
They have the best prices, no sign up fees or long term commitments, and the most beautiful tan salon I have ever seen.
Actual rooms with actual doors, fabulous equipment, great music, and the owners are just great people.
As I stood at the front counter signing up the owner knew everyone by name that came in the door.
No fingerprints or being asked how to spell your name by the same person several times a week.
Just a "Hi Jackie, you are all set in room 8.
" and off you go.
No harsh sales tactics.
Just a friendly conversation and a great tan experience.
I can't say enough great things.
Dump your old tan place and get over there quick.

LOVE this tanning salon.
Have been tanning here on and off and would never switch to another salon!
The owners are friendly and you can tell they really care for their business and costumers!
Great beds and yummie smelling tanning lotions!
Highly reccommended tanning salon!

I started tanning at Las Vegas Tan to prepare for my wedding.
The salon is clean & contemporary and has beds that give you great color because they are properly maintained and technologically cutting edge.
I also had a custom spray tan a couple of days before my wedding.
It gave me fantastic color that lasted for a week and did not rub off on my dress.
I would recommend this salon to everyone.
Lori

This place rocks.
Love the tan, love the people.
It was my first time ever spray tanning, and they picked out the right level for me and I looked awesome for Halloween!
It took all of 3 minutes and my friend noticed me getting tanner as the hours went on.
Thank you Tan Las Vegas.
I will be coming back frequently.

this place really is above any  other tanning place i have been to.
first off the place is clean and modern.
i went in a few weeks ago to get airbrushed for the first time and the owners (sorry didn't get their name) were both amazing.
they answered all questions patiently and thoroughly.
i purchased the special (3 airbrush sessions for $75 - steal) without any high pressure sales.
as for the tan, it was perfect, not at all orange or blotchy which i was fearing.
and the experience of standing butt ass naked while someone sprays you down was as comfortable as it could be.
:-)  i have since purchased a membership there and would recommend the place to anyone.

I have been trying something new lately, spray tan.
As much as I love the look of a natural tan from the sun, I am trying to be a responsible adult and reduce my chances of malignant melanoma.
I purchased a groupon for 3 versa spray tans, now I have done the versa spray at another tanning place and was pleased with my results.
So the gentleman has me watch the short instructional video and being the OCD freak that I am, I had to make sure I paid close attention and do it perfectly.
So I do everything that I'm told, and follow the video, I don't shower that night like I was told, well the next morning I notice I have spots EVERYWHERE.
I look like I have freckles everywhere, I'm pretty sure if I dyed my hair red I could look like I switched nationalities to Irish.
Not only do I have spots everywhere, I have an orange tint.
So I go in two day later to see if I have another spray done maybe I could fix this situation.
I explain to the girl at the desk and I show her my spots, the first thing she says is "did you moisturize" Yes, I did everything you told me to do, "well maybe you need to moisturize twice a day".
I absolutely can't stand when someone can't admit when they're wrong, I would have appreciated it more if she said to me "that isn't supposed to happen, I'm sorry for this".
Instead of trying to blame it on me.
So I did a second round of the spray tan, and once again I am full of spots.
Consider yourself warned.

I have tried many tanning places over the years and this one is by far the best!
The guy up front (I think he is the owner) is so nice and helped me a lot!
at  I felt welcome and got my base tan, nothing was forced on me and I was able to buy what I wanted without feeling like I needed to spend a ton.
I love it and I will never go anywhere else!

WORST EXPERIENCE WITH SPRAY TANNING OF MY LIFE!!
Apparently living in the desert and having very dry skin does not work well with spray tans.
I would like to have been told that prior to tanning and what possible side effects I could experience should I choose to go forward with the spray tan.
I am now a freckled mess and my hands look 80 rather than 39...The result is blotchy, freckled and hideous.
I was never given a warning that this could happen and when I went back to show the guy what happened, he had no remorse and never even apologized for what happened.
AAAAGH!
Seriously, don't waste your money on this crap; go play outside in the sun for a little each day with sunscreen on :((

I absolutely love this place.
As a Las Vegas native, I've tanned just about everywhere in town and I've always been unhappy.
But Tan Las Vegas is wonderful.
Their prices are excellent.
You can buy a bundle of tans or do a 3 month contract, so you're never locked into a full year.
I don't remember exactly what I pay, but it's way under $99/month, which is what I'm used to paying.
I used to get so upset w/ facilities that only allowed you to tan once every 24 hours.
So if I tanned at 6pm on Thursday I couldn't tan at 3pm on Friday.
That was a huge hassle when I wanted to tan 2 or 3 days in a row to get dark for an event.
Luckily this place doesn't enforce that rule.
You can only tan once a day, but it's anytime you want.
The facility is nice, the beds are clean and always have fresh bulbs, and the staff knows your name after your first few tans so you walk right in and they have have your bed ready.
Its family owned, and the owners really know their beds and care about their business.
They don't push their lotions or upgrades on you ever.
If you're looking for a cheap, clean, easy place to tan then this is absolutely where you want to go.

I can't say enough good things about Tan Las Vegas!
The people, the service, the product are all as good as it gets!
I have been going to Tan Las Vegas ever since moving back to the area a year ago.
My visits to Tan Las Vegas is a highly anticipated day of the week.
I use their high pressure beds on occasion but the real treat is the custom airbrush spray tan by nadene.
WOW!
she knows exactly what a perfect custom airbrush tan should look like...and by that i mean the tan looks 100% natural.
I am thankful for finding a true expert so close to home!
I will be a weekly Tan Las Vegas client for many years to come!

I absolutely LOVE Tan Las Vegas and its owners--Roy and Nadene!
Not only have they taken great care of me, but they have also provided great service to my daughter and my dad.
The staff is always friendly, and it's fun to just chat with them.
Their prices are amazing, and my tans last.
They are the only tan place that I recommend to friends!

This is the best tanning salon in the Las Vegas area!
I had my first custom airbrush tan in May, and it was easy and fast.
The owners of the salon are friendly and extremely knowledgable.
I will never tan anywhere else!
I would recommend Tan Las Vegas to anyone :)

Tan Las Vegas has every other salon in town beat.
The owners, Roy and Nadene, are awesome and they truly care about their business and their clients.
They're also extremely knowledgable of the industry and always make sure their employees are as well which is something you won't always find at other salons.
The salon is modern and always very clean and they have some amazing beds to choose from along side the best products for tanning.
Best of all they have the most reasonable prices and no long term commitments.
If you're looking for a new place to tan, check them out!
It's worth the drive even if you don't live close by.

I'm only a social spray tanner, but I won't anywhere else then Tan Las Vegas!
Both of the owners are so incredibly friendly, there's never a long wait for the booth and the tan comes out great every time.
Not to mention, that have good prices.
I highly recommend giving them a try!

