After a very bad experience with Aaron Brothers, I asked a friend at the gallery I purchased the painting to recommend a framer.
She highly recommended Monster Framing, and I'm very glad she did.
I had two paintings framed in a floating frame.
The paintings were a little off size, as many custom canvases are, but Monster got them looking perfect.
As far as price goes, they ended up being only slightly higher than Aaron Brothers, but I had a coupon for Aaron Brothers, so I'm thinking Monster would have been cheaper than AB's standard pricing.
The painting was one on time and the staff was patient and helpful.
Very good experience and I highly recommend them.

I have used them over the years and they have always done a phenomenal job.
I have had fabric, posters, oil paintings and items from a movie set framed and they have framed every item that I have brought them perfectly (and not all have been easy)!!!
All of the work is custom to your needs and the staff is very nice and helpful when it comes to choosing what is right for you!

STAY AWAY!
Although the owner Paul is personable and they act like they know what they are talking about...
I brought in a large job and waited a couple of weeks until I had to call them to check-on progress...they rushed my articles and framed with colors they made-up and printed my stuff on the cheapest paper!
For photos????
Wow!
Then when I demanded my remaining pieces back, they LOST one of my originals!
If you value your work go somewhere else.
They treat you amazing once you walk in they do the worst work product I have experienced.
I went somewhere else and received great work.
The price was a little more expensive but YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY for.
You have been warned!

Consistently good quality, on time and very friendly place.
The pricing specials they offer seem to be hard to actually get but otherwise it's probably the best frame shop in the area.
They've done six jobs for me.
All were well done and on time.

Monster Framing & Art Gallery really helped me make the right choice for a romantic gift.
These guys are really knowledgeable about all the different options for custom framing and were very patient in helping me create the perfect gift.

