If I could give this place no stars, I would.
Worst manicure I've ever had.
They upcharged my 13 year old sister kid sister without first alerting one of us the change in pricing.
Total rip off, rude service, not even worth going back to get my nails fixed.

Great place to get your nails done.
Super clean, my nails always looks terrific and Cindy always remembers me when I walk in the door.
The only problem with this place is that they are perpetually understaffed during the week and I see them turn away walk-ins all the time.
I can totally understand the other reviewers comments about the customer service issue and can see it's an obvious problem.

steven gave me a new set the other day, they came out great :) I will return.

Customer service went completely downhill!!!
After the third time of rudely being told.
"IM BUSY".
Can you come back tomorrow?
Or 40 min later!!
For an eyebrow wax?
I walked out which I should have done Months ago.
They have lost a customer!
If you are not doing your nails then they do not want to be bothered with you!
IN SUM: customer service is really bad!
Being told to come back tomorrow and rudely told "IM BUSY" when you just need a quick lip/eyebrow wax is just rude.
Cindy does not want to be bothered with you if you are not doing your nails.
It is a shame.

Terrible experience .
The miserable girl brushed my feet so hard that they were bleeding.
Then she tried to mop up the blood with a Kleenex and I thought they might of been bleeding .
When she squirted alcohol all over my toes it burned so freaking bad I almost hit the ceiling.
I passed on getting my fill.
I wonder if they no or care how dangerous it is to cut the foot when your diabetic.
Assholes.
Not even worth one star!

UPDATE: It has been just over a week, and the gel on my big toe has already chipped!
I haven't even been doing anything strenuous, swimming or anything!
Ridiculous!
If I could give this salon negative reviews, I would!
DO NOT GO HERE!
The negative reviews are 100% accurate, and I do not foresee this business remaining long.
I was visiting my sister in Henderson and she said that this local nail place offered gel pedicures for $20 without the "pedicure," i.e.
foot rubbing, buffing, etc.
That sounded appealing so I yelped them.
Their reviews were abysmal, however, my sister said she had been there countless times before and I saw that they were offering a yelp deal of 5% off of salon service.
I figured, what have I got to lose?
Boy was I wrong...
When I arrived I told them what myself and my niece wanted, which was gel pedicures with just the gels.
They said that would be $30 dollars.
I was shocked and told them that my sister had been there just last weekend and they were only $20.
After much discussion and rude looks from the manicurist, they said they would charge $25.
We settled in to our comfortable massage chairs and they began our services.
The gentleman doing my nieces nails and the lady doing mine were pleasant enough.
My toes turned out great, however, my nieces nails were awful.
The color was not consistent, the application not clean and you could see her natural nail through the gel.
When we went to pay I pulled up my yelp account to complete the requisite check-in for the offer and the woman (the first woman I discussed pricing with, who was not the same women that did my toes) refused to honor it!
She said it did not apply to gels, even though there were no limitations or specifications on the check-in.
The check in simply said "5% off any service.
" I told her I would have to include this in my review, to which I received a rude and blank stare, following which she demanded her fifty dollars.
I could not believe how rude this woman was!
I have never been treated so rudely, ever!
So my initial statement of wishing for negative stars is not an exaggeration!
DO NOT GET YOUR NAILS DONE HERE!
Go elsewhere!
This is terrible business with terrible staff and awful customer service.
The negative reviews are 100% accurate.
I sincerely doubt this business will last til the fall.

I called to ask for an acrylic fill and i was given a 12pm appointment.
It was 15 minutes away so I RUSHED down there.
Ended up sitting while other people were taken.
Finally got sat down awkwardly 1 foot from someone getting her nails done to wait some more.
The guy said she was busy with others and asked what I needed.
I said "acrylic fill" and he couldn't understand what I was talking about.
Finally, they tell me they don't do acrylic fills and cannot help me.
I told them I called and she said she never said they did acrylic fills but that she needed to see my nails.
I complained.
She then said they only do PINK acrylic fills, I said that was fine, I don't care what color it is.
She stared at me not understanding what I was saying.
So I said never mind and left.
Terrible customer service.
Will never go there again!!

Very disappointed.
Walked in.
Very rudely told no appointment no service.
So I made an appointment and came back.
They left me waiting 30 minutes could have walked in somewhere else and waited 30 minutes.
Do not recommend very rude guy running it named Danny.

