This review is for the Take Care Clinic inside this particular Walgreens location.
If 2 1/2 hour waits just to be told we don't treat that sort of issue here is what you want to be told, this is the clinic for you.
If you want a nurse practictioner who doesn't read the notes you leave on the check in screen, this is the place for you as well.
Health care in Las Vegas already has a less than sterling reputation.
Clinics like this one are definitely a contributing factor.
I will pay the premium for Urgent Care services and avoid this place like the plague.

This is the worst walk-in clinic ever.
I got here when they opened and 2 1/2 hours later....still haven't seen anyone.
Absolutely ridiculous.
I will never use this clinic again.
If you want to waste your time and sick time, this is the place for you.

A Walgreens like every other, but it's well-stocked and the customer service is decent considering the high-volume of customers in the store.
Specific details: - the pharmacy is pretty high volume on the weekends and weekdays after 5 pm, so there's often a line, but they work quickly here as well - cashiers move quickly - other than that, it's a pretty standard, well-stocked convenience store

Paid for 100 Diabetic Syringes for my doggy, Only got 40.
Great job there -_-

This review is for the Take Care Clinic more than the store itself.
The waiting line - 2 star  - I really like the computerized check in system they have here.
You can go on line or check in on their computer.
It is totally cool, except that it takes a long time to check in.
I am not sure if it saved my data from last time, I had to enter everything again.
This thing is nice but very inefficient.
The Nurse Practitioner.
5 star - I thought this person was really good and explained everything.
Helpful, caring and efficient.
c.  Services offered - Saves you from having to pay high fees and long wait times at the other urgent care places.
I think this is great.
d.  Privacy - Limited.
As they start talking to you in the main reception area, everyone waiting in this small modest area can hear you.
They end up taking you inside the room for more details, but the privacy is a bit sketchy in my book.
e.  Charges - We are under 60 but got the shingle vaccine.
Cost is over 200.00 per person.
This is standard as insurances will cover you after 60, but before it is on you.
I accept this but the system they have and how you check in does not let you know this in detail.
And, what is worse, the clinics billing is poor.
I paid all my fees on Amex and still getting a bill to pay the fees from their central billing department.
This bill is poorly done, not too much information and on the back there is no data on what to do if you dispute or anything like terms or conditions.
I will come back again, as it is cheaper than urgent care, but this place is not too inviting as the experience is kind of blah.

The customer service is always great and the store is always clean.

