Alright, I sympathize....crappy pay, no benefits, lousy work environment, but the checkout lady we had today was just flat out ridiculously rude.
Zero response to anything I said, which wasn't all that important, just hello, have a good day, that kinda stuff.
Nothing.
Not a word.
The funny thing is, normally in that kind of situation you would complain to the management, but at Wal-Mart, somehow that doesn't seem like the right thing to do.

note to Ronald C. - that's why you use the self-checkout lane!
ok, maybe i'm just completely oblivious to everything or have been living in the stone age (i did just recently get internet at home and cable not too long ago either), but since when did wal-mart set up self-checkout lanes?!
i had so much fun scanning our shampoo, conditioner and body soap, although i'm sure it irritated the customers behind us...i wish we had purchased more items to lengthen the scanning fun!
i've always wanted to scan an item and hear that "ding" sound!
or is it more of a "beep"?
kinda like the library thing, where after they stamp your books, they shove it somewhere down there behind the counter...i always wanted to try that, and i was always curious what that was all about (am i alone on this?).
4 stars just for the self-checkout lane...not to mention they literally have EVERYTHING at this particular wal-mart (even a produce section, tell me you've seen this at another wal-mart).
would've added one more star if the scanner wasn't so slow and rigid (you really had to pay attention and follow the rules, and not just go scanning-crazy like i had wanted...a friend made me exercise some self-restraint).
but then four stars minus one star because well, it's wal-mart...target is better (forever).

This was by far the worst Wal Mart experience I've ever had.
I went on Saturday at noon.
The Wal-Mart wasn't particularly all that crowded with the recession and all.
I needed a padlock so I thought I'd step in a grab one.
I took about 10 minutes shopping for the padlock, and then I spent about 30 minutes in the line to purchase it.
The lines were at least 4-5 families deep in each lane.
They didn't open many lanes, thus making all the people wait about 20-30 minutes to pay.
What's worse about my line was that one of the ladies at the front of my line had problems with payment and must have fiddled with her credit cards and such for at least 5 minutes.
C'mon, Lady.
Please have your form of payment ready.

This is the worst Wal Mart Supercenter around.
Never any carts, Never anyone around to help, Never the item yor looking for and the aisles are small, the shelfs are in disarray plus the prices have gone way up.
And there is always a long lie from too slow or not enough cashiers.
Then theres a person check receipts as you leave.
But no longer a greeter when you come in.
No self-check lanes HERE.
Wal Mart seems to hire people incapable of doing any other kind of work.
Always beggars in the parking lot and most of the businesses in the shopping center are lame too.

I live real close to this location and I avoid it at all cost.
It is always packed, terrible employees and they have no self-check lanes because its in a high crime neighborhood.I do however go here for Oil Changes and the Service department is great.
The secret to shopping is to park in back and check out at the service department if you must go here.
They seem to never restock the shelves.
On the few occassions I went to find an item I checked back the next week and they still had the same stuff no new stock.
Prices have really went up too.

Funny thing, if you notice Janelle G.'s review, she mentions she was staying at a hotel room, and a variety of her reviews are from Southern California.
As a Las Vegas resident, I have to wonder just how bad the Wal-Marts in Southern California are, really, for Janelle to have had such a wonderful experience at the Wal-Mart here in Las Vegas, verily the same Wal-Mart that is most convenient to my current place of residence.
I try not to encourage regionalism, but that really does say something very telling to me.
I hate this particular Wal-Mart, plain and simple.
The only reason why I rate this store as high as 2 stars is because the people that I have come into contact with working at this Wal-Mart are pretty efficient, caring people doing a thankless, faceless job.
This Wal-Mart's prices are not competitive.
The prices at this store are pathetic in comparison with what I expect out of Wal-Mart, regardless of their marketing.
I imagine it is because of the large amount of tourist traffic.
If you live in Las Vegas, like Rufus and Scott and I and others, shopping somewhere else is probably to our advantage.
At this store, I can almost never find pants that fit me, and I wear a pretty common size.
I can barely find sweatpants in my size!
Come the first of the month, don't even THINK of going during the day time.
Illegal Immigrant City!
There are at least 36 checkout registers, only 12 of which are open.

I haven't had a problem at this Walmart, but my bf and I tend to go here late since he gets off work at 11pm.
It's pretty empty then, and so worth it!
The store is massive and can be a pain to have to walk all over the store just to pick up a few things, but what can you expect from a big box-style Supercenter?
The prices are good and I am very impressed with the grocery area: it is clean, well priced, and has good quality food.
I go here once or twice a month to pick up some groceries and necessities.
Also, most of the cashiers we've had have been friendly and decent.
There are some shady people doing ghetto things in the parking lot sometimes, but I am glad that a police car likes to hang out by the doors around midnight.
It's not a bad Walmart at all.

3 stars for a Walmart?
Yeah...I would never have guess that in a million years.
But when we lived in Vegas, and we's-a-poor, we always shopped here...due to its low costs, location, and selection.
Sure you might wait what seems like 10 hours to check out, but hey, its Walmart.
Anyway, this location is 24/7 and HUGE -- and pretty easy to navigate.
But back to the 3 stars...it must be due to nostalgia.
Oh well.

This is a good supercenter- I got tires for my last vehicle, a Ford Explorer, at a pretty reasonable cost.
And for some funny reason, I seem to bump into people I've known or worked with in the past, here the most out of all Walmart locations.
This is the 2nd most frequented location for us.
Busy bustling location- a little older, but updated.
Right side has a McDonald's, produce, and general food center while left side has salon, pharmacy, health sections, dog food/pet aisles, housewares, linens, plumbing, and auto department.
Middle section is seasonal candy, greeting cards, books, electronics (dvds), jewelry department, clothing, shoes, and baby department at the very back.
Services are up front- nails, eye doctor/eyeglasses, bathroom, customer service department, etc.
Coinstar machine is also located here (free if you turn your coins into a gift card).
Depends on the time of day, what kind of crowd shops here.

This is the first Walmart Supercenter I have been to.
We don't have any in Hawaii.
I was very impressed with the size of the store and amount of products.
It is a one stop shop place, Walmart with groceries!
The prices are cheap and the store is huge, you literally cannot see across the entire store.
I came here for snacks and beverages so I only saw the grocery side but I was still impressed.
They have a deli and bakery.
I didn't get a chance to try it, but hopefully next time.
I was pretty impressed with their yogurt supply.
No one offered me any help or service.
And of course just like every Walmart, the lines were long.
The cashiers were not very friendly.
I like coming here whenever I come to Vegas to get snacks and water since the prices are good and great selection.
^_^*~

This Wal-Mart is just like any other Wal-Mart I've been too.
I can basically copy and paste all my other WalMart reviews onto here because they're basically all the same.
Not much to write about here, but that's that.
Just another regular 3 star rating.

This Walmart on the weekends in the afternoon gets very busy and the cashiers are very slow and with no self check outs it makes for a long wait.
Overall it's a decent Walmart

I was in the area so I stopped here to get some things.
The frustrating thing with Walmart is their inventory problems.
If they run out of something, they have no warehouse near to restock the item.
Instead, when the truck comes with the item it gets restocked.
This means it can be weeks before an item is back on the shelf.
I found that here yesterday.
A couple of things were missing from the shelves.
Unless you hop from one store to another you wait or buy it somewhere else.
Checkout was very slow.
They changed checkers as I neared the front of the line.
Rule of thumb--if you see me in line, get in another one.
I have the ability to always pick the slowest moving checkout!
*** 1 star rating to the McDonald's at this Walmart ***  At this time of the year, I indulge in an eggnog shake a few times.
That's what I ordered.
There was some consternation as she filled the cup.
Another McD employee came over and got some out of the tap and tried it.
She then added the whipped cream and cherry to my eggnog shake.
However, he brought it over and told me it was orange freeze or something like that.
They had no eggnog.
I left after getting a refund.
I hope he enjoyed the shake.

4-stars because it's: - Open 24/7 - Sells groceries - Convenient location in a plaza with a Lowe's, Office Depot, Taco Bell, Starbucks, Jamba Juice... - Friendly staff

Walked in to pick something up from the ship to store department, and the register is closed but next to it is layway and there were 5 people in line and the gentlemen at the register said that the other lane/register is closed.
I told him "call for help then, because I'm not here for layway"  2 other ladies in line agreed and said they were waiting too because no one would come help him.
Well it happened that we were near the employee back entrance or something and I told someone in that back hallway to immediately go call someone to help this guy out because we are not all here for layaway and no one is helping him.
Within 2 minutes someone came to help him.
They were still a little slow but not nearly as bad as before.
It still took almost 30 min from the time I came in, to the time I finally got my 2 items and they allowed me to pull around back to pick it up because it was too large to wheel through the store on a flatbed cart.
Not necessarily poor service but definitely LACK OF HELP to properly take care of customers!

I effing hate this place!
I hate Wal-Mart in general, but this one is soooo horrid!
What makes this place hella lame is plain and simple...
THE PEOPLE!
HELLA GHETTO PEOPLE!
I HATE THEM!
Now this place is not near my home, but I go here rather than Ft. Apache, but this will never happen again!
The store is filthy, they always only have 2 lanes open, the cashiers are a bunch of ghetto d-bags, and everything is mis-priced.
Go here to deal with lame people with idiotic attitudes and to catch a staph infection!

This is more of a tip other than a review.
Bad news for the law abiding gun owner.
This particular Walmart has a policy of only selling 3 boxes of ammo per person per day.
The friendly/grumpy cashier wasn't too fond of this policy either.
He mentions that corporate might be doing this policy across the board for all Walmarts.
Walmart still has very reasonable prices for ammo but this limit sucks BOOTY!!!
Because of the mayhem going on, it's difficult to find ammo these days.
Walmart however is still stocking them.
You just have to be there as soon as the shipments arrive.
Walmart still has reasonable prices.
3 box limit policy SUCKS ASS!!!
Always a chore to hunt down someone in sporting goods.

I was totally disgusted with the McDONALD'S in this store.
Two tills open but it took the two cashiers ages to take our orders.
Looking behind the counter at the coffee stations etc.
looked disgusting.
Lots of garbage lying around inside the restaurant, each empty table had piles of garbage on them.
I first had to clear the table then go to counter to get a cloth to clean the table and benches.
Retuned the cloth that was black with dirt.
Now I was ready to eat but the potato hash brown was so old there was no potato it.
I then went to the girl who had served me with it and she turned around and asked the other girl to help me!
A woman came out from the back (maybe a supervisor), looked at me, looked at the hash brown, told me to throw it in the garbage and got me another on.
I have been many places in the world and have always enjoyed my experience at McDonalds but not this time!!
This place is so dirty that even walking in it, my shoes were sticking to the floors.
The insolence of the Spanish speaking cashier is definitely not what I normally experience.
The WASHROOM in the Walmart was so disgusting that I left.
I told the Walmart greeter about the WASHROOM but she just shrugged her shoulders!
I am also sending this on to Walmart.
Thank you

For folks that live in the Summerlin area (I'm on that border right outside...sheesh, it's like the poor folk lookin' in) this Walmart is the closest one for many.
Strange, and yet it's kinda in the GHETTO!
You don't want to be in this Walmart shopping center late at night, I wouldn't call it exactly safe.
Bring your mace.
Or your pepper spray.
Or your overzealous chihuahua.
I come to this Walmart because it's closest to my work and I occasionally stop by for last minute groceries on my way home to make dinner.
Yes, folks I do it all.
Cook, clean, take care of the kids, keep the lady happy.
It's a wonder I can still fit in a workout and keep up my good looks.
OK, I'm just kidding about that last part.
I'm by no means ugly but I can tell you I moisturize every night!
This Walmart is a Super Center and should have basically everything you need for your budding household.
From groceries to tires to some damn cheap looking lingerie and FAKE Hello Kitty products (since when does she have damn eyelashes??
), it's all addressed here.
Therein lies the problem.
A big issue is the thing you often need can be out of stock, or not the brand you want.
I don't always have to have name brand, but I'm not big into the 'Great Value' Walmart brand much either.
It just seems...cheap.
And that's the point with Walmart.
The cheaper the better.
The cheaper the more people will come in and shop.
I do admit, they kill it when it comes to pricing for majority of their things compared to their competition (almost every other store).
And if their price doesn't beat the competition?
Show them an ad and they'll price match it on the spot.
Talk about trying to start a MONOPOLY.
I've been to many Walmarts here but this one is just so dated.
it's often dirty and grungy, the floors have seen many a better day.
You would figure with the amount of traffic this Walmart gets there would be some room in the budget for a building overhaul eventually.
DO NOT even get me started with the bathrooms.
They are always dirty.
Always.
Another gripe I have with this Walmart?
The lack of a decent Asian grocery section.
The Walmart on Tropical closer to my home has a good amount of things that I would need for cooking an Asian meal in case I didn't want to drive all the way to Spring Mountain (old Asian lady drivers scare me).
This Walmart?
Tiniest Asian section of all the Walmarts I've been to.
What am I, on Chopped?
I can just see Tim Allen going, "Your secret ingredients are: old soy sauce, sweet & sour sauce, teriyaki sauce, bamboo shoots, and rice candy.
"  Shizz, talk about being screwed!
Although I could still probably make a meal out of that stuff.
The employees here are hit and miss.
Some of the checkers I like are one of the Filipino guys (funny dude), a Hawaiian lady (I actually understand Pidgin), and a caucasian lady (she it very nice and patient).
When I am ready to ring out I usually go to the line with one of these folks working.
But wow, I've been helped before by some of the strangest of folks.
One fellow who I asked for assistance was like a DMX wannabe or something.
"WHAT?
Grrrrr..."  Geez dude.
Someone didn't get his Kibbles & Bits this morning.
The produce isn't the greatest at this Walmart because I often find it not the freshest.
Wilted cilantro and parsley?
Come on.
So when I shop here it's usually a quick in and out.
This one's got lots of room for improvement all across the board.

Dirty, under staffed,  90% of the staff can't speak correct English (which is a shame because the company tries to pride themselves on customer service).
I get the fact its 24 hours but this is Vegas everything is 24 hours.
This dump of a Wal-Mart should be condemned.
The check or lines are always way to long and only 3 registers are opened.
I don't like this Wal-Mart but it is the closest to my house.
So I guess I'm screwed.

ghetto,  ghetto,  ghetto wow wal-mart!
All the money Walmart makes!
I'm sure you have on site maintenance staff!
Get there butts in that bathroom, and have them fix that crap!

Is this an airport hangar?
Wtf!
I've heard of ginormous Walmart's, but this one takes the cake (for me at least).
That's not necessarily a bad thing, but finding what you're looking for isn't easy.
Plus, if you're an impulsive shopper like myself, you're going home with dozens of other items you never intended on buying.
Needless to say, you can find anything you're looking for and more here.
Consider it an average supermarket, a Target and a Dollar Store all smushed into one place.
The low rating is for general disorganization of the place (no bags to put fruits/veggies in, no prices on many items, no tops to bins, etc.
), the check out line situation (25 registers with 6 open) and the fact that several people tried selling me home phone supplies while I was walking around (go away).

Worst Wal-Mart I have ever stepped foot in.
Not only is it ghetto, but I went there this evening to pick up a few groceries with my family on our way home.
We decided to head over to the electronic department to pick up a movie.
As we were walking out of the department I was stopped by an employee who accused me of trying to steal the movie.
I have never been so insulted in my life.
Left my entire cart full of goods right there and I vow never to return to any Wal-Mart store again.
I will also be writing the store and corporate.

Disaster!
I have never left this Walmart content nor satisfied.
Let's start off with the fact that this Walmart has the longest lines compared to any Walmart in Vegas.
They look like they have more than enough employees on duty, but more than half of them are goofing off.
Not to mention, these employees dress unprofessional.
I understand that the uniform is kaki and a dark blue t-shirt, but the employees get away with sagging their pants, wearing excessive accessories such as chains, bling, multiple piercings, and wearing head caps.
Store is messy.
I was in the electronics section & whoever organized the phone and laptop accessories look like they just through everything randomly on the shelves and called it a day.
Same goes for the foods and clothing.
That probably means whoever stocks does a half ass job.
I once bought an energy bar from the section where all of the vitamins are and it was expired.
I was at home, took a bite & wondered why it was so disgusting.
Looked at the date, & it was expired.
Went back to the store but the customer service line was ridiculous.
I didn't want to stand in line and complain about something that was $4.
Another time I went to buy groceries late and night & picked up two blu-Rays.
An employee asked stopped me and asked me to pay for the blu rays in the electronics section, so I went to the cashier & waited for 10 minutes and no one was there to check me out.
Everyone just walked around pretending to do something.
Then I asked another person if I can just pay for my groceries and blu ray up in the front & the guy replies after staring at us for ten minutes, "no ones helped you?
" & tells us we can pay in the front.
Obviously the people working here don't know what they are doing.
Another thing, this is a ghetto Walmart.
It's not located in a wealthy neighborhood, so theirs a lot of unfortunate people shopping here.
So, at the beginning of every month when everyone gets their food stamp, this Walmart is packed.
Never expect to get in and out of this store quickly.

Went in to the Auto department to get a new battery installed.
Was in and out within 45 min.the price of the battery was great and free installation and old battery disposal (free) was one of the nicer Walmart experiences ive ever had......
The reason for 4 stars is the girl that rung me up in the auto department messed up on the money and i had to remind her twice to give me my change.
She also charged me for battery disposal which i also had to remind her of.
They were not that busy so im not sure what that was all about.
ut best believe i know what the hell is going on with my money lol

Not a very good Wal Mart.
The store is messy and dirty, as well as dimly lit in spots.
I only encountered one employee and she was friendly enough, but it wasn't enough to save this place for me.
Would steer clear if I were you.

This location is terrible.
I usually don't shop at Walmart, mostly because of their policies and politics, but in this case I was shopping online and they had 1 of the items I was looking for in stock so I ordered for store pick up so I wouldn't have to wait for it to be shipped from another online retailer.
When I showed up to pick up my item, I waited for about 30 min in the customer service line before being told I was in the wrong line.
Seriously?
Why wasn't I told this in the pick-up email or why wasn't there a sign posted?!
I then made my way to the back of the store near layaway, which also doubles as a Walmart .com pick-up counter.
There were only 2 people in front of me but I waited another 20-30 min there before it was my turn because there was only 1 associate at the counter.
When I got up to the counter, the associate left for a while with no explanation while I stood there for about 5 min wondering whether anyone was going to return to assist me.
When the associate finally returned and looked up my order, she shouted to another person to grab my order for her so that she could run to the bathroom.
Talk about customer service...what a hassle to shop at Walmart!

Well i just went to do some shopping at this walmart and my first stop was to get some razer refills which are now behind plexiglass so now NOT only  do you have to try and track down a store employee to unlock it (good luck) BUT THEN THEY HAVE TO WALK YOU TO THE CHECK OUT STAND TO PAY FOR IT!
WOW talk about bad business, i wasnt going to wait in the checkout line (w the store employee standing there w me) to pay for this $5 item and then GO BACK to do my shopping(about $100) and then wait in line again!
OH BROTHER!
The fact is walmart is a monopoly and they can treat their customers any way they want!
ok Target im counting on you to come thru  :)

I don't know why, but this seems to be the Walmart that I frequent the most.
It's by our threading salon that is down the street, so I'm guessing that may play a part.
I don't know what it is about Walmarts though, the service is always terrible but the price is always right.
I suppose it does make a little bit of sense though; you can't have great service or low prices if you pay the workers too much.
Surprisingly, this location was pretty clean.
I've been to plenty of Walmarts that make me feel I need to take a shower when I leave them.
So, long story short, it's a Walmart but I guess it's a little better than average for a Walmart.

I was really shocked to see the store so organized & in order so soon after Christmas.
I really liked the new product they got in i.e.
Clothes, jackets warm clothes.

I'm really not a fan of this company, and I dislike supporting them.
But jeez there are a ton of them on this side of town!
Stopped in earlier this week.
It's been a good few years and a couple of states since I've been in a Walmart, and everything looks the same.
Except maybe the prices.
I guess even Walmart has been affected by inflation and the economy.
The only redeeming factor about this place is their low, low prices.
So when I walk in and the prices are just about average with everyone else, I'm really confused as to how they're still open and, apparently, thriving.
I'm betting it has something to do with the scant 3 employees running a total of 2 registers and overseeing the self-checkout.

This walmart location is okay they always have the things that im looking for and the customer service is okay at best the only negative thing I can say about this walmart is each time ive come to this store its messy and unorganized but other then that I usually always shop here.

Simply put...gross.
I only needed some liquid foundation in the beauty department.
A lot out of stock, and what was in stock was previously opened.
There was makeup smeared everywhere.
Ugh.
The bathroom was nasty.
There was nothing nice about it.
Looked like it could use a power wash. Outside there were carts everywhere.
Poorly managed store.
Will never go back, even though I drive by this location every day to work.

I have two reviews of this place: 1.
Came for black Friday shopping.
Im an avid black Friday shopper and 2013  was the most unorganized awful experience.
I've been to others across town this place was ridiculous.
Ended up not buying anything because of it.
I am in today to get an oil change they said it would be 45 min,  ok went to do some shopping.
Couldn't find a sales associate to help me find a toilet seat for 20.
It has more been an hour and 40 mins and I'm still waiting.
Will not be getting the next one here.
Side note: walked in in workout clothes ended up being one of the best dressed people in the store.

2am is the time to go to any Walmart...
They have everything I need in 1 Stop

I had an issue with a lawn mower I bought here.
I took it back thinking they were going to make me go to some service shop the recommend to get it fixed.
Just the opposite.
The lady at the counter was so helpful She even was able to give me a better model for the same price because of my hassle.
The return line was long today for some reason but well worth wait!

The managers here a really great.the sporting goods department is another story.the guy back there thinks he is an ammo god.
Says he's humoring the cameras but he seems to get off on making people wait.the true definition of a goober.

This location is pretty terrible.
There's people walking inside and out always asking for money and there are cops always present.
Most of the food I've ever got at the deli was cold and if you want to get everything you want, you might as well come during restock.
The only reason that I gave this a 2 was because unfortunately I've been to a worse Walmart.

Meh.
It's a Walmart.
Nice clothes section, for a Walmart.
The checkers are unusually pleasant here.
I do like the deli section, they keep it loving, no standing idly while I wait.
Picked up some cereal, they always have my special favorite.

