Pretty good menu selection and food for a neighborhood bar.
I had a great steak here for under $20 bucks.
I think it was better then ones I get on the strip for $60.

We continue to return to Henry's hoping it becomes more consistent.
When they get it all right - it is fantastic and the food is wonderful.
But, when they get it wrong, it is really bad.
Our family favorite is Thursday night, prime rib night.
Most of the time the food is right on.
But, I have eaten there where the rolls have been over cooked, prime rib is over cooked, vegetables look like they have been around since the beginning of time and then on top of it, the food is served cold.
There breakfast is good and burgers are a great deal.
Service isn't good if the motorcycle club is there.
Too many people to be served at once.
We have suffered through this enough, that we no longer go when we see the club there.
When club isn't there, service is fantastic.
I wish that the food could be good all the time or at least most of the time.

Barfood, greasy burger soggy fries, not the worst but nothing to back for.

My dining experience was good for the most part.
Our waiter always checked on us to make sure if we needed anything.
The ambiance is on the dark side, low lighting.
Decent prices on the menu.

No complaint here in this little hole in the wall joint!
Even got good service here!

Every time we go to Henry's I fall in love with it all over again.
Best Bleu Cheese Burger in Vegas.
It's not just a little bit of bleu cheese throw onto a burger.
There's bleu cheese mixed with happiness to create an amazing cream sauce concoction that makes my heart ache with every bite.
If only I could make a bleu cheese sauce that delicious.
They also have a Farm Burger and Nacho Burger that put my boyfriend down for the happy food coma coma.
Good quality ingredients in a solid bun that somehow keeps up with all the messiness.
Their Garlic and Rosemary Chicken is fantastic.
Tender, never overcooked, savory and filling in every way possible.
The mashed potatoes on the side are mediocre, but who needs potatoes when there's a scrumptious chicken to devour?
Henry's is a 24 hour restaurant, and they have a GREAT late night menu.
Everything is $5 and the best bang for your buck.
The late night cheeseburger is equally delicious after 12AM.
They have the standards, 2 eggs, hash browns and toast, but the star of this menu is the BBQ pulled pork sandwich.
The smells of this sandwich followed me to the restaurant when it was in front of my boyfriend in the bar section.
Great sauce, tender pork, great seasoning.
It comes with plenty of fries that are crispy, well seasoned and not disappointing in any way.
To top it all off, they have mini-desserts, including a hot fudge sundae that proves sometimes you need a little sweetness at the end of every meal.
Definitely stop by here for a quick bite.
Even though not everything on the menu is as good as the next, overall this restaurant has great quality for a perfect price.
Top it off with consistently fantastic service and you've got a deal.

I stumbled upon Henry's when I moved to the area a few years back.
I kept driving past and thought I've got to go in there one day.
Well, one day I did and I've never stopped.
Though I haven't sampled much of their menu, the burgers are the best I've had in town.
Maybe I'm boring because I always order the same thing, but when something is that good you stick with it.
I don't want to forget to mention St. Patrick's Day, where their corned beef and cabbage is out of this world.
Yum.
Yum.
The beers are priced right, especially during football season.
Oh - a big shout out to Shelley who is the best waitress in Henderson!

Very good food, especially for a bar.
Bar is very well insulated from dining area.
No bar noise or smoke smell.
Wait staff friendly and attentive.
Looking forward to going back.

The service here is excellent!
And so are the burgers and fries.
Safe to say the best burger in town.
Their plain burgers and cheeseburgers are awesome, but the blue cheese burger tops them all.
Fries are hot, crisp  and plenty of them.
Give this one a try for a casual, inexpensive and satisfying meal.

If you want to have a nice long lunch with friends, good food, and not feel rushed to leave, Henry's is the place.
I've been going to Henry's for lunch for a few years and have never been disappointed.
Everything I've tried has been really good (I'm addicted to the buffalo chicken fingers) and getting your own pitcher of iced-tea, water, whatever, is a really nice feature.
The service is very friendly and very accommodating.

I've wanted to get a burger from Henry's since I read the burger edition of the Weekly Yelp.
I liked this place the moment I walked in.
The low light, decor, and bar area reminded me of a bar in Washington where I went to college.
Our waitress, Shelly, was very good and she had a good sense of humor (I love banter with a waitress).
My wife's 7-up came with a half pitcher refill that was set on the table.
The half pound cheeseburger was a steal at $4.99!
It was big, delicious, and very filling.
They have specialty burgers for $8.99 that all looked pretty great and come with a side.
The cheaper burger doesn't come with a side but fries are only $2.50.
The onion rings and fries were great.
My wife had the Reuben and, while it was very tasty, the meat could have been sliced a bit thinner.
Beers were cheap at $3.75 for domestic but I think this place really needs to have a happy hour.
If they did, I would come here a couple Fridays a month (being a teacher is stressful).
I would chalk this one up to about 3 and 1/2 stars but I liked it so much I'm goin to round up!

Great comfort food 24/7.
The best burgers you will find, there are places that come close but this place has the best.
As for desert, younwill not be disappointed unless you care about your waste line.
A great selection on breakfast until 11am and all day on Sunday.

The bar is next door-- never been there.
The restaurant is never full, has great service, and fantastic food.
Steaks and burgers are wonderful as is the honey chicken salad.

I feel like I'm finally getting further into the realm of unique local Vegas spots off the strip, which is great not just for the blog but also my bank account.
The $19 burgers in the casinos are starting to take a toll on me, literally, so coming across the $4.99(!
) burger at Henry's American Grill in Henderson was exciting and promised big things based on all the Yelp comments.
And although I had a couple complaints as I always do, this turned out to be a good visit.
Henry's is located deep in Henderson in a typical strip of retail, and seems like every other bar from the outside.
And honestly it's not very fancy or different on the inside either, but this is what to expect of a local pub, you're not really going for the ambiance.
I went at lunchtime but the restaurant side was completely empty and didn't even look open so I ventured to the stinky bar side.
I sat down at one of the high tops away from the bar, but I wish someone could have told me the restaurant side was indeed open because I was the only person out of a handful not smoking.
There were a few regulars drinking at the bar around noon, and it seemed like a friendly local spot.
The menu has typical pub faire; pizza, burgers, salad, supposedly a decent breakfast...but I was there for the burgers that many locals have claimed to be the best in town.
They offer a handful of 'specialty burgers' including a Bourbon BBQ, Mushroom Bleu Cheese, Southwestern, Nacho and a couple others, but the stars of the menu are the $3.99 Hamburger and $4.99 Cheeseburger, both with' the works.
' They even tout this on their menu as an "awesome burger at an awesome price.
" For sides you have some interesting choices: freedom fries, coleslaw, pasta salad, jasmine rice or fresh fruit.
I've heard some great things about the bleu cheese cream sauce, but I had to see if the $4.99 awesome burger really was as claimed.
The verdict?
For $4.99 it's pretty damn good.
The meat has really great char flavor, and just good meat flavor overall.
My medium-rare burger came out as ordered, and my cheese was melted.
The bun was good, it got a tiny bit soggy from the juiciness of the burger but held together.
The special sauce really wasn't too noticeable until one of my bites near the end, almost a red relish kind of sauce that tasted pretty good and made me wish it was a little more present sooner.
This wasn't an overly fancy burger that you'd find at Burger Bar or Bachi, but it was really good.
And of course I'm never completely happy, as the fries were really not good.
I'm getting really tired of the fries being the one aspect that brings down my meal; they're such an important yet neglected part of a burger meal.
They looked like they could be good, but just didn't have any great flavor to them and were a bit soggy for my taste.
I have no doubt that I would give this overall meal a much higher score if I were happier about the fries.
At $4.99 this is a really great deal, combined with some amazing fries and it could become a really special gem off the strip for burger lovers.
It's still definitely worth the price as maybe the fries are sometimes inconsistent?
Either way, check it out based on the price alone.

I must say this place is amazing.
I seen it for a few years but never tried.
Finally I decided to give it a shot.
Being in a strip mall makes anyone have doubts.
Went in and asked the most important question.
Do you use trans fat free oil??
Yes!!
Perfect, I'm in.
The cool part is the inside.
Modern look and cozy atmosphere.
They have one side restaurant and the other side is bar, some bar machines and tables.
The menu is straight up COMFORT food.
They specialize in American Fusion.
From their Famous Mac n Cheese, Pot Roast Sandwich with Buttery Mash Potatoes and bourbon glazed carrots, Citrus Marinated Chicken Fingers from Scratch with up to 12 sauces to try.
Incredible selection of hand made burgers and fresh made pizza.
Interesting to say the least.
They have a Cheeseburger Pizza with mustard, ketchup, onions, pickles, burger, lettuce and tomato.
Im sure thats whats in it, can't remember since I don't have the menu in front of me lol.
Someone had ordered it across from us and it looked freaking good.
The Nacho Burger was amazing.
Big hand made beef patty, grilled to perfection, topped with black olives, jalapeños, tortilla chips, nacho cheese sauce on a toasted bun with Freedom Fries.
Gooey goodness on a perfectly cooked beef patty.
The Blackened Chicken Sandwich was spectacular.
Marinated and blackened seasoned Chicken breast on a toasted wheat bun, topped with pineapple salsa, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and onions and served with Freedom Fries.
The Fries are so crispy and perfectly seasoned with their own special seasoning salt.
They definitely make you addicted.
I felt like a pig after devouring everything and wanting more fries.
But I resisted lol.
The chicken fingers were AMAZING!!!
Fresh chicken fillets that are marinated in Citrus.
Then freshly hand battered and fried perfectly crisp.
The sauces to choose from range from mild to Nuclear hot.
They even have a caption no refunds if its to hot lol.
I prefer Buffalo Hot cuz I iove the flavor or an authentic buffalo wing.
I can go on and on.
The menu is definitely something try and enjoy.
Can't wait to try some of their pastas and comfort food selections.
Until next time, LET'S EAT!!!

Open late love that great service and food felt right at home shrimp and fries and Mac and cheese to die for yummo!

4 stars for food, 4 stars for service, 2 stars for ambience/decor  Feeling lazy, we walked over to Henry's for some comfort food.
Before we walked in there was a chalkboard listed with the daily specials: split pea soup and chicken stroganoff.
Instantly, I felt like I was going to have dinner at some American's household.
We walked in around 2pm and the restaurant section was completely empty.
The bar section had a few of customers inside video gaming and drinking.
(The bar and restaurant is sectioned off by a door.
As soon as you enter, you are in the restaurant and you just need to open the door on the right to get to the bar.
)  Pros:  We ordered fish & chips and club sandwich.
The fish & chips came with cole slaw and for the club sandwich we got a side of pasta salad.
The portions were huge; I'd say 4 people could have shared this meal.
We liked the quality of the fish & chips because they used actual filets (and not mystery fish meat) and we liked the coat of crispy batter.
The fries were decent, nothing remarkable.
The club sandwich was a hit!
They packed it in with real turkey meat (not turkey ham) and layers and layers of ham.
All in all, it was a solid American lunch.
Kimberly was our waitress and she was really friendly and was great at her job.
We ordered a diet coke and she brought a pitcher of it so we don't have to keep asking for refills.
How convenient!
Open 24hrs!
Cons:  The decor is not welcoming or comforting at all.
No real sunlight gets into the restaurant (windows are tinted), the booths are designed with tacky patterns, there are wine bottles held on these wirey frames (uhm...is it a wine tree?
) and there are reminiscent 1920's-1930's bar pictures.
And due to the adjacent bar, some of the cigarette smoke leaks into the restaurant.
In my opinion, it'd be better to visit Henry's at night after a couple drinks.
BTW: It cost $0.40 extra to get a side of ranch!
I don't mind the cost, but seriously?
Current promotions: Monday Pro-football Specials (3-10PM): $1 hot dogs, $1 coors light drafts Saturday & Sunday (9AM-6PM): $5 off any large pizza, $5 coors light pitchers (in house special only)  Photos:  I posted photos of the menu.

I went to this restaurant for lunch after seeing reviews.
They advertised a 4.99 burger.
I got mine with blue cheese and bacon, medium well.
Fries were extra.
When the burger arrived it was substantial.
I've never been unable to finish a single burer but  this was huge and the fries were plentiful also.
The burger itself was perfectly cooked and the bacon and bleu cheese were very nice.
Much better that the new chain burgers places.
The place is very small and quiet.
I have been back by myself and with co-workers.
All the portions have been huge.
Cobb salad is excellent also.

I have eaten here three times, with different ratings.
The first time I got the hamburger.
Wow, was that good!
Second time was the Rueben.
It was good, but nothing outstanding.
Overall I liked it.
Tonight I got the "Bunker Hill" which was supposed to be roast beef, smoked gouda and sprouts.
Unfortunately the roast beef was really more like sliced pot roast.
I guess it I was a big pot roast fan I would have liked it more.

Quiet, good friendly service, huge food portions.
2 people can share 1 meal.

I've never had anything subpar here.
It's good grub for a good price.
My recommendation is to TRY THE CHEESEBURGER PIZZA.
Oh my... makes me feel like a kid again.
This place is kind of a dive.
It's pretty dark and the decor is very dated.
That just makes me like it even more - if the ambiance sucks, the food sometimes makes up for it.
This is one of those cases.

I shared a bourbon bbq burger + waffle fries with my GF on a saturday afternoon for 11.
- Good portion!
I asked to split and they ended up cooking 2 patties!
nice size for a half a burger each.
burger was juicy, not too red, tasty!
loved it!
- Service was fast and friendly.
Maybe bc we were the only ones there?
lol.
Everyone said hi, even the chef.
- waffle fries portion was not very much.
- gives you a extra pitcher for water :)  :)

DRIVE TIME / WAIT: After reading many rave reviews over this place I decided to give it a shot.
We live in the GVR/Anthem area and it was a short drive from our house.
Less than 15 mins.
For the first visit, I wanted to get take-out.
I actually TIMED them with a stop watch app on my phone.
They had my order ready within 8 minutes!
:)  SETTING/THEME: First off, I've seen many people complain about the "darkness" of the place.
Well, as it turns out I think it looks GREAT and I love low lighted settings (think Outback SteakHouse or Red Lobster).
Bright, sunlit places actually annoy me because I'm squinting my eyes the whole time.
They have the restaurant and gaming/bar sections separated by solid walls and a dark tinted black door, which I felt was a nice touch and clever.
The restaurant section was one really big room with good distance between tables so no one would EVER feel crowded.
All the furnishings were made of soft, light colored, polished wood with plenty of padded booths and tables for 4 available.
CROWD: Personally, I wish more young people would explore their food options.
There are so many wonderful places to eat in Las Vegas and it seems the only people who know about these wonderful places are senior citizens and "foodies" like me.
This place has a staff of waitresses in their 40s+.
There were 3 senior citizen couples there as customers eating in.
They all must've been at least 50+.
WHAT I ORDERED: 2 double cheeseburgers with bleu cheese and "the works" + 1 order of fries.
COST: $17.60 total.
They were a tad bit expensive.
If they would drop all their prices just $1, they would OWN this valley!
FOOD: The burgers were clearly hand crafted and well seasoned 100% real beef.
The patties were huge.
I would compare them to Five Guys Burgers and Fries, both the burgers and the fries.
However, Henry's American Grill's patties are slightly bigger than Five Guys'.
the burgers were delicious.
The fries were home cooked style regular sized seasoned fries.
I prefer light crispy shoestring fries myself so the fries here seemed sub-par to me.
The one thing I found disappointing was that I ordered blue cheese and they only gave me a small dab of bleu cheese.
I would've expected 3-4 dabs for that price.
If I had ordered American, Swiss, or any other cheese, you would have given me a full slice.
So, why is it when I order Bleu Cheese, you give me 1/4 of the amount of cheese I would normally get?
CHANCE OF RETURN: Definitely!
They have some great stuff on their menu I'd like to try.
Like the whiskey glazed bread pudding,.
and pulled pork sandwiches.
I'm @MakellBird on twitter.
Follow me!

ALERT  They changed their burgers in June 2012!
Reviews prior to that date are not the burger you will be served!

Lived in this area of Henderson for about 3 years now and have driven past Henry's many many times!
I've always wanted to try them out but never made the attempt.
My friend and I were at Costco the other night, and after a long shopping trip, were starving...plus all the sample carts were closing shop for the day :( .
He mentioned Henry's, I agreed, I had never been there, let's do it.
We got there, and upon walking in it looks like a hole in the wall place...but honestly, hole in the wall places have the greatest portions of comfort food, which is very prevalent where I come from so it was fine by me!
The restaurant is on the left side, and there is a door to the bar on the right.
Smoking is allowed in the bar, and there is gaming there as well.
It's on the small side but nice and quiet.
We asked for the menus, and my god....there is so much to choose from and it all looked super tasty!
Appetizers, salads, burgers, sandwiches, wraps, prime rib sandwich!
Dessert..omg!
Bourbon bread pudding with a scoop of Thrifty ice cream!
YAY!
I ordered the BLT, and my friend had the club sandwich.
We both had seasoned waffle fries.
The sandwich was perfect!
His was huge!
He ate half and took the rest home for lunch!
Not to mention the bar special is $1.50 bottles of Bud light Platinum for the rest of August!
Killer deal!
The food bill for both of us was $16.00, alcohol bill $13 for both of us.
We're already planning a trip back there this weekend!

If you are up before the hens or still awake like the night owls and you're hungry, this place covers your cravings from  plates of comfort food, burgers,and sandwiches to salads, steak, and seafood available 24/7!
I initially scoped this place out because they served open faced hot roast beef sandwiches which hardly anyone serves up anymore.
My husband was happy that I found this place and the gravy laden mashed potatoes and tender beef satisfied his taste buds and tummy.
I like the bourbon glazed carrots that comes with it myself as well!
Mooching off Mr. B's plate: Gravy Fries!
- only resto I know that serves it lunch dinner breakfast time.
Either brown gravy or country gravy smothered on french fries.
It's good, but a little too salty for my taste.
The Bourbon BBQ Burger is another favorite that is ordered.
Mr. B goes on and on how it's the best!
(better than Fatburger)  The burger seasoned and juicy, comes with bacon and a bourbon sauce.
Lunch favorites- Baked garlic chicken wings topped with shredded Parmesan cheese , Sweet potato tots, deep fried, crisp out, moist inside.
Mushroom burger with blue cheese cream sauce, it's different twist on a mushroom burger, I like how they smother the Burger in the sauce.
You need a fork and knife though to eat it.
The turkey wrap with turkey, bacon and cranberry cream cheese and alfalfa sprouts is nice for a lighter lunch.
The Southern Stack for breakfast or 2am cravings..Cornbread topped with sausage patties, eggs over easy and smothered in a hamburger gravy ...think the Southern version of the Hawaiian Loco Moco ;) Prime Rib dinner on Thursday nights!
Dessert I have yet to order.
The atmosphere, family friendly, laid back & casual, come in your shorts, sweats, (and dare I say roll in your pj's in the AM?
) Just walk in and seat yourself.
Main room of restaurant is larger.
Clean, never too crowded.
Boothes can seat 4 people comfortably, table seating can accommodate larger parties.
Bar area is separated by wall and closed doors.
It reeks of cigarettes but that is expected.
There are smaller boothes to dine set against wall.
Late nights you have to get buzzed in.
This place has been here since the strip mall opened and has outlasted many of the shops that have come and gone.
Service has always been spot on at all times even in the bar area.
Always friendly, they get our orders right even with the special requests we ask for.
Drinks always filled.
We're never rushed out of there.
It's not outstanding, oh-my-goodness kind of food by all means, but it does not disappoint and it's affordable.
Cant go wrong with that!

The place looks a bit iffy from outside and the fact that there was only one other person in the dining room when I first walked in made me question the positive reviews on Yelp.
However, I thoroughly enjoyed my German burger (Two patties, corned beef, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, and 1000 Island dressing on a burger?
Genius!
), sweet potato puffs (also known as ambrosia!
), and warm whiskey bread pudding.
The only downside?
WNBA playoffs on the TV.
I travel to the Las Vegas area for one week every three months and will definitely swing bye once or twice during each trip!

Food was ok but nothing outstanding.
My husband had chicken fingers which were marinated in a really tasty citrus sauce but my son got a children's burger that was cooked med rare at most - this wouldn't be a problem if it was for me but my son is not quite 2 years old yet and we generally feed him his meat prepared well done.
Would only go back if its late and everything else was closed.
Service was what was expected for a bar with attached restaurant.
Definitely not a good spot to go with your family - unfortunately i learned the the hard way.

Kacy T. & Terry M. are certainly smoking some serious crack (Especially if your ordering your child under 2 a freakin' hamburger).
Anyway... we found this place a few weeks back and it's definitely a hidden gem.
The Farmer burger is great with the Sweet Potato Tots, the Patty Melt, Nacho burger, Club Sandwich and Ruben are awesome too!
The price is completely fair, it's very clean and it's a great place to bring the family.

My son has wanted a good burger.
He ordered the Nacho Burger.
He said it was very good.
I ordered then Philly Cheesesteak.
The waitress suggested not to have the cheese sauce and only have the mozzarella.
I should have listened.
It was still very good.
My son has sweet potato tots.
Never heard of sweet potatoes like this, but they were good.
I got regular fries.
Nothing regular about them.
Probably one of the best fries in the valley.
They were extra crispy on the outside, while still soft and tasting like a potato on the inside.
We will definitely go back yo try other menu items.

From the outside Henry's doesn't seem to belong where it is.
It's not a standalone establishment, which threw me off a little bit because the outside doesn't match the inside in a way.
In fact I pass by this place every day, and honestly haven't even given it a second glance until I ate there for breakfast with some friends.
I was very surprised by the openness of the place, the portion of my meal and the quality of the food.
For me, I like mom and pop places, non-corporate and non chain food places.
I like to eat at places that are different so that when people come to town, we aren't always going to Denny's, I-hop, Olive Garden etc.
That so happened to be the case when my family visited and wanted to eat somewhere new.
I took them to Henry's and my brother commented that this was just the place he was looking for.
Good comfort food, great quality and great value.
I had a HAHA moment when we ordered french fries, and our server said they don't serve french fries.
because being an "American Grill" there is no such thing.
Instead, they offer freedom fries...see HAHA.
8-)  Quick tip/tidbit of info - it's open 24 hours a day, and they offer free mints at the front.
These aren't your typical peppermints - they are chocolate mints.
Like Andes chocolate from olive garden, but you can get more than just 1, and it's hard so it lasts longer.
Aside from the overall greatness, it's the little things that make me a repeat customer.

Yesterday about 3 in the afternoon the wife and I went in for a late lunch since I had to go to work in a hour or so.
I open the door and it's heavy like it's spring loaded, we step in and sure enough the door slams behind us with a loud bang!
Ooops I thought and I see the waitress cleaning the booths on the far wall, even with that loud booming door slam she didn't even acknowledge us, back turned to us and not even any eye contact or "hello, I'll be with you in a moment"  We take a table and still no welcome what so ever.
We are both looking at her and she goes on wiping tables and not a glance our way.
She is actually cleaning the rest of the booths and continues to ignore us.
My wife says, "lets get out of here" and I thought so too, but I needed to eat before I went to work and so we stayed.
I had to yell out, "could we get a couple menus?
" and the waitress was really unwelcoming and cold.
I am like, what in the world is she doing serving tables?
Maybe she is working two jobs and is really burned out or someone pissed her off recently?
but we are the only ones in the place.
As we looked over the menu some other people came in and she again acted like she didn't want to serve anybody.
I've had better service at Carls Jr. and if they weren't a few miles away we would have went there instead.
The burgers were good and a 1/2 pound double was too much for our appetites.
Fries were excellent and the cook with the black cap back there is doing a great job on the food.
The waitress circled our table a few times, but never spoke to us to ask how everything was luckily my wife somehow got a refill on her drink.
When she circled around us, I asked for our check and she was grovelling to herself and replied back like, "I"LL BE RIGHT WITH YOU AS SOON AS I COME BACK"  We left a few dollars tip and with that cold treatment from the waitress we over tipped in our opinion.
People like that should not be serving food, we liked the food, but will never be back considering the unfriendly waitress.

The husband and I shared Christmas Dinner at Henry's because, first, it was the only place open and NOT a casino.
What a pleasant surprise!
The food was amazing.
My husband ordered the Bunker Hill and was pleased enough to declare it at 10 out of 10.
I asked for a chicken fettuchini, while not on the menu, the chef gladly made it for me and it was outstanding.
Our waitress, Kimberly, was friendly and accomodating.
We enjoyed the quiet space.
An unobutrusive atmosphere with not a lot of fellow diners (which I attribute to Christmas Day more than anything).

This is the first time I have felt the need to 'review' an establishment, but after the altercation that took place last evening, I want to warn potential patrons.
First of all, I am a retired radio broadcaster from network news, and a local Vegas business owner.
The hoops I have jumped through to deliver a factual product, or make a customer satisfied, would astonish anyone EXCEPT for another reporter or business owner.
Ironically, I was accompanied by two other successful business owners and top rated Vegas Entertainers when my wife and I entered Henry's late New Years Eve 2012.
Our motivation for choosing Henry's was due, in part, by the later kitchen hours and proximity to home.
Our Entertainer friends had just finished several grueling hours in front of a New Years Eve crowd and food was forgone until now.
Upon entry through a double door security system which we all appreciated, we found the place to appear warm and tidy.
Other than a split second glance by the bar tender and a very few patrons, we were left to choose a corner table and relax.
Menu's arrived with some attitude, but who, on earth, wants to work on New Years Eve, anyway...so we carried on.
Henry's booths are each illuminated with a rather bright modern halogen fixture.
I love well-lit food establishments because I believe there is nothing to hide.
This particular fixture, that hangs down above the middle of the table, feels like an officers Q-Beam at a DUI Check Point.
One of my two Entertainer friends was immediately bothered by this bright light after hours of enduring the same while performing earlier that evening.
Cleverly, she took a scrap of paper and the salt shaker and fashioned a hood to shade the light from her eyes.
This was done several inches away from any hot surfaces, and there was absolutely no chance for damage to Henry's property.
Furthermore, removal of this 2 second hood would surely have occurred at meal's end.
Enter Mr. Bartender...  "Ya, that's just not going to happen tonight".
We quietly pleaded our case and we got, "This is a place of business...remove the salt shaker now.
"  as if we were kids.
We then asked very nicely for a piece of tape.
"No..remove it now!
", this time with even greater attitude.
Within seconds we were exiting as he stood behind his bar with a glimmer of satisfaction that his power-trip was effective.
Three out of the 4 of us commented how dissatisfied we were with his attitude and promised to take it up with his boss.
His comment, "A am the manager.
I guess you will be taking it up with me.
"    That, my friends, was the very moment I decided to 'pen' this review.
As stated above, I will do just about anything to find satisfaction with those that trust me with their business.
The bartender's attitude, if just slightly less abrasive, could have been excused by us quite compassionately due to the unfortunate New Years Eve shift.
A simple, yet understanding, request to remove the shade would have produced immediate and compliant results.
Instead, this "Manager's" controlling actions and demeaning attitude has prompted a loss of business to Henry's which effects his staff's income and the earnings of the ownership in a troubled economy.
Sad, so sad.
90 minutes later, we were sitting, bellies full of food in drink, paying a $100+ tab, tipping the awesome waitress big, and ringing in the New Year with the staff at Balboa Surf and Pizza.
Happy New Year 2013!

First off the outside of this place and the decor could scare anybody away.
There is just something about the colors and decor or maybe even the word fonts themselves that make me almost shriek.
I've driven by the place a million times over the past 8 years and never went in.
Thought I'd give it a try after reading reviews here.
First time we went we got pot roast and a bleu cheese burger.
Consider yourself warned, this burger is HUGE, and I think it's real meat not cheaper filler.
This was made with two heavy patties and a bleu cheese sauce and waffle fries were good too.
The pot roast comes with potatoes, carrots and a fresh roll.
It was so tender you could cut it with a fork.
Went a few more times and tried soups and pastas.
The pasta was exotic and different.
The clam chowder was excellent.
The turkey soup was good but slightly cold, all I had to do was send it back and I didn't bother asking.
The waitresses are nice and attentive.
If you ask for coffee you get a carafe, if you ask for water you get a pitcher.
We enjoyed lunch items, haven't tried pizza yet.
We didn't dig the onion rings too much they too thick and the breading fell off making them kinda pointless.
We tried the breakfast and it was OK.
I think we ordered wrong for what we wanted, we got omelette's and the toast was cold and hard ( in their defense we are having a cold spell here and it was cold in there in general so hot toast wasn't gonna happen despite any efforts), The eggs were OK, nothing special, same with the hash browns.
Then after we ate the waitress showed us the eggs and pancakes order someone else got and we were covetous... OK.. next time!!
That plate looked to be more up our alley and a better deal.
There are a few affordable breakfast items but some are over priced.
If they served a cheap breakfast 24 hours I'd bet their clientele would beef up.
We haven't done much dinner here or pasta, never tried that.
Overall its very good American food, most items are a decent or big portion.
The prices are kinda all over the place but you get options too like with the pasta special you can order a 1/2 portion for 1/2 price or you can get a single burger for less.
I think like anywhere else you just have to know what to order.
If I could go up to 3 1/2 stars in the rating I would.

Everything is good about this place, try the chips and salsa.
And nacho burger.
Very clean.

I can't believe I didn't stop at Henry's earlier.
It's in the same strip mall as the place we mail packages, so I've driven by it several times.
Today, we finally had lunch here.
The dining room is bigger than you would expect given its location, with room between most of the tables.
They had some pushed together, but it was not close to being crowded, so it didn't matter.
We were waited on immediately (service was excellent throughout the meal), and as a few yelpers note, they leave a pitcher of your selected beverage (for us, Dr. Pepper and water) at your table.
Also, I request a lot of ice in my fountain drinks.
The server brought me a whole glass of ice in addition to the pitchers.
The glasses at Henry's are large, so the pitcher was about a refill, maybe a little more.
But, I feel like this touch demonstrates a little care for the customer.
Also, we all know how frustrating it can be to eat, finish your drink, and you can't get the server's attention for a refill while you are still eating.
I wish more restaurants would adopt Henry's practice.
They probably lose a little bit of soda or tea when pitchers aren't finished, but that's maybe 2 cents worth of liquid, well worth it to provide better service in my estimation.
We had chips and salsa to start.
The salsa was good consistency, not runny like some chains, but also not totally chunky like pico de gallo.
The chips needed some salt and weren't warm, but that's not a huge issue.
To eat, the wife had the shrimp dinner.
This is a fantastic deal, 7 large fried shrimp, a huge order of fries and a portion of cole slaw for $10.
The shrimp was not overly done, which can happen when it's fried.
Excellent consistency.
The fries are of a thickness between thin fries (think McDonald's) and steak fries.
The breading was crunchy.
Very very good fries.
I will say the ranch appeared to be from a bottle.
I couldn't say for sure, but it was probably the least impressive part of the meal.
I had the bourbon BBQ burger with waffle fries.
This was a very juicy burger.
It's a large burger consisting of 2 patties on an onion bun.
I could have used more fried onions.
They are smaller, not the longer shoestring type onions.
So, they often fell out.
It was tough to get a complete bite of all the ingredients together.
The bacon was very VERY crispy.
I'm okay with it this done, but a lot of people aren't.
I had to finish the burger with my fork it was so messy.
But, it was fantastic.
And, it was only $9.
I didn't even finish the waffle fries, there were that many on the plate.
These were large and very well seasoned.
Although we didn't go into the bar, it looked comfortable.
A large bar with a couch area that had a couple of chairs.
Looked to be very cozy, and had a few people in around 1 pm on Sunday.
We will definitely return, and like I said, I'm kicking myself for not coming here sooner.

It was Yelp, Shirley B., and Vegas J. who got me here and they won't even realize it unless they read this.
The reviews, tips, and pics had me sold before we were even there.
My only main question is this- how the hell did I not know about a 24/7 spot, that's close to my house, that me and my bf can eat salads and appetizers and entrees for $34?!!??!
All together we ordered: 2 sodas, a nachos app, a gravy fries app, a 1/2 size house salad, 1/2 size POTW (pasta of the week), and a nacho burger.
Originally we ordered the gravy fries along side the burger, but she brought out a whole order.
We weren't complaining, especially when it wasn't any extra on our tab!
The house salad was good.
Fresh with yummy dressing.
The nachos were bomb.
I love good nachos and these had chili and cheese with sour cream and green onions then a side of jalapeños and salsa that went great with it.
The POTW was chicken curry with mushrooms and onions.
This was the only thing I wouldn't order again.
Not that it was bad, the chicken was cooked right and the veggies were good.
It was just bland.
It lacked the flavor you expect from anything with curry in the title.
My bf devoured his nacho burger, it had cheese oozing out the side that went on his fries.
(Who doesn't like cheesy fries) so yes he has cheesy fries and gravy fries, don't judge.
My only negative observation was they seemed understaffed.
I watched all of my food sit in the window for 1-3 minutes before being served to me.
All the while there was a second waitress who looked like she wanted nothing to do with the other one, nor her tables as she wouldn't even make eye contact with us.
Our waitress, (Kimberly was the name on the ticket) was still great and even apologized for being so rushed.
Overall I had a good experience and can't wait to return to try the mushroom blue cheese burger.
And probably many other things as well.
Thanks Shirley B. and Vegas J.  Shirley and I are already known for running into each other randomly so maybe I will see you guys there one day!

I'm only rating this based on the two times I've been here.
I will gladly change this rating if things change.
I live nearby, and in typical Friday night fashion, my SO and I looked for restaurants that were still open at 11pm.
We found Henry's on Yelp, and were floored that it's been hiding underneath our noses (only .4 miles away) for so long.
First Time: We walk in, and wait for a little bit, only to realize no one would be seating us soon (I think when it's busier the restaurant area is open), so we moved to the gambling/dining area.
I got a beer and fries and looked over the menu.
First let me just say it's nice going to a late night place that isn't PT's, where it's full of drunk, noisy people.
It wasn't dim, and loud.
It wasn't blaring rock n roll (dont get me wrong, I don't mind it, just not when I'm eating).
I found the Reuben, and ordered that.
Drinks were prompt.
Appetizers were quick.
Too quick.
We hadn't even finished them before our food was out.
Testament to their service, they are fast!
Reuben was alright.
Weiss Deli has a better one.
Or Jasons Deli if you don't like toasted reubens.
Not a lot of tanginess.
Crunchy fries were ok.
They kind of remind me of the Rally's/Hardee's fries, but without the seasoning.
Bill was cheap considering we had a beer, soda, appetizer and two entrees.
We liked it, and made it a note to come back.
Second Time: We walk in a little earlier (8pm ish).
We pick an area to sit as we recognized there's no sign that says "Please wait".
We pick an area off to the side, and we're given menus.
I order another beer (on tap this time, mmm Guinness).
Also order the nachos, the Herny's American Prime Rib Sandwich, Medium (I suppose this is their main entree).
Nachos are ok.
The toppings are a little bland, and the nachos don't really smell like nachos.
They smelled more like bbq, even though the flavor didn't really say anything about the smell.
About a third of the way through the nachos we get our entrees (damnit, I didn't learn from the last time).
Prime Rib sandwich was ok.
They didn't trim the fat off it, so I was fork/knifing the patty of the sandwich ahead of time.
The dip was ok. Wasn't very flavorful.
Came with a huge plate of fries that I couldn't finish.
Overall, was good.
Wasn't striking me as an amazing place, but decent enough to come to when things were closed, or wanted a "bar food" experience without enduring PT's.
And then 3am struck.
Urgh.
Food poisoning.
I was doubled over in pain for the next day and a half.
It definitely shook my faith in the place.
It's bound to happen anywhere, but out of the two times going, and the chance of getting food poisoning, I'm either incredible lucky, or maybe the cook was off his mark.

At midnight the fries are a dollar each and burgers are 3-4 USD.
They are really delicious and totally worth the money if you have a late night craving.
Although I don't recommend the sweet potato puffs - get the regular fries instead.
Oh, and the nachos are just delish!

came here due to the reviews about the food.... but are a few down falls to this place.
First off, we went on a sat.
night, around 730... walked in and there were plenty of empty tables, but most were filled with empty plates and cups from the previous guests.
we stood around for about 5 min not sure if we were to seat ourselves or wait.
so we waited and wactched the 2 waitresses scurry around avoiding us til one said just sit there.
we finally ordered 10 min later and in the time at least 3 more groups of people had walked in, stood around and then left due to being avoided.
the food came out fast, and it was tastey, except for my undercooked chicken that i finally let the waitress know about once she came back 15 min later, she quickly apologized and offered to fully comp my chicken dish and offer me something new, but it was ok.  food was great: chicken wings, fries and chicken fried steak... southwest chicken salad... eh  service was VERY slow...   but all in all, it was ok... just have to be patient

I felt compelled to write this review due to the fact....three strikes and you're out !
I'm a firm believer of giving a restaurant a chance or two to redeem themselves.
It's only fair and with their buy one entree, get one free coupon it makes it much easier to do.
First of all I heard so many great things about their chicken fried steak (I'm a huge lover of this).
Unfortunately it was very chewy & grisly.
I had much better at Ihop.
Strike one.
Secondly, I read the review about "The Hank" and decided on it.
After trimming off the big chunks of fat, it left little meat compared to the bun.
It was more of a Swiss cheese, onion and bell pepper sandwich.
Add the crispy fries were all stuck together in one clump.
Strike two.
Thirdly, (only because a friend wanted to try this place)  I tried the salmon patties that turned out to be flavorless.
No gravy on the mashed potatoes and the peas were cold.
Top it off that the waitress never once asked how we were doing.
We desperately needed napkins and had to resort to using our beer glass coaster napkins.
Strike three.
The quality and taste of the above food was well below average.
The cook that made me the 12.00 Fat Chunk Hank Sandwich should have been forced to eat it himself.
As I sat there on my third attempt all I could think about was..unbelieveable.

Judging by the name and font on the storefront, I would never have known this was a mom n' pop kind of place.
Once you seat yourself inside and look around, you'll continue to wonder "where am I".
The décor is not exactly consistent...it is a dinner, in a strip mall, with Tuscany-wine themed décor, and bathrooms that have industrial metal doors...hmmm...good thing I wasn't eating "décor" or we would have had a problem.
I instead noshed on the decadent sweet potato puffs (deep fried perfectly) and the gilled prime rib sandwich with my guest - who, btw, loved the sandwich.
I was not a fan because I couldn't get past the undertones of ancho seasoning - which haunted me until I dissected my sandwich to thoroughly figure out what I tasted.
Beyond the misfit of seasoning, the sandwich was fine and paired well with the (properly seasoned) pasta salad.
Onion rings were on par...but, again, I need to stress how delicious the sweet potato puffs are and cutely served in a lil' metal basket!!
The menu is several pages of comfort food, the booths are big and could fit 6 people, they offer 24/hr.
service, and beverages in big glasses...our server even placed a carafe of iced tea at our table which was a nice touch.
Service was prompt and enthusiastic.
Very clean place with an open kitchen area that was spotless!
I will return soon; can't wait to stroll in here with the hubs on a lazy Saturday when he is craving gravy fries or a hot turkey sandwich!
Henry's will be the perfect fit!

the gf and i take a trip to Henderson to visit furniture stores and flooring stores in preparation for our upcoming move - as you might imagine, i'm in a shit mood since this isn't how i like to spend a saturday afternoon.
we hit the gym first for a quick work out then "brunch" before the games begin.
Haven't been to Henry's in years, liked it the first time i went there so why not ?
I was a lil miffed waiting a few minutes after being seated before our drink orders taken ( place not that busy ) even more miffed that after we ordered our food, two other couples come into the place, seated,  orders taken AND they get their food before we do !
The food ?
GF ordered a veggie omelet ( after the list of veggies ordered along with egg white - cost $11.50) - it was a sorry looking omelet - small, browned to imperfection and the veggies were greasy ( she asked for no oil )   I went with the pot roast hash ( i believe it cost $10.95 ) - although a little on the greasy side, the hash was pretty tasty.
But a major ding that my eggs ( requested over easy ) came out with firm yolks.
bummer.
GF liked that with my diet coke order, they brought over a "mini-pitcher"  of DC so no need to ask for refills.
The slow service and piss poor omelet means no future visits.
crappy pics attached

I recently went to Henry's after reading wonderful reviews on Yelp.
I had the pot roast meal that was absolutely amazing!
The service was great and price was even better.
I will be coming back as often as I can!

Overall, I like this place and will eat here again.
My family of 4 tried this place on a Sunday early afternoon.
The place was not crowded, but walking in we weren't sure whether to seat ourselves or wait.
So after a minute of waiting, we just decided to sit down.
It took awhile to get menus or a drink order although the waitress did acknowledge us after we got seated.
She was very friendly and once we were finally waited on, the service was great.
The food was good - portions were enormous!
My daughter had the mac and cheese which she loved (it had roasted red peppers in it which was yummy).
I had a nacho burger.
I liked it, but it was so sloppy it shouldn't have come with a bun.
In fact, I ended up eating it with a fork and leaving the bun on the plate.
I think any of the other burgers would have been better - the burger itself was good but the flavors of the "nacho" toppings did nothing for me.
I like that they bring out little pitchers of soda so you don't have to wait for refills.
I don't know why, but that was kind of cool.
The restaurant itself is clean and comfortable.
The décor was not memorable but for a family meal in a diner like this, we didn't come here for the décor.
The prices were average but the portions were worth it.
We'll try Henry's again one day for sure.

Wow....what a great surprise!
Food is excellent.
How about a sandwich of beef brisket with gouda and fire roasted peppers on fresh foccachia bread?
Hello!--YES!
Staff is actually friendly (not fake), place is clean, no waiting (sort of empty :( ), parking steps from door--what's not to like!
Close to the DMV so if you have to go there---treat yourself to this place after.
You'll be glad you did!

This place was amazing when I came here a year ago but it has changed.
I would definitely still go here and it's a great place for a late night drink with friends.
The mac and cheese is excellent!
It comes in a huge portion that's good for 2-3 people to share or plenty for you to take home.
You can get it with jalapeno too!
I would give it 4 stars but the -1 is because the prices have increased.
The mac and cheese was taken off the very cheap late night menu!
The bartender is my absolute favorite.
He is such a great, friendly guy and can make anybody feel like a regular here.
He makes great mixed drinks and has good recommendations.
He really knows his stuff and makes this bar a special place!

I had the Bourbon burger with sweet potato tots and it was amazing!!!
I wish I lived locally so I could eat here all the time.

I've driven by this grill so many times and never noticed it!
Thank you fellow yelpers for checking in here.
We stopped in for a Saturday lunch.
It wasn't very busy so we were seated immediately.
Our drinks were brought out in a flash.
The neat idea they have is bringing a mini pitcher for your refills.
You mean I don't have to wait for my refill or flag down the waitress?
Love it.
The menu is very extensive.
There is such a variety of meals to choose from including breakfast items.
From pizza to pot roast to a burger... they've got you covered.
A nachos appetizer?
That has Bethany written all over it!
With toppings of cheese, tomatoes, jalapeños and chili, it was surely a winner.
It seemed like no time passed before our nachos were sitting in front of us.
They had a great flavor with salsa and sour cream served on the side.
I'd definitely get these again.
For our entree we split the Pesto Grilled Chicken Sandwich.
It was great!
The warm rosemary focaccia bread enclosed the juicy grilled chicken breast.
The melted cheese and roasted red peppers gave it an extraordinary flavor.
My husband did like the rosemary flavor... but not loved it like I did.
We all have different tastes.
Crispy french fries were served on the side ~ a great compliment to the sandwich.
I saw they offered sweet potato puffs on the side...  Sure!
Why not?!
They were good but not great.
A little too soggy in the middle.
I would suggest sticking with the fries.
Phenomenal service from Lori!
She was an absolute delight!
It just makes the dining experience that much more enjoyable.
They are a 24/7 bar and grill so I foresee us stopping in again for sure.
Can't wait to try more on the menu!

Good food, and service at a great price.
I had the cheeseburger and potato puffs off if the graveyard menu.
The total was only about $5 not including the tip.
The staff was very friendly and helpful and I look forward to coming back again....

This is a great local grill/bar for good grub, drinks and gaming.
They have a separate bar area from the restaurant so we ate first in the dining room and then headed to the bar for drinks and video poker.
The decor isn't consistent or memorable but it's a quirky and comfortable place.
The menu was large and there are great breakfast/lunch/dinner options.
Oddly, breakfast is not offered 24/7 here unlike other similar places in the area.
The service was good and food was out quickly.
It is your basic diner/grill food but cooked to perfection and very delicious!
We received excellent service at the bar and drinks were free while we gambled.
I will definitely switch off between Timbers and Henry's when I'm in the mood for an evening close to home.

Not sure where to get dinner on Sunday evening, my wife and I ended up giving Henry's a try.
We walked in and seated ourselves (hoping that was proper etiquette) in some rather spacious, long booths.
The one front of house staff person delivered some tables' food, then brought us menus.
Perusing their offerings, I decided to give their "World's Best Mac & Cheese" a try.
Since I wanted more than just cheesy pasta, I added the chicken option.
With our glasses of water, the server also brought out a small pitcher of water for us, which was nice to have handy!
Let's put it this way, one pound of mac and cheese, with a chicken breast makes for a HUGE plate of food to see appear before one's self.
My wife and I both took exploratory bites of the pound of cheesy mac.
It was....  ...
Barely mediocre.
The cheese was not very flavorful, there was an abundance of melted, yellow cheese throughout.
The chicken was... well, it started out as chicken.
It was grilled on an open flame, so the outside was charred pretty good and the inside was half dry and tough, half almost moist.
There was no flavor beyond charcoal.
$16 for a pound of mediocre mac and cheese, with a burnt chicken breast?
I think this place will not be getting my business again for a while.
My wife will review her food, as it was equally (or more) underwhelming than this dish.

NIGHT TO REMEMBER  Wednesday's three plus hour visit to the St. Rose Dignity Health's emergency room eliminated the idea of a home cooked meal.
By the time I was released it was already most dark.
So, where do you go for late dinner ?
How about trying Henry's American Grill that has been in our Garmin forever.
This place is a few doors from Fausto's and across the street from the dreadful DMV.
Two entrances, one to the dining room and the other for their smoke filled bar which was full of patrons.
Dining room was occupied by just one group of six and then us two.
We pulled up to the small round table adjacent to the open kitchen.
Tonight I'm in a mood for something fried.
It would have been the chicken fried steak and eggs but they only start serving this after midnight.
So how about their Pollack fish and chips.
Tonight Yu-go chauffeur can eat a bear and quickly focused on "The Henry" aka "The Hank" their Blackened Prime Rib Sandwich.
He asked our server Kali if she would request from the kitchen the closest to a rare cut.
While waiting for our meal, we're watching the Chicago Bulls/ Thunder game.
Derrick Rose is definitely back.
More interesting was the sighting of the NFL TV package banner in front of the kitchen counter.
Going to call in before Sunday to see if they'll show the Niners/Jaguar overseas game in the dining room where there's no smoking.
The coleslaw, tartar sauce and three large pieces of pollack was plenty filling.
Not to forget their crispy fries.
Yu-go couldn't stop raving about his prime rib sandwich.
He said it was the best with the rock salted outer trim, tenderness of the cut topped with a slice of Swiss cheese together with seasoned grilled onions and peppers.
He didn't think he could put the sandwich away in one sitting.... how wrong was he.
Definitely five stars for "The Henry" or "The Hank" when he eats it again.
Kudos to our server Kali who works only on Wednesday evenings.
Thanks for all the suggestions and information about Henry's American Grill.
Looking forward to returning on Sunday morning and trying out their chicken fried steak and corned beef  hash while watching an NFL action in Wembley Stadium.
Update:  Returned for another dinner plus watched a NBA game on TNT.
The chicken fried steak was over the top wonderful.
Prime rib this time was slightly disappointing.
Cannot enjoy and watch sports in this environment with the type of background music being played.
I guess we could have watched the remainder of the game in smoke filled bar.
But elected to head to the Sunset Casino for a quieter setting.

We (9 people) had an incredible breakfast this morning.
Everyone loved their entrees!
Best pancakes and hot chocolate!

Amazing food!
Savannah burger, the bunker hill sandwich and meatball sub all very good and exceeded expectations.
I will be coming back!!

It's says on here they're open 24/7, and the hostess said they were open (at 10:30 on a Tuesday night) but our waiter refused us service and kicked us out.
Needless to say we'll never go there again.

Always love going here with my girlfriend and the staff is great.
Kim and Kali are a great waitstaff.
Careful if you get Nicole though ... She's a little on the mean side.
At least with our experience.
They have a great selection of lunch and dinner options.
Great bar selection and fantastic prices.
Perfect neighborhood grill and bar.

We tripped into this place totally on an emergent basis.
We had planned to go to Bistro Pizza and were on the way to a show on the strip but missed the detail that Bistro is closed on Tuesday's.
My son, planner and navigator who missed the Tuesday detail quickly came up with Henry's as it was pretty close and well rated on Yelp.
Very lucky for us... and him.
The food was tasty, generous and served hot and fast.
And did I mention well priced.
I had a drink and it was a healthy pour.
We ate in the restaurant side, the bar looked a bit sketchy.
My son had a burger that was huge and I am a club sandwich fan so went that route.
I am a big guy but could not get my mouth over a quartered hunk of that sandwich.
The only reason they aren't a 5 star is the decor and that the sandwiches were out of scale.
Server was very nice, great food, well priced and pretty easy to find.
Give it a try if you are looking for good pub grub or comfort food and don't need the restaurant chain overlay.

Ordered blackened pork chop, and that's what I got, a severely overdone chop.
So bad I didn't take more then two bites.
I mean I could barely get the fork in.
On the other hand I was totally jealous of my wife's original philly steak, she did get a little mad that I was eating it.
The worst part was the 25 min wait just to pay my check, but it was sort of understandable since there were only two servers.
Overall I will go again and just stick to the sandwich menu.

Ive only been here once, but so far I am definetly a fan of this place.
1st of all there are 2 entrances, once side goes to a bar, the other goes to the more family friendly area.
We were here during late lunch hours, like 2-3pm.
The menu looked like there was a lot of options that sounded good, but since it was still lunch for us I went with a simple chicken strip meal with fries.
I was going to order 4  chicken strips for my kid, but the nice waitress strongly suggested I go smaller because according to her the chicken strips were huge.
OK, she was NOT lying!!!
We got 6 total for me and my son to share.
These could not be classified as strips, they were like 6 huge chicken breasts and they were cripspy on the outside and very tasty.
My wife ordered a mushroom blueu cheese burger.
Her burger looked amazing (although I do not like mushrooms or blueu cheese).
There was so much bleue cheese sauce and mushrooms all over the place.
In my opinion, better to have too much on it than not enough.
She was thoroughly satisfied with her meal.
I could spend 10 minutes ranting and raving about the fries alone.
They were thick, but yet very crispy on the ouside.
I am not sure what they use, if it's some kind of batter on the fries or what, but I love the crispy texture while maintaining the excellent mushy potato insides.
They also have waffle fries which I will want to try on a future visit.
The waitress was very kind, and patient with us.
We took our time looking over the menu and asking her questions.
They have about 10 sauce flavors to choose from for the wings/fingers.
I tried one my wife thought I might like, but of course I ended up not liking that one..lol.
In the end I settled with the hottest flavor they offer which was pretty darn hot, and I mixed it with a standard hot buffalo sauce for the perfect blend for me.
I did not go into the bar because I was with family and I don't do the bar scene anyways.
Ive also heard it is very smokey in there, but the dinning area was clean and nice.
They have TV's to watch sports or whatever.
Some may think the price is a bit spendy, but considering the size and quality of the food, I was happy with the cost.
I think for the 3 family members, we spent around $30 which isn't bad at all.
That includes our sodas.
I will be coming back to try some of the dinner options, burgers, and nachos at least.
I definetly recommend this place to anyone who might be in the area.
Also, just wanted to mention, it wasn't that busy when I was there.
Only 1-2 other groups of customers at any point while I was there.

Came in here after a four hour hike because I was craving a nice big salad.
I ordered a house salad and a Chicken Cesar Warp.
It was my first time ordering a wrap from a restaurant, it was pretty delicious I must say.
The portions were nice sized and the service as decent.
My one complaint is the deep fryer was down therefore I did not get to try their onion rings oh and the ranch could have been better.
Other than that their prices were reasonable.
I would definitely go back especially on a game night.
They have really good foond and specials on game nights.

I swear we've passed by this place many times but never really noticed it..
Thanks to Yelp, today was the day!
We came at a great time, there were two bigger groups in the restaurant and then the four of us.
Our server was great!
She was detailed and knowledgeable with the menu items, very friendly and attentive!
The menu is HUGE!
Breakfast, lunch, dinner, munchies?
They have it!
We decided to try different things and share it-- we got Gravy Fries, World's Best Mac N Cheese, Curry Pasta, Ham Steak, and Cinnamon Texas French Toast!
Just like their menu, their portions are HUGE!!!!
Seriously recommend if there's a choice for big or small-- choose the small!
Their prices are very reasonable!
Kind of reminds me of Hash House portions but this shits on Hash House!
Definitely a recommend!

How this place is not swamped is beyond me, great food (I had the prime rib sandwich, wife had the chicken fried steak, good portion sizes, very flavorful, the only bad point was, the prime rib was not trimmed well, so there was some fat in the bites, maybe you like that, I don't.
I should also point out the clam chowder, very good, in fact very very good.
Service was excellent, food is good, a great locals place.

Good food in LARGE portions.
Friendly staff and good service.
I really like their Mac n cheese and they're open 24/7.
restaurant and bar is separated.
Family friendly.
I'm looking forward on trying more of the food.

The kitchen is incredible for such a "bar feel" atmosphere.
(I went late, sat in the bar area, the "café" looking area was closed.
This review does not comment on that.
) Portion sizes are big, which is one of my favorite things about the $9.50 blue cheese burger, next to the sauce.
Fries were pretty good and for it being essentially a sports bar (they had the Olympics on) I would normally have given this a much higher rating.
The service was good, great almost.
Problem was my bartender seemed a little bit off, which is something I am used to in Las Vegas.
He did take longer to bring me the check then the food- next time I will ask ahead of time I think.... Lastly, and this is a big one....
I didn't get asked a temperature on my burger.
Don't know if they just don't take temperatures or not, but I would've liked it pulled off the girl probably 5-8 minutes before it was....

Found out about Henry's via Yelp.
First walked into the bar side, but being a nonsmoker, had to retreat to the restaurant side.
Service was quick and friendly.
Asked the waitress for her recommendation and she suggested the Hank or a Burger.
Went for the Hank, and a Nut brown beer.
Food and drink came quick.
Large prime rib with lots of crunchy fries.
Beer was good and nice and cold, not flat or warm.
Generous amount of peppers and onions on the sandwich.
Was hot fresh and tasty.
Prime rib was cut nice with little fat but still juicy and tender.
Only criticism would be that the bread got a little soggy.
Ended up eating second half with fork and left bread.
I would recommend Henry's to anyone that is looking for good food at a good price.
Was not blown away, but was happy overall.
I would come back.

The story will take a while, so bear with me.
Or just scroll to the bottom.
After a nice long afternoon and evening slumber and a few TV episodes, I was pretty famished.
It was well past midnight, and I had just the place in mind: Henry's.
Upon entering the anteroom, I saw the sign to hit the doorbell if the inner door was locked, so I did that and smiled for the camera (look up and to the right).
The door clicked and I walked in.
I saw the restaurant to the left and a bar to the right, where seemingly everybody was.
Since I didn't feel like eating my food through the stench of cigarette smoke, I sat on the restaurant side.
The late night menu was exciting to see.
Available from midnight until 7am, it offers a decent array of options including a couple breakfast options, some nachos, salads, and soup.
I was destined to get the burger, however, and opted for the $1.99 hamburger.
Couldn't justify adding $1 for a $2.99 cheeseburger, even if it would have been that much yummier.
Also got the crunchy fries for $1 and added an "appetizer" of two garlic parm chicken fingers, learning later that it's actually $1.00 for each finger even though the menu says to order by twos.
I was still a little hazy with the passage of time and such, but it probably took 10-15 minutes.
For all I cared, it could've taken half an hour and I wouldn't have been too concerned, given my prior experience at a late night place, but I don't think it too that long.
It just so happened that one moment I was looking at my phone, and the next I saw three red plastic trays on the counter at the kitchen.
The cook soon asked me if those were my items, given that the only other guy was still in the bar.
I indicated as such and he brought the trays out to me.
FOOD!
Oh yes, I had waited for this, and I was ready to enjoy it.
I grabbed a chicken finger first, and I noticed it was still hot, and oh so greasy.
A little too greasy.
I later saw a huge pool of oil at the bottom of the paper and got just a little freaked out.
I think the fingers were a little overdone, but they were still pretty good.
The complementary ranch definitely helped out.
Grease aside, there's so much meat here for $1 that you'd be doing yourself a disservice going anywhere else during these hours.
The burger was a treat.
There's lettuce, grilled onions, tomato, slightly too many pickle slices, and a special sauce that I couldn't tell you much about except that it was delicious.
The burger was well done, but you can't win every single time I guess.
I just have no idea how you're going to beat this value for $1.99.
The fries were also ridiculously good.
They're cut pretty thick, floured a bit, and reportedly brined before frying, and they were just super fluffy and maintained that outer crunch throughout the night.
And they sure lasted that long since the order is so dang huge!
You can easily share this between 2 or even 3 people, but I braved the pile as a loner.
They actually held up flavor-wise too until the last handful, where I finally asked the cook for the ketchup.
Probably should've asked for the ketchup even earlier, but I was too stubborn.
I've only eaten out a few times after midnight, but it still shouldn't have taken years for me to visit this place.
Henry's was one of those places that I'd heard about for a little while but hadn't bothered to visit.
Now, it's one of those places that I'd love to visit again and again if I'm ever awake at the proper time.

Simply,  Wow!!!
Thanks to yelp I found this place .. First time there and I'm super impressed!
Can't wait to try out more items off the menu.
I had the prime rib sandwich and it was super delicious!
Mouth watering good, the meat was perfectly prepared and the au jus was on point!
I will most definitely be back for more, it's down the street and 24/7, freaken perfect.

Yummy ribeye steak sandwich.
Cooked perfectly and super tender.
Service was on point as well

Two words: Graveyard Specials OMG these are terrific - a great bargain for great quantity and quality food.
I first came here way back in July when I had just moved out here.
My friends were coming to visit, and they had been stuck in traffic for a long time...resulting in them arriving hours past when they were supposed to.
Yelp for late night food brought me to this gem.
The first time I went, my friends and I, looked at the prices of their graveyard specials and assumed it would be small portions.
We couldn't have been more wrong.
The portions were very generous!
Especially considering the price.
I think we accidentally ordered enough to feed an elephant...if an elephant ate cheeseburgers, nachos, pizza, and the like.
I've gone back a couple times since...and every time the food is consistently delicious and a steal.
My favorites are the pulled pork sandwich and garlic parmesan chicken tenders.
Their pizza is pretty good too.
The pulled pork sandwich has just enough kick to it make it something special.
The flavor in the garlic parmesan chicken fingers is delicious - I like that they use from what I can tell, shredded parmesan and fresh garlic - not just like powdered parmesan.
The teriyaki ones are pretty good as well.
Quality and quantity of pizza and toppings is also really good as well as the size of the pizza itself.
The pulled pork sandwich is this big monster...there is a fork in the napkin roll...use it...it will be your friend.
The tenders are only $1 each (though they're sold in pairs).
These tenders aren't your McDonalds mighty kids fingers...no sir...each one is like the size of my hand.
There are 11 preparations you can choose from too to suit your fancy.
In terms of service...it's as fast as it can be given the circumstances.
When I go late at night, there's only one person there running the place both bringing orders and working the bar...I think his name is Tom.
My guess is there's very few people in the kitchen, maybe even only one.
When it's busy, service can be a bit slow (i.e.
friday, saturday night).
- so I guess this is kind of a quasi complaint.
But since there's only one person there running himself ragged, I'm not taking off points.
He's also really friendly no matter how busy it is, which I really appreciate.
My one complaint is that the bar area is pretty smoky.
Ventilation isn't great.
But it's tolerable.
One of these days, I do need to come back to try food on the regular menu, but when I come here late at night, it seems like too much of a shame to not take full advantage of the graveyard specials.
Thank goodness for this place to satisfy my late night munchies.
i do stay up late much more than I should...and I'm really glad i found this gem.
The value for food from the graveyard menu really can't be beat.

I frequent Henry's when I know I'm hungry enough to eat a GINORMOUS portion.
Touted as an American grill, they certainly have a lot to choose from.
Pizzas, burgers and sandwiches are among the many, many menu choices.
I had the Honey Fried Chicken salad with sliced apples and toasted almonds on my last visit.
I know this isn't a NEW concept for a dinner salad, but I did enjoy that the breading on the chicken had a sweet honey flavor.
It really went well with the honey mustard dressing.
All fountain drinks that you order always end up coming with a small pitcher on the side that will probably fill your drink two more times.
Some would call this a lazy practice so the wait staff doesn't have to refill drinks, I think of it as a thoughtful touch.
They also have an extensive breakfast menu.
I've only had the corned beef hash, which was delicious and plentiful.
They have a sports bar feel going on, as there are a few TV's situated around with sports playing.
I wouldn't say it isn't kid friendly at all.
Bottom line, reasonable prices, HUGE portions, great variety and good staff.
I'd recommend Henry's for a causal meal with friends.

The food is amazing.
But it always smells like crap in their.
They need a new filter system cause the bar part stinks up the restaurant part.
My wife Nd I never want to eat there because it smells like hell.

We love Henry's!
Everything I've had is delicious.
I especially love the sweet potato tots.
My husband always gets their chicken fingers, he loves them!

Yay!
I'm a fan!
For serious, though, this place is cool.
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.
$3 bottle domestic beers, which is about as cheap as you're gonna get in this town!
It's smokey in there, but that doesn't really bother me.
I got this beef brisket sandwich, it was THICK!
That's what she said.
Very good, though!
And waffles fries, yum!
A great place to go that feels more like home; I'm from Georgia and there are places like this everywhere.
Thumbs up!

Love their Graveyard Specials & Tom the server was the coolest dude!.
Food was delicious.
Love their Fries!

When I think of Las Vegas, visions of the 1970s mafia Vegas come to mind.
Over on the Strip, those days are long gone but you'll be swept back in time when you walk in the door at Henry's.
Degenerates pumping a paycheck into video poker at the bar and smokers hazing up the room set the atmosphere of days long gone.
Decently prepared food and cheap drinks make it worth the visit bring some more practical reasons to visit.
If you're in Henderson and it is late night, your dining options are not just limited to Del Taco.
Come to Henry's, take in the locals putting on a show (even if they don't realize that they are the show) and have a better meal.

Great food and even better service!
If you're looking for a Mom and Pop place in this town this is the place to go!!
We had a burger, drinks and the whiskey bread pudding.
We don't regret a single bite!

From the outside this place looks sketchy...BUT I have to say when we entered we were greeted by a very nice gal and the service was great.
The chef seemed awesome and was interactive with us.
I had a pulled pork sandwich and it was really tasty and good sized.
Came with sweet potato fries that were solid as well.
Not a bad little hole in the wall!

We were really pressed for time on our way to Lake Mead from Vegas and picked this place solely because it was nearby and had a really high rating.
I can see locals having a favorite item on the menu and rating this place a five, I can, but it's probably not ideal for people who aren't familiar with the menu and don't have a high tolerance for cigarette and cigar smoke.
The food was okay.
The portions were enormous.
The service was excellent.
The restaurant was clean.
The overwhelming smell of cigarette smoke had a negative effect on our appetites and we couldn't do the portions justice.
I ordered a burger, which included zero sides, and an order of their gravy fries.
The burger was meh, the fries were fantastic (SERIOUSLY.
If my entire experience was based solely on the gravy fries, it would be five stars.
), and together they cost three times what a burger and fries ought to, even with the ridiculous serving sizes.

So if you are stuck in Vegas and starving with a car full of other starving people that are whining and complaining that are under 21 then sure stop here.
Other than that continue driving.
Your toilet will appreciate it.
However some people at the table said that the pork sandwich had a great tang to it.
That is why we gave 2 stars.

If you come here with a large party know that you can count on the staff here to not miss a beat.
Brought my group of friends here recently and was impressed that Kim single-handedly managed our table with ease.
Never had to ask for drinks to be refilled, she happily took the special request orders, everything came out on time, and we all were satisfied with our meals.
Reason I updated...well our same group visited another restaurant today where I encountered a server with the worst attitude....ever!
After that poor experience we had at that faux French cafe.down the street on Stephanie, it  made me realize how I appreciate the staff here even more.
So bumped up to five stars.

So I came a second time, my ooh my...
This place is awesome.
It was rather empty when I came in again but I do like dining quiet.
The service was amazing.
The food was great, all of it was fresh and it was served fast.
I got the German burger, it has 2 quarter pound patties, sour kraut, corned beef and all the traditional toppings with a beautiful melted thick slice of Swiss cheese.
My gf get the basil pesto sandwich which she adored.
And the chips and salsa are a great appetizer ( the salsa is the best in vegas).
Please dine here and support a small great Henderson business.

Good food, nice atmosphere   Kids friendly a nice get away and the price is reasonable.
But where are their coupons?
I use to get some and feel a little irritated that they are not offering some discounts, it would be nice to get a reward sometimes.
Just saying

Burgers are ok.
The ribeye and mashed potatoes were flavorless.
Stay in the restaurant area, your clothes will smell like smoke in the bar.
The waitstaff and bartenders are cool.
I probably won't be back.

This has consistently been a top purveyor of comfort food.
And, my last visit for dinner was no exception.
Pretty much everything I have ordered here I have liked.
On this outing it was a spicy starter of Henry's Ground Beef Nachos prepared with fresh tortilla chips, scallions, tomatoes, Black Olives, Jalapeno Peppers, housemade salsa, Nacho Cheese Sauce, sour cream, and homemade chili; a bowl of excellent clearly homemade Vegetable Soup, with celery, carrots, zucchini, tomatoes, mushrooms, and a very tasty broth; and a large Salisbury Steak covered with great Burgundy Mushroom Gravy accompanied by creamy Mashed Potatoes.
Fellow diners at my table enjoyed Fish & Chips, a Blackened Chicken Sandwich, and a Pulled Pork Sandwich.
Our waitress was friendly and efficient, and the casual surroundings were pleasant.
But it is the fine cooking here that really stands out.

Fabulousness!!!
Kristin rocks!!
Food was so good, and they play the best music of any restaurant I have ever been in.
I heard Doors, Zepplin, super tramp and ELP all in one sitting.
We will be back for sure!

Located in an obscure mini mall in Henderson, I came here with my friend on a drizzly day in July.
When we arrived the restaurant was pretty empty.
Just one other table was occupied, so the waitress told us to sit wherever we liked.
Henry's has a home-y vibe.
Lots of large booths and tables available to accommodate large and small parities alike.
Our server approached us quickly for our drink order and returned swiftly with our drinks and carafes for each of us.
As someone who requires lots of refills, I was a fan of this.
Everything on the menu looked great so it took a while to figure out what we wanted.
Our server helped us out by letting us know what her favorites on the menu were.
She also explained that everything is made from scratch, so I was already excited about our meal.
My friend ordered the Savannah burger with waffle fries and I ordered the fried shrimp with crispy fries and cole slaw.
The food came out and it was delicious.
My friend's burger was enormous and despite his hearty appetite was only able to finish half before throwing in the towel.
My shrimp was tasty and fresh.
I really wanted to try their desserts, but we were just too full.
We will definitely be back next time for that.
Service was friendly and incredibly attentive, as well.

Ate here last night, 7 in our group.
Place was perfect and very homey.
The food came out quick and everything was delicious.
Kristin was our server and she did an awesome job!
Definitely will be going back!

Not the fanciest of places, but has everything you need in all the right places... Service & food!!
Our waitress Christin was very nice & attentive.
The food can out hot, fast and very flavorful.
Menu had plenty to choose from, I look forward to going back & trying different things.

