I went here in July, 2009 to get treated for back pains caused by a car accident.
I remember I made the appointment on very short notice and they were so kind to accommodate me.
I was feeling very stressed out because of the accident and my back pain, but when I showed up for my appointment, I felt instantly calm.
Everyone was so friendly and the doctor was amazing.
I highly recommend this place to anyone with chiropractic needs!
In fact, I need to schedule myself an appointment because I am definitely overdue for one.

This office is amazingly accommodating and friendly.
Michelle up front is always a pleasure to talk to, and Dr. Singer and Dr. Fisher are both very knowledgable and easy to get along with.
If you need a chiropractor, you need to come to this office.

Normally I don't like to write reviews of doctors offices because I feel like I disclose personal information, but I have been a loyal patient of Wellness Institute for quite some time and couldn't ask for a better chiropractor.
The office is located at the corner of Wigwam and Pecos.
It is quite a drive from my side of town but it's totally worth it.
Michelle at the front desk is super friendly and practically knows all patients' names.
I've been seen by both Dr. Singer and Dr. Fischer, and they are both very nice and great at making me feel relaxed.
I had never been to a chiropractor before this, and the thought of someone cracking my spine scared me at first.
But the doctors quickly put me at ease.
I have also taken advantage of their massage services.
Sarah, one of the massage therapists, gave me a wonderful relaxing massage that helped ease my back and leg pains associated with my pregnancy.
Their scheduling is so convenient.
You can do online scheduling or give Michelle a call.
They also accept most insurance so that works out very well for me.
I highly recommend Wellness Institute for your chiropractic needs.
5+++ stars!

Michelle took care of my elbow.
She's cool.
Never went to a chiropractor before, so I can't compare to other places.
So far so good

Dr. Singer has a nice, gentle way of fixing your neck and back pain.
She couldn't be any nicer and treats you like family.
She really makes sure you understand your problem and ultimately ordered a MRI, which said exactly what she had already told me.
I wish that I would not have procrastinated so long.
Thanks Dr. Singer.

I found the institute while looking up nearby locations.
I rolled the dice and decided to check them out.
I was able to quickly make an appointment online and for the following Saturday!
Dr. Singer has a gentle nature and helped to ease my woes :)  I just made my second appointment and am looking forward to it.
If you are in need of a chiropractor, go see her.
You wont be disappointed!

