I always go to this chain of restaurants to order my pupusas.
They come in a range of flavors: shredded pork, with refried beans and cheese; cheese and beans; just cheese; just beans; or all shredded pork.
Basically, you can get then in any combination possible with your pickled cabbage on the side, called "curtido.
" Topping it off with a home-made fruit drink, or horchata (various seeds that are roasted, sugar and milk).
If you want something lighter, you have a selection of soups depending on your mood that day.
Cheap food and tasty.
Service could be better, but the food make it up.
Very casual setting.

good pupusas!!!!!!
1st time trying pupusas and i am a fan!
its nice to kno there are still types of food out there i havnt discovered yet!!!!!!!!
if you are reading this review and havnt tried pupusas go get it!!!
its like a round thick corn tortilla (the ones they use for south american food) stuffed with cheese and shredded pork.
you eat it with an orange sauce and hot sauce if you like...  you are supposed to eat it with pickled cabbage, but i preffer not to.
i like to taste the full effect of cheese and shredded pork and hot sauce!
good shit!
LOL

I was driving by this spot earlier this week, saw the word pupusas and cut across a couple traffic lanes...
Anyway, to get down to business I tried 3 different pupusas-the regular cheese one, a mixed one, and a pork one.
They were all great and a little larger than the ones I have had before so definite bonus.
The veggies they give you for the pupusas have a nice pickled flavor, you can tell that they took the time to do it right unlike other restaurants that just chop up cabbage and toss it in some sort of vinegar and claim it's pickled...I digress...
The atmosphere is somewhat typical, just a whole bunch of tables and chairs in one big open room.
You don't order at a counter or anything, just sit down and enjoy.
Worth a stop if you are in the area.
It seemed like a lot of the regular customers order a soup- I will head back to try that.

Okay, so I am a little biased because I prefer Chinaco 100x over however, since we were in Vegas and were wanting something a little different than buffet, we opted for salvadorean/mexican.
This place is kinda big, casual - super casual seating.
The service is not so good, but the food is just ok.
I ordered two pupusas, revuelta (pork, cheese and beans) and a calabasa (squash and cheese).
I highly reccomend the calabasa as it has a lot of tiny little cubed pieces of squash, seasoning and cheese.
I didn't like the fact that the salsas were a light pink super transparent watery mess.
They tasted like boiled, watered down tomato juice and a hint of oregano.

I love this place.
The Pupusas are made to order with your choice of cheese, beans, pork, beef, or a combination of everything.
Enjoy with the cabbage slaw and tomato salsa... so darn good!
Siete Mares Soup - a must try.
With chunks of cod, a huge cherry stone clam, mussels, and shrimp.
Squeeze of lime and you are good to go.

If you've never had pupusas, you're kinda missing out.
They're a really simple dish, yet they're so good and so filling!
Plus, they're one of the few foods that hasn't gotten big time, like gourmet tacos or burgers.
So they're still a relative bargain.
I came to this restaurant with a lady, and we ordered a few pupusas revueltas with some sodas and some strange chocolate-y drink.
I've got to admit, the pupusas were good.
They were hot, and they seemed like they were made just then.
I don't know that they actually were, but still.
They were good enough that I will return to this place, despite some of my issues, just for the pupusas.
The service was slow.
Really, really slow.
Slow enough that when I wanted to order more food, I had to go out and find someone to help me (the place was empty, btw).
Also, they never refilled my water.
It took us forever to get more soda (Cola Champan) when the brown mystery drink was put aside.
It sucks that the service here was slow.
This place has a lot of potential to step their game up by just upping the service quotient, and it'd definitely be a four-star place... easy.

Very casual place.
Good food for good prices.
This is a place to take the whole family and not break the bank.
Camarones empanizados and a pilsener beer is my favorite!
And I always take some pupusas to go.
Service is also very good

Yum yum yum, I love pupusas!
I came here with my mom and sister.
We all ordered pupusas revueltas (cheese,beans,pork) and I also got a side of plantains, beans, and cream.
They gave us a bowl of curtido (cabbage slaw w/ chiles and vinegar) and a bottle of tomato salsa to share.
The pupusas came out very nice and hot.
They were so hot that I had to wait a few minutes to dig in (that's how you know they're fresh).
I always tend to drown my pupusas in the tomato salsa because it's soo good, but I noticed that no one else really does that.
The waitress kept on checking on us to make sure we were always well stocked.
We ended up getting 2 bowls of the curtido because we were all eating big forkfuls of it (so fresh and tasty).
I actually got 3 pupusas which was two too many.
They're very filling, so I suggest you just get one or two, especially if you're going to get beans or whatever else on the side.
The fried plantains were just how my parents make them at home.
Perfectly cooked, soft, not overly sweet, and delicious with the cream and beans.
Pros: *Very fresh pupusas *Yummy curtido and tomato salsa *Fast, friendly service *Large menu (they also have tacos, burritos, burgers, fries, etc) *Authentic food *Cheap prices (we spent less than $25 for 3 people)  Cons: *The location is kind of in the middle of nowhere, but that makes this more of a "locals" joint, which is a good thing!
Tips *Don't order revueltas if you're not big on cheese.
I gave my boyfriend one and he said it was too cheesy.
Stick to just pork or beans *Try the fried plantains with the cream and beans!
*Ask the waitress for more time to look at the menu.
She tends to come by kind of fast and you want to make sure you go through the whole menu before ordering.

my co-worker finally talked me into going here for lunch at work.
got a steak torta which was the best torta ive had ever!
and then for the first time i tried a pupusas i got the mixed one.
it was good.
and i will try them again, and get some other ones next time.

Pupusas were yummy.

Food was really fresh!
Pupusas were really good!
The prices are fair.
The fried bananas were really good to, I took my food to go so they forgot the cream, but the food was Delish!
Will definitely go back.

This place is tasty!
I had a chicharron and a bean & cheese papusa.
They were delicious.
At $1.75 per papusa, they're a bargain.
I'll be back!

TRES VECES, la orden me ha salido mal!
No recomiendo este lugar para comida salvadorena.
Trate darle otra oportunidad pero despues de haber recivido la comida mal en tres diferentes ocasiones, ya no mas!
El pollo, el pescado simple y reseco!
Y cuando se le comunica el problema no se hacen responsables.
Muy mal servicio!
Busquen otro restaurante salvadoreno!!!
No pierda su tiempo ni su dinero.

Surprised I had forgotten to write a review before now.
Las Pupusas has become a favorite lunch spot.
Can't beat $1.75 Pupusas and tacos.
I prefer those delicous pancake like treats filled with queso.
Made even better with fresh slaw and tomato sauce.
Calling in orders often means mystery items, rarely is the order accurate, but nothing has ever been bad.
Dining in has avoided any problems.

Apparently Yelp hides reviews written in Spanish or sends them to the bottom.
Being that this restaurant is a Latin restaurant where most clients speak Spanish, I wrote my review in Spanish but here's my review in English.
THREE TIMES, I have received bad food!
I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone for Salvadorean food.
I tried to give the place a chance but after three times of the same bad food, I just decided its best to let go.
The chicken or fish dinner plates are horrible.
The meat itself is dry and it seems they are not fresh.
When these complaints are brought to the staffs and subsequently to the owners attention they simply are indifferent and do nothing to resolve the problem.
The last time, I ordered to go and was so angry after I got home and discovered a poorly cooked and tasting fried fish.
Gross.
I immediately called and over the phone the owner offered to refund the money or another replacement dinner the following day as they were closing for the night.
So I was without dinner that night and had to put something simple and quick at home.
The next day and the following days after, nobody wanted to do good on their word of giving me a replacement dinner, even though the owner claimed he would leave a note to inform his staff in charge.
i didn't even want my money but after a few days i demanded a refund, and it was then that they offered to replaced the fish, the fish ONLY because they felt that was the only thing that was not to par.
seriously?lol i laughed at their lack of professionalism.
who buys a dinner plate just for one of the items?
a dinner plate is made up of all the items on it to provide you with a delicious eating experience.
that means the salad, the rice as well.
so that day they only gave me a fish!
LOL i felt that i was transported to El Salvador, a third world country.
Certainly thats the only place where they would think this to be good business practice.
They're a joke!
The food is horrible.
The chicken and fish is not fresh.
Even the second fish was in the same condition.
One of the waitresses even made a comment that's how they do things.
She even suggested ordering pupusas as they tend to have less issues with that, some times.
Only because you are a Latin restaurant that doesn't mean you have to provide a substandard service.
There are many other Latin restaurants that do a great job.
This place needs to take notes from them.

Oh Pupusa, how I love thee.
There's just something about pupusas topped with tomato sauce and curtido.
The warm corn masa with the melty goodness inside, paired with the little heat offered from the tomato sauce and the bite of crunchiness &  sour and vinegar from the curtido.
It's the perfect blend of flavors, the perfect bite of soft, to crunchy, to hot and cold all in my mouthful.
This place makes all their stuff fresh, so be sure to not come here when you are on a time constraint.
I don't mind waiting for my food when I know I getting fresh, piping hot goodness.
If you want this for a timed lunch, then it is best to call ahead and pick up your order.
For those that don't know curtido is a picked cabbage slaw.
Pupusas are masa stuffed with your filling (bean, cheese, chicharron, squash or whatever your favorite combo).
I highly suggest the squash and cheese or chicacharron and cheese).
If you are in need of a good pupusa or looking to try somewhere new this is definitely a must try.
Just a helpful note, I always do better ordering my food when I  bring someone with me that speaks Spanish.
I don't know if it is because I look hispanic and people do not believe when I say I don't speak Spanish or what.

After looking at pictures from my trip to Costa Rica, I was craving plantains.
I was thinking about hitting up a Cuban spot near my house but, my boyfriend suggested a pupusas place.
I've never had pupusas so, I was intrigued.
We entered and it was like a big warehouse type restaurant with lots of tables.
We ordered the mixed/combination (cheese, beans, meat) pupusas and plantains.
Also, had horchata.
My portion was less than $5 so, MAJOR score.
It came with some kinda of slaw and hot sauce.
I tried the slaw on my pupusa but, didn't like it too much.
Hot sauce, on the other hand, I loved on everything including my plantains.
Anyways, I finished my 1 pupusa and half of my plantains.
And I was stuffed.
And such a happy lady =) Everytime I'm in the area, I try to stop in because they're open early and definately a cheap eat!

Love this place.
Grew up in L.A and had home made pupusas @ my BF house.
It's just as good but it would hit the spot..

It's overhyped.
I loved Esmeralda's before they shut it down.
Ordered pork and cheese pupusas.
Cheese was tasty but the pork had no taste.
Even the tomato salsa and curtido were just ok.
Pretty disappointed but what should I expect taking advice from Mexicans and Asians who don't have a tongue for salvadorean food.
If your full Salvi like me don't buy into the hype.
This place is just OK.

This place has delicious pupusas!
I've been to both locations and both seem to have comparable quality.
The menu is large, but it's honestly very difficult to order anything but the scrumptious pupusas.
An old friend introduced me to this Salvadoran food, and it is safe to say that I have finally found an acceptable option for when his mom isn't cooking up a giant batch to share with friends and family.
My only complaint is that they do not give enough of the cabbage when you order to go or carry out.
Good homey vibes and an inexpensive, filling meal every time!

Loved their Squash with cheese pupusas!
Honesty when it come down to authentic salvadorian food you must try them here!
Beside they are huge and I easily get stuffed with 2!
Try them and to drink make sure to try their kolachampan (salvadorian soda) I so recommend for you guys to try them out!

for about ten years this place has been my family favorite restaurant, every time they change something is for the better, love the food!, you can find the most of the Salvadorian plates!
.....try the corn milk in winter time is so delicious!
...I love the new look inside the restaurant!

Delicious food, great service and an amazing experience.
The pious as are high quality with great taste.
The "empanadas de plátano con leche" are amazing.
Very happy with my experience.
Will definitely be a go to place in Vegas.

Hands down still my favorite place to come for pupusas in town.
This location has recently remodeled inside and it gives it a nice friendly face lift.
The pupusas are always so hot and fresh and always cooked perfectly.
Not oily, or too much masa and not enough filling.
The curtido here is always crunchy and delicious.
Never too salty or vinegary.
I also love the variety of fillings they have at this location for pupusas.
Chicharrones and cheese is one my favorites but the calabasas and cheese is definitely in my rotation now.
I recently had the yucca and fried chicharrone and while it was not as delicious as my pupusas, it was good.
The fried pork was definitely fried as it was super crispy and once I added some salt and tomato sauce it was good eats.
The yucca was perfect.
Soft and creamy on the inside and a nice bite on the outside.
Helpful Hint: Call your order in ahead of time if you don't want to wait long for your food.
Also know that they charge $1.00 to use your debit.

Phenomenal food at a great price.
Had never heard of Pupusas until this week and ended up going for lunch twice.
However, lack of servers make for an extremely slow dining experience so be prepared to have a long lunch.

Hands down..THE BEST PAPUSAS IN LAS VEGAS AND HENDERSON..the great thing about Las Pupusas is that no matter which location you go to around town, the food is consistent and so tasty.
I get queso and chicharron con queso with extra cabbage.
The pupusas are made fresh to oder so it takes some time to get your order, well worth it.
The fried yuca is good, as well as the platanos con sour cream.

Its an ok place , not my kind of restaurant .
Service and food is good .
Location is not that good .
Feels kind is creepy .

Amazing,authentic, El Salvadorean pupusas and tamales.
Our family LOVES when I bring these home!

