Highly recommended.
We wanted to have a beautiful, intimate wedding, just the two of us.
We chose the Intimate Lakeside Garden package.
It was reasonable, efficient, and the pictures are beautiful.
It certainly looks like we had a much more expensive, elaborate wedding than we did.
All in all, a very beautiful, memorable experience.

We did not want the hassle of planning every detail of our wedding, so we chose Always & Forever to do it for us.
BOY are we glad we did!!
Best experience I could have ever had as a bride.
We chose the "Dreams Come True"  chapel wedding package.
The limo driver called prior to picking me up to confirm what time she should be there, and then she was on time.
They worked with me on hiding the groom from seeing me before the ceremony.
(they put him in the bathroom which made me lol)  They upgraded my flowers for free since I wasn't have a 10 person wedding party.
The two tiered cake provided with the package was excellent!
The minister was funny and sincere and made us both feel very special and comfortable.
This did not feel like your typical "Vegas" wedding.
This felt like they spent months planning it for me.
There was no rush, no pushiness, or rudeness.
They were very helpful and made me feel so at ease.
Trust me, if you want to have an excellent experience and walk out of there feeling like you had a wedding planner, choose this place.
You can't beat the price, the service, or the experience anywhere in Vegas!!!
THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH!
The Garrett's, Cheyenne, WY

I cannot say enough good things about this place.
We were married on April 14th in the garden.
I did not have to worry about the details.
They took care of everything and actually made some very good recommendations about colors and such for the reception.
Myself and the other girls riding in the limo were actually late getting there but you would never know it by the way we were treated.
They were courteous and gracious.
I felt really really bad about the situation because I know that there was a wedding following ours and we put everyone out and I can only guess how stressed they were.
The photographer was excellent.
At the reception, everything was beautiful and there were touches everywhere above and beyond what we expected.
The cake was gorgeous and yummy!
The food was delicious!
It was nothing like a typical vegas wedding our guests were expecting and we received lots of compliments.
So to Raquel, thanks ever so much!

This venue offers many different locations and packages.
I ended up getting the Lakeside Garden location with the Lakeside Devotion package.
The reason I chose this is because they offered, at the time, full rights to a set number of photos.
With the package I bought I got 36 Poses On High Quality Digital Format CD, and a DVD of the ceremony.
It also included a limo ride to and from, flowers for bride and groom, chairs and music.
I did also add on some flower corsages for all the moms.
The flowers were stunning.
I told them that I didn't want my groom to see me before the wedding and they were able to keep us apart until the ceremony started.
The officiant was really nice and had some beautiful words to say.
I did opt for a second photographer to get pictures of us during and after the wedding through the reception, you may want to do the same.
Overall, I had a great experience.
Oh, one more thing.
The venue, at least Lakeside Garden, is located in a kind of strip mall.
It's all the way on the end, but it's slightly misleading.
However, once you are inside, it is really beautiful!

This to me is the best wedding and reception venue in Las Vegas, NV.
All-inclusive wedding and reception package priced right and location get 5-stars.
Staff is friendly and very helpful with all details of the wedding preparation.

I honestly didn't expect much when I decided to get married in a chapel in Las Vegas, but this place is amazing!
Family run business which is very professional.
They have great packages and prices!
I highly recommend using them.
Everyone is very genuinely friendly and they pay extra attention to what you want.
Luke helped me the most through phone calls and when we got to the chapel, they are all very sweet.
You get a great deal for your money!
Really glad we got married there!
You only have to wait a few days for the photos after the ceremony and they send you home with a DVD too!
Thank you so much for making our wedding so perfect!

I absolutely, positively had the PERFECT wedding thanks to Always & Forever.
Every step of the way, the staff was accommodating and professional.
I even asked for special flowers, and they were more than able to meet (and exceed) my expectations.
The minister was a great mixture of funny and touching, and the cameraman made our special day lots of fun.
All in all, I couldn't have asked for better.
I'm so glad I chose Always & Forever!

Let me start off by saying, overall am satisfied with our wedding ceremony at their Lakeside Garden and our wedding reception at the Lakeshore reception site.
The Pros:  The setting is lovely.
The cake turned out beautifully and was delicious.
Some of the pictures were really nice.
DJ was fantastic.
We went with an open bar and while limited on selection, the bartender made good drinks.
Waldorf salad and the mashed potatoes tasted great, They set the tables up beautifully.
Limo driver was on time and professional Overall price was great.
We had a full on wedding w a 3 hour reception for 30 guests w a dove release, 2 venues, open bar (which we added Malibu rum to for me), 3 tier cake, all pictures included, 3 bags of petals for throwing during pictures, champagne toast, DJ, video of ceremony, salad and buffet dinner and it cost us about $6500.
to Always and forever.
(We did purchase shuttle service separately and of course our stay in Vegas).
We added a dove release for $250 plus 18% gratuities and taxes.
The guy that was in charge of the doves was extremely professional.
Much to our delight, he brought 5 doves.
We got the initial release pictures & more after w the others.
The photographer missed the second release of doves The Cons: They did not always get back to my emails in a timely fashion; sometimes it took them a week or more and I would have to resend the email at times.
They had the limo pick us up at the same time that they told me to have the shuttle pick the guests up at the hotel.
I mentioned that I did not want to arrive at the same time and I was told that the shuttle will take longer to get there.
I saw my guests at the hotel when we were all leaving for the wedding and the shuttle literally followed the limo to the ceremony site.
I saw them again once we got to the site.
The 30 minutes that they give you is not enough time to get into the changing room and change into your dress.
The wedding started 15 minutes late as a result and our picture time in the garden was then just a mere 20 minutes before we were rushed off to the reception.
These pictures were by far the best ones.
I wish we had had more time to take more.
Photographer was dressed like she was going to a festival or picnic.
Black capris, a colorful shirt and a pair of hiking sandals w the rubber tread bottom.
Not what I consider wedding attire.
Minister had on black sneakers.
Yes, sneakers.
London Broil was over cooked and dry Chicken was just ok Vegetables were overcooked and did not even look appealing Our video was elementary at best; it is a close up (from our stomachs up) almost the entire ceremony.
The only time she moved the camera was for our sand ceremony since that was out of view and the camera had to be moved.
The remainder of the video is simply a close up of us.
You never even see the guests sitting on the left side.
The guests to the right are only seen as she moves the camera over to capture the sand ceremony.
Part of the problem here was probably that the photographer was also the videographer (1 person), therefore the video camera was mainly just sitting on a tripod until she panned it over for the sand ceremony.
It was a horrible video.
My hair is a mess in the majority of pictures taken outside on the deck- the only posed ones that include all our guests/family.
The wind was blowing- no fault to the photographer there.
The problem was is that she was snapping away and I had no idea.
One of my guests had to pull me aside and she told me that my hair was sticking up like crazy in all of the shots and that we should take the photos facing the other way so that the wind blew towards our faces and not the back of our heads.
The photographer commented that the view was not as good from that direction (for the background.
Very true, but I hate the pictures that I received where my hair is literally flying all over above my head.
So glad that we turned around and got some acceptable shots...they still look pretty bad due to the wind, but they are better than the others.
The disappointing part is that I only have posed pictures with my own parents where my hair is sticking up all over.
My maid of honor could not make the ceremony.
I found out 3 days prior.
I asked if I could use the cost of her bouquet towards a nicer bouquet for my other bridesmaid and "upgrade" it.
They agreed since they had not made them yet.
That being said, I had paid $85+18% tax/gratuities (added to everything) for the bouquet that I would not be needing.
that total $100 upgrade to the other bouquet (which was already paid for and was a 5 rose bouquet) only increased its size of my paid in full 5 rose bridesmaid bouquet by 7 roses.
I'm sorry, but it was essentially $100 to add 5 roses to that bouquet.
I felt ripped off.
Speaking of the bouquets, I was disappointed when they handed them to me.
The pink roses had brownish discoloration to them on the edges and most were so tight that the tops were closed.
Not terrible, but not what I expected.

Nice little reception staff was nice and the prices are descent for those with a budget.
Only thing I didn't like is the set up you have to walk through this narrow hallway and the bar is an awkward place.
The outside it reminds me of San Jose and older neighborhood but pretty

WOW!
WOW!
WOW!
If we could give 10 stars we would.
This place was amazing.
We were married over the weekend 5/31/14 at 7:00 pm we had 75 guests.
I, like every bride Im sure, was a little hesitant on how it all would turn out.
Well, it turned out amazing, and far exceeded every expectation we had!
We had our rehearsal the night before, were we were greeted and went over step by step how everything would play out, I also brought extra decorations like candles, favors, names cards for each table, guest books, seating chart, and extra fillers for the table.
They gave me no grief and asked about everything in particular and gave great advise on how to set it up.
I arrived to the venue early to have my time in the bridal suite.
Upon arrival, I walked into the reception area and was blown away!!!!
Everything was set up so perfectly!!
They had done everything!
The name cards were on the table and all the extra trinkets I had asked them to put down.
The center pieces they had included were gorgeous the linens were amazing, They set up the gift table and our sweetheart table so nicely.
I cannot explain how amazing it looked!!!!
The wedding was on time, everyone was blown away by the scenery, having it on the lake under that gazebo was gorgeous.
There was a nice breeze, and the day seemed surreal.
The  pastor was great, she asked what we were looking for and was very sweet and lead the ceremony perfectly.
We had a sand ceremony (another thing they had to set up) and it went amazing.
There was music when I was walking.
It was just great!
We had our pictures, and we were asked who we would want in them.
We had our family our grandparents, the bridal party.
It was great.
They said we will get the pictures in about 2 weeks.
Cant wait to see them!
We walked into the reception where the DJ (who was female, cute and sweet) who was great announced us and the wedding party in and played awesome music that kept everyone on the dance floor.
We requested some songs that a lot of people had never even heard of but she found them and played them!!
DJ was fabulous!
Our meal was amazing.
They served us, we actually got to eat a full meal (a lot of people say you never get to eat at your wedding) but they served us first and made sure we ate.
The food was amazing!!!!!!!
Everyone complimented our food!!
We opted for Bowtie fetticine alfredo, halibut, potatoes with bacon, green beans.
Everything was amazing.
Our plates were cleared of food and so were everyone elses!
Great catering company!
No joke people loved the food!
and were impressed that we had halibut!
We cut the cake, it was fun!
I smashed some in my husbands face :) you gotta do that!
The cake was amazing and gorgeous!
We brought our own wedding topper and they made it look amazing!
The cake was so good!
We got the chocolate cake with cream filling.
Yum!
The bartender was great and fast (the single ladies thought he was really cute too!)!
There was never a crowd at the bar.
We set a cash price on the hard alcohol, and made stipulations (like no shots and well drinks only).
They followed that perfectly.
Once it ran out we had everyone pay for there own drinks,  Which was towards the end of the night and no one cared.
Once the night ended, they packed up all of our gifts and decorations in the fastest time I have ever seen, It was awsome!
They even sent us home with the first tier of our wedding cake, so we can eat it at our first anniversary!!
They packed everything into our limo (which was perfectly on time) and sent us on our way!
It was great!
Everyone loved the place thought it was gorgeous, everyone had such a good time.
I have been told a million times already it was the funnest wedding they had ever been too.
It was great.
Seriously.
If i had to do it all over again, I wouldn't change anything.
It was just what we were looking for :) Me and my  husband were just baffled by what an amazing place this was and how amazing the staff was!
We want to especially thank Isabella and Raquel, you girls are great and deserve a raise.
They made everything flow so well!
WOW!!
If your thinking of booking here do it,  and make sure to thank me later.
You won't regret anything about it xoxoxo  Thank you for making out special day so memorable !

These people are top notch!!
Oh and Debbie Gibson was having dinner next door and decided to stop in, which was pretty cool too!
I really cannot say enough good things, the venue was amazing, so beautiful!
The team was adaptable to all the changes we had to make, trouble shooting to accommodate issues as they arose and they even matched their outfits to our wedding colors so they blended in.
I think the best part was how easy it was to just have someone take care of everything.
My only note is to make sure to mention any food  options or adjustments you need.
I forgot and there was cream on everything so I didn't eat much as a non-dairy consumer.
Regardless!
I highly recommend Always & Forever Weddings, their team will make sure your dreams are made a reality!

