Owner is a classic record store asshole who follows you around asking you what your looking for and doesn't realize that some people like more than one genre of music.
Nothing is priced in the whole store.
You bring it up to the counter and he looks it up in one of those way off base record guides.
If it's not in the book he either over prices it or calls another asshole who specializes in the genre.
He has zero knowledge of the internet and what worth or value actually is.
For example I saw singles and LPs that normally go in the $5-10 range and have been for the last 20 years, but he claims they are worth $40.
He also was selling stuff for $20 that looked unplayable, had water damage and seam splits.
A record that I know goes for $30 in Mint on a regular basis.
There is some good stuff in there which is the only reason I give it a 2nd star, and I did manage to sneak out with something that went under his radar but it wasn't easy.
He does have the only store in town so he can get away with it since he has no competition and probably makes a ton off nerdy record collector types that just won big gambling and want the instant shopping gratification.
I recommend waiting till you get home and hitting your local spot up.

Let's not kid ourselves here - the owner of this place is an Asshole with a capital A.
The guy simply DOES NOT ALLOW BROWSING in the store.
He follows you around, requiring you to be looking for something specific.
The merchandise isn't priced, so you have to ask him the price on everything.
I happen to know from experience he quotes different people different prices on the same records.
On top of that, he's just plain rude, and not even that knowledgeable..
The only reason I can imagine this guy is still in business is that he sold his soul to the devil.
Go on any other site and look for reviews of this place.
NONE of them are good.
This guy is THAT bad.
You're running a RECORD STORE, jackass.
NOT A MUSEUM!
The actual "store" itself is just a converted house, and it is cluttered as hell.
This place would have benefited enormously from being in an actual business space.
If you thought those tiny, crowded aisles in Record City were bad, you ain't seen nothing yet.
Oh, and did I mention he sells bootleg recordings in the store?
Last time I checked that was illegal.
Avoid this place like the plague!
You'll be ripped off, chewed out, and put down by a guy who couldn't give the real record store experience if it crawled up and bit him.
It's times like this i wish I could give less than one star.
Selection: B- Service: F

Short review: worst record store I've ever been to and total waste of time - avoid at all costs  Long review: Hubby and I are into many different genres ranging from 60s Jamaican ska to 90s hip hop and after fifteen years of serious collecting we have a vinyl collection that fills two large six feet tall bookcases not to mention the various 45s we have around the house.
Hubby has also DJed at VLV the past few years (with my help :-) ).
So point of all this is we know music and vinyl and while we were up at Viva Las Vegas a few years ago we decided to check this place out since they advertised in the VLV program.
The store is out in the middle of the boondocks.
If you are in Vegas you most definitely need a car to get there.
We were staying on the strip and it took us a good 15+ minutes to get there.
To top it off it looks like a house so it's very easy to drive right on by.
When we walked in the place smelled like mildew so badly that it took me by surprise.
In two seconds the guy was on us asking what we were looking for.
This is sort of strange because people that shop for collectable and/or rare OOP vinyl don't come in with a shopping list.
Vinyl collecting doesn't work that way.
I'm sure you serious collectors know what I'm talking about.
Digging is half the fun.
We decided to indulge the guy and asked him if he had any 50s jive or Jamaican ska.
He led us downstairs into his basement and showed us a shelf and said that was all he had for Jamaican music.
We looked through it and about half of the 20 records he had were 80s reggae and the rest were pretty decent early ska records.
We pulled about 10 then asked him how much.
He laughed, "you're not going to like the price" We're from LA so we're used to vinyl being expensive so we said, "well?
How much?
" He then says with a straight face, "$800".
Are you f***ing serious?!
Half the records were reprints that you can buy from Rhino Records for $10 and he wanted $30 each for them and told us it was because they were original pressings.
I'm not sure if he's a liar or an idiot because the "original" pressings had a Rhino Records label very visibly printed on the jacket.
The only way this guy stays in business has got to be by preying on people that don't know any better because his prices are literally three times fair market value for records that are decent but definitely not rare.
He does have some good records in stock but quite frankly I will never give this guy a penny of my money.
If you really want a record that he has in stock I would suggest getting it off ebay instead.
You won't get the instant gratification but you'll save yourself a ton of money.

I am from Germany and have been visiting LV once a year since 1999 for the Viva Las Vegas Rock'n'Roll Weekender.
I have been collecting records since I was 12 or so and I agree that this is the worst record store ever.
The guy really thinks he is the Einstein of Rock'n'Roll because he has got a Doowop-Show on some local radio station.
Unfortunately he doesn't know half as much about music as he thinks.
His stuff is ridiculously (do you say so?
) overpriced.
Even in Germany most of the stuff is cheaper than in his shack.
Although I have plenty of time to spend while my wife is relaxing at the pool, I'd rather spend my time watching wallpaint getting dry.
I went there twice and haven't set a foot into this xxx store since 2003!

I did not find the owner to be a "total asshole" like every other reviewer on the web has said.
In fact I found him and his other guys to be extremely helpful and friendly in locating the section of my musical preference; unlike Record City, where I am often ignored as a "young hoodlum," or what have you.
Not going back there again.
He has a house jam-packed with 3 floors of the best selection of records and memorabilia in town, and I found exactly what I was looking for and more.
The only reason I give it less than four stars, is because like previous reviewers said, he is overpriced.
But what he has is real quality stuff that you won't find anywhere else in the city.
He wanted forty dollars for the CD I inquired about, and I told him it was too much after whipping out my DROID and finding it for thirty on Amazon.com.
He agreed to match it, which was fine with me, especially since it's a rare collection now.
He can be bartered with if you are willing to make an effort.
Since W.O.W.
(Tower Records) went out of business, only god knows why, locals have been reduced to small shops like Zia, Record City, and Wax Trax.
Zia has junk as far as i'm concerned, and see my first paragraph for how I feel about Record city.
Wax trax will probably be my place until another W.O.W.
opens up, or something like it.
The reason for this is the quality and rarity of the items they offer.
If you are into Rock/Classic Rock/Metal rarities, then this is definitely your place.
But if you aren't willing to respect his "house" and don't like making negotiations then stay away, and stop giving him such a hard time since it is his store!
Oh, and don't step on the poodle.

I'd like to say to the previous haters, come on!
I COMPLETELY disagree.
First off, if you're a collector and KNOW WHAT YOU WANT, this is the store to go.
Hands down, I've never NEVER NEVER seen a Jazz LP collection like Wax Trax has, it is absolutely stunning and first rate.
I am from Los Angeles where Amoeba Records has over 100k records in stock.
Their Jazz section has 1/10 of what Rich has and if they DO have it, its a reissue.
Second: if you come into his shop, be prepared to spend your money.
You will NOT find any $1-2 shit records like 101 Strings, Mantovani's Greatest Hits, or Jackie Gleason Presents Songs to Fall Asleep to, like you'll find at a thrift store.
**I did find the whole idea of nothing having a price tag to be a little unnerving and intimidating at first, but if you know what you want and know what you should pay, you'll be happy.
Third: I found the store, although small and cluttered, to be VERY organized.
I've been in plenty of record shops that stink of petruli with shit piled everywhere and not organized.
That's not the case here.
What he has is NOT garbage.
Its all high quality stuff that's in extremely good condition (usually) and priced accordingly.
It can seem high, but again, DO YOUR HOMEWORK before coming in and buying anything!
If its on eBay or Amazon for 1/2 the price, buy it there.
There are collectors from Japan & Europe that would KILL to spend a few hours in this store.
Once you have what you want, be prepared to negotiate and haggle.
I'm very satisfied with what I picked up and will definitely be stopping back when I'm in Vegas again.
Thanks!

like everyone else has said.
this place is horrible.
I think this is the place in the desert where records go to die, cus at these prices no ones ever gonna buy em again.
Unless theyre suckers.
I had heard that nothing had price tags on em and that it was for true record collectors so i went in knowing Id have to spend a lil xtra to get what I wanted but the prices are way out there.
I picked up 3 45's for him to price me.
I thought he'd look em up in a price guide or on an online auction site and ball park it.
No.
He looked at one and told me $100.
I knew it was kinda hard to find so i was like eh maybe the other two he said he'd have to listen to em to price em but prolly $50-75.
I wanted to gage his pricing so I found a LP i have at home I got for $12-15 "Get Ready Rocksteady" he had his son go online and look it up then tells me $250.
I asked him how many were on the site.
maybe he was lookin on Ebay.
I was hoping there was 3 and you split the difference he told me just one.
i still dont know where he got the price.
When I first walked in he was very rude not nicely asking what I wanted and seemed like he didnt want any business trying to scare me off with "these records are pretty pricy" he told me nothing less than $15 but i didnt think he'd want $500+ for 3 45's and one LP.
dont waste your time with this guy and his horrible shop

Nightmare of an owner.
The store has lots of great stock but everything is priced to the sky and when it's not priced the owner will ask how much you want to pay and then double it.
Everything is more expensive than what you would pay with shipping online, and the condescending attitude of the owner makes it seem like you'll pay double.
Note the Lexus in gold parked outside the shop.
Obviously there are suckers born every minute financing this guy's "hobby".
Also, this store has no relation to the great store in Denver, who should sue this guy for copyright violations.
I'd suggest bringing in a number of desirable items to sell to him (especially rare doo-wop) and then ask him what he would pay.
Then watch as he melts as you pull away those priceless discs....  7/19/12  Went back to see if he was as bad as I recalled.
He was worse.
I found about 11 cds that I wanted.
No prices.
30 minutes wait while he researched each and every one on the internet.
(Aren't retail business required to have prices?
) Quoted me the highest price for each and then whined when I said it was ridiculous and left.

I am so seriously bummed that I have to give this business one star, i would give it negative one star if I could.
We went in on Sunday morning and the owner had to meet us there to open the store up- and before we even walked in he asked us who the "collectors" were and asked us what we wanted.
We barely walked in and I saw some Misfits records and walked over to them in a nostalgic splendor, and he was like "Miss, those are the really expensive records over there.
"  I ignored him because if I like a freaking record, I am going to buy it, and he repeated himself until I acknowledged him and at that point I just walked away and went over to the section my husband was in.
He proceeded to ask us exactly what we were looking for, and we tried to tell him that some (if not most people) like to go browse around in record stores, to find rare gems that they are stoked to walk away with, and he wanted it to be very goal directed.
He continued to get in an argument with my husband, telling him what he wanted, assuming that because we are young that we only want reissues of 80s and 90s music when really we showed up with nothing on the agenda.
He was totally rude and we walked out after about 5 minutes because we couldn't take being treated like that.
I would never go back here, and I would dissuade anyone from going in.
This guy is insecure in a major way and his entire identity relies on the fact that he is a record collector.
Well here is some news d-bag, some people buy music to listen to it.
I am sorry if this ground breaking news hurts your already inflated ego, but if you want to stay in business, you need to start treating people nicer.
I am so glad we left before actually finding something that we wanted to buy- what a nightmare if we had to have him give us a price on something (since nothing in the store has a price tag).
Bleh- good riddance.

I should have read the reviews of this ass before making the trip off the strip to look for a few LP's to add to my collection while in vegas for a few days.
Everything in the other reviews is right on.
Nothing is priced in the store because he wants to do you a favor as he will look up a similar one online and then give you a "deal".
What he fails to realize is most of us have smart phones and can call him out on his BS!
I picked out about 8 Stones LP's I did not have.
He asked me about 8 times if I was sure I wanted him to look up prices, like by the looks of me I could not afford the BS prices he was going to quote.
The first LP he looked up was a copy of Johnny Cash American Recordings 4.
He wanted $120 for a copy where the cover was rough and had deep creases.
He said its online for $140 so that's a deal.
In this condition maybe a $30-$40 record.
Next was a Stones album.
He wanted $50 because he found one online someone was asking $56 for.
I then pulled out my iPhone and showed him the same LP w/ a buy it now on eBay for $10.
It was in Europe so to save me shipping i offered $15.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!!

This place has thousands of albums in varying condition.
It has a great selection of multiple genres of music.
There are some rarities and very valuable collectibles.
But the previous reviews are true: nothing has a price written on it... and once the gentleman behind the counter quotes you prices on some vinyl, you will be rendered utterly speechless.
Whether you are a newbie, a veteran collector or even a dealer, he's going for the jugular!
He quoted me $150 -200 (each!
) on records that are readily available at other shops around the U.S.  (or even ebay) for $25 max!
He wasn't rude or obnoxious; he was simply hopelessly and completely unrealistic.
Maybe he thinks he can gut the tourists or un-knowing younger people trying to build a collection.
Bottom line: use the web to validate LP pricing or you will likely be hammered.
They're his albums.
He amassed them, so he can ask what he wants for them.
If he has children, maybe they like records (they are going to inherit some).
He surely won't be selling many at 600% mark up!

i just want to say that the owner was not an asshole, or did not follow us around!
He was very helpful when we did ask for a certain record.
I will agree tho that he is way over priced.
My husband and I had a great time looking at all the records.
Man that guys got a lot!

Well I think Rich gets a bad wrap here on Yelp.
He's a good guy, and I enjoyed meeting him after reading all of the outlandish stories about him on Yelp.
He turned out to be all of that, and none of that.
Simply put, he's the type of proprietor that commands a little respect when you enter his establishment- and I for one can appreciate that.
Some may find his "charm" off-putting, but I thought he was my kind of guy.
Kind of gruff on the outside- but on the inside all indications to me were that he was a sweet guy and an honest business-man and I appreciated that.
I was visiting town on business (as I often am) and finally decided to try to get over to see this yelp-infamous shop.
His selection of rare jazz was pretty outrageous (only to be beat by the Record Collector on Melrose!).
This guy has very little filler- mostly just really good original stuff (but you really got to know what you are looking for- because his stacks do not accommodate easy browsing).
Bottom line is that you aren't going to get many (if any) bargains at this shop- but as far as the Jazz goes, if you are looking for the rare goods- you'll be able to get your hands on them here- but you'll pay the going rate for your finds- which to most of us long-time collectors is growing more and more alarming every year that vinyl gets bigger (again).
I say go to this shop.
Say hello.
Expect a chaperone... and find yourself a really nice rare record or two- and be thankful you found it here.

Although there IS a great selection the owner is very ignorant when it comes to prices (on the punk stuff).
None of the items are priced and he will "size you up" and give you (very HIGH) prices after he checks you out to see what he can get out of you.
Good stuff but a RIP OFF!
I would avoid unless you just want to look.
Bill

I believe that the owner is Rick from my two phone calls with him I think it should be *rick.
I asked what Sinatra box sets he had and reeled off the sets I was looking for and waited with baited breath all I got was a torrent off abuse and a hang up.
As I was staying on the strip which I explained I did not want 2 needless taxi fares if the sets were not there or too expensive.
Rick must struggle with the concept of customer service which in the USA I usually find to my liking he must be a lottery winner who does not need the money.
If they could only relocate the shop to the Grand Canyon or under Lake Mead this would be a great help!!!!!

DO NOT EVEN WASTE YOUR TIME!!
Heed the previous yelpers advice!!
This place is a joke.
The owner is a douchebag!
No prices on anything because the owner will try and rip you off!!
I wanted 3 records and if I went to eBay or zia, probably would have cost me $30.
HE QUOTED ME $100 and would not budge at all!!
It was my first time there and I will NEVER GO BACK!

As a collector I appreciated he was helpful in locating what we were looking for.
He is however pushy and overbearing.
Nothing is priced which is always a bad sign.
We were armed with smart phones and my knowledge as a record dealer myself.
He priced a record that sells for 12 shipped on eBay at 40.
A record that sells for 40 online in ex condition was quoted at 100 and the condition was vg.
In 1.5 hours 4 people wanted to buy items and zero people did.
I am not a cheapskate but I'm not an idiot either.
I will pay fair market average,  but not double.

Like I said in my tip- don't go there if you are just looking at stuff and have no intent on buying something.
He has the best inventory I've ever seen and is a really nice guy.
This place isn't WalMart so don't expect the owner to wait on you hand and foot and clean up your mess.

The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it's not a "great bargain" place.
He is fairly priced for the current market, which most means everything in there is: A: original- no re-issues here B: interesting- this is not a what're house style record store and it's packed to the ceiling so the owner is very selective of what he brings in, which is great because you don't have to flip through the same old shit you see @ every other record store.
C: $40 and up.
Nothing is priced- so the negotiations begin when you bring your albums from whatever nook or cranny you found them in to the owner who sits in the front.
He will flip through and make some comments like "ah, that's an expensive one" or "not so much" then he'll probably make you a price and explain why it is $240 for 6 albums because you just happened to pick up the first album of such and such and this one alone is worth over $100.
Then you negotiate a little bit, and pay and walk away happy.
You see, that's the thing about wax trax- it's not random.
It's all good- I've been buying records on a casual basis for years and I would like to have all of Curtis Mayfield's albums- and it got to the point that I would always see the same ones over and over again- but once I found the well organized R+B section here and I found that Curtis mayfield had his own section and ALL of the albums in it were ones that I not only didn't have but many I didn't even know existed!
So, while I was used to paying 10-$15 for an album , here I was willing to pay 3 to 4 times the price because as an old vintage car parts seller once said to me "it's not expensive, it's available.
" And that pertains here as well.
So- know what your looking for, be friendly and strike up a conversation about what your looking for (he will ask as soon as you walk in!
) and have an idea before hand of what it's worth to you and you'll LOVE this record store.

Note to the wanna be Soprano owner...ya don't know everything about the records in your store.
Especially when I'm holding a record that I played on, you're telling me it's an original pressing and it's a re-issue, nit wit!
Stand your ground with this jerk.
Him and his son "price" the records while you wait for over an hour, by looking up the highest price on eBay, Popsike, Gold mine and other collectors guide and the doubles to triples the price.
Show him the more down to earth price on your smartphone, that'll get the old coot riled up.
;).

Although maligned, the owner Rich Rosen is the most knowledgeable  person you'll EVER meet regarding music of the '50s... on.
First & foremost he is a businessman with his acumen accomplished from a half century in business.
He will make you an offer, whether buying or selling items, which is ALWAYS reasonable & never coerce you to make a decision-he will of course want to earn a profit.
It seems many think it's  about ONLY them.
He may exude abrasiveness, if one's intentions are to merely 'pick his brain' but he being the 'last of the Mohicans' regarding vinyl records will give you a fair price & a feeling of contentment that you visited him.

I went into this place for the first time today.
I almost gagged when I found out what the prices were.
The selection is incredible.
But the prices give you a bend over and grab your ankles feeling.
But it's a free market, he can charge what he wants to.
I'm not going to support this kind of exorbitant pricing.

I wish I could give different ratings for quality of selection and price.
Although I had a great time looking through the records, I found myself very disappointed after asking for the prices.
The owner told me that a record I had picked out in perfect condition was worth $500-$800, and at that point, I knew there was no hope.
It was missing the jacket, insert and everything else, and he still wanted $100 for it, without knowing if it was original pressing or even real.
I really wish I could give this place a better rating, but $60 for a thrashed "Six Pack" single is not gonna get one.
The owner was very nice, but he acted like an old comic book collector who's wife was forcing him to sell his collection, asking way too much for what he's got and unwilling to budge on price.
I bit the bullet and bought a Black Flag cassette for $20, and I'm positive that it isn't a first pressing.
I don't consider myself "ripped off" because I wanted it.
I've never been told "you don't have to buy anything" so many times in a store.
I would go back, but I can't justify paying the prices that he found online and then proceeded to double.

Very comprehensive, knowledgable Owner.
The man has EVERYTHING!
Serious collectors will enjoy this place.
The Novice needs to understand the way this place works, and he will guide you through.
Highly recommended.

Do your research before you allow the owner to rip you off.
Items going for $20 on discogs.com will cost you over $100 at Wax Trax.
He warns you that he is expensive when you walk in, which is nice, but his mark-up is insulting.
Don't get taken advantage of and save your money.

FOR COLLECTORS ONLY!
They have anything you want, from Jazz to Metal, Beatles to Zappa, original first pressing in EX+ condition or better.
That being said be prepared to pay for it, IT IS NOT CHEAP!
I managed to find 2 records that i have been looking for, for years, he had them and they were slightly cheaper than discogs or ebay, so i payed the price.
Records aside, the place is like a museum with tons of rock memorabilia, just go there knowing that you can't afford much and enjoy what he has, take photos, pet the dog, maybe grab a record or two and be on your way.
If i lived i Las Vegas i'd probably go there once a month to buy that one record i desperately wanted.

Unbelievable selection but Rich, the owner, is extremely difficult to deal with.
His knowledge in punk and hardcore is completely non-existent, yet he asks for double the market price for all of his records.
Nothing is priced in the store so he just wings the pricing by only looking at Popsike, an extremely inaccurate listing of eBay auctions that have ended.
He refuses to look at Discogs, which is way more accurate and up to date.
He also refuses to use eBay, which at first was very commendable but I quickly realized why.
Enjoy the store, enjoying looking at the vast amount of records that are a part of history, but know what things are worth before checking out.
I went back and forth on pricing for almost an hour and ended up saving $175 off his original price at the register.
I spent so much time arguing about price that I ended up not enjoying my experience at all.
With that said, check out Moondog Records in Vegas instead.
In Vegas, you get ripped off just about everywhere you turn.
This place is no different.
You have been warned.

