This place occupies an old FARM BASKET so it looks like a barn.
It is always dead.
Really old & worn looking.
Kinda smells moldy.
I made the mistake of ordering lunch one day.
2 tacos combo(with Rice & Beans) It was ALL cold & flavorless & Pricey.
Family works next door for 3 years and has eaten there just the 1 occasion.
Service was ?
?-How can you tell when they just NOD!!
Way better Mexican food in the neighborhood.

It was more a 3.5 but since someone gave them a 1 star they get a 4.
This place is decent, the carne asada  is good but a little salty but i dont like much salt on anything I eat.
the Al Pastor was not good, it was not from a rotating spit, it tatsed pre-cooked, definately dont order that.
It's a nice mom and pop shop, prices are cheap.
1.07 for a taco and 4.99 for a burrito, that is a steal!.
Overall I would return and try some of the other stuff.

Best breakfast burritos in town

if you want a neighborhood place that is simple and delicious, Tacos El Burrito Loco is that place.
LV natives know the difference between authentic and 'americanized' Mexican food.
Every time I eat here I thank the good lord that our neighbors to the south have brought there awesome cuisine to our region.
I like to get nachos with chile verde or pastor.
The carne asada is muy bueno.
The service is great if you yourself are friendly.
Brink your own beer if you like.
If you don't have a sophisticated pallet or think Mexican food is only about tacos, there are other places.
For those who live in Central Las Vegas, we know the best kept secret for Mexican food.Tacos El Burrito Loco

This is the first time I have tried this place.
The menu was full of options and everything looks great.
I ordered the wet burrito with rice and it was delicious.
I only gave it a 3 star because it was missing the salsa bar and without it the food is not authentic to me.
However, after I finished.
I noticed that you can ordered that at the window, which would be helpful if it was offered when I ordered.

This place is great.
The staff is really friendly and the chile verde burrito is fantastic.
You know a mexican restaurant is good when most of the customers are hispanic.
I eat here for lunch three or four times a week.
Best cheap mexican food in Vegas.

