This was quite possibly the best doctors office visits I have ever had,  at least in the top 5.
The doctor is very experienced and knowledgeable.
The staff is friendly, professional and helpful.
The office is very clean and organized and beautifully decorated.
This office also offers cosmetic procedures, but I went in to get a baseline on my moles, and the nurse and doctor gave me a thorough exam.
After, while checking out, I saw they also offer waxing, so I was able to have my brows done and Brenda did a beautiful job.
All in all, a great experience.

Super fast visit!
The doctor was very knowledgeable and helpful.
I wasn't waiting long at all, I was in & out of there within 25 minutes.
The office is clean, nice decor & the staff was great.
They also do facials there at really good prices, I'll try one of those on my next visit.

I have had the worst experience with this office.
When I initially went over 6 months ago I had a few warts on my foot that needed treating.
I had also recently recovered from surgery on one wart that I had on my foot.
I had a scar that had formed on that area.
The assistant was very nice when I told her this, but when the main doctor came it, it was a whole different story.
He never even introduced himself.
He just walked straight towards me with the liquid nitrogen and was going to freeze the scar (that was still pretty sensitive on my foot).
When I objected, he told me that I was wrong and it was a wart.
He never even examined it!
Needless to say, over 6 months later it is still not a wart.
I also asked them if I had fungus on my big toenail.
They told me that I had bruising because my shoes were too small.
I thought that was pretty strange, but I went out and bought new shoes to give it a try.
They were wrong again.
It was a fungus and I wasted a bunch of money on new shoes.
So, 2 months ago I get a bill from them.
I call to see what it is for and never get a return phone call.
I called again and the message stated that the person that deals with billing is really overwhelmed and that she will call me back eventually.
It is pretty rare that I write a bad review because I know that one bad review can really hurt a business.
But, this is getting ridiculous.
I am actually writing this review in hopes that someone over there does something about this.

