I had an emergency and these good folks were wonderful.
They stayed after-hours to treat me.
The staff couldn't have been more wonderful and Dr. Scott Manthai gave me great care and follow-up.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.

I go every week to see Charl for my weekly allergy shot.
Charl is very personable and professional.
Dr. Scott Manthei and his staff are very customer service oriented.

Very sad when you receive a call the day before your appt making sure you will be on time and have been sitting in lobby 45 Mintues after appt and no one has informed me yet why I haven't been called to back.
The staff was NOT helpful at all especially the front office; She never once bothered to check how long the wait would be or even let us know anything.
I will never go back to this place again!!

This is by far the worst doctors office I have ever been too.
Last year I came for my yearly eye exam.
I waited 90 min before being called back and them waited another 45 min before being seen by the doctor.
I decided to give them another try this year.
My appointment was scheduled for 35 min ago and I'm still waiting to be called back.
The sad thing is that the waiting room has 4 other people sitting, so it's not like it's packed.
I'm not sure if the problem lies with the front desk or just poor scheduling.
I guarantee I will not be back next year.

Where do I start.
Well first off the receptionist at the front did not want to be there.
She never gave me eye contact.
In fact she continued to gossip with the people around her while blindly handing me things to fill out.
Very cold.
Next when I was finally called to the back, the lady was getting irritated at the fact I wanted to see the difference between 1 & 2.
I mean common!
Rude and cold again.
I waited for the doctor to come in, he told me my prescription and when I asked how it was that my left eye was worse than my right when I could clearly see better out of me left he jumped around the question and left.
It seemed as though he just wanted me out.
At the checkout area, the woman spent the majority of the time on the phone with a friend and every time she looked up she remarked "she use to work here.
" I'm sitting there thinking to myself this is unbelievable.
She's on the phone having a conversation while I'm waiting to be checked out.
The staff was very unprofessional.
The only good thing about the place was on lady who ran after me to give me a pair of contacts.
She was more help in answering my questions than the doctor or any of the others in the back.
She is the only reason they get 2 stars and not one.

Literally the worst experience I've ever had at a doctors office.
My appointment was at 235pm it is now 338pm and still waiting.
When I politely asked an estimated time the receptionist rudely replied, "when I get a room.
" It's funny how these places charge you for being late or a no show, but when it comes to the patients time they could care less.
Thank you for wasting and hour and a half of my time at this point.

