4/16/07.
Being a Queens, NY girl most of my life, I've had access to culinary delights from all over the world.
One of my favorites is Colombian food.
Imagine my joy when I discovered a Colombian restaurant in my newly adopted city.
A 'bandeja paisa' in the land of 'Disnefied' strip restaurants and where locals assume all Latin American food is represented by the great, but numerous Mexican restaurants here.
I had to check it out.
Oiga, Mire, Vea is located in the S. Sahara Pavillion on S. Decatur and W. Sahara.
It's not pretty, but the people at the counter greet you with a smile and engaging conversation.
The entrance leads you to a small bakery/seating area filled with flyers and Colombian merchandise.
Off to the side is an opening to the larger room, where live bands and dancing take place on the weekends.
It's tight, old and messy with local business advertising their wares on a table jam packed with business cards and posters.
I was ordering takeout and will continue to do so.
Not very inviting to sit down.
The food.
Having been deprived of my beloved Colombian food for too long, I placed quite a large order:  -Empanadas (overstuffed mini cornmeal meat and potato pies) -Chicharron with arepa (pronounced 'chee-chah-rrohn' - don't forget to roll your 'r's.
(fried pork rind with white cornmeal cake) -and the mother of Colombian plates, the Bandeja Paisa ('ban-deh-ha pie-sah).
A huge platter (enough for 2) of grilled steak (thin, but tasty), chicarron, red kidney beans, white rice, chorizo (choh-ree-zoh), fried ripe plaintain and a fried egg.
To be continued...

Ok first I should tell you my qualifications for being a reviewer of a Colombian restaurant.
Both my parents are Colombian and I first generation American, so that means I love food (American) and I know what Colombian food SHOULD taste like (Colombian Mom who is/was a GREAT cook).
My background aside.
REVIEW: This restaurant is easy to miss.
It's just outside of view from Decatur and a short walk from Sahara.
We took Bus # 204 from the Strip Monorail to make it to this place.
Well worth it!
The restaurants carries all the favorites.
Tamales, Bandeja Paisa (Colombian Smorgissbord of Food), Authentic Soups, Arepas, Pony Malta Drinks (yum), Shakes, Pastries, you name it.
They do an excellent job covering the spectrum of Colombian cuisine/treats to take home with you.
Now, the restaurant isn't very pretty on the inside.
As you come in, it looks like more of a Hispanic hole in the wall shop (Bodega) than anything else, adjacent to it is the dining room with overused tables/chairs you'd find at a cheap Party store, the wall decorations are thrown together and appear dirty... the bathroom is well...functional.
We were served by the little old lady of the house...who was very kind and hospitible...She informed us they've been there 7 years and business was OK.
I was saddened to see such things as Cuban Sandwiches/Dishes on the menu...because I guess the locals craved such things and they must be good sellers.
I think they have no place on the menu, but that's only my opinion.
The food: SPOT ON Colombian, delicious, rice perfectly cooked, arepa/cheese gooey, airey, and scrumptious, and Tamale, just plain authentic and tastey.
The restaurant must not be in the best of times, because it must be taking corners on food prep, certain ingredients looked to be missing from certain dishes and a full drumstick was taking up space in the center of our tamale...instead of pulling the bone/fat/joints from it.
Otherwise the meal was perfect.
Service: Slow and Forgetful, but you loved her anyways.
Recommend it: Definitely!
This restaurant needs some love and some honest feedback to have it more popular and well improved in the future!

The empanadas with cilantro sauce was yummmmy !!!
Im from Fort Lauderdale where there are Colombian bakeries left and right..
But this was the only one i could find in Vegas !!!
Not the prettiest place... but people are nice ... and the empanadas are scrumptious... And they sell P.A.N flour so i can make arepas at home !!!!
I couldnt find it anywhere else in Vegas.

Was fiending arepas so I searched Yelp and seems like this is one of the only places serving them.
You walk into a little Colombian market and the dining area is to your right.
I understand this dining area also becomes a salsa dance floor one night a week.
The photos on the menu look amazing.
I wanted to try everything.
There were a couple different kinds of arepas and they were decent, but none of them compared with really good arepas I've had outside of Vegas.
The empanadas were so-so.
They hard-sell you on their fresh juice - I got the tamarindo and it was pretty good.
For dinner I ordered the Sancocho de Gallina which is hen soup w green plantains, yucca root and a piece of corn on the cob in the soup.
The picture looked incredible.
But the dish did not taste as good as the picture looked.
Very bland and the cliantro wasn't fresh.
Also the yucca root was undercooked.
The plantains were decent.
The corn on the cob was the same sweet corn used in the arepas which was pretty good.
I'm not sure if I'll be going back.
Maybe if someone came from out of town and really wanted to go.

There is no way I, in my limited experience with Columbian cuisine, can accurately describe the wonderful food I had here but I was served the Bandeja Paisa recommended by the owner.
We're talking a LOT of food for fifteen bucks!
An egg, on top of rice and beans, next to the thickest pork rind you've ever seen (think bacon on steroids), right beside thick link of chorizo, all covering up steak garnished with a fried plantain.
Holy cow, that's a lot of food!
It was really, really good!
Very flavorful and carefully prepared and served.
The atmosphere in this place is Columbian hole-in-the-wall market all the way, complete with the phone card adverts and double-doored bottle cooler next to several bakery-warmer glass cases (where the empanadas are, along with some other freshly baked goods).
What's wrong with this place?
Nothing's wrong with this place!
Try it, you'll like it!
The menu has a wide variety of foods, probably comfort foods as well as fancy stuff.
Weekday specials for lunch (between 11am and 3pm) each weekday a different special.
The owner said he's been in business 8 years already in Las Vegas.
I say he'll be in business for 8 more if word gets out about his wonderful food!

Glad I didn't judge it buy its "cover".
It looks like a convenience store.
At the business owner suggestion I ordered the Weekday Special for $7.99.
I got Seafood Soup, Breaded fish, Plantains with rice and salad.
The soup was very good, lightly flavored, many different types of fish, clearly made in house.
I liked it much more than thought I was going to.
It was a good portion of soup, the side plate of food was to much food and didn't enjoy it as much as I did the soup.
BTW $10 min.
charge to pay with ATM card.
I would go back to try other foods.

Wanting to expand my culinary reach I decided to drop in here and try a little something.
The waitress is Fabulous, very friendly and informative-she offered me this empanada for FREE and made me this beverage from scratch!!!
Lots of plantains in Colombian food from what I understood.
alot like cuban and some hispanic cuisine but with a little varied flavors.
It was interesting but not something I'd go out of my way for again.
The drink was really good a little heavy like a smoothie but good.

Their Milo drink is amazing!
I'm so hooked.
I always order Milo every time I come here.
I've been here several times.
The empanadas and bunuelo are excellent.
I usually get the aijiaco soup (with sour cream).
The only bad thing is their serving in rice is not so generous.
The service is excellent though.
I always get the same waitress, and she is super friendly and sweet.
She will talk to you about the colombian culture (if you are a complete newby, or if you have a family member who's Colombian).
She always comes around to check to make sure you're good.
This restaurant is also a bakery / store.
Sometimes I go in just to order a bunuelo, empanada, or Milo to go from the bakery.

I revisited this restaurant recently and the empanadas were as delicious as usual, but it was really busy and there was like only one women taking orders and another women cooking so everything took forever!
I felt really bad for her because I heard that the other girl that was supposed to come called in sick last minute, but I think in the future ill just call ahead and order my empanadas to go hehe

Talk about an interesting spot.
It was my cousin's birthday and she loves salsa dancing, so we found this place late on a Saturday night.
Walking up to the entrance, it was a little confusing.
We were looking for a dance club and it looks like a Mom & Pop sandwich shop.
One of my cousins made the comment that it felt like a Speakeasy.
He's right on.
The entrance to the "club" part is through some doors to the side that are "guarded" by a guy in dark clothing.
I put quotes around "guarded" because it's not like he was checking IDs or anything.
Anyway, the dance floor was fun.
Most of us aren't much in the way of salsa dancers, but we all managed to have a good time.
The only problem I had at the time was when the waitress came over for drink orders.
I wanted something basic, like a gin and tonic, but she didn't understand what I was asking for.
I'm not dinging them for that; I'm just mentioning it.
We ended up just getting Sprites and strange coconut-flavored sodas.
I wouldn't mind trying some sort of Colombian alchoholic beverage.
If only I knew what one was.

My sisters columbian friend pointed us in this direction.
I enjoyed this new ethnic experience.
The moment I walked in, I was reminded of my my aunty's old restaurant shop.
I do mean to say "restaurant shop" because that's exactly what it is.
a restaurant and shelves of snacks, toys and other take-home things.
I guess that's one reason why I love this place, for taking me back to a childhood I almost forgot.
I've never been to any other columbian eatery, but word is that the portions are huge.
Which they were.. for me and my sister anyway.
We shared this plate of "Tamal" which came with a side of rice.
By the way, the rice was surprisingly sweet.
Almost like sticky rice.
It really complimented the spices in the tamal.
I've also discovered the best made empanadas ever!
probably even better than filipino empanadas =X.
It's unique for it's crispy crust and its pasty potato & beef mix inside.
And what set it in stone for me was the aji/ahji/ahhee (oh whatever the spelling is) sauce.
That place brought together family.
Mainly because we realized we were sitting next to the family of my sisters friend.
They also have a huge extended area.
Cus the area we were in was the "restaurant shop" But the other side is specifically restaurant.
It's good for big groups and such.
Cus yeah, I'm all about rolling deep!
I'll take my friends anywhere we can fit.

Only been here once(so far) to be honest I've never tried Colombian eats, but my friend brought empanadas to our work party one time and I fell so hard in love with it and its aji dipping sauce.
When I parked, I couldn't tell if there was a seating area, it looked like a walk up/ counter.
My sister and I were just planning to order some empanadas to go, but after meeting the owner and being fed his spanish greeting and his cultural energy, we decided to sit in.
We looked thru the menu, very different of course, from a Mexican menu.
But I have this weakness for tamales.
So we ordered a couple empanadas and one Tamal, it comes with side of lightly sweet n sticky rice.
Allow me to emphasize on the aji sauce.
I love celantro and lime.
Therefore I love this sauce.
Dont be afraid to drench your empanadas in aji or drench you aji in empanadas.
Its a family oriented little restaurant.
Has that "downtown shack" feel to it, but it's no biggy to me when the food and service is on beat.
We also had some Colombian soda.
Nothing special.
But, we did buy some Colombian chocolate candy.
Pretty nifty.
Something I did notice, sis and i were already done with dinner, and just chatting it up, when I noticed the workers putting up chairs.
I realized they were closed 9 minutes ago.
It's truly amazing when these folks are patient and not trying to rudely get rid of us.
I appreciate great hospitality.

It was my first time trying Colombian Cuisine.
Decided to give it a shot when the $25 certificate was on sale for only $2.00 at Restaurant.com (during its 80% OFF sale).
I brought a couple of friends with me so we could try this place out.
We weren't very excited when we first walked into the door since the entrance area looks like a tiny deli place.
However, we were seated in the area that was adjacent to the shop area, and it has music and disco lights, yes, disco lights.
Since this is our first time Colombian cuisine adventure, we decided to let the very lovely waitress help us decide what we should order.
(on the side note, the owner and the wairess here are both SUPER FRIENDLY!!
)  We ordered the Empanadas and the Papas Rellenas for our appetizers.
Both the Empanadas and the Papas Rellenas are to die for!
The only thing is, that the prices shown on the meny are "per empanada" and "per Papas Rellenas.
"  (so your bill could come back pricey!
)  For the main courses, we had the skewers and the Tamal.
The skewers were wonderfully flavored, however, a bit on the dry end.
The Tamal tasted wonderful and has a WHOLE CHICKEN LEG in it?!!!
We ended up paying for $30 after our gift certificate, it wasn't bad at all.
We'd definitely visit this restaurant again; the food is wonderful and very VERY different from Mexican food.

I went to a large dinner party here, so take my review with a grain of salt - my experience was different than most.
I walked into the small front room and thought surely I was in the wrong place.
Then they rolled the doors back to this HUGE dance hall sized room in the back .
It seems there are bands and dancing in here from time to time?
Interesting.
Service was good, but most importantly the food was excellent.
I tried lots of things I had never had before - tongue (seriously amazing, like short rib and nothing like the tongue tacos I've had since!
), and the pork skin also rocked.
It was chewy and fatty and wonderful.
MMMM  Definitely a place to check out if off the wall meats and interesting cuisine are your thing !

This place is very authentic.
Maybe too authentic.
Smallish seating area, kinda of confusing upon arrival, and the language barrier...if you speak Spanish, you're in, if you don't, well, there is some slight misunderstandings naturally.
The big thing is the food is done very well and the portions generous.
Very tasty food and done while you wait.
That's the short story.
Now for the longer story.
Very obscure and strangely located on the inner corner of an out building in the SE corner of the strip mall where the Saver's is at Sahara and Decatur.
When we arrived we were met and asked if we spoke Spanish.
We don't.
So they then located the one person who also spoke English and she asked if we had eaten Colombian food before.
Well we had, and explained how and where.
We were then told how Colombian food is not like Mexican food and other things we already knew.
She was very patient.
NOTE: I thought everyone knew Colombian food is more like Argentinian food than their Northerly cousins.
Guess not.
We were then given sample empanadas, freshly made.
Little pockets of joy is a better descriptive word.
Especially when taken with a spoonful of the accompanying sauce.
A must try if you go.
We ordered tongue on arepas ( corn cakes ) and Colombian chorizo on plantains.
We also ordered the fruit drinks.
Next time, we'll skip the fruit drinks.
But if you order them, have them with milk.
The watered ones separate too quickly and taste, well, watered down really.
And we waited and waited.
Not a problem for me.
But the lady taking our orders seemed worried for me.
I  am one who doesn't mind waiting for food prepared AFTER I order it, not waiting for me under the unhealthy glow of heat lamps ( think bad Chinese buffets ).
So waiting is not a problem.
Besides I like looking around.
I'm nosy, what can I say?
The dining area will NOT upstage the food.
And the smell of the place is wonderful.
Do NOT be in a hurry to eat.
BUT...
The waiting is worth it.
Except I got shredded beef, not tongue.
Which was very nicely done, though.
The food is filling and has fresh vegetable garnishes for cooling the palette.
Nice.
And the proportions generous.
But I had to ask if they were out of tongue or didn't remember me ordering it.
The gal thought she told me, but forgot.
Honest mistake.
At least she wasn't trying to slip one past this gringo.
And I realize tongue isn't always available.
But tell me first, and I'll order tripe soup or something else other than beef, which I can get anywhere.
Bottom line: I think this is the place where the food is King.
The atmosphere isn't going to shine.
And the service is OK, but you go for the food.
They do have a website menu.
Check it out first.
I plan on going back for a few things.
And knowing what to expect takes away any disappointment.
Maybe next time, we'll get treated like the foodies we are, not McDonald's patrons who wandered into the wrong place.
Ethnic places need to remember I'm here for the food they cook, not a hamburger and fries.
Give me empanadas or give me Death!
Just kidding, I'll settle for arepa's and tongue, though.

Empanadas were good.
Two were pretty filling, though they're small.
Also got the stuffed yucca appetizer (sorry, forgot name).
It was really good with the fresh chimmichuri they bring to the table.
That was my meal for about $5-6, and it was good.
I'll be back.
Service was slow, but bring a good dining partner and you'll be fine.
Oh yeah, this is one of those places where you don't want to drink the (tap) water.
It tastes awful.
Too bad they don't use filtered.

Decent restaurant, family-friendly.
Empanadas were delicious, everything else was not bad but not outstanding.
Note: they play music here very loud in the dining room/cabaret area.
Also, karaoke started while we were there, which was fine with us but may not be for everyone.
Check for 4 adults and 4 children was about $85.
We used a restaurant.com $25 coupon but I don't know if that was before or after the coupon because someone else paid.

Great empanadas.
Service not so great.
Waited for about 15 mintues after being seated.
The place is so tiny, I don't understand how the person could forget about me when he passed my table every single time he attended another table.
I go ONLY for empanadas.
The rest of the food is okay.
Empanadas are awesome.

I must start off by admitting that I ate here with my Colombian husband, mother-in-law, father-in-law, and brother-in-law, and my mother-in-law is the most amazing cook!
That said, I tried the empanadas and papa rellenas (two of my favorites).
They both tasted just like the ones you buy on the streets of Cali (which is a good thing).
They were delicious and the aji complimented them nicely.
The aji had a slight heat and plenty of flavor.
They serve actual drinks from Colombia (Pony Malta, Colombiana, etc.
) which made my husband and brother-in-law happy.

this  place has really awsome colombian food.
I love coming to a place where you are welcomed.
The food is well cooked, my wife loves this place.

So here we go.
I ordered Chicharron con arepas y bandeja paisa.
Now had I known the Bandeja Paisa came with Chicharron and an arepa I would have just ordered that.
That being said those two things plus a Guava nectar were $22 which I thought was a bit pricey.
In any case - the chicharron was good.
Good amount of crunch, right amount of meat and fat left on it.
I thought it could have been seasoned a little better but they are probably just trying to tailor it to the American palette (which mine is not).
So what is the deal with Arepas?
They are just plain tasteless little corn meal patty things?
I mean I like corn meal but they are white corn meal not even yellow so not much flavor?
That being said they are soft and lovely to soak up 'other' flavors with just don't come with any flavor of their own.
Now to the Bandeja Paisa.
They should just call this a sh*t load of meat platter lol.
Cuz wow.
Came with sausage, steak (flank or skirt), chicharron, yellow plantain, arepa, rice and kidney beans (on the side), and an egg.
Now I don't know about you but when I open a food container and see a rice with an egg on top I'm pretty much thinking SUCCESS!
LOL.
So similar feeling when I saw the Bandeja Paisa.
In pieces:  Rice - perfect (no flavor but none needed as it had beans and an egg)  Sausage - started out feeling weird about it because the texture is weird it has meat chunks in it vs. ground stuff but it's SOOO flavorful and soon became my favorite part of the dish.
Beans - They were OK.  Our beans (Puerto Rican) have a lot of flavor and these were a little bland but not bad.
Steak - thin and a bit dry - could have used more flavor again but not bad at all.
Egg - over easy.
Yellow plantain - sweet and delicious - hard to mess this up  Chicarron - same as it was in the appetizer plate  Arepa - same  Overall I enjoyed it - felt stuffed and enjoyed the new food experience.
Service was fine - I called the order in to go and the guy behind the counter was pleasant enough.
On a side note - God help you if you speak Spanish from a different country other than Colombia because the girl that took my order over the phone spoke at mach speed.
LOL.
But no biggie.
Was sad I forgot to order Flan.
I am ALWAYS disappointed in Flan I get outside of my grandmother's kitchen so I will order that up next time.
UPDATE:  I later came back and ordered CHEESE arepa and it was yummy so I give them another star now that I understand the whole arepa thing.

Seriously, I have a new found love for Colombian food, and I owe that to Christie O!
I was stuffed, satisfied, entertained, and blown away with the quality of the food.
The best characteristic that makes it of great quality is that it is HOMEMADE and made from scratch.
There's nothing like eating your friend's mom's homemade cooking.
The empanadas?
AMAZING!
Sad to say that I actually like these empanadas than my country's empanadas.
The crust was crunchy and soft, but not too thick where it dries your mouth and over powers the stuffing inside.
PERF!
It was made with a mixture of meat and potatoes.
It wasn't super filling.
Oh..you just had to be there.
Next dish was the chicken skewers with a side of beans and rice.
What's in the rice!
It's flavored rice and it was so good.
I wanted to eat more of it, but I just didn't want to get sucked into the asian stereotype of hoarding rice (...ehem).
The chicken was so tender and well marinated.
My favorite though was the arepa con queso (I think that's the one)...it's this tortilla topped with this nice sweet creamy cheese!
It was so good, and fattening for sure, but I wanted so much more it.
That will surely be one of my motivations to come back.
Second motivation, is the Picada.
It's like a big plated feast for royalty!
It has this DELICIOUSLY flavored grilled steak, pork rinds, sausage, this blood sausage (which everyone was raving about!
), potatoes, and these awesome fried green plantains I kept picking off.
Oh it was so good and the helping is good to feed a family of four!
Third motivation is the entertainment.
Karaoke?
Oh yes they do!
Some Colombians sure have vocal chords built for the gods!
They also have this cute little salsa session where you can bust out your DWTS moves on the floor.
Get your ball change on!
If I had the choreographic skills to keep up with the pros I probably would have busted a move on the dance floor for much longer.
Thanks so much Christie O for introducing to us this amazing place!
the owners are SO SWEET and HOSPITABLE!
It was as if we were their guests in their home!
I felt super welcomed!
Also, I do recommend to try their Apple soda.
DELISH!!

Hearty is one word to describe the smorgasbord of grindage we had.
Not only was the food very tasty, The owners and service staff were so nice and happy to see that non-Columbians were enjoying their cuisine.
We were served family style and we enjoyed the following:  Empanadas with Chimichurri-Crisp, Flavorful, and a great start to our Columbian feast.
Chicken Skewers with Rice, Beans and Sweet Plantains-Love the combination of sweet and salty, so the beans and plantains complimented the juicy chicken and addicting arroz!
The Picada is seriously a Carniwhore's heaven!
a plate filled with veggies, Tostones(fried green plantains) Beef, Chicharrones, an interesting vinegary tasting Columbian style sausage, and a blood sausage which had a similar taste to Filipino Dinuguan with rice and stuffed in a sausage casing.
I personally prefer the Colombian Style Arepa to the more familiar Venezuelan arepa that Viva Las Arepas serves.
OMV serves it in a griddled corn cake(your choice of yellow or white corn topped with a generous piece of queso fresco.
this again is a nice combo of salty and sweet.
YUM!
After a some Pastel de Guayaba, we enjoyed Tres Leches and enjoyed the club like atmosphere at the same time as our dinner which made it kinda difficult to communicate with others in our party, but nonetheless fun and festive.
Salsa dancing and the Karaoke stylings of Henry Churches with his rendition of "Bailamos" and "Hero" had the crowd hootin' and hollerin'!
(If you're still having a brain fart on who Henry Churches is...en espanol= Enrique Iglesias).
Big mahalo to Christie, and we'll most definitely be back...ALOHA!!

Based on Yelp reviews, our party of four headed over to Oiga, Mire, Vea, excited to try a cuisine that we weren't familiar with.
Truth be told, we hesitated going in.
The outside of the restaurant is off-putting ... but hey, we're here.
Let's give it a go.
And boy, did we enjoy our dinner!
I actually jotted down and ordered other posters' recommendations.
We had sweet plantains, arepas, vegetarian empanadas, bunelos, garlic potatoes -- wow, that's a lot of garlic!
--  skewers of chicken and beef, what looked like pork schnitzel.
Yum.
I particularly liked the Columbian condiment of cilantro and onions.
Our waitress refilled the ramekin twice and gave me little containers to take home, with our leftovers.
If you go to this restaurant, know that it's not fine dining.
The décor is hum drum -- perhaps even depressing -- but the food?!
Real good!
The staff was very nice, if not a bit amused, by our group.
I'll be back, next time in Vegas.

After our first choice was closed for a private family get together.
We were at a lost on where to have a late lunch, until I remembered this place (thanks to Kevin P and Nelson Q for writing those amazing reviews, which is what made me bookmark this place.
It was easy to find, located in an eclectic strip mall far away from the main part of LV where there is plenty of parking!
Walking into this family owned restaurant we were greeted with a friendly Hola!
I was not expecting this as I stumbled over my own Spanish and answered her in a half hola/hello (insert embarrassment).
She said we could sit anywhere, which we picked to sit in the larger dining room/dance area.
In the dining area, it is on the dim side but with the large screen TV, we could see.
The set up of their dining room/ dance area is hard to explain, I have seen it a couple of times when I would eat at Ecuadorian restaurants in LA.
Dark tables and dark chairs with high backs.
Artwork is hung on all the walls around the dining area.
At one point, I kind of fell in love with the fat Jesus painting and wanted to take a photo.
Mama was out in the dining room cleaning the table closest to the stage, at first I thought she was talking to someone else but then I realized she was speaking to me and in which again caught off guard I stammered and stuttered as she asked if I spoke en espanol.
To which I said to her un poco.
Ahhhh she said and walked away.
Our waitress brought us our menus and some churriauce to use for later.
I ordered an ice tea, which was kissed with lemon and a hint of sugar.
Not too bad tasting!
After looking over the menu our waitress asked if we were ready to order, in which we said yes!
Appetizers:  -Empanadas-Turn-overs stuffed with meat and diced potatoes -Chicharron- This is not your Mexican mama's chicharron that she would give you back in the days, instead this was more south america mama style which I kind of liked better- Each rind was crunchy and soft, squeeze some lime on it before you start eating it!
Each of these appetizers was single serving but just enough for two to share!
The MAIN EVENT-  Arepa with shredded meat- The meat has a lot of flavor and was not dry, but still I wanted to kick up the spice flavor and added some churriauce sauce and it brought out the taste even more!
Everything was delicious and the service was wonderful too, we left feeling full and happy!
Will we be back?
Por supuesto que para más sabrosa comida!

I was definitely surprised when my friend suggested that we go and eat Columbian food.
But hey, she was the one who just finished a 4 hour tattoo session so I was not about to question her on where she was picking to eat afterwards.
She found out about Oiga, Mire, Vea Columbian Cuisine via Urban Spoon.
I looked it up on Yelp and was again, pleasantly surprised to see that Christie O., Christopher G., & Kevin P. were fans so I knew that this was going to be good.
We were definitely noobs to the whole experience.
When we walked in, I was not quite sure what was going on since we didn't notice the restaurant to our right hand side but only the shop in front of us.
Our hostess/server told us to pick anywhere to sit and asked if we had been there before.
She gave us time to look over the menu before taking our orders and even helped my friend learn how to pronounce "Sobrebarriga.
" Lol!
When the food came out, mm mm it was delicious!
Especially topped off with the.. sauce?
That she gave us before we even ordered.
I had the carne asada without red beans in my rice and my friend had the sobrebarriga en salsa.
We finished our food in record time.
I will definitely be back!

It is very unfortunate that there is only ONE Colombian restaurant in Las Vegas, and this one is not a good example of our gastronomy.
What I really dislike about this place is the inconsistency.
One day food might be good but the next it will be terrible; customer service is very bad, and sometimes they dare to serve OLD OLD food.
I do love their empanadas.....they are pretty good!
Las Vegas needs a GOOD Colombian restaurant and not this mediocre place.

BABY THIS AND BABY THAT  In 2011 I went ahead and purchased a batch of restaurant.com coupons for a couple dozen places.
What I didn't anticipate was that more than half of them are still in my makeshift folder.
This evening it was either Russian or Colombian.
Russian place is closed and/or relocating.
So, it'll have to be Colombian.
Last time I dined Columbian style was at Pueblito Viejo on Bird Street, Miami, FL http://www.yelp.com/biz/pueblito-viejo-no-2-miami#query:colombian%20restaurants in Miami, FL  It was like the second coming of Walt Disney.
Eccentric, overwhelmingly eclectic to the max, animated and authentic Colombian from the moment I had set foot into that restaurant.
Now keep that picture in mind and strip all those Disney characters from the ceiling and walls.
That's what Oiga, Mire, Vea Colombian Cuisine is simply about.
It's all about the muy rapido speaking server, a room fit for a union hall meeting and those monster black JBL speakers suspended from the ceiling.
Fortunately, it was not time for the partying to start.
So we got to dine in peace and quiet.
Yelper Kevin P's review will tell you what it's like during party time.
It's the work hard and play hard factor.
Our server was quick to suggest sampling the following (talk about being lead by the nose):  Bunuelo:  round bread, fried, made from white corn flour and cheese  Empanada:  turn-over stuffed with meat and diced potatoes.
Served with "Aji" homemade mild green sauce.
Bandeja Paisa:  Colombian traditional mix plate of grilled steak, fried pork rind, red beans, rice, chorizo, fried egg, in this case fried ripe plantain.
Ajiaco:  Chicken soup with Colombian yellow potatoes, domestic potatoes and corn on the cob,  Served with sour cream, capers, and rice.
As it turns out there's enough food for another meal for two.
In retrospect, the leftovers tasted even better.
To wash things down, we ordered a Colombian pina and their version of a cola soda.
Our muy rapido server has now begun to call us "her babies.
" She obviously took a liking to us.
We talked story about family.
She has a 37 year old son... you couldn't tell by looking at her (that's a compliment).
Once again I've tinkered with Colombian cuisine, I would very much like to taste more of this cultural mix of indigenous, Spanish, African, Arab and some Asian influences.
It was much too late in the evening to try their Colombian coffee and desserts.
BTW... in Miami there are over fifty Colombian restaurants and that does not include the Chinese/Colombian which are extremely popular.

Visited here for lunch a few days ago.
The place reminded me of some the little restaurants that I enjoyed during my travels abroad.
Tried the empanadas & they were delish.
Had the carne asada with rice & beans.
Rice and beans were good but the steak was a little tough but flavorful.
The aji(green sauce) definitely enhanced the flavor of every thing.
Will be back.
More foods that I want to try.
Service was good.

At first we didn't see the big doors leading to the real dining room.
Just the 5 little tables and a lot of "stuff," making it look like more of a convenience store than a restaurant.
On a weekday night, on the late-ish side, the only signs of life were the owner eating soup at one of the tables, and a young waitress newly arrived from Colombia, hesitantly speaking English.
No prob for me, since I speak Spanish.
I was a little dismayed to think that this "atmosphere," or lack thereof, would be the stage for our first venture at this restaurant, but then I heard noise and noticed those doors.
The waitress explained that there was a meeting taking place in there, and so it was off-limits.
The owner came over and gave us a thorough explanation of the menu, making suggestions, too.
We took most of them:  a couple of empanadas and an arepa de choclo to start (choclo is the word for corn in So.
America), a meal-in-a-bowl soup and an Arroz con Pollo entree to share.
Right after we ordered, the small ragtag group - some biker types, some jocks - holding the meeting in the dining room adjourned, and we were able to move into the very big and much more pleasant room.
I wondered what was so secret about that meeting that it had to be kept private???
They couldn't have taken up more than a table or two.
The empanadas were astoundingly good.
The arepa was a little too sweet for my taste; I don't know whether the corn was just naturally sweet or whether sugar is added to the dough.
It was topped with a mass of mozzarella cheese that was probably heated a bit too long - each bite was squeaking when I chewed it.
The soup was simply fantastic, a large bowl of tasty chicken broth that was not overly salty.
We chose the one that had shredded chicken, since we're too damned lazy to deal with chicken on the bone.
This one also came with potatoes instead of rice, which was perfect, since we were having Arroz con Pollo.
And therein lies the problem:  that dish was ghastly.
Both the chicken and the rice were completely dried out.
I threw some of the parsley condiment over it to moisten it, but it didn't really help.
Normally we're not shy about complaining or returning a dish that isn't up to snuff, but this time I was too full from the soup and appetizers to start in with the wait for another dish.
So when the waitress passed by and asked about our food, I told her about the dried-out dish.
She asked if we wanted to change it for something else, and we declined the offer.
But here's the kicker, and the one thing that has really soured me about this place:  I was already outside when my husband went to the register to pay the bill, and he mentioned to the owner about the dried-out rice and chicken.
The response:  "Well, rice dishes are always dry.
"  Really?
Tell that to Mr. Risotto.
And that was the sum total of the answer.
No apology, and no acknowledgement that maybe that pot of chicken and rice had been reheated a few times too many.
Any restaurant can have problems with any dish.
I've gone back over and over to restaurants at which we had problems, mainly because the owners were genuinely concerned about the quality of the food and desire for the customer to have a positive dining experience.
On the other hand, why should I return to a place where the reaction to a critique is a shrug, even if there are enough good things on the menu to warrant a second visit?
Karma kounts, in my book.

The food here is always good but unless your Hispanic count on getting terrible service.
I am regular customer because the food and the owner are absolutely amazing.
However the waitress today was rude and condescending.
I felt rushed as she was taking my order, she was weeded with 3 tables including us and she had a runner.
30 minutes to get appetizer that were pre made empanadas that I had previously asked for 3 times and she kept saying they were coming.
Next time I will order my food to go ad avoid the rude, condescending and dismissive service.
Food is 5 stars but service was  terrible, I hate to write bad reviews especially for an establishment I love so much but she has to learn to be more hospitable.
Restaurants survive on returning customers and service can make a lasting impression.

I keep telling myself to give this poor place another chance but unfortunately I went again on December 2013 and the service was horrible and the food as usual not good at all..
Whenever there is any Latinos in town or Colombians I highly DO NOT recommend this place at all since I do not want to make any enemies..If you are craving Colombian food go to Los Angeles there is quite a few places there that are authentic and deeeelicious!
the decor is horrendous I feel like I'm in a cave someplace

This was a nice experience...best way to explore a culture is to try their food...and we did just that at this place.
The server was very helpful.
Only down side is the service is slow , after we finished eating it took like another fifteen minutes just to get the check.
Anyway we enjoy the food, we might be back later on to try the rest of the menu.

South American food, particularly Columbian and Puerto Rican, are generally best in divey atmospheres.
I'm not kidding, the less care taken in setting up a clean, modern, and fashionable restaurant setting, the more authenticity and effort put into making food that is genuine, delicious, and satisfying.
Came in on a weekend afternoon for take out.
Opted for the lengua in salsa, the chuletas dish, and two empanadas, which was about $30 before tax and enough for another meal later of leftovers.
The empanadas with the green sauce were a great start to our meal: BF isn't typically a fan of these small meat pies, but he inhaled one and had to be warned not to eat mine as well.
Acidity of the green sauce brightened up the flavor.
The lengua was to die for.
No kidding, the sauce of tomatoes and onions and potatoes is heavenly, the perfect south American comfort food.
The lengua itself was a plentiful portion, stewed to just the right texture and doneness that it fell apart beautifully.
The chuleta dish was also a gigantic portion, and the green sauce came in handy here as well, keeping the dish from becoming boring.
Speaking of boring, most people don't consider rice to be all that exciting.
The rice here is perfect: fluffy, light, warm, and flavorful, rather than just filler.
I generally stay away from or go light on carbs, and this rice had me sneaking bites until it was all gone.
Chuleta was served with a side salad, which came with several tomato wedges and nearly an entire lime- all very fresh!
Also opted for a side of yucca, which I love, though this version was nice and crispy like very thick steak fries, but I prefer them with a stronger garlic seasoning to them.
Added a bit of salt and ate with yet more of the green sauce.
Fabulous.
Overall service was very friendly.
There seemed to be a whole family working.
Food was made fresh to order and took a few minutes longer than one might usually expect to wait for an order, but the quality of the food more than justifies any delay you might experience.

The food was great!
full of authentic flavors, the portions were satisfying, the waitress was friendly but the setting is not pretty.
Considering the prices, not the most expensive but not cheap either, I spect to be seated in an air-conditioned dining room and not in the middle of a convenience store, next to an open door with the Las  Vegas heat engulfing the entire space making everyone uncomfortable.
Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed shopping for their goodies imported from Colombia after finishing my meal, but seating in the same area is just not comfortable.

I'm a Colombian living in LA and LV.
Wanted to some traditional Colombian food only to be turned away by bad service and little attention.
There's only two waitresses for the whole restaurant and one cook.
Both to busy to even notice my family and I sitting and waiting.
When we called one of them over they rudely told is that it'd be 45 minutes before we could be helped.
Left and never coming back.
Sad that this is the only Colombian restaurant in town.

I have been here multiple times, hoping for improvements, but the service is the worst.
It is negligent, unprofessional, and imprudent.
Sadly, the waitresses' bad attitude is more than enough to turn away any customer.
The up-in-your-face approach comes off in a very condescending manner.
As a Colombian, it is a great disappointment.
// El servicio es lo peor--horrible, por no decirlo de otra manera.
Como Colombiano, este lugar es una gran decepción.

I saw reviews here and knew I better try the bandeja paisa.
I have celiac and felt great about everything made from scratch with few flours except corn and hominy.
The corn/cheese and the corn/cheese/beef empanadas are a must try.
And the selection of Latin sodas and juices are amazing, literally from all over Latin america.
The service was amazing friendly and helpful... Bragging a little about the homemade choices is a sign of pride and knowledge.
Hubby tried the skewers...
Were very good... And the soup with chicken (galleta) was delish.
Not fancy.
Humble yet tasteful.
Kind of like grandma's from the other side of the tracks.
Must try.

Everytime I go here it seems the portions get smaller and more expensive.
The staff is poorly trained and the food always comes out cold.
Too bad there isn't any other colombian restaurants in Las Vegas.
I went there today hoping it would get better,  but it just gets worse.
I wouldn't recommended anyone going here

Horrible, Terrible..........Overpriced!!!
Tipical colombian place...
But the food not good enough.
The service really bad, slow and poor.
They can offerd more because they can't.

