This Wendy's is REALLY SLOW at getting food out.
The food is pretty standard for Wendy's, but the service is SUPER SLOW.
Also, this tends to be the dinner spot for a lot of the homeless from around the area- so carry some loose change.

Ordered food today between 5pm and 5:30pm and it was less than ok.
The chicken sandwich was good but that is where it ends.
Baked potato was cold and this particular store doesn't have cheese or bacon for its potato's?
Ok uh huh.
The fries were white and raw.
The soda had a funny taste and I'm not sure if it was the mixture or the ice.

My aunt once told me that when she orders fast food she tells them to give her whatever they think she wants because she always gets the wrong order anyhow.
Well, I am feeling the same way about Wendy's.
I ask for cheese and onion on the cup of chili.
I get chili with nothing.
I ask for balsamic dressing for my salad and they give me ranch.
I don't get the croutons with my salad.
I order a hamburger.
That is with no cheese.
It comes with cheese.
I try to use a coupon and get told it is not in their system and so I get charged full price.
I have had too many bad experiences with this Wendy's.
When it comes to incorrect orders, slow service, ever increasing prices and smaller portions, I am through with them.
Wendy's may be convenient for my office but it is not worth it.
From now on I will find somewhere else to get my lunch.

This place sucks and the service blows.
Waited for 5 minutes with one person in front of me then another 5 mintues - Not fast food at all - Del Taco would probably be better next door or you may make it home in ten minutes to cook yourself something to eat -nuff said

I don't know if it was a change in management, a change is support staff or a change in both but this Wendy's location has stepped up their game a bit.
Against my better judgement I went to Wendy's last week to give it another chance after months of a boycott.
I was impressed.
The food came out very quick and my order was accurate.
A spicy chicken sandwich.
I know, it is hard to mess up an order that simple.
So I decided to try again today.
Same situation.
Fast food and an accurate order received.
For that I am giving them a bump up to 3 stars from my previous rating of 2.
Today I ordered a Ceasar side salad, a four piece chicken nugget, and a spicy chicken go-wrap.
My complaint is that one of my four nuggets was about half the size of the other three but that is just the way it was processed.
3 stars seems fair right now for the change in customer service.
Change for the better is progress.
I still have a problem with Wendy's on a corporate level.
They have alienated their customer base with cost cutting measures.
They have raised prices and given less food all to make a buck.
The side salad from Wendy's is not a big salad.
It is a side.
Yet the dressing packet was not big enough to even cover the side salad.
I would have asked for extra dressing had I ordered a larger salad.
There are a few items left on the menu I still like so I will probably be back.
Though I will not visit as frequently as I used to.

Horrible drive thru, I was the only customer in the drive thru at 6:27 I pulled up after ordering just a portabello mushroom burger.
I paid at 6:28, I know cause I kept looking at the receipt after the black guy who's name said antonio on the receipt said it's going to take less than 5 min.
They always tell me to park to the side after any order I get.
Finally it's the last time I'm letting them do that because it costed me an 11+ min.
wait.
I saw 3 other customers behind me park their cars too..and several others in the drive thru leaving with their food.
One customer waiting after me left with no food speeding off almost causing an accident.
The other behind that one left with the food from an employee bringing them it.
I honked my horn and asked why are they being served first and I've been here for 10 min before them!.
The tall longer dark hair guy in a hat mumbled off not answering my question and went back inside.
Then I walked in.
I asked where is my burger and it was like an echo through the place.
They came up with it with it after a min.
Of what I observed was confusion and they added no comments on their unexceptional service.
Two people said "I added an "xtra" med fry for the wait", I don't even like the fries, the are cold and soggy every time, that's why I just wanted a burger by itself.
I demanded a refund immediately!
I wasn't even hungry anymore I was so upset.
I pay for service as much as food.
They took their time giving me a refund and asking around like a bunch of Amateurs.
They even took my receipt knowing they screwed up in the assessment of this situation.
Look up the times and you will see between 6:28pm of paying and at 6:42ish I received my refund meanwhile my car sits out in front of the drive thru.
I was late to work and this is the last time I or anyone I work with across the street gets that pitiful service.
I'm so upset that a bunch of adults cannot be competent enough to work for what America sees the fast food chain as the lowest form of education.
I don't even know why I'm writing this complaint because it will not change anything and you will do nothing for the stress I endured and a recorded tardiness for my work record.
But I'm posting this same response in every possible review, therefor causing less money for this company and hopefully making someone aware not to ever go there.
You've been warned.
Oh and they stop making frosties at 1130pm.

