Very unprofessional.
They have unclear and unprofressional business policies.
Did not accept company check from another tow yard, was not told this untill we made the 5 hour drive to pick up a vehicle.
Office personell are very unhelpful.
When our business owner called to talk to a supervisor they said it is business policy that no one can speak to a supervisor.
Horrible business.

worst towing company in the Vegas  area.
They are completely rude on the phone!

I had super great service today from Nathan at fast tow.
He had a terrible position to get my car hooked up to tow, but he did it perfect without any struggle.
What I liked 2nd best is that they only took 25 mins to get there.
I have no complaints, everything went great.

If I could give negative stars, I would.
This company is worst interaction I have ever had with any company ever.
They towed my vehicle which was parked in an area barely marked with any visible towing warnings.
I was gone for only 5 minutes and they had completely sneaked my car away.
The first time I called they even told me they didn't have it so I eventually had to call the police to find out it was them.
Completely rude and unhelpful over the phone.
When I called at 4:40 PM the girl on the phone mocked me by saying "if you don't get here by 5 we are going to charge you even more".
She sounded delighted.
I took a bus which took well over an hour because they are located so "conveniently" far away from where they tow your car.
Whatever you do DO NOT listen to their website which says they are located at "3850 Losee Road" in multiple spots.
I fell for this and when I got there they informed my my car was actually at their OTHER address 3 miles down the road.
So off I walked for 3 miles down the road in the 105 degree heat.
What did I find when I got there?
Well they only take cash of course!
So they politely directed me to their fee charging ATM to withdraw 250 dollars.
250 dollars for keeping my car locked up for 9 hours.
Total time wasted: 4.5 hours.
What a total scam.
These people are the scum of the earth.
Warn anyone you see who is being towed by them.
Never do business with these people.
They do not deserve to be patronized.

My car was towed (along with 20 others) last night.
We were parked next to Firefly on Paradise in an office building parking lot.
This was after hours and there were no "no parking" signs.
I personally parked in a visitor spot.
Approximately two hours later, all of the cars in my lot were gone.
We trekked over to Fast Tow in North Las Vegas only to find our cars hadn't even been entered into their system yet.
People had been waiting for hours for the pleasure of forking over $275.
And if you would like to see your car before signing their waiver document - you have to pay them an additional $40.
I don't understand how this place operates within the law.
Additonally, the fact I just moved to Las Vegas made it extremely difficult to get my car back from them because I have registration, tags and license from Texas.
They gave me a really hard time and made the process pretty scary.
Absolutely atrocious experience.
I honestly wish there was the possibility of some kind of class action lawsuit.

Worst costumer service ever.
I scheduled a tow at 4:30pm and the truck did not arrive until 6:30pm they never even bothered to call to say they were running late.
And every time I called they put me on hold for 5-10 min.
Telling me they could not find the address after i was trying to give them directions but nobody would listen.
When when the driver finally arrived, I told him my husband was going to follow him and he would be here in 10 min and (like everybody else in his company) he did not listen.
He said he could not wait 10 min for me and he took off and was really rude.
I called dispatch and they said "diver said there was nobody at the residence.
" Then they apologized and said they were going to send him back.
20 min later they called in another company in because they were all incapable of doing there job.

How is this place legally operating?
They towed my car from my home.
I thought my car was stolen.
The reason?
My car didn't pass it's smog test and I had it scheduled to go into the mechanic that specializes in my make of vehicle.
Anyways, so my car was literally only a few days past it's registration and was sitting in my driveway.
They towed it for that.
They lied and said that they put a tag on it 48 hours before towing.
A whole day and $400 later I have my car back.
This can not be legal.
I am looking into it.

We had our car STOLEN...TWICE!
Once by the crack smoking thugs (thank you to fast towing for leaving that in there)  and with a police report, they refused to even let us look in the car let alone pick it up because we did't have the registration (in the car as most people keep it) We asked them to look and all they "found" was a bill of sale....with our name on it!
After 3 trips to the tow company over 2 days being asked  to get paperwork after paperwork, they finally released the car after receiving the faxed registration from Montana.
They refused to give the discount for their fees even with a police report and when we looked in the car, the registration AND insurance were right on the floorboard!
This company treated crime victims like criminals and yelled at me when I tearfully asked them to show some kindness in their customer service.
Not only should NO ONE use this company, but they should be shut down....apparently when they ran the mob off the strip...they opened up this tow company!
Our city should stop all contacted services with them as they are operating as legal extortionist and car thefts.
METRO and NLVPD....Please stop giving these thieves your business!

This weekend, our car broke down on the way to Fleming's for dinner...literally IN the turn lane going into the restaurant.
So disappointing.
We were able to push the car into the parking lot, and searched online for a tow company to pick it up in the morning.
Fast towing was able to get us scheduled, and the driver showed up a few minutes early.
He loaded the car up, and drove to the shop where we were dropping it off for repairs...he was SO much better than the last tow company we used!
If you're in a jam, give them a try...They were really good to us this weekend.

