My very first visit was in September of 2012.
I was greeted by an older gentleman at the door and when I asked him how his day was, he replied, "It is a great day!
I always know that I am loved when I come here.
"   Since that day, I have been back nearly every Sunday and will definitely agree to that man's sentiments.
At New Song, I always feel loved, welcome, and part of a joyful and friendly community.
Those feelings were exactly what I was looking for in a worshipping community and I am so excited to have found them here in Anthem.
I have participated in each of the worship services they offer, a 5:30pm Saturday night one, which was really relaxed.
It was really convenient when I had to go out of town that weekend.
The 8:00 am service on Sundays is a traditional Lutheran service, very similar to my hometown back in MN.
The 9:15am service is called a blended service, and that one offers hymns and contemporary music that is easy to sing.
And the 10:30am service is the full blown, SOS radio, type worship.
One thing that I really appreciate is the sound theology that is always presented at New Song.
There is a wide variety of Pastors who are invited to share the Word and that has really made a difference.
I have learned so much since September!
Overall, it is a great community church that helps out the community in so many ways, including donating to local food shelves, helping students in the local middle school, teaching quality education to preschoolers, and (very excitedly) being one of the top places for blood donations.
If you want a great worshipping experience that stretches beyond just Sunday morning, I highly recommend New Song!

This church has shown cartoons to very little children at their shcool at chapel (4 year olds) about the Passover, blood on the doorposts, Pharaoh, etc.
Inappropriate for the age in my opinion, and not rated appropriately in my opinion.
Also, one of the teachers mentioned to someone that she was told (by the leaders) that she and others who worked there were to block / not associate with a parent who had a legitimate concern and questions about their child's safety.
In my opinion, would advise parents to pray about attending here.

When I had a concern about the schooling here and my children's safety while attending, many of the church leaders/staff (my children's teachers, secretary, etc.
) ultimately shunned/blacklisted me.
The church leaders ordered the staff to not contact me nor be my friend.
Two teachers and the secretary removed me from their friend lists on Facebook for no good cause.
When I saw my child's teacher while out and said hello, she acted distant and unloving.
This is truly sad behavior; however, I do love and pray for them anyway and wish God's best for them.
I pray the Lord would bless them regardless and hope they would come into God's light and walk in the truth.
It would be wise to be cautious here.
I had to pull my children out of the church school early due to this behavior from people who I trusted with my children.
"And the second is like, namely this, You shall love your neighbor as yourself.
There is no other commandment greater than these.
" Mark 12:31  "Do to others as you would have them do to you.
" Luke 6:31

When we moved to Henderson from out of state we did our fair share of church shopping.
We ended up at New Song just after they moved into their permanent church and have never looked back.
Both of our children have been baptized there and they attend VBS every year.
New people are always welcomed and it is the type of place where there is something for everyone.

We have been going off and on for over 10 years with my inlaws who are members.
Pastor Dave is a very kind and approachable Pastor.
He married my husband and I in 2004 and baptised my daughter and two nephews.
Just recently we renewed our wedding vows with Pastor Dave in a very intimate, religious ceremony which was important to us.
The church is very traditional and we like attending with my inlaws for all the holidays.
I love the music ministry and my daughter has been attending a summer camp for three years.
I highly recommend this church.

