Do not come here.
I repeat: DO NOT COME HERE.
The front desk staff was pretty nice, but the doctor was a complete jerk.
The wait was 2 hours, and when I finally saw the doc, he was completely rude and dismissive.
He interrupted me when I tried to ask him questions and he flat out told me my ruptured eardrum wouldn't heal then he just walked out.
I was really upset upon hearing the news, but a few days later, I went to a REAL doctor (ENT doctor, no less) who told me my eardrum would heal.
The doctor I saw here didn't know anything and he didn't even have proper bedside manners.
Don't waste your time here.
Trust me.
They need to have their license revoked.
They don't know how to practice medicine.

I took my mother here for a check up and the staff were very helpful and friendly.
Dr. Rober Gaimaro truly cared for my  mother and treated her very gently and gave her a thorough examination.
He knew that my mother also did not have any health insurance therefore he recommended some alternatives that are cheaper for her prescriptions and also told us where to go that were offering generic specials.
This is truely a place where the Dr. himself and staff cares for you and not just your money.
I love this place, my mother who had been through so many other clinic who had treated her badly will never go anywhere else  but here.
I recommend this place to anyone and also specially to the elderly people.

Arghhh screw this place.
Chiara F was definitely right about the fact that people should NOT come here!!!
I too waited more than two hours for a simple prescription.
I asked them if they took healthnet and they called to make sure.
They said that they took my healthcare provider and now I ended up with a bill for more than what the cost of the visit was.
Ugh, livid with this place.
Do NOT come here!

Today was the third time in 4 years I've been to Rapid Care and each time I've been very, very happy with the care I received.
The only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because of the average wait time, which is well over an hour, since it's primarily a walk-in clinic.
The staff are friendly and professional, and the doctor has always been kind, compassionate, respectful and very responsive to my specific needs.
Also, since we don't have health insurance and are on a cash-pay basis, he does everything in his power to reduce our costs to the extent possible.
For example, giving us medication samples he has on-hand, performing IV treatments in the office rather than referring us to another, more expensive provider and letting us know who carries prescriptions for less.
I trust Dr. Gaimaro completely and recommend him without hesitation.

