I understand a burger joint probably is likely not going to cater very well to a vegan, but the guys at work wanted to go.
I had a Boca burger which was quite plain.
Nothing special.
The waitress worked hard to make sure the food I got was vegan so that is why the rating is so high comparatively to the rest of the experience.
If you do eat meat you'll likely have a completely different impression of the place.

It's a Wednesday night and I didn't feel like cooking.
What's a hungry guy suppose to do?
You guessed it... Go out!
I check around to see who's available for some good cheap  eats.
A friend of mine gets back to me saying she received a free birthday burger email from Red Robin's.
Why not I say.
I don't mind being the buy one (thats me) get one free (thats her) person in this deal.
We get there around 7:30.
The place is huge.
Busy?
It was normal I guess for a Wednesday night.
Workers?
Tons.
"Table for two please" I tell the young male host.
"Just a moment" he replies.
He then goes around the half empty restaurant talking to the different servers.
He comes back and says "Please have a seat in the waiting area.
I will seat you when the next table is available.
"  I might of been a little tipsy from drinking before hand...
But seriously... "When the next table is available?
" I might not have the powers like Haley Joel Osment, from Sixth Sense, to see people in the empty tables, but what I can see is about 30 tables which I could be sitting at.
So we do what we can do...
Wait.
About 5 minutes later, we ask the host if we can sit in that empty table next to the nice people who seem to be enjoying their meal.
"I'll have to check with the server of that area" says the host.
About 8 minutes later...
The manager comes out and asks us if we have been helped...
Since we're the only people waiting for a table, I assume he's talking to us.
"Yes sir.
We're waiting for a table.
Apparently its standing room only in here tonight.
" I smirked.
"Come with me", he says.
We walk across the restaurant and he seats us in a booth.
Sweet.
We go to the only table in the restaurant where the lamp over the table is out.
"I dont mind the mood lighting...
But can we sit someplace where I can see my friends face?
" I requested.
I know...
I know...
I'm just asking for something to "happen" to my food but i'm pretty much past that point.
The nice waitress moves us over a few tables and everything seems to be at peace in the universe now.
We crack open the menu's and decided on two good looking burgers.
Our order goes in... And we wait.... And wait... And wait...
The family next to us, who appeared to be waiting for a long long time, finally tires of the wait and gets up to leave.
The manager quickly catches them and asks if he could do anything for them.
The father explains that they have been waiting for like 30 mins for their food and their kids are hungry and they are leaving to get food.
The manager offers to pick up their tab if they agree to sit and eat.
The family leaves.
Great...
I'm stoked.
Eventually... Our food comes out.
After a careful inspection, we eat.
We pay.
We leave.
Oh and my burger was alright.
I got the A1 Peppercorn burger.
The description says "Sizzling, hickory-smoked bacon, melted Pepper-Jack cheese, A.1.速 peppercorn spread, crispy onion straws, onions and tomatoes on an onion bun.
It's a taste explosion!
"  I was upset that I couldnt give this place ZERO stars but I guess the burger was good enough for me to give them one star.
I also thought it was cool that if you sign up on their website they send you a free burger coupon on your birthday.
FYI, I read somewhere that the Peppercorn burger is one of the unhealthiest ones you can order there.
Great.
It just keeps getting better!
To see the yummy burger, check out the pics!

My wife complained earlier this year that we never ate fried food so the 1st Friday of every month is FRIEDay.
So she chooses a friend food of her choice and we have that for dinner.
Its been KFC for the most part but she wanted to take a shot at fish and chips.
We were at the Crown and Anchor not too long so a coworker informed me that RR had the best fish and chips he had ever had so I thought what the heck.
I just picked it up to go but I was kinda surprised how packed the place was.
The menu is insanely unhealthy for the most part.
I hope families w/ kids don't come here too often.
The F&Cs were decent though..just about the same level as Crown and Anchor.
We also got some chicken fingers too which were just ok.
I can't imagine I would come here to eat again but I could see a lot of people enjoying this place.

Great burgers,appetizers and Drinks.
We eat here regularly.
The burgers are so big you can split one between 2 people & order an appetizer.
The tower of Onion Rings is the BEST.
Great service & fun atmosphere.
Lots of booths and a BAR.
Pleanty of Arcade games for the kids too.
At this point & time THE BEST BURGERS IN VEGAS.

IF  you read my last review you know I love this place.
I havent been to any of those high-end burger joints like Burger Bar,BLT Burger ,LBS or any of those, I am of meager means.
So I remembered I get a FREE Burger from Red Robin just by signing up for the Bday Club online, they email me a coupon for a FREE burger.
So I did it.
And you can do it under different names & email addresses for more FREE burgers as well.
http://apps.fishbowl.com/a/redrobin/eclub/agegate.aspx  I decided to order takeout since I also Had 2 coupons my son received from school for FREE shakes-we decided on Raspberry & Strawberry.Then I ordered the NEW Blackened Bayou Burger.
Blackened burger topped with roasted red peppers, Angry Onions,速 Pepper-Jack cheese, Creole mustard sauce and cabbage-carrot mix on a jalape単o-cornmeal Kaiser roll.
Add a splash of Tabasco速 for even more spice.
$9.59-Not today-FREE  As always the burger was delicious great burger,very spicy and left me wanting another.
The  steak fries were crispy and hot with just a tad too much salt just the way I like em.
The shakes were fantastic as well with fresh fruit used and super cold ice cream.
Raspberry was better than Strawberry.
I will eventually try the "other" burger places trying to imitate but as far as I am concerned the bar has been set pretty high here at Red Robin

Today is the last day this location will be opened.
We decided to pay a farewell visit to out favorite local burger spot because we will miss her sorely.
We ordered Sandwiches all around.
I had the 5-Alarm, the wife had NEW Prime Rib Dip on Ciabatta bread and the boy had the classic Red Robin Burger.
The Prime Rib was so good I will be driving to Galleria Mall or Ann/95 to get another one.
We collected a souvenir glass and shaker of Red Robin Seasoning.
Farewell.
You will be missed.
And good luck to all the empoyees who served us well eVery visit.

