If you're looking for a cheap, filling lunch, you don't have to travel far - these no-frills sandwich shops are all over town.
Best known for their beef and turkey, roasted right on the premises, they serve overstuffed sandwiches (a large will feed two easily) that put Subway to shame .
and would turn Jared into a mini-Blimpie.
They also feature Italian cold cuts, cheese steaks, meatball subs, and a few veggie varieties.
Five stars for a sandwich shop?
Yes, they're that good.

Should you find yourself on a vacation to Las vegas you must try Capriottis sandwich shop.
It is a locals staple.
They are located all over Vegas, and you must add it to your list of "to-do's" while there.

Subway?
Quiznos?
F* them!!!
Capriotti's is easily the BEST sandwich shop I have ever been too.
My favorite is definitely the Capstrami - a delish blend of thin cut lean pastrami, with cole slaw and russian dressing on a hoagie roll.
HOLY CRAP.
I have yet to try the turkey with stuffing and cranberry sauce (its called the BOBBIE), but I hear that its sooooooo good.
I'm sure that I will have to try it on a weekend when the triptophan won't put me to sleep during work hours.
Word of advice - the 9" sandwhich is their smallest, and for a girl like me (I love to eat) its more than I can eat.
The large is enough for two people.
The only thing that I don't like about this place is their hours.
They close at 5pm?!?!?!?
What?!?
No sammies in the evening?!
That's CRAP!

YUM YUM YUM YUM YUM!!!!!
I'm not even from Vegas and I heard about Capriotti's since it's famous amoung the locals.
Now I can see (and taste) why!
I loved LOVED my mushroom cheesesteak with grilled onions and peppers!
Soooo freakin' good!
I just wish they had one here in the Bay Area, specifically somewhere across the street from my job....
Damn I'm craving Capriotti's right now as I write this review!

Holy Shit.
Ive never had a sandwich this good!
Had the small (9") cold Italian sandwich.
As described on their site: "A flavorful combination of italian deli meats.
Made with Genoa Salami, Capacolla, Prosciutini".
Its served on a freshly-baked soft white roll (secret recipe) + all the fixins + provolone cheese.
The location is sketchy at best.
Down the street from the Sahara Casino in a small mini-mall area patronized by some of Las Vegas' finest walkin the streets folks.

This is Las Vegas's best local sub shop chain hands down.
In fact I will go as far as saying that they are like the In n Out Burger of Sub shops and that my friends is a judgement i only bestow on the very best.
They are all over the place but this location is special to me because I used to live nearby when I first moved to this city and I would visit them for subs around 4x a week.
Also they happen to have an old signed photo from Joe Biden hanging in the shop and its nice to know the Vice President loves Capriottis just as much as his constituents!
Everything served here is great and quite unique, go nuts and try something new and different you wont be disappointed.
Beware though the Large sized Sub is something like 24" and every time I take an out of towner there they instinctively order large like they always do anywhere else and to their surprise they get this monstrosity of a sub.
Go here often or be ridiculed by those who don't understand your lack of subsational cravings!

EUREKA!!!
I've found more Capriotti's that are open later hours!
F*'in AWESOME!!

great cheesesteaks, i love it with white american cheese,onions,mushrooms,large , looks like a baseball bat!!!
that suckers huge.
they are located in a strip mall across the street from circus circus.
best hogies, sausage sand, the bobbie sandwich is the bomb.
turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, thanksgiving dinner on a roll, these people are for real!!!
from delaware, jersey,philly.
the real mccoy of sandwiches.
if you are down in vegas hit them up.
love you guys.

#1 thing on the menu is The "BOBBY".
its like sex in your mouth.

Really?
5 stars from everyone?
I guess I knew people from Vegas didnt know what good food was, but whatever.
I got the Italian, and it was just alright.
Something I could have made at my own home if I had the will to buy all those different meats.
I was the only person in there and for some reason It still took them over 20 mins to make my sandwich.

Every time I stop into vegas (which is quite often) I have to have a Capastrami....it's that GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!!

Came back here again during my recent trip to Vegas and this time, I bought a 20 inch cheese steak to bring back home with me to the bay.
It was freakin' huge and full of meaty goodness.
I'm only 5 feet tall (60 inches) so the 20 inch sandwich is like a third of my height!!!!
The sandwich was the only reason I checked my bag in and paid $15 for it.
So worth it.

The reason I went to this place is because of its five star rating on yelp,  and I was definitely not disappointed.
I went for the medium chicken cheese steak and it was actually quite big.
The chicken was really tasty, the peppers, onions and mushrooms were perfect, and the cheese just made everything that much better.
The service was good, there was no line when I walked in for lunch, and I waited about 10 minutes for the sandwich to be prepared.
There is parking on site so its easy to get to and eat there.
I don't know how to express how good my sandwich is but I'd really like another one right now if that helps.

Everytime I make a trip out to Vegas from Los Angeles, I must stop by Capriotti's to get a Capastrami!
One of the best pastrami sandwiches I've had, a mix of pastrami, swiss cheese, cole slaw and russian dressing.
I also like the Bobbie, which is somewhat like thanksgiving in a sandwich!
Turkey, stuffing, mayo and cranberry sauce makes this sandwich unique.
These sandwiches are so good, on more than one occasion I've shown up in the middle of the afternoon, and they were out of bread!
I really wish they'd open one up in Los Angeles!

The vegetarian options are really impressive.
There is a fake turkey and a veggie cheese steak which is pretty exciting!
It's very tasty stuff but pretty salty too.

best sandwhiches in the whole south west US!
gotta have a Bobbie like once every couple months.
Bring back Capriottis to calfiornia damn it!

The good: Sandwiches are outstanding.
I go there a lot.
The bad: The hours: they close at 5.
And some of the stores aren't open on Sundays.
The bread: they don't make their own.
What's with that?
Virtually every other serious sandwich shop does.
It would be so easy to do and it would add immeasurably to the quality of the sandwiches.
I really don't understand this one.
The bread again: sometimes they run out of bread.
Hmmm...I wonder how they could solve this problem.
Oh, I know!
MAKE YOUR OWN BREAD!
I can't describe how frustrating it is to drive there at 4:30 and see a hand-written sign on the door "out of bread"....not to mention it's bad business.

OK so I knew I was going to be taking a a trip to Vegas so I decided to yelp some great places to eat and I found this sandwich shop, I had yelped places before and went to them not having such great experiences but I kept an open mind on my way to this shop.
I had known I was going to try the "Bobbie" due to all the great reviews it had gotten.
I'm such a sucker for Italian sandwiches though and the smell as I walked into this place smelled of Italian sub heaven!!
I resisted and told myself ....no Felicia stick with the "Bobbie" you have to try new things not the same ole same ole, I'm so stoked I did the "Bobbie" was Thanksgiving deliciousness in May and it was great!!
I've been on a diet eating so healthy and knew I was going to be taking in many many calories when I decided to bite into this stuffing goodness but it was sooooo worth it..........haha   The place was easy to find and it was very clean inside.
The guys working were nice and I enjoyed eating there.
I just wanted to keep eating and eating it smelled so good.
Next time ill try my Italian type sub or maybe the "Capastrami"??
We will see.

I love this place.
I tried it after reading all the posting on YELP!.
I was looking for a place I can eat at off the Vegas strip.
Their sandwiches are amazing.
If you are in the area, you should really check them out.
It was worth the 2 mile walk in the HOT sun!

This was possibly the best Italian sub that I have ever had.
We found this place using Yelp on the iPhone while we were in Vegas and were not disappointed.
I highly recommend that you grab a sandwich here if you are up on the north end of the Strip.

One of the few great things about Vegas is the fact that we have several Capriotti's in town.
This place is awesome!
My favorite sandwich is the Capastrami, (Hot Pastrami, Melted Swiss Cheese, Russian Dressing, and Cole Slaw).
I get it with the hot peppers for a boost of flavors.
Carriotti's is sandwich nirvana.

not to be missed in LV - especially if you're looking to save a couple of bucks on at least one meal.
phenomenal value (20 inch sub for about $13), and GREAT food.
since i clearly can't finish a 20 inch sub, i actually saved some of it to eat the next day and it was still good!
got the philly, sister got the hot pastrami - both were tasty but i'm partial to the philly.
note - it is a little bit far away from the strip so you'll need a car to get here.
worth it though!

We are never disappointed when we come here.
We just shared the Capastrami...amazing!!!
I'm working up the nerve to order the Bobby, I've heArd it's amazing, I'm just not a huge fan of cranberry.
Capriotti's is a MUST when we visit Vegas.

this place has been voted by lv review journal readers as the best sandwich year after year.
i've eaten at nearly every location in las vegas and would say without a doubt they are the best.
My wife loves this place so much one time she bit into a hair-tie in the middle of a sandwich-spit it out and kept on chowing down.
The Capistrami & Bobbie are my favorites.
The capistrami is hot pastrami with their special cole slaw & russian dressing on a fresh roll 12 or 20 inch .
The bobbie is a thanksgiving delight.
everything on a roll.
turkey,stuffing and cranberry sauce with or without mayo!!
the service is always fast & friendly.
the atmosphere is that of a small-town deli/sandwich shoppe and the food is always consistent & great.
a little more $$ than others but always worth it

I don't think i can go to Vegas again and be satisfied without stopping by this great sandwhich shop (and Sonics) .
I'd never used to go somewhere just for their pastrami- i was never a huge fan of the Hat, Top etc, even though it's good.
but now good is not enough, since i know out there, there's a whole better sandwhich.
The thanksgiving dinner in a bun (their turkey sandwhich) is awesome as well.
too bad there aren't any in California.
- drives me crazy!
Just like how there's only ONE Sonic's within an hour and a half drive and they bombard us with those commercials.

I stopped into Capriotti's yesterday after reading dozens of enthusiastic reviews.
I decided to get a 9" Bobbie with hot mustard and a 9" meatball with American cheese and fried onions to go.
Ten minutes later, I was back out on the street with two handsomely wrapped sandwiches and an orange crush.
Needless to say, they did not disappoint!
I personally preferred the Bobbie over the meatball--the turkey is extraordinarily well-prepared.
The meatball was a contender, but I like a bit more garlic and zest in the sauce.
Nonetheless, I'll order it again, especially considering its convenient location off the Strip.
On a happy side note, Capriotti's stocks Herr's ketchup chips by the bag!

Oh... My... GAWD!
The Bobbie is AH-MAZING.
Yeah- that's valley girl speak for fuckin' awesome.
Fresh roasted turkey, mixed with a generous helping of mayo, topped with cranberry sauce and homemade stuffing on a deliciously soft french roll?!??!?
Are you freakin' kiddin' me?
The house made roast beef was pretty good too... a tad dry for my taste, but quite flavorful.
The wise chips are legit.

4.5 for me.
the bobbie and capastrami are freakin awesome!
my friend and i split two 12 inchers, no pun intended, and we decided on those sammiches, mmmmmmmmmmmm!!!
i tried the capastrami second, but i'm saving the best for last: this was delish!
serious party in my mouth.
the hot pastrami, swiss cheese, cole slaw and russian dressing, omgosh!
really great flavors, your taste buds won't hate you for this one.
i just wish that maybe they toasted their bread a bit?!
i dunno, i like it the way it is, but i think a hot bun would make it even better.
now onto the bobbie: hot damn!
whoever thought of putting thanksgiving  dinner in a sammich?!?!
so delish!
who gives a fcuk if you're on a diet or one of those low carb shits, this sammich will make you change your mind about going low card ever again.
warning: it is vegas, you might end up putting all this in the toilet, the way it came in.
at least it's got the cranberry so it has pretty colors for you to stare at and regret how much you've had to drink!!

The service here was great and the workers were very friendly and helpful.
I split the medium Bobbie and medium capastrami with my friend, Pamela S. whose review is right below.
They were very yummy and satisfying, needless to say it was a lot of food and I practically had a footlong leftover.
The leftovers were great when I needed a drunken snack.

Duuuude this place rocked my sandwich world!
I ordered the capastrami - hot pastrami, coleslaw, melted swiss cheese, russian dressing.
The hubby got the bobbie - homemade turkey, cranberry, stuffing and mayo.
My capastrami was so tasty...who knew that coleslaw in your sandwich made everything that much better?
The bobbie really did remind me of thanksgiving dinner...good and very comforting.
The bread also deserves to be mentioned...soft...mmmmm.
I went to the location in Red Rock Casino and after a day of swimming in the pool this dinner gave me strength for the long night ahead.
fyi...so many awards - they are zagat rated, best in LV 2008, best inexpensive meal by Frommers etc.

Capistrami and the Bobbie....quite possibly the best sandwhiches I have had in my life....outside of Little Saigon of course   no need to say more

NOMNOMNOM!!!!
WOW what a great sandwich!
Loved the turkey with cranberry sauce.
yummy!
These places are a chain and they are all over town, but the food and concept are holding up.
The sandwiches are big and there are a few chairs sometimes in these places.
Not fancy at all but really really good!

One of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my entire life and depending on the size it can be HUGE...
I ordered a regular cheese and chicken sandwich but a friend ordered the huge massive long sandwiches and take my word, it  really is HUGE....

This place is excellent!
I ordered the 9" Bobbie.
It was amazing.....like Thanksgiving in a sandwich.
The sandwich came wrapped in butcher paper and it was huge.
It is about $6.50 but I literally got 2 meals out of it.
The wait was kind of long but that was only because so many people were there.....always a good sign.
It is definitely worth the wait!
I walked from the LV Hilton which did take a while and the walk is kind of boring since it is a couple of blocks off the strip but it was a beautiful day out, so why not?
This place is fantastic!

Amazing food!!
I dream about their turkey subs with sweet peppers!
The remodel looks amazing as well!
Great Job!!!

Best Deli in Vegas.
The Veggie Turkey is outstanding.
They have made the veggie turkey out of soy and created a masterpiece of a sub.
Their most popular and best tasting sandwich is The Bobbie.
This is "Thanksgiving in a bun" as many others have stated.
Reminds me of eating at home the day after Thanksgiving.
You will have to wait a bit longer than typical for the average deli.
Not only do they have a lot of customers during lunch but it takes the workers an extended amount of time to make one sandwich.
The combination of the two means that you will probably wait about 10 minutes for your sub.
Is it worth the wait?
Absolutely!
The small sandwich is 8", the medium is 12" and the large is 20".

Got to this dimly-lit shop at 6:30 PM on a Wednesday evening and was welcomed by three friendly staff.
It was a disappointment that it took over 30 minutes to make our sandwiches even though there was no one waiting in front of us?!
Perhaps our vegetarian sandwiches tripped them up.
We had to change our "vegetarian turkey sandwich" to "vegetarian cheeseburger" 15 minutes into the order when they discovered that they ran out of the former.
I don't think I want to try this place again.

SO DELICIOUS!
The Capistrami sandwich was excellent.
The Russian dressing was a delicious compliment to the sandwich, and the pastrami was super tasty (drool).
Our friend ordered the Bobbie (a "Thanksgiving" sandwich with turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing) which we each took a bite of - it tastes like Thanksgiving in one bite.
This will definitely be a place we frequent when we're in Vegas!

Awesome sandwiches!
I got the 6 inch turkey and had a hard time finishing it because it was so packed full of meat.
Definitely worth dropping by this place for lunch.

Sitting here back at my desk in LA, makes me a bit sad with no easy access to Capriottis.
We were searching thru yelp to where to go for lunch, and this came up.
A Vegas resident said this place was the shit... and hey it was right by the hotel so why not!
After my visit to Capriottis, all I can say is that I want more!
Very yum to the Capistrami, like usual, I got a bit greedy and got the medium.
I was full after the first half but didn't want it to go to waste cause it tasted so good!
It was a perfect blend of warm pastrami and the cold Cole slaw inside of a fresh tasting roll.
My friend got the Bobbie, said it was good but she'd def like it more if they warmed up the sandwich.
This place is definitely one to add to my go to list while in Vegas :P

Look I won't be long winded, because with a good take out joint you don't have to be.
Forget about service, atmosphere, decor and all of the other crap that consumes us when we go to have a meal out on the town.
This place is just good, no great!
Get the Bobbie now!
The large will feed you for two meals.
The prices are sens able and the quantities are large.
Call ahead, go pick it up and prepare to pig out.
You can't not like this place, and if you do I will meet you in the parking lot to fight for it's honor.

This Capriotti's (on Sahara, near the strip) has been remodeled and now has longer hours, including being open on Sunday.
Finally!
Maybe they read my previous review.
Wait a minute....scratch that....they still don't make their own bread.
So they are still an angel's breath away from perfection.

Capriotti's served up a fair sandwich (philly cheese steak w/ everything...) I'd give them 4 stars - but things were a little disorganized and slow.
Price is ok.
I plan on going back and seeing if the slow service wasn't just a fluke.
Overall a decent sandwich shop.

Cute lil joint.
The lady who takes your order is loud but nice.
Sodas are a bit pricey at $2.50 a can, but for 50cents more you can buy a beer!
Ordered the egg salad, loud lady said it was a good choice, asked if I could add avacado on it and she said NO!
Rude!
After that the service was pretty non-existant and I wasn't the only patrom who noticed.
They need to hire a little more help for the lunch rush!
Next time I'll take my order to go.

Small, medium, and large are definitely American-sized portions (9", 12", and 20", respectively).
I had a small over the course of two meals.
The large looked intimidating as the guys behind the counter were wrapping one up for a delivery order.
We visited Capriotti's twice during our four-day stint in Vegas and tried the grilled Italian, Philly cheese steak, and the Bobbie.
I'm a big fan of both hot sandwiches and melted cheese, so the Philly cheese steak was my favorite out of the three.
It's also one of the better Philly cheese steaks I've had.
Each sandwich was between $6-8 (small and medium sizes).
This was a welcome respite from shelling out two to three times more per person for a meal in this town.
And the sandwiches were delicious and satisfying!
Even the Bobbie, a cold sub, was a delight to munch on since it's basically a lot of Thanksgiving crammed between two halves of a baguette.
The verdict: If you want to give your wallet a break, but your taste buds crave more, head over to the closest Capriotti's and pig out for under $10.

We were hungry and lazy to leave the office.
It was a Thursday, the longest day of the week, and we wanted good food--fast.
A coworker of mine suggested a sandwich place literally around the corner from Industrial Road called Capriotti's.
Apparently the food there is divine and I had to try it.
Falling for another suggestion of great food, and seeing on the internet it was also listed as The Best of Las Vegas a couple years in a row (like all the other restaurants here), I gave it a chance.
My supervisor suggested "The Bobbie", a trademarked sammie from this shop.
I took the suggestion, and about fifteen minutes later the cold sub came to my desk.
It was nicely wrapped in traditional butcher paper, and a fast handwritten "Bobbie No Mayo" skewed the front.
I ripped the tape, unrolled the culinary package and saw a great sandwich.
Nay--a beauty.
I am a person in love with Thanksgiving all year round, and this sandwich combined a Thanksgiving dinner in a roll.
A large roll to be exact.
The turkey was shredded and a great portion was given for meat.
I could see the purplish-red cranberry sauce with whole cranberries along the entire thing, and a great topping--stuffing--crammed on top.
The first bite was heavenly, a beautiful flip of my hungry tastebuds and mind.
I must say that this sandwich is--without exxargerating--a beautiful symphony of comfort food with the addition of bread to hold it all.
The stuffing was fantastic, although clearly boxed, nicely done.
The turkey, although somewhat dry in some parts, was juiced up by a great hint of cranberry sauce inbetween.
The twelve inches did not survive, and I almost fell asleep an hour later.
Most sandwiches require a side dish of chips or potato salad of some sort, yet this particular sammy from Capriotti's needed nothing but itself.
That evening, I had to share the discovery with my spouse, who happily agreed after a twelve inch that this place is worth waiting in line for.
The best part of the shop itself is that they sell Tastykakes--a beautiful junk dessert creation that I adore.
If you love great sandwiches, try Capriotti's in Vegas or anywhere in the U.S. for that matter.
Since they have the honor of being first on my critique, and because their taste in sandwiches literally rocked my world to a whole new level, I give them the fantastic, personal rating:  5/5!

[this is re-post--another review lost to the Yelp algorithm, I suppose]  On the recommendation of Yelper Michelle T, I trekked from my South Las Vegas Blvd.
hotel to get a sub at Capriotti's.
Imagine my surprise when I learned that the chain originated close to my hometown, just minutes from where my father worked for years!
I took Michelle's recommendations, got a Bobbie and a Capistrami and met my SO for lunch at the location of his conference.
Both sandwiches were great (though nothing will ever surpass the pastrami at Langer's in LA).
The Bobbie was especially fun and different, with all the elements of a good Thanksgiving meal in portable sandwich form.
I might have to check out the original back in Delaware next time I visit family.
Alas, we have no Capriotti's in Colorado, so I have to travel for that sandwich goodness.

If you want a great sandwich this is the place!
For first timers I would recommend staying away from the turkey sandwich's because a lot of people seem to think they are "dry".
If I ever hear complaints about this place its because its not standard as far as sandwich shops go.
What I mean by this is that they don't serve your standard BLT/Turkey club like a subway or a port of sub.
If your craving taste like that its best to get what hits the spot.
On the other hand if you want a new taste that will blow your mind then stop by Cap's.
As a constant return customer my only complaint is that they don't stay open long enough.
Most locations seem to close at 7pm and they have no 24hr locations which is a bummer.
I have recently discovered that the locations inside of casinos are open till 11pm which is awesome!
My all time favorite sandwich here is the Capastrami.
If the kinda sandwich that makes me smile every time I bite into it :) I also constantly enjoy the cheese steak and grilled Italian.
I would recommend this sandwich shop to anyone who love sandwich's.
I usually leave paying between $10-18 depending on what location I visit.
Some locations do not offer the monster 22in sandwich's so I have to get a medium which is less.

I was never a huge fan of pastrami, but my friend heard good things about the Capastrami at Capriotti's so we gave it a try.
The cole slaw paired with hot pastrami is definitely what makes it different- in a good way, of course.
I love this sandwich, and I've had it each time I've gone back to Vegas since I first had it.
I've also tried the Bobbie, which is also tasty, but gets boring after a few bites.

After a 5 mile hike at Red Rock Canyon, my friends and I were starving.
After mulling over a few choices for lunch--we ultimately decided that we didn't want anything that would wreck out appetites for our dinner at the Wynn that night.
Thankfully, our friend recommended Capriotti's.
To be honest--I was definitely looking for some fries and ketchup--but I was open to a lunch that wouldn't undo all the calories I had burned on our 3.5 hour hike.
Now--I'm not sure if I really did that--because my boyfriend and I ended up splitting The Bobbie.
The Bobbie seemed to be THE sandwich--the money maker--and I didn't have much energy to give my lunch that much thought.
And thank goodness we ended up with this sub of pure goodness.
It's absolutely delicious!
Seriously--It's fantastic!
Pulled turkey stuffed topped with stuffing and cranberry sauce--shoved into a huge mess in an awesome sub.
Money, I tell you!
I couldn't be happier--it was simply a Thanksgiving implosion in my mouth.
What a combination!
Capriotti's is my favorite sandwich spot hands down--and I can't tell you how excited I am to know there's one in LA.
The Bobbie will definitely make it's way back into my belly again.

This sandwich shop deserves a 5!
Didn't know about this place until a friend of mine brought back some sandwiches to our hotel.
Drunk and hungry...I decided to take half of the Bobbie sub.
WOW.....it was Thanksgiving in my mouth!
So delicious!
Homemade turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing all blended in so well.
I had the Capistrami sandwich which was also delicious!
Capriotti's is a must when we head out to Vegas.
Highly recomended!
Blow your mind by having the Bobbie or Capistrami before you try other sandwiches.
You wont be dissapointed.

I like good food.
But if the food is so good I still remember it, then it earns its five stars.
So what do newlyweds do when they're on a road trip from the San Francisco area to the Grand Canyon, North Rim, and they're hungry?
Well, you can hit a buffet on Fremont Street or the Strip.
(We did that on the return trip.
)  Or you can go to Capriotti's.
Okay, Las Vegas has other choices too.
But Capriotti's worked great for us.
Sandwiches are hard on my hunny.
She has Crohn's Disease, so her intestines cannot process most of the things that make sandwiches taste great.
She explained that to them, and they were very accommodating to her.
We ended up getting a large sandwich, half for me and half for her, and they didn't give us grief about it.
We didn't eat there;  we took it with us as we drove to Arizona, and it lasted us for two meals.
I'm a big eater, so that's saying a lot.
And guess what?
After that buffet on the return trip, we stopped by here again on the way back to California for another big sandwich.
Locals and transplants probably already know about this place, so for all you weekenders that clog I-15 on Friday nights and Sunday afternoons - you know who you are - you MUST eat here.
It's easy to miss, it's hidden away in a shopping center between I-15 and the strip.
But you'll certainly get more for your money than at the casinos.
Hey, it may end up being the most memorable part of your trip to Las Vegas.

This place is on-poooooooooint.
Our first stop in Vegas before the Gold & Silver, was for food.
Even at 10:30 a.m., Cap-o's was husslin' and busslin'.
I had never been before, so it felt good to know that they had enough business to employ like 14 cooks at such an early hour.
They do a huge catering/to go business, but they also have a dine in area.
The restaurant is clean and comfortable.
This was the perfect start to our Vegas vacation.
The Capastrami is dope: Hot pastrami, Swiss cheese, Russian dressing and cold slaw.
Christina had the homemade turkey sandwich, I had a bite - delicious.
You can't go wrong with this place.
Out - Sixton

The Capistrami sandwich here is absolutely delicious and worthy of a 5 star review.
Pastrami, coleslaw, Russian dressing, provolone cheese, and you can request grilled peppers to add a little kick.
For you LA folk, think the Oinkster pastrami multiplied times 10.
Great little spot and worthy of multiple repeat performances.
Thanks for the recommendation Dean and Sherri!

By far, the best sandwiches I've ever had.
I find myself craving these sandwiches about once a week, but I don't live in Vegas so I plan Vegas trips just to go and eat here.
just kidding.
One word.... "Capristrami"   Go get one!

Ohhh, I hate to be the anomaly but here we go:  I was really looking forward to this sandwich.
I ordered the Bobbie because it sounded interesting and it's not like I can get this type of sandwich at Subway, right?
Be warned (or elated), the sandwiches are HUGE.
The Bobbie is a 'Thanksgiving Anytime' type of sandwich.
It's pulled turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and mayo.
I don't know if it was just an off day or what, but my turkey was so DRY.
I also didn't really care for the flavor of the sandwich.
The bread was good though.
My bf ordered the meatball sub which he said was just average.
This place got crazy packed at lunch while we were there.
All locals too.
Always a good sign.
A memorable side note- two high school kids sat next to us with their large Capastrami (to split).
I was floored at the size of the sandwich and asked them if that was the large (20").
They said that they always get a large to split because it's cheaper and they get more food.
They told me to order it next time: a Capastrami with chicken cheesesteak instead of pastrami.
It looked fantastic.
I haven't given up on this place.
I plan on trying those kids' custom Capastrami next time.

And the Bobbie was created.
And God saw that it was good.
And God blessed the Bobbie.
For those of us too isolated from family, too tired to attempt a full turkey, and too poor to afford all that meat, a higher power reached down from the heavens and created Capriottis' "the Bobbie".
The Bobbie is a massive sub composed of freshly carved turkey, stuffing, mayo, and cranberry sauce.
Those in a spiritual crisis might just find the answer to all questions of religion and higher beings in the simple fact that the Bobbie exists.
To paraphrase Ben Franklin, "[the Bobbie] is proof that God loves us".
Since discovering the restaurant last month, I've had three.

A friend told me to come here and try there sandwiches.
Went there to give it a taste test to see what the rave was about.
Didn't know there were a chain of this store in Vegas until we got there.
I asked the guy what's the best sandwich there and he suggested the Bobbie.
At first I was reluctant to order that over the Capristami but ended up with the Bobbie since he suggested it.
Who knew that thanksgiving left overs would taste so good in a roll the next day?
The Bobbie is filled with turkey, mayo, stuffing, and cranberry sauce.
It's a cold sandwich and it tasted really delightful.
I really enjoye this sandwich so we came back the next day before leaving to get a sandwich for the road.
We got the cheesesteak with mushroom.
It was slighty spicy because of the chillis but it was really good as well.
Tried two sandwiches from this place and enjoyed both.
Will be back to try the capristrami.

Best sandwiches EVER to enter my stomach!
'the bobbie' and 'capistrami' are the two best things I had.
So damn good.
The Bobbie is like thanksgiving between bread and the capistrami is so flavorful and delicious.
A 20in sandwich only runs you $12 which is a super generous price.
A 20in in both the Bobbie and capistrami would be good enough for breakfast lunch and dinner.
I wish they would stay open later but it's okay.
They definitely need one in San Diego!

This is the best sub shop's (in Las Vegas, from back east) now-chain, but this is where it all started.
When I first heard about this Bobbie sandwich- turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, and mayo on a sub roll- I couldn't really imagine it tasting good, but my co-worker assured me that it was delicious.
Ok, I took a chance and it was so good!
I was hooked.
It's like Thanksgiving in a sandwich.
(This is funny because they say that imitation is the best form of flattery.
We now make sandwiches like the Bobbie, with our Thanksgiving leftovers.
)  Through the years, I've tried the cheese steak (yum), the grilled italian (hot sub- one of my husband's favorites), the cran slam club (least favorite) and the capastrami (pastrami, swiss cheese, russian dressing, & cole slaw- trust me- ok, a warning here, it's messy)- now my absolute favorite sub sandwich here.
The counter is super high (for me anyway) so you can't really see, but once, when my sandwich was being prepared, I noticed that the turkey was weighed on a scale.
The bread is really good, the meat is really good too, and the rest of the ingredients are high-quality.
The sandwiches are broken down to the following categories: cap's specials, sandwiches, vegetarian, cold subs, & hot subs.
Some of the chips selections are from back east (wise).
Also, the sizes are: Small- 9", Medium- 12", & Large- 20".
Prices range from $6.50 - $12.50 for most of the subs (Do not even compare this place to Subway's $5 footlong- it's in a totally different class of its own).
I usually eat half, save half.
Tip: If you get the large one, you can have three meals.
The nice change (recently) about this restaurant are the weekend hours: Sat- 10-8, Sun-11-7.
Also, there are so many locations due to the popularity that chances are there's one in your neighborhood, if you're local.
If you're not, this is one of the places you need to try, when you're in town.

This place served me one of the best sandwiches I have had in my entire life, and that is not an exaggeration.
Everything about it was great.
The ingredients were top notch and the taste was sooooo good!
My mom and I ordered the Capastrami sandwich, which was delicious, but my dad had the Italian and my brother had the Cheese Steak and they loved those as well.
I highly recommend coming here if you are in Vegas!
This particular location is a short drive down the strip, and there is a free parking lot.
I can't wait to visit one of their Los Angeles locations (that's where I live).

Sometimes Im not feeling the whole faux meat thing... my standard order is the veggie cheese-steak (sans the fake meat).
Its a delicious juicy hot sub with all the peppers (sweet and hot, mushrooms, cheese, and lettuce/tomato.
Yum!

Um... best sandwich ever?
Capriotti's in Vegas is located on Sahara Ave.
I never would've thought about coming here unless I stayed near this part of the strip.
What to get here?
I loved the Capastrami, which is pastrami, coleslaw, and Russian dressing.
Amazing Russian dressing, one of the best ever.
I tried a bit of my friend's Homemade Turkey with crushed pepper.
That crushed pepper totally made the sandwich and I actually requested some on the side for my own sandwich.
Add that crushed pepper to any sandwich, and it'll bring it to a whole different level.
Addicting!
Roast beef is incredibly flavorful.
We went back the next day and I got the Cheesesteak.
It's legit as well with thin sliced beef and great provolone.
As for hot peppers and request the crush peppers on the side to add on.
Guarantee the last bite is as good as the first.
I'm so obsessed with this place, I made up my mind to visit the location back in LA cause it's just so damn good!

Came back and tried the beef steak sandwich and chicken steak sandwich which were also delicious.
Best of all they have a really good red velvet bundt cake.
You would think that bundt cakes are usually dry, but this was the best I've ever had.
It was perfectly moist and the flavor of red velvet was just the right sweetness with a few pieces of hidden chocolate chips on the inside that melts in your mouth goodness.
Such a sin to eat the whole cake yourself but it's worth it.

Take a break from the strip and get over here for lunch!
Order the capastrami, it the Bobbie and enjoy some good eats.
The Capastrami is lovely with it's warm pastrami, delicious Russian dressing, and crunchy cole slaw.
The Bobbie is like thanksgiving in a sandwich and its awesome.
I love the inclusion of stuffing because that's always my favorite part of Thanksgiving.
The sandwiches run big with a medium being both my lunch and dinner.
This place is on point.

Pretty good sandwiches.
Large sandwiches.
Would say earl of sandwiches is better.
Cheese steak tastes similar to philly.
Capastrami is good

This is our one must stop food place in Vegas every time we come out.
We always get the Capastrami sandwich, which is by far, the most delicious pastrami sandwich you'll have!
My other favorite, which actually I may like more than the pastrami even, is the Bobbie.
It's like Thanksgiving Heaven in a sandwich!!
The sandwiches are made to order, and always fresh and tasty.
The prices are pretty good too.
I'd like to try other stuff on the menu, but we can never seem to not order the Capastrami and the Bobbie!

It deeply disturbs me that Subway has become the go-to sub shop around the states.
Apparently when the oil shortage started there was also a cold cuts bandit that held Subway hostage and now you're only allowed 3 slices of meat on your mediocre roll and if you'd like the blandness toasted, they can do that now too, oh joy.
I would vote for Capriotti's to take over all Subways but I'd most likely gain 20 pounds from eating a sub everyday for the rest of my life.
A foot long a day would make any girl happy.
Capriotti's prides itself on freshness, slow cooking and hand pulling their turkey and roast beef at the shop.
The three sammys I suggest and love are the grilled italian, the cheese steak, and the signature bobbie.
The first 2 are pretty self explanatory, loaded with tons of meat, cheese and veggies and beyond scrumptious.
The bobbie however is specific to them and is made of  homemade turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing and mayo.
Your first bobbie will have your taste buds dancing and when you stare that sub down like Joey on Friends you'll never be the same.
Every Subway you pass from that moment on will look like the talentless redheaded stepchild of the sub world.
Just in case you still don't believe me, check out the awards for these hand held wonders:  http://www.capriottis.com/awards.html  Ya.
They.
Rock.

I wanted Italian and this shop came up on my search.
After reading reviews I wanted a sandwich so... We were right next to it wasting $$ at the souvenir shop.
Walked in about noon on a Wednesday not too busy.
Ordered the Philly and the Capastrami.
Waited about 20 minutes and food came out.
WTHeck...They only made the Philly I wasn't charged for the Capastrami but they quickly acknowledged the mis-communication and made it w/out charge.
Both sandwiches were warm.
I enjoyed the Capastrami but I haven't been able to get into the east coast add coleslaw to sandwiches thing.
I love a good coleslaw Capriottis was good.
I would definitely have this again with coleslaw on the side.
Very good pastrami.
The Philly, I thought, was really good.
Bread was nice, cheese was melted into meat and it was warm and quite tasty.
We could only eat half and saved the other for the ride back to AZ.

Love Capriotti's!!!
Everytime we go to Vegas, we have to come here!
All of the hot sandwiches are delicious, but my favorite is the Capastrami, soooo good.
Make sure to get a side the pickled sweet peppers too, they're delicious.
This last time we went we also got the cinnamon mini bunt cake.
I wasn't expecting it to be anything special but it was soooo good.
It tasted like a cinnabon but wonderfully fluffy and light like cake, and it melted in your mouth!
We also tried the chocolate one which really wasn't anything special.
Captriotti's is definitely a must stop if you're going to be in Vegas!

Great portions and excellent food when you have lots of driving to do.
no issue with parking.

Unbelievable sandwiches!
Tried their world famous Bobbie & Capistrami subs and both were outstanding!
Heard a rumor that they're opening a location in San Diego in the very near future... Give this place a try if you're not yet familiar with the Capriotti sandwich shops, they're the BEST!

The Bobbie.
'nuff said.
(Although they SHOULD turn down the a/c for folks eating there...)

Call me crazy but i think capriottis(las Vegas) has better Philly cheesteaks than most places in Philly!!
Their capastrami and philly subs are mouth watering!
They will not let you down.its slightly on the pricier side for subs, but the taste will make up for it..

Passing through Vegas, and a friend recommended Capriotti's for the Bobbie sandwich.
The one with turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, etc.
That is one very serious sandwich, and while it is indeed a dazzling eat, the cheesesteak sandwich was even better in my opinion.
So much to like here.
http://oinkety.com/?p=2448

The best cheesesteaks I've had to date.
Steak is lean, juicy and peppery.
Roll is perfect - nice crust with soft center.
Highly recommend.

The soft drink cup says "Voted best sandwich in America.
" While eating the absolutely amazing home cooked turkey sandwich with every bite I took, I pondered about that statement.
It probably is true.

After taking a few days of vacation in this area,  I yelped around for good food, this place popped up.
After the all the hype reviews of the Capastrami sandwich,  I had to try it.
I ordered a medium sized sandwich which is 12" which came out $9.35 tax included .
The sandwich comes with a generous amount of pastrami with coleslaw and some type of dressing.
First couple bites,  I was like wow, this shit is great!!
Now everytime I visit Vegas I will be hitting this place for sure and call ahead,  because sandwich is made to order!

What I got: 12" Cheesesteak with extra peppers  Pros: the sandwich was great.
The mixture of cheese, peppers and steak worked well together.
Cons: the beef steak was a tad bit dry.
The cheese made up for the lack of moisture.

My favorite lunch!

Move over Subway, Togo's..etc.
There's a new boy in town!
CAPRIOTTI'S!!
This is THEE go to sub place for everyone!
It has your colds, hots, and vegs.
The Bobby is hands down the BEST sandwich!
Give me a minute (as my eyes roll back) it's filling, thick, oozes with stuffing and turkey.
I've tried their other sandwiches, but this one is the best.
For under $13 you can get a 20" sandwich, I mean seriously, what more can you ask for?

CAPASTRAMI!
DO IT, DO IT!
this sandwich was all i hoped for after reading the rave reviews from the yelpers.
Tasty loads of pastrami nestled in a perfect bun by itself would be just fine for me.
BUT, they through a heaping helping of coleslaw on top and it becomes decadence in your hand.
I loved it.
Unfortunately my wife got the cole turkey and hated it.
I tasted it and it just tasted like tuna salad to me, not my fav.
CAPASTRAMI is the way to go for sure, i'll be back next time i roll through Vegas for sure.
PS..I do hate when restaurants don't have fountain drinks, it's cheap and lame.

This place has awesome sandwiches!
I have tried the Capastrami, the Bobbie, the Slaw BeJo and the Cole Turkey.
My favorite so far is the CAPASTRAMI which is what I recommend you try first.
They're always friendly and greet everyone when they walk in and you can even get $3 off your order when you complete the online survey, which only takes a few minutes.
Overall...this place rocks and I'm goin to get some more Capastami soon!

Best sub shop in Vegas, hands down.
Not up!
DOWN!
The Bobby sub is Thanksgiving in your mouth, but without the family drama.
It really doesn't get better than that sub.
I wish I stayed longer to enjoy more sandwiches.
I visited the shop three times while in Vegas and ordered the twenty-inch Bobby three times.
I asked them to cut it in thirds which was no trouble at all for them.
Breakfast, lunch, and dinner all in one stop.
I will always visit them again.
They do take orders online or over the phone.

Enourmous hot and cold sub sammies with a few original creations.
Subway and blimpie beware, the Capriottis chain puts you to shame.
Their signature sub, the Bobbie is basically Thanksgiving on a hero, freshly in house roasted slabs of carved turkey slathered with homemade stuffing, jellied cranberry sauce and mayo.
Both a mess of a dish and one of lifes great guilty pleasures.
The Capistrami is loaded with lean hot pastrami, sweet coleslaw, melted cheese and slathered in a robust 1,000 dressing and nicknamed the "shirt killer" as this monstrous hero has ruined many shirts, I'm sure.
A lesser known hero and my personal favorite is thr hot italian, a plethora of salamis, hams and other pork products grilled hot the regrilled on the roll, with melted swiss or provolone and roasted sweet and hot peppers.
The high grade ham crisps up on the edges and the heat of the meats releases just the right amount of greasy juices that mingle with the sweet and spicty tang of the roasted peppers and the bite of pepper and seasoning in one of te cured salamis makes a heavenly combination.... Alas, there are no Capriotti's near me anymore, though in reality that alone will probably save a year or two of my life.
Definitely not for the calorically challenged people out there.

Mmmm, this sandwich place was the business, especially post-hangover, and my last meal before hitting the road.
I got their roast beef sandwich with all the fixings, and I must say that usually I'm not a coleslaw fan but it definitely was super good in this sandwich.
Service was also super polite and the lady at the counter was polite enough to give us some suggestions since it was our first time there.
Too bad they don't have any locations in N.Cal, I'll have to wait again to have another of these tasty concoctions!

OMg.
The Capastrami.
Just typing it makes my mouth water.
The Capastrami IS SO GOOD!
My friends were TOTALLY RAVING about it, and usually when my friends overhype things it will ruin the experience for me.
But no.
This is ONE OF THE FEW times that I could not even begin to understand how awesome it would be.
Coleslaw in a pastrami sandwich??
I know, I know, it sounds strange.
But it truly is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.
The coleslaw is most delicious sandwich surprise EVER.
I don't know what else to say, except that I really think that everyone should try it.
It's THAT good.

The Capastrami was amazing.
Probably the best submarine I had ever eaten in my life.
Seriously.
I came back the next day & got the Boobie.
Not impressed with that one.
Too much dry stuffing.
They should use mashed potatoes & gravy instead of stuffing.
Lil side story.
The chick taking the order starts flirting from the second I walk in.
She tells me shes getting off in 5min & she'll b at the bar next door.
I tell her I got a show to go to but got her #.
She wanted to "hang", but had to find a baby sitter.
She was way older than me & looked like an alchy.
Lol "They're all whores"!

Capriotti's is a very good sandwich place.
It is located just off the strip, one block west on Sahara.
They have very good sandwiches for a decent price.
My friends and I decided to pick several sandwiches up and eat in the room since we wanted ample time to get ready for a big night clubbing.
I even bought an extra one for a post drinking meal.
I ordered:  Capastrami: A pastrami sandiwch served with cole slaw, swiss cheese, and Russian dressing.
It was very good.
The pastrami was lean and not too salty.
It was very good.
The Bobbie: A turkey sandwich served with cranberry sauce and stuffing.
It was delicious.
The sandwiches here are great!
It's a good place for a quick cheap meal in Las Vegas.
You can easy take it back to your room.
They serve comparable sandwiches to Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood.

My friends told me about a sandwich called "The Bobbie".
I got to Capriotti's and ordered one.
First bite, fresh chewy roll, some mayo, little turkey.
Seconde bite, all the above and now I'm getting the cranberry sauce and stuffing.
It's a Thanksgiving explosion in your mouth!
Get it~!

After walking around in the Premium Outlet in the morning, my family and I decided to eat something for lunch.
Sick and tired of all the buffets, we decided to eat something different.
Since we are staying in Springhill Suite close to convention center, we found this place which has a very high rating.
My wife ordered the capastrami, and I order the Be Jo and Bobbie.
Be Jo I think is okay.
the roast beef was a bit dry when you eat it.
My wife love the capastrami.
she think the combination of the pasrami along with cole slaw and dressing is just great.
She is not a great fan of turkey stuffing and cranberry, so she is not too found of the Bobbie.
On the other hand, I do enjoy that sweet taste in Bobbie.
I have to say this is a true original concept.
haven't had similar sandwich in other places.
The strange part (not sure if is on purpose) the filling is cold ..... that just simply add more flavor to the sandwich for me.
this is definitely a place I would try next time again when I need to get away from buffet.
and I DO NEED to get away from Buffet.

Very very good.
Me and my group of 3 got two 20 inch subs.
One was sausage and the other was the Italian.
I preferred the sausage but both were very good.
I picked them up and then walked back to my hotel, so they werent piping hot, but that is hardly their fault.
The staff was friendly my group got there right before they closed and they still made our food and didnt make you feel bad about it.
I would have liked to tried the meatball sub, but they were out of meatballs.
There are a few other things i would have liked to try but i live out of state.

i long to go back to vegas just for the pastrami !!
this place is delcious!
The Bobbie: it is delicious and taste like a fresh sandwich should!
very good and worth every penny The capastrami: the best pastrami sandwhich i have ever had, the meat is not too salty ,and its flavored just right to be deliciously delicious!
cant go wrogn with this thng!!
the restaurant: its alright, i dont like eating here too much, its just too much hassle for me, i like it even though its clean and all, but it gets busy really quick.
the service: nice people, but i will say that they take a good while on your sandwich whether its busy or not, come hungry but dont expect to eat for a good 15 minutes when you walk in here.
a must have in vegas!

Great subs.
That have great flavor from the very first bite.

I consider myself a sandwich connoisseur.
So much so, it's to the point that the missus shakes her head at how much I love the things.
But it's the sheer amount of variety that makes them appealing.
So after reading the reviews, I had to go and check this place out.
I decided to be different and try the regular turkey sub, and it was really good.
Not the usual deli slabs of meat, but chunks, and it was moist and flavorful.
Perhaps a little too much lettuce, but I could adjust that, so who cares, really.
The missus got the meatball sub, and that was no slouch.
As I ate, I read through the reviews on here, and each one was a variant of the same message:  "Try the Bobbie!
" "Try the Capistrami!
" "Bobbie!
" "Capristrami!
" "Bobbie!
" "Capristrami!
" "Bobbie!
" "Capristrami!
"  "Alright, dammit, I'll try one of the sandwiches", I nearly cried out, but I figured that would only get me more unusual looks than I normally get, so I went up to the counter and ordered the Bobbie for dinner later tonight.
Holy crap, I am a convert now.
It was like magical wood nymphs placed happiness upon my tongue.
So let me join my voice to the chorus extolling the virtues of the Bobbie, and now I feel compelled to see what the Capristrami is all about.
These are FINE sandwiches.
Well worth the trip off-Strip to sample one of these.
And prices are pretty fair, all things considered.
I think I have a new haunt to get my sammich on.

So good we got an extra sandwich to go.
My fianc could live on sandwiches for the rest of his life and be a happy well fed fella.
He's always on the look out for a new place and today he suggested Capriotti's with a certain eagerness in his eye.
Located next to the Golden Steer just off the strip (yet in a non-run down area) with plenty of parking.
Capriotti's is a smallish restaurant with about 10  - 12 tables (depending on the arrangement).
Since you can eat a sandwich fairly quickly or take it home, it's not really an issue.
Plenty of seats were to be found when we were there.
I ordered the Italian Meatball and he ordered the Turkey sandwich.
Like most couples we took a bit of each other's sandwich.
While not a big turkey fan, I have to say it was really put together well.
REAL turkey with chucks of meat and not the pressed deli meat you'll find in a sandwich vending machine.
With plenty of condiments mixed with a nice mixture of spices made for great turkey sandwich.
I ordered the Meatball and consider it one of the best I've ever eaten.
The  bread was soft enough to allow the cheese and tomato sauce to mix together so you get that delicious tomato, meat, cheese, bread paste in your mouth.
Many places will serve it to you with a hard shell of a sandwich leaving you with a soggy inside and a impenetrable crust capable of chipping a tooth.
Luckily you won't find such a monstrosity here.
The staff was very friendly and didn't blink an eye when we asked for condiments.
They even suggested some options they thought would go create with the sandwich.
At the end, we enjoyed our individual sandwiches so much we ordered the famous "Bobbi" to go for dinner that night.
Despite being 6 hours old and sitting in a car for a while, it was still very tasty.
I only imagine how much better it tastes fresh or after taking it home.
If dollar value matters, rest assured the prices are fair and the smallest sandwich is 9 inches long which should satisfy anyone.
So if you love sandwiches, go to Capriotti's for a great deal and probably the best sandwich you've had in a long time.

The meatball is good.. it didn't blow me away..
I will try the Philly Steak and the famous one (don't know the name but its their signature sandwich) next.. so well see.. Price was cool.. place was cool.. just meatballs were.. well kinda subway.. hopefully I just got the wrong sandwich.. so well try it again soon.

I'm a fan because of the sheer size of their sandwiches!
One can easily feed 2 people for lunch.
And the associate or manager let us keep the sandwich that the other worker messed up on and apologized.
What I had: the Italian sausage, SlawBeJo, and the Italian *Italian sausage- with bell peppers and melted cheese and side of marinara.
Yum.
*SlawBeJo- not as great..plenty of coleslaw, hint of meat..not satisfying to my palate.
A lot of sauce from the coleslaw.
*Italian- and I must say, I'd definitely order the Italian again!
The fixings and blend of onion and seasonings that went on ALL sandwiches went incredibly well with the meats of the Italian.
Sooo good.
BTW, sandwiches especially ones with coleslaw, probably aren't good next day.
No one likes soggy bread.

I'm very disappointed that they forgot AGAIN my ingredients.
No vinegar, oil, peppers, onions.
This is the 2nd time it's happened and it's been both places on Sahara.
This was my favorite sandwich shop but it's looking like not anymore.

Came here based on yelp recommendations.
It isn't on the strip but just off it, not a problem since we had a car.
I believe this place is a chain, not only once place.
There is a whole list of  sandwiches you can choose from.
We got the capitrami, cheese steak, tuna, bobbie.
They were all decent sandwiches, not your standard type.
Service was kind of slow, but the sandwiches were good.
Really great drunk food after a long night of drinking a well.
Not sure I'll make the trek out there again for sandwiches, but I'll definitely keep them in mind.

Awesome sandwiches.
I had two of their signature sandwiches, they were both exceptional.
Awesome.

capri-whatt?!?!?
o is this pastrami heaven?
Found you lil bugger!
Known for its hot pastrami sandwich, we came in on a lil humble cloudy day and decided to be a lil bad (for my diet).
Their sandwiches come in different size...the largest...20"...o my =O!
Stick to what it is and even though im not a big fan of coleslaw...i have to admit, its really good with the sandwich.
The hot pastrami sandwich consists of pastrami (duh), coleslaw with russian dressing, which i believe its like thousand island and something....the creaminess of the dressing cuts down the TANG of the coleslaw and the cole slaw gives the sandwich the crunch and cuts down the pastrami taste and teh saltiness of it.
Everything works well...it's definitely a recommendation from me (a picky ass eater)...the bread is a lil soft, not crunchy so its doesnt hurt you when you bite into it, esp for them drunkards....  even though theres not a lot of ingredients, its a very filling meal and i even took my share home for later.
i only wish it wasnt off the strip but i think its best that way!
ITS A MUST GO!
GO GO GO....  p.s.
if you dont love sandwiches, i believe they have other stuff and they have chips and soda and its pretty decent in price....its like a local joint to chill =)

Our sandwich (turkey, stuffing, cranberry) was good, although my husband and I both had the runs that night.
They refused to serve us tap water.
They sell their own brand of bottled water.
When I raised a stink about it, they sullenly gave me some in a small soup container.
I don't know if it's a Vegas thing to not give a care about the environment, or just their corporate culture.
The staff seemed genuinely confused why I wouldn't buy a bottle of water.
If you eat there, demand some tap water on principle, please!

We had about 3 different sandwiches... from what i remember they were all pretty good!
Pretty cheap and a sandwich can feed like 5!
I think my favorite was the Bobbie, it had like cranberry sauce of some sort.
The Capastrami sandwich, and cole turkey was also pretty delicious.

Capastrami....very, very good, comes with homemade slaw and Russian dressing.
Small is plenty for one...almost 8 bucks.
They don't have fountain drinks, only bottled.

Love the sandwiches!
We came here because of that cheap Shell gas station before heading back to Socal.
We saw the sandwich place and hey, they have good reviews!
So we tried it out, and it was delicious.
The cheese steak and italian sandwich, really good!
Next time I'll try the pastrami.

Being from the south and now living in Florida you rarely find a great sandwich.
Well, look no further.
The cheesesteak at Capriotti's is to die for.
The melted cheese over the steak with the sweet peppers with onions and mushrooms....oh yeah you can't go wrong with the cheesesteak!
The Bobbie is also another sandwich that you must try.
A turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce, mayo, cole slaw and Russian dressing.
Capriotti's come to Florida, you will have a new following of loyal customers!
5 Stars a must try.
There are numerous locations around Vegas so find the closest one to you.

Always VERY good never great.
I would still go 4.2 stars:) The highlights being the phlliy cheesteak as far as the sandwiches are concerned.
But the devil is in the details, i.e.
the WISE brand chips they carry, specifically the sea salt and vinegar ones!

I work a lot of trade shows and always ask the I&D for the best delivery option.
All the labor and booth staff loves this place for a delivered lunch.
The Bobbie is just like my favorite day after thanksgiving sandwich, people also liked roast beef and the capistrami.
Call at least 1-2 hours ahead for delivery or well before 10am for noon delivery.

Well, just add me to the list of fans of a wonderful "unique" sandwich shop.
When I went to the Sahara location (on a Monday when it opened), I had no problem with parking and there were very few customers inside.
The staff was extremely helpful and the shop was very clean.
I new I was In a good place when one of the customers odered 18 sandwiches!!
!...lol...

This is a great place to go especially on a lazy Sunday to grab food for a picnic!
I can enjoy Thanksgiving dinner any time of the year thanks to the Bobbie!
Even when I dine in I forget that the location is not the best.
lol!

Great place to get a sandwich.
I love Capastrami here.
It's an amazing balance with the slaw.

One of the best sandwiches that I have ever got!
How can you not like a sandwich from here.
So good, so cheap, so delicious.
My favorites are:  -The Bobbie.
A lot of people seemed to rave about this one.
Who doesn't want Thanksgiving Dinner in a Sandwich.
So good.
The stuffing, the cranberry, the turkey all in one bite!
Can't say no to that!
You won't get disappointed.
-Capastrami.
So good!
I always order this too.
Hot Pastrami and cheese and cole slaw.
The sandwich is a bit messy, but most foods that are messy are delicious!
Give these two sandwiches a try and you won't be disappointed.
One of the places you just have to h it up during Vegas!
They're all over Vegas too.
Well more in the local casinos.
If it wasn't for my boyfriend, I would have never found out about this place!
SO GOOD.

You know what I hate about this place?
It's that they ALWAYS forget to not put mayonaise on my sandwiches when I ask them not to, so I call the corporate office to try and get a giftcard since I have bought about 10 20" sandwiches, all with mayo with on them, and the lady I get on the phone basically just laughs at me, makes fun of me for being upset, and low and behold no giftcard.
NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL CUSTOMER APPRECIATION!!!!

Locally owned and operated chain of Vegas sub shops.
Great value amazing menu.
Good assortement of Vegan Vegetarian and Carivore type sandwiches.
The Bobbie is their signature sandwich and is a must try.
Next time I am in town I will be back many times.

Veggie turkey sandwich... Best thing ever!

I love a good sandwich place, and this one is definitely worth a visit!
I went here on the high recommendations of Yelp and I'm glad I did.
Freshest ingredients, excellent flavor and not just your ordinary sub/sandwhich place.
I had their home made roast beef and was very impressed!
By the way, if you need to feed a small camp of refugees, get the large...
It's a monster!
I highly recommend it to anyone that likes a good sandwich.

About $8 a sandwich.
A little out of the way.
The philly cheese steak was good.
As always, I threw in peppers.
Yum.

Must order their Capastrami.
Very good price for the size of a 20" pastrami mixed with coleslaw sandwiches.
I also tried their turkey sandwiches, but pastrami is still my favorite!!!!

I found this place while perusing Yelp for a place to eat that was within walking distance of the hotel.
After reading the overwhelmingly positive reviews, I had to try it... and I was not disappointed.
I ordered "The Bobbie" which is essentially Thanksgiving leftovers on a sub -- Turkey, Cranberry Sauce, Stuffing, and Mayo.
It immediately brought me back to the day after Thanksgiving.
A sandwich that is classic, but absolutely delicious.
Service can be a little slow if there's an influx of customers, but not a deal-breaker.
A great sandwich shop that I look forward to visiting again.

Great great great!!
Amazing sandwiches and service!
Small but sufficient shared parking lot, close to the strip (2 blocks-ish) without the craziness of the strip, and the service is fun and busy -- large staff to fully support the orders (not 1-2 people, but 8 or more!).
First, you have to know, the secret to a good sandwich is the bread.
Here, at Capriotti's, they know HOW TO DO IT RIGHT!
Randy's Top 4 Capriotti Sandwiches:  #1 "The Bobbie" - (to die for) - moist and tender shredded turkey, cranberry sauce, and STUFFING   #2 Meatball - (thats'a Italian to you) - great and meaty balls, super good, great sauce  #3 Roast Beef - (so dang good!
) - cooked right there in the shop, super moist and tender, and shredded  #4 Chicken cheesesteak - (The Pope would say "holy moly") - tender chicken cuts, get the works with cheese, mushrooms, peppers, and onions!
Capriotti's is my favorite sandwich shop!!
There are many locations, find one nearest you (or move closer to one!

Decent sandwich shop with plenty of options.
My wife and I stopped by this place when were vacationing in Vegas last year.
Luckily for us, it was within walking distance from the Stratosphere where we were staying.
We had searched the reviews on Yelp and decided to give this place a try.
My wife ordered the 'Bobbie'; basically thanksgiving dinner stuffed within a loaf of bread.
Turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and mayo.
I ordered the Cheese Steak with mushrooms and onions.
While both of our sandwiches were prepared well and served at a decent temperature, we both felt the same way about the food.
It was decent, but was missing some flavor in some places.
A little salt could have benefited both of our sandwiches.
While the bread itself was delicious and fresh, it was a bit of a chore gnawing through it.
The Bobbie my wife got could have benefited from being toasted.
While I feel the food falls inbetween 2 and 3 stars, I felt the need to give them 3 because the service was stellar.
The staff was very attentive and was very helpful despite the fact that we were probably the 85735739th out-of-town vacationing couple they'd served that day.
Apparently we came near a strange early closing time and the manager sent us off with a large bag of 6 whole loaves of their bread on the house!!!
We happily accepted these and they came in useful to snack on while in the hotel room.
We may return to try something else off the menu the next time we're in the area.

SHIP THE BOBBIE all day long.
a place a lil far from everything but worth the drive.
love the portion size and the taste is amazing as well.
summer is coming along where i take my annual 2 month vegas trip and will be here soon!!!
see ya soon capriottis!!

Another place I pass by on my walk and I have seen thier ads in several publications saying they were voted #1 in Las Vegas for thier "Bobbie" = a Turkey, cranberry & dressing sandwhich.....I passed on that & opted for a 9 inch Italian on wheat and was told they only had white bread, so I went with it.
I just got the sandwhich, no drink or chips & the total came to $7.12 which I thought was a little steep considering the lunch buffet at Main St Casino is $9.
For the amount of people behind the counter & the amount of customers in the place it took awhile to get my order = I looked at the LV WEEKLY Magazine all the way through & the order still wasnt ready.
NBD as I really wasnt in a hurry.
The sandwhich was OK and had alot of meat on it compared to a Subway sub.
I guess haveing been in Miami and a rocks throw from Casola's I got a little spoiled when it comes to portion, quality & Value bang for your buck.
It is what it is & I'll probably go back again & try another type sub one of these days.

Fantastic and shareable!
We had the pastrami and slaw.
So good!

I love Capriotti but I don't love this location..every time I go there they say the oven is broken.
They recommended me to go to there other location near Hard Rock Casino.
Which I couldn't do because I had to ride a bus 35 mins to get there.it took at least 25 mins by bus to get to this location

CHEESESTEAK WITH EVERYTHING ON IT!
Now that I got your attention, Capriotti's has got some of the best sandwiches around.
Every time I see one, I immediately look at the time hoping that it is lunch time or at least close to it.
I have tried all their sandwiches (which are all good), but it seems like every time I go I end up getting either the cheesesteak or the capastrami.
With it I always get the grilled onions, mushrooms, sweet and hot peppers.
Of course I can't go on until I give their signature sandwich its props.
The Bobbie.
This sandwich is what made Capriotti's famous.
Turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, and bit of mayo.
With this sandwich, you don't have to wait til November to have it.
You can have it year round!
They only have one kind of bread which in some people's eyes are one dimensional, but in this case, their bread is so good and fresh, that I think that's all they need!
Oh, did I mention they bake it from scratch every day?
So you know it's gonna be fresh every time.
For more info, visit their website: www.capriottis.com

The Bobbie is delicious!!!!!
My boyfriend and I went there absolutely starving on our way out of town.
Went based on the high reviews on Yelp.
Together we polished off the 20 inch!
It was HUGE, but so good we savored every bite.
Service was great & gave us the mayo on the side & even extra cranberry sauce as well (cus I like it saucy!
) So tasty!
Awesome portions & quality.
Pinks in Miami has a similar sandwich called "The Thanksgiving" which also has gravy.
Both very good.

Great sammiches a short drive from the Strip.
Get away from the ding-ding-ding whirr whirr whoop whoop and just have a dang sandwich.
I guess this place is part of a chain but it kicks butt over Subway or Quizno's while being in the same milieu.
Be warned that the large sandwich is incredibly large.
My 19 year old son and I split a SlawBeJo which was piled with outstanding roast beef and slathered in thick, tasty cole slaw.
As soon as it arrived, we just laughed.
We were not possibly going to be able to eat the thing.
Leftovers, baby.
Our friend had a vegetarian thing and liked it.
Great, friendly service.
Lots of locals.
No Keno.
Go!

I am a native of Delaware, having been raised on Capriotti's my entire life, long before any of you knew what a Bobbie or Capastrami is.... and I have come to the realization that Capriotti's has slipped.
Ever since the family sold it to one of their franchisees a few years ago, the quality has slipped a notch or two.
The rolls are not the same, the ingredients are not as fresh, the meats dont seem to be as of high quality as they once were when it was owned by the Capriotti family.
And this is not a one-time slip up, I have visited many Capriotti's shops all over the USA, including Vegas, Arizona, New Jersey, and Delaware of course.
And the quality is not the same anymore.
Sorry to report this.
Sure Cap's is better than Subway, but Cap's is not in a class by itself anymore.
It's a shame.

Probably the Best Cheesesteak Sandwich around!
Order the large 20" sandwich for $12 it feeds 2 people or in my case just 1!!
The Capistrami is unbelievably tasty!
If you like sandwiches this about the best they get here in Vegas!

I absolutely love LOVE Capriottis!!!
Fast and delicious.
They have an amazing vegetarian menu, which is hard to find at sandwich shops.
The "Veggie Cheesesteak" is my favorite for all you vegetarians!
It's vegan if you ask for no cheese :) Definitely get the sandwich with hot peppers for extra flavor.
The Capistrami is out of this world too!

Super awesome staff, the manager there's a great guy.
Kathryn's extremely nice and the whole crew hooked up some delicious sandwiches.
Overall the way experience I've ever had at any Capriotti's.

Decent flavor on my cheesesteak with mushrooms and cherry peppers.
Only thing that ruined it was they added A LOT of hot pepper extract (couldn't pinpoint which) but it made it way too spicy.
Got a good sweat out of it.
Nice and clean with friendly service.
I'll be back.

I love Capriotti's.
This is by far my favorite place to eat in Law Vegas.
Yes, this $7-8 sandwich tops the much more expensive food you can get at the buffets or other fancy joints in town.
The turkey sandwiches are made with real turkey, as in thanksgiving turkey not lunch meat slices.
The "bobby" is their most popular sandwich, which is like a thanksgiving leftovers orgy with turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce.
Personally, my favorite is the "plain" turkey sandwich with sweet peppers, hot peppers, and pickles.
My only complaint about Capriotti's is that they serve Pepsi, but I guess no one is perfect.

Great little place.
I'm from Philly and against my better judgement I order a cheesesteak......it made the cut.
Delicious!

Always amazing!
Best Capriotti's Iv been too.
The bobbie wins me over everytime!
I even ate it three days in a row last week!

If you're in Vegas and you're strapped for cash, this is the place to go.
For about $10 bucks, you can get a hearty meal just as delicious as anywhere to satisfy your grumbling stomach.
Never a line when I come to this awesome place.
I'm not a huge fan of their famous Bobbie, but it's still a solid sub that tastes just like they describe it.
But the way to go is Capastrami all the way.
Their mountain of delicious hot pastrami and coleslaw speaks to the soul.
No other Capriotti's I've been to give as generous portions like this one.
This is the best Capriotti's I've been to.
Waiting time (for making the food): 5min @ 2:00 pm Saturday Service: 10/10 Cost with tax (no tip): About $10 per person.

horrible service, quality, and food.
they made the sandwhich my friend ordered twice and he finished eating before i even got my sandwhich.
then they forgot to put mushrooms on the sandwhich that i payed extra for.
then they grilled me mushrooms that smelled like male sperm.

Vegas standard for sandwiches.
Really.
It's tough to beat the Bobbie and the grilled Italian.
The Bobbie is pretty much the go-to for most people.
The Thanksgiving-in-a-sandwich experience.
It's so good!
Carb-filled heaven.
Fresh turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing.
Yes, meat, bread, sugar, and bread.
And the grilled Italian.
All the bad sliced meats from Italy in one sandwich, made crispy over the grill.
Spicy on command.
And their bread - it's that certain chewy but not too much volume thing they have going on.
It just works.
And every time you go, you always want to order a bigger size for no reason at all other than just to do it.
You'll even try to justify it.
"What if I get hungry in a couple hours?
What about dinner?
Sudden meteor threats could make me stress eat and I could use the 20-incher.
"  They even have some vegetarian meat options.
This is pretty cool and unexpected, especially for a Vegas spot.
This isn't exactly a vegan/vegetarian city so it's nice to see a popular place take the initiative.
I'm a fan.

Probably the only fault of them is they don't have LATE LATE night hours and they're not RIGHT on the strip.
My recommendation is the Capistrami.
Get the large (20"), cut it in half (two 10" sandwiches) and share with somebody.
Nice bread... SUPER tasty pastrami... but the coleslaw on it is where it's at.
Good cold crunch that keeps you coming back for the next bite quicker than you thought you would.
Never really busy... a lot of locals order to go, so they just come in, pay, leave.
So plenty of seating for us out of towners.
It's in a VERY tiny strip mall near the corner of Sahara and The Strip.

I was in Las Vegas for 5 days on business and had a hard time finding good restaurants, reasonably priced around town.
The sandwiches are fresh, tasty and plenty of vegetarian options.
Service was friendly and helpful.
Would definitely go back.

LOVE THIS PLACE!
I am not a fan of the "bobbie", i am not sure if i got a bad sandwich the one time i ordered this but i just didnt like it.
i DO, however, LOVE LOVE LOVE the "cole turkey" - tons of turkey, cheese, coleslaw and thousand island dressing.
i could eat one everyday.
the "capistrami" is also great, basically the same thing as above but with pastrami.
this place is hard to beat :)

I know it is almost anti Las Vegan of me but this is the first time I have had capriotti's.
It seems everyone I know has been and LOVEs it.
So tis the season for turkey so I choose to have the Cran-Slam club with Turkey, Cranberry Sauce, Ham, Mayo and Lettuce made on sliced white or wheat bread.
I am not a big cranberry person and everything but that in this sandwich I enjoyed.
Lots of meat and no skimping or overdoing the veggies to make up for light meat.
I'll go back again to try another one.

While visiting Vegas, I popped in here for a sandwich.
There were several options-- I went with a good ol' cheesesteak.
It was a decent cheesesteak, and it was large enough to sate my lunch hunger with some left over for a later snack.
I remember the service was especially friendly.
Wish I had tried the grilled Italian, but maybe next time!

what can I say that hasn't been said already about Capriotti's?
Don't think I've had a bad sandwich yet.
My favorites are the Bobbie and the grilled italian.
If I had to criticize anything it would be that the roast beef.
While it has great flavor it is always so dry.
Staff is always very friendly at this location.
Love that we can order online from work and have it ready to pick up.
Saves time and easy to do.
Suggestions for Capriotti's: different sub rolls (or at least wheat) and some more sandwich combinations.

Just sayin'......... if you're rating "sandwiches in Vegas"....... and for both taste and value..... this is my current 5-star winner.
You only have to look at the 170+ reviews, with an average 4-1/2 star rating, to feel comfortable in anticipating a decent sandwich.
What put this over the top for my business associate and me was both sandwiches and service.
We were both wasted after another trade show day, standing on our feet, "gratefully" (I should qualify), talking to clients from around the US and World that visited our booth.
By 5pm, we both agreed on "something simple" that we could take back to our off-strip condo's.
Ironically, I'd never tried any Capriotti's location ever!?
My loss.
We order two hot sandwiches and two cold.
Their "small" is 9", which is really a large in the typcial fresh-off-the-grill sandwich world.
And this is a "sandwich kitchen" with a "hot-top grill", plenty of fresh onions, sweet bell peppers, mushrooms and plenty of Provalone... ready to join your grilled meats in a super "comfort food sandwich experience!
" (I'd recommend you ask for "extra Provalone"... just because you can!
)  My personal thanks for the three person crew that cooked and served us that early evening!
It was a pleasure stopping by, and the positive food and customer service experience will now make this particular location a "Must Add" to my "Vegas Black Book of Fooderies.

Located just west of Las Vegas Blvd on Sahara near the Red Label Lounge, this Capriotti's location is easily accessible from the strip.
The shopping plaza that it sits inside of might make you raise an eyebrow, but it's actually a pretty nice nice place inside and the staff is all all very friendly.
They have vegetarian offerings on the menu that don't feel like a meat sandwich minus the meat (the vegetarian cheese steak is my favorite) so it's quickly become my favorite place to grab a quick bite for lunch.

I've been wanting to try the Bobbie ever since I saw it on TV.
So I was in Vegas and looking for something to eat that was not on the strip.
I like Earl's but I've been there.
They have more than one Capriotti location and it was my chance!
The Bobbie is Thanksgiving in a sandwich.
You know the day after Thanksgiving when you stuff the turkey, cranberry sauce and stuffing all into a sandwich and it so so good.
Well, the Bobbie is like that all year long.
I liked the sandwich but I am not a fan of a huge amount of bread.
If there was a bit less bun it would have been PERFECT.
The stuffing was delicious.
If you don't like sweet in your sandwich it would have been perfect.
My husband had the grilled Italian.
It was spicy, meaty and delicious.
The staff was friendly and they really need a Southern California location.

Schneller, freundlicher Service.
Preis/Leistung ist optimal.
Guter Tipp fr sub-fans.

No wheat bread option!!!
Other than that the sandwiches are pretty good.

Best vegetarian "meat" sandwiches I've had out.
Got a veg cheesesteak (morning star chicken shreds) and a turkey and slaw (sliced smoked soy based turkey of some sort).
Fan.
Tas.
Tic.
Good bread, good portions, great veg meat, polite staff...I wish there was one of these near my home town.
I would eat here every night.
$13 for a 20" sub just can't be beat.

This place is absolutely awesome.
That it is a chain makes it all the more remarkable.
The Cran-Slam Club is like a little -- no, pretty good size -- piece of Thanksgiving year-round.
This particular location looks sketchy from the outside as mentioned by others, but it is just fine on the inside.
If you're in town at the north end of the Strip and you can get away for a lunch, do it.
This is far better than they are hiding in the casinos and you can get a size-able sandwich and drink for under $10.

The sandwiches here are delicious.
Anything with turkey is going to be amazing.
Of course if you want an amazing gluttonous experience, try the Bobbie sandwich.
Turkey, Stuffing, Cranberry sauce on a roll.
It sounds really gross, but it's delicious!

Walked there from signature suites at mgm.
I love the sandwiches..
So far I have had the bobby, cheesesteak, and capristrami.
Small is like a medium and medium like a large.
The capistrami is delist but the coleslaw got a littlest Ty at the end.
I would order it on the side next time.
The Bobby seemed like it needed more mayo.otherwise tasted great.i love how all the sauce, meat stayed in the bun bc of the cool rolls.. cheesteak was tasty.
Finished the medium there, wished the steak was a little thinner.

This place was really gross.
To bad there wasn't a zero star.
I got the Bobbie because I thought it was creative but it was disgusting.
I pulled out a piece of hair and I got a soda.
The total was like 15 bucks.
It sucks.
No recommendation

OMG.
Not only is everyone SUPER nice, but the sandwich is THE BEST I've EVER had in my life.
And trust me when i say this, I've eaten A LOT of sandwiches!!
I had the chicken/mushroom cheese steak with all toppings (hot pepper, sweet pepper, lettuce, tomato, pickles) It came out steaming hot and the flavor is UN-describably AWESOME.
Oh my and that bread.
My husband had the hot pastrami and that too was simply melt in your mouth amazing.
I am so happy that my husband found this place in the Vegas book that he got, other wise, I wouldn't even know it existed.
I have to say though, that I am a little upset now because ever since I had this sandwich, ive been craving it NON STOP.
Capriotti's why not open a few in San Francisco Bay Area?
You can even hire me and I will be your #1 representative.
Please?
Maybe?
Will you think about it?
Well, there's one in LA that we can go too, but now i have to wait salivating for a few months until we go to LA!!
Wow, thank you!!
Please go.
You will not, and i mean WILL NOT be disappointed.
And if you are, contact me, and I will seriously give you a back handed slap across the face.
Great prices too!!!

Oh Capriotti's....you & I have a secret love affair and no one knows how much I truly see you!!
When I'm at work, this is my Caps location that I visit the most.
It's close, convenient and even better, when I'm too busy (or lazy) to drive to pick up my sammy, they'll deliver it to me for $3.00.
Perfecto!
Just remember if you want your sub delivered by noon, call in no later than 10am.
They are in high demand y'all.
The crew here is sweet but they know how to get down to business.
Caps has hot sandwiches, cold sandwiches, salads, kids meals and more.
My favorite is their good 'ol homemade turkey with mayo and provolone.
Their bread is always fresh & soft and their turkey is actually fresh turkey....hand pulled.
Say whaaaaaat?
Yea, it not processed crap or little circles of pressed meat.
This is real, straight up turkey.
Beats Subway and Port of Subs ANY day of the week.
Their hot, Philly cheese steak is delectable with all that yummy melty cheese and peppers slathered about.
MMM!
Is your mouth watering yet?
Oh and the Bobbie?
This is like a full Thanksgiving dinner explosion in your mouth - complete with turkey, cheese, mayo, stuffing and fresh cranberry sauce.
Just like the sammies Mama made you with leftovers in the golden days.
Don't take my word, go try it for yourself.
Like now....

Went here for the first time and got the Bobbie sandwich (turkey, stuffing and cranberry).
Thanksgiving in July!
It was really good.
The place is cute, clean and the staff really friendly.
We've heard from friends that this place was really good, and were not disappointed.
Will definitely come again and try more of the yummy sounding sandwiches.

best sandwich in the nation!
capastrami is a must try!
although, i heard the bobbie is a favorite but it wasn't for me...maybe cause it was cold?
and i'm a warm/hot sandwich kind of person...bonus, throw some chips in and make it all better.

Oh yes I am a fan!!!
Great to grab on your way to the airport for a snack on the plane!
Service was solid and fast.
I had the Bobbie and my mom ordered the Capastrami.
Check out the menu online!
Both were delish and the bread...oh sweet baby jesus it was crusty chewy and hearty enough to handle all the fixin inside!
We dont have a Capriotti's in our neck of the woods so I look forward to going back.
winnah winnah chicken dinnah (shaking my shakka in the air)

Cran-slam club, very different!
Turkey is delish... the bread was really soft and I enjoyed it.
tRY IT!

This is the third Capriottis I've been to, but the first in Las Vegas.
An this was by far the slowest service I have ever received!
Don't be stupid enough to ask for them to give you a hot sandwich, it takes 20 minutes!
We ordered and they served four parties (three ordered after us) before our sandwiches came up.
Would have been more, but it was slow, and only three groups ordered after us.
Cold food is the only option if you have somewhere to be, or a limited lunch break.

Fast service.
Friendly people.
Fat sandwiches.
Ffffffffffantastic!

Not much of a sandwich eater myself.
I can always make one at home if in the mood.
But at the time I wanted something different to eat then the norm.
Given my location this place came highly reviewed by Yelp followers and as always I fell sucker!!!
It was ok. nothing like most people claim.
Yes turkey and cranberry on any given day other then thanksgiving is a good notion, but Im not that fond of it.
Im glad its only once a year and not a daily, weekly course.
It was cool.
Nothing out of this world.
Sorry to say....

Love this hole in wall place!
=)   Veggie Cheese Steak: 5 stars Toasty & delicious, so tasty  =) The veggie chicken they had inside tasted so close to chicken that I couldn't believe it & the melted provolone cheese just gave it a delicious finish to it.
Service: A Great friendly service & they were so helpful too.
Decor & Ambiance: A Clean & chill place..great for groups/ families.
Food: A One of the best yummy Sandwiches that I've tasted in a long time!
=)  This place beats Subway & Quiznos outta the water!

This sandwich is what made this place famous and it's worth it to check it out.
My Mom and brother all recommded this place when I moved back to LV 6 years ago.
This Thanksgiving tasty sandwich filled with turkey that is cooked daily and then shredded down meets it's adverstised demand.
I recommend to add lettuce and tomato and extra tomato as there is bread (the roll) on bread (the stuffing) action going on!
The Capistrami is my second favorite very tasty with the Russian dressing gives a pastrami sandwich a nice twist.

I live in Hawaii and whenever I go to the mainland I have to hit up Capriotti's for a Capastrami.
Service was great.
The Capastrami was great.
This is not the usual location I go to in Las Vegas, but it worked out for me.

Oh the memories.
My first Capriotti's experience and it didn't disappoint.
Of course I got the Bobbie and of course it was excellent.
I'm usually not a fan of cranberry on my  food but it really works well with this sandwich.
The bread is soft and the turkey is well-seasoned,  roasted  and pulled.
I also tried the cheesesteak and I gotta say, it's one of the best I've had.
Get it with onions and hot+sweet peppers.
I've tried the Capriotti's that recently opened near me.
I don't know what it is, it just isn't as good as the ones in Vegas.
The one in Beverly Hills is pretty good but I'm not a fan of that pretentious area.
If you're in Vegas, stop by and power up with some delicious sandwiches.

Best food in Las Vegas!
Best Sandwiches I ever ate!
Capastrami is the best warm sub, The Bobbie is the best cold sub.
Do it!

Great food!!
The staff was very friendly and helpful.
I ordered the Bobbie which was amazing!!
I would definitely eat here again when we travel to Vegas.

amazing amazing amazing!!!
get the bobbie sandwich!!!!
it's thanksgiving in a sandwich!!!
the best ive ever had!!!

I had Capriotti's a couple years ago in San Diego, so I was in Vegas for the weekend and decided to stop here for lunch.
This place is so awesome.
Their menu is simple and their sandwiches are great.
The turkey, it's not like that thin slimy deli crap.
They roast turkeys and carve them fresh every day.
So it's like Thanksgiving turkey quality, shredded.
So it's good stuff for sure.
Man, the 'Cole Turkey', not their signature sandwich, but soooo good.
Turkey, cole slaw, provolone, special sauce on a hoagie.

Holy crap on a cracker...
The Bobbie sandwich is a little bit of heaven on a plate.
Perfect stuffing, the pulled turkey a fantastic touch, just the right amount of mayo and cranberry...
Highly, highly recommended

This isn't my usual Capriotti's location but I was driving by and decided to stop.
I ordered my usual turkey sandwich with extra pickles.
The guys working here were very friendly.
I recommend this place to anyone.

Came here a couple months ago for the first time for my birthday & I finally got to write a review.
If I'm writing a review couple months later about a sandwich that's still on my mind, that definitely means something.
BEST PHILLY CHEESESTEAK SANDWICH IV'E EVER HAD.
Bread was warm and soft.
Meat was very flavorful.
I will always have to come back here everytime I'm in Vegas.
Or look for a Capriottis in California.

THE BEST.
A must stop when in the area.
Quality ingredients and service!
Wish they had shops where we live!

I went here a few times with a friend of mine.
He immediately became a big fan... for me... my grandma did much better sandwiches... nothing special about the place.
The place looks worn... the food is below avg (IMHO)..
I mean.. the bread is bad!
but if you've heard of it, you should give it a try.
Good luck!

Ive had the most popular bobby, I didnt like it.
It has all the components I liked, excited, but it didnt taste good.
I ate my boyfriends cheese steak instead with the added onion,  mushroom, and jalepano.
It was tasty.
They have three different sizes.
They can come pretty large so perfect to share.
We have over our many visit also tried the meatball sub but the best is still the philly.
The staff is really nice, service was quick, will definitely be coming back.

My wife had the turkey sandwich and it was way too dry.
My Dad had the turkey cranberry and there were bones in it.
I had the meatball and it was actually pretty good.

Ya Think They'd Know the Menu!.
Walked over from the nearby hotel to grab something quick.
Ordered the Cran' Club.
Turkey with Cranberry.
Took it to go and when I open the wrapper to eat it, I found they left off the cranberry.
Hope they read this and do something about it.
I'll let you all know.

Veggie cheese steak is soooo delicious!!!
They just opened one in Concord, not too far from my current location.
Looking forward to trying their veggie sandwiches.

My friends and I were in a pinch to grab food and someone mentioned Capriottis, so I thought why not.
The location was far away from the strip in a street lot location.
Once inside, the seating area was luckily able to hold a party of 11.
The menu selection is quite small so I ordered the Slobby Joe (roast beef, cole slaw, regular bread roll) this sandwich  mainly consisted of cole slaw but after digging an inch of all that mayo drenched cabbage the roast beef had a great taste  After reading more views I realize that the choice of sandwich was probably a poor one and should've ordered the Bobbie or the turkey dinner sandwich

I have a friend that raves about Capriotti's.
After trying it back on the East coast, I had to have it again.
I like the grilled Italian.
It is just a really good sandwich.
My fiance got the Bobbie, the best sandwich in america, and we were not disappointed with that one either.

Love capriottis,, great subs.. this location staffed by incompetent stupid people...  3x in a row they get the order wrong...
These people in here are either illiterate or touched by GOD...  Go to the other locations,, this place sucks and smells like ass and feet...

Sandwiches much better than subway!
Great value and good options for vegetarians.
Throughly enjoyed the veg cheese steak sandwich!

Capriotti's is just not for me.
I have tried the Bobbie twice, it is just not that interesting.
Thanksgiving is once a year for a reason.
Plus having this as a random sandwich shop is much too heavy from a deli.
It just doesn't make since to me.
Nothing else looked or sounded appealing either.
After 3 visits, Capriotti's is not a stop for me.

Awesome sandwiches and staff...quick friendly service :)  My favorites are the bobbie, cheese steak and italian.
Awesome!

First time having their sandwiches was at an office function... OMG!
Hands down the best I have had!
LOVE the Thanksgiving leftover sub.
Mouth is watering just thinking about it right now...
I only with there were more locations.
But it is worth the drive.

Great food.
I have been here several times and love the food and the service i recomend this place.

If I were only reviewing my sandwich, it would be five stars.
If it were only about my husband's sandwich, it would be three stars.
I got the capastrami, and it was WONDERFUL!
A warm sandwich with a perfect combination of pastrami, swiss cheese, coleslaw, and Russian dressing.
Every taste came out, the warmth was perfect, the bread soft.
I really enjoyed this sandwich.
My husband ordered the Bobbie, which is very highly rated, but it was a bit flat.
Not a lot of flavor.
And it was cold.
And a little dry.
Perhaps if it was warmed up it would have been a little better.
So...if you're in the mood for a pastrami sandwich, this is the place!

I stopped in at the strip mall just off the strip.
I tried the capastrami, pastrami with swiss cheese,  cole slaw and russian dressing.
It was great, all the ingredients tasted great and the bread was so fresh and tasty.
My Dad kept talking about his sandwhich (same thing) for the next couple of days.

Love the Bobbie and the cookies at the counter are awesome!
Great service even as a crazy guy came in causing trouble.

now that i know about this place every time i go to vegas this is a sandwich shop for me.
I wasn't expecting much but the sandwiches was much better then i expected.
Due to the location being off the strip the price is cheaper and worth the side track.
I recommend the Capastrami.
I don't think of coleslaw being a good sandwich topping but this hot sandwich is in my opinion an awesome combination.
Try it out, the place is kind of small and the location is a little out there but it's worth it.

Yelped and found this place because it was fairly close to our hotel.
My boyfriend and I ordered two Capriotti's specials: Capastrami and SlawBeJoe.
Both were pretty much the same except for the selection in meat, Capastrami had pastrami and SlawBeJoe had roast beef.
Even though that was the case, we enjoyed SlawBeJoe more.
The meat just tasted a lot more tender and yummy.
The cole slaw and Russian dressing was delicious though, and it gave the sandwiches a good finish.
There was a line of people ordering in there which correctly reflected the quality of their sandwiches.
This is a more intimate sandwich shop, there are only ~10-15 tables max in there so avoid bringing too huge of a group!

It's so nice when a menu has a vegetarian section.
This place had four veggie selections that used veggie protein, 'faux meat'.
I didn't have to have the usual boring cheese sandwich!
I chose the veggie cheesesteak sandwich.
It was delicious!
The 'meat' was seasoned and cooked perfectly.
My sandwich was about 10 inches long and filled with 'meat', cheese and veggies.
It ended up being enough for two meals, well worth the price!
I will definitely return on my next visit to Vegas!

