I'd give this place 0 stars if I could.
I play pool leagues here and it is as hole in the wall as hole in the wall gets.
Really really super small.
In an awful neighborhood.
The other pool team was nice but that is about it.
Unless you want to see one eyed jack and get stabbed in the parking lot go somewhere else cause this places gives me the creeps.

After years of driving, I decided to check it out.
Three friends and I went about 7pm on a weeknight.
It allows smoking, but if any of the other 6 people there were smoking, I didn't notice it.
This bar has a REALLY COOL OLD MURAL on the wall!
Lots of men performing various vices/sins like gambling, lust, boozing and more!
It is a dive bar, so no fancy mixology here!
Yes, The neighborhood can be gritty so I would be on alert outside.
I will go back.

The Hard Hat lounge is a typical, traditional bar.
It still has a kitchen-but since the smoking law came into affect a few years ago, the oven is idle.
On the border of a sketchy neighborhood (the once fantastic Naked City), I had never had an issue visiting this bar.
At nights you have to get buzzed in, but once you are in the mood is sedate and comfortable.
A pool table exists in case you need more exercise than lifting your beer or your jack and coke!
BUT--- the real star here is the mural by Frank "Maverick" Bowers from 1963.
The mural evokes more a feeling of 1956, than 63, but maybe The Maverick was stuck in his painting ways.
The legend has it that he painted the mural to pay off a bar tab (google his name and you may find more mentions of his doing this in other areas like Los Angeles).
An awesome mural and one the bar is proud of!

I was here one night for a couple hours without a single person in the place except the bartender who seemed to be confused about why I would be in there to begin with.
He looked as if I was about to rob the joint when I walked in.
If you're looking for a b.s.-free dive in Vegas for a beer & whiskey, don't go here because I prefer to have it empty for myself.
Stay away.

This place needs a crowd, because there literally isn't one.
Ever.
It's an ideal dive- YOU just need to bring everyone you know to take the plunge.
The mural is legendary, and I say that because all the bartender's have a different legend..
So if your curious to find out where the painted stage of naked ladies may or may not be hidden, you need to get to drinkin'  !!

My visit to the Hard Hat marks my near-completion of my dive bar to-do list!
I dropped into the HH after a night out for one last drink, that turned into two.
We were practically the only people in the bar (I hear that is common).
The bartenders were super friendly (and they give you snacks!).
They no longer serve food from their kitchen, but they do have some chips and stuff to purchase if the pretzels and goldfish crackers aren't to your liking.
Drinks were cheap ($7/round for Jameson + 7&7)!
Plus one star because I won $50 playing Deuces Wild.
Seriously though,if you're into low key dive bars where you can just sit with a friend (or lovahhh) and just booze it up and talk, this is perfect.
There's also a jukebox, pool table, and cigarette machine to round out the ambiance.

Came here last night (Saturday) for the Reggae/Ska music with a few friends.
The place was pretty dead but the DJ was playing rad music and the drinks were cheap!
$13.50 for a round of drinks for me and my 3 friends?
We're in!
The bartender was a really cool chick, too.
Thanks for digging out that Red Stripe for my friend.
I'll definitely be coming back again the next time I'm in town!

Now this is what a dive bar should be like .
cold, cheap drinks .
semi dark, with friendly regulars .
an attentive bartender .
and a mural behind the bar with an unbelievable story.
This place made you feel like home .
even if you were from out of town and just in for a visit.
I will definitely be back to further explore the mural .
it seem like every time a looked at it I saw something different.
If the neighbor ever comes back .
this place will definitely become a five star spot.
And if not .
it is still on my shall return list.

After a night of walking around first friday, me and my friends bumped into this place.
& let me tell you....
This place impressed the H E double hockey sticks out of me.
Drinks were pretty cheap and the crowd was pretty friendly.
The girl at the kitchen can make some meaaaan food.
Also they had live music, & they happen to have this school bus that was converted into a stage/dj booth.
It was the absolute coolest thing and very unexpected for a small dive bar downtown.
I later found out that the hard hat is managed by the same guy that used to run the Bunkhouse.
And anyone knows that bunkhouse was the place to be before.
I recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a good time on a small budget.

Love it!!
Old industrial Vegas.
Gritty and vintage.
Awesome diner food.
Small stage for bands.
Cool vibe.
Heavy handed pours in the drinks department.

