The Wedding Room is a wonderful place for a wedding reception, with friendly staff, tasty catering, and beautiful decor.
It truly is "elegant and affordable", like they say.
But it isn't only for weddings, it's also a great location for business meetings and other social events, especially since it is in a pretty centralized location.
I'd recommend this place for any kind of social gathering.

The Wedding Room is a fantastic place to hold a reception, as we did just a couple days ago!
Patty is amazing to work with.
I simply cannot praise her highly enough!
She is professional and helpful.
The first time we checked out this reception hall I thought it looked kind of cheesy, but I walked away from it thinking that Patty feels like a favorite aunt, and wishing that she worked at a higher-end place so we would feel more comfortable booking it.
When we got home and looked at our finances, the budget actually made this place look better and better.
The deals they have are amazing!
for $3000, we got the hall, the linens, plates, food, cake, DJ, and coordinator (you can guess who that is!
)  The other places we looked at had us paying twice that much just to rent the hall and have a dinner.
Although we were worried about the room looking a little strange, and also being attached to a bar, when it gets all decked out (and they sure know how to dress the room!
) it looks great, and the bar next door is great for that uncle that needs a little down-time or wants to check the scores, and doesn't intrude on the wedding at all!
Everyone we worked with in conjunction with our reception was really great, the food was delicious (hard to do!
), but covered in cheese.
The meat was cooked properly, the chicken wasn't dry, the salad crisp, and one of my bridesmaids was SO impressed with the Donna's potatoes she  wrote a thank-you note to the chef on a napkin!
The cake was fantastic, and looked and tasted better than I thought it would!
The DJ was enthusiastic, and (quelle suprise!
) has even won Best DJ awards for Las Vegas in 2011!
I was so impressed with the way everything turned out, I didn't have to worry about a thing or come to anyone's rescue.
Thanks to the team at The Wedding Room, it was the first time on my wedding day I  could just relax and really enjoy myself.

This place is the best!
Don't let the name stop you.
I wanted to have a graduation party for my daughter and asked her for a few reasonable ideas of where to have it.
Budget was a concern so having anything in one of the hotels was not a real option.
I also wanted a location that would be easy for high school kids to get to and central for visiting relatives.
I have been to the adjoining bar (The Cellar Lounge) and notices the Wedding Room.
I inquired about it and was referred to Patti.
From the first day I spoke with Patti I knew this was the place.
I brought my daughter to see the room for final approval and we left with my daughter on cloud nine.
She was so excited about the room, and the great food selection.
In the month preceding the event Patti worked with us and was always happy to answer any of our questions.
The day of the event the entire staff and owners were so wonderful and accommodating.
Our party was in the evening so we were allowed to come in the morning to decorate.
We had a friend DJ so he was able to set up an hour or so early.
Patti was there to make sure we had anything we needed.
Patti helped serve along with her assistant Lisa.
They made sure our guest were well taken care of with a smile on their face.
I had so many people that night commenting on how great the service, food (the beef in au'ju is a must have) and the location was.
Several of our adult guests loved the adjoining bar where they could get a drink and step away from some of the teenagers.
Many of our out of town families said they wish they had such a place where they lived.
I guess they will just have to book their event at the Wedding Room here in Las Vegas.
I would highly recommend the Wedding Room not just for a wedding, but any event!!
Kudos to the staff and cooks.
Thank you for making my daughters graduation party a very memorable one!
April Hingada Las Vegas, NV

We have been taking our organization, The Las Vegas Media Group, to the Wedding Room for some time now.
We meet once a month for a lunch meeting.
The staff at the Wedding Room is wonderful to our group: the food is delicious, filling, and generously portioned; our server Patty is professional, courteous, and efficient, and friendly, too!
This is the best place in Las Vegas, a true treasure.

I've been attending a club meeting at The Wedding Room for the past five years.
The food and service is what keeps me and my friends coming back, month after month.
We are able to build our own menu for each of our monthly meetings with the help of Patti.
She, and her staff,  do a wonderful job of arranging a most enjoyable dinner meeting.
Bottom line: food and service.
It's the best.
Ralph Requa

My husband and I had our wedding reception at The Wedding Room on 11/18/13.
The whole planning and organizing was smooth and easy to plan even if I lived in the Midwest.
Patti was great from the start and the staff.
We used Best of the Best DJs (DJ Steve), Cake Designs (Megan) and KK's Photography (Keith) for an awesome 3 hour Las Vegas Photography Tour and reception photos - all recommended by The Wedding Room.
During the reception, nothing went wrong and the time went by so fast.
It was a lot of fun!
This place is totally affordable and would recommend it to anyone.
We had a blast and wish we could do it all over again, or an anniversary party sometime down the road.
Thank you Patti!!!

