This sucks.
I am still sitting inside Villa Pizza at a dirty table waiting for my chicken wings and fries.
It has now been over 40 minutes that I've been waiting and no food in sight.
Plus this place is freezing.
It is 46 degrees outside and not much warmer inside, and I am sitting as far as possible from the front door.
This is my first horrible restaurant experience and I'm glad I have my iPhone to draft this review.
Never again!

I got a Groupon here in May and figured I would use it when traveling to Vegas.
Driving here wasn't too bad and finding the place was pretty easy as it is located in a shopping center.
Our Groupon was $10 for $25 so we got a medium Villa Special pizza for like $15, chicken wings for $6, fries for $3, and a drink for $3.
Total was like $4 with the Groupon.
The place was pretty clean and had a lot of seating area.
The World Cup was showing at this location which was kind of cool.
They have 3 TVs there to watch the game.
I did see signs for beer specials that was 5 for $10.
The Chicken wings were the best.
It was crunchy just the way I like it and very flavorful.
The fries was good but nothing too special about that.
The pizza was pretty good too.
I like my pizza with flavors of the sauce that is tangy with a kick.
The meat was good I think I must have ate 4 pieces since it was that good.
All in all a good place to go to just eat or watch the game.
I would definitely go back again for their wings.

Went here yesterday with a friend who frequents this place.
Had a plain cheese pizza.
Just ok. Pricey for what we got.

Went there for lunch today and it was ok but not something I would crave again.
The pizza:  Crust: good, nice flavor.
Sauce: it was tasty.
Here is why it gets 3 stars.
The crust was too soft in the middle, it was droppy and there it wasn't even filled with toppings (cheese slice).
they need to leave it in the oven longer or something.
The cheese: for a cheese pizza there was not much cheese on it, I get it's a lunch special but how can you call it a cheese pizza with almost no cheese.
Service: the guy making the pizza has a great attitude but one of the cashiers was horid.
She was yelling at another girl to help her and it wasn't even that busy.
Would not return.

I wasn't expecting much from this place, but it is close to my house.
To my surprise, the pizza was actually pretty damn good.
I also ordered chicken fingers which were just average.
I'd say give it a try.

We love this Villa.
The crust of the pizza is nice and thin with a great flavor.
The sauce is good and they put the right amount of toppings on the pizza.
The staff is awesome and always helpful when we come in.
Love love love the fingers here.
They are good plain, medium or hot or they also have a sweet and sour type sauce that is really good.
The ranch is also killer.
Good solid pizza place.

I tried the Villa Pizza in this location today and it wasn't bad.
I got a large 16" with sausage for $12.96 and it had good flavor, nothing incredible.
I do want to mention they didn't do a very good job at cutting it, 1 of the pieces was an oddly shaped triangle but massive, took up the whole plate.
So being that there was a huge piece, there also came a small piece with looked like it belonged on a 10" inch pie.
Even though the cutting was bad, the pie was still good so I would go back sometime again.

Pizza place by my house it's not like the Mall Villa Pizza's it 's family owned good pizza!

For 5.50 two slices and a drink this is fine.
Sauce is a little sweet.
Pizza is NY thin which is cool.
Very greasy.
I wouldn't go out of my way, but good for lunch if in the area.
Not necessarily in the best part of town either.

Favorite Villa Pizza in all of Vegas.
I drive out of my way and pass another Villa next to my office to dine at this one.
It's got the golden ticket.
Why?
Because when Carmine (the original owner of all the Villa Pizzas in Vegas) sold most of his Villa pizza shops they were not allowed to continue using his secret recipe which was the main reason Villa was so popular.
Kim and Kanye should consider naming their love child Carmine after him because the sauce is THAT amazing.
THIS location however was one of the only ones who were special enough to get to keep the recipe!
Their sauce is money up in here!
All of the other factors of the pie are high quality to make it one solid pizza.
Also get their chicken fingers and ranch.
It gets the job done.
All white meat, crispy, humongous and just right.
Prices and service are decent, too.
They currently have coupons in the Entertainment book and also run specials.
The restaurant is small, but I don't expect the Ritz when I'm grabbing a slice.
It's clean and smells of garlic and red sauce and that's all I need to give me strength to return to my cube and face my never ending Inbox of work emails.
If you are in the neighborhood or live on the Moon.
I don't really care.
Drive over here and try this mystic pizza.
It's golden and just might make your day a little brighter.

One of my new favorite places near work for lunch!
The staff is friendly, clean tables, great lunch specials.
They have daily specials for around $6-7.
I love the flavor of their pizza, but I hate how thing the first few bites of it are so floppy from the thinness and greasiness of it.
I wish the crust had just a millimeter more thickness to it.
They also have good salads and appetizers like mozzarella sticks and chicken fingers.
Next on my list to try are their sandwiches!

This place is HANDS DOWN one of the best pizzerias around!!
Pizza is east coast style n the crust in the best.
They have homemade lasagna that is huge n delicious, great subs n fresh salads.This place is family owned n has a great relaxing feel to it..Staff is great n food is ALWAYS fresh... U gotta try it...

Still the best... Everytime I come here my stomach thanks me !

Excellent pizza !!
Staff is friendly n the food is always fresh n tasteful.
I have never had a bad meal here n prices r reasonable.
Recommend to anyone looking for N Y style pizza n great salads also.

Best place to hang out and have some had tossed pies!!
Real good pasta too!
The staff are so friendly as well and also talk with you about any thing lol Over all I am really satisfied with this restaurant and 5 stars is what it is :)

A great place clean and other great options beside pizza.
Try the pasta with there homemade Sauce.
One of the best meat sauces in town

10th time here.
Everything is fresh, super cool guys, awesome pizza and wings.
Love this place!!

Rarely find myself in this part of town, so I had to stop by on the rare occasion I'm here, especially after hearing so much about "the original Villa pizza" from Yelp and other pizza slice junkies.
The is a real mom and pop shop.
The owner was at the counter, making the food (this is a good sign, it means they care) and chatting about his little girl, which the store is named after, and there's pictures of her all over the place.
So cute!
+1 stars.
I never got his name, but the guy gave awesome customer service.
I was in a hurry, so he managed to make my mussels in 5 minutes!
And they tasted great!
They were soft and flavorful.
I highly recommend this dish.
I also got a slice of pepperoni pizza and I don't know if was the mental let-down or what, but it was a terrible slice of pizza.
Waaaay too greasy, so greasy that it soaked down to the too-thin crust and make it soggy.
Ok, so I got to check Villa pizza off my bucket list, not a fan.
However I recommend this place for locals.
The mussels were great.
The service was super friendly.
And they have Fay-go rootbeer!
And for the Vegas locals who grew up on the "original" Villa pizza... well, this is the place for you.

Needed some printer ink from Office Depot and was famished, so I popped into this pizza joint.
Apparently I was there during happy hour #1, which is 2-5pm, and rocks $1.60 slices.
Nice!
I ended up getting a slice, salad and drink for $6.
The salad was legit too.
Roasted red peppers, olives, hot peppers, cukes... this wasn't your average pizza place salad (you know, when it's large chunks of unripe, random veggies).
I was very, very happy with the slice as well.
Def NY style aka very thin, cheesy, greasy and made to fold.
It's my fave slice I've had in Vegas thus far (!).
Not a greasy slice fan?
Still come here, just rock the dab.
No one will make fun of you.
Well...
Anyway, it's a heavy slice and will sag in the middle, so, take a few bites before you fully commit to the fold.
Yea, I eat enough 'za to comment on that.
Ah, can't forget, there's a TV on the wall if you're dining solo and comfy booths if you're in for an extended drinking session :)  Was pleasantly surprised and I'm looking forward to returning.
Other specials... *5 beers for $10 if you purchase any food (nice) *2 slices and a soda for $5 *Sun-Thurs 4-9pm (happy hour #2) - $9 large pies and other specials.

The owners are awesome.
Great pizza!
Friendly and fast service.
Love stopping by for a slice when we are in town.

