This is by far the most disorganized company I've ever dealt with.
They were sent to us through an extended warranty because we had drainage problems with our dishwasher.
Their first technician unplugged it and plugged it back in and said "there, it just needed to be reset" of course that wasn't remotely the problem.
The second technician came out and said the computer board needed to be replaced.
The third technician came out with the new board and said it was the wrong piece.
the fourth technician came out and said "oops its the wrong peice again.
" three weeks later the fifth technician came out with no board at all.
If you need appliance repair go somewhere else, they don't seem to have a clue what they're doing.

I agree.
I was referred over to them from LG - another disorganised company.
I spoke earlier with the owner of Buy-Rite.
He needed my date of purchase to confirm if I was under warranty.
After 2 hours of dealing with LG, I called back Craig, the owner.
Someone answered the phone, and asked who I was.
Then what company I was calling from.
Then what was the nature of my call.
He put me on hold, and came back only to say "Craigs not here" and HUNG UP THE PHONE.
This is the kind of company that LG has handling their business.
Better off going to Sears and dealing with their incessant hawking of their over-priced exptended warranty plan.
UPDATE:  After my horrible experience with Ron's Southwest Appliances, I called Craig (the owner of Buy-Rite) and explained the entire situation to him, including this issue with the LG washer.
Craig was kind enough to advise that I'd be better buying another washer, because the cost of the repairs would be the price of a low-end washer.
He doesn't sell washers, so he had nothing to gain from his honesty, except my respect - which he has earned.
He is also going to speak with the rude employee.
He said he doesn't tolerate that sort of behaviour.
THANKS CRAIG!

I paid for an estimate ($99) from this company and was told that it would be $774 for the repairs to my LG front load washer.
Plus they wanted me to pay them in cash after taking a check for the estimate.
I chose not to work with them on this repair because I felt that they may not be around to warranty their repairs.
I then had someone from LG come out and the same repairs were $324 instead of $774.
Buyer beware...

This company is a SCAM!!!
Beware EVERYONE!!!
I had such bad experiences from them and I should do my homework first.
Craig was the guy who said $1200 total for a repair on my washer machine??
Was he that stupid?
Yes again, LG referred them to me.
So he tried to correct this situation by calling LG to cover the motor which is still under warranty.
He told me now I'd still have to pay $600 +?
I called LG and they said no one had contacted them yet?
Yes, it was a SCAM alright!!!
Please don't fall into this trap like I did.
Yes I finally bought a new LG washer model for less than $900 rather than letting them have any more of my hard working money.
Buy-Rite Appliance should be Buy-Wrong Appliance!!!!!!!

I would not use this company for anything, but especially NOT REPAIRS!
They sent a service man to my home to repair our appliance.
He did not bring any parts with him, saying he had to order the part.
I showed him specifically what was broken, actually handed him the part and when he returned to fix it, he had ordered the WRONG PART!
So when I called the office to complain, I was told he would not even be able to order the right part that day, and that if I kept running my mouth, they would delay ordering the part.
NEVER BEEN SO OFFENDED!
Absolutely the worst customer service I have ever experienced.
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME!

Where do I begin??
Well my washing machine is under warranty through Home Depot ... NEVER AGAIN will I get an appliance from them, but that is another story.
As for Buy Rite, the third time my machine broke, the warranty called them out instead of the repair place I had the first two times.
Buy-Rite came out and looked at my machine for a whole 5 minutes and diagnosed it.
Waited a full week without a working machine before the repair company came back with a part, fixed it and tried to leave before testing the machine.
I had them run a cycle and wouldn't you know the machine did the same thing I initially called about.
I was told they'd have to go through the warranty for approval of the part (this was 3-19-14).
It's now the 28th and there has been no updates until I called them.
I was told they're still waiting for approval for the part.
I call my warranty and they confirm - still waiting on approval.
The kicker is, I was told the approval should only take two business days.
The story gets better!!
Once approval is made .. it will take 18-21 days to get the part.
I understand  Buy-Rite cannot be responsible for the warranty company claims department, but I can't help but wonder 1) when they turned in the claim and 2) when someone was going to call and give me an ETA of when my machine was going to be fixed.
In the mean time I will be out of a washer for a good month and a half before the part will even arrive.
Based on the LACK of communication and the (quickness) amount of time they spend with the machine "figuring out" what is wrong ...
I would never call this place on my own for service of any appliance.
If I didn't have my machine under warranty, I'd assume by a new one through sears and than go through this again.

NEVER, NEVER NEVER buy any appliances from this company.
They have the worst services and the appliances they sell do not work.
I had 2 fridges from the through my landlord and neither did any one of these 2 works.
Plus, they are rude and their services are the worst of the worst.

BEWARE OF THIS COMPANY BUY/RITE APPLIANCE (service-company)   I am a Las Vegas Realtor for more then 20 years and i have never experienced such a useless company.
Why is this company still in business?
Please read my story ...
I recently had my dishwasher and my wash machine stop working.
It's just me and my son living in my home (at Spanish trail)...I had made 2 claim order with HWA (home warranty of America) and specified that I needed a repair specialist that knows how to repair Kitchen Aid appliances.
HWA requested Buy/Rite appliance service company to repair my appliances.i had to wait for over a week and a half after being told that only one of their service men knew how to fix kitchen Aid appliance...On May 20, 2014 Jim the service person from buy/ rite appliance walked into my home looked at my appliances ,first the kitchen aid 2 drawer dish washer and said that the kitchen aid rotator just needed to be replaced and it would be easy to fix.
( I got the impression that he did not know anything about kitchen Aid) He would order the parts and it wasn't a big deal...( never ran the dishwasher) Next Jim looked at my wash-machine, a Cabrio whirlpool which is approximately a little over 2 years old... Jim just moved the inside tub around and said that the two tubs were stuck together...he then proceeded to run the washer.
The washer ran but made funny noises, he told me it was because there was no water or wet clothes in the spin cycle ... Jim then told me a story about his personal experience with Cabrio whirlpool wash machines and how they commonly have this problem with the two tubs getting stuck together.
He got rid of his own machine because of this common problem.
Jim did not open anything, not even the computerized board to see if it had any other problems!!
He basically barely touched the machines and after 10 minutes if that , he tried to collect $120.00 for the service fee.
Very dishonest company even after we had discussed the fee as HWA had told them it would be $60 for both appliances ( same service call cost) Two days later HWA tells me that buy/ rite appliances is claiming that I abused the wash machine, that it's leaking, that the computer board is not working, which is all false...
The computer board is working......I'm not a appliance service or an expert but I can tell you that the computer board is working as Jim was able to run the wash machine!!!
As for my Kitchen Aid dishwasher the same company said I did not maintain it because there is a little dishwasher gel dried up in the soap dispenser.. well yes of course a little gel dried up as I could not run the machine..I've enclosed pictures of my  "so called abused and non maintained machines" that look almost new to me and quite well maintained..I have never abused or not maintained any of my appliances as I have paid a pretty high price for them...I can not believe that this can happen to me as a Realtor in Las Vegas who refers HWA to my Real Estate clients!!
I am extremely disappointed and angry that Buy/ Rite appliances is making false reports & they are dishonest...their company doesn't fix anything,the service guy barely touched anything...he did not do a proper service call...Yet HWA doesn't seem to question the company or want to fix my appliances.....there is no such thing as abusing a machine just by using it to wash clothes or dishes.I am taking this to social media so people can see my pictures of what buy/ rite appliances and HWA are calling abused or non maintained machines...companies like this are taking advantage of people and this needs to stop......
If they had minus 10 stars, that's what i would rate them.
PEOPLE BEWARE THIS COMPANY IS A SCAM..

