Very honest people to deal with.
Arrived in LV from LA and our Civic's transmission started acting up.
Took it the next day to AAMCO and they looked at it immediately, told us it was a stuck solenoid and that during the test drive it unstuck.
They did not charge us.
They did not  take advantage of out of towners.
Met a lady waiting for her car.
She has taken her car to these guys before.
She says they are the best, honest and very fair in price plus they do excellent work.
Wouldn't hessitate to have these guys work on our car.

Scott the owner is awesome!
I broke down 25 miles outside of town in early April on my way to a convention.
This was a Saturday when this happened, I got my van in the gate and left it.
I was sooo busy with the convention I forgot to call on Monday, called on Tuesday, and spoke with Scott, he had already done an assessment of the problem and recommended I check to see if it was under warranty from the other Aamco center in So Cal, well it was not.
I was 3 weeks from moving to Vegas, explained to Scott that I would have it towed out and will bring it back when I had the money.
He told me not to worry about it, I could leave the van there, he would not charge me for storage fees.
It took me 5 weeks before I could get him any money.
He fixed the van with in a week of me giving him $1500.00, with a total bill of $2250.00 he worked with me, I got my van back and am making the last two payment over the coming weeks.
This is what I call Awesome service.
I would recommend for anyone to go see them, they do all auto repair except tires.
Thanks Scott!

As a shop owner in another part of the country I was introduced to this Aamco by their customer who lives close to me.
We were able to make a minor adjustment and solve their problem.
Now with a customer of mine in Las Vegas I am pleased to report they are cheerfully giving good service to my customer who has a concern while on vacation there.

This is the only shop I will take my vehicles to.
They are friendly, empathetic, honest and always willing to go the extra mile.
I cannot recommend them enough, I can only urge everyone to give them a try.
I once took my car to another shop (see my Auto Tech review), only to be swindled.
Aamco came to the rescue and saved me $800.

Found these guys on Yelp.
I called and spoke to Kyle.
He was friendly and professional.
He said his next appointment was 1 week out.
He took my information and did  not seem rushed on the phone or the typical "just bring it in" answer - you know how that turns out..
I asked him if they could drain and fill my trans with SP III fluid.
He quoted me the price that was half of what the dealership wanted.
I thanked him and hung up.
Just to make sure, I called the day before my appt.
to confirm the location and Kyle remembered who I am and what needed to be done to my vehicle.
I got there on the morning of my appt.
and man, I have to say that place has a lot of business.
They were busy but took the time to talk to their customers and make them feel comfortable.
He quoted me 2 hrs, to complete which is understandable.
I left and got a call about 45 mins later stating it was already done.
When I went to pay, he came in a few dollars less than the estimate.
I can see why they are so busy.
They  WANT your business.
They understand the need to keep the customer satisfied.
Highly recommended!
Thanks, Kyle and staff.

As far as auto shops go, these guys are my go-to.
They are so damn good, they belong to the BBB and have TONS of thank you cards,notes, and letters all over their walls.
We stumbled on them looking at reviews before YELP was out, so now I can return the favor!
They are fair, prompt, friendly, and a family business.
Love those guys.

This Aamco is the BEST!!!!
Real deal honest, reliable trustworthy mechanics!
These are the guys that you tell your friends and family about knowing that they'll thank you for it.
I have recommended THIS LOCATION of Aamco Transmission to many, many people over the years and they have never come back with anything less than glowing reviews.
Last month I got an amazing deal on an Explorer because I took it to Steve before purchase and he let me know that the noisy problems it was having were easily and inexpensively fixed.
It runs beautifully now!
Quiet but with more power and better gas mileage.
Seriously what more can you ask for?
Oh yeah!
They checked it out for free!
I have a vehicle now that I never could have afforded without their guidance.
Thank you Steve and Scott!!!
By the way in all the years I've been to see Scott at Aamco he's never been less than caring and attentive, even when I'm being a bit of a pain ;) This is a quality establishment!
Check it out for yourself and you'll see that I'm right!

GREAT service; fast diagnostic and friendly people.
I was in town on vacation when my check engine light came on.
I called on Saturday morning at 10am and they said to bring it in for a free diagnostic.
I arrived at 11am, and by 1130 they had diagnosed a fuel mixture error, probably caused by crap gas I purchased at a truck stop.
They reset the error code, clearing the check engine light.
I paid with only a handshake and a sincere thank you, since it was just a diagnostic on the engine light.
Las Vegas Cadillac quoted me $125 to diagnose it, so yay for Aamco's free service.
I've filled up twice since the visit and the error light has not happened again.
Thanks guys!
Hopefully the positive yelp will offset my free diagnostic.

This Aamco is the best!!
The place is family owned and operated, when you call Scott, Pam, or Kyle will answer the phone and they will do anything they can to help you out.
I have taken my car here several times and they always have fair prices and an honest demeanor.
One time I took my car there and they drove it around for an hour trying to get it to repeat what it had done to me, it wouldn't and they didn't charge me a thing!
Name another car shop that would do that.
I seriously love this shop and would recommend it to anyone!
It is definitely out of the way from my house, but worth it all the way.
Thanks so much guys!

I only trust two places with my vehicle and my GF vehicle.
It is either Southwest Bimmers, or AAMCO (this location only)  Impeccable staff, amazing customer, and guess what??
they are not there to rip you off!!.
Kyle, Pam and Scott are one of a kind team.
Family managed and owned, this shop shows how you can do a great  job, make money and keep your customers happy.
For example, last time we went to get a full service , everything that was needed and Kyle told us, everything looked good and there was no reason to spend that money.
I was stunned to see a shop doing that, saving me money!!
telling me the truth!
incredible!
The prices are super competitive, the service is outstanding, the turn around of repairs is awesome.
I honestly couldnt be happier with them.

I fixed my truck there few years back, it took three trips to fix the same problem the first time.
Now My truck ended up getting a new axle, because they did not do it right last time.
The break job they did also sucked, the breaks only lasted 3 years and 20 thousand miles.
Don't get scamed here.
find a local repair shop.

The only place we will take our cars.
Honesty at a car repair place is hard to find, but we found it.
These guys are the best!

I have visited my daughter in Vegas for years.
I drive from California.
Three times I have needed car repairs before returning home.
Scott the owner has always diagnosed my car problem with accuracy and the price has always been fair.
He is  fast and knows I will be traveling back so makes sure all is okay.
I wish he was here in Ca.

Great shop.
I am completely satisfied with the work, the price was reasonable and the customer service great.
Will definitely come back.

Kyle, John and Steve the best!
After my vehicle being misdiagnosed from Purrfect auto at 2005 Decatur, and them trying to charge me nearly $400 in repairs,  Aamco looked at my car TWICE and said to run a tank of good fuel in it,  (Yes I had bought cheap fuel!
) tsk tsk :)  and then if you still have a problem with your o2 sensor we will address it then.
Cost of looking at it twice- $0   Earning a loyal customer guys- Priceless!
Thank You!
Very professional and they seem to realize that I will have cause to need a mechanic in the future and they have earned my loyalty!
I've already referred them to my neighbor!

Car Repair Shop?
Honest?
In Las Vegas?
No Way!
Yes Way!
These guys are the most honest helpful responsive auto shop I've ever had in my life, and I've lived all over the US!
I've taken my car there a couple of times and both times they did a fantastic job at a great price.

Spectacular customer service.
Spectacular honesty.
Spectacular work.
Great prices.
Allow me to explain: When my Crown Vic P71 tranny ground to a halt in Las Vegas after driving in from L.A.
I had no idea where to take it.
I read the reviews of THIS AAMCO and decided to give it a try.
Fantastic choice!
Scott gave me a rather instant diagnosis ( a rebuild) and called me 3 hrs later to give me the full skinny.
The car had thrown a fuel pressure and a fan relay error code and I was telling him to go ahead and fix those problems as well but he cut me off and told me not to worry... he thought they were both erroneous.
I got him the car Monday afternoon and told him the sooner they could turn it around  the better as I didn't wan't to run up a big hotel tab.
He said the car would be ready the coming Sat or at the latest on Monday.
As it turned out, they had the car ready to go Friday afternoon.
About 3 1/2 work days for a total tranny rebuild.
Fast.
When I checked up on the car the day before it was done, again I encouraged Scott to think about working on the cooling system as the car did overheat briefly before the tranny died.
He told me he would definitely check it but was sure that the radiator temp spiked only because the transmission cooler lines routed through the radiator and the dying transmission probably overheated the car (he was right as it turned out).
There I was marooned in Vegas and the shop knew it (california plates and telephone number) and if they had said to me, oops.
we gotta do the radiator and the fuel pressure system because of those error codes I would have had little choice.
Bottom line, the rebuild came in $100 less than the estimate ($1400) and a day early.
I drove the car home at 80 mph and it shifted like new and at just the right shift points (this is a 2008 Police Interceptor) and it ran cool even up the high Baker incline with the A/C on.
The good news is that this shop does all kinds of other repairs, not just trannies.
I'm planning to bring my Vette up there in the next month or two just to have these guys do a bunch of catch up work.
I have been to dozens of auto repair shops in 45 years of driving and have never found a place that inspired so much confidence.
You should have no second thoughts.
P.S.
If you had told me that I would be praising an AAMCO I would have said you were nuts.
But this one and I suppose the others are individually franchised and this one is a total winner.

These guys are always helpful and you will never get bad service from these guys..
When you go in ask for Kyle.

The best hands down I've ever experienced.
Customer for life now.

My transmission light started raging when I was off roading in Pahrump.
I was visiting from Los Angeles and was ready to go home.
Talk about bad timing.
The only reliable place it seemed was in Vegas, and an Aamco to boot.
I drove all the way into LV, sweating the whole time wondering how long was I going to have to stay now, $$$$, etc.
I pulled in to the Aamco and walked into the office and it looked like Best Buy on Black Friday.
Phones ringing, commotion, an overly busy environment.
"I'm f@%#ed" I thought.
A gentleman asked me behind the counter how he could help me (it's been two months so of course I forgot his name by now - Mike, Scott, Steve, Dan?).
I explained my transmission light was on, etc.
He said they were extremely busy (which was definitely obvious) and could I bring it back tomorrow?
I said "I wasn't planning on staying the night, I wasn't local, I was visiting from LA...." and he saw I was hesitant but willing to stay if I had to.
He immediately got up, asked for my keys and said "Let's go check it out".
He popped the hood, started the car and ran a bunch of tests.
He said nothing seemed to be out of line, the computer was reading a fan belt or timing belt problem (or something like that) but there was nothing wrong with that either.
He said he thought my car was just hot and turned off the transmission light.
I asked "are you sure?
" because I had visions of my car exploding on the 15 South on my way back to LA and them finding my charred remains whenever there is something wrong with my car.
He was quite positive.
I offered him some cash which he refused no matter how hard I insisted.
He refused my money although he dropped everything in that s**t storm that was happening in the office just to help someone out.
Places like this don't exist anymore and I was taken aback - I wish I lived in Las Vegas again just so I could have someone reliable to work on my car - great place!

Good and honest people I have been using their services for the last 7 yrs and I recommend it to my friends with no let down.

Came in to get my differential mount changed out.
My usual place quoted me $500 to get it fixed.
Here at Aamco, they roughly estimated it anywhere between $250-$550.
Ended up paying $218!
Honest, reliable, friendly, professional, knowledgable and very accommodating.
Will always come back to this place for any of my car needs and will definitely recommend this place to everyone.
Kyle was awesome!

Go here, go here, go here.
The people are friendly fast and knowledgeable.
I had my 2005 Corvette in for a job that the Chevy dealer was quoting me a range of $2000 - $7000 for.
They did the work with upgraded parts for $557.
The car runs better than new.
I am one happy camper and will be back if I ever need more transmission work!!!

So...  the transmission in my 2006 Jeep Commander was not shifting as it should.
Fearing the worst, I Yelped "transmission"  With great reviews, I decided I had nothing to lose and stopped by the shop.
The owner and her and son greeted me with open arms as I walked in the door.
In a matter of 15 minutes, a mechanic came out, drove my Jeep around the block, did some diagnostics and told me exactly what was wrong.
It was not the transmission, rather a speed sensor that tells the Jeep when to shift.
They quoted me a price, I left my vehicle with them that afternoon and it was ready for me to be picked up at 10am the next morning.
The job paid 2 hours, the part, new transmission fluid and a filter and they charged me exactly what I was quoted, $430...
I also learned that they do other vehicle repairs with the exception of tires and smog.
I will definitely be back for all my automotive needs.
Their Customer service was impeccable!

Now I know why they are a yelp 5 star shop!
My fiancé and I have a 7.3 diesel truck and our transmission was in need of service.
Some friends recommended Todd the tranny technician over there and when I first walked in I was greeted by Scott.
Scott was such a nice person and easy to talk to and he deserves 10000 stars for his customer service.
Coming from an automotive industry myself as a general manger, I know first hand how you should run a successful business and this business is it!
The reason why we brought it here is because my company does not specialize in transmissions so I rather take it somewhere that does.
Not only the price was great, but they got our truck done in a time they promised and that is very important.
Our transmission needed a complete rebuild and we knew we could trust Todd in doing so.
I plan on doing more business with them.
Oh and on top of it all...
They have a nationwide warranty!
I highly recommend Scott and his technicians for any repairs you need.
Especially for transmissions.
Thanks guys!
Transmission shifts great!
We can't wait to tow!

I chose this shop based purely on Yelp reviews.
After years of dealing with dishonest shops, dealerships and big name chains, it is refreshing to find a family owned business who delivers honest, quality work.
I know my car (I've had to learn, being a woman and all).
I bought an Oil Change special online (3 oil changes for $25) and took my car in for a routine oil change at the dealership that offered the service.
I waited TWO hours for the oil change to be done (that's with an appointment) and then was told I needed a new drive belt (which I already knew).
The dealer wanted $280 to change the belt.
I laughed and went on my merry way, knowing I could do the work myself.
He told me of some other relatively small issues that I fixed myself after he wanted to charge $400.
After purchasing a new belt for my car, I realized that the transverse engine, and my feminine lack of real muscle, would cause some trouble with the actual labor of changing it myself.
Thanks to my freshly downloaded Yelp App, I searched nearby mechanics and came across Aamco.
I read through every review and gave Scott a call.
They were booked up, and I had to schedule my appointment for the following week, but I was completely ok with that!
The Harvey family owns and operates the business and I can tell they take great pride in what they do and what they stand for.
I was litterally in and out in less than 30 minutes and was only charged for the labor since I brought my belt with me.
I will definitely be a repeat customer and refer friends and family to this shop!
Thank you Aamco!

Awesome customer service.
Family ran.
Kyle was good at taking the sting off of a rebuild that was badly needed.
The owner Scott explained everything in detail and was attimate about  making sure I was happy and the truck ran great.

Was referred here by a mechanic friend, and this place is the bomb!
Scott the owner was at the front desk and a great guy to talk to.
I went in to inquire about preventative Transmission fluid change and he told me honestly you don't need it.
Wait til you do, then come back.
Sent me on my merry way for a cost of a firm handshake.
They're a full service shop, so they do all the other regular mechanic stuff in addition to transmissions, and their staff looks pretty sharp.

Read the perfect scores, this place is no joke.
I had my 2003 BMW Trans (ZF 5HP24) rebuilt here.
In summary, no matter how you cut it, there was no possible way to have it done at a better price, with professional courteous service and best of all, a warranty.
I got one heck of a deal on a quality rebuild backed by a national name.
Even had I bought a junkyard transmission, and paid for a drop in the pricing would've been close to what I paid for a fully rebuilt, guaranteed transmission.
Anything goes wrong?
No hassles.
You won't be disappointed in the service, pricing or quality.
I'm astonished, frankly-  never seen a scenario where it was actually CHEAPER to have them do it then to try to swap it myself- until now.
Best decision I ever made was to come to this shop for trans work.
Thanks to everyone at AAMCO.

