Have always had love having fish in my home.
In an aquarium.
They provide therapeutic human elements and is beneficial for overall health bringing calmness.
Research have found it good to lower stress, tension and increase calm.
Watching fish & marine life increases attention, alertness and relaxation.
Not that I have need for such benefits, but I always liked marine life!
This store I have found to have air pump, filters, aquariums of different sizes, aquarium decor, and other aquarium maintenance needs.
Fish food and fish medicines are also available.
Most of all they have turtles, parrot fish, plecos, goldfish which I love.
The turtles are beautiful in different colors.
There are "baby turtles" in the aquariums,too.
Usually an addition of corral makes a beautiful aquarium except the water should be salty!
"Open Brain" corral is beautiful in its purplish red and green color tones.
"Torch Corral" nicely undulates in the water is another favorite of mine.
Many more corral life and clams can be found in this store that looks clean and constantly cared for by its staff.
The store staff are helpful if you have any questions or needing product or information.
The scent of aquatic life in the air but not overpoweringly odoriferous.
Accessible aisles of three rows of aquatic life in display aquariums are well-lit for your viewing pleasure to aid your discriminating selection.
As any living creature, expense is determined by your acquisition.
Store opens Monday-Friday  10:00a.m.
-7:00 p.m. and Saturday-Sunday from 11:00 a.m.-6:00 p.m.

Fired chunches therapeutic so good fishes in an aquariums of any size.
4 stars.This LFS is awesome!!!!
(702) 791-0888  4725 Spring Mountain Rd  Las Vegas, NV 89102  This store by far exceeds expectations when it comes to freshwater exotic fish and salt water corals.
These people working in this store are very informative and experienced.
They have Bi Lingual spanish employees that have knowledge and skills to serve anyone.
These guys are always very patient and courteous to everyone.
This store also by far is the cleanest in town.
You never see dead fish or dirty tanks.
They are always maintaining there tanks.
This store is always open also.
They are open seven days a week.
It makes it very convenient for everyone.
Some of these stores cant compete with this store by far.
Thanks

This guy is full of shit he lies to get you to buy from his store the markup is double or triple the other fish stores in town and does not even give you a receipt for your purchase most of the time.
The store is cramped beyond comfortable the selection in freshwater is second only to trop aquarium.

This store is not one of the best in town --that's for sure.
Its cluttered and hard to walk through.
The corals and other invertebrates are way over priced.
On a good note, their fresh water selection looks more appealing than their saltwater selection.
Its nice to stop in once in a while to see if they have anything new--but usually its the same old-same old.

This store used to be right by the SF Market, but has now moved right across the street (Yelp listing address is the old one currently) to a new and bigger spot.
They were just at this new spot for about a week when I went to visit so the fish stock was still a bit low.
The one thing is a lot of the fish tended to cater to larger fish (like arowanas) than something more in line of what I am looking for which is for smaller tanks or to do much more diverse community tanks with.
They seem to focus on freshwater more than saltwater, which is a plus for me as I primarily am interested in planted freshwater setups.
I needed some live plants and they did not have any at this time.
The guys did approach us if we needed anything so they are at least friendly and engaging towards customers here.
Will be back once they are settled in to see what the full range of their stock will be like.

I have lived in Las Vegas for fifty six years off and on.
I have been an enthusiast of aquariums all my life.
The old store was claustrafobic, but the new store located right across the street is much improved.
I have had nothing but compliments for the store.
Petsmart & Petco remind me of puppy mills.
They carry the same stuff.
I don't agree with the negative comments, but everyone has the right to voice their opinions.
The fish that Lucky Fish have are seldom if not impossible to get at big box stores.
I will be a Lucky Fish customer for the rest of my life.
My chiclids, arowana's, datnoids, green terror's are not found anywhere else in Las Vegas.
Thank you Henry for your help and your wide and varied selections.
Keep up the good work.
Thank you !

My Plecco had outgrown the tank that I had it in.
Thanks to Lucky Fish he now has a new comfortable home.
Stop by Lucky Fish and check out Nevada's largest Plecco that I donated to them.

Smaller shop has closed, it had been in business 13 years and has a nice selection of fresh and salt water fish you can not find at the larger pet stores.
They moved down the street.
They will match any price of the bigger shops and they offer maintenance.
They have parts for your fish tank and can help with advice.
Moved location - better selection and equipment now.

the place is spotless, employee was very helpful, decent selection and prices seem fair.

Exceptional store.
They had plenty of what I wanted when other boutique stores in the vicinity had not for weeks, or their prices were double than what this wonderful fish store has to offer.
I am an intermediate aquarium 'enthusiast' (pretentious, lack of a better term...)----these guts are nice, informative, clean, and amazingly priced.!
These guys are my new favorite fish store.
Thank you for being you!!

Very good selection of freshwater fish and some saltwater corals.
Staff are friendly and knowledgeable, their price is also competitive and reasonable.
I prefer to support local business and get their professional advice instead of buying online or go to petco or bigger chain store.
They take care the fish as it were their own pet.

