Fabric Boutique is the first quilt shop that I visited on my recent trip to Las Vegas.
I arrived shortly after they opened, and the ladies working in the store were very helpful in finding everything that I need for a project I was inspired to make after seeing one of their panels.
The shop had many kits, including several other panel kits.
The shop also offers a frequent buyer's program, classes and a few Block of the Month kits.

I can't sew.
I have no clue what I'm doing.
Here I was taken under the wing of an employee of the store, who saw to it that I was taken care of.
I need to pick fabric for a quilt I was having made from my fiancées mother's wedding dress.
Turns out it not as simple as point and pay.
I needed to know measurements and that's where this amazing lady saved me!!
She looked at the picture I had of what the quilt would look like and she helped me pick a size, break down the measurements, and get all the fabric I needed.
I may never need to set foot in this store again, but I would recommend it to any crafter!!
She took her time and helped me to create a beautiful quilt to honor our family.
Unbeatable customer service, I was so thankful when we were done I gave her a hug!

Went to Las Vegas this weekend and before going I checked the web for quilt shops in Vegas.
The Fabric Boutique had great reviews so we thought we would give it a try.
OMG awesome shop!
There was every project imaginable.
From Christmas to Halloween you name it they had it.
The best part of the trip was Carol she cut our fabric and was the best.
We felt that we had been going there for years!
Thank you for the great customer service and friendship you provided in your shop.
We will be back!

I love this store.
Great fabrics.
Awesome Sales Lady.
Just an all over great vibe.
She was busy cutting fabric when I walked in but still said hello and said she'd be right with me.
I will go back.
And she even told me about wed. special.
Thank-You

The ladies here were really nice.
They ship stuff home for you.
So, if you are on vacation here there is no excuse for not stopping.
This place has more sample quilts than I've ever seen in a quilt shop.
I got a lot of inspiration just looking at them.

