This is the place for a MIGHTY FINE blueberry pancake breakfast.

Blueberry Hill is by no means a dining destination and still I have chosen it for my 600th review.
In fact, I'd say the food here is forgettable at best.
And yet I give the Hill five stars because of the absolutely stellar treatment they give my elderly grandparents.
My grandma and grandpa eat here at least once a week; they take a lot of their food home as leftovers and they have a variety of special requests.
Yet, none of this seems to faze the friendly folks at Blueberry Hill (who greet my grandparents by name and know which tables they like, and make sure to seat them there).
Every appeal is met with a smile, which I have seen firsthand when I visit the restaurant with my grandparents on trips back home.
It warms my heart every time I walk in this place.
So many people treat older folks with disdain, I'm glad this establishment doesn't.

The last time I went, the service was horrid and the waitress was rude.
But still, it's a great place to go for breakfast!
I'm also a fan of the monte cristo sandwiches they serve.

Blueberry Hill makes me laugh because of a conversation my friend once heard between a man and two...uh...ladies of the evening that were seated behind her at 2 AM at one of their fine dining establishments.
"Girl, your breath smells like goat MEAT!
" said the man, to which one of the women retorted, "I'm gonna punch you in the NECK!
"  That secondhand exchange is why Blueberry Hill gets 2 stars, otherwise it would be 1.
Dingy and with poor service, not even their limp, 'specialty' pancakes can make up for the horridness of the rest of their menu.
Take me to Denny's, please!

On a Sunday morning, this place is warm and inviting, even with the video poker and slots at the entrance.
But this is Vegas, after all.
The coffee was a mild brew, easy on an empty stomach while reading over the hundred or so number of breakfasts.
I asked Suzie, a sweetheart of a waitress, what she recommended for a First-Timer.
She swore by the pancakes.
Still, I went with a basic spinach and swiss omelet, complementing this with a side of pancakes.
When the food came, I thought the table would tip over from the size of the portions.
The omelet practically hung over the edges of the plate, and the "side" of pancakes towered like a mountain as whipped butter melted along the surface and down the sides.
But every bite revealed a refreshingly airy quality to the food.
I was so intimidated at first, but in fact the eggs and batter were whipped up just right so I didn't have to be rolled out to my car.
Oh, and for you and your fogies, there's a discount for peoples 55 and over.
Remember that this Sunday when you want to say "Hey, Dad.
You know what?
Let's get some pancakes.

I thought this was a little family owned place but later find out it's part of a chain.
Oh well, it wouldn't have changed my rating but may have swayed me not to go at all.
The food is okay.
They are generous with the portions.
My problem was I kept expecting to be wowed.
I may have to go back and give it one more chance.
I had expected more since a co-worker raved about it.
But discovering people's tastes can help you better gauge their understanding of what tastes good.
Lesson learned.
Overall, it's a good sized restaurant with a friendly staff is nice.
Good price for so-so food.
But you can probably find better.
homemade yelp anybody?

Why the heck would you go to IHOP when you could come HERE??!?!?
I've only been here late at night and it gives this creepy/killer Bob from Twin Peaks is at the other table kinda vibe but I don't give a damn.
The food is great for an excellent price.
I don't think you can compare the quality of pancakes between here and IHOP.
There is no contest.

Every time I've been to the HILL, I've tried something new.
Breakfast, lunch, and dinner - all served 24 hours a day.
The breakfasts are awesome, 10x's better than IHOP.
Huge portions, cheap prices, good food.
What more can you ask for?
Well, I'll tell you.
Service.
The staff at the HILL are great.
Even though the restaurant is huge - you get that truck stop, small diner feel.
The waitresses are friendly, quick to acknowledge you, and never let your cup get empty.
And the bonus?
Every half hour this bell goes off.
Its a reminder for the staff to wash their hands.
COOL!!

I don't think there's a bad dish at this restaurant.
I've been here countless times for what I consider the best breakfast in Vegas.
The menu is huge and the prices are low... never paid more than $10 for food here, and always leave stuffed.
Even tried a couple lunch dishes and was not disappointed with the quality or the portions.
I wish this place was walking distance from my house and not 6 miles away!!

Everytime we come to Vegas, we come here at least once.
The service is great and everything we've ever ordered has been amazing and left us barely able to walk back to the car.
The boyfriend got potato pancakes this morning that nearly burnt his throat they were so fresh but he claims it was worth the pain.
I got an omelette that never possibly could have been finished by a single person.
Ok, maybe that's not true, but I surely would have felt like vomiting if I had eaten the whole thing.
I also have fond memories of the blueberry pancakes and a pecan waffle of some sort.
If I recall correctly, I think I really wanted to drink the syrup that came with the pecan waffle.
Yes, it was that good.
Leave the strip.
Go drive way far away to blueberry hill because the time spent eating and the nap required after will kill enough time to keep you from losing all your money at the blackjack table.

food ~ four stars service ~ negative stars?!?
this is a definite in late night or next morning eating!
i am a total omelet freak and theirs are for sure at the top of my list!
it's terrible because every time i eat here, i find myself so painfully full because their portions are so big.
then i feel awful not eating all of my de-lish omelet!
:-/ ahhh what's a girl to do?!
i mean you can't take an omelet to go... that just doesn't work?!?!
eh.
i do have a complaint though... this last weekend the service was awful!
i don't know if my friends and i were just having one of those days where no one wanted to take our orders or be attentive but the server was nowhere near on his game.
then after we were done eating we were all sitting there chatting and telling jokes when some guy who worked there asked if we were paying with credit cards.
when we told him yes, he proceeded to tell us we needed to pay now because he was closing the terminal down.
ummmm ok?!?!
wtf... isn't this place 24 hours?!?!
so we got up, paid and got out.
we left happy with our food but really unhappy with the lack of any sort of service!

Blueberry Hill is a Las Vegas staple and for good reason.
Open 24 hours a day, you can always find great food served in giant sized portions.
Although there are several locations across the valley, I have always preferred the one on Decatur for two reasons: it was close to my house and I liked the wait staff, especially after stumbling in at 2AM after a night of revelry on the Strip.
Although they serve breakfast, lunch and dinner, in my opinion it is the breakfast dishes that steal the show.
For those hankering a carb overload, try the Stuffed French Toast or the Butter Cream Waffles.
Cream cheese, whipped cream, fresh fruit, powdered sugar....sheer bliss!
If you like your breakfast hot and spicy, the Chorizo Omelet will should do nicely.
Don't expect any sides with this baby, it's made with 4 eggs and is stuffed to the gills with chorizo, peppers, onions cheese, rice, beans and the kitchen sink if you want.
Although the prices have increased a bit over the past few years, you will be hard pressed to find a place that can match the quality, serving size or quick and efficient service that is found at Blueberry Hill.
FYI - If you are planning on going with the fam or friends on a Sunday morning, get there early or be prepared to wait awhile.
And yes, people WILL wait.......

famous for their 24 hour specials.
this family diner offers decent breakfasts all made from scratch.
prices are reasonable.
very busy on sundays there may be a wait.
service is a little slow but friendly.
lots of booth seating.
i'd stay away from the dinner menu-not so good from experience.
good breakfast

We enjoy Blueberry Hill the most of any restaurant in Vegas.
Yes, that includes all the high end places on the strip.
Sure, you can't get a filet, or garlic creamed spinach, or other typical high end items.
What you do get is first-rate breakfast and lunch items delivered by hard-working, pleasant wait staff at terrific prices.
Maybe the best pancakes I've ever had.
Large portions of fresh eggs, bacon, sausage, potato latkes, fluffy waffles.
Some mexican dishes.
Pure comfort.
Don't miss it when you're in Vegas.

Alright.
Bluberry Hill Round 2.
The first time I ate at Blueberry Hill I was pleasantly surprised by the portions and yummyness of the food.
This time it was all about living up to expectations.
I went with my pops and bro.
We stopped by for some grub before dropping me off at work and they continued up to the Bay Area.
I think I over hyped Blueberry Hill to my bro because he wasn't nearly as estatic about the place as I was.
Then again, he ordered meat loaf.
WTF!
Order breakfast at a breakfast place damnit.
Though, I guess he's not much of a breakfast food person.
I, on the other hand, love breakfast food and I ordered the Wild West omelet.
Hm, I think I liked the Combo omelet I ordered last time better.
Yet, the Wild West omelet definitely has a purpose.
It filled me up and had reserves for a small snack while I was at work.
I'm still enjoying Blueberry Hill but more testing much be done.

Overrated, ok service, very bland food.

This is the Golden Nugget from Chicago but in Las Vegas.
Perfect menu for standard American food.
The place is super busy all the time and you can have any menu item 24/7.
The staff all seemed in a good mood.

SERVICE:  I guess as soon as they know they're not getting a tip out of it, they don't care!
Here's my ordering experience: I sat at the bar, servers asked me if I needed help, but as soon as I said I was ordering " to go" they all ran and said "SHE'll be right with you" whoever that was.... She finally came to take my order 20 minutes later.
I got the Rum/coconut/pineapple waffle, then asked for their $6.50 special, it was supposed to be 3 eggs, 3 sausages or bacon, hash browns, and toast or english muffin.
Since I don't like sausage or bacon, I asked if I could have pancakes instead.
I've NEVER had a problem substituting sausages for eggs or pancakes, but she hesitated and said "yea but it'll be regular price not special price, which is $8".
Fine, not a problem, $1.50 more whatever, "Can I have the apple pancakes?
"  "yea that's $2 extra, and you only get 2 not 4"  That's fine too, then I said, " with english muffin please"   "Oh, no you don't get toast, because you're already getting the pancakes.
" then she turn around and left!
I had to yell above the noise just to get her back, "UH EXCUSE ME!
I thought the pancakes were replacing my sausage/bacon not toast!, PLUS I'm paying $4 extra for them.
"  She didn't respond and reached for an english muffin, and put it in the toaster without even turning toward me!
FOOD: Waffle: the waffle itself has a nice texture, but the toping is wayyyy too sweet and pie-filling-like, and the pineapple is not fresh, it's from a can.
not worth the $8.50.
Pancakes: they might as well call these "cakes" and not "pancakes"!
they have absolutely no texture or taste of having been on a griddle, I bet thy baked them!
each one is about 3/4 of an inch thick and fluffy/crumbly as hell!
If you like your pancake to taste like cake, then this would be your thing, but I prefer my pancakes to be just pancakes.
they are also too salty and have too much baking soda which makes them extremely tannic.
Their description also said that there were apples baked into the pancakes topped with fresh apple slices and compote (apple sauce), but there wasn't any of these things: no apple in the plain pancakes, compote was actually a jelly/custardy substance like in a bad apple pie, fresh apple slices were cooked apple chunks.
Hash browns: hash browns are supposed to be crispy, shredded potato, not chopped up, day-old, fettucine!
the 1 English muffin for which I was charged $1 extra: completely burned center with about 1/2 inch edible border.
Whipped cream that topped the pancakes and waffle: out of a can!
you'd think that a "family style" diner would whip some real cream, but no.
Eggs: plain old scrambled eggs, difficult to screw up.
the only thing that tasted as expected in this meal.

Have you ever wondered if IHOP was ever a quality restaurant?
Ever imagine that the original Denny's was a gem of a diner with food made from scratch and a loyal list of regulars who swear by the restaurant?
Well please wonder no more and just please stop caring because both of those restaurant are garbage and if they were ever good they still wouldn't match up to Blueberry Hill.
I got tipped off to this restaurant when I showed up 3hrs early at Simon's highly overpriced brunch and needed food immediatly!
The valet at Palms Place told me to check out Blueberry Hill and off I went.
Starting out the place looks like a typical diner, old lady waitresses, poorly dressed slobs and maybe some folks that just got out of church.
The thing is the menu is done very well and is full of imagination.
I was torn between three choices, chicken and waffles, apple chicken sausage and waffles or chicken sweet potato waffles.
I went with my servers recommendation and chose the apple chicken sausage waffle and a side of eggs.
The food in a word: fantastic!
They use Aidells sausage which is typically $7 a pack at the grocery store and a strong sign they are shooting for quality instead of using bullshit like most places (ie.
Dennys/IHOP).
The waffles topped with little cinnamon and accompanied with an excellent sweet whipped butter was great.
The sausage was excellent and perfectly matched the waffle.
The eggs while simply scrambled and served on a plate were also very solid, they chose to cook them in butter adding an extra kick that stepped up the eggs from typical diner expectations.
The meal was $10.50, $7.99 for the waffle and 1.87 for the eggs and was a great value.
I had to tip her 50% simply because it was a better breakfast than almost anywhere in Vegas.
4/5 stars because service is warm but overall ok and the decor is very early 80's pastel which kind of pissed me off.

So expensive for a coffee shop, I got up and left :P

The food is excellent really good for breakfast but service I think is tip specific  I went in by myself and the waitress didn't want waste too much time with me assuming I wouldn't tip well.
Thing is I tip well for good service and she got what she expected a basic 15% tip I will come back when I craving pancakes but now know what to expect when it come to the services

Family owned, small, delicious.
Pricey and poor parking  I've always known about this place and have finally gotten around to trying it.
Went after church so it was pretty busy with a line to the door, but it moved pretty quickly.
Pretty laid back and casual.
Food was a but pricey but worth it imo.
French toast as bomb, omelet was great and had nice sized ham chunks.
Funny we didn't try the pancakes, maybe next time, french toast a better choice at the time.
Hash was ok, just different and bland, they use flat slices of potato and parts were hard almost burnt while some was still soft, i guess some people like it that way.
I prefer smaller pieces cooked more evenly.
You might have to ask for jelly for your toast, they only gave me 1 strawberry and 1 grape when served, there isn't any on the table.
We sat in a 2seater so it felt very cramped to have anything stored anyway.
They leave the menus on the table against the wall, coffee cups, sugar etc.
Point is the caddy they use made me feel our food was gonna be hanging off the table.
But everything barely fit.
Pay on the way out.
I would def return for more french toast or to try the pancakes, but i don't go to breakfast places for dinner entrees, almost never.
:) Come here if you want a GOOD food change from ihops and dennys, and have a lil extra to spend.
Not bad though 2 of us cost under 30

Quite possibly the BEST pancakes I've ever had.
Not a huge obscene size, but a normal looking pancake that knocks your socks off!
We had other food there, but nothing even close to the pancakes!
Go there, order pancakes and be amazed :)

I had the experience that I'm sure a good majority of people have here in that I was recovering from being awake for two days straight taking in all of Vegas has to offer.
I was visiting a friend in Vegas and he had no hesitation in choosing a spot to eat.
Upon arriving I was struck by the down-home feel to this restaurant.
I ordered the Farm-Fresh Sausage Omelet and a side of 3 pancakes.
It goes without saying that these were the 3rd best pancakes I'VE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE.
I say 3rd, because there are better pancakes in this country but I truly believe they have the best ones in Vegas.
For insight into who has even better ones check out the rest of my reviews!
Overall, a great experience and a wonderful place for recovery.
Don't even consider Denny's!

Okay so your sitting there saying to yourself "Damn these are the best pancakes I ever had" right?
RIGHT!
and as much as you try to think of other pancakes..you cant?
right?
RIGHT!
Because blueberry hill has the most amazing breakfast.
The first time I visited BHFR I got the french toast, and the BF got the pancakes.
Watching him cut those cakes and spread them with butter..I decided to give them a try, and I thought to myself "I should have got the pancakes" but hey the french toast was awesome to.
The apple chicken sausage was pretty good, I like having the choice of either home fries or hash browns.
Because I'm a hash brown kinda chick...Dig!

Firstly- this blows Dennys and IHOP out of the water when it comes to 24 chains.
It's homemade and there is some love put into it.
I would give this place a solid 4 for the food on a usual night (see- it's not something I'd rate as a 4 for a daytime breakfast- it's just A-OK) , but today the service was a miss and my pigs in a blanket didn't really have pigs.
We were sat right away and a guy came to give us water and our drinks (not a server)....then we sat forever, and forever.
BF waved down a guy to ask if someone can take our order.
We then see him go get another guy and overhear their conversation that basically concluded that if we didn't speak up we would have never gotten an order because the guy didn't know there was anyone in his section.
Gee, drink guy or lady who sat us, maybe tell the server if he's on break or maybe if he wasn't on break and doing other tasks to check his section once in a while.
With the many staff we saw hanging out in the kitchen talking and hanging out or walking by us you'd think people would notice people waiting.
We got our drinks refilled alright after the server knew we were there.
BF got a Chef's Special- 2 French toast, 2 eggs and 2 sausages.
- pretty good and standard.
Mom in law got 2 biscuits&gravy w/ sausage and egg.
Light biscuits and the gravy was nice and chunky with sausage and mushroom bits.
Pretty decent.
I got Apple Chicken Sausage Pigs in a Blanket- good sausage and the pancakes were light, fluffy and moist.
Big hangup though- sheisty on the sausages!
I have standard sized pancakes and I open them and only a HALF of a sausage was in each pancake......so it only had  half the pancake covered and the other half a empty, lonely blanket.
(see picture) C'mon, most of the breakfast plates have more sausages than that.
I ordered the 4 pigs thinking like most places that offer that many make a smaller pancake or a oval pancake that can surround a sausage from end to end.
Better off getting a breakfast special so you can get pancakes, sausages, AND egg AND hasbrowns and maybe even some bacon or ham for the same price and wrap it yourself.
I just think for $8.50 I should at least get enough sausage for the pancakes.
Disappointing.
I know I don't feel well and am high off medication, but even I noticed that the tab was more than it should be.
(see picture) Just saying, check your bills.
It was tabbed at $39.38 when it should be $30.42.
Most places give you a electronic bill stapled to the original written pad, but here its totaled on the pad by hand.
Since it is just handwritten here by people there is a possibility of making mistakes.
The 2 stars is fair for this night.
It seems the raving reviews about the service is during daytime so maybe I will try a regular shift service...I know graveyard sucks, but c'mon it's your job to care and we just want to eat, pay for food and tip handsomely if you take care of us (my standard  20% for good, basic service, more for great service which I think is fair and generous) and go on home.

The breakfast here is very good.
I usually order egg white omelettes and one time I got egg beaters which I didn't like too much.
Hence the 4 stars not 5.
I just wish they would tell people if that's only what they have or if the chef working won't do egg whites.
Even after this I still have to give it 4 stars because they have the best french toast I have ever  had in my life!
I don't even enjoy sweets, but for some reason I wanted french toast and I'm glad I ordered it.
The crust is so crispy and the middle is so soft.
It was so perfect with the little butter that was on it and the warm syrup.
Texture and Taste was unbeatable.
I really don't see how they could make it any better.

Food was good.
I never had crepes so I wanted to try them.
They were good but I'm not a fan of the cheese that they stuff them with.
The worst thing about our first visit was we were seated by the bathrooms.
I will take the blame as I should have said when they were seating us that we would just sit at the bar.
The place was very busy and they had the other side closed.
I really don't appreciate being sat by the bathroom in any restaurant.
We will go back and give it another go.

love this place.. been to 2 of their locations.. great service!
huge menu!
great food!!
come here every time im in vegas!
love their blueberry pancakes of course.. huge steamy stack of blueberry deliciousness!!
their coffee is great too!!
also.. they are not only a breakfast spot!
they are open 24 hours!!
their prices are cheap for the portions!
and they have daily specials which are a steal!
love love love this place!

Came here with the hubby & my kiddo today for lunch.
I ordered the mexi combo plate so I could share with the little one.
It came with a taco, burrito, quesadilla and rice/beans.
It was fresh and filling but nothing to jump up about.
Hubby had the grilled cheese & mashed potatoes.
He loves that combo and was very happy with it even though it looked pretty lame to me.
Our server was ok but we did get harassed as we were walking in by some homeless guy..get this..he told us to eat at Omelet House..LOL Weird.

This is the place for a quick filling breakfast.
Its been years since we ordered anything other than the Mexican Skillet.
Its just coffee shop food, but its so good and filling, and the prices for what you get can't be beat.
I wish it were closer, but even if you just go to have a nice breakfast and hop over to Trader Joe's, its well worth it.

Blueberry Hill serves up completely average diner food.
It has it's purpose, though, and it makes great late-night or hangover food.
My chorizo "omelet" came out as more of a scramble, and only tasted "OK".
If you're looking for a local, family-owned alternative to IHOP that's still open 24 hours, this is your place.
It's a strange little restaurant, layout-wise, but on the plus side, they do have booths for odd numbered groups of 3, 5, etc...
The service was honestly just bad.
We rotated between 2 different waiters, and neither of them really paid us much attention.
To top off the misery, the guy at the cash register was one of the most pessimistic people I've encountered.
When my friend's credit card wouldn't swipe on the first try, he grumbled, "At lest you *have* credit...
Most people in the country don't!
"  Nice...  Blueberry Hill will serve in a pinch, but there have got to be better local 24 hour food options in Vegas...

I'm not much of a pancake person.
To me, they're usually a little monotonous in taste and there's always a little too much for me to finish.
I eat them last in big breakfast platters since I fizzle out halfway through.
Except for Blueberry Hill's Blueberry Buttermilk Pancakes, I can eat them ALL DAY.
They made me a fan all over again for pancakes!
I felt like a kid again where I couldn't get enough of them!
(However, I get the fresh fruit compote on the side - it's a little over-the-top for breakfast for me, very sweet and a lot of it.
)    Their french toast is also excellent.
All of their breakfast is a good standard.
Nothing spectacular in terms of seasoning with their potatoes.
The service is pretty good as well.
I've been once during the day and usually once every other week at 2/3AM.
It rotates between two different servers and they both are personable and attentive.
Once in a while I'll get the Mexican Sampler since a friend of mine suggested it to me.
I highly suggest you get it with chicken because the one time I wavered and tried it with beef I was quite disappointed.
It was greasy and not savory.
With chicken it's pretty decent.
Their marinara sauce served with the chicken parm and meatball sandwiches is a bit bland and boring, and they're very light with it.
I like to get a little extra on the side.
Also, they serve small waters and you have to request if you'd like a larger water, which is a little annoying.
I mean, come on, it's water, it's FREE!
Don't be stingy!

Seen a couple of these restaurants while driving around town and finally had the urge to have breakfast here.
Came on a Sunday Morning and noticed people constantly coming in and out.
We walked inside and the place had many tables and looked to be remodeled and updated.
Nearly all the tables were occupied but we managed to find a spot within 5 minutes.
Decisions..
Decisions:  Bonanza Special: 2 XL eggs, 2 strips of bacon and added 2 sausage links and went with 2 Buttermilk pancakes.
- (My girls order): She thought it was good and expected but the pancake was wonderful!
(The other was mine).
It only took one small bite for me to realize that the pancake was PERFECT!
Homemade from Scratch for decades and made with Tender Loving Care (TLC)!
Sweet Waffle: .."made from our homemade waffle batter with four secret ingredients.
" (new recipe).
- We experimented on this one and it wasn't that good.
It wasn't super sweet but had a decent flavor.
Waffle had a rubbery texture that wasn't appealing.
Stick with the pancakes!
Corned Beef Hash Omellete: corned beef hash with tomatoes, onions, green peppers and chunky breakfast potatoes.
I also chose to have hashbrowns with white toast to accompany it.
- Shredded corned beef along with all the "south of the border" additions made it a Great dish.
Not to mention filling.
Service was attentive and helpful, Pancakes were far better than any 'chain diner'  pancake I've ever had, Prices were okay and atmosphere wasn't bad.

Four stars for the excellent pancakes.
Ti seems to simple to do but so few restaurants do pancakes as well as Blueberry Hill.
The bacon and scrambled eggs were pretty average.
Service was good.

Waitress was nice but just our luck we were sat in front of the bathroom  and not five minutes later a sketchy man walked into the mens room followed by a sketchy woman.
After giving her the benefit of a doubt twenty minutes later I told a staff member and didn't do anything about it...
When they finally came out he was sweaty and nasty... Made us feel dirty.. Never coming back again... Food is not worth it.

Classic Diner food, a lot of which is made from scratch.
I personally love their blueberry pancakes the most.
You will never need an appetizer or dessert here.
Every entree you get is massive.

Best pancakes I've had at a restaurant.
They are fully homemade and HUGE.
I got the blueberry compote on top and they add lots of whipped cream.
Enough for probably 4 people.
Also got a side of hash browns which were better than average and the coffee was average.
The service wasn't very fast but it was friendly.
A little expensive, but if you have pancakes cravings try it out.
There was a ton of other stuff on the menu that looked really good.

We decided to trek out of our usual today and head over to the land of pancakes.
The parking was a little cramped, but that was probably because of the church bookstore next door.
We got inside and were seated right away.
I didn't like that the waitress brought us little cups of water, and no straws.
I prefer to drink out of a straw, because you never know where the cup has been.
After reading through their enormous selection, we both finally decided on fruit pancakes (she had blueberry, I had strawberry) and a side of potatoes.
Boy, was ordering the potatoes a horrible idea!
When the waitress brought out the food, my stomach flopped.
The portion size of the pancakes is incredible!
Four huge pancakes smothered in blueberry/strawberry compote, whipped cream, and real fruit!
Time to dig in...
The pancakes were AMAZING.
I had as much as my tummy could possibly hold.
The potatoes were average, and tasted pretty good with salt and smothered in ketchup.
Paired along with the coffee we had, I would say I am going to be full until tomorrow.
Extremely good pancakes, friendly service, and causal atmosphere.
A little on the spendy side for pancakes and coffee - we spent $14 each.
Sure is different during the daylight hours.
I usually end up here after a night of partying.
I will definitely go back!

My wife and I , being tired of the normal chain restaurants for breakfast decided to try something new.
My wife ordered the blueberry pancakes which were GI NOR MOUS... and very tasty.
I ordered the 4 3's which was  3 eggs , 3 bacon , 3 sausage and 3 pancakes and everything was delicious.
Up until the point we received our food our waiter was very attentive , but once we had our food , we saw the waiter once more , and he took my tea glass to refill it , vanished for 20 minutes and by that time i had finished eating and never even received the glass back.
Once he came back he helped all the other tables around us and completely ignored us.
It then took 15 minutes for me to track him down to just get the bill to leave.
VERY unprofessional.
The food 4\5 Service 2\5 if that.
We will be trying it again , but if service suffers , we will have to cross it off our list.

I love Blueberry Hill.
I came here with my boyfriend Don.
I ordered the 4 Chocolate Chocolate Chip Pancakes ($6.99) with coffee and Don ordered the chicken and waffles with orange juice.
The coffee was pretty good, but the oj wasn't fresh and at $2.39 a cup without refills, I don't think it's worth it.
We got our food.
The chicken and waffles looked pretty small, but that might be because we had chicken and waffles at Hash House A Go Go last month.
The chocolate chip pancakes looked so tasty and they had whipped cream on top to boot!
I didn't get to try the chicken and waffles, but Don finished them all without making any bad comments, to I'm assuming they were good.
The pancakes were freakin heavenly!
They were literally homemade from scratch and you could tell.
They didn't stiff me on the chocolate chips like some places I've been to either.
This is definitely one of my favorite places to get breakfast and it's a plus that it's a local joint.

$7.77 specials of a drink, soup or salad, entree, and then dessert is a great deal.
I will have to try this place again for their breakfast food.

Late night eats and homemade food.
Always a good bet.
Blueberry Hill has an extensive menu full of diner food and lots of friendly staff.
I almost always get breakfast when I come.
It's hard to find a solid breakfast place and this one fits the bill.
So what, it's a chain, but if you're in the mood for french toast at 2am, this is definitely the answer and you'll always be pleased.
Aside from breakfast, they have fantastic dinner specials, desserts and plenty of other delights to indulge in.
I have liked everything I've ever tried here.
I'll be back, as always.

Absolutely fantastic gem of a find.
Oversized, flavorful breakfast food.
Service was not so hot at 11pm, but the food was so good I didn't care.
24 hour.
They had non-breakfast food,  but I did not partake.

Blueberry Hill is THE spot...it's perfect for Sunday morning brunch (read- hungover breakfast ;p) and they have amazing food EVERYTIME!!
I usually order the huevos rancheros and the fresh fruit crepes, but the eggs benedict are good and their chicken and waffles rival those of Roscoe's.
All in all, Blueberry Hill is a hidden gem in the desert of Las Vegas.

We come here once or twice a year.
We used to be here often for breakfast, but that went away when so many more choices opened nearer home.
We go that once or twice now for dinner.
I had the Popeye chicken--a chicken breast with spinach on top covered with cheese.
My wife had their parmesan crusted chicken breast.
We both enjoyed our chicken, but I do wish they'd get some vegetable other than canned green beans.
Both dinners were on their limited time $7.77 menu.
For the price you get  soup or salad, dinner, drink, and dessert.
It can't be beaten!

Thanks to Yelp, my husband and I had an awesome afternoon breakfast!
After a Vegas night, we didn't wake up until 11:30.
Being able to eat a HUGE, delicious stack of pancakes after a night of...well...it's not important what the night was made of.
However, suffice it to say, the food was delicious, the coffee continuous, and the portions out of control!
When we're back in Vegas, we'll definitely be back to Blueberry Hill!
Next time, I'm getting one of those HUMONGOUS pieces of cake!

Yeah this is hands down one of the best restaurants to get a delicious, hearty and home cooked from scratch breakfast!
Like big portions?
Mmmmm me too!
lol  I had the denver omelette and hashed browns.
Easily on the list of mine for last meal on earth.
Pancakes mmmmmm yeah baby.
I love breakfast anytime of the day.
This is my spot when wanting to fulfill my breakfast needs.
Portions are big and hearty!
We all love that!
lol  I am only rating on breakfast as I have been here twice for that only.
I am positive without ever trying anything else on their menu that it is all pretty damn amazing!
I would be willing to bet my last ducket on that!
I love Blueberry Hill, I want to give the Owner a big kissy and give them an award for having a kick ass restaurant for me to enjoy!
I will be back soon...very soon!

Visiting vegas saw this suggested on yelp.
Big portions, great flavors, friendly staff, and at good prices.

Our breakfast experience was wonderful!
Delicious food and good service.
It did seem to be a lengthy dining experience, with quite the space between visits from our server, and delivery of courses.
That's my only complaint, and it's a tiny one.
Sometimes a long, lazy Saturday morning breakfast is wonderful.
Highly recommend.

I like this place.
It's simple, convenient and has alot of variety.
I ordered the chicken salad sandwich and it was really large and hit the spot.
Tuna Melt isn't bad either.
It's a typical diner with all the different options.
Beats Denny, IHOP, etc by a mile.
Open 24/7.

OH MY GOD the pancakes!
Okay...I visited my home of Hawaii last year and ate at Like Like Cafe on Oahu and they had the #1 best tasting pancakes I've ever had in my life.
I think this place amazingly comes in at a close #2.
And I've had a lot of pancakes.
They aren't dense and doughy.
They are fluffy, light, airy bites of delicious.
I had the blueberry pancakes as this place is called "Blueberry" Hill.
They are so good.
They threw a few cold blueberries on top that added a nice kick to the bites of warm pancakes.
I got the blueberry topping on the side as sometimes it's gross and too sweet.
This one was JUST right.
I loved it.
The apple chicken sausage was another thing I had to try based on others' reviews, but I didn't like it.
I'd get bacon.
I don't know about anything else here, but the pancakes are what'd I'd get if I ever go back.

Very unique indeed.
We are out in Decatur and found Blueberry Hill Family Farm.
Which was an interesting place to have breakfast.
What kind of bothered me was the parking structure.
Of course it has nothing to do with the restaurant, just not fond of the limited parking.
The restaurant itself seem to be an old pink building that still looks good.
Inside the restaurant had more of an older setting to it.
But it was a nice feeling surrounding it.
Immediately we were greeted and seated at a table.
The menu was already on the table and very handy.
Looking through the menu, it was unique and interesting.
But I'm a sucker for strawberry crepes.
It was during lunch time, so the wait was a bit longer then expected.
But the food did make up for it.
Great tasting and very fulfilling.
Nice staff, a bit slow when busy, but very sufficient.
Overall, this would be a good place if you're looking for something new, in an old fashion restaurant.
If you go through the menu, you'll  find it interesting and yummy.
Pricing seems very decent for this restaurant.
Sure enough we plan to come back and try more of it.

i always come in late night for an omlett!!
DELICIOUS.. also their cinnamon pancakes are bomb!
but -1 star because they dont cut their lemons correctly.. and they have the best french fries in the world!

Philly cheesesteak omelet.
4 xl eggs are you kidding me?
This thing is huge.
Fluffy.
Steak is grilled perfectly.
Bob got a veggy omelet and opted for the pancakes.
Three pancakes the size of a plate 3/4" inch thick each.
Figd they can't be good.
Boy a bad 2nd day to be low carb.
He said they were excellent.
So I tried one bite w one drop of syrup.
Hands down the best pancake I have ever eaten.
Fluffy, creamy, tender.
Perfect.

Huge portions for side dishes.
Got the gravy and biscuit side (one huge biscuit), and couldn't finish it.
Blueberry Pie was also good with a flaky crust.
Attentive and courteous staff.
Great 1:00 a.m. visit.

Some friends and I went to Blueberry Hill late one night and order a wife variety of entrees (steak dinner, pancakes, breakfast skillet, cheeseburger, and various other items).
Everything was very good and so cheap!
The steak was tender and cooked perfectly.
The pancakes were phenomenal (I had apple cinnamon).
The portions were large and the coffee was great, too.
Our only complaint was the service.
Once we got our food we didn't get visited by our waiter for a very long time.
We needed refills on our drinks and it took forever.
We couldn't even flag down our waiter to get help.
I recommend going for the food despite the service, but I warn you to be prepared for mediocre service.
You may want to order two of your drink (or a carafe) just in case.

I had a hankering for some pancakes at around 12:30 AM last friday night, so I got on my bicycle and rode the 5.7 miles down the road to Blueberry Hill.
The restaurant was in a fairly nice section of town.
I felt safe locking my bicycle there to a street sign in the middle of the night, so I thought it was very safe.
I went inside.
The restaurant was quiet, since it was so late, but it was also very clean, and the people working there were all very nice.
I ordered the chicken sausage pigs in a blanket.
It was OUT OF THIS WORLD.
These are the best pancakes I have ever eaten in my entire life.
The chicken sausage is delicious- it's one of my favorite things to buy from Whole Foods, so I'm so happy that they use it here at Blueberry Hill!
But these pancakes are killer!
They are gigantic and about a half inch thick.
Don't be put off by their prices.
When they say three pigs in a blanket, they mean three gigantic pancakes.
I brought home my leftovers in a box and ate them for three days.
I can't wait to try the rest of their menu.
So happy to find an amazing hometown diner here in Las Vegas!

follow up from my previous review.
we have been back twice since our original visit and service has been outstanding.
it could be due to going on sunday morning early before church let's out.
the food as usual excellent and even my wife is enjoying it ( she's not one for breakfast)   we will continue to bring friends and family from out of town!
until the next time

This is another great place for good breakfast.
It's good food, service is fast and efficient, and the prices are great.
If you are out late or get up early, this place is open 24/7 and has great service at any time.
The menu is round the clock and if you want a good piece of chocolate cake they got fresh made.

This restaurant is always great for a good breakfast in the morning, but if you decide to take advantage of their 24 hour service, be prepared for the slowest service on the planet.
The staff is always friendly but they are super slow at night.
The restaurant is "ok" when it comes to cleanliness, the best I can say is that they have the nicest smelling hand-soap ever.
The prices are reasonable but the quality is not quite worth the money.
As always, this will still end up one of my favorites because they are open 24 hours and I prefer them to IHOP and Denny's anyday.

I wish I could have tried a pancake.
I came here the morning/afternoon of the Las Vegas Rock and Roll Marathon on 12/04/2011.
I ate smart with a healthy breakfast of protein and some toast for carbs.
It was good and I was satisfied but I really wanted a pancake.
My fiance got chicken and waffles which looked very good and I would have loved a bite but before I knew it his plate was empty and I wasn't offered any.
It must have been a good meal.

It amazes me how much the quality of this restaurant have changed since the last time I ate here.
I remembered the 4am breakfast so awesome that I had to come back the next weekend.
But this last weekend was so disappointing!
First of all!
I hate big menus.
I sat there longer than I wanted because of all the damn pages I had to go through.
It was like reading a novel.
I was so confused on what I should get.
I ordered the egg benedict.
The hollandaise sauce was horrible!!!
It tasted like some type of gravy that was made out of pre mixed powder and felt like it was suppose to be used on chicken fried stake instead!
It was grainy, too thick, and bland.
Hash brown was soggy and chewy.
The only thing I liked was the whipped butter that was served with my toast, and that's sad when a condiment is better than rest of the dish.
My boyfriend ordered the classic omelet, and you can tell they use sliced fake cheese because it sticks to the roof of your mouth to the point where I had to use a fork to get it out.
Eww!
I really hate restauranant cuts corners and uses fake and preserves to cut on their costs.
Maybe I'm just really jaded when it comes to breakfast, but I'd rather pay a bit more for a good plate of food with amazing favors than okay price for plain food.
Blueberry Hill just did not deliver for me and I probably will not return to this or any Blueberry Hill.

Praise Jesus and Have a Good Breakfast!
The food was great.
We ordered chorizo and eggs and biscuits and gravy.
The chorizo and eggs was just right, not too greasy.
They make their own refried beans, and they were some of the best I've had in Las Vegas.
The tortillas seemed homemade.
The biscuits and gravy were delicious.
The biscuits were fluffy and definitely tasted like they were made from scratch.
The bacon was ordered extra crispy, and it was just that.
I was impressed with the large menu.
I am not a big breakfast eater, but I do love Mexican choices.
Their was a great variety from their  South of the Border selections.
The restaurant prides itself on being a "family restaurant" which is probably why they played Christian Rock and Christian Hot Adult Contemporary music.
Now, I am not really religious, but I wasn't offended.
It just seemed a bit odd.
It seems strange to have Christian music playing at the family restaurant that also has video poker machines.
The worst part about Christian music is not the message, but the fact that it is not good music.
I probably would have added an extra star if it weren't for this music.
If you hate Christian music or this quasi-proselytism, then this is not the place for you.
If you are able to look past this, then enjoy a great breakfast.

The food is good.
The blaring Christian music and Christian books for sale by the cash register are a bit odd considering they are steps away from the video poker machines.
I'm taking off 2 stars because of this.
##UPDATE## I mentioned this to the manager on duty and she changed the radio to a contemp rock station.
Not sure of it will stay this way though.

I love Blueberry Hill more than any other restaurant in the whole wide world.
It goes without saying that some of the food is lackluster, however, the quality is consistently good, the specials are tasty and usually a great deal (dessert included....yum)Chocolate cake....... Last time in there my server made the comment that dessert was his favorite part and it was fucking hilarious.
Breakfast at Blueberry Hill is a consistent 5 star worthy meal as well.
crepes, pancakes, skillets, its all great.
Go for breakfast and keep going there goddamnit.

The service at this place is awful but the food is good.
It's hard to keep going back to this place.
You walk in and the blonde owner or whoever she is just stands there and stares at you instead of seating you.
The wait staff is slow and doesn't check on you during your meal.
Then it's time to leave and you stand there while the blonde owner stands around chatting about how someone came to visit the restaurant today instead of ringing you up so you can carry on with your day.
Good food, bad service.
I guess whether you go or not depends on your tolerance for customer service.

My friends and I used to eat at the Blueberry Hill on Flamingo for years so, I was glad to see this location right next to my nephew's condo.
We got right in at 8am on Sunday, which was great because there was 9 of us.
One of my nephew's and I had the Short Stack with 3 sausage and I really, really liked it.
The pancakes were fluffy and the sausage were cooked perfect.
I still could not finish the Short Stack.
The pancakes are so big.
My hubby got the Blueberry Pancakes with bacon and scrambled eggs.
He loved it, the bacon was crispy and the scrambled eggs were fluffy.
There were blueberries inside the pancakes as well as blueberry compote poured over the top.
My niece got the Fresh Fruit Crepes and enjoyed them.
One of my nephew's got the Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs.
It was all gone before I could ask him how it was.
I must have been yummy.
My sister got the Waitress Special with Pancakes, which was yummy.
The kids ordered Smiley Face Pancakes which come with 2 pancakes and those suckers are big!
We should've only ordered one and had them split the 2 pancakes.

This is the exact reason why Yelp at times is not a credible resource.
You see legitimate users with legitimate reviews frequently get filtered, and you see 4-5 star ratings for restaurants that provide a low quality product.
For years, I kept reading on Yelp that "Blueberry Hill" has the "greatest hand breaded chicken fried steak in all of Las Vegas".
There was nothing true about that statement.
The chicken fried steak was nothing more than the processed precooked version that you get at Costco and Smart N Final.
All they do is reheat it and serve.
I was very disappointed on account of all the good reviews on yelp about how the steak was a "real sirloin that was hand battered".
The side salad was merely lettuce with 1 ring of red onion, served in a beaten up plastic bowl.
No tomatoes, no cheese, no croutons...nothing.
The Ranch dressing tasted like water mixed with mayonnaise.
The biscuit that came with our steaks tasted like garlic bread.
The corn bread that came with our steak never came out.
The server forgot to bring it out.
We never got it.
On a positive note.
The Buser was very hard working and made up for the poor quality service that the server provided.
The server was not rude, but she was very forgetful and never came around one time to check on us.
You need to flag down the server to get her attention.
The Buser compensated for the lack of service by coming around to refill our coffee and water.
The server was usually found sitting at the counter and reading a book.
When I asked the server for Tabasco, she forgot.
10 minutes later I asked her again and she finally got it.
When I asked the server for Jam, she forgot.
When I asked her for saltine crackers, she forgot.
She did bring out the check immediately though before we even touched our food.
In conclusion.
The bill came out quicker than the food.
The buser was the hardest working guy here.
The food was processed and low quality.
The prices were pretty high.
Yelp has failed us all.

I almost always come here when I come to Vegas, and normally I have a good time here.
service tends to be quick and speedy with a smile.
But this last time, OMG, I've seen molasses move faster than the server we got.
We were seated fairly quickly, which can be a plus, as this place usually has a wait.
But it was all down hill from there.
Our server took over 15 minutes to get to us before we could order our food.
Yes, order.
Then after that, it too even longer to get our food to our table.
When the food did finally get there, well, it was cold.
Yes, cold people.
I hope this is just a one time thing, but yeah...be careful if you get the "sweet old lady" as your server.

Had the chicken fried steak with a side of pancakes instead of the toast and hash browns.
The cakes are perfect.
They have a good texture on the outside with soft in the middle.
The syrup is corn starch syrup instead of real maple syrup, but that's okay.
I can eat these cakes with just butter.
The CFS is a deep fried variety with good seasoning.
They do serve it on top a a biscuit cut in half, so that was perfect with the gravy and egg yolk.
Good service.
Open 24 hours.

One of my Dad's favorite breakfast places.
The skillet breakfasts are quite tasty and filling.
Their corned beef hash is almost as good as what he makes from scratch on the rare occasion.
The wait can be long but if you are willing to eat at the counter you'll have your food in no time.
Friendly service!

My mom's friend recommended this place to us for breakfast, and compared to the prices on the strip it is cheap, but by 'home' standards it was an expensive breakfast.
Clearly it's a popular spot because it was packed, but since there were only three of us we got a table in about 10 minutes.
They err on the side of giving you a ton of food and charging a lot - there were not many entrees available that weren't going to be ginormous.
Service was friendly but very slow.
Since we didn't know what we wanted the moment we sat down, the server gave us 'a minute'...really she gave us 15 minutes before she came back.
Whoops.
The food was ok, better than Denny's or IHOP but nothing too exciting.
I had french toast and a ham & cheese omelette.
They did have a huge menu and lots of selections.
It's not a bad choice if you want to get away from the strip and have a cheaper meal than you can get there.
But I wouldn't go too far out of your way for it.

Great place for homestyle and basic breakfast!
It's like a Denny's on crack!

So me and my friend Traci P went here after wanting to try this place for weeks, we were all excited and hyped up until we sat down...  Where do i start?
So we look over the huge menu and everything looks so delicious after about 10 mins off looking i decided to order the Country breakfast which comes with Three eggs, three buttermilk pancakes, three bacon strips or three sausage links or ham steak, I choose the sausage links.
I ordered a coffee to go with my meal as well.
Ok so the pancakes were pretty delicious fluffy buttery goodness but how can you mess up pancakes?
The eggs were ok nothing fantastic and same with the sausage just average.
I felt I could have made made this exact same breakfast myself so that's why I was disappointed.
The service was not very good I ordered coffee never got a refill until I hunted down another waitress to get me a refill.
I also witnessed our waitress giving another table even worse service the table had been sat and was never brought there drinks until about 20 mins after being there the waitress comes up to them and says " oh how about them drinks, what were they again".
The table was not very happy with the service and neither was I and there was no excuse because the place was dead.
I probably wont be returning here again threes nothing real special about their food and the service is terrible.
Yes the portions are huge but who wants a huge amount of mediocre food?

Will not come back to eat here again (see previous review), but the BF has been on the quest to try all the pie in Vegas and this was one of the closest, convenient stops.
We took a whole cherry pie home out of the selection of 4fruit types and a few cream filled ones that were the selection of the day.
They have a more extensive pie flavor selection that they rotate, or you can special order with 24 hours notice.
It was a pretty decent, but standard American diner pie.
Enjoyed it, didn't love it, on to the next spot.
For a solid pie though, I'll bump up a star to A-OK.

ABSOLUTELY THE BEST OLD FASHIONED PANCAKES IN LAS VEGAS!
(maybe the world).
The Good: 1.
Extremely Friendly Staff make you think you are living in a small town.
Huge Menu of great tasting food.
Reasonable Prices and Great Daily Specials!
Open 24 hour (yes in a row too).
The Bad: 1.
It is a diner, so not a pristine place.
Recommend you take guests from out of town to this favorite of mine.
You cannot go wrong here!

Love this place!
My husband and I enjoy breakfast around the clock, and when I need some big fluffy pancakes, I head here!
I love this place!
Very affordable, generous portions, large menu!

This place definitely has a small town mom and pop diner feel to it complete with nonchalant staff.
After we were seated and served our food our waiteress was not really around much.
The menu has lots of options at very good prices.
The portions here are great.
I ordered a Denver omlet with breakfast potates.
Our food arrived hot and just as we ordered.
My omlet was great but, the potatos were sort of greasy.
Overall, not the best and not the worst.

I like breakfast but not here.
It's just kinda nasty and the quality of their ingredients is pretty low.

Turkey dish I ordered was on the salty side and really nothing to write home about.
I won't be back.

The food is so good and the portions here are large!
I loved the French Toast with strawberries.
Each omelette is made with four eggs!
The waitress was so nice and helpful.
The atmosphere is warm and inviting, You feel like your eating at a family members home.
This place is packed at times.
However, parking was not a problem.

My family and I love this place!
my husband, kids and I enjoyed breakfast almost all the weekends.
The pancakes and Guadalajara skillet are the best!
Descent prices!!
Friendly staff!!
GOOD FOOD!!

After many rave reviews from family & friends who said the food was great and portions were big, my husband & I visited at about 10 am on Sunday morning a couple of weeks ago.
I noticed when we walked in that there was NO atmosphere at all!
The place is very beige: beige tile going a third of the way up the walls, beige linoleum, etc.It reminded me a lot of a budget motel dining or banquet room.
Very generic and boring.
I was expecting a few pictures on the walls of blueberries or some country type pictures with a name like Blueberry Hill Family Restaurant but there were no pictures at all.
It was pretty busy.
The place was about 85% full.
After a couple of minutes, our server came over.
Didn't catch her name but she was friendly, upbeat and had a smile on her face.
After looking over the big menu, I had decided on two eggs sunny side up, hash browns, and a short stack of pancakes.
Hubby wanted pancakes too so after learning the short stack is three pancakes, we decided we'd split a stack: two for him and one for me.
Hubby also ordered a Denver omelet which came with either hash browns or chunky potatoes (his choice: chunky), and choice of toast (his choice: whole wheat).
We both just wanted water to drink.
After a reasonable amount of time our order came.
My hash browns, what little there were of them, were SMEARED onto my plate!
Not an appetizing display & it was the tiniest amount of hash browns I'd ever been served in a restaurant!
On a brighter note, my sunny side up eggs looked beautiful.
The pancakes came with hot maple syrup on the side.
After tasting everything, there was some good news but mostly bad news: the hash browns, not surprisingly from the way they looked, tasted terrible!
Greasy and the grease tasted OLD!
YUCK!!
The eggs were cooked perfectly although they had no seasoning on them at all which I easily rectified with the shakers on the table.
The pancakes were overcooked.
When I cut into them, the top layer separated from the rest and they were chewy.
If they'd just been cooked a minute or two less...  Hubby said his omelet was good and it was a decent size.
I tried his chunky potatoes which were good, not great, but markedly better than my hash browns.
The portion size of his potatoes was small too.
His toast was fine.
Our server never came by after we had tried our food to ask how things were.
We had to flag her down to get the check.
We were disappointed in our experience at Blueberry Hill, especially after hearing such great things about it!
We might go back one more time to try it again.
Maybe they were just having a bad day?
If we do, I'll post another review then.

Not impressed.
Ordered steak and eggs with hashbrowns and wanted biscuits and gravy but they won't substitute so I had to pay extra.
Got my order and it was cold and wrong.
Had to practical tackle a waitress to get more coffee or anything else we needed.
Then they were rude.
We were sitting in back near the waitress station and heard nothing but complaints and bickering.
They didn't seem to get along with each other.
I won't be back here.
I suggest gong to the Black Bear Diner on West Tropicana.
They are WAY WAY  WAY BETTER!
!!!!!

I think there is an ongoing trend with me..
I seem to love breakfast haha.
If you come here I highly recommend the chicken fried chicken breakfast... it is mmm mmm good.
The customer service is a bit lacking and some of the servers remind me of someone named Margette and Floe and no not selling insurance Floe.
Just saying the smell of smoke on some of the ladies is so strong its gross.
The coffee here is by far my favorite diner style coffee.

I needed to hit up a breakfast spot other than IHop or Denny's.
So I asked the locals where could I get some good breakfast and two people said Blueberry Hill on Decatur.
I love their pancakes and their french toast.
Our server Suzie was great.
She had a awesome personality and she made us laugh.

Good food, great service, open 24hours, and prices are great.
I don't think I've come here yet and been disappointed.
Today, I had the old fashion buttermilk pancakes.
They are huge, fluffy and served hot, the butter melts quickly and runs down the side.
I smother them in sryup and take my first bite.
It's everything I can imagine.
The flavors remind me of my mom's!
No kidding.
Every Sunday, we would get pancakes, and back in the day, they were made from scratch, and these were just as good.
Great breakfast, worth a trip and you know, I'll be back!

Blueberry Hill Family restaurant Decatur has gone WAYYYY down hill, the food quality is atrocious, the prices absolutely outrageous, and the specials are never available when you want one.
The last time we went it was at 6pm and they "claimed" to be OUT of the special only an hour into their dinner service?
Methinks not.
Never again will we attempt to dine at this establishment.

Great service, got in quickly, inexpensive, wide variety on menu, blueberry pancakes and biscuits and gravy.
All-inclusive dinner specials for $9 and kids eat for 99 cents.

This is the second time we have eaten here for breakfast when we've come to Vegas.
It's a little way off strip and the first time we came here it was a mission trying to find it.
I am sad to say that I don't think this place has the same owners as the last time we were here.
The food was mediocre, the pancakes were smaller, the staff was nowhere!
We waited for about 15min after we were seated for a waitress to even come over and inquire to our existence.
It was all downhill from there.
If it were for the fact that we were already very hungry, I think we would have probably left.
The pancakes were still good, light and fluffy, they just were the same.
Sad to say, just won't be going back.

Visiting Las Vegas, we went twice for breakfast!
Staff was always friendly and efficient, kept the coffee topped up.
Huge menu, great selections.
Prices are good and daily and late night specials are cheap!
A good choice for out-of-towners like us to get away from the strip.

I come here all the time with my boys and this morning my family.
I'm happy to bring them here for the first time, because the service and food is excellent, even late at night!

This was our first visit.
Having been New Years Day, many local places weren't open, and we didn't want to go to a chain breakfast place (ala IHOP, etc).
We liked seeing a few people go in and seem to know each other as well as the staff.
Regulars are always a nice sign for me!
The place is clean and basic diner feel.
Nothing to the blueberry hill...I thought it would have blueberries or be more 50's like the song.
Still clean and next to taste of food,  that's important when I eat out!
My husband had some kind of rancheros type thing I forgot the name in Spanish.
It was scrambled eggs with tortilla chips in them served with beans, rice, etc.
He said it was okay, and didn't care for the tortilla chips cooked in the eggs.
The salsa they served on the side was very fresh, flavorful and delicious.
I had the crepes with a cheese type apple compote inside and whipped cream on top.
It was so delicious!!!!
Our portions were very large and neither of us could finish them.
Service was pleasant and not too pushy.
I'm more of the European mindset of being left alone between receiving items and dislike when servers come over every 5 minutes.
They should keep an eye on you, but not keep coming over to interrupt if you're having a lively conversation and it's obvious we don't need anything (like some places I've been to)...this one was really casual with just the right amount of service.
My only suggestion is that they make gluten free pancakes too.
They advertise it's made from scratch so it's easy to substitute wheat flour with rice flour and a couple other tweaks.
That's the only personal downside, however the waitress suggested I send in some recipes and write the owners.
I think I will as this would be a nice place to become a regular patron of.
BTW - they are open 24 hours and their daily specials look pretty good!
I'll try lunch or dinner there sometime!

When I fist moved to Vegas, I'd always here from people to try Blueberry Hill because it's suppose to be delicious.
There's one near my house and it is always packed so I sort of believed the hype...but it was more like "eh"...The service was very lacking.
Besides being very friendly with my 7 month old baby, we rarely saw her and she didn't even refill my mom's coffee yet the table next to us had 5 refills.
The portions are overly proportioned and very worth the price you pay.
I had the strawberry pancakes which was more like a tower of pancakes and strawberries.
I didn't even eat half of it.
It didn't really taste good, it was bland.
I'd return to IHOP for my pancake fix in the future.
The kids menu has great options to satisfy any needy or picky kid.
Beware of the menu for adults.
I though Cheesecake was bad, this place is right behind them with all the options they have.
The hot cocoa came with whip cream and a chocolate chip cookie in it.
That's a nice touch.
But not in a hurry to return to this place...

I love breakfast anytime.
This place is great when there is really no where else to go.
I mean the food is great and the serivce even better.
Me and my daughter went on a hunt for some great cheap breakfast.
I found the great, but it is not so cheap.
Natalie had a stack of 3 pancakes.
She worked her way through 2.
I have to say these are so fluffy and warm with butter melting on top...Mmmm they are so good.
I had french toast with fruit and a sausege omlette with cheddar cheese.
This was great as well.
Everything was really well cooked and perfect portions.
Here is why they are getting -1 star.
The small apple juice, which is smalled than a 12oz can is $2.99.
Say WTF My total bill was $30.28  The server was really great.

OMG!!
We stopped here for breakfast out last day in Vegas.
It's probably a good thing it was our last day, or I'm pretty sure we would have eaten every meal here...everyday!
It was that good!
It was homestyle cooking at its greatest!
My husband had the bisquits and gravy, and I had the crepes!
Talk about amazing.
I don't even have words that can adequately describe how good it was!
This place may be the only reason I'd ever go back to Vegas.
When traveling, eating out can get old, but this place felt like you went to grandmas for breakfast.
I'm sure lunch and dinner were equally good!
Definitely give this place a try!

Went back today and tried the Tennessee fried steak.
It's not battered as heavily as the CFS and the meat is not as tenderized like the CFS.
The meat was very tender.
I enjoyed it and recommend it.
The sour dough is purchased locally and its got a good flavor.

I love this place.
Pancakes and french toast are awesome and the sandwiches are great.
Portions across the board are large and good to share.
To make it even better, the staff are friendly and eager to discuss specials and whatever comes to mind.
A great place for a late meal or an early breakfast to kickoff the day!

Blah blah blah bland..
If your 67yrs old and on a strict no flavor diet, then this is the place for you.
Never again.
I wish i had 2 more hands so i can give it 4 thumbs down

My friend and I swung in her last night around 10:30 after a show at the Smith Center.
Both of us had missed dinner and were starving.
The place was pretty dark and empty looking but once inside we found three or four other tables of late night eaters.
As a whole this place is kind of a greasy spoon and a bit sticky but that really didn't bother us.
I ordered the waffle breakfast with eggs and sausage and the portion was huge.
My friend got the same thing only with pancakes instead.
We both really liked what we had and seriously loved the butter they used.
The service was fine nothing good or bad to say about that and the price was right at $24 for both of our meals and two coffees.
Certainly be someplace when a late night breakfast craving hits.

Bring an extra gut with you... you gonna need it.
I had the chorizo omelette (4 eggs) quite tasty and large.
Ask for extra salsa.
My traveling partner who usually eats a lot could not finish his food and then he bitched all day about how full he was...
The staff was very nice and kept us full up on coffee...

Te way to my fat girl heart?
Biscuits and gravy!
Yesssssss.
They are so good here, they are fresh, rich and huge portions.
You can tell that theyre made from scratch.
dont get them if your on a diet.
Second best in my book.
I loved that it was served it in a skillet.
Really made it cute.
Nom, nom nom.
I hear the French that is good, so I will try that next time.
I tried some of my daughter pancakes which were fluffy and light.
Delicious.
The eggs and sausage were just okay, nothing special.
Asked for cheese on the eggs and they threw a piece of sliced cheese on there that didn't even melt.
Yuck.
This place was packed so I suggest coming at brunch time.
This place looks really old fashioned and the serves looked very seasoned.
My dad loved that the server his age (40s?
) kept calling him honey, babe and sweet thang.
Oh gosh, it was hilarious.
She was very good at refilling our drinks and coffee.
Considering how busy she was, she was great at checking up on us making sure we were happy.

Food is really good.
My waffle with fresh fruit was very good.
They type of waffle that doesn't require syrup, light and fluffy.
I had apples, strawberries, blueberries and bananas on the waffle.
The apple were cut in a weird way -think small matchsticks,  but that was the only negative.
Service was outstanding.

Giant plates, yummy food, reasonable prices.
We come here for breakfast almost every time we are in Vegas.
It's a good family restaurant.
I recommend anything on the breakfast menu.

Blueberry hill is like the hidden gem of Vegas!
They have awesome food and such a huge variety to cater to different wants/needs!
I have not had one bad experience at blueberry hill.
They are another level above Denny's, ihop, and black bear diner.
It is our togo spot when it comes to breakfast for sure!....even if a 'family' owned location is a 15 minute drive away, so worth it!
I recommend their pancakes, French toast, and their chorizo skillet.
Delicious!

I'm a fan of blueberry hill.
The food is good ol comfort food.
I can't comment on the lunch and dinner menu because i'm exclusive to breakfast items only.
I usually get the eggs benedict and while its not the best in the city it does its job of filling my belly while being edible.
Their hollandase is sorta heavy for my taste but good none the less.
I'll be back.

first time at this place, we showed up with about 18 people and were seated immediately.
the server, (cant remember her name, something like Miranda?
) was top notch... she got all of our orders correct the first time with no problems.. took care of all of us by herself.
the food was delicious and overly large portions..

I had breakfast here last week.
I had the 4 aces - 2 sausage links, 2 pieces of bacon, 2 eggs, and 2 pancakes.
I asked for more bacon instead of pancakes.
The waitress was very accommodating.
The bacon was great quality.
My friend had the same dish but had pancakes.
The pancakes were very fluffy and homemade.
She really enjoyed them.
Great place for breakfast

A step better than Denny's.
Good prices.
HUGE menu.
Everything sounds good makes it hard to choose.

pros...want some good old fashioned breakfasty stuff?
don't know where to go?
well this is a great place to go for that.
with all the girls waiting for the depech mode concert, and just liquered up from frankie's, this was the perfect place to get our stomach filled with some delicious breakfast.
let me tell you about the french toast, and the grilled muffin.
sounds weird to grill a muffin but if you have not tried it, you should.
adds another dimension to your plain old blueberry muffin.
some warmth and butter flavor to it never hurt.
and as for the french toast, it is so very delicious.
soft, warm and toasty too.
it lets you just taste the butter and the sugar and the slightly crisp outside and the warm and soft inside.
let me say this, that this is the place to go if you just had some drinks.
especially if you have some pretty mouthy girls on your hands.
let them just eat the alcohol away.
cons...not much, but wish we had one of these here in san diego.

The Eggs Benedict is just delicious.
Their hash browns are unique and also very tasty.

Had dinner here on my birthday a couple of days ago and loved it I had a double cheeseburger the patty was fresh off the grill minus the grease.
And I had some fries with extra fries on the side they were so good and crispy and fresh unlike other places I have been too.
They also have excellent choices for dessert, I got the oreo cheesecake and the shake and the hot fudge sundae yeah I know that was too much but it was my birthday so I wanted to go all out.
Overall the food was good the service was excellent and the waiter that I had always came to check on me and was nice and friendly I really love this place and now it is my second favorite restaurant to go to only behind the sourdough caf.

Great as usual.
A bit loud but we love the pancakes and the family friendly place.

This is the type of place you see in the old 50's movies.
It tries for that feel and it works.
Colorful inside, friendly service and great food made on site.
Just maybe too large of a menu and too many delicious choices!
It seemed when we were there, that most of the others were regulars.
Nice touch to know the neighbors eat there often as well.
Again, that old world charm and feel.
The way it used to be.
Maybe.
Pancakes were huge, fluffy and delicious.
The Biscuits and gravy stick to your ribs and you walk away full without the Vegas sticker shock...  Waitress was fast, efficient and informative.
it was my GF's first time and she had many questions.
Again, too many choices for her to settle easily on one!

Was in Vegas and found this spot on Yelp, decided to give it a try.
Breakfast was great, Plate was full and filled me.
Pancakes were really good.
Had some hish school aged players for a tournament and they were all extremely satisfied and happy when we left.
Service was very good, a lil slow but place was really busy.
Prices were very reasonable.
Great Place.

Don't order the breakfast burrito.
The rice is dry, and the beans are served cold.
I asked for sausage inside; either they forgot or they thought they were being sneaky and tried to trick me with potato skins.
The orange sauce overtop was just kinda weird.
Overall not a satisfying meal.
However, my father ordered the chicken noodle soup and that was fantastic.
The service is good and the staff are friendly, so they still get four stars.
Their breakfast foods are very tasty.
Lesson of the day: don't order Mexican food at a diner.

This is my first time eating here and I ordered Bacon and cheddar cheese omelet.
I wish I took a picture so I have a proof thatthe bacon in the omelet that they served to me was burnt.
My omelet taste bitter because of the burnt bacon.
Not a happy customer.

This place has the best breakfast!
My husband ordered the blueberry and strawberry crepes (recommended by our knowledgable waitress), and I ordered the Texas chili omelet.
They were both amazing!
I highly recommend this place!

I've been going to this spot since I was a kid, my grandma use to take me here to eat and it was always good.
The fact that my girlfriend and I spent early 3am mornings as friends and now come here at least 1 a week as a couple makes this place even more special.
The food is delicious it's like a lil hole in the wall place that reminds me of home cooked meals growing up that my parents and grandma cooked for my sister and brothers and I as kids.
The prices aren't that bad and the service most times is good.
I've only had one bad experience here that I could remember but that doesn't effect us coming here considering that person no longer works here.
Overall this is a great place to eat with family, friends and loved ones.

Good pancakes!
Reasonably priced food.
Friendly staff.
Susie was a doll.
However this place needs to up their sanitary practices.
All of my silverware was dirty.
The table was sticky and my friend saw a cockroach, not exactly the most inspiring when you're preparing to eat.

The sweety and I went here for breakfast.
This place has abundant seating.
It has a substantial menu.
One word describes Blueberry Hill.
Awesome.
Our eggs were fluffy and flavorful.
The Chili Verde sauce had some kick.
The pancakes were very tasty.
The servers are friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.
The prices are very fair,  the atmosphere is comfortable.
I plan to definitely go back.
Worth the trip.

Items selected:  Coffee  Chocolate Oreo Pancakes - Four pancakes cooked with our 40 year old special recipe chocolate buttermilk pancake batter with gobs of real crumbled Oreo cookies cooked right in the batter, then topped with our homemade vanilla icing.
Finished with more crumbled Oreo cookies sprinkled on top of the pancakes  Blueberry Hill Style Monte Cristo Sandwich - Turkey and ham smothered with Swiss cheese, grilled on our own French toast bread with Strawberry Compote  Red Velvet Cake  Contrary to the opinions of some, as much as I enjoy fine dining I share equal passion for dining experiences many gourmands would consider 'low brow,' particularly at breakfast, and taking this fact into account it was with much enthusiasm that I finally visited locally grown 24/7 staple Blueberry Hill just prior to 6am Saturday morning.
Situated on Decatur and the largest of a handful of locations spanning the city the look and feel of the restaurant can best be summed up as an upscaled Denny's with better coffee alongside a more creative menu and given my early hour of arrival the service was exemplary - an older couple entering just after me the restaurant's only other patrons.
A skeleton crew in the kitchen largely focused on preparing the day's housemade cakes and pastries it was with little delay that decisions were made from the extensive menu and orders placed I chatted with my waitress at length, the longtime veteran of Blueberry Hill keeping coffee filled to the brim and commending my picks while offering suggestions for 'next time' - an occurrence that will be sooner rather than later given the quality of what soon arrived.
Beginning savory and moving to sweet it was with a loaded un-fried Monte Cristo that I began and deferring standard jam with a request for the housemade strawberry compote I'd strongly recommend everyone do the same as the ample sweetness proved a lovely balance to briny ham and smoked turkey..."balance" completely ignored by my second selection, the pillow soft pancakes chock-a-block full of crushed cookies and smeared with frosting identical in flavor to the cream-filling, plus whipped cream for garnish.
Sated and heavily caffeinated it was perhaps a bit gluttonous to consider dessert but unable to pass on a rotating cake-case it was with a slice of Red Velvet that I made my departure and waiting until the afternoon to indulge the results were good, if not great, as the cake was moist and rich though I'd have preferred more tang to the icing...a small quibble at $3 for the 11.6oz 'slice.

I love this place for one thing and one thing only....
WAFFLES!!!
I love their waffles here they are really good.
The Waitress Special is the only thing I get on the menu.
It's fire!

Came here for breakfast twice recently, once in October and also on Christmas day.
Wasn't expecting this place to be packed on Christmas day but it was.
Despite being packed we were seated quickly (party of four) and were able to get our order in fairly quickly as well.
It came out maybe a few minutes later than it normally would have but this was to be expected on such a busy day.
As usual the food was great and very well priced.
If you're a fan of IHOP, you'll love this place even more.

Found this terrific restaurant in Vegas.
Husband and I had 2 trips for breakfasts and 2 for dinner.
I'm a pancake fan, and these are the best pancakes that I've ever tried.
Better than Original pancakes and IHOPS are not even in their league.
Omelette was huge easily enough for two; good but not the best.
Hashbrowns were so so.
Parmesan chicken was crisp on the outside, tender and moist on the inside with incredible lemon sauce - sounds weird but was amazing.
The meatloaf spaghetti style was great and again easily enough for 2.
Salad was very crisp, fresh and tasty - enough for 2.
Soups are excellent.
We had  a fresh vegetable medley which was cooked on the crisp side, the way I prefer, and very nicely flavored.
Husband loved the carrot cake, I've had better.
The blueberry pie was the best I've tried.
These dinners were from the $7.77 special menus beverage, soup/salad and dessert.
Yes that's right!
Husband and I kept asking how they could provide this?
Had 3 waitresses and all were terrific!
Their pecan pancakes- not on menu -are worth the trip to Vegas!

Ive been walking this earth for almost 27 years..
This is the best breakfast i have ever had lol.
My mom told me to get hired here just so I can figure out why their pancakes are so good lol.
Everyone that comes to visit me I always bring them here.
My favorites are The Waitress Special Waffles w/Apple Cinnamon Compote & Whip Cream, The Four Cheese Fresh Fruity French Toast, The Meat Lovers Skillets (mostly everyone likes this one), Hand-Crafted Gourmet Apple Chicken Sausage Waffle (Dads Favorite), and The Chocolate Oreo Pancakes!!
Im not a big chocolate fan but the Oreo Pancakes are bomb!

Top 5 favorite breakfast places in Vegas for Me.
In my opinion, they have the best, simple home made buttermilk pancakes.
The atmosphere is kind of dainty and old, but the food both breakfast and lunch definitely makes up for it.

As far as I can tell, "Family Restaurant" means screaming children.
The wait-staff here were great.
My waitress was really nice, very attentive, and I really liked her.
This is where the positive experience ends.
The coffee tastes like dish-water.
(Very similar to say Denny's.
)  I drank it because I was in need of caffeine, and wasn't terribly pleased.
I got the chicken and waffles, a couple of eggs, and an order of hashbrowns.
The chicken was grilled, not fried.
(I couldn't tell this from the menu, or I wouldn't have ordered it.
)  The waffles were a bit overdone, and crunchy on the outside.
The inside seemed like so much vapor.
They lacked substance.
There was something like cinnamon-sugar dusted on the top of them.
(This seemed really weird to me, and didn't go with the chicken.
)  The hash browns were cooked properly, but still seemed to lack flavor overall.
Add to that the fact that I didn't feel terribly great physically shortly after leaving (Indigestion?
I'm not sure.
I felt quesy and flushed.
) I just wasn't happy with the experience.

Enormous breakfast menu and portions!
Lunch and dinner menu is great too.
Arlene waited on our table.
Location on Flamingo Blvd is roomier.

Blueberry Hill is an old-school American Diner that looks the part.
It literally looks old both inside and out.
Worn walls and flooring, neon lighting trimming the walls...
I'm sure this place has seen better days one or two decades ago.
But, I guess you can say it has character.
What matters most, of course, is the food.
It isn't bad.
With a menu that rivals the thickness of the one at Cheesecake Factory, it might take a while to figure out what you want.
They have just about every comfort dish you'd expect to find at a breakfast, lunch, and dinner spot like this.
I typically go with pancakes for my early morning meal, but opted for their strawberry crepes ($10.09).
A light and mild cheese blend mixed with a strawberry compote filled three delicate crepes.
Sliced strawberries topped the dish.
Portions are large but I still managed to devour it.
An even bigger dish was my wife's Denver omelette ($11.09) filled with cheddar cheese, diced ham, onions and green peppers.
It was accompanied by some awful hashbrowns, extra crispy bacon, and deliciously spongy french toast.
The size of the kid's chocolate chip pancakes ($5.39) was ridiculous.
It consisted of three pancakes that would have been challenging for any adult to finish, let alone a six year old.
Chocolate chips were sprinkled on top and worked into the batter and a mound of whipped cream topped it all off.
My kid and I enjoyed attacking it and it left him in a sugar high.
Breakfast wasn't cheap.
It ended up being about $50 for the three of us.
But, it did leave us happy and full.
3.5 Stars

Best pancakes in town!
I grew up eating at blue berry hill.
They're open 24/7.
Breakfast is served all day.
Everything is made from scratch.
Big portions and DELICIOUS!

This place is sooo good.
Their coffee is delicious!!
I've tried a few different things on the menu, but the French toast will always be my favorite!!
3 stars because the service can be super slow...
I've seen people walk out on several occasions.
But when they're on it-- blueberry hill is awesome.

MMMM expecting greatness, however I was very surprised at the overall experience from this place.
We came in here and there were alot of people waiting to sit down (20 min wait) which is usually a good sign.
We waited almost exactly 20 min for our table.
Our server was Jacelyn.
She took our drink order and we were on our way into our Blueberry hill experience.
My 5 year old was quick to point out how dirty her silverware was.
They must have just missed this batch as there was some black and  brown left over crusted on her knife and fork.
We gave Jacely our order as I ordered the strawberry pancakes because the picture on the menu looked fabulous.
My girl got the meatlovers skillet, my daughters the strawberry french toast and happy face pancakes.
The order took about 13 min to come to our table.
That is when the fun began.
We gave Jacely our entire order the first time around.
She forgot about half of it.
Missing eggs, toast, no whipped creame, no ketchup, no powdered sugar.
I noticed i had only 3 pancakes when the picture clearly showed 4 and was smothered with strawberry sauce and whipped creame.
Mine had non of this.
Just a little dribble of sauce and a ice creame scoop of butter.
I thought, well maybe they are busy, however this is supposed to be a top line breakfast joint.
They should know that weekend business would be extreme so why the mess up.
Anyway I ate about half my breakfast before our server came back with the whipped creame, forgot the everything else.
Had to tell her again what was missed as she walked away paying attention to other people, no biggie.
She returned with no hash browns and no sugar.
my daughter wont touch her french toast without powered sugar and again had to ask Jacelyn for the rest of our order.
I never got my hash browns and just figured she was real busy and forgot.
That wasnt the kicker, the people next too me ordered the same strawberry pancake dish as mine and hers was entirely different.
1 more pancake, tons of strawberry dressing, whipped cream on top as i didnt have any at all as Jacelyn forgot our request.
I asked the lady what she had ordered, same as mine, i thought WTF....Jacelyn never came back to check our drinks so at this point i am pretty irritated.
Since my breakfast was not that good to begin with, I tried my daughters french toast.
she said be careful daddy as there are hard things in my meal.
I was like WTF again.
I took a bite and instantly bit down on something hard as a rock.
I spit it out and my daughters french toast had tons of uncooked rice in her meal.
At this point I was like f this place.
We got our check and i couldnt leave fast enough.
The service was terrible.
I thought if this supposed to be top notch breakfast place they must have missed the hiring procedure with Jocelyn as she squeaked by and has a job here.
At hash house a go go i am sure she would be fired on the spot as they would not accept the type of service Jacelyn puts out.
Didnt want to even deal with the drama of talking to a manager at this point, so my advice dont believe the hype.
Find a secluded Dennys as you will get an overall better product than Blueberry Hill Restaurant.
VERY DISSAPPOINTED.

The Bagel Cafe has been our favorite way off the strip breakfast for the past few years but on our last trip to Vegas we tried something different.
Blueberry Hill impressed me with their broad menu and lots of home cooked or locally sourced ingredients.
When you first walk in and see the 18 inch tall frosted towers of cake and pie goodness you might not be thinking about the care taken in procuring ingredients but they do get breads from a local bakery and make a lot of their own components on site.
I had a chicken parm sandwich and loved it.
On a second visit we had a table of 8 and Stephanie was there again with wonderful service and an engaging personality.
Everybody enjoyed their food and my parents still talk about how much they enjoyed it even though they had to taxi out from the strip.
I don't have a ton of detailed information about particular menu items but we'll be back and learn more as we go.

Came to Blueberry Hill because I wanted to try liver and onions because I heard that for meat eaters that liver is a superfood.
Was seated quickly and Taylor was an awesome server.
She was very friendly and accommodating to my special requests.
Awesome Taylor!

I love this place!
BH is a Vegas staple and it has that nostalgic 50's diner feel to it.
Oldies playing in the background with greasy diner fare and real ice cream milkshakes that would make Richie Cunningham blush!
Prices are cheap and portions are big!
I think I just saw the Fonz..Eyyyy!

Lived here for 7 years and been meaning to check this place out.
Went on Wednesday AM, seated right away.
Waitress was great transplanted New Yorker.. Only complaint was the blueberry muffin while large was scarce on the berries.
Other than that, had eggs, ham and hashbrowns which were tasty.
Coffee was good.
Tasted some different than the water served most places.
Service was excellent!

We found yet another great place for breakfast in Las Vegas (although I'm certain you can get good lunch and dinner here, too).
The first thing I liked was the coffee was served in a ceramic mug with a saucer -- FINALLY, a place other than the table top on which to place my spoon-- and really good coffee!
Our waitress, Virginia, was friendly and efficient.
I ordered the Chilaquiles Verde and my husband had Huevos Rancheros.
The portions are so large (and reasonably priced) that I could only get through half of mine, which included tortilla chips smothered with Jack cheese and green verde sauce (spicy and tasty), topped with two eggs, Spanish rice and refried beans.
Don't forget to ask for the senior citizen discount, if you qualify as such.

Really good food and reasonably priced.
Don't even think about showing up without your entire party, even if theres only 2, they wont seat you, and parking is a pain.

I was pretty excited about this place, since I saw it mentioned multiple times in the "best breakfast in Vegas" thread.
I figured if it was referenced more than once this place must be the real deal!
I was pretty unimpressed.
My girlfriend and I usually have breakfast once a weekend, and we have been rotating around new places every week, and so far I think Babystacks was our favorite place.
Don't get me wrong, my girlfriend got the white chocolate chip pancakes here and they were GREAT!
I really liked those.
However, I ordered the breakfast burrito and it was pretty... Meh.
The country potatoes were alright, not great.
The burrito itself had ok flavor, but being that it was pretty big and literally coated it sauce, I had to eat it with fork and knife.
I was just really not psyched about it.
I wish I had ordered something else.
One of the off putting things for me was the menu.
As another review mentioned, he thought Cheesecake Factory was bad, but wow this place has too big of a menu.
I hate when restaurants throw every possible option in the world at you.
It makes it very difficult to make decisions, it puts more stress on the kitchen, and instead of deciding between a handful of great options like Babystacks, I was choosing between Mexican style breakfast or not haha it was overwhelming.
I prefer a restaurant to put out what it does best.
Keeps it simple, keeps the food good.
The prices also were good but not great.
If it was cheaper I would have been less upset with my meal.
My girlfriends pancake special though was a good deal, 7.99 for pancakes and sausage and eggs.
Wish I had done that!
Overall just not very impressed.
Maybe will be back, but only if I get tired of other places.

Blueberry Hill is my all-time favorite comfort food restaraunt in all of Las Vegas.
The service is friendly and the staff makes you feel like family.
The environment has a 50's diner feel.
Coffee & soda refills come as quickly as you can drink them.
I base my tip amount on how long I wait for a refill and here, so far, I'm never empty.
But the food.
Omigoodness.
Best pancakes in town.
I won't eat pancakes anywhere else, ever again.
Everything you could possibly want at breakfast time: waffles, crepes, sausage & bacon, hash browns.
Wow.
Large portions.
Food is hot and fresh.
And the cakes, pies and desserts are just as amazing.
Give this place a try.
I'm certain you will enjoy it.

Breakfast, Breakfast Breakfast.
It seems there might be a recurring theme in my life here..I seem to eat breakfast a ton!!
Blueberry Hill is a cheap family restaurant/diner experience.
It is a semi-popular choice for people to eat food or breakfast at any time of day, as it is open 24 hours.
Ambiance: 3 - The diner look is okay.
It's nothing fancy, but it isn't anything really special either.
They keep clean for the most part.
I feel like they could do something more to take you back to 'that time' when people stopped on road trips to grab a bite to eat from diners!
Service: 3 -  The service that I get is always slower than slow!
I'm pretty lenient, too, I've waited almost an hour for food once!
Also, there's usually not too many people when I go, so how slow it gets almost doesn't make sense.
Food: 4 - Food isn't gourmet, nor is it perfect.
Yet, it's still a point above average!
They have huge portions and giant pancakes!
I do like my steak and eggs here better than IHOP!
And honestly, any breakfast place is better than Denny's.
Also, my boyfriend said he really loved their chicken and waffles: "They were delicious".
It almost feels like you're on the roadside havin a quick bite to get the job done--if there weren't so many buildings around!
Super early AM?
Need some bacon?
Well, maybe you should stop by blueberry hill, you breakfast lover, you!

The blueberry crepes here were delicious!
I did not feel rushed and our server was very kind.
Stopping by Vegas for the night, I would stop here again for a casual occassion.
I agree with the other reviews, the quality is much better than the other [chain] diners.
Stop by, have a good meal, don't spend a lot...
Perfect.

If you love breakfast food like I do, then go here.
You won't be disappointed!
My boyfriend and I love breakfast restaurants.
We tried this place for the first time recently.
We truly enjoyed eating here.
I love the blueberry theme.
The staff is so charming.
Our waitress was very attentive, and they were slammed too.
The food....
Very delicious.
We had scrambled eggs, bacon , sausage, pancakes and, of course, a blueberry muffin!
The menu is pretty big and they have a lot of variety.
The prices are very low and you get a ton of food!!
I highly recommend it!

Father's day brunch for family of 6 and service was great.
I guess we had arrive early enough to beat the crowd.
Awesome Sunday !

