Great dentist.
Takes time to explain all your options and uses state-of-the-art equipment.
Pricey, but gets the job done.

Everyone is very friendly and caring.
When I need to get in to see the doctor there is always time to get me in.
I have been seeing Dr. Balle and his stuff for the past 10 years and have had nothing but the best of care from all.

Not being particularly fond of even going to the dentist, this is a practice that will make you comfortable!

My family and I have been going to Dr Balle for years.
He, as well as his staff, are exceptional.
Office is very clean and smoothly run.
He's a very mellow honest guy that you don't have to worry about trying to push unneeded procedures.
Office staff is always friendly and accommodating.
Don't plan on ever going to anyone else =)

I originally went to Dr. Balle for teeth cleaning after reading great reviews, one after the other.
Upon examination, he claimed to have found two cavities on two separate teeth.
After discussion, the plan was to fill one and pull one in preparation for an implant.
I was unable to eat properly for over three weeks after the procedure due to tooth pain in the teeth next to each tooth that he worked on.
Six months later I still can't use the right side of my mouth due to a tooth he cracked while removing the first tooth.
When I did return for the implant, the price was double the original quote.
Due to the this problem, which I had never had with any other dentist after a procedure, I made an appointment with a different dentist who told me that the teeth in question had cracks in them.
Since Dr. Balle didn't mention these cracks before or after working on the other teeth, I have to assume  that he cracked them while filling and pulling the first two teeth.
He was an extremely pleasant man, but his work speaks for itself.

This practice is more about making money than caring for the patient.
If you don't have lots of cash, you should look for another dentist.
The office manager (Cindy) seems to make more of the decisions for the dentist based on the financial aspect than the health or welfare of the patient.

