I thought this place was Sonnic Auto Repair, but they formerly were Sony's Auto Repair.
Went to this auto repair shop, which was recommended by a friend who lives in Las Vegas.
It looks like a hole in the wall, but was pretty busy as all the service bays were being used.
Took my vehicle in for an oil change for a great price at $25.
The gentlemen in the front inspected the car per my request to see if any other additional work needed to be done for my car.
He said, everything looks good.
Prior to coming to this location, I went to other shops and was quoted $35.
I would have paid the $35 if they had better customer service.
I was pleased to do business with Sonnic Auto Repair, and will do business again, when in the area.
I recommend anyone to take their car here.

I have been taking both of my cars exclusively to Sonnic Auto since 2007.
Winston Lee has been able to diagnose and fix any problem that I bring his way.
We were referred to this shop by a friend.
They saved us several hundred dollars by diagnosing a bad battery vs. a bad alternator.
Needless to say I was hooked.
The office is small but very friendly.
Normally I'll do the early bird drop off and pick it up later on that day.
I've never found them to try and up charge us on any repair and would feel comfortable recommending this shop to men and women.
My wife has been up charged at other repair shops for needless repairs in the past.
-Sean

From E. Coe  (New Customer)                                                                 Mon.
July 1, 2013       I recently moved to Las Vegas from Los Angeles, where I resided for over twenty years.
As I was getting settled around new surroundings here in Las Vegas, one item in my top priority list was to  search for  a dependable neighborhood automotive repair shop.
Initially, I  started looking at  two auto repair shops close to where I live.
Then after that,  I asked from both old friends and new acquaintances where they have their family cars serviced.
They  gave me the name "Sonnic Auto Repair," which fortunately is conveniently a three-mile distance drive from my apartment.
Through good word of mouth recommendation, I decided to be one of them, as far as becoming one of Sonnic Auto Repair Shop's satisfied patron.
I'm glad I listened to my friends' recommendation.
So far.
even with just the  two visits I made  to the Sonic Auto Shop, I clearly  notice that the proprietor and manager, Mr. Kwon  proves to be very knowledgeable and highly experienced in the automotive repair industry.
He leads his staff and team by inspiring them to render high quality customer satisfaction service, through their strong commitment, honesty, and timely completion of car job orders.
It is apparent that Mr. Kwon and his mechanics are trustworthy and reliable when it comes to fixing and improving the performance of the cars entrusted to them.
Therefore, because of the integrity and dedicated hard work they offer, the many customers of Sonnic Auto Repair Shop are happy and grateful to Mr. Kwon and his great staff.
Based on my personal observations above.
when opportunity permits,  I  openly share good words with friends for the highly satisfactory service that Sonnic Auto Repair Shop offers its numerous customers.

Fair prices and quality work.
Thanks!
;) got a 3 day job done in just a few hours.
Sonnic auto is the best place.
They are even struts and shocks specialists!

I've taken my daughters vehicle here for all the repairs and Winston has done a great job!
I would highly recommend Sonnis Auto Repair to anyone.
Great Service, Fair Price, and quick!

Simply the best...very honest people.
I took my 2009 Mercedes E350 there for brake flush and transmission oil change.
Very reasonable price compare to other shop.

These guys are the best.
My AC pump went out.
I purchased a new one from Auto Zone brought my truck and part in on a moments notice.
They replaced the parts, charged the system and it works like new for half the price others wanted.
Great service, fast and professional

