I don't like this one the only thing I like bout it is the selecton other then that DON"t go here it stinks like rotten old fish and meat like they don't take care it.
It's super old looking like from 1940 or something REMODEL plase u make all that money off the poor people in the nieghborhood I'm poor too.
The ceiling looks like crap like there been several water leaks.
And the frozen area had brown stuff in the back of the cooler gross.
It's to bad Idon't have vehicle other wise  i would go somewhere else.
I jus dont buy meat here or anything that is not sealed or in a can.

This is the absolute worst Albertsons I have been in in a long time.
The place is not clean, the selection is horrible, The employees were putting out the vegetables without gloves and service was hard to be found.
The cashier was friendly and quick and the fruit did look fresh but it is hard to get excited about fresh fruit when you are worried about the cleanliness of the floor, carts and other surroundings.

This place is ghetto as fuck!!!
Every time I go here (literally every time), someone is getting arrested in the parking lot out front for shoplifting.
Now, I know it's not the store's fault that it's located in a shitty part of town, but...they should at least TRY a little to clean up their act!
Why?
I'll tell you why!!
Right this very moment, downtown Vegas is in the midst of an urban-core revitalization, which has brought hundreds of earnest young hipster-types to live in the area surrounding this store.
We're young, hungry and flush with cash -- but we ain't spending any of our hard-earned Bitcoin here, I can tell you that!
My people and I are constantly bitching about the fact that there's "no" grocery store in downtown Las Vegas -- conveniently choosing to omit/forget this sad little relic.
If you would only pander to us a bit -- by cleaning out the bums, hiring some parking-lot security, and stocking some craft IPAs and Ezekiel Bread -- we'd gladly become your most loyal customers!
Did I mention we are flush with cash??
There are countless tech-startup whizkids among our ranks -- and don't even get me started on the legions of Zappholes!
Why, if you started stocking organic llama chow, even Tony Hsieh himself might deign to patronize your establishment!!!!
OK, so I'll admit we're also fucking lazy: we want an ArtisanalOrganicLocavoreSustainableFairTradeMart, we want it around the corner, and we want it NOW!!!!
And we're just gonna sit here bitching and moaning, hypocritically super-sizing our carbon footprints by driving crosstown to Whole Foods, Sprouts and Trader Joe's to buy our kale chips and gluten-free tampons...  ...instead of going into your store and TALKING to the manager like grown-ass adults, expressing our concerns & desires and working out a solution whereby we as a community volunteer to clean up the parking lot, and agree to regularly patronize the store so as to justify your stocking of our foodie wishlist.
Hell, no!
It's MUCH easier to just bitch about it, and purchase carbon offsets for our Whole Foods back-and-forthing.

I'm about to roll up to this spot in a few.
Getting properly baked beforehand so I can lazily ignore the panhandlers and grab my Cheetos and ramen.
Yea it's a hairy spot in terms of not so much the staff or clientele (except my stoned ass perhaps) BUT the parking lot creeps.
Now, I lived and hustled in NYC the last five years but I'm back in black and I'm not taking NO shit from a bum.
No way no day, man.
I think practicing common sense is key, and I honestly feel like the sense of danger and random bad stuff happening has a lot more to do with the tech fucks checking their huge iPads as they yelp instead of practicing proper common sense in urban situations.
You ain't in green valley anymore.
Or maybe a seed of fear planted in our heads by our parents.
Oohhhhh naked city soooo scary.
Puhlease.
Not to say there ARENT scary drug addicts there.
They are there.
But they are also EVERYWHERE.
Be on your guard.
If you see something say something.
Also what do we expect?
A Giuliani style cleanup of our hood just because it's now in vogue to give a shit about our bodies and about animals and we started living here and staying here?
And some Al Bundy of epic proportions decided to dump a bunch of money into some plastic containers full of overpriced t shirts?
That's not how gentrification works.
Maybe one of these lot lizards can sell us something to speed it up?
Ummmmm but yea I'm gonna end this so I can go grab a box of Franzia and a box of eggos.
Catch you on the flipside at Albies..

