Took my '67 Camaro here for an alignment, after seeing some positive comments on a Corvette forum about George's.
There is no computerized alignment rack here, just alignment plates you drive onto and the eyeballs of whoever is performing the alignment.
In no more than 3 minutes, the tech made 2-3 adjustments and told me to 'go drive it' and I did.
To my surprise, the overall driveability was improved, and the car seemed to track straight.
To my disappointment, there was still a high speed vibration over 60mph (which I had described to the tech) and I knew it wasn't a wheel balance issue because I just had that done.
While I was impressed in the short-term with what George's accomplished in 3 minutes with a ratchet and a wrench, I would recommend going somewhere with a more modern and computerized approach.
My front wheels were never lifted in the air during the 3 minute process, which is a red-flag that the alignment at George's is probably not as thorough as your car deserves.
George's also failed to find a loose (by 7 whole turns) lower ball joint which was missing it's cotter pin.
And because of the loose ball joint, the alignment had to be redone (I chose another shop to redo it).
George's might have found the loose ball joint if the tires actually left the ground...  'Old-school alignment' = too cheap to invest in a computerized alignment rack.
Today's highway speeds require more accurate alignments, which George's simply can't provide.
Cost for the 3-minute alignment at George's?
$80 - cash only.
Ouch!
So much for trusting the Corvette guys...

I have owned many collectable vehicles and George's is the only place to take your car and have the work done right.
They are also the only place in town who can do a good 4 wheel alignment on an older Corvette.
Not only did they fix my last car right but they also came in well under the estimated repair cost to fix it.
Also their communication along the way was top notch.
Thanks Guys!!

Great job done, Very friendly And family owned these are the kind of places I miss...

This is the absolute best place to get your alignment or brake work done.
I just had my lifted 92 Jeep done and it is driving like new now.
I have brought all of my vehicles I've owned over the last 10 years into George's and have never been disappointed.
Don't be discouraged by the "appointments only" thing as they have plenty of openings for alignment and brake work in this down economy.
I verified that today with the office manager.
"Bobby Y" mentions that they don't have the fancy computers to check the alignments.
I've never seen any computers there while I was waiting for work to be done, but then again, I have NEVER had an issue to be concerned about it.
I have had lots of issues left over by shops that have all of the digital equipment.
That's the whole reason I had to bring my 92 Jeep to George's Alignment & Brake Service in the first place.
The Jeep had been previously totaled with extensive frame damage.
They fixed the frame but botched the alignment.
After about 40 minutes on my Jeep and a quick test drive, it was given their seal of approval.
That's good enough for me knowing their work and sure enough it is driving like new again.
Thanks again George's Alignment and Brake Service.
You get an A+ in my book!

