Customer service was just outstanding and the did everything with in 20mins, just as they told me they would

Customer service is wonderful, they gave me a great deal to flush and change the oil; it was done quickly, the inside of the car was vacuumed, everyone was so friendly and I even had great coffee to drink.

The customer service at this Jiffy Lube is GREAT.
They do not sell you something that you do not need here and that is what I really like.
Some places see women coming and take advantage but not here and that goes along way when it comes to customer service.
They gave me a quote on some work along with the time frame and stuck to that and I really appreciated it.
I live 40 minutes away and I will come and get my work done.

The staffs is awesome, left with a big smile and a big tip.

I appreciate staffs trying to please customers, but the work itself was very sloppy.
They should really check everything before they send you on the road.
I read one of the comment regarding leaving the radiator cap open, same thing happened to me, lucky enough I remembered the review and checked my cap before I took off for my trip.
Not only my cap was open but they did not fill my antifreeze like I asked and I was also charged for it.
Staffs fixed the problem without giving me any trouble, but if i was to head back to San Diego with my car like that, oh gosh, I can just imagine the nightmare I have to endure due to their carelessness.
Staffs are very quick during the oil change, but i choose quality over speed

I use to go to Terribles for my Nissan Titan when I needed an oil change, tune up, etc.
I one day tried Jiffy Lube instead and haven't gone back to Terribles since.
They give you a listing for different oil changes that can be done to your vehicle.
I'm done with the $25 value change that was always offered around town and now feel completely satisfied with the high quality oil changes that Jiffy Lube has to offer.
I had them clean my fuel system and do a Pennzoil Premium change on my truck and the Titan ran better than it had in years.
I was able to drive 2400 miles in a week and even after that it still ran smooth.
They do a very good job with computer diagnosis as well.
They warned me my battery was getting old and should be replaced soon.
Then, my battery died and that's why I'm sitting in their nice waiting room writing a review.
The attendants here don't feed you BS---they tell you exactly what's wrong, what could be future problems, and give very good recommendations.

I saw the owner's comment and sent the email to their customer service, never heard back.
So shady, never go to Jiffy lube.

Prices were reasonable.
They were fast and I was out of there in a hurry.
(Just like I like it!
) I had my oil changed, my tires rotated, and my cabin air filter changed in half an hour.
Great work guys!

Have had three oil changes at this location and each time received great service.
Same guys and they remember me and my car, which I like.
Feels like they care!
Drove out of my way to go there yesterday because my car was due for an oil change.
I have a turbo and use the best oil which  is a chunk of change but worth it cause i can drive a few thousand miles before next change.
They are quick and so far I've not been disappointed and I hope to keep it that way!

I moved to vegas a year ago and this is the only jiffy lube I will go to.
Great customer service!
Always friendly and great attitudes!
I've never had an issue with them!
There fast at what they do.

