I can't believe this place hasn't been reviewed!
Over on the west side of town, south of Red Rock by 4 miles in just another non-descript strip mall you'll find Vic's Barber Shop.
Sure there's no pole or Playboy's, but you'll find the best damn hot-towel shave that this 40-something's ever had.
In an age of high-styled salons with over-priced egotistical designers, it's good to know you'll always have a great neighborhood barber in Vic's where motorcycle magazines and the FX channel rules the day.
Where the staff would rather talk about good times (old and new), sports, mobile stripper poles and betting lines.
Is this family friendly?
Absolutely.
We kept the adult conversations to a low volume as there were fathers with sons in for appointments.
A $17 trim and a $27 straight razor shave.
It's the best $44 + tip I've spent in a shop.
Period.

My first visit was this morning at 8am (opening time) Very clean place of business.
Randy was the barber doing my haircut.
I wanted a very normal short haircut and that is exactly what I received.
17 dollars and 20 minutes was my investment and am a very satisfied customer.
Both barber's were very friendly and professional.

Nice building, friendly staff, and great haircuts!
Randy was my barber, actually one of the best I've ever had!
kind of wish the price was a little cheaper but nonetheless the service was great!

Haven't been to a barber shop in a long time!
I think the last one was Del's Barber Shop in Escondido!
Anyways i wanted to try this place because the reviews sounded great on Vicks!
I went in and waited for about 20 min since there were about 4 people in front of me and only 2 barbers, but I did not mind the wait.
I love her barbers talk to the customers and all the different stories you hear.
I asked the barber for a specific haircut and I got it!
Wish he was a little more talkative like most barbers are because I love talking sports, politics, and hearing cool stories.
A little pricey but worth it I think!

Best fade I have ever had.
Randy cut my hair this visit, so I cannot vouch for any other barbers here.
I don't like to point out my ethnicity, but it's obvious.
My coarse Asian hair is very difficult to cut correctly.
Supercuts or Great Clips can never get it right.
The cost was $19, a little more than the chain places, but worth the extra money.
Randy took the time to ensure very hair on my head was perfect.

Nice haircut.
Thx Teddy

Excellent haircut and overall service.
Randy did a great job, he uses metal high quality guards and is a really cool guy.
I'd recommend Vicks Barber Shop to anyone who wants a great haircut at a very nice place

If you are looking for a Barber Shop that is good with price and customer service, this is the place to go!
Wasn't really sure what to expect when I went to Vick's Barber Shop other than a much needed haircut but the overall experience was worth the new adventure.
Inside are three chairs two of which were occupied by other customers so there was no wait (bonus).
Roger was open and I was promptly seated.
He did a great job on my tapered fade.
I noticed that all the customers were lined up clean and straight.
I will most def be back to this spot!
Thanks again Roger.
(Obviously this was from a man's POV)

Great place to get a cut.
The gentlemen here are actual barbers with skill.
This is an actual barber shop, not a place for hoodlums to hang out it.
Great job guys!

First time I've had a $20 haircut with a hammer and sickle.
Truly the first rush job haircut I've ever had in all of ten minutes from start to finish.
Don't know what the rush was.
I was the the first and last in the wait line.
After all the glowing reviews, I expected an impresario, not a rough go-round with Freddy Kreuger.
Bottom-line, it was an OK haircut, but for the price I would've expected a little more than the same result I could've had from Cheap Clips.

Finally a hair cut with out stress.
Walk in talk about football and get a real cut.

Moved to Las Vegas back in 2009 and had to find a Barber.
A friend of mine referred me to Tommy over at Vick's.
Haven't gotten my hair cut anywhere else since.
Walk in and there's sports always playing on the TV.
Talk sports and get a haircut.
True masters at hair cuts, line ups, tapers, razor fades, etc.
If you want a $7 haircut by a beautician school graduate go to Supercuts.
If you want a real haircut in a real barber shop by a real Barber.
Check out Vick's.

This was my first time heading there...and I expected a haircut but when my barber yelled at me and cut my hair I felt traumatized and felt uncomfortable...people here are mean and the haircut they provide horrible speed haircuts

Good old school style shop.
Busy on Fridays.
Tommy is the most popular but all the guys are good

Place is just filled with amazing memorabilia, super laid back atmosphere, customers that go their are all super chill to start a conversation or get into one with.
My regular barber there is Randy, great guy, has the funniest stories, and has mad skills.

Go see Randy!
That's all I have to say.
Every time I go in, I talk sports with him and he does a great job.
It's worth every penny there.
Great atmosphere, up to date sports magazines, flat screen TV's, and great people.
Just an all around cool and chill place to be.

First time at Vick's and was taken care of right away by Tommy.
He is the best barber I have ever had.
He corrected all the mistakes my last barber did.
Very cool place with a wall full of pictures of Classic Vegas Stars.
I will be a customer for life.

Hands down the best barber shop in Vegas.
A man's barber shop.
Simple and classy.
Tommy gave me a great cut and trimmed the beard.
Easy to walk in and get taken care of.
I will be a lifetime customer.

I'll admit I was apprehensive because the barbers were older.
I'm used to younger barbers.
But Rogers skills blew me away.
He is my new barber.
I usually go to House of Fades.
Not anymore.

Consistant cuts.
Randy is the best barber in town, best barber shop in town hands down.
People for some reason complain about price but obviously it's worth it.

I've been going here for 6 years, since they opened, and Tommy is hands down the best out there.
Old school men's barber shop, straight edge lines and shaves.
Worth every penny.

At last, a NON chain hair cut spot in LV where locals can call their own.
True Midwest barber shop feel with good old Bears/Packers/Cowgirls talk.
Randy from the CHI can cut.
Highly recommend for men and boys of all ages.
A real BARBER shop!

My husband is a professional hairstylist from Italy, and has had the same lady cutting his hair for 10 years.
He decided it was time for a change and we looked high and low for someone who met all of his criteria.
Thank God we found this place!
The facility is clean, welcoming, the barbers are all great and my man walked in and out with a great haircut!
My husband is so picky, and now he's recommending this place to all his friends.
Randy did a great job!

This is a classic old school barber shop, every last one of the guys are great.
My personal favorites are Randy & Ben on the last two chairs, great haircut every time from both no questions asked.
The shop is clean with an abundance of memorabilia on the walls from old pictures of stars to athletes from the owners personal collection, like a stroll down memory lane.
Among one of my favorites that I've been to through the years here in Las Vegas.

Over the years, it hasn't been easy trying to find a barbershop that consistently provides excellent cuts until now.
I've been going to Vick's Barbershop for a couple years now and that's what they do...provide consistent cuts...Not only do they do it consistently, but they are able to provide it to various types of people & kids...Waiting isn't a problem because you can kill time by looking at all the memorabilia on the walls which is for sale if you're interested or by watching games on their HDTV's.
If you do decide to check it out go see Tommy & I promise you won't be disappointed.

First time I got my hair cut here, it was pretty good.
I liked that it was close to my house, so I came back.
The second time, the haircut was seriously lacking.
I felt rushed in the chair and had a sour taste in my mouth.
The third time was the last ever for me.
I just went in again (not enough time to scope out a new place) and put my name on the list.
After waiting quite a while, they called someone else before me - who had just shown up a minute earlier!
When I told them I had been waiting forever - they said "no, he's next".
That was the icing on the cake.
I'll never go back...
Ever.

great hair cuts tommy did a great job he definitely has a new customer on his hands great ppl old school barbers old school cuts goin back everytime

I've been coming here for about two years now.
This is my second regular barber in Vegas in 13 years.
I'm very picky about my hair and Randy does an excellent job.
Everyone in the shop is friendly and it's a very relaxed yet professional atmosphere.
Lots of sports memorabilia on the walls, and mens magazines on the table and two big TV's.
They're usually pretty busy so call ahead and get your name on the list.
And the price is reasonable.
Highly recommend this place for any guy looking for a regular barber and shop.

I've been coming to this barber shop for every bit of 5 years.
I tried a few other barber shops.. And being a lesbian it was hard to find a shop that wouldn't judge me or wouldn't cut it the way I wanted it cut!
Tommy is my barber.
as soon I walk in he know my hair style, and it looks clean and lined up perfectly.
Randy and roger are pretty amazing too.. but I still to what I know.
I'm to scared to changed barbers now.. hopefully I can get some to come record how he does it, that way when he does decide to retire my hair will always work...I love these guys.
There really isn't else to say but that they are amazing at what they do!
The only problem and its not really a problem is the waiting process..
But its well worth the wait..
If you call ahead of time its less of a wait!

It's hard to find a barber shop that compares to Vicks.
Hands down best atmosphere I've personally experienced in Vegas.
From the awesome celebrity/sports memorabilia decorating the walls to the overall great attitudes of the barbers..
This place is my new favorite.
I was a first time customer yesterday and my experience was fantastic.
Tommy did a splendid job on my taper and cut my hair exactly how I wanted it done.
These guys are very patient and take their time to figure out exactly how you want your hair done.
I will definitely be returning here to get my cut in a couple weeks.

Quick and cheap.
Had my beard trimmed by Ben.
Cool atmosphere inside.
Would return again.

Very clean place with polite older guys.. Wasn't sure if these guys would be able to do a fade.. Also they cost more than the normal Barber shops too..
Nonetheless I gave it a crack..
I was right they don't know how to give a good fade.. Can't be mean..
If I was just looking for a regular cut I would probably still come!
But for now ill look like Burt from Sesame Street for a couple of weeks!

