Bonanza bills itself as the "World's Largest Gift Shop" and while I am a fan of "World's Largest" attractions, Bonanza is not really worth a stop.
It is a giant collection of tchotchkes.
If you collect something, like silver spoons or thimbles, then this is your souvenir shop.
You'll probably find a few good gift items here, especially if you want gag gifts.
According to their website, Polly the Insulting Parrot is one of their best sellers.
Bonanza is bizarrely obsessed with security, including signs warning against stealing, video cameras, a security guard, stapling your bag of purchases closed, and checking your receipt when you leave.

The Bonanza is an interesting place to shop at.
There is some nice stuff and some overpriced stuff.
I haven't been there in a while so I don't remember much.
All I remember is that it is huge and has a lot of turquoise jewelry and a lot of Southwestern-type stuff.

Why did I even stop in here??????!!!!!!!!!!!
I was intrigued by the sign as being the largest gift store.
Hmmmmmm I think I have been in larger.
The size wasn't impressive   (Wow, did I say that????
) The quality of the items were average to low.
The selection was horrid.
They only had less than a dozen different kinds of hats for example.
They sold Indian moccasins and shoes.
I looked on the label.....MADE IN CHINA........since when did they get the indians?
However, if you are rushing to the airport and want some cheesey souvenir to take back , you could stop here if it is on the way and you are on the right side of the road.
Well maybe......
The airport has a better selection of quality products.

I come back to this place everytime I come to Vegas.
It's the best kitsch store I know and where else to find that kind of stuff besides Las Vegas!
There are two parts to the store.
The first half of the store is tacky souvenir coasters and oven mitts, which is the stuff I love too.
I guess if you dont like that stuff, then you shouldn't even come in.
But the second half is just the funnest stuff ever.
To me, kitsch is the epitome of NOT taking life so dang seriously.
they've got librarian action figures, fake plastic poop, jesus action figures, plastic ants, funny tin signs to decorate your room, plush armadillo handbags and all kinds of crap.
I once spent $50 here.
One of my favorite all time places to shop.
Seriously

There was no way I was about to let my companions stop me after seeing the sign boasting the World's Largest Gift Shop.
We took pictures in front.
It was that important.
The excitement died upon entering.
I swear I've seen bigger gift shops, and this one didn't have anything I was surprised by: t-shirts, hats, magnets, personalized dice, shot glasses, mugs.
Well, ok: I was surprised by the startlingly large section of gags/magic tricks (hand buzzers, oversized scissors, rubber chickens, etc.).
More than that, I was horribly disappointed by the guardian of said section: an animatronic parrot.
Anyone who knows me knows I love parrot anything.
I will TALK to fake parrots.
However, this parrot is Polly the Insulting Parrot, and it says things like, "Go fuck yourself" and implores you to show your tits (in those words).
In itself, this toy is stupid, but seriously, putting it right in front of the section kids go to???
I'm not even one of those "Won't someone PLEASE think of the children?!
" people, but seriously, this ain't right.

This is my liquor store!
If I am staying at this nice time time share nearby rather than try to get to a grocery store I come here.
There is an excellent selection of hard liquor.
If like to bottle pop in the comfort of your suite, rather than pay the exorbitant room service rates, walk or drive here.
I have picked up a few alcoholic themed souvenirs also.
There is an excellent selection of mini bottles and gift sets.
XXX rated shot glasses.
Every type of booze is offered here Cordials, Liqueurs and Everclear.
They also sell snacks and sundries.

I gotta hand it to them, they have almost everything in this store.
My uncle was looking for a Las Vegas doggie sweater, and I couldn't find it anywhere else.
Well actually, I couldn't find it here either -- they had doggie SHIRTS, and they weren't didn't have a generic "Las Vegas" logo like he wanted, just stupid catch phrases with "Las Vegas" at the bottom.
But it served its purpose, so thank you, Bonanza.

Cramped, messy, and some items/sizes not in stock .
Enough said!

Great for flask-sized bottles of liquor and full sized bottles as well.
Prices aren't bad for Vegas and can save you quite a bit over the retail prices in casinos.
That Johhny Walker Black flask bottle size was perfect for my daily activities, and a lot cheaper than paying by the glass with tips.

Largest selection of cheezy vegas T shirts and memorabilia I could find.
Not that any of it was worth while or of high quality.
But seriously check it out at night when its all lit up.

Hadn't been here since I was a kid!
And it's just as cheesy as I remembered!!
It's great to stop in here for some good laughs!

I have the dubious pleasure of living next door to the Bonanza, so it's become part of my daily routine.
For such an enormous liquor store, the beer selection is genuinely disappointing, with only one or two quality microbrews.
Likewise, their wine section consists largely of mass produced California stomach acid (think Beringer and Turning Leaf), several dollars above typical market price.
I could forgive these shortcomings--it's the north end of the Strip after all--but there's something I find faintly depressing about shopping here.
Security is tight and unpleasant, staff appear distracted and purchases take far too long.
It's an unfortunate example of what happens when a liquor store has no regular clientele.
Most of the shoppers are weekend tourists looking for a pint of Jack, so there's no incentive to make the experience friendly or pleasurable.
If that's what I wanted, I may as well shop at the Circle K up the street.

I was excited to stop here.
And then...  Can you say "Largest amount of mass produced garbage in one location"?
I bought nothing.
It might just be me, but I just can't bring myself to blow my money on trinkets that say Las Vegas, NV on them.
Why?
Cuz it's j-u-n-k. Can't I just buy a .99 ash tray in Salem and write Las Vegas on it myself?
Or a shot glass, or a t-shirt, or a picture frame?
How about those paper weights?
I could have sworn they stopped producing those when people realized that paper weights were worthless.
I did like the 'Texas Law-dog' that was standing at the entrance.
I like being scrutinized as I walked out the door like I would risk going to Las Vegas jail for an ash tray or shot glass.
Garbage town.
Bah!

You would think after having been here about a dozen times, I'd be sick of it...but I'm not.
Such a whacky store -- from its nazi-like security guards at the entrances -- and its fondness for specialized ash trays -- this place is DA BOMB.
Worth a visit.
You can shop cheaply for all your friends at home that were jealous of your trip to Vegas.

went there to pick up a t shirt for a cousin.
We live in Vegas so we were nearby and figured it would be cheap.
It is HORRENDOUS.
The place has what 6-8 truck stops might have in cheap gifts but at twice the price.
We asked a cashier a question and got a guttural response, not even a word, very RUDE...
It might look huge but do you need 10 shelves of the same UGLY clocks???
There are many better places to get gifts, choose any other... even the armed security guards looked bored.

So this was a place that I actually wanted to visit and check out for the longest time but since you are in Vegas usually to party and there are so many other things to do, you don't normally have the time or ability to convince your party to go with you here.
I got lucky since we needed shot glasses and cups for a room party that i convinced my friends to go here.
First thing that I noticed was that there was two parts to this place with a General store on the right.
There were security guards at the doors checking people out which gave it an unpleasant feeling.
I was thinking who steals prank toys and souvenirs.
I guess somebody does.
They even had security walking around like it was art or something and people couldn't be trusted.
The other problem I had with this place was that alot of it was the same exact stuff.
T-shirts, shot glasses, pictures and so forth.
The gags section was tiny too with maybe a small section for gags.
I saw this place on Television on the travel channel talking about how it was suppose to be the biggest gift and gag store around and this was suppose to be the place to visit.
Rarely have I had T.V lie to me but I believe they have.
They had their famous robotic talking parrots but other than that everything was kinda of the same.
You could definitely find more things inside of a Spencers store or online.

I visited here on my last trip to Vegas.
This place is packed with kind a of Las Vegas and gambling souvenir you can think of.
Anything from baseball caps to shot glasses.
We spent a good hour in that store I bought everything for the family.
Even though the stuff is cheap but I like it.
It love variety, I love the selection of stuff in there.
This is definitely a place to go for your Las Vegas souvenirs.

Love this place, plain and simple.
This is where I go to buy all my employees and coworkers their gifts when I come to Vegas.
The people that work here are very friendly and helpful and even offer to help me carry my bags to my car.
(probably because I always buy at least 7 or 8 bags of stuff.
You can get cheap tshirts, keychains, shot glasses and pretty much anything else that says "Vegas" on it.
This is a place I must stop at on every trip.

This is THE one-stop shop for every possible scrap of Vegas crap you could ever think of purchasing.
My 14-year-old self would have gone nuts buying up all the themed skulls, mildly-offensive magnets (dieting with Jesus rules!
), gaudy ashtrays and shirts with stupid Vegas slogans.
The adult version of me, however, prefers to walk around here with a minor smile at how many trashy novelties one store can cram inside itself.
This is "the world's largest gift store", a claim which probably isn't all that true, and one that can't be verified, either.
But it guarantees you'll waste a good hour of your life walking around, pointing & laughing.
This is a good spot for buying shit for your friends that they'll be instantly amused with, then whatever item you bought them will be swiftly stored away, never to be seen again.
Does anyone really need any of this stuff?
I usually buy a magnet if I'm here.
Aside from some newer items, like endless CSI merch, the stock looks like it hasn't been rotated since Nixon was in office.
Come in with expectations of finding nothing of necessity, and you'll more than likely end up finding something to feel the trip inside was worth it.

Lots of great Vegas souvenir crap at cheap prices!
Looking for tee shirts, shot glasses, ashtrays and magnets?
Look no further.
My fave item that they sell happens to be used deck of playing cards from actual hotels.
I like stuff like that.

You CANNOT go to Vegas & not stop by this place.
It's as iconic of a place then any of the casinos.
Place is HUGE w/ anything you'd ever want.

Need cheap gifts for friends, family, an ex, the kid, or even your pet...Check it out.
Plus cheap place to buy booze to keep in your hotel room to suck down before you head to the casino to try and get comp drinks... Also good place for late night munchies to get you over the drunkan haze before stumbling back to the strat to pass out.
Lots of adult themed items to buy for friends!

There are so many souvenir shops in Vegas that carry the same stuff, and I constantly wonder if I will find something better or cheaper at the next store.
This one has everything...and it's the cheapest.
So make your life easier and just come here.
We laughed when I walked by the "insult parrot" and it said, "Hey baby, show me your tits!
" Lots of fun trinkets like that.
Excellent for bachelor or bachelorette parties, birthdays, or just fun stuff to take home to your friends.
The reason I don't give it 5 stars is because it really is all the usual stuff you see at the other souvenir shops.

This store is HUGE!
It has different sections full of wonderful souvenirs you can get.. of course they're not all cheap, BUT they are cheaper then the ones you find on the main strip.
They have their items arranged by design so you can get shot glasses, cigarette ashtrays, coffee mugs, etc.
of the same design and then move on to another.
This makes it super easy to shop around.
they also have shirts, stuffed animals, rocks, magnets, key chains, anything with the word 'VEGAS' stamped on it that you can think of.
I ended up spending $73 but I did get souvenirs for all my friends ans relatives.
This is definitely a place to hit up on your way back home.

I was very excited to check out their naughty section, which they claim is the best in Vegas...not so much!
I was really counting on the XXX section in the back...I searched and searched but there wasn't one.
So, that was a bust BUT their liquor section is quite the selection.
I was very impressed to find...anything and everything.
The souvenirs are cheap and there are some interesting items besides the usual key chains, mugs, shirts, etc.
I believe it's one of the oldest stores in Vegas, definitely worth a glance but you have to travel to end of the strip...it's worth the travel for the cheap prices.

They have sort of an amazing liquor selection and at very reasonable prices.
I've never ventured in tot he souvenir side, but it looks impressive from the outside.

If you're looking for a particular souvenier from Las Vegas, chances are that you'll find it here.
The clientele can range from the well to do, to the unsavory as there's a not so nice neighborhood closeby.
The staff are, well, there.
No one offered any assistance - however, it's not like you really need it unless you want to try stuff on or check out things behind the counters.
Even then, don't expect world class service.
Lots of parking but I did stop by at night.
I've driven by during the day and seen it jam packed with cars and buses.
Cool stuff.
Offensive stuff.
Weird stuff.
Useless stuff.
All kinds of stuff.

This side is much better than the gift side.
They have a nice section with liquor.
Decent prices.
Security officer and sales clerks were very nice and helpful.
They take credit cards over a $10 minimum.

What was I thinking to step foot in this dump?
I had family in from out of town that wanted t-shirts to take home to Nebraska.
Bonanza has t-shirts, really good ones if you like lame knockoffs and hoochie mama type shirts but nothing you'll want to be seen in outside of Fremont St. much less wearing it in Lincoln, NE.
If you want 25 different Las Vegas themed shot glasses, CSI knockoffs, used decks of cards from Harrah's, and 6 different colors of dice you'll find it here.
You'll also find overly aggressive security who treats everyone as thieves in waiting, and a checkout process that is a bit archaic.
Oh and there's somebody at the door to check your receipt like that's going to keep someone from stealing something?
And the staff has to be one of the most sourpussed group of unfortunate souls collecting a check in the city.
After stopping here I kinda wish that all the demolition on the North end of the Strip, ie: The Frontier and such had been done a little bit further North.
Perhaps once the SLS Las Vegas revives the Sahara some developer will come in and remove this crappy place.
While I'm all for preserving Old Vegas, pictures of this dump will suffice vs. keeping the real thing.
This review is for the Gift Shop only and not the liquor store.
Which might be about the only redeeming quality for this place.

At 40,000 square feet, the Bonanza General Store gets to call itself the world's largest gift store.
It may not actually be true, but it's definitely the largest in Vegas.
So when I got a call from my mom asking for a new Las Vegas coffee mug, as her last one had broke, I knew exactly where to go.
There is a $10 minimum to use a debit card and, of course, the coffee mug I wanted was only $7.
So my mom got a coffee mug AND a travel cup.
The employee that informed me of the minimum and then also rang me up once I had selected a second item was friendly.... And the lady working security at the front door was also quite pleasant.
Maybe I went on a good day?
Or maybe the staff here are as friendly to the customers as the customers are to them?
Not sure...
In addition to all sorts of Las Vegas themed souvenirs, from shot glasses to ashtrays...  You will find a plethora of other items for sale...
There is an area dedicated to naughty gifts, check out the foul mouthed parrot.
There is also a large liquor store, perfect for your pre-gaming needs.
The worst part of my shopping experience?
The drunk idiot tourists standing in the parking lot, blocking access to parking spots.

I am reviewing the General Store specifically.
I went to all of the stores, but the General Store was a nice experience.
I went in looking for a miniature liquor bottle for my friend back home.
I wanted something unique that we can't buy here in southern NM.
(Which is a lot of things) The employee named Mark helped us so much.
He explained tons of things about liquor that I never ever knew.
Then again, I am a virgin to alcohol.
I just turned 21 in January so I don't know that much.
I thought it was really nice that he took his time with my boyfriend and I.
We had a good time learning from his expertise!
He wasn't pushy and respected our budget restraints.
I came home with a lot of knowledge about rum and tequila.
This shop gets 4 stars because it's a little bit more expensive than other liquor stores in Vegas (Lee's Discount), but they do have SOME things that I couldn't find at Lee's.
Particularly the Alien tequila in reposado and anejo.

Best souvenir shop in Vegas by far.
Everything, from tourist play cards to used cards and chips from actual casinos.
I picked up used cards and dice from some old-time Vegas casinos and a pictorial book "Vegas, Then & Now" and just love the history and changes of this city.

Every type of cheap Las Vegas junk under one roof.

I always come here when I visit Vegas to buy cheap souvenirs for friends and coworkers.
There are a lot of practical joke type of things and gags here.
In the back where the water bottles are sold they did have a robotic parrot that was dropping the F-bomb for kids to hear.
Not appropriate.
If you bring in bags from other stores they must be checked in at the door.
There is always some kind of security guard here too.
Just to let you know.

Imagine if there was a Spencer's Gifts on the Strip.
That's the Bonanza General Store.
Assorted knick-knacks and tacky Las Vegas merchandise and t-shirts combined with adult gag gifts.
It's definitely worth a stop for the Vegas kitsch.

First time in Vegas?
THIS is the place to stop.
Right on the strip, huge parking lot, HUGE store.
Prices suprisingly cheap and anything from flashy to trashy can be found here.
Ashtrays, snow globes, liscence plates, t shirts, shot glasses, they have everything!
It gets pretty full, but they have a lot of registers, the staff is nice, worth a stop for any tourist.

This is pretty nostalgic for me, my sister and I used to come here and buy the dumbest things.
Like making smoke come out your fingers.
It was a fun ride back home.
I was 12, that was a very very long time ago.
Come to think about it nothing much has changed, I still buy the dumbest things I don't need..  For example, recently I purchased mozzarella cheese making kit that i wil never have time to use or make and poopurri (check it out, hilarious commercial on YouTube)well the poopurri is well worth it..

This place is pretty big.
You can find all sorts of souvenirs, novelty items and t-shirts.
Prices seem pretty reasonable and the staff are friendly and helpful.
They have a ton of stuff though... probably a little too much for the floor space they have.
I think if they filtered out a little of the truly junky stuff, they could make it easier to walk around without bumping into things.

Both website and voicemail state they're open from 8 am to midnight, but when we get there at 8:15 am the RUDE security guard says they're open at 9 am.
We told him they should change their voicemail and he looks at us again and says coldly, 9 am.
Never going back here.

