Very large thrift store, worth a look.
Definitely a lot of garbage that no one will ever buy, but there are finds if you dig around.

You are more likely to find an abandoned poopy diaper in the corner of a dressing room here than something actually worth buying.
Back in the day, this used to be THE place to find awesome vintage tees and dresses in Vegas, but now it's just overpriced, lame shit- absolutely nothing is vintage, all the potentially valuable stuff is sold to dealers, and none of it is properly inspected for damage before being put on the racks.
A lame waste of time unless you are looking for a six year old $10 BCBG top with yellow armpit stains, or a used cum stained nighty (that's right folks, they have an entire lingerie section full of USED UNDERWEAR).
This place is just one big abandoned poopy diaper.

Yeah, the area is not the best, but I've actually found some good deals here.
But I wouldn't go here at night, either.
This one is busy and crowded, but I ignore that part, because the selection is very good.
I usually find something here.
I once saw two old ladies grab at aloha shirts- e-bay sellers maybe; they had a cart full of mens aloha shirts.
As with all Savers, it's well-organized.
Make a donation, get a coupon for 20% off your purchase over $10.00.
Holidays mean long lines commence before the store even opens.
Color tags mean an extra 50% off.
Mondays are 99 cents for a certain color tag.

Headline: Savers Saves Summerlin!
In the great class-war of this town, a canon shot was heard through Red Rock, with victory won for the ecologically conscious shopper!
Boy did we need some thrift to rival the tack of the Tivoli Village Opening.
Summerlin desperately needed a little Patina to restore it's character, and the new Saver's on Lake Mead has totally delivered!
We rummaged and found some great vintage goodies; turkish coffee pot, halloween wig, louieville slugger limited edition baseball bat.
Thirty bucks out the door baby!

Kind of run-down area, but nice clean store with THE BEST deals I've ever gotten at a Savers, namely:   - a brand new Old Navy maxi dress for 20% off $7, but more importantly...  - a brand new Brighton bag ("Corazon") which retailed for $175... for 20% off $25.
(See photo!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/LWxSTjV6zybxIZKkSK3SNQ?select=jOuMmwt8bxXIB2RkAjCseA#jOuMmwt8bxXIB2RkAjCseA)  Yup, a gorgeous, older Brighton bag in PERFECT shape for $20.
I've wanted this bag ever since I got into Brighton, which must be about ten years now.
I did a little dance.
(When no one could see me, I did a couple more little dances.
)  Savers in general can be really hit or miss - the clothing is fairly overpriced, but there are often deals to mitigate that.
Most locations have colored tags which denote what will be 50% off that day.
Thursdays, club card members get 20% off, and if you make a donation you also get 20% off.
But the bag is MINE!

RIP-OFF ALERT!!!!!
Went for a little school clothes shopping - prices are way out of whack - jeans with holes for $18, faded out t-shirts for $2, AND THEN... went to pay for 5 magazines.
A sign by the books clearly states: "Magazines 29 cents", only @ the checkout they were marked on the back 99 cents!!!
Talked to manager who just said that's their system.
Won't be going back.
Honesty is NOT company policy.

I normally think Savers is a big junk shop.
But I did pretty good in this one.
3 cookbooks, 3 San Francisco 49'ers glasses, and couple other odds-n-ends.
The store was, busy, clean and loaded with all kinds of stuff.
Happy Hunting!

This was one of my favorite Savers locations.
Cute clothes at reasonable prices.
However, as of late, talk about price gauging.
Used donated jeans for $50.
Give me a break!
Expressed to manager that their pricing has become unreasonable for used donated clothing.
Would not hear any of my comments.
I was told that jeans were "NEW" even though it did not have any tags and if I looked up the item online I would find the jeans at the same price.
I thought that Savers was categorized as a "Thrift Store".
Since when do you compete with online retailers?
How do you help your community with those on a limited budget.
You are taking advantage!

Me thinks not.
This place is great when it comes to product or merchandise.
I can always and I mean always find something I like.
I have a certain routine I follow.
My ritual: first shoes/jeans/skirts/then shirts.
After that I just start to wander about.
They are pretty organized as well by size and category.
Which is always a plus.
The only downer to this place is that the staff is horribly trained or they just don't give a shiz.
99% of the time the items are marked at half price of the original price.
So Ed hardy sneaks are normally $30.
Well here they cost $20 or $15, depending on the day you go.
My last experience was the final straw though, I went to the shoes found some brand new Reebok.
They said $15.00.
So I said to myself, "they are so new, they are worth it.
"   I walk up to the register and the lady "the manager" says 'no no, these are $25.00.
"   I said but it says $15.
She said, "I am sorry but one of the reps. must have missed priced them.
"   so I say, "can you just honor the price.
I mean they are prices by your staff.
"   The manager went on to say," I am sorry ma'am but we have a policy and we have to follow that policy.
"  I ended up asking for corp. number which was a moot point, because they have never called me back and never did anything to rectify the situation.
Never again.

This place was not great.
Quality of items not up to par with what I'm used to at other Savers locations.
I never leave empty handed at a thrift store, and if I do, it's because I figure I've been shopping too much lately (but have something in mind I would get otherwise).
This place had absolutely nothing that interested me whatsoever.
I was so disappointed!
I may go back today and give it another shot, but this was more full of junky items than any other thrift store I've ever been to.

No shame in my thrift store game!
The inventory is turning constantly here, so feel free coming every week.
The deals are AH-mazing!
The store is clean and the staff is very accommodating and friendly.
I love it here!!
Poppin' tags!

