Good thrift store.
Crowded!
small.
No dressing rooms.
But i went on a limb and grabbed two pairs of jeans for 15 bucks total.
One pair is awesome, the other is okay.
But I'll take it.
I grabbed some good books as well.
I will definitely go back but probably not on the weekend this time.

OMG!
I loved this store (but I'm definitely biased since I found my new favorite purse there.
lol) Here are the facts...
PRO - They have an awesome collection of "stuff" behind a glass counter.
This is all the really cool stuff.
I bought an authentic LV white leather purse in very good condition for $50  CON - No Dressing Rooms and it's pretty small  PRO - Staff is very friendly.
Me and two other ladies had the poor lady behind the "secret glass counter" running back and forth letting us look at all the awesome stuff she had back there and she never once got snappy (even when we wouldn't end up taking any of the items she brought out for us).
She was super frienly and UBER patient.
CON - The clothing selection isn't that great.

I used to shop at this thrift shop a lot in my 20's.
I used to love wool v-neck sweaters and vintage button down cardigans (kinda like the ones that Mr. Rogers wore)- and yes, they had that old funky smell someone mentioned on another thrift store review (so cali).
I had a vintage clothing addiction that sometimes this place would feed- navy uniforms, dresses, printed collared shirts, wool plaid shirts.
I was in college at the time and wanted to express myself through clothing, plus I didn't really want to wear what everyone else was wearing (I still shopped in the malls too BTW.).
Most of the customers were older, and not too many from my age group came here to shop, which was even cooler.
I still have my treasured finds from here: two vintage cocktail vanity chairs in mustard yellow and white (one in each color).
They are in need of some repair (the wood) but not giving them up (do you know who hard it is to find art deco stuff?).
Small parking lot, but you may find parking along the street, if you're lucky and you can parallel park (you'd be surprised at how many people don't know how to do that, I'm from the bay, so you know I'm experienced).
It's also kinda small, compared to Savers (the thrift department store).
But hey, if you don't find anything, go up the street to Savers, it's not far.
This is before Buy/Sell/Trade places became popular, enter Buffalo Exchange, a few years later.
For years, I saw the same manager, who was so nice and pleasant (seemed to be a good mood every day, didn't seem to have bad days ever); wonder if he is still there.
For the most part, did not have too many problems with questionable people.
I need to check this place out again, maybe over the weekend.

After three bunk yard sales and attempting to go to a super-crowded Estate Sale in our neighborhood (most items were priced at $1- this was on the local news, so I should've known, right?
), we went here on a whim on saturday morning.
My husband calls this place "stuck in time- like the one Napoleon Dynamite shopped in.
" Yes, it still looks the same, there is that same turnstile in the front, the posted signs for the store policies, up at the front, the clothing categories, boutique section, electronics, and other housewares are still located in the same exact places.
You must purchase boutique items are the boutique register- this lady was super busy with customers inquiring to see certain items (health & beauty, jewelry, accessories, and higher priced items like handbags- saw Coach).
Yes, it is small, and yes, the parking lot is small, and then you follow the signs to the street side parking, haha, how funny.
It's packed with shoppers, though.
All Sales Final.
The downside is there is no dressing room.
The upside is my husband found some Speedo swim gloves (improves your stroke strength) for me priced at $4.99 (mine broke recently and I hadn't gone to the sporting goods store).
This new package was from Big 5 and originally marked $19.99.
What a steal!
This was such a find, that I might make this a regular stop every month.

Aside from the random $5 can of Gillette shaving cream stored in the jewelry case (look for it), the items here are priced to sell.
And they actually slash prices very often.
This place rocks for furniture, but you have to be quick.
This is now my go-to Vegas thrift store because it's actually priced like a thrift store, feels like a thrift store, and acts like a thrift store.
Wow, it's an actual THRIFT STORE.
Who knew that these relics existed anymore?
Places like Savers occasionally have a good deal to be found (and usually a little higher quality), but Goodwill was just tripping utter balls.
I have not had good luck with clothes here at all.

