We have had this warranty service for more than 8 years but have probably had less than a dozen calls over that period.
In the last year we had a minor electrical problem.
The GFI switch in our garage, which was on the same circuit as our upstairs bathroom tripped, repeatedly.
After 2 or 3 unsuccessful repair calls @ $55.00 each, we had given up, BUT then we thought we'd try one more time since we were tired of going down the stairs and out to the garage each night at least once to reset the GFI.
The electrician came and replaced the outlet AGAIN, but this time with a different brand.
The same brand as the home had originally.
The problem was solved.
Apparently they had been using an inferior grade product.
If it that was that difficult for a small problem, I wonder what it would be like if we had had a major need?

We purchased our home and it has the warranty paid for through August so of course we used it when having problems with our dishwasher.
After having their repair people over here 5 times *(6 weeks of service calls and parts being ordered and then having GE come out and give it a try) GE said it would cost $426 to repair including the part and Home Warranty decided to "cash out" which means they paid us $175 for the part since they weren't willing to pay for the labor.
REALLY?
To replace it with the exact same unit would have cost $1,300 for some reason.
The girls that answer the phone act as if we got the deal of the century since they paid us.
The coverage states DISHWASHER: All components and parts, including entire unit.
I guess that means if it's one part that requires a lot of labor you are out of luck.
This company is a complete waste of time and money and I honestly feel like they are in business to collect you $55 service call fees and you get the added bonus of waiting 1/2 day for the repair person to come out.
It's a much better deal to get a great handyman and when an appliance can't be repaired to replace it since this warranty company obviously doesn't actually replace a unit.

I hate these people.
(at least in the office)  They cannot find their way out of a paper bag to save their life, in the billing dept.
They can't set up autopay, (really?
In 2012?
)and then they don't send out notices for the future payments.
Then, the lady told me that my credit card didn't go through so she needed a second card.
I gave it to her, and then got a phone call later that afternoon that they were refunding the first card because the payment went through on both cards.
Today I get a call that I still owe for the second and third installments.
Get a clue people

My wife considered using this company for our home warranty since she had used them before when she had her own house.
She contacted the office and they scheduled a home inspection but not before requiring a $200 payment which would be the scheduled payment.
A while later, a gentleman showed up and inspected the house.
He was very polite and thorough but unfortunately could not check the A/C unit, as he didn't have a ladder and the temperature outside was too cold to have it come on.
He told me that once it warmed up we could easily schedule the unit to be checked.
My wife called the office to confirm the information and the lady on the phone was very rude and seemed bothered by the questions.
The lady then said that while they could check the unit later, if it did not function for whatever reason, they would not cover the unit.
My wife told her she did not feel comfortable paying for a service that would not cover the A/C and requested a refund of the $200 she had paid them.
She was then told that she would need to send a signed statement to get a refund and after doing that, she had still not received a refund.
My wife contacted them again and the same rude lady told her they have up to 45 days to refund the money.
As of 11/25/12 we have yet to receive our refund and this fiasco started a month ago.
I cannot in good conscience ever recommend this company to anyone given their lack of customer service and lack of professionalism.
I also find it very unnerving that they would require a Pre-payment of $200 for a service contract they can't even honor unless the house passes inspection first.

I currently have three properties covered with them.
None will be renewed.
They sent out a "plumber" to check on a burned out disposal motor.
The "plumber" stuck his hand down the drain, called the office, and came back with, "they don't want to cover this.
" And Jessica at the office?
Yikes!
Develop some customer services skills.
They're only in business to collect your $55 service call fees.

This company is a complete sham!
"Jessica" told me that the compressor for the a/c unit would be covered, they could not get anyone out there for 2 more days (never mind that it was 103 degrees outside when I called).
After much frustration and finally having to get the local sales rep involved, they scheduled repair for the next day.
Only, they would not cover the compressor repair.
They have only one repair company that they work with for EVERYTHING and refuse to extend beyond that one company when it is  too busy.
Stay away from this warranty company and go with a larger company if you feel you must have a home warranty.

STAY AWAY FROM NATIONAL HOME WARRANTY IF YOU VALUE YOUR PROPERTY, YOUR TIME, AND YOUR MONEY!!!
If there were a choice to rate "0 STARS" I would!
What a poor excuse for a home warranty company!
They have no interest in providing service to their clients, only in the almighty dollar!
With the temperature in the hundreds outside, a baby and my Husband on bed-rest at home, my AC went out.
After getting the claim# from my proactive and extremely helpful property management company (Dana Realty), I called NHW Inc. to find out when they'd be repairing the compressor on my unit as it was 96 in my home - I was told "minimum 2 days - too bad so sad - thanks, have a good day"!
What was I supposed to do with a critically ill husband and an infant so hot he was sick?
They didn't care one bit!
We were just another number on their list of repairs that they'd get to when they felt like it!
They were EXTREMELY uncooperative with our property managers who bent over backward for us to get the job done since NHW INC. just "passed the buck" up the hierarchy and could STILL offer no assistance.
All I know, that if it weren't for the owners and assistant at Dana Realty having to pay out of pocket for evaluation, service calls, a portable AC unit AND for a new compressor (because National Home Warranty claims faulty wiring!!!
BS!
The unit was replaced less than 6 months ago!!!!!!!
) WE WOULD STILL BE WAITING ON THEM TO FIX OUR AC!!!
Their customer service toward our management company and us as tenants is inexcusable!
WHAT IS THE POINT IN HAVING A HOME WARRANTY IF THEY REFUSE TO HONOR IT!

GARBAGE!!
This company is a bunch of dumb asses!!
They claim its' my fault when they send out a bill and I don't get it.
Even though the girl said they been having issues with the mail.
My claim wont be active since my payments are behind.
It's behind because I never received the statement to make a payment.
The funny part, if you want a refund, you have to mail them a letter saying why you want to quit.
Even thought you are talking to them on the phone.
Then you lose $ per day.
I bet they claim they didnt get the letter too lol.
Biggest waste of money I spent for almost 5 years.
Glad this mishap woke me up.
This company is a scam and they can kiss my ass.
I referred 5 people and they will cancel as well.
The customer service sucks and they act all high and mighty.
If I could give 0 stars I would.
Something I hope yelp does.
I hope this company goes out of business and those 2 snobby bitches lose there job.
One of them can't even speak english.
I thought I called some foreign number and had to look at my phone and make sure it was a Vegas # lol.
Companies who run like that and treat the paying customer like dirt does not deserve to be in business.
DO NOT BUY A HOME WARRANTY FROM NATIONAL HOME WARRANTY!!!!
PASS THE WARNING TO ANYONE WHO HAS OR LOOKING AT NATIONAL HOME WARRANTY

I have a contract with National Home Warranty for a year.
About 6 months ago my oven was broken, and then I called them to came out to fix it.
Until now they haven't done it yet.
When I called customer service for the answer, they said it's not their job I have to contact direct to their contractor to have the answer.
I don't know what kind of shit job they do.
The worst service I have never met.

HAPPY CUSTOMER!!
I own several rental properties in the Las Vegas area.
I've had home warranties through National Home Warranty, Inc. since summer 2009.
They have always been able to do what I pay them for and I am a happy customer.
I just acquired an additional property and will purchase the home warranty from NHW.

Bought a house and seller paid this home warranty through escrow.
NHW are prepaid for the year now.
Leak from a bathroom above kitchen is found, I call NHW and tell them I can see water pooling on the ceiling there.
They say, call my home owner's insurance as the water damage, if any, would not be covered under the warranty repair but they will come and fix the plumbing wherever the source of the leak is found.
They say they will only replace drywall but not finish it out if any holes need to be cut.
This is a key statement and commitment.
I think, OK, they are passing the buck already.
They tell me I have to call their contact to schedule.
My prior years of experience was that other warranty companies made those calls for me and had those contractors call me to schedule.
Anyhow, I'm doing the leg work now since they cannot do that amount of service.
Telling indicators are growing.
I call plumbing contact they say sometime today but do not know when.
Plumber eventually shows about 8 hours later (I've now missed a day's work waiting around).
Guy peeks at toilet, says he suspects plastic supply line under floor.
Says he needs to cut ceiling below to get to pipe but I must sign a waiver for the warranty company.
I say, hold on, that is their job why a waiver for the warranty company?
Anyhow a bunch of phone calls are made; he's calling his folks and I'm calling NHW.
I'm told on 2 different occasions in this call again that they will only repair to an unfinished level the hole that needs to be cut.
I ask why the waiver then?
They say because we do not know what is above the ceiling until the guy opens.
I say OK but what about closing the hole then, as promised in the morning and earlier in the call.
BTW I was put on hold numerous times for them to huddle about what to say to me.
Now I am told a different answer, get testy, ask for other supervisor (apparently already speaking to one of them) but have to wait for her to come back from lunch.
Now plumber has suddenly left without speaking to me, leaves an invoice copy saying I am to cut hole and call them back when ready.
I go racing outside to stop him to no avail.
He has the $55 check though.
I call his company and say check is cancelled unless you come back to do the work.
She agrees and will get him turned around and back.
That 2nd NHW super finally calls back.
She says that paragraph 11 in my warranty agreement which that states they may need to cut holes to repair and will only replace drywall but not finish the repair, yeah, that is voided now by Para.8 which, in her interpretation, declares the water leaking into the ceiling a secondary damage and thus is "incidental" (the language of P8).
I ask to clarify and inform the nature of secondary and how the primary leak that is now wetting the drywall prevents anyone from cutting through to stop the leak.
That is their logic, indeed.
I have to do the work to cut away the drywall in order for them to inspect the pipe notwithstanding p11 that says they will do so if they must.
They will not honor #11 any more.
So we are all clear, secondary damage would really be if the unrepaired pipe caused the ceiling to collapse and break, say, an expensive table or my 19 month old girl's back or something.
That table break is secondary to the ceiling damage by the leaking pipe.
They now will do nothing because of the leak.
Which is why anyone gets their warranty coverage, to repair said leak.
So I've done the labor and am waiting for the plumber to return to fix the toilet leak.
They somehow expect the leak to stop itself, the dry wall to dry up, then they will open the ceiling and repair a self-healed leak, and partially repair the ceiling.
Once plumber finishes this pipe fix I am cancelling, getting a full refund, and filing in Small Claims Court for the cost to repair the ceiling.
Avoid these guys at all costs.
I am going back to HSA Warranty.
A little more expensive but they have done end to end on all prior repairs and no issues like this.

The worst home warranty insurance I have ever seen.
They are rude and unprofessional.
They are so scared that they don't even let you talk to the owner if you have a complain.

When I came to Yelp to write this review, I was blown away to see the low rating because I have had nothing but one excellent experience after another with them.
I am in AZ and I have the AZ portion of the warranty and this is hands down the best home warranty company I have ever used and believe me, I have used several others in the past 15 years with nothing but issues.
They are always friendly and they get my servicing done immediately.
I highly recommend them to anyone who is tired of the home warranty scams that just take your money and never follow through with their end of the deal.
I have had my contract for about a year and have had to have my dryer and refrigerator fixed and now both of my toilets have decided to act a fool at the same time.
They are sending someone out today to take care of it.
In the past, the other home warranty companies I have dealt with were quick to take my money but slow to fix any issues.
I highly recommend them.
BTW, Rachel is a real gem and the perfect example of great customer service!

I live in Las Vegas and just called the local number here to get more information.
I spoke with JESSICA and I must say she is probably the rudest person that I have ever spoke with.
If she was like that to me, a new prospect, I can only imagine how they treat their actual customers.
Needless to say, I will NOT be using their service NOR will I refer anyone to them.

I've been a customer of National Home Warranty since about 2001.
Since they were purchased by new owner (I think his name is Mike Eastwood?
), the customer service and communication has gone down.
Perhaps poor attitudes reflect that even the employees aren't happy?
Poor communication skills,  calls not returned in timely manor , has denied  claims and even made the issue with the home worse.
I will not recommend National Home Warranty again.

