Tourist Heaven!
My sister and I got all our goodies from here.
If your tourist in Vegas and get thirsty or a little hungry, this is the best place for you to get snacks at non tourist prices.
We went here everynight to get items.
Who can get a 42 ounce soda for $0.99?
You can...

I lived across from this Circle K for an entire year, so I know every square inch--from the sandwich island to the walk-in refrigerator.
Shopping here is a truly uncomfortable experience.
The parking lot is typically strewn with broken glass and wandering transients.
The food is macabre, unless you enjoy microwaved Big Az Burgers and sausage muffins.
The selection of wines makes my eyes water...tetra paks of Vendage and Barefoot...sob.
Nonetheless, I can't honestly give it one star.
It's considerably cheaper than the Bonanza Gift Shop and the service is efficient (to say the least).
It's not a terrible place to go if you need a can of Chelada or a bag of chips on the Strip.
That's the best recommendation I can make...the choice is yours, should you choose to accept it.
Oh, for some extra fun, you might visit here around 2AM on a Friday night.
I've never seen such an assortment of bedraggled alcoholics and crazed tourists.
They actually position the security guard by the door to bounce the riff raff.
Yowsa...

Perfect for tourists like me that decide to brave the 15 freeway and drive 10 hours to Vegas, rather than hop on a plane and eat salty nuts.
As soon as we arrived in Vegas we stopped at this little gem for snacks and some cold road sodas.
Ended up with some 3 packs of Bud Light ($4.99), Jalapeno Chex Mix ($1.89) and a couple other 20 oz.
sodas ($1.59).
We were in and out of there really quickly due to convenient parking up front and fast service.
Also nice is that they will give you change on your debit card.
Not all places do this.
7-11s do but only up to $10.00.
We took $40 back in change from our purchase!
Love being able to do that.

This is one of three or for Circle K stores I stop at for my morning coffee, depending on which route I take to work.
Yeah, the early morning crowd can be a little sketchy, but the cashiers are always nice and Circle K has the BEST coffee of all the inconvenience stores.
Yes, even 7-11.
But I'm still mad they don't have the cinnamon coffee anymore.
That's not their fault, the supplier discontinued it I believe.
Minus a couple of stars for the floor always being sticky and the soda machine not being clean.

This place has the cheapest gas coming into Vegas from CA.
I don't go in so I can't comment on that but the parking lot is always clean.
I always get a pump quickly which is a plus.
I haven't seen any crazy people either, I just gas and go!

Granted this store is not in the most favorable of locations.
However the customer service is superior and they will always greet you upon entrance.
The store itself is very clean, considering the amount of rif raf that enters.
Don't be afraid to come in here!!
Tell big Mike I said hi.

