This is the only place in town where I can go get my nails and eyebrows done.
I have tried other places and they did a horrible job!
The only bad thing about it is that it gets very busy with waits up to an hour.
They always do an amazing job with my nails.
They have magazines and a tv for entertainment.
They have full service from acrylics, waxes, to haircuts.

i used to love this place !
i would always go alone never with my kids and today i happen to take my kids with me and the owner treated me like shit!!
my son got up to ask if he can use the rest room and she said on the left and keep it clean this time i told her they never been here before she said yes i recognized  them !
my kids have never have step foot in this place ever just this time i went !
i would never go back to them there all rude no class no respect for no one !
and most of the people who work there have no licence to work in a nail salon !!
i don't not recommend this place to no one!

So this place doesnt have many reviews so ill jump right in and give mine....the best nail tech in this place is Kris.
Yes its busy but its usually only about 15 minutes....and seriously target is r I ght next door.
..she is well worth waiting for.
I've been to many nail places in town and I will drive across town just to come see her.
She definitely knows her nail stuff.
And my five stars are specifically for her.

i wish i could give this nail salon zero stars.. or even negative stars.
from being a cosmetologist myself i have expectations for not only the nail service but customer service.
i used to go to this place every two weeks for about two years straight - not for the location itself but only for a certain nail tech.
while i went here i would witness countless upon countless horrible customer service cases - all from the owner michelle herself!!
if you bring children she automatically treats you like crap and threatens you if they break anything you buy it - why threaten if the child is sitting arms folded politely??
just rude.
she is also a hardcore racist.
depending on your color is how she will not only treat you but charge you.
she even treats her workers like trash.
her workers are definitely not the best technical wise - but they are much nicer to deal with then she is.
my nail tech was eventually chased away by her and so i left as well - i have been going to a different salon for quite awhile now.
today i was at target and decided to go there as a convenience since its next door.
i called ahead to make an appointment so i wouldnt have to wait - michelle answered and told me they no longer take appointments but i would only wait an average of 5-10 minutes.
i came in and there was two people ahead of me.
michelle told me it would be about 10 minutes - no problem.
30 minutes later.. i asked how much longer it would be - she said about 1 hour.
i asked what happened to the 10 minute guarantee when i walked in - she yelled at me that i had people ahead of me and i had to wait my turn.
i understand first come first serve.. but how do you tell someone 10 minutes - and then it turns to an hour and a half?!
i would have appreciated honesty - as i would have never wasted 30 minutes in the first place.
i will never go back again and thats a promise!!
their products are old, most techs are not even legally licensed ((i was told by her own children that work there doing nails illegally)), everything is dirty, and then you get treated like your garbage!!
yes - its alittle cheaper then most places BUT you honestly get what you pay for.
if your on this side of town - drive one intersection over to nellis and stewart and go to kikais nails by cicis pizza.
they charge only a few dollars more but they are amazing, fast, honest, clean, highly skilled, and beyond polite!

Like one of the other customers said on her review the customer service here is terrible.
Unlike the workers of this place I will remain a lady and not cuss even though this place deserves to have that kind of foul language used to describe this salons horrible customer service.
I went on Valentine's day 2/14/2014.
Sat for over and hour only to be told I would not be worked on because I wanted pink powder used with my white tips.
I explained that I had the original set done elsewhere and I had had a fill done there with pink powder before with no problem.
Didn't matter she told me to leave and have a Happy Valentine's day.
Bottom line, want to be treated with respect, go elsewhere.

Lots of different people but I love Kerry.
She does amazing 3D and they stay on.
She is very creative!

If I could give this place NO stars, I would!
The polishes are super cheap (I ended up repainting when I got home), waited and stood in the entrance while a rude worker directed where clients went and offered no open seating to the others standing in the front of the shop, nor cared.
ICE COLD water for manicure bowl, no base coat, high upsells on basic polish designs and asked for an additional $1 for using my debit card AFTER it was swiped and signed for (which mean lady in front of shop SHOUTED from her CHAIR to my Nail Tech, who was VERY nice... in the BACK of the salon).
Hair and Nail Zone is Hair and Nail Drones... as the staff looked so unhappy to be there and I was, too!
I'll NEVER BE BACK and I wish Tabitha Coffey could visit this place and turn them into a professional and organized business!

