The Sorrento Room Restaurant in Las Vegas is a hidden gem.
We love this place!
It is located in the Italian American Club building but it is open to the public-no membership needed.
It still has a vintage feel to  it and is one of the few old Vegas type restaurants.
The food is always fabulous and everyone we have recommended has had a great meal and time here.
There is a large ballroom next to the bar and sometimes bands will play there.
Often on Wed-Sat nights there is a lounge singer and maybe a small band performing in the bar.
I HIGHLY recommend this place.
IT IS NOT a fancy place -but very good just the same.
Lots of regular customers have been comin g here for years.

What a great meal and a great night!
We dressed up in vintage and went and had a ball.
We started with drinks at the full bar.
Our bartendress was jovial and knew her craft.
Once we were seated, the service staff was unfussy, professional yet friendly, and perfect.
We ordered the Calamari, Artichokes Franchese and Buffalo Mozzerella appetizers.
The artichokes were so good I asked to changed my main dish to them over some angel hair pasta, which they graciously obliged.
Everyone of us loved their meal (I have to admit, I was so into my meal that I forgot to check out what everyone else was having) and the portions were large enough to have the leftovers for lunch the next day (still fantastic!).
No one left a scrap.
The entertainer was as lovely woman who played classic hits with her electric organ and played some very dance-able hits from the 70s and earlier.
We've decided this place it a must-see every single frickin' time we're back in Vegas.
They have a large parking lot right out front, too.

This place is by far one of the best kept secrets in Vegas.
The average age of the clientele is probably about 63 but don't let that scare you away!
Membership is not required although it will get you some discounts depending on your level.
I think you may actually have to have some Italian in you to be a member, too bad for me :(   Take a seat at the bar and enjoy cheap drinks and free snack mix.
The juke box has a nice selection of old timers and if you're there on Wednesdays they almost always have some type of entertainment.
Sometimes the place gets pretty movin with a lot of people dancing in the bar area.
After a few brewskis why not have some dinner too!
The food is great and also affordably priced.
Hope to see you there!

We had a blast at the It-Am Supper Club!
When I was there, we paid $10 cover to eat at a table inside the stage room/dance hall area, where a retro cover band was performing merrily.
The singer was joined by several other singers including a guy who used to tour with the Del Vikings; Jackie Wilson's son; and some other eccentric and aging Vegas showmen.
The vibe of the place was total mafioso, including our casually flustered server and the young men sitting at the bar who greeted us as if they owned the place, which maybe they do.
We didn't come for the food, but it was quite acceptable basic Italian-American fare.
Go for the gawking and the music!

Absolutely loved going there.
The food was awesome, the waiter was funny, and the atmosphere was very cool.
We heard great stories about the clubs hay day.
We also heard about the ghost that haunts the club.
I would highly recommend going there.
Don't be surprised if your food comes out in shifts because the kitchen is small and they want to get the food right.
It's well worth the wait.
If you do go ask, to have Joe as your waiter he is a riot.
He looks like an Elvis impersonator, side burns and all.
This was my first trip to Vegas, and when I go back this will defiantly be a stop.

The IAC restaurant has reopened!
It was closed for almost 2 months due to a management change.
I heard the man who owns Gilligans Hideaway runs the restaurant and bar now.
We had already had dinner elsewhere last night, so we stuck our heads in to see if the restaurant was back and also saw Sheila was back with Karaoke and ended up drinking and singing for a few hours.
ZAZZ!

If anyone had told me that I, a Jewish girl from Brooklyn and former hippie, would be living in Vegas and watchin a '30s-'40's swing show in the Italian-American Social Club, I'd think they'd just arrived on the first flight from Mars.
There's just no end to the Secrets of Sin City!
How'd we get there?
An offering from LV House Seats.
It was definitely not my speed, but the description was intriguing.
And, they serve dinner (optional), so we figured we could kill two birds with one bocce ball.
Aside from the fact that the average age of the audience was the wrong side of 75 (the saxophone player is 96 - and I am, to plagiarize Dave Barry, NOT making this up), the show was delightful.
The reason for the offer was because the second part of the show was being taped for TV and will be seen on some local cable station - which one escapes me - in a few weeks.
Jeanne Brei was the singer and star of the show, which runs the first Thursday of every month.
She's a pro - a woman of a certain age with a great voice and more energy than a 10-year-old.
The band is incredibly talented and date back to the very beginning of Vegas history - the sax player played with Benny Goodman, and all the other "youngsters" probably have a combined 200 years of experience.
She and the band are known as the Speakeasy Swingers.
Though listening to music such as "Pennies from Heaven" is definitely not my cup of Chianti, the show was very enjoyable.
There's also a large dance floor, populated mostly with a few professional dancers, but some regular couples got up to dance, too, though not the 95-year-old woman in the wheelchair who used to do solo flying.
The second part of the show, the one that'll be shown on TV, featured Jeanne, a talented tap dance duo, and solos by a couple of very good singers.
But this is Yelp, so now to the food.
It was mostly terrific.
And no surprise - Italian!
I ordered Chicken Marsala.
I couldn't see the chicken, because it was buried under more mushrooms than I've ever seen on this dish - dark, woodsy, mushrooms in an authentic and rich Marsala sauce.
The same sauce, with even more mushrooms, covered the perfectly-cooked linguine served alongside it.
Hubby had Chicken Piccata, and it, too, was different - it was garnished with beautiful THINGS:  were they uncured olives?
capers on steroids?
They're not my thing, so I couldn't tell, but my husband sure loved them.
Both entrees came with a small, unremarkable dinner salad in an unfortunate styrofoam bowl, and the bread, which should have been as wonderful as the food, was awful.
I think there's no cover for the show, and the fact that it was offered on LV House Seats was merely to ensure an audience for the taped portion.
Sometime during the evening a gentleman walked around with a basket collecting contributions "for the band.
"  The large room is, no surprise, very dated - probably dates back to the Bugsy era, and there's a full bar in a completely separate room, with a juke box.
This is surely worth a trip - for the entertainment, the food, and the nostalgia of a bygone era.
And you can even go for free Salsa lessons on the other Thursdays!

WOW !
My honey & I came here last night.
It was such a fabulous place.
Been wanting to try it out since it reopened.....finally went & was a rewarding experience.
Jason was our waiter.
Straight from Milano.
His father is the exec chef & does a great job.
The house Chianti was priced at $5.00 Delish EGGPLANT PARM Thickest piece of eggplant ever, served with pasta & a stout hearty red sauce !
omg jealous because my honey had it.
Linguine Shrimp Scampi was huge & the shrimp were large.
We usually have salad at dinner, but decided to try their soups....holy shit, Pasta faggole was the best Ive ever had.
We also tried the potato & leeks soup....very hearty.
I cant wait to go back.
The staff is so nice, the food is fabulous & the pricing is great.
Plus I can smoke in the bar after 10pm.
BONUS  If I ever get married, I'm having my wedding there.
I just decided.

Good music and dancers on Thursday Salsa & Club Night.

came here for a peruvian festival.
there was a security guard at the door and started to frisk me when i told him i had a knife.
no knives.
=P after i put my knife away i met up with amanda and her family.
honestly i dont remember half of the things i ordered but they were all really good.
the festival was great!
musica was a little loud.
hard to talk to people.
but the review is for the actual building itself.

Creepy experience, I'm not much for blast from the past old Vegas stuff.
Food was meh at best, bordering on unedible as my wife couldn't eat more than 1/4 of her meal she disliked it that much, I didn't even attempt a taste test.
I was supposed to have a steak topped with mushrooms, I was wondering where the steak was and its flavor, should've been called "single flavor profile mushroom gravy dish with a steak in there somewhere, probably not"..
Location is prime.....
Almost got mugged in the parking lot.
No wonder don't go anywhere near that area...ever.

We were planning on dinner at Terra Rossa at Red Rock Casino tonight but we took a detour and landed at Italian American.
This restaurant is located deep behind a large parking lot.
At first glance it appears to be a small school of some sort.
The location isn't that appealing and the surrounding neighborhood isn't the best.
However, once  you enter this nice restaurant, everything changes.
We were greeted by an owner type of man that was very hospitable and made us feel right at home.
He informed us the restaurant just completed recent renovations and improvements.
The décor was surprisingly pleasant.
Our waiter, Rene, was qualified to work at any of the top restaurants on the strip.
The food was excellent.
Everything from the appetizers, salads, pasta, and bread was excellent.
It's definitely an older crowd clientele but I would imagine this is how genuine Italian restaurants are.
We enjoyed it.

Great fun place , live music when they are open at night.
Much friendlier than a chain , a unique place to eat  Dave

This is my new favorite place in Las Vegas.
A friend took us there and the food was fabulous.
I make my own sauce so I usually don't try it out.
But, this place is the exception.
The food is fabulous, the service is the best ever, great prices and entertainment too!!
Forget all those places on the strip, go here.
You will not be disappointed and you will return.

Without a doubt, the Italian American Club has the best, restaurant, Italian food in Las Vegas.
We've been there several times since it re-opened, and we have never been disappointed.
Plus, we've taken friends and family and recommended it to several people, and they have become repeat customers.
The food is expertly prepared; the service is impeccable; the entertainment is terrific, and the people are extraordinarily friendly.
If you're looking for a place to have fun and excellent Italian cuisine, try it --  you will not be disappointed.

Went for a business dinner.
The inside is def old school with autographed pics of celebs on the walls, but that adds to the coolness of the place.
There's live entertainment, but it's not loud; just classy.
The waiter was top notch with his service and suggestions for wine and entrees.
The wine was very good that he brought out.
I had veal picatta;  it's hard to find good veal but this was great.
Very tender and flavorful.
The picatta sauce was very good as well.
Had pasta on the side and the red sauce was good.
Not my sauce, but good.
The two gents that I was with enjoyed their meals as well.
The whole experience was very nice and we were not rushed in the least.
I'll be back with my wife (who is Italian).

Stepping into the "historic" Italian American Club is like taking a step back in time; 1960's Vegas (without the cigarettes).
This is a classy and classic restaurant where people still get dressed up for a nice evening out.
I was there to watch a friend perform as well as dinner.
I felt welcomed from the moment I walked in.
I sat at the bar, had a good dinner and a couple of drinks.
The President of the Club also stopped by and intoduced himself as well as the manager/owner of the restaurant.
Very good food, very good drinks, very good people.
Classy!
I was there in April 2014.

Hidden gem in Vegas.
It has been around for several years and doesn't get the attention it deserves.
I went this last Saturday night and they had live music and had the house-made pasta dish, IAC Amatriciana.
Definitely coming back for the pasta!
I don't think there is a dress code but it is A LOT classier than most joints in town.
Reservations are strongly encouraged.

