My first time staying at a hotel off the downtown areas ..
This hotel is a great value.
Rooms are big and clean.
The check in was A+++  such nice people who work there!
I would take the LAs Vegas shuttle (which stops few feet away from the hotel) To Downtown and the West Strip.
The pool is a regular backyard pool, but really I'd stay here again ..you can even park your car right in front of your room(if your on the first floor) ..no chaos w/ crowds..no need to walk thru the casinos and wait to get your car from the valet , quick response from the front desk and great price for the days i stayed (3 day weekend holiday)   and best of all NO RESORT FEES!
Love this place and the people who work there, especially the Iranian lady who works at the front desk, I love her!!!!
Oh yeah & FREE Wireless internet in your room !

Just came back from a family vacation to Vegas, and I must say that it was quite the pleasure to stay at the Howard Johnson.
The rooms were spacious enough to fit all 4 of us comfortably.
One of the factors that pushed us to come to the Howard Johnson is that it wasn't in a Casino where it reeks of smoke.
When we woke up we went to very nice and tropical restaurant, Florida Cafe.
You wouldn't believe that it only cost $24 for all four us to eat a satisfying breakfast.
When we finished eating we went to the front desk and asked where the hot spots are for family nightlife.
He suggested we stayed at the hotel because the Florida Cafe has a live DJ who plays all kinds of music.
Just after that we saw a very nice wedding chapel.
My family and I truly enjoyed Howard Johnson.
It's rooms are comfortable, and the restaurant is spectacular.

Bedbugs.
Seriously.
Bedbugs.
Would have rather had a DUI (which I avoided by staying here instead of driving a few shitty miles to my apartment).
Now instead i'm covered in bites and praying I didn't bring any of those f*ckers home with me.
The kicker?
We chose that dump because we didn't want to pay $200 a night like the places around Punk Rock Bowling that weren't sold out.
Joke was on us, we paid $170.
$170 a night for bedbugs.
I don't know if anyone reading this had experienced the joy of multiple bites all over your body from little flea like bastards so I recommend googling it.
And imagine them feasting on your body while you slept.
Reading other reviews they also have cockroaches.
$170 FOR COCKROACHES AND BEDBUGS.
I'm just sleeping in my car next time.

Worst place to stay.
The staff are horrible and rude.
I tried to book a room once and paid without staying.
I made the mistake of booking the room before looking at it.
Once I saw the room I decided not to stay.
The staff treated me and my family horribly and insulted us when we asked for a refund.
The AC was broken and the room was dirty.
We ended up going to the Sahara which was a 10x better for the same amount of money.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!

On review of the hotel I was expecting atleast something better than motel six for $70 per night.
The hotel/motel was a couple miles past the strip in a questionable part of town - I'd suggest not staying anywhere past the Stratosphere because you're setting yourself up for misery.
I was scared to park my car in the back - it was dark and easy for anyone to break in.
When I went to check in I do have to say the front desk was very professional, and gave us two double beds.. which isn't so bad even though I reserved a king size.
We went back to the car to get our stuff and when passing the front desk was told we had to change rooms because the first room didn't have electricity.
So we go to the elevator - inside it looks like a blood bath painted on the walls.
As we walked down the hallway I felt it was a perfect setup for a murder mystery, or ghost visitation with the flickering bulb down the hallway..
I won't mention in detail the hallway carpet.. We made it to the room and the carpet was old, the beds were old, and we had a tv that must have dated back to the 80's .
The plumbing is off in the building.
Shower head was corroded, and didn't drain.
Luckily I was only there for one night.
I  can't recommend the hotel and don't think i'll go back to a Howard Johnsons ever..
Spend the extra money people..
The $30-$50 more a night on the strip.
It makes a huge difference.

stay away!
i am currentlying suing them for discrimination.
they refused service to me because i have a service dog!
100% illegal!!
rude employee, dirty hotel, horrible area of las vegas.

So I don't feel for the hotel services as I paid just $60 for this hotel for one of the Friday nights.
However, I got that rate as I booked 2 months in advance.
I feel bad for people who generally pay almost $200 for this hotel.
- The services of this hotel is one of the shittiest on earth (front desk interaction) - We had to wait like 4 hours to check as their check in time was 2PM, most of the other hotels I have been offered an early check-in as good customer gesture - They even charged $5 per bag to keep our bags after we checked out - The bathroom didn't had a good working shower - The bath tub was clogged  - Our room neighbors were smoking weed and their smoke and smell was all infusing in to our room - There are random people knocking on our door sometimes, may be under influence of weed - Five stars for its location though :)

Having a last minute trip to Vegas, I decided to book it through hostelbookers for a cheap night stay in Vegas.
Since I was going in 2 days, all the rooms in Vegas were super expensive due to the Mayweather fight that weekend.
All the regular hotels were $100 ~ $125/night for the older hotels (Luxor, Excalibur, etc), I decided to try this out.
It was about $90 with taxes included for a one night stay (which was discounted from the regular price of $150).
I thought originally this was going to be a hotel/hostel place, since it was listed on hostelbookers but instead they were just renting out rooms using the hostelbookers website instead.
After checking in towards the early evening hours, there was no issue.
The only requirement I told the staff at the registration desk was that I wanted a NON SMOKING room, I emphasized this a couple times before getting my room key.
The person said that it was non smoking for sure, so I proceed to the room (which was located in the same building as the registration desk).
When I got into the room, it smelled like cigarettes.
It was quite nasty, as I had a previous stay somewhere else where I got a smoking room, after sleeping there, the next morning, I smelled like cigarettes.
I went back to the front desk to tell them that and they told me it was supposed to be a non smoking room and there was a sign clearly on the room door saying that.
Apparently, someone didn't really give a shit and smoked in there anyways.
I don't blame them, since they don't clean the rooms, they probably didn't know it smelled like that.
The cleaning staff should of done a better job cleaning it or converting that room into a smoking room.
That was a mishap on that end.
I managed to get the room exchanged to the adjacent building across the way, next to the parking lot.
This room was a lot better than first one.
It smelled like a regular room and it was clean.
One issue I had was that the bed lacked a thick enough blanket.
It was quite thin and when you have the A/C on, it gets cold after a while when your sleeping.
Also, the position of the ACs for each room is located in the hall as you walk towards your room.
If it's on, you get this stream of hot air blasting your feet before reaching your room.
Imagine having 10 units on at the same time (which was a bit warm that weekend), all this hot air coming at you after driving for 8+ hours.
In addition to  having the AC that low towards the wall, when you sleep, the AC is blasting right in your face.
It might be fine for some folks, but I prefer to have it higher up, so my face doesn't get blasted all night.
You can easily get sick from having it that way as well.
I don't think I'll be coming back to this place, it was pretty ghetto.
The price for this place should be more under $50 for what your getting.
I did enjoy the free ice though and the plentiful amount of parking in the back!

I believe I was unfairly treated because of my service animal at Howard Johnson Las Vegas: please read my story here and it would mean so much to me if you shared it, as they are trying to sweep this incident (and many others) under the rug.
Thank you!
http://hojoexperience.weebly.com/

130 dollars for one night and cockroaches in the bathroom?
I think not.
Two stars instead of one, because the room was very clean and the staff was very quick and kind when we checked in.

This place sucks!
I have never tried something so bad before in my entire life!
The service was bad and the employees was mad and pretty irritable.
My first room was next to the icemachine so I couldn't here my own thoughts!
So I went back to the lobby and got another room.
My last room was also pretty bad!
The A/C didn't work, which was a huge problem because it was 110 Fahrenheit outside!
Don't stay at this hotel!!!

