We rented a house in LV a few years back.
We had nothing but good experiences with them.
When we needed a new dryer, they had one delivered the very next morning.
Also we needed other repairs done and they took care of it right away.
We rented that house for 2 years and we got 100% of our deposit back.

I EFFING HATE THESE PEOPLE!
They are unprofessional, lying, spineless, cowardly, scam artists.
More than once they've waited til the last minute to tell me they never got the check my bank sent them so that i would have to pay astronomical late fees.
I had proof that they received my check but they spoke to me as if I were lying about it.
And they never answer their phone.
Once you sign the rental agreement, they send one of their lower ranking people to deal with you.
I also hear them bad mouthing tenants when ever I go there.
Just do yourself a favor look somewhere else.

We had a HORRIBLE experience as renters with this company.
We kept out place very clean, had no kids or pets, and constantly cleaned the carpets.
When we moved to a nicer place, we hired the maid service they practically GUARANTEE will meet their standards (at $300, of course).
The maid was VERY rude and, guess what?
Oishi's thought the place wasn't clean enough.
Further, we had the patio and front professionally done by a gardner, and had the carpets freshly and professionally washed.
While on the move-out inspection, the guy seemed pretty nice and said everything looked good.
But, as it turns out, the company kept $800 out of our security deposit!
They said it was for repainting the walls and cleaning the garage floors.
We considered that was regular wear-and-tear of a property that had been rented for around 4 years, so we wrote back, having (briefly) consulted with an attorney.
Their response not only contained spelling mistakes (seriously?
), but was rude as well.
We figured we would not stoop to their level and file suit at a small claims court.
However, it Yelpers MUST know how unprofessional these people are and how frustrated we felt after leaving.
Fortunately, we never have to deal with them EVER AGAIN!

This is an excellent property management company.
When I moved in, the house was clean.
Any time there was anything that needed to be fixed, they had a repair person call me the same day.
Everyone at the office is nice and helpful.
I had no problem getting my security deposit back.
As far as the bad review about the maid service, I agree.
They were rude and tried to over charge me.
When I told the lady she was charging too much, she said that she will wait for Oishi's to call her after I moved out.
I don't like how she made it seem like I had no choice but to use her service.
I did not use the service, I clean my own house.
I let Oishi's know about the maid service and that I was not using them.
It seems like a scam to me.
Other than that, everything else was good.

These f'ckers are bunch of crooks and inconsiderate.
I lived at a property they manage for two and a half years.
I had to live without an AC for two weeks during the summer and they didn't give a shit about the renter.
These assholes told me to stay at a hotel if the house is too hot to stay but they won't even reimburse for it.
Also when I moved out, they charged me $300 for touch up paint and $180 for cleaning some leaves in the backyard.
They told us to use their vendor for cleaning where they guarantee the work, and it cost $325.They won't even show or give me the invoice from their vendors.These fuckers are bunch of crooks.
Don't ever rent from these people.

