This independent  jeweler's been in town for a long time - over 50 years.
The fact that they're still in business with competition from huge national chains speaks of their pleasant manner and huge selection.
It's been housed in the Commercial Center since the 70s, but don't let the location fool you - this is quality stuff.
The selection is huge, the staff is knowledgeable and friendly, and they're helpful with custom orders.
Elvis loved 'em.
Listen to the King and lay off the huge chains and give these guys a chance next time you're in the market for a bauble.

This small family owned jewelry store buys your unwanted gold jewelry.
We were originally going to use the heavily advertised "Cash 4 Gold" place but heard some pretty shady things (horror stories on the news).
We went here and were pretty impressed with the professionalism.
There was another person selling his gold, so we waited for a few minutes.
We wear sterling silver or white gold.
We had no use for this stuff that was just hanging around.
We were not experiencing any financial hardship at the time.
We just wanted to get rid of this jewelry that was of no use to us.
The owner of the shop is the gold buyer.
He was very nice.
He separated the pieces and weighed each piece.
(FYI, untangled is better- we had so many tangled chains but I worked on them.
) He was very patient.
The price was higher for the higher quality yellow gold.
It was about 96% of the bag that we took over- that he ended up buying.
(The rest was not real, silver, or other jewelry.
) He paid us $375 (check) for the lot.
We were very happy besides being surprised (we didn't expect much, but then again, we didn't know what the current price is, either, for that matter).
He told us that so many people have come over to sell their stuff since the economic downturn, because they're so desperate for money.
Others find out that their jewelry (diamond) is fake.
We referred my father-in-law to this place too.
They do consignment too.

This is a true Las Vegas legend.
Same location since the 70's.
They can do things NO other jeweler in Vegas can do.
Great place for watch repair.
Do yourself a favor, skip the malls and the giant chain stores, and deal with a LOCAL merchant.
You won't regret it!

I was given a gift certificate to this place, so when I went in, I didn't know what I was looking for or what to expect.
Driving into the Commercial Center, home of the Green Door, I was a little wary.
However, they have some really nice things inside!
The prices were good, and the salesman was helpful and friendly.
I would definitely go back for jewelry repair or purchases.

Being relatively new to the Vegas area I had no idea who to turn to after I dropped my dad's watch.
I found John Fish on yelp with 6 great reviews.
Now they have seven.
I took the watch in on 12/22/2011; they said they'd call with an estimate but probably after Christmas.
On 12/23/2011 they called and said it would be $75.
On 12/23/2011 the called to say it was ready.
After a few terrible experiences with service people in Vegas (no estimates, exceeding the estimate, poor customer service, etc) I am bowled over with the service from John Fish Jewelers.
This is customer service as it should be.
John Fish Jewelers is a jewelry store everyone should be patronizing.
Thank you.

JOHN FISH Jewelers repaired my heirloom platinum, diamond and sapphire ring and did a beautiful job.
I made a big mistake trusting another big name, fancy store to adjust the size of several diamond rings.
A week after I got them back, a tiny sapphire fell out of my ring.
The fancy store (begins with MJ) rudely told me they couldn't repair it, said they couldn't get a replacement, it was too old fashioned.
Sent me to another store in their chain, where I was told that it couldn't be replaced in America, it would have to be taken out of the country.
BS!
JOHN FISH Jewelers right here in Las Vegas had a sapphire cut to fit my ring, and the color matches the other 7 perfectly, as far as I can tell.
JOHN FISH Jewelers is GREAT!
They said they could do it, they provided an estimate that my insurance agreed with, repaired it in a timely manner,  and came in under their estimate.

We found John Fish Jewelers on Yelp and we were so happy with the service.
Steve was great.
I have been saving up several jewelry pieces, which needed to be repaired.
We took them all into John Fish Jewelers and their prices seem reasonable and the staff appears knowledgeable and trustworthy.
It is so hard to be new to a city and not know anyone.
I am so glad that we found this business on yelp.
Thank you to those that made comments here.
I will let you know of the results in a week or two.

This is definitely not the place to go if you'd like to sell some gold/jewelry for a bit of extra cash.
We were offered $2000 and "bargained" up to $2300 for a small lot of jewelry we wanted to get rid of.
Thankfully we were smart enough to get a second opinion or two, because what we found was pretty surprising.
We were offered $3100 and then $3700 and two different pawn shops for the exact same lot (with no bargaining) that Mr.
Fish wanted to generously offer us $2000 for.
Quite a surprise based on the other reviews we'd read on here, and especially considering what Mr.
Fish said as we were leaving, and I quote, "You won't find a better deal elsewhere.
"  I guess we did, Mr.
Fish.
At a pawn shop.

The staff at John Fish were amazing.
They were very prompt and professional.
When my wife and I needed expert analysis they were great.
I would recommend them to anyone that needs great, honest, prompt service.

After getting the run around for some repairs from Iceberg Diamonds, and also Intrigue Jewelers inside the Boulevard Mall I come to find Found John Fish Jewelers on Yelp!
Decided to give them a try and have my Custom Diamond Ring downsized (lost weight), and a few Diamonds replaced, and some diamond settings tightened, also my very Large diamond bracelet had broken in a few places due to the safety clasp being damaged, and a few Connecting Pins had broken.
Due to the complexity of the repairs, they said it would take 4-5 days, to do it correctly.
At this time i requested if it could be done any sooner as for I have a Video Shoot, and I don't rent jewelry, so could it be completed in 2-3 days instead.
Please!
Long Story short, it was done in 3 Days, Ring needed some more slight adjusting when I arrived 15min prior to closing and they stayed an extra 1 1/2 hours late while I waited to make sure it was done right.
and they didnt have an attitude about it, or tell me to come back.
They're freakin' Awesome.
Polished and shinning with all new diamonds.
and I did I mention they are very very reasonably priced.
They are freakin' awesome.

I was very impressed when I visited John Fish Jewelers to verify the value of some previous jewelry I had.
I am not very directionally savy so I needed to call for directions and John directed by lost soul.
(FYI: this place is inside Industrial Heart and right next to Tiffany Cleaners)     I was the one buyer in there on a Monday afternoon and John was so nice!
We chatted for an hour about how I acquired some of the distinctive pieces and he weighed and tested authenticity of the gold and diamonds.
I turned some outdated ugly chains and rings into $435.
I'd suggest this place to anyone buying or selling jewlery.
Thanks John!

I went in to get a few links taken on my watch, everyone inside was so friendly and helpful, and it was only $10!
Great service for a great price, I will be going there for all my jewelry needs :)

Customer service was outstanding.
Came here to have my daughter's necklace repaired.
They told me they can do it while I wait.
I was hesitant because I had so much errands to do.
But I gladly sat in one of their comfy chairs.
It was blazin' hot outside so I figured, yeah..why not.
The place was neatly kept.
Their collection of jewelries were from varying price range.
They were carefully tagged.
The gentleman who helped us was very courteous & was kind enough to hand my daughter a lollipop.
(I guess he knew a kid's attention span was questionable)  Overall experience was good, if I wasn't in a hurry to do stuffs I would have stayed and checked out everything.
The repair took only about 8mins.
Yes, 8mins.
'Twas that fast.
Will definitely come back.

The moment I walked in I had good vibes in this 70's flash back store.
Customer service was excellent and the fixed my diamond ear ring with in 24 hours.
Taking some other pieces to be repaired.
Good vibes and priced fairly.

