HORRIBLE!
HORRIBLE!
HORRIBLE!
someone reviewed them on Google Reviews and I'm just going to c&p the review because it is EXACT.
They give you a window of 8-5 and nothing, then when I called at 4:50 I was disconnected twice, and finally when they answered they said, "Oh sorry, the plumber can't make it out today.
Tomorrow from 8-12 instead"    Trying to come up with one word to start this out with to best convey this company, but having trouble coming up with one word that would cover: incompetent, unknowledgeable, lazy, uncompassionate, indifferent, inexperienced, unprepared, impersonal, rude, inaccurate, tardiness...BAD, this company is just BAD.
The only reason I deal with these people is because it is the company that our home warranty company uses, and this company is the reason (the sole reason) that we are about to drop our warranty company and get someone else.
We've had to deal with this company several times over the last couple of years and there are a few things that they can be trusted on provideing; you will never get a technician the same day, the problem will never be fixed the first visit and you will have to call them back out at least once for each problem, when they do show up they will have to go get parts to fix the job at least once but will most likely leave a second and possible third time to get parts (even for the simplest jobs), when the assessor/estimator comes out (his sole job is to see what all will be required to do the job) he will miss something (which will result in the technician not being able to do his repair on the first visit until something else gets done), service desk--limited vocabulary and no comprehension of the terms empathy or resolution and having dealt with all of them (I think they have three) I'm confident that the extent of their vocabulary is centered around the word "sorry", and lastly cost....$175 charge for a $41 permit, $285 for parts that could be bought from Home Depot for $90.98 (this does not include labor charge, this is just for the parts), $1300 charge for an appliance that I could get the exact same model number for $378-$469 from seven different locations in town, $65 charge for a part I can buy in town for $23 and get on line for $18...don't have to be a math wizard to see the problem here.
If you don't have to deal with this company because of home warranty, DON'T.
If you're like myself and have to, be forewarned and my sincerest sympathy.

We ran into a problem  with our AC unit first I had comfort masters come in to tune up both of my units.
But a week after they left I notice water was running off of my roof  and not out of my condensation pipe.
This was not the case before I should had call them back to correct the problem.
But I call my home warranty company they told me to call Residential Service center after being on the phone for about 5 minutes I was able to get through to a person.
They where very friendly and they set up an appointment  for Friday.
But when it started to rain they call me the first thing to set up a new appointment for Saturday.
When Saturday cam the tech show up at 745 am in the Morning which he was on time.
With in five minutes of his time he explained to me that my condensation pipe became disconnected and he correct the problem with some glue to reconnected my PVC pipe.
Far as I am concern they did right by me if anything changes I will repost a new ad.
Far as the person that complain about the permit costing 175 for a 41 dollar permit.
do what I did go done and get it yourself.

Horrible  unethical this company is by far the worst service Center ever !
I've been dealing with this company for 15 years it also came with my home when I purchased it 15 years ago .
Every year for the last 15 years the AC unit has went out.
This year I must say it was the worst the unit has went out 6 times within the last 6 weeks I've seen five different technician and I have gotten 20 different stories.
The three ladies that work and take the calls are horrible insensitive and don't care because they're able to go home to their homes with a AC.
I asked Lulu one of the ladies that answers the  phone why won't they replace the unit after 15yrs She stated as long as its able to be repaired they will not!
Well today is Friday I haven't had air in 4 days I've seen 3 different techs this week finally after All of this unnecessary drama he states he can't fix it!
I knew that and im no AC tech I most definitely will be looking for another company and my First question will be who handles your service calls!

