Raul is a really friendly, helpful fellow.
He helped me and Walter as we perused the store for something sweet, simple, and just perfect for an anniversary gift for the two of us.
Walter and I had been looking at all kinds of things, earrings, chains, pendants, bands, cocktail rings, all kinds of sparkly things.
There was glitter in our eyes for days.
They have a wonderful selection of rings and all kinds of pretty things.
I'm glad we stopped in, although we never did decide what to get.
At least we met Raul.
He says he'll remember us so the next time we visit, he'll be able to re-show what we'd looked at before.
I thought that was awesome, the confidence that he has in the brand and in the quality...to "know" we'd return.
Cool guy.
THANKS RAUL (SKU 14242051 sz 7)

I like their jewelry- at one point I had the credit card, which tells you something.
We were looking at wedding bands.
When a salesperson has a condescending tone with me, you better believe that I am taking my business elsewhere.
When the lady scoffed at my wanting to put it on "layaway," I was really turned off.
Needless to say, we haven't been inside since, but I doubt that the salesperson is still there; she had the wrong attitude.
I'm giving high marks for the selection, the variety, and the beauty of the pieces.
It's a small store, but close to the food court, in a corner location.
BTW, I still have my jewelry from Zales (the ones that I charged).

The worst experience of my life.
All I can say is lies lies lies!
I left so happy after my boyfriend bought my engagement ring here.
We fell in love with a setting that is supposedly custom made...they promised that I can upgrade my diamond later for any if I wanted to, that they will send the setting certification and diamond certification to us by mail, that Canadian diamonds are nicer...that Bluenile would not even match the diamond value...the lies continued...being the non-diamond experts we are...they got us...he bought me the $10, 000  of my dreams....and that's when the nightmare begun...we called and called....and they had excuse after excuse on why we weren't receiving the certification...we then found out at our local Zales that we can only replace the diamond if we double the value of it, and we found better quality diamonds at the jewelry market certified by the GIA (which now I know should be the only diamond certifications we should trust) and a setting with the same "uniqueness" and quality for half the price.
Returning my engagement ring brought tears to my eyes, I imagined that being the ring of my life....please don't buy your dream girl dream ring here...there is no such thing...unless you don't care you are getting ripped off and maybe given rhinestones instead of diamonds.
Please learn from our mistake.
Do your research before falling in love with a ring.
The time I wasted with customer service, the headaches, and tears....save yourself.
P.S: our seller's name was Jessica and the store manger is useless.

Elizabeth(store manager) is the best.
She is genuinely and honest.
The best customer service I've ever had at retail stores.

My fiancé got my engagement ring here and I have been very impressed with the customer service.
They really went above and beyond with their services.
My ring had to be sent out for 5 weeks for a repair and I had it for a week when another diamond fell out.
I called and told them that I would be in the next day.
I came in on a Wednesday and dropped my ring off.
I got a call two days later saying that ring was ready.
They said that if I had any more issues that they'd order me a new ring.
A side note - my fiancé got the lifetime warranty on the ring so all of these services were free.
I ordered my fiancé's ring here as well.
I will be coming back!

