SHADY & RUDE people who lie to and will harass you knowing you don't know whom they are calling about.
BEWARE OF THIS COMPANY AS WELL!

If you have to deal with these people, all I have to say is READ YOUR PAPERWORK and DO NOT listen to what these people are telling you... they will tell you something TOTALLY different to your face with a big smile.... "We are willing to work with you and your first payment will not be due until next month" all the while, your first payment IS DUE and by they time you THINK its due, you are already in default and have thousands in attorney fees added on to your exsisting bill....
THESE PEOPLE ARE LIERS AND THEIVES....
They got a judgement against me and SEIZED my bank account and are not leaving anything for food or rent or anything else for the next 120 days and because of these people, I am going to be homeless, car-less and in debt for over $40,000, all over a $50.00  bad tooth and I just needed antibiotics....
THANKS Allied Collection Services....
I hope you all rot in HELL!!!!

How these people sleep at night is a mystery to me,  they are a Ruthless bunch of jerks, not just their policies, but some of their staff as well.
I received a bill from these people for an unpaid medical bill I didn't even know I had (I received no prior billing from the company that used these jerks to collect, and like any other situation where you are hospitalized, you have many medical bills to pay and probably signed your name to many things you had no idea you were signing when you were dying and barely conscious), a nice girl called me up to come down and discuss it, and I did, thinking if this is legit, I'll try to work something out, and when I got down there, I encountered a total jerk who didn't want to hear any of it,  and with bullying and threats with court from this "person", I nearly walked out, but then the nice girl from the phone call  came out wondering what happened, after talking I agreed to make monthly payments which I could not afford due to owing other medical bills that I was trying to get ahead on, but I did not want to get sued.
I offered to make payments 3 months from that point when I would have been in a better financial situation to do so and they would not take it,  for a bill that was already supposedly over 2 years old, if the bill is even legit.
I made my arrangement, and started with the payment schedule.
A few months later, I was $40 short on a bill (I'm an independant contractor, my pay varies every week so keeping on this schedule was not a reality but I did try) and to be honest, I hoped to be able to pay it later in the week.
I honestly forgot about it which I take full blame for, and when I went to pay the following month (which I would have been able to make up the difference), they took that payment, THEN told me to wait so someone else could talk to me.
Apparently, the $40 short payment (my monthly payments were $200) was enough to have their lawyer draft a letter, which added $500+ to my balance, and were in the process of putting a lein on my house and garnishing my wages of 25% a week until the debt was settled.
I had my back against the wall once again with these people and they had set up another payment schedule which would have been $300 a month (I was having trouble with $200 and they set me up for $300- makes me wonder what their agenda is).
Needless to say, I went to a high interest payday loan place and borrowed the money to pay these people off, because the extremely high interest payday loan places  have higher moral standards than Allied Collection Services, if that helps you.

This place is horrible!
They have been calling my job and trying to collect debt on a person who shares that same first name as me, but not the same last name.
They call me about 5 times a week (at work) and I have told them OVER and OVER they are calling for the wrong person.
Ive had to start monitoring my credit in fears that someone had compromised my SS#.
Thank god all is well, but the final straw was when JOE GALLO called my work pretending to be a METRO police officer!
I finally reached the supervisor there at ACSI who was nice and told me he would get this taken care of (let's hope he keeps his word) but I am filing a report with the Better Business Bureau.
Imitating a police officer has gone too far.... especially when they are harassing the WRONG person!

Rude rude rude!
My claim was thru UMC.
My California based insurance was going to pay the claim as soon as UMC provided an itemized bill, which they never did.
I kept calling UMC to check on the status.
They turned the bill over to allied which I kept in touch with keeping them informed.
After countless phone calls to UMC and Allied my bill was paid in full on AUG. 12, 2013.
AT the end of August Allied reported my bill to the credit bureaus as unpaid and in collections.
WTF.
When calling Allied to ask them to report it paid they were very rude and redirected the blame on everyone else.
We shall see if they follow thru on their word on retracting the status from my credit Report.

What an incompetent group of people.
How hard is it to correct a last name and an address I've never even lived at??

TERRIBLE and SHAMEFUL practice !!!
My credit was hit for over ten months on a bill that I'd already paid off.
It didn't matter how many phone calls I took from them, nor how many times I called them trying to explain, they didn't care and they weren't about to look into it further with their client.
They treated me as if I were low-life scum.
I finally got legal counsel and drafted a demand letter.
In other words, I had to prove my innocence when I wasn't even guilty.
To top it off...no apology whatsoever!
I think the state's attorney general should know how they do business and look into their practices.

