i've used mark sherman for years, and he's great at saving taxes.

I have been with Mark since he started his own firm over 12 years ago.
From the very beginning, he has been honest, forthcoming, and receptive to my needs.
After going through several points of contact at his firm in the early years, I have been working with Kayla Poole for as long as I can remember.
She has frequently gone above and beyond the call of duty, but most importantly, is always accessible via phone or email.
I never have to hunt her down, and she adheres to the timelines that she gives me.
Although I no longer live in Las Vegas, I have nothing but praise for Mark and his staff.

I can't begin to tell you how many people I have referred to the office of Mark Sherman, CPA.
Why because he knows exactly what he is doing and why I hired him and his staff in the first place.
He has guided me and my business in the right direction year after year.
Straight to the point and down to earth.
Mark Sherman really gets the job done right.

I was referred to Mark and his team by my investment manager.
I am extremely thorough in my review when selecting CPAs, and Mark passed my litimus test.
Two years in and I have been happy to date.
Mark is very entreprenuerial and investment-minded which enables him to walk the walk vs just talk the talk in many aspects of his tax preparation process.

Mark has been my accountant for over 8 years!
I trust him with my annual tax returns because he is very knowledgeable and well verse when it comes to the tax laws.
Mark also prepares my Dad's and sister's tax returns.
They have tried other accountants but return to Mark because he does a better job.
In addition, I have referred friends to Mark and they have been very pleased with the service they have received.
Mark and his staff are always friendly and helpful.

Mark obviously knows his accounting.
But bigger than this, when dealing directly with Mark, you get the feeling that you are dealing with a friend and ally.
Extremely comforting when dealing with an issue as impacting as Uncle Sam and his taxes...

We've been using Mark Sherman for a few years now.
I own my own business and Mark has been amazing in helping me keep track and save money!
The staff is awesome!
Mark and staff are a must use financial/tax person!
Thanks for everything Mark!

I was referred to Mark by a good friend of mine who has been going to Mark for years for his taxes .
I had been searching for an accountant to guide me on my personal and business finances and I am thrilled to have such an awesome and knowledgeable person doing that for me now!
Mark came highly recommended to me and I now highly recommend Mark.
I have a trusted accountant for life.

Mark was great!
I was way behind on my taxes and he was able to help me out.
He even submitted a payment agreement with the IRS which I just received the approval for.
A true professional and I look forward to using his services in the future.

I couldn't tell you if Mark Sherman is up to the task or not, however, his staff is.
It is better to see how a company handles a rough patch than it is to see them in action when everything is running smooth.
I called Shermans' office (and was hooked up with Kayla) when the accountant I was using at another firm tried to scam me via running up my bill on "unnecessaries".
I believe that this office was having a rough week (shorthanded), but they still handled my account relatively quickly and very professionally.
Must be a fearsome group when they are firing on all cylinders.
Will definitely use them again.

Mark Sherman, CPA & his staff are experts.
When it comes to lawyers, doctors and accountants, one must choose wisely whom to trust.
My first experience with the company is great.
They took the time necessary to work out the details.
In many years, this is the first time I feel confident my tax returns are handled properly, no surprises or worries.
Mark is knowledgeable, not only he knows, but he applies efficiently and creatively his knowledge.
Thank you.

My experience with Mark Sherman, CPA was a very positive one!
Mark was exceptionally warm and professional, and that goes for his staff as well!
He definitely knows his stuff and he patiently took the time to explain to me everything he was doing.
I am very pleased with the job he did, and I highly recommend him to anyone having an IRS issue and/or needing assistance with their taxes.

