So giving this place a three-star is a rather large fete for me.
I have made it one of my life's missions to steer clear of Wendy's.
I mean, they have SQUARE burgers.
And before you give me the whole, "You realize that you can shape round patties into other shapes" speech, I know, and understand that.
I also don't want to eat a heart patty, or a star patty for that matter.
I like my burger's round.
Just like God intended.
:P  Hubby and I were driving around in north LV shopping and we were starving.
As I was checking my Yelp app and he was driving we kept passing a bunch of ma and pa places that had horrific reviews.
I haven't eaten Wendy's in forever because I don't like the square patties.
Back in the day I'd eat chili or a baked potato.
I decided that if I was going to attempt a square burger, it may as well be in good ol' Las Vegas with my hubby.
Libby R. and Sandra Z. swear by how awesome Wendy's burgers are that I feel that there must be something that has changed.
I ordered their 1/4 lb.
cheeseburger combo with a baked potato.
The meat was... eh.
It actually tasted the same as McDonald's.
The fixings were great and the bun was nice and soft.
What would make me go back is their baked potato.
It was very tasty and a nice change from the regular old fries.
Since this visit I had the chance to eat Wendy's again but declined.
Maybe Wendy's just isn't for me.

JUST venting on the lifelong favor of the FROSTY... why are the frostys so inconsistent.
LOVE the heavy cold textured frosty... can be anywhere from runny and creamy and still cold to the ultra thick spoon worthy ones.....   fast food is fast food and I wont yelp on it much if at all since we allll know what to expect but like I said just venting

This Wendy's is an okay location.
It isn't the best or the worst, just average.
Let me tell you why, if you really want to know...  1.
The food here is usually good.
The burgers are always great.
I heart the Baconator.
I mean it is burger, bacon, and cheese without anything to distract from meat and cheese heaven.
YUM.
I know it is probably the worst thing on the menu but I LOVE it anyways.
When the craving hits, off to Wendy's I go.
The other sandwiches are always good too.
And the chicken nuggets are always great snacks.
Where this Wendy's gets a lower rating is due to the fries and the Frostys (or is it Frosties????).
Both are always a crapshoot.
Sometimes the fries are fresh, hot and amazing and some times they taste so blah.
The Frostys are usually good, but every now and then they taste like they forgot to add sugar or something.
If these 2 items could be more consistent, my score would go up for sure.
The staff.
Sometimes you get the best people helping you, which is always so very nice.
And then there are the other ones.
One lady who works here, usually the drive thru is simply UGH.
She barks at you to order, doesn't give you a minute to look if you ask for one, and practically throws your food at you when you get up to the window.
You are almost afraid to ask for some ketchup from her.
Overall, I think 75% of the staff is really friendly, but if you go on the wrong day and get the other 25%, then I am sorry for you.
So most of the time, this location is good.
My advice to you is to always check your fries and Frostys before you leave to make sure you got good ones!

This location does not pay attention to what their customers order.
I ordered a salad with crispy chicken and got grilled chicken the first time I was there, not too bad.
The second (and last time) I was there I ordered the Asian cashew chicken salad with crispy chicken and got grilled chicken and the BBQ ranch dressing.
The description says that it comes topped with fire-roasted edamame, spicy roasted cashews, warm, grilled chicken and Marzetti Simply Dressed Light Spicy Asian Chili Vinaigrette (containing roasted peanuts) for a salad that's anything but bland.
Not even close to what I was handed.
I'm done with this Wendy's.
I would give NO stars, if possible.

