I have been using this vet clinic for about 19 years, Dr. White is the primary vet.
They all ROCK!!!
they listen and I appreciate them a lot!

We have been going to LMAH for at least 10 years, but our most recent visit has made me love this place so much more.
We had a military macaw and his name was Ozzy.
One day, he was acting very strange and started bleeding out of his rectum.
LMAH is one of the only places that takes care of birds, so we went there.
Once we got there, everything seemed to be okay and we went home.
Later that night, he was acting strange again and we went to an Animal ER with VERY LITTLE satisfaction.
So the next morning, we went back to Lone Mountain.
They took some X-ray's and behold, he was a she and she was passing her very first egg.
It had, however, gotten stuck and broken inside of her.
They had to surgically remove it.
After her surgery, the doctors called up 3 times a day to keep us in the loop and kept her over night for observation.
She ended up getting a major infection and we had her put down.
It was very sad.
We had her cremated and they took her paw print and cut her tail feathers so we could keep them.
About a week later, we got a card in the mail signed by every staff member saying how sorry they were.
I thought it was incredible how wonderful each person we encountered was.
This place is just amazing.

My husband found a dog in bad shape late Saturday night, so I needed a vet that was open on Sundays.
I found Lone Mountain Animal Hospital through a Yelp search, and they fit me in to their tight Sunday schedule.
The entire office worked hard to make my nervous and timid new friend feel safe and at home.
Dr. Beckes was gentle and so sweet.
Nice clean office, fair pricing and good staff.
Thank you!

Late on Saturday night I came home to find Sadie, my 14 lb Yorkie Poo, with hives.
After some research on google, we determined that it was safe to give her 25 mg of Benadryl.
The next morning I awoke to find her in worse condition with swelling around her snout.
We hadn't established a vet since we moved to the NW side of town, so I turned to yelp for a local recommendation.
I called and asked if they could take her as a walk in and they said yes, there are 3 people ahead.
While it did take about an hour to be seen, they were very nice and apologized profusely explaining that it is normally much faster, but there was only 1 doctor working that day.
They were extremely concerned and caring, which helped reduce my anxiety and assured me that we were in good hands.
The vet determined that it looked like an allergic reaction or insect bites and treated her with a steroid shot, antibiotics to administer at home, and instructions to continue the Benadryl for 3 days.
After the shot her swelling immediately began to reduce.
They even called a few days later to check on her status.
I also like that they gave me a price breakdown and options before proceeding with her treatment.
The price was about $100 for visit with shot & antibiotics.

very friendly and caring staff.
plus once you're in their system, you get email updates and reminders.
better than my doctor.

We've been regular customers of LMAH almost the entire time we've had our Catahoula Leopard dog, Chelsie.
I admit, we didn't do such a great job of socializing her, so she gets over-excited and anxious at the vet's office.
While I'm not saying, "Hey, if you have a nervous, poorly socialized dog, feel free to unleash your demon at this vet's office", I am thankful that the staff is so understanding, patient, tolerant and caring of *our* personal demon.
Dr. Amy Munchausen (yah, that's her real name!
) is a wonderfully caring vet and will definitely try to obtain the correct diagnosis for an ailment.
Chelsie had a brief period where she had protein in her urine.
Although we never found out exactly why Chelsie had proteuria, Dr. Munchausen didn't immediately prescribe a bunch of drugs or treat Chelsie like a medical experiment.
Yes, the urinalysis every few weeks was a little pricey, but it was worth it to see the problem cleared up on its own.

I only give this place 4 stars because my favorite doctor is no longer here.
We've been clients for 15+ years.
We usually drive to see her for the big stuff but for emergencies and routine nail trims we stay close to home.
Staff is friendly, facilities are clean and it looks like they just remodeled again.

So pleased to have found Lone Mountain.
We are new to area and needed an avian vet.
After a bad experience at another local "recommended" avian clinic was so relieved to have found Lone Mountain - a much better alternative!
Though I understand all their doctors are experienced with all animal types, incl exotics, we were lucky enough to get Dr. Starks who is wonderful, knowledgeable and a bird owner himself.
Staff is professional and always able to get us in when we need an appt.
Great solution for a vet clinic ~ thank you Lone Mountain!

The staff and vets at Lone Mountain are awesome.
The front desk staff have always been nice and friendly.
They took really good care of my bf's dog when he was sick, we had to eventually put him down but nonetheless, they were very compassionate.
We don't typically care which vet we see BC they are all nice.

I don't recommend for avian visits.
My bird had a broken wing, and despite being fine for hours after the incident (despite a drooping wing), she passed within 2 hours of treatment at this clinic.
Fractures are not typically a life threatening injury for a bird.
Also suspicious, when we were discussing treatment for my bird he didn't mention anything about her being at risk for death.
He kept pushing to amputate her wing, which isn't the standard treatment for a broken bone in birds.
I declined and asked to have it bandaged.
When he gave her back to me after bandaging her (and after I paid) he mentioned "there's still a good chance she won't make it.
" The doctor was rude and demeaning, and as far as I am concerned, my very loved bird would still be alive if I hadn't brought her to Dr Starks.
He made me feel awful about the accident, as if wasn't already in tears.
She suffered from the moment I handed her over to their tech (who was not gentle and wouldn't let me take her back to the room, so my bird freaked out and was biting her), until she passed.
They may be fine for cats and dogs, but I suggest avoided them for avian visits.
I regret my choice to bring her here.

If you need a great potbelly pig vet, call Dr. Lee!
Lone Mountain also has great spay/neuter prices along with the expertise to provide the specialized care for our pig pets!

