Dr. Robbirds is Absolutely the Best Chiro around !
I have been going to him for 10 yrs.
He is in tune to what  is causing the problem with, your back, neck, leg, etc.
He knows how to heal your body.
You walk out of his office, feeling Amazing & 110% Wonderful.
Seriously, I can't imagine ever going to any other Chiro, ever.
If I had to travel to another state to see him, I would go that far.
I highly recommend Dr Robbirds to anyone, who is looking for a true healer, in every sense of the word.
Trust me, you won't be sorry, you will be so grateful, for his healing touch.

Applied Health Dynamics only has one doctor of Chiropractic, Dr. Randall Robirds.
His staff is kind and professional just like him.
Dr. Robirds is a Wholistic physician a healer; he uses natural advance healing techniques to see through you to find the root cause of your pain.
Whatever is allaying you he fixes with one visit, he cares to cure you not to rob you (by having you come back several times a week).
He is kind, gentle and extremely knowledgeable at what he does.
He does not rush you through your appointment and does not try to sell you products.
Dr. Robirds was highly recommended to me and I am eternally grateful to having found him!

Dr Randall Robirds saved my life.
I know it sounds dramatic, but it's true.
I was in physical pain for so long I was used to it.
I was depressed.
Bloated,  and overweight.
He set me aright.
He recommended cutting gluten out of my diet, and recommended a detox.
It's hard to explain exactly how Dr Robirds does what he does.
I think he's a shaman.
Anyway, somehow, his suggestions sunk in, and I have been gluten free for over a month now - my depression has lifted - I've lost about 10 lbs, and a couple of inches off my waist.
I don't miss gluten.
I'm eating much healthier, and it literally feels as if a huge darkness has been lifted from me.
How does he do it?
I don't know, but I'm grateful that he has set me back on the path to good health.

Dr Robirds is THE BEST chiropractor/healer I have ever been to.
Not only does he excel at his craft and help you, he is a wonderful spirit and person.
His generosity with his time, knowledge and gifts continues to inspire me.
He will teach you, and heal you and help you.
If you have a health need, he is the one to visit.
Thank you Dr Robirds for giving me such insight and helping me get well.
I am forever grateful!

