Once again, you cant beat Papa Johns pizza, especially when they are on sale.
Quick online ordering & quick (usually) delivery.
Pizza always arrives hot, as I ordered it, and tasty.

This location is the worst ever!!!
I ordered a large 3 topping pizza with extra cheese as one of the toppings and when I got to the store to pick it up the cheese didn't even cover the dough in the center of the pizza, how is that extra cheese.
I asked them to add more cheese so they remade the whole pizza and again I could see dough in the center of the pizza.
I sooooo would not recommend this location.
A few days prior I ordered from the one on Sunset and Pecos and my pizza was ooozing with cheese at least a 1/2" thick so obviously I expected consistency as this is a chain.
The employees at the Nellis location barely spoke English and are definitely not about good customer service or customer satisfaction, I will never go back there again.

As for the service itself, I usually order take out and never had a problem with them but it's their pizza that I have a problem with.
I don't know what they do differently but for whatever reason, their pizzas are super oily.
Just oily and soggy to the point where you cant even pick up a slice without everything just falling off and you being left with just a piece of soggy crust.
Even though I'm lactose intolerant, I can eat a few slices of pretty much any other pizza without suffering any consequences but if I eat just two slices of Papa John's, I'll be bedridden for the next 12 hours.
Within' this block, there's literally 5 other places to get pizza and this is definitely on the bottom of my list.

I love Papa John's pizza.
Not being from New York or Chicago, aside from mom and pop places, the franchise places are all we have.
Out of em all, I am partial to Papa John's.
This particular one, leaves a bad taste whenever I go.
I would say I was a regular until the problems started.
I'll list two.
Knowing how long orders take, I call before leaving work to this location to place my take out/pick up order.
I arrive about five minutes after my given estimate time and let the staff know about my order.
They say I never called.
I show them my phone and my call duration with their specified store phone number yet still.. No order for me.
So I leave, of course..
Upset..
Incident number two.
I try my luck a couple weeks later to see if I get better service.
I call before leaving work again for a take out.
They answer, "thank you for choosing Papa John's, would you like to try our special of any large any topig pizza for 11.00?
"  I say yes and ask for a meat lovers and an order of wings.
The order turns out to be 28.00.
I find it weird that my wings would cost over $15 bucks, so I call back to confirm my order.
Speak to the same person who took my order and told him my dilemma.
With a sigh he asks if I have a coupon for the special and reply how the special was offered upon ordering.
Given another sigh from the person I'm granted the special price.
I drive to the place to pick up and plastered on their window and a huge billboard is the special with no mention of coupon.
Needless to say, this place gets a one from me.

The guy was so ignorant I walked out.
I came in and asked to order then I asked for the specials.
The big black guy was just looking at me funny and asked "well what kinda specials?
: And I'm like "well what specials do you have, there are some specials advertised now on TV?
" Then he says "well I don't know  what they got on TV,I don't have time for TV.." So he doesn't give me any menu or anything so I look around, I said thank you and I walked away, he then says seing me exiting the door" well do u wanna know the specials?..like..a joke?
and I'm like: yes, I did.
Thank you.." and I left.
I'm hungry now but I'm not gonna beg ..

This place is a joke.
Ordered pizza on the day I was too sick to cook for my son.
THEY FORGOT TO DELIVER MY FOOD!
It was an hour after I ordered it that they called to tell me and told me it would take another hour.
I asked for a refund.
I noticed that they also charged me twice.
I'd better get refunded for both!

I never had a problem ordering pizza here, aside from the waiting time.
But that's typical of any pizza place.
Papa John's also has promos and coupons -- pretty much the only times I come here LOL.
Pizza is really good and not at all bland like say...school cafeteria pizza.
I've never ordered over the phone; I usually just buy in store so I don't know how their pizza delivery is like.
It's a 10-minute wait for about pizza to get done.

