Very good family run restaurant, good price for the value.
For a hearty, filling breakfast it's hard to beat.

Great food, great service.
I realize it was mid week but I was one of three tables.
We need to support local gems like this or we will be stuck earing at chains and being told how to eat a "happy meal"

When it comes to Mollie's I am perplexed.
It is like a most other country cafes in that is is homey with big portions at a not so big price.
Part of what confuses me is with use of the letter "K" in the name.
What is the purpose of that?
Whimmsey?
Whatever.
At least it is not named after a Karen.
That would make for an awkward set of initials.
Anyhow, second point of confusion, the decor.
There was a patchwork of table, chairs, and booths.
All looked as though they came from several other restaurants.
The chair I was in looked familiar.
My thought was L&L Hawaiin BBQ.
The table was reminiscent of Aloha Kitchen.
Some chairs looked like bamboo and had arm rests.
Other chairs did not.
Did the owners go to some surplus sale and buy what they could?
I don't know.
More important than the atmosphere is the food.
I got a lot of food for $9.99.
A Philly Skillet consisting of home fries topped with chopped beef steak, onion, bell pepper, three scrambled eggs and cheddar cheese.
On the side was two biscuits with gravy.
I was full when I left.
Satisfied though?
Eh.
The potatoes were oviously boiled before they were placed on the griddle.
Home fries are supposed to be browned and somewhat crunchy.
Not soggy.
The steak had a great flavor.
No complaints there.
The menu stated mushrooms were included in this dish.
There were no mushrooms.
Additionally, bell peppers were not mentioned yet had a supporting role.
This was acceptable but I really do like mushrooms.
So Mollie's gets docked points there.
As for the biscuits and gravy.
I've had better.
Heck, I've made better.
The biscuits were small and lacked the fluff I like in a good biscuit.
The gravy had no sausage as a good country gravy should.
It was more of a warm paste seasoned heavily with black pepper.
I hate to say it because I like to support little one-off places like this, but I prefer to go to Denny's for breakfast.
The service was good and quick.
I have to give them that.

How can I possibly give an establishment one star if  I have never eaten there, or even been inside?
I will tell you!
We spotted this restaurant while driving around and tried to make a mental note of where it was located because we frequent Harvest Cafe and wanted a back-up if it was good.
Unfortunately we never found this place again until last week.
Eureka!
We decided to go and check it out as soon as possible so I called them and the lady who answered the phone said they were open until 3 p.m.  3 p.m.?
Who can make a living only being open from 7 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Isn't this Vegas?
You know 24/7 or at least 8 p.m.
When we arrived there was one car in the parking lot just leaving...ut oh...the place is empty!
All the signs in the windows say they close at 2 p.m!
2 p.m.?
You've got to be kidding!
We missed it by 5 minutes?
And, who spells  "country cafe"  with K's?
You cannot possibly find this place with any app or yellow page looking for "cafes" - I know as I searched for weeks!
So make a note it's open from 7-2.
Guess it's good for breakfast and lunch, but not for dinner.
I sure wish they were, because if they are good we certainly could use another cafe around here.

The restaurant was very dirty and smelled intensely of bleach & cleaner (ironic).
The hostess/waitress tried to seat us at a table that was not clean, and had food on the floor underneath it.
I pointed out the mess - and she seated us at another not so clean table.
A few moments later she seated another couple at the same dirty table, without any effort at cleaning up the mess I had just pointed out to her.
My friend and I spent a few minutes contemplating the menu, but the strong smell of bleach/cleaner was so overwhelming we both lost our appetites and decided to leave.
Restaurants should smell like food, not cleaner - yet the place was filthy.
Many tables had not had their dishes removed; there was food all over the floor; the table was sticky; my friend had to brush bits of food off her chair before she could sit down; the menus were sticky and were marked all over with a marker (?
); the waitress could care less.
I tried to find a company website, but I don't think the owners of this business care about customer service.
Except for the pawn shop, every other business in this strip mall is closed - it feels like a place that has given up.
Very sad.
I try to support local, but at least with a chain there is a corporate office you can contact with concerns (dirty restaurant = dirty food = people get sick) and even the too big to fail chains respond to issues.
The health department needs to do a drive by.

The food and service were great.
I had the Omelette with cheese and turkey sausage, my daughter had the red velvet pancakes.
Fresh squeezed OJ was very tasty.
The  four stars are for the service and food.
They need to be more attentive to details with cleanliness and decor.
Several light bulbs were burnt out, dust on the walls and lights.
I would like to see them deep clean this place.
Lack of attention to detail with cleanliness always concerns me, because if they don't clean the place where customers sit and see, how does the kitchen look?

not bad.
not great.
But it worked for me.

If you have ever wondered about this neighborhood restaurant, don't waste your time and energy.
Don't waste your money either.
The food was gross.
I had a breakfast skillet, I think they poured have a bottle of oil on the skillet.
The sausage was the cheap round ones cut into pieces.
Absolutely gross.
My husband ordered the chili size.
It was a frozen patty (not completely cooked) with canned chili on top.
The fries looked like they were cooked in year old grease and put right on the plate rather than letting the grease drip in a basket.
The waitresses, well they left a lot to be desired.
The one was rude and I never saw her clear a plate.
The second one that actually took our order was nice enough but had med length hair that was not tied back.
When she "refilled" my cup it was with a splash.
Never going back and hoping I do not get sick!!

This was my first visit to this location as it is now known as Griddle Cakes.
I had been many times before to the Kountry Kafe.
Yelp says they open at 9:00, but they actually open at 7:00.
Empty upon our arrival, it did get a little busier as time went on.
I got the Chicken Fried Steak with eggs and home fries.
I substituted a pancake for the toast for additional charge of $1.00.
The pancake was outstanding and worth the extra charge.
The CFS itself was very good.
Nice and tender with plenty of flavor.
The eggs and home fries were average, as was the coffee.
I was not impressed with the orange juice.
It seemed like Tang with pulp added.
The waitress was pleasant and attentive, keeping the coffee cups full.
A decent place for breakfast and one that I will visit again.

We have not been disappointed yet here.
Food is always great.
A Great place for breakfast.
Pict utter es to come...

So I will start this off with the positives.
The service was very good.
The staff is very attentive, coffee cup was never without a refill and they are very polite.
My pancakes were another part of the story.
Very undercooked and extremely doughy.
Hard to tell if the lemon blueberry was a good flavor because you were eating half raw pancakes.
Pancakes are my guilty pleasure and for that reason it's highly unlikely I will ever return.
But prices are very reasonable and the egg dishes looked ok. My mom's waffle was ok.

