I like this petsmart because they have the toys my dogs is always in need of.
Sometimes you have to hunt for staff for check out but worth the wait.
I love being able to bring my dog in and try out in her things store.

I went to PetSmart to look at the dogs available for adoption.
As usual, they had nothing like what I'm looking for - young, female Maltese or mix.
I didn't go into the store, so until I find that little doggie of my dreams, I won't have a pet to require a trip inside PetSmart!

I'm writing this review in regards to the training/trainer at this location.....
Her name is Nancy and she did the most fantastic job of training our  Doberman (Skeletor) in both his puppy and intermediate classes!
I know you might be thinking...."Petsmart........WTF?
Really?
"  But yes, definitely two thumbs way up!!!
Now you can go to other places and spends HUNDREDS, maybe even a THOUSAND dollars (oh yes, I have met these people) to train your pet, OR you can spend $100 and have the same amount of attention and fantastic training as anywhere else!
Skeletor isn't a show dog, nor an attack dog......he's merely a 120 pound furry companion  that we didn't want to jump on Grandma or run over little kids.
His training was specific to him when necessary and always done with LOVE!
So, you can either take your own 'lil beast to some foo foo yuppy joint where you pay far too much money OR you can go to Nancy and have an equally wonderful experience for far far less!!!
Just sayin'!
P.S.
She really truly cares......whenever we go into that location, with our without the beasts, she's always there to say hello!
And if we don't bring the dogs we never hear the end of it......cause OBVIOUSLY, she'd rather see them than us!

I love coming here for my baby Benz needs.
i get in and out and it's the perfect one stop shop for your pet needs!
The people that work here are always friendly and happy to help you!
And I love that their snack/treats sections =) (not for me, for my Benz).

This is where I buy insects to feed my Hedgehog.
He likes to come here and stick his head out of his bag and look at everything.
Lots of really friendly staff who are very well informed.
Thanks for being so cool and my Hedgie thanks you for always having his favorite snacks.

The staff here has always been very helpful to my aquatic problems, and I've never bought a fish here that croaked a week later.
If only giant fish tanks weren't so expensive... they often have sales on common items I need.

The store is nice, clean and friendly but the cashiers can be total idiots.
Today I went and bought 2 bags of food and 1 dog shirt.
I had 2 manufacturers coupons, 1 for each bag of food.
The cashier scanned them after purchase and the screen froze.
He said only one coupon per transaction.
I said ok, ring it separately then.
He rang 1 bag and the shirt and started scanning the person behind me!
There were 5 people behind me.
The petsmart on rainbow and 215 never have issues with multiple coupons on different items.

I used to come here alot, when I worked right around the corner- it was convenient, before going home.
On our recent weekend jaunts, we were in the area on sunday, and came here to buy Nutro dry dog food for our cocker-spaniel.
This has always been a clean store, nicely organized, and fully stocked.
On the weekends, there are adoptions going on, with many cats and dogs, ready for their "forever home.
"  On that particular day, there were many families here shopping.
Reliable store for pet food and pet supplies.

I have critters, they have what critters need.
So I'm here several times a week, mainly to get crickets for my bearded dragon, Kirby.
This store always has them in stock, unlike some other petsmarts in the area, and it's near my house, a big plus.
They also have pretty good prices on cat food.

The workers are very friendly.
The food selections are getting much better.
But the prices are still a bit on the high side.
Went to purchase a crate that was on sale but they didn't have anymore and they couldn't give me a rain check because it was a special sale.
But the manager was very nice enough to give me another crate that was much better & more $$ then the one that was on sale.
So I was a super happy.
I didn't give it 5 stars because they still don't carry the food my baby eats.

Bought my aunt's Maltese to get a wash & cut.
The cut was horrible.
One ear was longer then the other.
Her chin had two chucks of long hair.
They shaved her butt hole that it was bare there.
I told them to fix it and they were like it looks fine I'm like no pointing it out to them.
So they took her back and tried to fix it but it seems like they made it worst.
Sigh.
My aunt was very upset.
Also they didn't clean her eye area very well too they just cut it.
Making it worst for the dog when it grows back it will be poking her eyes.
sighh..
They don't seems like they know how to style.
It's just one or two setting on the clippers.
No skills.
Every dog seems to have the same look.
Will never go back.

I really love this Petsmart.
The people who work here are super friendly and helpful.
I've taken my dog to the training classes here.
The trainer, Natalie, really knows her stuff.
She was very helpful.
They also have a great selection of tons of great products.
Other Petsmarts have been frustrating when I need to get an employee's assistance with things locked away behind glass and things like that.
You definitely can't go wrong at this location though.

We came here from out of town to daycare our two dogs while we spent the afternoon in Vegas at the casinos.
I had boarded them at Petsmarts in other parts of the country, and they were able to retrieve our dogs shot records.
That was real nice.
Staff was welcoming to our pets and to us as well.
It is quite reasonable to board for the half day.
Only $12 for six hours.
$24 for the day and they are open till 9 pm on most days.
So, if you are passing through, it is a reasonable stop if you have pets along.
Overnights are reasonable as well.
I can't say enough on how helpful the staff was, even giving us directions to Fremont St.  We will go back again for sure!

This PetSmart gets a big boost in my book because I adopted my dog here.
I am extremely partial to pet stores that make an effort to pair with an adoption agency or that have their own on site adoptions and this PetSmart made it possible for me to adopt the best dog possible.
They have a wide selection of basically anything you could need for any pet.

Been here before and it was just okay, but this last time I received amazing service.
I can't stop raving about it.
I just adopted a dog here last week.
A 8 week old half Dalmatian, Australian Shepard.
The process took forever, almost three hours and my daughter had fallen asleep in my arms.
Lugging 30lbs for over an hour killed me and by the time I went into the store I was beat.
This cashier was super friendly, helpful and did everything with me.
Her name was Jessica and I even called the store to praise her to the manager.
She did the tag process for me, grabbed all the food, leash and collar in the store and brought it to the front.
She gave me coupons that i didnt even know i qualified for that took about 20 bucks off the total.
awesome!
She explained all the free benefits I would get since I adopted a dog from them and the benefits I would receive.
She made it so easy and fast.
I couldn't have been happier with how helpful she was.
She even offered to help me with the stuff to the car.
She was a real blessing when I was in a crunch on time and my arm was becoming bruised and abused.
Petsmart rocks.

I buy Wasabi his crickets and worms here.
Worms are alive, and the staff is pleasant.

We brought our apricot mini poodle name Paolo here Friday, Sept. 6th.
The groomer lady who helped us was very helpful and  friendly.
She said our poodle would be ready in three hours, I told her I how I want his cut to be and when we picked up Paolo he was totally cute with the new haircut.
The price was so reasonable for him, complete treatment for $45.00, was happy with result I gave a good tip to the groomer lady.
I was so happy we're bringing my Blue mini poodle Sept. 20th for her haircut too.
I went to Noah's Arc groomer on MLK and was not happy with the outcome of my poodle.
Thanks goodness she's grown all her hair back again so next week we'll definitely take her to Petsmart on N. Rainbow again.
We'll be loyal customer to them now, I'm sure my 2 poodles, 1 yorkie will always be cute after their haircuts.
It's hard to try different groomers cause you never know how you're family pet will be treated or the finish product of the haircut.
Nice to know when you finally find a great groomer you can trust will take care of your family dogs.
I highly recommend this Petsmart.
Plus it's in the Best in the West mall, so while you're waiting you can walk around and shop or eat at their numerous restaurants around.

Please be wary of the customers.
I was leaving w/my dog who is dog aggressive.
Instead of being understanding this wannabe Larry The Cable Guy gave me a hard time.
I should have reported this jerk to security.
In over 4 years of owning my dog I have never had a problem.
Other dog owners understand & go around us or let us by.
I like this store but I won't go back.
Maybe The Cable Guy had been drinking-it was during the holidays.
Sorry Petsmart I am not comfortable at your store.
All I did was to ask to get by.

We drop off our Bichon Frise at the Pet Hotel when we can't take him with us.
He absolutely loves it.
The staff is terrific also, even cleaned our dog bed and blanket before we picked him up.

I have been taking my Shih Tzu and Silky terrier to PetSmart groomers for the last four years but after this last visit I will be looking for a new groomer.
This is the second time one of them have come home with a razor burn and was miserable for two days.
Usually the cuts are cute and the Shih Tzu was good but my Silky looked like Edward scissor hands cut his fur.
After the first time there was a razor burn and we had to go to the vet which the groomer paid for and we got reimbursed for the grooming I should have not went back but I gave them another chance and my poor dog paid for it.
I won't be back.

The couple time I have come into this store have been for fish gear.
I bought a small aquarium, gravel, a net, some tank decorations, gold fish food, water treatment and a few comet goldfish.
Supply on hand is limited but the prices have been fair and even cheaper than Walmart in some cases.
But the friendliness of the staff has been hit and miss.
While wondering the isles I was passed by a few employees without so much as a howdoyoudo.
I was standing at the fish section looking at what would become my future pets and nobody offered assistnace even though there were two people staff members standing there.
I looked over at one and told him I need to get a couple of fish.
He hardly said a word and just scooped two without letting me choose.
I'm almost surprised he did not give me the first fish that he scooped that was swimming upside down.
He threw it back in the tank though it was circling the bowl and gave me a better one.
I gotta give him that.
It was the cashiers who were the most friendly and displayed the best customer service.

