This is one more positive Panda Express experience.
As a regular Panda Express customer, I realize that they are the Target of fast food places.
Panda Express is a fast food restaurant with the ambiance of casual dining, at a price that is not much more than the burger places.
Today I tried their potato chicken.
It is different.
Panda Express has one of the cutest mascots: Tom Tom the panda bear.
This location features a neat display of the panda bears.
The employees are friendly.
One of them was telling me about the panda bears display, and that some locations sell the stuffed panda bear    I was glad to see that they brought back the eggplant with tufu.
What I also enjoy about this Panda Express is that it shares a parking lot with Best Buy and Starbucks.
I give this Panda Express, and many other locations 4-stars.

The main function of this review is to certify that a real Yelper has been here and has received reasonable service and food that was about the standard of any other Panda Express.
No rudeness or food poisoning was involved in the production of this review.
Enjoy.

This is a standard Panda Express.
The food tastes the way it should and the staff is friendly and fast.
The location is the best part of this place.
It is right off the 95 in the shopping area near Costco, DSW, and Best Buy.
The only way this location would be better is if it had a drive through.
Son likes the orange chicken, as does the husband.
Husband also enjoys the fried rice and anything deep fried.
For a healthy option, the mandarin chicken with steamed rice is the ticket!

This is my favorite Panda Express in the Vegas area.
The staff is friendly and welcoming.
They also give a lot of food where as MOST other PE' employees are becoming super cheap with the portions and acting as if they are the one buying the food.
Also, this PE is staying true to their roots and leaves a bowl of fortune cookies out for you to take as many as you please.
I have a PE less than a mile away from me and I choose to drive 4 miles away to have a pleasant experience at this one =]

I'm not really one to typically rate chains but my experience at this Panda Express was so poor that I couldn't stop myself.
We'd been traveling for about 6 hours by the time we pulled up to this restaurant.
We were all hungry and a little bit edgy (family of 4) but anxious for something to satisfy us.
We don't eat a lot of traditional fast food, and when I saw a Panda Express sign I was thankful we could end up somewhere we all like and agree on.
The food was waaaaaaaaaaaay sub par and the portions borderline unacceptable.
There were no people in line before or after us and all the little food bins were virtually empty.
I appreciated that they offered to cook 2 of our orders up fresh, but when we received them it was about 1/4 cup of each item, if not less - and the veggies were too crisp (raw) to even bite into them.
We expected to at least be able to eat the rice and noodles, and both of them tasted oily and undercooked.
No bueno.
The staff wasn't rude, but certainly wasn't friendly.
We typically like the Panda Express stores near us but unfortunately this experience was bad enough that I think it will be a long while before we visit any others.

An hour before they closed, I decided to go to Panda to pick up a plate to cure a hangover.
I live super close to Costco by Galleria and this Panda location is literally next door.
Score!
The strip mall this sits in is huge!
Best Buy, Joann's, Costco, Starbucks,  Bed Bath and Beyond are just a few stores that fills this mall.
The location has floor to ceiling windows which brings a lot of light into the restaurant during the day and allows onlookers to view the restaurant from the outside at night.
The location is clean.
In fact the employees were mopping and wiping tables when I arrived.
I got the three entree plate for $8.08.
I was a little irritated that most of the food was gone by that time and they weren't looking to make anymore.
In fact, my favorite dish, the teriyaki chicken (I usually get it without sauce) was out of stock.
Buzz Kill!
Good thing my second dish was still there, the chicken and mushrooms.
I decided to get two orders of those and a 3rd order of the beef and broccoli.
My starch was the fried rice.
Chinese style rice with veggies and egg in it.
Super flavorful with the soy sauce, but I could tell it was made a while before I arrive.
Some rice grains were hard but still satisfied my palate.
The chicken and mushrooms are always a crowd pleaser!
Cut chicken thighs, button mushrooms and sliced zucchini.
The sauce probably has a lot of ingredients.
I think  I taste oyster sauce and soy sauce.
Either way, it's delicious!
Packed with flavor and eat component offers delightful textures which makes the overall dish sing!
This is a place where you can get in, order and get out.
It's kind of like fast food but not really.
Plate lunch Chinese food is how I identify this place.
Panda is a place that I've always visited growing up and will continue to visit for years to come.
For those few people who have never tried it, get down and grab a plate.

Once again, Panda has given me poor, slow service and a streaming serving of meh.
Why do I keep torturing myself?
Three ppl in line, including me.
Mr. Whispersalot keeps asking me questions that I can't hear over the music, workers, banging pots, and someone's screaming child.
His co worker leans in and yells at me what he was asking, with lots of gesticulation, like I'm an imbecile.
It's not that I couldn't understand him - I just couldn't HEAR him.
Finally, I get across that I want the broccoli beef to go.
He spoons it into the bowl and then asks me if it is for here or to go.
Now who doesn't understand?
I say to go again, he slaps a lid on it, then tells me to go to the checkout.
The two people in front of me are browsers, "do you have this or that, can I have a sample of that, how much are your egg rolls," etc.
I bypass them and meet him at the checkout.
...and he walks right past me into the back!
I'm standing there like a doofus while the browsers continue their shopping for another 5 minutes or so.
Meanwhile, little miss Can't Make Eye Contact completely ignores me.
I stand there.
She answers their questions.
She gives samples.
She sells them drinks.
Mikey Can't Decide goes over his egg roll options again.
She checks them out.
My guy never returns.
Finally, without looking at me, she asks, "Is that for here or to go?
"  Arrrgh!
The food isn't good enough for this aggravation.
Heck, it's not good, period.

My family whent to have dinner at this location because is the only one close to our home ...i wish there was another option any ways.., i order togo one of the staff her name Dayssi she looks like a 15yr.
old.. Don't know how to serve i ask is she could put more rice she looked at me funny ., I guess she was not happy about me asking, I'm going to pay for it don't want it for free!
2 week later i come back again with my family to have dinner about 7pm as soon as i walked in she started Laughlin at me whispering to another co worker.
Her customer service sucks i felt discriminated  i talk to one of the girls that was in charge let her know how was i feeling .
, I'm also calling the manager and and corp i don't want any for free i just want respect and good customer service !

