I only discovered Sonic about a year ago, my boyfriend introduced it to me.
I was missing out on Sonic for all that time!
Hands down one of the best fast food places around.
The menu is large and everything I have tried is delicious, even their dollar menu burgers are very tasty and good for a small meal or to fill up on their amazing onion rings or mozzarella sticks.
Everything is SO reasonably priced!
My favorite order has to the be the Bacon Cheeseburger Toaster meal with a Watermelon Slush and Tots (instead of fries).
YUM!!
I also find that when the Vegas heat is at its most brutal, a Route 66 fruit slush is the perfect thing to cool down on.
It's 66 ounces of cold, sweet goodness.
I must point out the Sonic Blast.
You can get the Junior Candy Sundae size for $1, or a regular sized one.
It is so good, but let it be known that the regular size is so filing it's like a meal just in itself.
This particular Sonic always has good service as well.
Quick, accurate orders with friendly workers.
Sonic also has happy hour EVERYday 2-4pm where drinks are half off.
One thing I like is that you can take it to go, eat in your car, or also eat outside on benches in front of the establishment.
If you haven't tried Sonic, it's time.

Me and my families first time was last Saturday, about 5 pm.
All we ordered were soft drinks and mozerella sticks.
The wait was very long.
But what was more frustrating was the were jumping cars and giving them there orders before us!!!!!!
I asked the kid why did it take so long?
And he said there are short of staff and they have new employees, well which is it?
But for as far as the food, it was awful.
I will never go back to this company at all.

I've come here on a few occasions, usually because I'm on my way home and in a hurry to get something on the super quick.
In terms of other options that I have on my route, there's also a KFC and a Taco Bell, so...
I want to like Sonic.
I like their commercials, I like their cool drinks, and I like their concept.
But I can't get behind this place 100%.
Nothing here is exceptionally good, I usually have to wait a long time, and the prices aren't even super low.
I'll continue coming here every now and then, but I'll never do it over In N Out.

