I wasn't impressed by my carne asada buritto-it was ok.
I am VERY burrito picky!
Some friends rave about this place-so I ordered what they get: the carnitas plate.
I love it!
It may break my burrito habit.
Now if I could only find the perfect burrito in vegas.

Not nearly as good as the feliptios on Tropicana.
It is inside a Gas Station, so if you're eating here you must be desperate, but hey, there is a post office in the same gas station, so you might be able to do 5 things at once.

I have never been to this restaurant, but product vendors will seldom come into our office, bring goodies and treats to the Interior Designers!
This particular fabric vendor pays a visit in the mornings with a bag of Felipito's breakfast burritos and it is very good!
It is not oily, has amazing taste and portion is huge!
I can only eat half which fills me up pass lunch time!
I am a fan of their breakfast burritos!!
Keep em coming Mr.
Fabric Vendor!

This food is delicious and filling.
The prices are amazing for Vegas.
And the girl behind the counter is super cool!
I ate here pretty much every day I was in Vegas.
The bean burrito is cheap and huge!
The chile relleno is delicious.
And you can wash it all down with a big cup of horchata - the most delicious thing from Mexico since Salma Hayek!

It's pretty much like Roberto's Taco Shop only I believe there's more options.
The taste for the cheese enchiladas are alright, not extraordinary.

Felipito's on Decatur?!
I wonder if it's the same as the one on Tropicana?
Naaaaaaahhh!
Not even close, they should really change the name.
I ordered a grilled chicken burrito from here expecting chicken, lettuce, sour cream, and cheese.
Instead, I got rice, cheese, and like 2 table spoons of chicken that tasted old and had plenty of ligaments I had to spit out.
Good thing a ordered one of their mini Carne asada tacos which came with beans and chips on the side.
The inside is dirty and the tables were filthy.
The workers seemed like they didn't wanna be there and had a face on them like someone just stole their sombrero.
I might give this place another try, but only if I'm in the area.
Definitely wouldn't go out my way to eat here.
The Tropicana location is better in every way.

Very tough to find as the address is actually located behind a gas station.
The restaurant itself was a refurbished hamburger place and still had some if the signs left.
Decent menu and reasonable prices.
Food was above average, large portion size for the money so a great deal.
Strange thing was no chips and salsa when we waited for order to be prepared.

This is easily the worst Mexican Food I have ever had..
I mean.. bad.. was so crappy that for 24 hours i kept remembering it.. yeah.. that's right.. Montezuma took his revenge on me.. totally 100% bad food.. avoid it...

Lets begin with this fact;  I'm utterly obsessed with flautas.
It happened once I was pregnant with my daughter leilah.
She's 10 months & I'm still craving them.
Good for the taste buds, not so much for my fat ass.
Didn't know about this place until my father in law brought it home yesterday.
He also brought their homemade salsa (Its a yellow green color with a little red tint) It literally is the best salsa I've ever had.
I ate about 4 containers.
It is spicy yet refreshing.
Yu know its good salsa when you can eat a shit ton and not get heart burn.
Felipito's FTW!
He brought me their flautas, which come with guac, sour cream and a ton of cheese.
Which i love.
I don't go to robertos anymore because they put literally a pinch of cheese.
Here, your food is worth every time.
My father in law told me that they are very reasonable, especially for the amount of food they had.
My inlaws were able to share a chile relleno combo.
They got the horchata and loved it.
Can't wait to come back and try some of their other items.
3.5 stars, so I rounded up.

Again, a place that doesnt look like much from the outside but I assure you, this place is the bees knees!!
Their breakfast burritos are the best I have ever had!
I am a huge fan and go here a couple times a month.
Great rolled tacos and enchiladas as well.
Their green salsa is to die for.
Go here and get a breakfast burrito, you wont be disappointed!

Best Carne Asada fries in town!

A little greasy but otherwise very good.
Nice people and huge portions!

I have always pass this place on way home from the gym.
I figure why not give it try plus another review on my way too one hundred.
The menu is pretty extensive for such small place between the plates, mini tacos, and just lot lot more.
They even have two separate menus one that has pictures of most of the plate items (all numbered make it easier), the pics nice size so you can easily see them, and get good idea what you would be getting if order it.
The regular menu kind of all over the place so if undecided kind of makes decision harder.
I love my lengua comes too my tacos.
So I had too get couple orders of the mini tacos lengua style.
I order something off the regular menu burrito and enchilada plate.
The lengua thought was ok.
They were generous with the amount of protein always good thing in life!
It comes with refried beans and chips.
The refried beans for me just plain and not very good.
It was little more chunkier then normal spots go too when get my taco fix.
Just felt like no real flavor too them.
The lengua tacos were good but nothing special.
The combination plate the enchilada was just that nothing special and the sauce could have had more flavor.
Burrito it was OK.
Nothing skimpy about it.
It packed with shredded meat with some onions and green bell peppers.
The meat was moist and overall ok nothing that wowed me.
Really the general theme through out my whole meal felt was OKKKK.
The price you pay is very reasonable and portion size get your money worth.
If in the mood for more authentic mexican food not the place would stop by.
If want something quick, easy, and bang for your buck Felipito Mexican is great choice.
Comes too personality nothing better then going too gas station for some mexican food!
It located next too the mini mart in the gas station.
Ok might not be that original considering they're McDonalds or different mexican restaurants at other gas stations.
If nothing for pure entertainment interesting see the people that walk in and out of mini markets?

Roberto's is my greasy fast food Mexican spot of choice in the area, but every once in a while I have a hankering for something different and that's when Felipito's comes in handy.
Their food is ok, nothing spectacular but they have some different options like churros and other desserts to tempt the tastebuds.
They have all the typical Mexican fare and it's all greasy and pretty tasty.
I usually end up with a breakfast burrito or rolled tacos, which were a little crunchier than I would like but I enjoy their salsas quite a bit.
They have a drive thru which is the main attraction for me.
It's attached to a gas station and 7-11, which also makes for a convenient spot to pick up grub while running other errands or picking other snacks we might need.

My go to mexican spot!
Cheap and delicious.
It's a no frills, quicky meal!
Price, locations, and offerings are about the same as roberto's but this is definitely a step up above the regular fast mexican resturant.
Chicken burrito is bomb

Great food especially when coming home drunk from the club lol.

Food at the gas station...need I say more.
Decor is nothing special, but the food is what matters.
Great portions for a good price.
Will definitely come back when I need a quick fix.

Tired of fast food, so I asked my cousin (a local) for recommendations on grub.
He took me to Feipito's and i wasn't disappointing.I was skeptical on ordering Horchata (some places don't get it right) but it was great.
I ordered a two taco combo (carne asada) and the portion was huge!
The carne asada was fresh and the tacos were bigger than expected.
I loved the side of beans and rice.
Got the most out of my money here.

Always clean, fast, and delicious!
I have no complaints and come here all the time.
Better than Robertos, especially the taquitos/rolled tacos.
They also have a salsa Robertos doesn't have.
It's my favorite, a molcajete type salsa.

Great food!
There are very few places you can get great Mexican food and this is one of few!
Great prices for the food and the staff are great people!
I always go there after a night out!

I prefer Felipitos over all other fast food mexican places..
I always order the pollo asada plate after a workout with beans.
Always freshly made and now as greasy as Robertos.
The staff is always friendly.
A regular here.

one of the best Mexican places in Las Vegas

Good food, good portions, good prices.
But god damn, every time I order something with instructions, they get it wrong.
Employees need to step up their game.

