I've seen better and i've seen worse 99 Cents Only Stores----This one is right in the middle.
It is always busy which, at times, makes it very messy.
The staff is usually hit and miss, i've gotten some really nice people but other times its been a nightmare.
They do have a pretty wide selection of things, i've never walked out without what i came in for.
They could open some more checkout lanes considering how busy they usually are.

Well the parking lot sucks A**.
Its always busy and people are going in every which direction.
The store is laid out pretty well i guess.
Love the 99 cent prices or 39 cent prices.
Great selection of fruit and produce.
The Refrigerated and Frozen section is always well stocked and its easy to find what your looking for.
The candy is hit or miss as i bought some that was stale.
Cant go wrong with 3 Liter sodas for 99 cents or when you need a last minute kitchen item.

This place is the same as the one on my side of town but everything is backwards compared to the one by my house.
I don't know why they aren't all the same.
This location was a MESS, their shelves were partially empty and they had palates of stuff blocking ends of shelves which made it hard for me to find what I was looking for, plus they were almost out of the item too.
This location like most others was very busy.
This location and several others, NEVER have enough cashiers which causes people to block the aisles because the lines are too long.
It makes it very hard to shop around the store.
I only go into this location if I absolutely have to because it's near where I work.
but if prefer my location near summerlin.

Who doesn't love 99 cent store!
This store is awesome cause u never know what good brands they have in here!
And the food area is soooo good!

Go on the right day and the produce is super, The store is a mess, however when I go I just plan on looking around for the bargains and hoping I find the treasures.
Lol.
Be prepared for rude customers and unruly kids.
Be prepared for long lines.
All the cashiers I have dealt with are really nice.

They are changing the layout around.
OK, keep things fresh, but they took out the center spaces where one could cut through, leaving long long aisles.
No bueno.

