Never been treated so unprofessionally in my life.
Worst customer service, ever.

My daughter and I both used this company and they were great.
My daughter had 3 companies come out to repair her garage door.
This was the only company that gave an estimate to repair the other two only wanted to sell her a new door.
The spring on my door was broken.
In 15 minutes he had it repaired and it was a reasonable price.
I feel this company it reputable and I highly recommend them for garage door repair.
They also gave the lowest price for garage door replacement.
I will use them again.

Our garage door torsion spring broke last night.
We called this morning and got an appointment set up right away.
Kenny showed up on time and fixed the problem in just 20 minutes.
I have read DIY material about how to replace garage door springs, so I know what to expect.
But it is still such a joy to see Kenny do his job so efficiently.
He projects great confidence in what he does, and it makes me very comfortable in knowing that his job is highly reliable.
Not to mention all this is done at a below the market average price!
I will definitely call them again for any garage door problem in the future!

Horrible Customer Service!
I called them to fix my garage door that had fallen off the track.
They were very efficient in making it out in time and fixed it.
After 1 day it started acting up.
It was getting caught, bouncing and not going all the way up.
I called back to see if I could get them back out.
I started by tell the guy what i paid for them to come out and fix it, this is what they fixed, and now it's acting up...etc...
The guy immediately sounded irritated with me.
As our conversation went on he told me "you paid $75 for 30 minutes of work, now I don't mean to insult your intelligence, but that doesn't include warranty" I WAS LIKE... DID THIS GUY JUST FUCKING SAY THAT TO ME!!!!
I COULD NOT BELIEVE IT... ASSHOLE!
I told him that I would look around and call back if I decided to go with his company.
He then told me in a completely condescending way, "Now you understand it will be $75 if you do?
"  Never again will I deal with this company, nor recommend them...
I will recommend to people who not to call that's for sure!

experience was fair.
the repair crew answered my questions and gave me the best option in my interest for my pocketbook.
gotta love the "no bullshit" approach.
the BAD  part about this company is  the  second crew that came to fix the garage door.
the repair man  was ridiculously  RUDE and OBNOXIOUS

This company is AWESOME!!!
I called them on a Friday around 12:30 p.m. someone was out at my house within 45 min to look at our garage.
They gave us a quote and fixed our garage with a new motor.
Cost was $395.00 and garage works perfect now!
Thanks Pioneer Overhead Door.

