The Director and Staff here are phenomenal!
We have been with this location for about 2 years and they continue to impress.
The curriculum, ratio's, pricing, and cleanliness are all top notch!
No comparison to other daycares/schools around the Valley!
Go have a tour now!

We started attending Creative Kids when our daughter turned 18 months just about a year ago.
The staff has always been helpful with big transitions by providing her with extra attention.
My daughter has almost never been upset when I drop her off in the mornings & is excited to learn new things, play outside & play with her friends "at school".
She is about 2.5 yrs, counts to 20, sings her ABCs, knows her colors & speaks 9 word sentences.
While we certainly read & practice these skills with her at home, I believe she has learned most of it at Creative Kids.
She can also hold a pen properly, draw circles & is always coming home with great crafts to show off.
I truly think the staff there enjoy taking care of children.
They have also helped guide me through professional child care since it was all new to me.
The administration staff is easy going, the building is clean.
I guess I don't really have a bad thing to say.

My son has attended creative kids for a year now and I couldn't be happier with sending him here.
My son started when he was about 2 1/2 and he was going 3 days a week.
The teachers and staff at creative kids have always been so professional, pleasant, and flexible.
My schedule sometimes changes and I have never had an issue with having to switch a day here or there.
My son was very shy and a little anti social when he started attending and now he tells me about his friends, the songs he sings at school, and the art projects he does.
They were a HUGE help when it came to potty training.
I couldn't have done it without them!
I toured several daycare's before choosing creative kids and I can honestly say it is the cleanest and most inviting.
My son has never come home with any injury or looking dirty in any way.
Give this daycare a shot.
You will not be disappointed.

I highly recommend this day-care center for any child, especially toddlers.The staff here is AMAZING and so patient (with both parents and kids :)) I recently re-enrolled my 2 year old son here and he instantly connected with his teachers and friends after being on hiatus for almost a month.
Their establishment is clean, well kept & so affordable.

I was very hesitant on my 2 year old son going to a daycare.
As he was very attached to me and had never gone to school before.
When I met the staff and toured their facility I was amazed.
Ms. Belinda is an amazing director and showed nothing but love and compassion for my son (like he was the only student there).
The girls at the front desk are very friendly and welcoming.
Within a few days everyone knew him by name.
Over a 4 month span my 2 year old son went from barley speaking at all to singing nursery rhymes, counting and knowing his ABC's.
Ms. Angie was his primary teacher and he talked about her all the time.
I could see that my son trusted her and loved her like she was apart of our family.
She made it a point to brief us everyday on our sons day, keep us reassured and take the time to answer any questions we had.
She worked so well with him, taught him so much and I absolutely adore her!
I am devastated that my son will not be attending anymore since we are moving across town.
But if you are considering this school don't bother looking anywhere else, they are the best!
We will miss them!
-Brittni R

