Sierra will not quote any price without having their technician diagnose the problem.
They charge $75 for a diagnosis.
They improperly installed my system only 4 years ago.
Their improper installation led to the failure of the compressor on my A/C unit, yet they will not quote a price for a warranty repair unless I pay them $75 to diagnose it.
I told their representative exactly what the problem was, and exactly the service that I wanted them to perform, yet they insist on having their technician look at it before quoting a price.
Even though they installed the system, they will not waive the $75 fee.

STAY AWAY.
They came out last night, charged us $350 for a $25 thermostat that still doesn't work, and then wanted several hundred dollars for  12 pounds of freon and told us it could cost $3000 to fix the leak.
AFter telling them to leave we called another service company who found the valves were loose and put in 2 pounds of freon and we have heat.
Sierra will size you up and try to get as much as you can when you are vulnerable with no heat or cooling.
STAY AWAY.

We have had them out numerous times.
Our "property management" sent out a sketch company.
After 2 weeks in vegas with a $300 power bill we called Sierra.
They showed up on time.
Very friendly.
And a great price.
Now if I could only find a new property manager.

WARNING...!!!
SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......  RIP-OFF ARTIST.
Had a friend, that is an A/C repair tech, look at my units and tell me my compressor was out on one, and added 2lbs.
of freon to my other unit.
I payed the $75 for their diagnosis to get them here, even though i knew what was wrong.
They quoted $4000 for the new compressor so I told him to leave, he said he added 7lbs.
of freon to the other unit, without my say, and gave me a $495 bill.
I said i was not going to pay it.
He said they will send me to a collections company and mess with my credit... .
so i payed..
WARNING...!!!
SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......SCAM......

What a horrific disaster these people are.
They did the original install on my AC according to my builder.
So when my AC unit started leaking I called them since my house was less than five years old I figured they might know a bit or give me a deal since the AC went bad after less than five years.
Boy was I wrong.
The guy they sent over was not unpleasant, but for some reason when talking to his back office over the phone he couldn't give me an estimate.
When I repeatedly requested some sort of price the repair guy said somewhere between 1800-3200 bucks he "guessed.
" He promised the office would call me in the morning.
Also on the way out the repair guy kicked my three year old in his face!
I called them that next afternoon wanting to know how much it would really cost and why they hadn't called me.
They assured me they would call me the very next day.
They didn't of course.
After I called them five times on five consecutive days they finally gave me an estimate of $3200 bucks.
I got a second opinion, you know what that (highly reputable/highly rated on yelp) second opinion did?
They fixed poorly installed parts (poorly installed by Sierra) completely negating the need for any part replacement.
And apparently Sierra flat out lied when they said I needed a new coil: about $2000 in work.
Sierra told me $THIRTY TWO HUNDRED DOLLARS TO FIX THEIR TERRIBLE INSTALL.
and then a friendly, more reputable place did it in EIGHTY FIVE DOLLARS.
EIGHT FIVE.
SIERRA CHARGED ME SEVENTY-FIVE JUST TO SHOW UP!
(Okay they didn't kick my three year old, but I bet they wanted to.

Most companies charge less than $75 for a diagnostic.
Always shop around and get a 2nd opinion.

Sierra Air conditioning told me my air conditioner was under warranty so they would charge me only for the labor and they would have to send a technician to do a diagnosis ($75).
The techinician came out and did a two minute check and said the compressor was shot (I told him it was the compressor).
Then called and was told my ac wasn't under warranty.
I argued only to be upset to pay $75 for a technician do two min of work.
HE ALSO HAD THE ODACITY TO ASK ME FOR TIP MONEY.
WOW YOU MUST BE JOKING!
NEVER AGAIN.

Wow!
incompetent representatives, horrible customer service.
Had service call and guy collected no information, he had to come out to do same visit over again.
When speaking with a supervisor, from the start she had a bad tone and attitude on top of that she did not express that it mattered at all how they dropped the ball and did not care to take any steps or make any suggestions on how to make things right.
I would not recommend this company.

Please people do NOT get ripped off by these guys.
Came and said our blower motor was bad on our system.
Then told us it was going to be 1,100 bucks to fix it.
When I asked how much the labor was and how much parts were the technician couldnt tell me.
They carry a book with various prices to fix different HVAC systems.
The page they show you will have the name of the problem and just a price.
RED FLAG !!!
This is like 600 bucks overpriced based on our model and tons efficiency etx.
Dont get jacked up.
These guys are rip off artists!

Technician had a speech prepared.
Bait and switch, trying to sell unneeded repairs.
Jerks.

My A/C has been slowly dying for two summers now.
I have had numerous companies come out give estimates and repairs - basically I had an idea how much a new unit would cost.
This time I called Sierra Air Conditioning.
Hands down, the most professional company I have done business with in a long time.
From start to finish, the service was top notch, the administrators in the office were spot on, and Chris Ramsay could not have been more helpful.
I ended up paying much less than I had been quoted from other companies and, although buying a new A/C unit is not a fun purchase....Sierra Air Conditioning made it a painless process.
I also have a rental property and when I need A/C repair, I will call them again.
I highly recommend them to anyone.

Saw they represented COSTCO and let them come out.
Getting a Price from them was like Playing a Slot Machine - always the outcome varied - so I did my checking and they lowered their price from over $ 1,800 to $ 1,100 and they still were about $ 500.00 overpriced.
However their installers did an excellent job - even though the follow up and sales information provided by Chris was horrible.
I'll wait and see how they perform on the routine maintenance.
If they turn into a problem I'll just complain to COSTCO Corporate.
Angie's List and everywhere else.
Getting Honest Reliable Contracting Help in Las Vegas seems to be an Oxymoron.
By the way - Do not Order their Filters - they are over 100% higher than on many websites.

My A/C has been slowly dying for two summers now.
I have had numerous companies come out give estimates and repairs - basically I had an idea how much a new unit would cost.
This time I called Sierra Air Conditioning.
Hands down, the most professional company I have done business with in a long time.
From start to finish, the service was top notch, the administrators in the office were spot on, and Chris Ramsay could not have been more helpful.
I ended up paying much less than I had been quoted from other companies and, although buying a new A/C unit is not a fun purchase, Sierra Air Conditioning made it a painless process.
I also have a rental property and when I need A/C repair, I will call them again.
I highly recommend them to anyone.
I do hope that Yelp keeps my review this time, as it keeps getting mysteriously deleted.

STAY AWAY!!!!
My ac was still covered under the 5 year parts warranty.
Called Sierra Air who originally installed the ac for my houses builder.
paid them 69.00 for a Service call.
The technician determined it was a faulty compressor.
assured me the labor only charge would only be $250-$500.
He also told me that if it wasnt covered by the warranty that the job would be $2000.
I call them up to schedule the job and i think everything is great.
well guess what on the day of the repair dispatch calls me and informs me that the labor is gonna cost me $1900!!!!
I call them back and tell them that is too much and that they are trying to pull one over on me.
I cancel the repair.
so sad to say we have been without AC for over 2 weeks thanks to Sierra Airs speedy response and reputable Business practices.
Did i mention i am active duty airforce and had to leave my family with no AC.
i am currntly out of town serving at a temporary duty station.
And had to leave my wife my 7 yr old son.
Thanks Sierra Air!
Happy Memorial day!
PLEASE STAY AWAY!!!
from this crook of a company.
Called up Legacy Air and they are taking care of us.
Please dont let this happen to you.

I have to start out by saying I have never used this company for anything.
However I sat behind two of their techs (in uniform) and overheard their conversation over lunch.
Can't count how many times they dropped the F-bomb, then they were discussing a service call that came in, and one of the two recommended that because it was a warranty call, he should just do a drive by and say there was no one home!!
No concern for the representation of the company or who may be overhearing this sad conversation.

They were able to come out same day, actually within a few hours of me calling.
Louis was the technician and he was on point.
He not only got my ac back in action but he also have me a few pointers on maintenance of the unit.
Thanks again Sierra and you will be my go to again.

So two days ago we had our air stop working.
The unit is only 7 years old.
My wife called Sierra Air and got the run around, they told her it was out warranty after five years but Todd came out right away, check it out, contacted York and found out we had 10 years, I called Sierra back and still got the run around so even after they admitted it was covered, we decided to pay the extra $400 to go worth Black Mountain.
If I don't feel I can trust you I will not give you my business.
Labor and other parts would have cost us $1000, so we chose to go with Todd.
I still had to pay the $1000 plus $500 for the parts but I can trust Black Mountain.

