ok place if you are looking for stone veneer.
love their showroom, they have many different types and colors of stone so you really get a good visual on what to buy.
they also have quite a few choices in stock, although not everthing so if youre looking to meet a deadline i recommend going in ASAP just in case what you want needs to be special ordered.
the reason i docked the amount of stars was because of their customer service skills.
at first, everything was okay and the lady that assisted me was very pleasant.
we gave her the measurements of everything so she could estimate what we needed.
she explained everything then we made our purchase.
in the end, we were short by FIVE corner peices.
thats right, FIVE.
and we had 2 and a half small boxes of flats left over..  when we explained this to her, she said we would have to bring back a whole full box of flats to exchange it for an ENTIRE box of corners then pay the difference.
another $32 later, our project was complete and we had an almost full box of corners and a box and a half of flats remainding.
kind of irritating since we gave her exact measurements.
her estimate was way off and we had to come out of pocket with more money.
the second thing, was that the day before thanksgiving, they called asking when we were coming buy to pick up the stone we ordered.
at the time it was only 130pm and they did not close until 4. when that was pointed out to the lady that called she responded with 'well its a holiday and we want to get out of here.
'   ok, and?
nowhere posted does it say you were closing early thanksgiving eve.
soo, unless im mistaken, i have another 2 and a half hours before you are even supposed to lock your doors.
her response, 'yeah but its a holiday.
'  seriously?
are we three?
whats happening?
ANYWAY.
my overall experience was not GREAT.
the only thing great about it was their selection of stone.
customer service could use some work.
and if you want holiday hours, then post them.
it cost about 3 grand for 220 sq.
ft. of the stone we wanted.. not ridiculous but not the best price either.
the main reason theyre easy to deal with is because a lot of its in stock..

We visited the showroom after talking to a rep at their booth at the Las Vegas Outdoor show.
We had an idea of what we wanted and Ryan helped us find an exact match of thin brick for the interior wall, art niches' and fireplace surround.
Ryan also recommend a very competent contractor, Eaton Masonry, who we had do the work.
We are extremely pleased with the service at AZ Stone, as well as with Eaton.
We WILL recommend to others and the next project we will go to the best resources, AZ Stone and Eaton.

Really awful experience with this company.
First, they left very valuable veneer out in the rain and it was damaged beyond use.
Then, upon re-order, they did not even check to see that the new product was cracked beyond repair.
I've been trying to get a refund due to me for 3 weeks.
I expected so much more.
Will never give them my business or any referrals again.

Very helpful and reasonable worked hard to make sure that I had enough of the material that I needed in order to do the job.
After getting home and discovering that the material I had bought was wrong they restocked it without any hassle.
Would definitely do business again.

