We hit a little speed bump on our way to Vegas, where our rental had caught fire and we lost more than half of our things, which included my whole wallet with money, cards, etc.
I came into this branch in hopes to get a temporary card to help me during our trip, we were staying there for about 3 days.
After a disastrous trip, I explained to them what had happened, and all they could help me with is $100 dollars to last for 3 days?!
I verified everything I could possibly can, but without any type of ID they still couldn't give me anything..
I had even talk to the manager and no go.. sad to say my trip this time wasn't so much fun.. thanks wells fargo for nothing.

This may be weird writing a review for a bank that I am not a member of but I frequent this location almost regularly due to work.
Being that I am not a member, I have a few problems sometimes because you have to be a member of their bank to utilize their services but after they tell you that, they always help you.
So I just prepare to hear their little speech and know that they will still help me.
I almost want to give this location 4 stars because they always help me with whatever I need but because they give me a hassle in the beginning I can't.
I have used this location for their notary services and as long as you call ahead guarantee that you won't have a long wait and it is very fast.
(and free - if you are a member.
But I have been able to get around that on a few occasions.
)  The bank manager here is outstanding too.
He is always friendly and very helpful.

Worst Wells Fargo branch ever.
I am a very high value client and this is the LAST time I give this branch my business, even though I have to drive farther to another branch.
The manager George takes his time as he processes anything that requires "teller assistance" and refuses to deposit my checks without sending them to collections because the originate in Canada.
I've been depositing these checks at every other branch for the last three years without a hitch, but every time I go to George's branch I'm given a very hard time.

The entire staff are awesome!
I think I know almost every single persons name that work there and vice versa.
I'll admit a few years ago I had a fall out due to an issue with a manager at this location.
But I'm glad that a year after that I happen to come in for a business emergency and found out that she no longer works there...
So now I'm glad to say that I am back as a loyal, happy customer.
They recently remodeled the place- so it looks more organized and updated.
They have bilingual staff - Japanese and Spanish people that can help you out with anything :P. This location gets high traffic due to all the businesses in their close proximity.
But definitely their professionalism and friendliness overrides waiting in line for a few minutes !

Thought I would give Wells the right to earn my business back.
The account manager was very nice and helpful, I believe her name was Yang.
However I was cashing a employer check that uses Wells Fargo.
I got to the teller and of course they saw that I was no longer a customer.
She preceded to ask "why not"?
I told her after years of bad customer service I switched to Chase.
Then told her I am very happy with their customer service.
She asked did you not like ours?
I said no, you guys are horrible.
She then proceeded to tel me "well why don't you cash your check there then"?
I stopped for a sec and couldn't believe my ears at how rude she was.
She might as well drawn me a map back to Chase.
The Wells Fargo Experience just is not worth it.
Go into a Chase Bank, its a total different atmosphere.

