Your basic run of the mill Arby's nothing really stood out for me.
The service was good, the food was hot and delicious.
I wasn't disappointed, just wasn't wow'd by any aspect.
Pros: Close to my home, good service, food was hot and fresh.
can't say anything for the interior of the restaurant as I went through the drive through.
NOTE: They are giving 15% off military discount for an undetermined amount of time

I just went to Arbys and tried 3 different sandwhiches.
The mushroom swiss roastbeef was amazingly awesome, but the roastbeef chedder was disappointing.
The cheese was runny and a real let down.

I would give the food 4 stars... Their staff would get 0 stars...
So, I feel 2 stars is fair.
I love their food and was exited to learn there was one right down the street from Nellis AFB!
But, I will not be going back to this location!
My order was rang out wrong.
I was given an attitude about them forgetting my drink.
Then, my sandwich was wrong and I didn't ask them to remark it.
I simple asked for the pickles they forgot.
I was screamed at because my pickles would come out of the cashiers pay?!
Other employees stepped in and apologized but I was already mad at that point.
Went back to the table and told my husband we were leaving!
The cashier sat right outside the door and took a smoke break.
We had to basically climb over her to leave.
Then she thought it would be a good idea to call me a b**** as we got into our truck!
I'm sorry I asked for pickles I paid for & you forgot my drink...
I would have happily paid for the drink but you were busy being rude because you rang everything out separately.
Costing me more money... As far as your rude comments,  I'll be adding them to my military wife blog and telling everyone not to bother eating at this location.
Sorry Arby's, I love your food but your lack of customer service is horrible!

Go somewhere else.
Long wait at the drive thru.
After they take your order.
They make you pull up and make you wait for a long time for your order.
Like I said.
Go somewhere else.

