Near Chef Rubber they have the large-scale equipment and smaller wares you would need in order to open a food business.
They have a lot of dishes, tools, pans for a cheaper price if its what you need.

My go to place if I need something in the kitchen.
They have tons of pans, utensils, plates, and front of the house service equipment.
A lot of equipment here are professional grade meaning they use them in restaurant kitchens.
It is open to the public so anyone can come in and buy an item.
If you're looking for what the chef's use, this is the place to go.
The prices are reasonable here, compared to a lot of restaurant supply stores that overcharge for their items.
Service is friendly and knowledgeable.
Plus, if you are looking for a particular item, they will go out of their way to either order it, or find a suitable replacement.

This is one of my go to places for any kitchen or cooking supply needs.
I've bought a lot of basic things here from sauce pans to a few knives.
They carry Victorinox knives which have found their way into heavy use and I've had to buy more for family members who fell in love with them.
(They don't carry Global or especially Kyocera ceramics though which is like a deity created a knife and gave it as a gift to mankind).
But if you need pizza pans to tongs to bartending supplies they can and do have what you need.
Service is also very good here even if you don't have an account.
I keep coming back here because in terms of selection and sheer volume of inventory they are hard to beat.
They are bigger than the supply place in Henderson and even Clark County Restaurant Supply and they are very competitive on price.

These folks have a fair variety of hard-to-find Italian ingredients.
Very small store though, similar to a receptionist's office attached to a warehouse.
Nice variety of cheeses.

My wife and I stopped in here to pick up a stock pot to brine a whole leg of pork.
We ended up walking the whole store, and picking up not only a container for the brine, but a bunch of other kitchen utensils we'd been eying for a while.
Prices are insanely reasonable.
John, the account manager, is amazing; he spent about 15 minutes just talking to us about different brands of knives and their pros and cons.
He even gave us a recommendation for another store to find earthenware pots for making tepáche since they didn't carry them.
What an amazing place, we'll definitely be back.
This place puts Resco's face in the mud and a boot on the back of their head.

With my dad being a chef, we come here every once in a while to get equipment.
Sometimes we just buy stuff for the house.
The prices are decent.
There is an additional discount for being a union member.
It is nothing large, but substantial enough to cover the sales tax.
There are some great finds in here.
Not everything is going to be able to purchase for residential use.
Most of it is for commercial.

Guess what?
I like pretending to be a chef.
To fool people, you need to play the part and own super awesome kitchen gear.
Since I'm just pretending, I don't like to buy things at retail.
SRS saves the day in that regard.
Many of their items are priced below Amazon or other local retailers.
That being said, the rest are not.
It's kinda hit or miss on many of the items.
Also, I tried to buy a ton of paper goods, plastic cups, etc.
and the selection was weak.
I literally bought every 12-16oz cup they had and they were not cheap.
Overall, SRS is A-OK in my book and should be for you too, if you're looking for some sweet kitchen/serving gear.

Swung by one morning on my way to work.
Only had about 15 minutes to browse around.
Definitely not enough time to see fully what this place had.
From what I could see, they had mostly small wares, although they do have some big equipment as well.
The prices were high on some things, low on others.
They have rows and rows of small items, that I could not explore this trip, so next time I'll make sure I go when I'm not rushed.

