nice and clean.
pleasing n quiet

Had a spa pedicure, excellent!
Very relaxing,clean place reasonable price, no waiting, close to Orleans

I love this place!
I've been coming here and only here to do my nails since they opened (2005 ish??
) if you haven't been here recently they upgraded pedicure spas and also have new floor tiles..it looks amazing!
If you are looking for flowery designs ( I always get them) ask for Pam!
She's amazing and also very sweet!

4 stars for the experience  the fifth star for the EXCELLENT job they did on my two little girls nails.
their polish stayed on for a week, when at other nail spots I'd be lucky if it made it past the car ride home.
$22 for a pedi Upgrades available OPI and other quality products Clean Friendly employees

Pam did awesome work!
Very detailed and wanted it perfect for me.
Thanks, Pam!

I rated one star.
Why?
The main reason is that my friend and I went together, we both got gel manicure and regular pedicure.
She was charged $47 and I was charged $52.
I asked why and she told me it was a tax.
I don't like being unfairly charged more money like that.
Also, the salon was not very sanitary looking.

I've been going to this nail place for years and I always come back to this nail salon.
The customer service is extremely friendly.
The moment I walk in, I notice how beautiful the decor is.
The most important thing about a good nail salon is the cleanliness of the place.
The service is amazing, if there is any request that I have Amy always makes sure to see that I am satisfied!
She is so sweet, and I go to her every time.
She is so creative, and my nails always look so pretty!
I always get so many compliments every time I get my nails done from her!

This is the finest personal service salon i have ever been to, i have been a customer for bout 2 years now.
The ladies beautiful ladies and personal friends now Amy, Holly and Pam spoil me on every visit.
I go every 2 weeks for my manicure and a pedicure once a month.
They tell me I am Metrosexual!!!!!
I love this salon and evryone should experience this great personal experience that this salon.
I give it 5 stars*****

My second review in a role on nail salon because I am just so disappointed with nail salons in this city!
I don't live here but I do spend 2 out of 12 months here ...
Went there on a Tuesday at 4pm.
My manicurist could barely speak English.
I had french gel nails and pedicure.
The big toe was not done well, and the white tip on my thumb went gray the very night!
Went back for a redo the next day and thought it would last me for 2 weeks.
Nope!
A week later all white tips had gray streaks.
Very disappointed!

Came in and I asked for a pedicure, I was than told to pick a color as the girl started getting the pedicure bowl started.
Next thing you know I guess a regular client of hers came in.
The nail girl greeted her and than came to me and said sorry it'll be 20 mins.
after all.
Wtf?!
Rudeee!
I left out of principal..obviously their new customers don't mean jack to them..

I loved this place.
The staff was very friendly.
And it was very clean and inviting.
I loved the spa pedicure chairs.
Very relaxing.
Now I know where to come when I'm in Vegas and didn't have time to get my nails done before leaving home.
Keep up the good work, it's nice to be an out of towner and to be made to feel welcome.
The prices were also very reasonable.

My mom, my sister and myself have been going here for 8+ yrs, now my husband, friends and friends of friends come here.
I love this place!!!!!!

I called and was able to make an appointment just 15 minutes ahead of time which was awesome.
My mother and I both got gel manicures and wow they have a huge selection of colors for the gels which was great.
It was quick service and my manicure looked great.
I got my eyebrows waxed as well and she did a great job.
It was a very clean place as well and the staff was friendly.
I'm getting a pedicure there tomorrow and I'll update my review with photos then.
I would definitely recommend this place.
Also a bonus is that they give you a stamp card when you get a manicure or pedicure and you get $5 off after 5 stamps.

No frills, good prices.
Located nearby the strip (take Hacienda).
I absolutely loved the tediousness that was taken to perfect my pedicure.
I will be back!

they do a really good job on my nails.
plus they are close to home and work...and if anything no need for an appt...it seems i come in with almost no waiting...im a happy camper.

I desperately needed to get my nails done!
I walked in and only had to wait 10 mins.
Cholisa (I think that's her name) did a fantastic job.
A shellac manicure and a toe color change for $40.
What an affordable price and she did an amazing job.
She wasn't in a hurry and actually had a great conversation with me.
All the technicians are very kind and will basically do any nail design that you could think of!
I will definitely be coming back!

My technician was pam she did a awesome job I had a emergency &needed a miracle she did the job patient&kind..very nice establishment clean mature atmosphere would different recommend ..

The deluxe pedi was pretty fantastic!
So many scrubs and paraffin wax.
The staff was great and best of all...
It was CLEAN!
I sat at the very end and I watched all the ladies sterilize and get clean tools each time.
My friends (2 males) also got deluxe pedi, however they said it be an extra charge of $5 for buffing nails or clear coat.
I think that's completely bias.
They are paying $35 for the same deluxe pedi as me..
Yet I get polish and they don't?!
That's why i deducted 1 star.
Overall, planning to return again.

I have tried several places in town until I finally found this place, and I don't think I would be going elsewhere.
I have extremely small nails and it must be a major pain in the butt to do them all, but those girls do it just fine without complaining.
It's past their business hours (Sunday 6:05pm) but my technician is still working hard to perfect my toes.
I feel blessed to have found this place, and I recommend this place to anyone I know.
37 bucks to get an hour long pedicure accompanied with twenty min massage... and this one lasts for good four weeks.
Thank you TiNA !

Came here with 5 girlfriends while in town for my bachelorette party.
Made an appointment but still ended up having to wait quite awhile to get started.
Great service, very, VERY thorough, almost to the point where I'd say it actually took TOO long to get us all done.
The staff here is really very nice and sweet, and I admit, even though it took forever, we had a blast relaxing with the great spa chairs and the Kardashian marathon on the tv!
Would return if we had a rental car again for sure!
To repeat, deducted one star because of slow service and because for all the work, the polish didn't actually last very long!

If they ACTUALLY  went to school rather than getting their license from some backyard fake bs place they would KNOW that prosisasis is not a communicable disease and CANNOT be passed on from one person to the next.
Psoriasis is the FIRST disease you learn about in school.
Did they go?
No!
I'm a ACTUAL nail tech trying to get pampered for once rather than doing the pampering.
I ACTUALLY went to school for this stuff.
Unbelievable.
They told my wife that they wouldn't be able to do her pedicure because they don't want it getting passed to other people.

Busy salon at least when I came 5 people working each of which with a guest-- wait wasn't too bad maybe 5 minutes!!!!
Pedicure with French $27!
Will come back again.

The Deluxe Pedi was great and affordable... me and my husband had a great service here.. and  it was clean...thats a plus!

