This is my favorite place for mariscos (Mexican seafood), everything is fresh and delicious.
My favorite dishes are the camarones de ajo, which is shrimp with a garlic sauce, amazing!
They also have really fresh shrimp cocktails that you can get with shrimp or mixed with octopus.
P.S.
Just a heads up, the menu is mostly in Spanish, but they usually have someone there to translate for you.

This place is one of my favorite Mexican seafood restaurants in town.
I love shrimp ceviche and theirs comes closest to my mom's.
The tostada has a generous amount of delicious ceviche.
One is enough to fill me up and is relatively inexpensive.
I tried their chilaquiles and they were decent.
Very spicy, but they weren't too flavorful.
I wasn't too impressed with their rice and beans either.
They weren't bad, but like the chilaquiles, they lacked flavor.
I did enjoy their fish tacos though.
I guess you can play it safe by ordering their seafood.
I find it difficult to stray from my usual ceviche tostada, but I look forward to going back and trying some of their other menu items.
Definitely a place I'll visit when I crave ceviche!

Good grubbin when out on the east side.
Specializes in Mexican seafood, dank complimentary chips and salsa and fresh limes.
Most of the menu is in spanish, i learn as i go.

This is real yummy authentic Mexican seafood.
No other place in Vegas like it.
Taste is delicious!

Fresh seafood and delicious sauces.
"The best hueovos rancheros I have ever had" was how a table mate put it.
Another had so many langostinos on his plate he had to share.
The guacamole was the best as long as you can appreciate all those little green specks of jalapeno.
4 people $60

This Is a nice place to eat if your in the area we stopped in on a sunday and liked the shrimp its good mexican food :)

Love this place!
Shrimp cocktail so good.
My hubby loves the camarones bucaneros.
Great service and owners are super nice!

Fantastic food, fresh sea food one of the few local restaurants here in Vegas .
AguaChiles con callo are too die for .
Grilled Shrimp is a fantastic appetizer to begin with it's the best I had .
Reminded me the food from Mazatlan in Mexico .

This place is absolutely the best Mexican food that I have ate.
I recommend this place for sure!
Their micheladas and "Camarones Al Ajillo" and "Lasgostinos" are amazing!!

