Went to Sportco today to get started on my younger brothers letterman jacket.
The store was neat, and the entire staff was very helpful.
They have some discounts on their winter stock and most of the limited shoe selection they have.
I would definitely recommend this store for Baseball and Football players.
Over half of the store is assorted with equipment for both sports.

The worst place ever!!!
I will never go there again and I will tell everyone I know how bad this place is.
They charged our credit card twice when we ordered shirts.
When we found out later that day we called and they said "no problem we will take care of it when you pick up the shirts.
" We go today and the owner says "my paper work doesn't show we got paid!
" Even when we showed him a copy of our bank statement.
He was rude and had no customer serves.
We ended up paying twice for the shirts (because we needed them) and "THE OWNER" will now have to deal with our bank's fraud division!!!!
Everyone makes mistakes and that is ok but when you are rude and disrespectful to your customers, you might want to remember you are NOT the only company in town!!!!!
and in these hard times you would think you would want to keep every customer you can get.

My son from AZ was in LV last weekend for the 18U Desert Fall Baseball Classic.
The lace on the web of his glove broke on the first day of the tournament.
I ran it over to Mike at Sportco who made the repair in less than 90 minutes.
Lifesavers.
Thanks, guys.

Great place to pick up softball gear.
Just scooped the 2014 DC41 at 299.99.
Happy they had that bat in stock before spring season....
I will definately be back for anything else baseball related.

Went in to Sportco to order my teams basketball jerseys for our casual weekly league.
They have TONS of selections on custome jerseys.
Almost as nice as NBA quality and fully customizable, or as cheap as we went with reversible black and white mesh ones with a team name, our name & number on them, & everything in between you can think of.
My friend that came with me wrote one of our players last names wrong on the sheet, so after we recived it we notified them that the name was wrong and with no grief at all Mike said he would have it fixed, they had a new screenprinted last name on the jersey in a couple days.
Nice friendly atmosphere compared to going into somewhere like sport chalet or sports authority and being hawked by 6-7 different ppl in red employee shirts.
If I need help I can see each and every employee walking around, I can find one and ask myself, don't need anyone to hold my hand.

All during our son's Soccer (Football) playing time over the years, this shop was the friendly place he sought, they always provided good service and welcomed the local and out of town players.
Over the years we spent a good deal of time and money in this friendly shop.
They are not a cycling store, but they recently they went out of their way to assisted me in getting enough air in my last inner tube so I could finish riding home (i had used my last CO2 many miles ago on this ride).

Terrible customer service.
Misquoted me on a jersey last time for $32 I bring back the same jersey to get the exact same thing done and it jumps up to $50.
I asked why and the owner says " Oh well he got a deal last time or someone messed up!
" So who's problem is that??
They made it seem like it was my fault they misquoted the price, no compromise, no resolution.
The worse service ever I would suggest doing research on pricing before stepping foot in this place.
The valley has better and more honest business practices!!
Avoid at all costs.

