Avoid this place like you'd avoid someone who has the plague.
Sometimes I wish we could give negative stars.
I honestly do NOT know how this company has managed to stay in business 35 years with all the shady business practices they had.
I spent all day Tuesday on the phone with them (literally 3 hours of calling back and forth)...  First off, we were shown a lovely privately owned Townhouse by a broker on the weekend.
He told us all the information he knew about it, and said that Sell-Abration manages the unit, so we would have to pay $75 for an application fee.
We paid it, and got approved in 2 days.
Except, when we got approved, they approved us for a rent amount higher than what we offered.
They screamed and bitched about the broker not having the right to suggest we offer a little less (The owners wanted $1030, we offered $1000).
I asked if water, sewer, trash and HOA dues were included in the rent and was told yes.
Suddenly next time I call, there's a magickal $200 non refundable cleaning fee (they called it a "deposit" but last I checked, you get deposits back).
I ok it with my husband and call them back.
Next they claim suddenly that we have to pay trash.
When I point out that they said we didn't have to pay it, she said "Well we don't MAKE the trash, so why should WE pay for it?
"   Next call they claim that we have to pay for any plumbing repairs that happen in the place, that we have to pay for any malfunction in the appliances (even if we didn't cause it), and that we must pay for carpet cleaning once a year.
(apparently the cleaning "deposit" doesn't cover that)  So my husband gives up and says "Whatever.
We like the apartment, we'll just deal with it.
" and goes in to sign paperwork.
We're not happy with all these surprise fees and such, but we don't cause damage/destruction of property so it's ok.
He gets in there, and goes to pay the deposit, but... they don't have a lease available for us to look at.
Who takes a deposit over $1000 and refuses to give a lease?
They also then give him a piece of paper saying that if we don't enter a lease by the 19th, that our deposit is forefit.
She says she'll call the owners right away to find out if they'll accept our ferrets... but then she gets a call, gets off the phone and tells Sean "It's 4:30.
I have places to be.
Give me your money and get out so I can go to them.
"  Thankfully the next day it turns out the owners REFUSE to allow ferrets into the home, so we managed to get the deposit back and ran like hell from those rude, bitchy women.
Sucks we're out the $75 for the application fee though.
:(  ----  tl;dr version - Stay away from this company unless you enjoy a bunch of hidden fees popping up after you pay them for the application.
They don't inform the broker of any of these charges, so that you have to pay $75 for an app.
- Taking a deposit without having a lease ready to review and sign is a BIG no-no.

Just in case you missed this in the other spellings "SellAbration Realty" or "Sell-Abration Realty" I'm reposting my review here:  I'm glad I read other reviews from yelp and others about this company before I moved out of the place that we rented from these crazy people.
We lived in a house in a neighborhood that we were unfamiliar with and turned out to be a very unwelcoming neighborhood in May of 2009.
Then when there was no hot water in our upstairs bathtubs on the 1st day that we moved in, Lois, the rude agent, says "Well, you must have pulled it or something... You must have broke it.
" I told that genius that there was nothing to pull; it was a faucet that you "turned" on.
A few weeks later they had that fixed.
Then they sent us a letter about the association threatening to fine them because they said our trashcan was outside too long and sent this indistinguishable, black and white photo that looked like it was taken at night, dated on a day when our trashcan wouldn't have even been outside.
I called her and asked what that was supposed to be a picture of because that wasn't our trashcan and I'm not even sure it was our house in the photo.
Shortly after I read a review about how they charged one person double their deposit before they moved out...
I wish I'd read it sooner...
So when we got ready to move out 10 days into September 2010, my husband and I decided that since they already had a $1250 deposit, of which $200 was non-refundable cleaning fee, we told them to take the $434 out of the deposit... which should have left a good $600+ to do whatever "extra" stuff they like to find to charge you for; they already had $200 for cleaning ($816 total).
Now, let me just say that I am a bit of a germ-a-phobe, so the house was clean when we left.
We even had our son take pictures for evidence, since I'd read about their scandalous practices.
Today, I got a bill for $144 for extraneous charges...
So you wanna tell me how $816 isn't enough to put a clean house back in market condition.
It will be a cold day in the devils kitchen before I give them one penny.
Renters beware.
If you have a chance to avoid them, PLEASE!
PLEASE!
Think again.

I must say Sell-Abration Realty is as professional as they get.
I have been dealing with them for a long time, and I have found them to be very helpful and friendly.
They are straight up.
I have no problem recommending this company.

I depend on Sell-Abration Realty to manage my property.
I have found them to be very honest and easy to deal with.
From what I can see, they are fair to everyone.

DO NOT RENT FROM THEM!
Its been 2 months that Ive moved out and we still trying to get our refund check!
The people from there office are no help at all!
The only time they are nice to you is when they are taking your money!
Be carful!
Also don't be fooled by the review above!
I told them I was going to write a review so they made sure to write one also with a fake profile and giving a 5 star!
YA RIGHT!
What a joke of a management company!

