Sally's is a good place for non-professionals to get some near-professional and sometime professional grade styling, perming, coloring, and general hair care products.
Their prices are usually fair and their selection OK, only I would caution taking the advice of anyone working there.
You don't have to have a cosmetology license to do so, and if you do and you're working at Sally's, I wonder about your competency.
Although they may mean well, and sometimes they may know what they're talking about, I would defer to a professional stylist for their advice before going on a home hair mission.
I've seen more than one head ruined by bad Sally's advice.

I really love Sally's; I buy the Hairtrition line of haircare products because the moisturizing line actually WORKS!
It makes my hair super shiny and soft.
They also carry my favorite nail polish line; China Glaze.
If you sign up for a sally card they're only $4.50 or so, as opposed to nearly $6.
The savings add up if you're a nail polish junkie like I am!
This location is often clean and quiet, with decent parking.
Sometimes the lot can fill up and be a little more of a challenge to park in, but it's not the store's fault.
The employees here have been helpful and pleasant.
This is NOT a promotional store; the crackle line of polishes was never shipped here, so don't come here expecting to find a limited run unless it's on sale from another store...

I went in there to get a color stripper for my hair.
Going from black, back to blonde, and the product I tried 2 days earlier did nothing (Color Oops).
I spoke to "Jesse", the store manager and he was beyond helpful!
He looked at my hair, took a short history on what I had done to it thus far, and showed me a product that would do the trick.
He even suggested a rinse for me to use afterwards to help in the process.
He even took the booklet out of the package and walked me through the process.
I asked if I could call him if I had any problems, and he was more than happy for me to do so.
He was kind, knowledgeable and personable.
The prices for my product selection were far under what I had anticipated to spend.
JESSE was AWESOME!
I would highly recommend this store if you're like me, Hair ignorant.
LOL

I've been going to this Sally's forever, and am always satisfied.
The ladies that work in there truly know their stuff, and keep you posted on all the sales.

I'm never coming back to this location.
I would rather drive further for better customer service.
Normally the people here are ok, however yesterday's visit was horrible.
I usually go in to buy the usual stuff.
When I approached the counter ready to pay for my items, I asked the woman if they carried any eyebrow kits.
Without even bothering to look she gave me a quick "No".
When I left, I turned around to take a quick look at the racks and sure enough, the eyebrow kits were there.
I told her, "Actually, you do carry them and they're right there".
She then responded with, "Ok", not even leaving the counter area.
She treated me like a jerk.
So, be aware of the Indian woman who works there.
She's really rude.
And if you are heavily tattooed, she treats you worse.

