I give this place a really bad rap, and it's really not that bad.
See, when I go out, I like to interact with a lot of random people, and this bar just doesn't have that.
Every time I've been there, there have been at most 10 people hanging out having drinks.
I gave it another shot on a Saturday night at midnight, and there were still only 10-12 people there.
But I had some food that was pretty decent, and the bartender was pretty friendly and helpful with my drink selection.
If you don't mind an empty bar, or prefer it, you'll really like this bar.
There's plenty of comfortable couches and chairs, and all the food seems pretty decent.
Oh, and they serve the full menu until 1am, at least on the weekends.
Good late night find!

I do love my kitchy, themed, over the top bars, and boy does Roadrunner fit the bill.
From the lamps wearing chaps to the chandeliers made of beer bottles, this place is just amazing.
The indoor fire pits looked perfect for an evening of laid back drinking, although I assume they only use these during colder months.
The bar tenders were gems, and despite my being itty bitty and trying to keep up with Vegas boy's drinking style, they kept serving me and laughing along with us.
Didn't try the food, but it did look yummy.
Vegas boy did some virtual poker/blackjack and won $220...not bad for sitting around drinking.
I must have maid quite the impression, as the next night when we went bak for a pre night drink, they all smiled and remembered my name....yay for being  a "local" in just two nights.
Definitely not a "destination" spot, but for a low key night of drinking, this place is perfect!

I go here alot.
I love the bartenders **Jen and Jen** ;) They have had a turn around in employees the last few months so things are really starting to change.
If you like a bar that has regulars there all the time this is a place for you.
There are very talkative people that come in but then if you don't know anyone and you don't really like to be the one to go up and start talking then you might not like this place.
I love the service i get I wish there machines would pay better as for i do gamble a lot there and i don't get anything back most of the time.
The food is awesome.
they have a area where you don't have to go into the bar part and you can go eat with your family.
In the bar they do have a jukebox and 1 (ONE) pool table.
they have golfing on the video games and 1 (one) little video game that is not gambling on the side if you want to play that!

Why can't you give negative stars for a review?
I came here on a Monday night with my fiancee and two co-workers.
The waitress seemed nice enough, although it took forever to get our food.
But by the end of the night, and one too many beers later, our tab was suddenly over $200.
WAY over.
Are you kidding me?!?
We begrudgingly shelled out our money, and even left a sizable tip.
So imagine how thrilled I was when I woke up two days later to a text from my bank (Thank god for Chase Mobile) informing me of a $64.14 charge that overdrew my account.
Due to that charge and the overdraft, my paycheck that I had deposited the previous night did not clear.
I went directly to Roadrunner and informed them of their mistake, and the manager had the audacity to tell me "it was not their fault, and that it was the bank's fault.
"  WHAT?!?
I proceeded to call my bank who, of course, let me know that the charge was in fact from Roadrunner and that they could cancel the still pending charge at any time.
My fiancee and I made ANOTHER trip back to Roadrunner, and informed the manager of this, and he still refused, saying that they were in no way at fault.
I'm now having to file through the fraud department at my bank, and god knows when I'll get my money back, not to mention the fact that my account is now in limbo.
&%$# this place.
Great food, ok beer, horrible prices, even worse service.

Well not the first time I have been here, so I though I should finally write a review.
I guess you can say this is your typical Las Vegas Bar and Tavern.
It has a cowboy theme - nothing to orginal here.
It is a broncos bar if there are any Bronco fans left...
I don't like the oversized lounge chairs - thay are totally uncormfartable and clunky.
We sat in a booth in the bar area.
They do have a seperate dining area.
The food here is ok.  We got there during a thursday night football game so they had some game specials.
3 apps for $8.95.
Sounded good but the apps were like mini size.
Jal poppers, guacamole, mini-shrimps.
The shrimps were small - you could probably call them krill...
I understand it was cheap so I guess you get what you pay for.
To save this visit;  They had Pitchers of Kokanne Beer for $8!!!!
Love it!!
I will go to a place that serves Kokanne specifically for the Kokanee.
This is not my favorite place to grab a beer but it is okay in a pinch.

I have lived down the street from Roadrunner for about 6 years but had never ventured in until a couple of days ago after having bought a Groupon.
We didn't end up using it as we were there during happy hour and our dinner of Cowboy Poppers (Jalapenos stuffed with cheese and pulled pork), Sliders, Chicken Wings, a Bud Light, and a Sprite was well under our $30 Groupon.
The food was pretty decent.
I liked the filling in the poppers but the breading could use some work.
The sliders were cooked past the medium I had requested but still pretty good.
The chicken wings were chicken wings.
Next time I think I'll try the Southwest fried pickles and the pulled pork sandwich.
And I think I'll bring my parents so the tab exceeds the Groupon.

I have been eating and enjoying a few adult beverages at this saloon since 2001.
It had the best waitresses, and the food was amazing..... And then a corporation purchased the bar a few years ago.
The draft beers shrunk in size, as did the food portions.
The good waitresses all left, and now it is hit or miss with the new staff.
The prices have all inflated, but the taste is not near as good as it was before the corporation came in.
We used to eat there 2-3 times per week, and I woujld bring every guest from out of town there.
Now I eat there twice a year, only when forced by a friend that is visiting from out of state, and only when I can't convince them that the experience is not the same.
After expensive, smaller drinks and food, less tasty food, and less friendly waitresses, my friends agree and do not want to return either.
As a side note to RoadRunner....
Hire Roxy or Keisha back as a manager, and have them train the staff.
Get away from cheaper food (your salsa tastes like BBQ sauce with tomato sauce, and your ranch is watered down).
Go back to the way it was before the corporation took over.

I discovered this place because of a GroupOn and after reading some of the Yelp reviews was pleasantly surprised.
Service was excellent and the food was creative, tasty and reasonably priced.
The western ambiance was fun too.
I also would give it a 2 $$ rating versus a 3 $$$.
Most entrees are between $10-15.

A generous 2 Stars at that!
Just came back her with a group of friends because of its location.
This was not the first time that they were not that busy but still unable to deliver quality service.
We had almost 2 hours available to us before we needed to leave...It took the entire time.
The food was fine...typical bar items.
There were five of us all eating different things (and ordering soups or salads as well) and while no one had any major complaints about the food everyone agreed that we need to drive a little farther next time to eat something worth remembering.
It doesn't matter if you sit in the bar or in the non-smoking side, if someone is smoking the whole place smells like smoke...in this case to the point that someone else who was not with is commented on it afterwards.
You need an ulterior motive than food to come here.

I am glad I ended up here, because I was pleasantly surprised.
After a 10 day stint with family on the east coast and practically Indian food everyday...I was ready for easy all-american food.
I wanted a simple steak and salad with ranch dressing, but I didn't want to spend alot like I normally would at a steakhouse.
To top it all off, my husband wanted to watch to watch football, it was Monday night.
Further we wanted to try a new place in our neighborhood, so we ended up at Roadrunner.
We walked in, and at first, I was off put by the smokiness, but there were not that many people given that it was a large place, so at the doorway, I decided it was fine...I was tired and hungry anyway.
Once I started to look around, I was pleasantly surprised at how clean the establishment is, and the cozy outdoor space that includes a fire pit and some TVs.
While the country, southwestern?
decor is not my preference, it was still cleanly done, so I didn't seem to mind so much.
Anyway, we were greeted by a very polite yet casual hostess and she let us sit where ever we liked since there were only two dining tables occupied at the time.
I was a bit hesitant by how empty it was, doubting the food was any good, if even edible.
Going through the menu, I was surprised at the expanse of the food menu, given it was a "saloon".
They menu items were definitely were inspired by its Southwestern roots, although they had nice twists on regular "All-American bar food.
The menu had something for everyone... burritos, fish, pasta, steaks, pizzas, salads, soups, burgers, and sandwiches.
Prices hitting all sorts of I struck gold with a steak salad!
So I ordered the steak salad and my husband ordered a burger with bacon and cheese.
We also ordered a couple of drinks.
He ordered a Guinness, but I was not impressed with the limited wine selection .
I asked for a Sauv Blanc...they don't serve it.
So I asked for a Pinot Grigio, they usually have it but were all out, I went with merlot.
It was fine, probably should have not bothered since it was just labeled house wine, which tend to be pretty crappy just so they can increase their profit margins.
My salad was well done, actually taking on a Mediterranean flair with Kalamata olives, feta, red onions, and grape tomatoes,  topped  with crispy fried onions on a bed of romaine with pan seared strip?
steak.
The steak was plentiful and perfectly done, given I asked for it medium rare.
That was impressive, not to mention tasty, since most steak salads offered by restaurants seem to just use any odds and ends for steak salad.
Whether they were or not, the crinkle cut fries looked like they were bought and just cooked.
However, my husband did eat them all without complaint.
The diverse menu obviously expresses the talent and passion of the chef (staff) in the kitchen, it is a shame that the wine offering does not compliment that.
I think Roadrunner is underrating its own potential.
The Saloon names is a bit offputting, but focusing on the southwestern flair has broader appeal.
Roadrunner could expanded its target market, even showing off its menu.
It could appeal more to the nearby Summerlin neighborhood, which are searching for nice casual dining establishments.
With a little more marketing Roadrunner could get the justice it deserves, but for now it is my little secret.

Typical bar food type place that is good for large gatherings.
They are accommodating, have a fairly large place, and it has never been too busy when we went for an after work get together.
Roadrunner Saloon is nothing special, but it's not bad either.

This was the second time I have visited Road Runner, the first was about 5 years ago.
My husband and I decided to give it another chance, as it was very late and we were hungry.
The menu was pretty small and there was only one bartender late night to serve us...And I still looked past it all in order to give them a second chance.
I usually don't take too much of an acount into small menus or slow service when it's late night.
My eggs and bacon were decent, my husband's sandwich was ok, and then....later that night....kaboom food poisoning.
Can't usually blame one place, but it was the only place we had eaten together in days, and the last meal I had was a frozen meal from the microwave, I'd say there's a pretty good chance the culprit was right there at road runner.
As if I needed an excuse not to go back.
Too bad, the location was great.

When the husb ventured in after seeing the Broncos flags outside, he called me happily to tell me he had found a Broncos bar!
I'm not the biggest football fan, so when he told me this I rolled my eyes and said that's nice.
When I went to visit a week later, he took me here for lunch and to watch the tail end of the game.
The menu is typical bar food with a bbq flair.
I was pleasantly surprised though, the place was clean.
I ordered the cobb salad, it came out split which was an accident, but it was actually fine, because it was big enough that I had the extra split scooped right into a to-go container.
On game days they turn all the lounge chairs toward the projector screens and make it a comfy seating situation.
The patio looked like it would be a nice place to hang if it was warmer out too.

So below average.
Drinks were weak and menu was uninspired and the portions small.
There is nothing special about this location and the food was disappointing.
I had their Texas Dip which is your basic french dip.
Small roll that became soggy quickly even before the dip, the roll was issue.
The beef as fine but the fries were not crisp or even that hot.
The service was fine, we had a good waitress who was attentive but she could not make the experience better.
It really bothered me that while the three of us had 8 drinks and none of them had any real kick and that was for 3 long island ice teas and 5 Alabama Slammers, both should have been stronger.
Go just down the block to a Steiners for a better experience.

This place can be fun...if you make it fun.
Mediocre waitstaff, mediocre food.
I have some good memories here, but I probably wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
Again, it's not bad, but there are tons of better options!

Mediocre food, I seem to remember having *much* better food at their Centennial location (now closed).
Jalapeno poppers were really tasty.
Ordered the barbecue platter to share, chicken was overcooked sadly, but had good flavor.
Brisket was grey in color and tough.
Pulled pork was pretty good.
Waitress was attentive, food was out pretty quick, but again, the food left much to be desired.
Will not be back.

You get what you pay for.
Which is why I love the Roadrunner Saloon.
I first started coming here as a Denver Broncos fan.
Everyone knows the Broncos have the best fans, and the Roadrunner made Sundays very special.
Drink specials, kickoff shots, cheerleading, raffles for prizes, etc.
It is loud and crazy and this upcoming season should be better than ever!
Ok, back to the review...
I found a Groupon, $15 for $30.
Already that's a steal, considering most of it could be spend getting liquored up.
The fine print stated that 1 food item needed to be purchased.
Perfect, side of fries and shots all around.
Well, actually, I was more interested in trying the food.
So we spend all 30.00 on grub.
Here's the breakdown: Menu- it all looked interesting.
Keep in mind this is bar food, no matter how they try to sell it.
If you can remember that, you'll be fine.
Started off with the Jalapeño bottlecaps, fried pickles, and JD Whiskey Chili.
The jalapeños  were just spicy enough, went great with ranch.
Fried pickles were actually great, with a big beer batter and ranch.
Real good.
The chili was ok too.
Not the 5 alarm of your dreams, but better than Stagg in a can.
It was tasty.
Would I get it again?
Maybe.
I think I'm somewhat of a chili snob, but that shouldn't affect my judgement here.
Lets just say for bar chili I've had so much worse.
you might really enjoy it.
Give it a shot, they sell it by the cup, you just have to ask.
Then we tried the turkey melt and the burger with bacon.
The turkey met was wicked awesome.
Bread perfectly buttered and toasted, nice hot deli turkey with avocado and mayo.
It was great.
I ate most of it, Sarie being full after the apps.
I'd recommend the turkey melt over anything else I've had there.
Im getting hungry just thinking about it.
The burger wasn't great.
And that sucks, because why go get a beer in a place that can't make a decent burger?
What was so bad about it, you may ask?
Well, the bacon was, shall we say, less than inspired.
Thin and dry; not the best look for bacon.
The bun, however, was soaked through.
Not the best look for a bun.
The beef was cooked to a perfect medium but lacked flavor and wasn't seasoned, as far as I could tell.
The fries were limp and a little cold.
BUT for $15 dollars it was a steal.
That sandwich was great!
The staff and managers are always in a good mood and do a really good job.
So for bar food, it's great.
Just go in with accurate expectations.

The pecan pie is to die for and the waitress is amazing.
Those two things are the reason we come here!!
If you visit this road runner ask for Kendra.
Best waitress in Las Vegas.

We went here to watch the Broncos game.
It is definitely an active Broncos fan bar.
The game specials were pretty good.
It was really busy, had to sit in the back area.
The staff were friendly and the food was good for bar food.

We were treated very poorly by the server ""Lisa"" when we went  to Road Runner around 7:00 pm on Thursday Oct. 10th.
She took our order and said there was a special on the steak for $10.99 so my fiance ordered 2 of the specials and i ordered the salmon.
She then asked if we had a group-on and we said yes then she started treating us very badly and had a terrible attitude!
She never refilled our waters and I asked for 2 sides of vegetables instead of rice and my fiance asked for mushrooms instead of potatoes.
My food came out 15 mins before my fiance's food and it was covered with rice, when i politely told her for all vegetables she gave me an attitude and took the plate back to the cook.
Then my fiances plate came with potatoes which he specifically said he didn't want potatoes but he didn't complain, finally my food comes back out 15 mins after my fiances food then she just threw the bill on the table very rudely!
When we got the bill the $10.99 specials she charged us $13.99 for and added an extra fee for the vegetables that was supposed to be included in our meal!
Honestly I've never been treated so horribly at a restaurant in my entire life!
We still tipped her even with how unprofessional she acted towards us.
Oh then 4 days later looking over our bank statements Lisa charged our credit card twice!
which we can pursue legally for unauthorized credit card charges.
Horrible experience!

I had been going to the Roadrunner for the last 16 years to watch the Denver Broncos football game.
This week I showed up as usual a hour before the game in order to get a good seat.
Just before kickoff the manager, Tim, told me that I would have to give up my seat to a gambler leaving me nowhere to sit in a packed house.
I will not be returning.

I will not be coming back here again.
Horrible service...... my table was being watched by the manager and it was awkward.
I felt so freaked out I was scared to order anything because the manager and cooks were freaking me out.
They could have messed with my food.
Not vapor friendly either.
Don't eat here.

Breakfast experience -- 4/5 So, for those that don't know, this is probably one of the best breakfast specials in town.
For $1.99 you get two eggs however you want, two slices of toast (or an English muffin), two slices of bacon (or sausage) and home fries.
And it is ALL delicious.
I've ordered a couple of different combinations and I have some custom requests (eggs fried over hard, bacon extra crispy, home fries extra crispy) and it always comes out correct.
So, why 4 out of 5?
Sometimes the service can be godawful slow in the mornings... and I don't mean the chef.
When you're trying to get in and get out, that can prove to be a challenge.
Lunch experience -- 5/5 5 for $5.95 deal offers a 1/3 lb burger+fries, chicken Caesar salad, a mini pizza and two other things that I can't remember.
I got the burger and honestly, from the other reviews, I didn't really expect too much.
It's really, really tasty.
Beats going to any fast food joint, and it's a good price point.
Also, great service during lunch.
I guess people working in a bar at 8am simply don't want to be there... go figure.
-:P  I've also tried their spinach & artichoke dip here -- absolutely fabulous, and I am SO picky about my spinach & artichoke dip.
My friend raves about the macaroni and cheese but I have yet to try that one out.
-:)

All these negative reviews are shocking.
My girlfriend and I stopped in for lunch because we loved the exterior and how divey it is.
We weren't expecting the inside to look so country which is what we love!
The decor is very western and ranchy.
The food is all-American goodness.
We shared the baked spinach dip, I had the wings, and my girlfriend had the rib tips.
The rib tips were phenomenal.
Perfectly cooked to a tender medium rare and great flavor.
My wings were really delicious and the fries that were served with it were perfectly seasoned.
We really loved it and I'm bummed I haven't stopped in sooner because I live just around the corner.
Can't wait to go again!

I personally have had no bad experiences here.
Their Mac and cheese is the reason I go there and will continue to be for pretty much ever.
It's an appetizer, but there is enough there to fill you up and at $6 after tax, you can't go wrong.
I could sit here and go into detail on how cheesy and delicious it is, but it's one of those things you have to experience yourself.
They have super cheap breakfasts.
$1.99 I think?
that give you a good portion as well.
Not only that but $5 lunch specials such as hamburgers and burgers.
Their burgers are pretty good but I haven't had a sandwich yet.
All and all, I've had at least 7 items on the menu and nothing has been bad.
Their happy hour is good too.

It looked like a cool place to grab a bite, but the looks of the grunge exterior didn't compensate for the lack in quality in the meal.
For a meal that is on average $8-$11  per plate, you would expect it to be  fresh, but instead it tastes like it was frozen packaged and then baked.
For example the french fries were the kind you buy in a big buy and can oven at home... at least that's how it looked and tasted   Second, the Pulled Pork's BBQ tasted off...  the bun was cold and the coleslaw on the bun didn't make it taste any better  The bun should have been slightly toasted with butter or mayo, but instead it was cold and plain  You can go to Vons and buy a pack of pulled pork for that feeds 4 people  that tastes better then theirs...
Unfortunately I was looking forward to eating here, but was greatly disappointed by their quality of food for the price they were asking per plate.
If you catch the lunch special (ends at 3) then I suppose it would have been comparable to the quality, but other then that, I would never eat here again.
The entertainment of TVs was nice, but I rather go somewhere that has better food for that price.

Good-ish beer selection and decent food.
Can't complain.

I love love love Roadrunner Saloon!
Here's why:  1.
I love bar food, cowboy food, and Tex-Mex food.
Roadrunner Saloon carries all three of these types of food and they all taste great!
I have tried a lot of the items and my belly is always happy afterwards.
Tasty food makes me happy.
Dr. Pepper Tacos!
Yes, you heard me right!
I love Dr. Pepper just a smidgeon less than my hubby and kid, like a paper thin difference.
So when I heard about these tacos, I had to investigate.
They are super duper fantastic!
The soda makes the meat so tender and flavorful.
They are fun to eat and taste great.
I know this goes with #1, but anything regarding Dr. Pepper gets a special spot in my book.
Great service.
Every time I have been to this location, I have gotten great service.
The servers are always friendly and helpful.
I love good service because it makes your meal so much more enjoyable.
It's family friendly.
Many of my favorite bar food joints have switched to a 21 and over only, which means I rarely can go.
Sad.
Roadrunner does allow kids and families, so we can all go out to a good meal.
My daughter loves the place too because she is all about cowboy stuff already.
The drinks are stiff!
If you are interested in bar service, the drinks are tasty.
I rarely have alcoholic drinks these days, but if you want one, Roadrunner serves stiff!
The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is that I think the prices are a bit high for what you get.
It isn't crazy over priced, just a $1 or so too high on most of the food items and $2-3 to high on the drinks.
Maybe I am just cheap in my old age, but that is how I see it.
I still love this place and will continue to go, I just wish it was a bit cheaper.

I love the food here but the wait staff here is hit or miss.
The last time we went, our waitress pretty much ignored us after our food was delivered.
It took forever to get a refill or ranch for our fries.
I could understand it if there were other diners but we were the only customers in the restaurant.
She barely acknowledged us until we asked for the check.
I really like the food here but with service like that, it makes you think twice before you come back.
I hope our next experience is a better one.

Nothing special.
They have quite a few TVs that are great to watch the games.
Happy hour is 3p to 6p.
Other than that, food and drinks are pricey.
Food is okay.
They have a pool table which is also nice.
Waitress shorted me on my change from my check so she didn't get a tip.

Love the service and great food.

