The person who recommended this place either has very low culinary expectations or a perverted sense of humor.
Both the tacky, threadbare decor and low price should have tipped us off to what lay in store for us - a spread that was mediocre at best, with food that was overcooked, underseasoned (except for salt .
lots and lots of salt!
), and lukewarm.
Fatty, gristly meats, greasy chicken, canned vegetables, and wilted salad were among the better offerings, and strawberry jello was the best dessert.
We felt like we had wandered into a pot luck supper in a white-trash trailer park.
Each night has a different theme, but it seems unlikely they could pull off anything as exotic as spaghetti and meatballs or enchiladas.
At $9.99, they're charging about $6 too much.

I have this strange problem with buffets.
The utter challenge of consuming such a massive quantity of food makes me instantaneously nauseous.
With apprehension, though I've attempted them often.
Strangely enough, I have this strange problem with Las Vegas as well.
I've never been much of a gambler, and the idea of immediately and constantly overstimulating my other senses seems just too damn overwhelming.
So, combine the two and I'm pretty much destined to be disgusted.
The Firelight Buffet surprised me though.
For a few bucks I was given the opportunity to slowly peruse "cuisine" from around the world.
While  most fare was standard and lacking real challenging flavor (c'mon its buffet food), I was impressed with both the freshness and variety that was presented.
A "far east" counter featured quite tasty vegetable spring rolls while another, on the polar opposite side of a gigantic room of food, had farily decent tamales.
Each plate I consumed was like a small trip around the world, and though I had no space in my stomach available, I could've continued my varied "culinary trip" for at least another couple of countries.
I'll admit it: I was impressed with the total tonnage of food availability.
The atmosphere was quiet and serene, the service was fine, and I was even given alcohol as part of the deal.
I left full and I left happy.
Sick, but pleasantly so.
Maybe I'll start playing bacarrat or something and rethink this whole Vegas thing.
Additional Kudos and one extra star for the hand-scooped ice cream bar and the killer lazer light show complete with an animatronic coyote.

The buffet here was surprisingly good here!
Sam's town was a little far from the strip, but the buffet and laser/water show was worth it.
They served a pretty good variety of food here.
They had some italian, mexican, chinese and all the in betweens.
What was so awesome here was the variety of ice cream you could eat.
There's about 12 flavors and I had a double scoop of mint and cookies/cream.
So yummy!
I recommend this place!
Also the price was awesome...$10 for lunch!

I went to the Friday night seafood buffet and it was really, really good.
For the price $16.95 you get a lot of really good quality seafood.
Crab legs, oysters on the half shell, shrimp, scallops, crawdads, mussels, steamed clams and fish served in a lot of different ways.
I am kind of a food snob and I had heard that this place had a good seafood buffet.
I was skeptical because Sam's Town is no Wynn or Bellagio.
But I have to tell you I could have paid twice as much and been happy with it.

Okay, I went based on "$40 a Day.
" What Rachael Ray neglects to inform you is that is not 'just off the Strip' but way the freak off the Strip.
It was a $50 taxi ride for us from our hotel to Sam's Town.
So, this did not bode well for us.
We arrived for our $8 breakfast buffet, expecting that I'd see the spaghetti frittata that Rachael raved about and found...nothing.
Some biscuits and gravy, institutional scrambled eggs, an omelette station and a chub of ham being sliced.
Really not a whole lot more.
If you're staying there and want a basic breakfast, this is it.
But it's not that good and it's not that worth it.

How have I not written a review yet!?!
I come here everytime I'm in Vegas for at least one meal.
Breakfast is the fave but dinner and lunch are just as good too.
It is slightly better quality than what you would expect based on the price.
Don't expect high-end fancy strip buffet food; It's good but also remember how much you paid.
It is far from the strip and if we didn't ALWAYS drive to Vegas I wouldn't come, it wouldn't be worth the cab fare.
It is worth the drive though because it's nice to get away from the strip, the food is good & cheap and the casino is much more inexpensive to gamble in than strip casinos.

When I go to Las Vegas, I don't go to the Strip very often because my grandmother doesn't like to go there.
The first time I went to the Firelight Buffet inside Sam's Town, it was ok.
The food and service was decent enough, given the price.
That visit was worth three stars.
This past experience, however, is worth two.
There wasn't much of a selection and the meat was tough and dry.
The service was also terrible.
My grandmother asked for water three times and the waitress never brought it to her.
When I returned from the bathroom, she asked me to try to get water for her and then left to get dessert.
I was able to get the water for her, but it shouldn't take a customer three times to get the waitress/waiter to bring them something they need.
The only reason I give them two stars instead of one is because the ice cream (that you have to ask for, not the stuff you pump from the machine yourself) is good.

The mom in law and grandma like the prime rib here.
Yeah it's pretty decent but I don't know what buffet place have I really had bad prime rib at.
Other food is hit and miss here and sadly its mostly misses....just most is bland and blah so I stick to more prime rib.
I'm trying to find them a better buffet alternative that has their prime rib and better stuff for people like me who like to branch out and try things.
It's not really that close to our houses either.
Gonna get them to try downtown spots thats easier to access from their home.

Eek!
Methinks not indeed.
Is this place for you?
Here's a checklist.
If you like plates fresh out of the dishwasher that are still hot with crusted food on them, and this was with multiple plates, this is your buffet.
If you are extremely sodium deficient this is your buffet.
If you like carved meats that make you wish for a meat tenderizer to beat them with this is your buffet.
If you like semi-frozen out of the box desserts this is definitely your buffet.
Go slow on your drinks as getting a server to refill it is next to impossible.
When you walk in there are Zagat rated signs on the wall, with all due respect this place isn't worthy of being rated by Zagat.
Your best bet is to stay on Boulder Highway and find someplace else to eat.
One positive was the stir fry station manned by competent and friendly staff.
It's the only thing that warrants a star.

Not a great variety of food.
A majority of the people that dine here are the elderly.
The menu outside is just sad.
Resorting to listing sauces/gravy/rice as food items to take up space should be a sign.
The main ethnic food here is Mexican followed by Chinese.
I just stuck with the Chinese food, which isn't great at all.
The deep-fried pork pot stickers are the closest thing to authentic.
Beware, prime rib is an additional cost!
The hot meats available were baked ham and roast beef.
The roast beef wasn't too shabby and the ham was sort of acceptable.
Desserts are the generic cakes.
Lots of sugar-free options.
i decided to try the rainbow sherbet ice cream.
The lady scooped me 3 scoops of it and by the time I was back at the table, a layer of liquid has already emerged at the bottom of the bowl.
Melted ice cream is gross, but tasted ok.   Service was slow.
I had to get beverage refills constantly myself.
Good thing the machine was steps away from the table.
Restrooms are located outside of the buffet behind where the cocktails are served inside the buffet (hope that makes some sense).

Wow.
That took a while to get in.
Bring a book.
Once inside we found a fair selection of food.
We were there for the switch from breakfast to lunch so we got a good idea of the food they serve.
For breakfast do the omelette bar and French toast.
That day they had a stir fry bar for lunch which was very good.
The meats were good as well.
Also, they have hard ice cream in the dessert line (8 flavors) which the kids love.

We went here on a sunday morning ironically after seeing an advertisement for Fiesta champagne breakfast - and I was craving a mimosa.. so we went b/c this place is closer to the house for us.
with the card it came to $8.99 with the card and it was delish, most of it anyway.
Its hard to keep all that food warm and fresh.
but they did good.
Not much fresh fruit, which is what i was looking for.
only found melon and cantalope.
had that with some cottage cheese.. andyes I also had to try the meudo.. better than most mexican restaurants , believe it or not!
I'd go again... the desert spread was so good.
they had everything you coudl think of.
mini muffin is all i got - about a 6th the 4th the size of a regular muffin or about an 8th the size of those jumbo muffins - it was a bran/raisin.. so good.
and perfect amount.
They also served omlets to order - long line.
the chinese food was not good but the eggroll was good, i gotta say.
They had albondigas, menudo, all kinds of soups.
so much I could be here all day - If you go with the card, mon tues and wed. its 2 for 1 buffets.
just fyi.
I stay away b/c i dont need to eat buffets THAT often.
LOL

Eek!
Methinks not indeed.
Is this place for you?
Here's a checklist.
If you like plates fresh out of the dishwasher that are still hot with crusted food on them, and this was with multiple plates, this is your buffet.
If you are extremely sodium deficient this is your buffet.
If you like carved meats that make you wish for a meat tenderizer to beat them with this is your buffet.
If you like semi-frozen out of the box desserts this is definitely your buffet.
Go slow on your drinks as getting a server to refill it is next to impossible.
When you walk in there are Zagat rated signs on the wall, with all due respect this place isn't worthy of being rated by Zagat.
Your best bet is to stay on Boulder Highway and find someplace else to eat.
One positive was the stir fry station manned by competent and friendly staff.
It's the only thing that warrants a star.

This is the worst meal quality I have had in a long, long time.
Undercooked green beans, scalloped potatoes, and beef enchiladas.
The single high point was the free draft/wine coupon per paid customer.

We had some relatives in from the Netherlands and they ended up going here.
Good thing they are easy to please.
Meh is already how I felt about this place, but it's gone downhill even more.
Not one thing was good.
Prime rib that mom and grandma go here for wasn't as good and was well done.
I liked the bread pudding and it was because it was butterscotch-y and plentiful with the creamy sauce.... the sauce was tasteless aside from just sugar.
The pecan bars with the ends dipped in chocolate used to be fairly decent, but again this lost the flavor and just taste like sugar.
Those were the 3 things I used to eat and they didn't satisfy.
I really need to convince mom and grandpa to step out of their comfort zone and find someplace else for prime rib because this place sucks.
I prefer Main Street buffet much more at this pricepoint.

I frequent Sams Town alot.
And this time didnt disappoint either.
Went for lunch and with the card it was 7.49 for Lunch.
I was deciding between Panda Express or Buffet.
You can easily run up 7.49 at Panda so the Buffet is obviously the better deal.
We were seated towards the open garden area and the nice tapping of a woodpecker was awesome.
Fresh food and the waitress was on top of our drinks and clearing our table.
The asian station had lemon chicken which didnt look appealing but it really was.
Again my eyes were bigger than my stomach and it was all delicious.
Left feeling satisfied but not overly stuffed.
The Turkey and Roast beef was fresh and juicy.
I wouldnt go out of the way to drive here if your staying on the strip, but if your in the area definitely stop in for the buffet.
Or catch the free shuttle from harrahs or Downtown to here.

This place is great and you can't beat the price.
Sam's Town is going to be my new favorite hotel to visit when in Vegas.
Mostly because of this buffet.

Don't bother.
Mediocre at best.
To be fair, a few in my party liked it.
But in my humble opinion, they like it because they didn't pay.

If you clip out the coupon from the newspaper,(Saturday editions)  you can eat for half price with players card.
Check out what is being served on what nights and you can get steak, prime rib, shrimp, clam strips, Asian, Mexican, American and a decent desert station,  and they always have turkey or roast beef.
Anyone that complains about the quality of food for the price has to be dissatisfied about something else.
I agree that it's not a "10" but it is worth more than what you pay.
You can find something here that will satisfy the budget and your appitite.
This may not be the top of the line buffet in Las Vegas but it certainly is a bargain.
This is a locals buffet and that should tell you something.
Tuesdays, Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays are my favorite days to eat there, exspecially Saturdays when they have the Prime Rib.
Breakfast and Dinner buffets are the better bargains.

This was my first time in Vegas, and I came here FAMISHED because my friends and I'd been drinking all night.
And since college kids tend to spend more towards alcohol than food (which they pretty soon regret) we didn't attend buffets.
My relatives took me here when I was visiting and I literally visited every section of the buffet.
They have a really good variety of food, and for a buffet the food sections were never empty.
I never had to wait for a certain plate to fill up---it was AWESOME!
I especially loved their breakfast corner!!!
I dont normally go for more than "seconds" at buffets, but I shameless did this time.
The woman were was our server was SUPERBLY FRIENDLY and made our lunch even better :)

Everything seems to come from Costco in frozen aluminum trays; but it's not bad, considering.

This buffet had fairly good expectations for me.
My parents said they go here a lot.
The corned beef sliced today was pretty solid.
The Asian stir fry vegetables were decent.
Other than that, all the food was purchased from Sysco I am assuming.
Not very inspiring.
IMO, most of the food was not even seasoned... not that I like salt, but it tasted as though the cooking was for people directly here from England - BLAND.
VERY disappointed there was ZERO fresh fruit selection.
The only fruits out was a "fruit cocktail" of course it was hard work busting open the #10 cans of fruit cocktail in heavy high fructose syrup - or you can have straight from the can PRUNES.
The gelato section was small - but tasty.
I did sample all 3 of the gelato flavors today - mint chocolate chip, banana, & white chocolate.
Was the best tasting item out there.
Also for dessert, I sampled some green marshmallow cake type of dessert.
Not sure what it was.
It was edible, but nothing exciting.
Our server was a very pleasant and friendly middle aged Korean lady.
For a buffet, she provided everything I would want out of our server.
The right amount of attention was given.
If the food quality was better, I would go more often & ask to sit in her section.
The server alone bumped this up to 2 stars.
I was tempted to add a 3rd star.
I would split the 2 & give this 2 1/2 stars.
For a brunch buffet, this was a very uninspiring display.
My daughter asked if we could go to Checkers for burgers & milkshakes about 30 minutes after the buffet.
Sadly, I was tempted to as well.
The only thing stopping an unprecedented hamburger run immediately after a buffet was the fact that it was starting to rain.

Before the Sam's Town Live Wrestlemania showing, I got a taste of the Fireside Buffet.
At $10.70 with the Boyd card, the Sunday Champagne Brunch was affordable and appetizing.
At buffets, I am not big on the breakfast food.
I loaded my plate with Asian food.
Eating the Asian food, it tasted familiar.
Then it dawned on me that this Asian food is similar to Main Street Station's buffet-a sister Boyd buffet that has been honored with Best Buffet of Vegas in the past.
As a Yelper, I have observed that buffet quality changes faster than casino ownerships.
Based on today and recent visits, I give Fireside Buffet 3 stars.

The buffet was a little below average as the prime rib was a pot roast at best, my GF swears they had Tunafish in the seafood salad but still kept sucking it down.
The GF saw someone with a strawberry zinger and wasnt able to find one so I asked the pastry chef if they had such a thing and she said they may have some in the back and promptly went to get us some.
The staff was great.
Food besides the prime rib and seafood salad was top notch and worth every penny.

We ate here for the Friday night seafood buffet and the Sunday Brunch over Memorial day weekend.
Overall it was good.
They had great variety of food.
They had snow crab legs on Friday night.
They only thing I didn't care for they were not already pre-split to where you could easily get the meat out.
I felt as though I was wasting allot of meat.
We usually have scissors we take with us and I wish we hadn't of forgot them.
But again overall it was good.
We then went for Sunday champagne brunch.
They had asian items, mexian, breakfast and roast beef along with may other sides.
Just wished they would have had more fresh fruit selection.
Also considering it was champagne brunch we never once were offered any and didn't see any out for us to get.
I seen only 3 people near us get champagne and they seemed to be locals the way they were greeted by the waitress and knew to ask for it.
Oh and don't thong about going to go get your own drink from the soda foutain.
The waitress yelled at me as I picked up a glass and said that someone would be to my table to get my drink selection.
But since we had a buy one get one half off coupon for brunch and got it for $5 a person we were happy.

As far as buffets go, this is your standard fare.
Meaning, pretty much anything you could possibly want - especially for breakfast (I mean, who could argue with sausage, custom omelets, salad, fish, and nachos?
) and good - to - downright decent all the way around.
I'm not a great candidate for buffets simply because I rarely make it past one plate - but me and all my guests always leave full and happy from the Firelight.
What we like best about this particular one - besides that it is off-strip and has great parking and easy access - is the service.
Yes, real, live, actual customer service.
These people work hard and will bend over backwards to make you happy.
Your drinks will never get low, your coffee will never get cold, and your plates will never hang around long enough for your hollandaise to congeal.
They are on the ball!
When I wanted some hot mustard for my bbq pork (which was AMAZING, btw) - and they didn't have it, the chef whipped some up for me.
Now, that was awesome.
We've come back several times simply because the service is incredible.
The dessert bar is not too much to speak of, not that I've made it to dessert very often, but they do have a GREAT selection of sugar-free desserts.
Not just the cursory jello like most places, but things like pumpkin or apple pie.
Since it's off-strip, it does cater to the older crowd - which means we have yet to run into the screaming kid mess that you see so much of in buffets these days.
Nice!

You tricked me Sam's Town.
I fell for the 9.99 (with card) all you can eat Prime Rib buffet.
EWWWWWWW.
The best part about this buffet was the fountain drink.
The  Prime Rib was bland and overcooked.
The green beans were frozen, the pasta  was horrible, and the rice was too salty.
The Mexican fare was beyond crappy.
Frozen tacquitos, canned re fried beans, and greasy machaca were some of the choices available.
Having lived in Las Vegas for almost 7 years, I have been to a number of buffets.
However, none were as god-awful as this one.

No complaints about food...delish!
Ate way too much as usual.
Nice selection in the dessert bar.
The prime rib was very tender but too dry for my taste.
I needed some kind of au jus to go with that but they didn't offer it.
Oh well, price was good at $9.99 (they have a special going on).

The best buffet I've ever eaten at by a mile!
Not only was everyone friendly and helpful but the cost was under $10 a person and the food was magnificent.
Been us we ate: -prime rib -baked catfish  -fried shrimp -baked yams -garlic sticks -Asian food -rice pilaf -mashed potatoes with gravy -BBQ ribs  -sauteed mushrooms -chocolate cake -peach cobbler -pecan over cream (I'm pretty sure there was more but my food coma mind can't remember everything.
..sorry)  Of all the food, the only thing we didn't like were the ribs and messages potatoes with brown gravy.
We are trying to make the rest of our trip work so we can go back at least once more.
We didn't stay at their rv park but it looks nice and its closer to the buffet than where we chose ...so,  we may relocate.
I highly recommend this restaurant.
If I could give it a 6 out of 5, I would!
Before I forget,  it was also clean and most of the casino smoke did not make its way to or table,  which we loved.. .price includes a drink,  salad bar,  dessert...and they let me keep the bones of the ribs for my dog :-)

This place used to have awesome food.
It was a great buffet.
Then the location changed and I am guessing the cooks did too.
The food was terrible.
Buffets in Las Vegas that are good are slammed with people even the mediocre ones have lines.
This place, was dead at 7 pm on a Wednesday.
We go out to eat on Wednesdays and we sometimes go to Buffets.
When we do go to Buffets they are slammed with people and have long lines.
This place you just walk right on up, pay you money and go grab a plate.
Problem is, is that buffets rely on turn over so the food doesn't just sit under the heat lamps and get old.
This place had nothing but food under the heat lamps that looked old.
They had Prime Rib but every last piece of it was cooked well done.
The whole place was terrible food.
To many good buffets in town with a comparable price to eat here.

Low Prices - Great Food - Very nice Setting We stayed at Sam's Town for 5 nights.
During our stay we had a breakfast, a lunch, and a dinner there.
Breakfast - $5.99.
Lunch - $7.99.
Dinner - $9.99.
For the price this is a great place to eat.
I went to the prime buffet with great skepticism.
I'm very picky when it comes to prime rib.
Nine out of ten times I won't be satisfied with the prime rib I order.
Not so here.
I loved the prime rib.
Tender.
Succulent.
Tasty.
Ranked with the best I've ever had.

I'm not going to say that this is the best buffet in Vegas...
But to be honest, for $9.99 a person for dinner, it's pretty dang good.
You must have a players card to get that price (FYI, one persons card will cover up to 2 people).
There is a huge variety of dishes (American, Asian, Italian, Mexican) but I would skip the Asian cuisine (it's hard to find good Asian food in Vegas... With the exception of sushi).
I didn't try the prime rib but my dad seemed to enjoy it (though he and my mom REALLY enjoyed the collard greens).
The albondigas soup was decent but not up to Mexican standards haha.
The Mexican lasagna was delicious (it was kind of like a mix between tamales and enchiladas, good combo).
The salad bar was SMALL.
I was sad that there was no blue cheese.
The mashed potatoes were good and the Chinese chicken nuggets were basically nuggets dipped in sweet and sour sauce.
This buffet has an ice cream bar (pretty good but how can you go wrong with ice cream??
) in addition to the desserts section (good variety of cakes, pies, and cookies).
The service was good (all Vegas hotels have excellent service for the most part).
Overall if you're starving at Sam's Town and its before 9PM, this is the place to go!
(They stop serving hot food at 9:20PM, and they kick people out at 9:30PM... Of course this is only if you came in before 9PM).
Happy eating!

Fine for what you pay, a fast food joint would cost more, there is an old guy Albert that goes here every day.
The place is basically Country Kitchen buffet for the senior citizen locals.
Since most tourists would never even go to Boulder Highway.

Nice setting, clean dining area, polite staff.
We stayed in the hotel, so we had a lunch and a dinner on separate days.
Food was par, good temperature.
easy to maneuver around, large selection of American, Asian, Mexican foods.
The prime rib seemed a bit overcooked, but I think it was because I caught the piece closest to the surface.
Otherwise, great value for what you pay, can't beat ten buck buffet!

OK, so went here because it was near where we were at and Rachel Ray recommended it.
Well, it is just a normal buffet.
Nothing special at all.
Like all the buffets now in Vegas, we had 11 ppl so they jammed us with an 18% Tip (Service Charge).
Our service waitress started off real bad, was bitchy and in a very bad mood.
She tried to salvage as our stay continued, but really, good thing they hit us for the 18% up front or she would have been jammed with very little.
Food is very standard, a little bit of everything.
Mexican was just so so, Chinese same deal.
they did have what looked like a cool stir fry station, but the beef that came out of it was extremely tough.
If you have dentures or dental work, aaaah, might wanna stay away from that.
Best item as usual was at the carving station.
Prime Rib pretty solid as is the turkey & ham.
Best part was the $11.99 price tag on Saturday.
That's why it was recommended by Mrs Ray.
Anyway, if you have lost your shorts at the tables and are in the area, it is fine.
The decor was pretty good so not that bad at all.
Just don't travel there specific to following the Foodie Shows and think you are on to something.

This buffet was SO confusing.
We came here on a holiday and were not impressed.
Unlike many of the other buffets that are organized into food categories/generes, this one..isn't.
In one place there is cooked pasta...and on the other side of the buffet is the pasta sauce...in one place there is plain hamburgers and 20 feet away is the lettuce, tomatoes and fixings for the hamburgers...it's OFF.
The service was pretty much non-existent.
I don't even know who our waiter was.

We like it, we've been here many many times, I just have never checked in before this trip.
Good food, for a buffet, but this last time the food was all pretty salty, except for the salad.
The enchiladas were good, the prime rib yes, the fried chicken is pretty good too!
They have sugar free desserts which is also a great idea, and the drink service is always pretty attentive.
The room itself I think is a little better than most buffet spaces.
They used to have steak night, etc., but now it's basically all the same stuff except for seafood night on Fridays.
We usually just do dinner, but we've done breakfast before too, and there you can order your own omelet and the goodies are really yummy.
I just don't usually get up that early when we're in Vegas!
Never tried lunch.
If you have a player's club card, you get a discount, at least that's the promotion they are running currently.

I'm not a huge fan of buffet's.
Maybe it's because I'm trying to watch what I eat.
I have lost a lot of weight over the past year and, I have been avoiding buffets altogether.
It is so easy to overeat, especially when you have a plethora of fried, carb-ladened, fatty food to choose from.
Plus add a veritable myriad of dessert options.... oh boy!
you can get into a lot of trouble.
But, I found myself coming here because the person I was with really wanted to get his money's worth.
So, we hit the Firelight Buffet at Sam's Town.
We got into line, which was really short, to pay for our buffet.
We were then led to a table and our drink orders were immediately taken.
Then we made the trek around the buffet offerings.
I walked around to see what the healthier options may be.
They had everything from, Chinese to Mexican food.
But, I passed and found some broiled chicken and also took a few cuts from the carving station.
My buddy took full advantage of the buffet.
He must have gone through 4 or 5 plates and then hit the ice cream section.
Firelight has a great selection of ice cream and someone scooping it out for you.
I think that is a great touch.
So, even though, I'm not a fan of buffet's in general, firelight took care of our needs.

Not the best but certainly not the worse.
With a players card it is around $10 so it is a good value.
I never have left hungry that is for sure.
I do not recommend going to this buffet nor any other when it gets near closing because the food will be a little bit overdone or stale which happened one time here.
Get there at a good time and get fresh food is my recommendation.
Enjoy!

Horrible breakfast service.
We didn't get served any drinks until our meal ended and our waiter moved us in the middle of our meal.
The coffee tasted like instant and orange juice seemed a little sour.

Terrible service.
Food was mediocre, deserts were inedible.

Saturday night special buffet for $9.99 a person.
The ribeye steak was good and so was the baked potato bar with all the fixing, though not sure why horseradish sauce is part of the potato bar, hopefully someone likes horseradish sauce on a potato.
The Asian food section was also good, while the fried rice didn't look appetizing it was good and so was the chow mien and broccoli beef.
I didn't try the Mexican food section it looked completely unappetizing and they used ground beef for tacos?
Maybe with some steak this section would be better.
The fried chicken was also good and tasty, crispy and done just right.
While I didn't personally try the top sirloin my kids assured me they loved it, as they ate two steaks of well cooked meat.
Also, I was told the ice cream was delicious.

We have been to the Firelight buffet a few times in the past so my expectations were very low.
Our only excuse for dining that morning is we each earned a free comp as a byproduct of our regular gambling.
I started out with watered down OJ.
I initially did not see any fresh fruit so I opted for a spoonful of canned.
On my second pass I ordered a feta cheese and spinach omelet which ended up being very dry due to overcooking.
I also sampled a small slice of kielbasa and corned beef hash which were both fatty.
On my final pass I discovered some unripe honeydew melon which I topped with blueberry and strawberry yogurt.
The yogurt was the highlight of an otherwise disappointing meal.

Not sure why there are so many negative reviews.
Came here for the champagne brunch and the service was great.
The buffet is only $10 with a player's card and I think the price is appropriate.
I mean, really, anywhere you go a plate of food is going to cost you at least $10.
There is a wide variety of food: breakfast, Asian, Mexican, salad bar, and dessert.
There were a couple things I did not care for (specifically the oranges and eggs benedict), but no one is forcing you to eat something you don't like.
I would return.

It used to be much better, now it's just a mediocre buffet.
You won't stay hungry in this place it's just nothing special.
Lots of choices - Asian, Mexican, omelets, carving station and deserts.
The thing is that none of these are anything that you could remember.
The place is good for breakfast - for around 8-9 dollars it's unbeatable if you stay in Sam's Town.
And one quick tip - don't forget to get BConnected card before you go there, it will take less then 5 minutes and you will save money.

I am only reviewing for the Friday Seafood night, where they have snow crab legs.
I LOVE going to this buffet for the all you can eat crab legs and oysters.
For the price of 2 people, with your BConnected card it's roughly 50.00ish dollars, pricey, but if you'd see how much me and my husband can eat, it's actually a bargain, LOL.
All other food is average buffet food, lots of different genres; Mexican, Asian, Salads, Desserts etc.
etc.
Only reason why it's not a 5 star rating would be because the service is a little slow =/

5 Stars for Lily!
The made to order omelette chef Lily is wonderful!
Lily really made my daughter feel special on her birthday.
She gave her a gift and even came out on her break to bring her a dessert pastry with a lit candle and sang happy birthday.
She even made my son feel appreciated and part of the party.
She is an excellent chef as well.
Breakfast is high quality and dirt cheap for $5.99 with a players card.
The food is very good and fresh throughout the buffet.
The wait staff is also very attentive.
Well done staff for making our breakfasts at Sam's Town Great!

Good food for a great price.
The only thing that wasn't good was the pasta, which was mushy.

Had the breakfast buffet.
It was good.
The omelette station chef was fantastic.
Easily the highlight of the meal.
If you become a member of their gaming club, you can get discounted buffets.

People there were rude.
Not a wide verity of fruit.
Manager was undoubtably the rudest of them all .

It was ok.  Was there for Saturday night rib night.
Hubby & I had a 5.00 off coupon.
Really a good deal for the price we paid.
Join the B connected loyalty program for deals.
We would come here again.

I always come here with my family sometime during my stay in vegas.
Some days it has it's good days and some bad--what place doesn't?!
Recently had the prime rib and it was a little too salty for my taste.
But other than that everything else was great.
And thanks to my aunt basically knowing all the servers, we had great service!

