Wee little  steak house inside of Sam's town.
Don't let the exterior fool you!
Inside this little steakhouse are all the fixin's found in the big names places.
We had a private room in the back with a 4 course menu.
It was a corporate function so I am not sure of the cost of each entree.
We had 19 people and the bill was at about $1000.00 dollars.
The app course consisted of king crab legs, Cajun shrimp, deep fried onion creature, chicken wings (which was excellent).
We had a choice 2 soups or a salad.
The lobster bisque was great!
They had all the usually cuts of meat that you find in a steak house plus a massive prime rib cut.
I went with the 8oz filet mignon.
It was juicy and tender and stood well on its own without any sort of saucing.
Massive deserts ridiculously huge, there really is no need for a piece of cheesecake to be look like it was cut from a wedding cake.
All in all pretty good.
I would recommend it to others.

Good eats in a rootin' tootin' yet easy and elegant cowboy atmosphere.
I went vegetarian on this trip, which I know is like going to an Italian restaurant and ordering a burger.
My date enjoyed a fabulous rib eye and shared a couple of bites with me, so I can attest to the high yum-quotient of the cow flesh served here.
Nevertheless, as I said, I went vegetarian and ordered the onion soup, warm spinach salad and baked sweet potato.
Each one was fabulous and thoroughly satisfying.
Not as expensive as most steak houses in town (probably because it is NOT located on the Strip).
Highly recommended for carnivores and veg-heads alike!

I can't say I was thrilled with Billy Bob's Steakhouse, but its probably because i ordered the wrong dish: Coconut Chicken Tenders...definitely not a great combination.
Service was great, our waiter Toni was a total sweetheart.
Virgin strawberry margaritas are delish (a little on the tangy side, just the way I like it).
I feel like the menu was a little lacking...perhaps I'm just not cut out to be a meat and potatoes girl.

billy bobs inside sams town...bit of a hike to get there, but it was well worth the trip.
i had the porterhouse, med rare, it was juicy and flavorful, cooked a bit past med rare, but not enough for me to cause a ruckus... it was big and i finished it all.
had baked potatoe and asparagus to go with the hunk of cow.
potatoe was great and there was plenty of aspargus, cook perfectly, not too mushy or to firm...just right.
i can still smell and taste the steak as i write this.
my bro had the 12 ounce filet, it looked really good, he didnt talk much, so it appeared to make him happy.
if your lookin for something off the beaten track, check out billy bobs.
the staff was great and very attentive, and the joint was packed for a thursday nite.
will certainly go back next time im in sin city

Wow...this place was a perfect setting for my sister-in-law's Birthday dinner.
Lovely place...very much like a quiet cabin.
We had a real splurge and enjoyed oysters Rockefeller, lamb, pork chops, porterhouse steak, butternut squash soup, brownie ice cream, and a foot long eclair...yes, I said a foot long eclair.
:) Everything was delicious and large portions so we could not finish it all but we sure did try.
Service was excellent and we were treated very well.
For those interested, the fresh brewed iced tea was very good.
:)  Really a wonderful evening.

I love my steak medium-rare, seasoned and cooked by Billy Bob's!
They do meat just right!
I also enjoy the lamb.
I regularly stay at Sam's Town Hotel and Casino and make it a point to eat at Billy Bob's at least once while there.
They make great soups and I also enjoy the huge sweet potato with side fixings of brown sugar and butter.
This monster spud is the size of a hamster!
I don't need dessert when I have this side!
To be safe, make a reservation and go in hungry!

i had to dock this place one whole star because they are a vegas lifetime away from anything else I can imagine I'd be interested in, but the faux forest at Sam's Town in which Billy Bob's is located is kinda cool in a really odd sort of way (there 's a huge waterfall with a roaring bear.
totally NOT weird).
In any case, our server was great.
Exactly the type of seasoned professional I want serving me at any dining facility, and especially in vegas.
The bread basket wasn't outstanding, nor was the salad, but for what we paid, we got a LOT of food and the meat, which is really what we went for, was cooked just right.
I split the 24oz porterhouse with my fiance and added a side of asparagus but we also got a mambo  sweet potato, which was our choice over a baked or fries.
i think that cost us a whopping total of like less than $30!
serio, amazing.
and whle the porterhouse didn't blow my mind, my soon-to-be father-in-law (too many dashes..) got the ribeye and WOW.
mind blown.
seuper taaasty.
and the beers are cheap and the sc game was on nearby.
everyone won.
though that was the only time the entire trip :( good thing we ate for cheap while we could still pay for food.

Billy Bob's Steakhouse is a true hidden gem.
Their food is excellent, not to mention about half the price of what you would pay for the same thing on the strip.
The Filet was perfect, the onion soup and the lobster bisque were both excellent.
The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is casual.
And avoiding the crowds of the strip is a nice benefit too.

This was the perfect place to dine as we stayed at Sam's Town for our 1 year anniversary.
This place has a somewhat of a western lodge/cabin feel.
The service was good, our waiter checked on us often.
Prices were average.
I ordered the crab cakes, and it was okay.
My husband liked his steak, and said it was cooked perfectly.
The bread basket was probably my favorite thing.

So date night was upon us and my better half had a hankering for steak.
Courtesy of the Yelp Iphone application, good ol' Billy Bob's inside of Sam's Town popped up.
Nestled in the Sam's Town "forest" near the indoor waterfall and light show, we arrived at Billy Bobs.
The hostess politely ended her personal phone call to find out whether we preferred a booth or table then proceeded to escort us to our seats.
I couldn't tell you our server's name if that is any indication as to the level of spectacular service we received last night, but luckily the tasty eats balanced out the lack of charisma from our wait staff.
House salad with "Italian" dressing was actually quite tasty!
But for the record they may want to just refer to it as a balsamic dressing..either way it was delicious.
I ordered the breaded chicken with lemon caper sauce and what protein wouldn't be complete without a carb to accompany it?
Garlic mashed it is!
The chicken was tender and not dry at all and the lemon caper sauce added a fantastic pizazz to the dish.
Garlic mashed potatoes were nothing out of the ordinary, not over powering in the garlic department and I didn't need to add salt so that's always a plus in my book.
Partner in crime ordered a fillet and though it was a little over cooked around the edges, the "medium" cooked portion of the meat was pretty tasty.
I wouldn't say this entree was above and beyond in any way shape or form, but it was good for the price.
Since I enjoy consumer research in the eating department we decided to quality control the desert menu.
Cheese cake "dejour", which ended up being plain cheesecake with strawberry topping on it was delicious.
I'm pretty certain their "dejour" is the same every night, but I could be mistaken, haha.
In any event, if you are looking for an off-strip, casual steak house experience, I would recommend Billy Bob's inside of Sam's Town.
If you're looking for flashy bells and whistles, stellar service and taste explosions, might want to investigate other options.
This joint is great for a low-key evening with out the muss of having to get all gussied up.

Great Food

Solid.
Pros:    Good Service    Nice Ambiance    Decent Prices    Great Garlic Mashed Potatoes    Good Caesars Salad    Fresh Bread    All You Can Eat Crab Legs Specials Cons:    Just OK Felit Mignon    No Years on their Wine Selection    There are definitely better in Vegas

I went to Billy Bob's with my brother and his wife.
Everything was good.
(Bread, steak, shrimp, potato, salad, drinks, staff, waitrer, the atmosphere was casual but classy,)  They seated us quickly, attended to our needs, and took coupons that Sams Town provided.
I would recommend this place as a medium price range, enjoyable, dinning experience.

The steaks here are really good.
Not quite the quality as a lot of other steakhouses in town.
For the price it can't be beat though.
The pork chops are some of the best I have ever had.
They are properly cooked and are a very thick cut.
Plus you get two of them.
You just might have to take one home when you can't finish both.
If you only got the pork chops you might be able to eat both, but you also get a salad and one side.
The sides are very large.
Especially the baked potato.
That could be a meal in itself.
And speaking of the salad, it is very, very good.
They have a mixture of iceberg, mixed greens, onions, olives and croutons.
And the dressing is put on the side allowing you to decide how much goes on.
They also put out a nice bread basket with several types to choose from.
The service is always the best here.
They are very attentive to all the patrons needs.
When they get very busy service can be a bit slow sometimes, but they still do pretty good.
The decor has some needed work.
It looks like the design was selected in the sixties and never redesigned.
It feels like you are eating in a barn or a mine shaft depending where you sit.
A bit of a more modern take might make the ambiance more appealing.

As a solid local I must say I really like this restaurant.
The cocktails are great and the Prime Rib which I go for is some of the best in the valley!
If you have a good appetite get the bone in -- fantastic!!
Ribs too are great and their specials can not be beat!
Service can be spotty which is a downer.
Get reservations particularly if you want an early dinner.
This place is a favorite with the early dining older crowd.

I love this place!
I have been coming here for 15 years, at least.
It is consistant in the quality of prime rib and you always leave with leftovers.
The prices are affordable for a prime rib joint, and their giant chocolate eclair is a special treat!

Disgusting and overpriced.
I don't mind paying for a great steak but this was terrible so much that I had to rush home and use the restroom (Sorry to be graphic).
It gave me food poisoning.
My stomach is still in pain as I write this review!
***The server was nice though!

Holy cow!
Great steaks and a good selection of single malt scotch.
If you are not a BIG eater, don't go here.
Huge portions are served here and the service is not bad.
Since it's at Sam's Town, it's kind of out of the way.
But worth it.
Prices not bad either.

Torn... First time i came, it was great!
Second time, well, my family and i were beyond frustraded and upset.
We had made an early reservation and were seated right away.
Our orders were taken and then we waited, and waited, and waited.
Almost 30 min had gone by, and nothing!
We asked out waitress what was going on, and she blamed in on a private party of 60!
ok, well i get that, but they should have been better prepared, especially for a Sat.
night!
We waited another 10 min, and still nothing, and then we were able to talk to the manager, who i will say was the most rude and unprofessional i think i have ever come across.
She showed no remorse or care that we had been sitting there for almost an hour and received nothing on our table!
We complained and she pretty much argued with us!
The whole thing was just terrible, we will NEVER be back!

Friday night, no reservations, quoted a wait time of 20 minutes....not bad.
Until we were seated that is.
The place was next to empty, not exactly sure why we had to wait 20 minutes for a table as there were plenty empty tables that were visible.
Our waiter approached the table, engaged in a little conversation, and even complimented our children.
He was great, until the larger party sat next to us(8+ people).
Salads came out (these were probably the best part of the dinner, but you could probably get the same quality at apple-bee's)  Once our entrees came out, the kids chicken was rubber-like (not worth $15.00 a plate).
My husband and I both ordered steak (ordered medium, presented well done, no pink and completely dry) with a side of shrimp (4 overcooked pieces of shrimp for $11, YUCK!
)  Our waiter was so focused on the larger party, he only acknowledged us in passing.
This made it nearly impossible to inform him of how dissatisfied with our food we were.
When our plates were cleared, the waiter asked if I wanted a box, I said no thank you, the dinner was not good at all.
He cleared the plates and left.
Another gentleman who had taken our drink order came back to ask if I wanted a refill on soda, I said yes.
Unfortunately, he never returned with my drink.
The waiter put our bill on the table, and took it back in passing, before I was ready to acknowledge the amount of $115.
He was not interested at all in hearing what we had to say.
I wrote on the back of the order slip all of the issues we had and handed it directly to the manager that was at the door, and proceeded to stand right outside Billy Bob's to watch the mystic waterfall show.
The manager did call me the next day.
I wish I could say he handled the situation the best he could; however, that was not the case.
He said he spoke with the waiter (who stated he was unaware of any issues).
He also stated that had I informed him of the problem earlier, he could have made an effort to make an adjustment to our bill.
Needless to say, this place is a joke.
We just moved to Vegas, and are looking for a good steak joint that is NOT on the strip.
I guess we will continue our search... elsewhere!

Wife and I had a great dinner here.
She got the early bird special and I got the ribs and lobster.
The wait staff was attentive and friendly.
The food was cooked perfectly.
We both had the potato soup.
She got the sweet potato, which was fantastic.
My baked potato was a little plain.
And the bill only came to $50.
Highly recommended.

We ordered the steak and lobster special for $9.99.
Great deal, we've been here several times and paid 3 times that amount for one dinner alone so it was quite a deal.
The food was good, even though the portions were smaller because of the special.
The place wasn't too busy and our server was still forgetful and rude at times.
I don't know if we will be back any time soon.

I have been to Billy Bob's off and on for the last few years, but haven't been here in about two years..
Since I am relatively new to Yelp as I am writing this review, I'll make this review about tonight's meal.
Now, with that said, I have never had a bum meal here.
Every time I have come here it has been aces.
So, here is the experience that my family and I had during this visit:  1.
I decided to read some of the previous reviews to see if anything may have changed.
There were some unpleasant reviews and to be honest, it kind of worried me.
But, since this is my sisters favorite place, we decided to give it a try.
As I was looking at Billy Bob's homepage here on Yelp, I saw a link where I could make a reservation.
So, I decided to trust it and made the click.
About 10 - 15 minutes later there was a confirmation waiting for me in my email.
We decided to show up a little earlier than the time of our reservation.
I got to the front desk and asked if we could sit a little earlier.
"No problem... please follow me".
Now, I am a clean freak and a bit of a germaphobe.
So, I went  to wash up.
This is where I deduct a star.
The sink area was absolutely soaked and the paper towels were sitting on top.
I have changed many paper towel dispensers and it's not that hard.
So, someone must have dropped the ball here.
As I came back to the table, the complimentary bread and butter was delivered.
The motto in my family is "IF IT'S FREE, TAKE 2".
So needless to say we had 2 servings of the bread.
Now here is my tip "Don't load up on bread 'cause you'll never finish your meal.
"  6.
Our drinks were always fresh... And our waiter (Derrick)  gave us ample amount of time to look at our menus.
He was right there when we were ready.
Our meals were timed well.
We had our salad's and soup well before our meals came out.
The food came out hot and to order.
We ate as much as we could but still had to get boxes to take home.
He brought the bill after a dessert pitch.
It was an enjoyable dining experience.

smokey.
open to casino.
We came here to celebrate two birthdays.
Now I wouldn't think that sams town would have had that tropical little area with the water and light show.
and the howling wolf.
I but again, the restaurant was too smoke filled.. isn't that again Nevada (las vegas) laws or something..
So it smelled not good.
It was nice and open but that smoke was just no good.
especially for a table full of non smokers.
We decided to do the surf n turf, steak and lobster..  $10 I think it was .
The meat was so over cooked and dry, i didn't try the lobster tho.
but everyone seemed to enjoy that.
The plate of oysters was a little overpriced but still tasty none the less.
Not sure that i will be returning.
our waiter was friendly but a bit too busy to notice we had empty beverage cups..

We went for Valentines Day and shocking enough we got a same day  Reservation with opentable.
The server was Matt and he was so nice.
We had drinks and wine to start and the bread basket was warm and fresh and the butter was soft and a tiny bit salty (which is how it should be and how we like butter) we started with the fire and ice platter but we were not crazy about the cold crab legs or the grilled shrimp.
The tempura shrimp and oysters were excellent.
We ordered a 1/2 dozen more.
Theni had lobster bisque which was perfect and hubs had tomato mozzerella salad.
He said just a bit to much basil.
For dinner I had 8oz filet with bernaise sauce galic mashed potatoes and garlic asparagus.
Hubs ordered ribeye mid rare but it was over cooked so he got mid rare primerib and he loved it.
He also had garlic mash and the asparagus was big enough that we shared.
For dessert we shared the chocolate bombay.
It was rich and full of yummy chocolate mousse.
All in all it was a perfect evening.
We sat on the patio and go to semi see the light show and hear the music.

Early Bird special is very good.
Comes with two filet medallions, baked potato, vegetables soup or salad and bread for $13.99.
That's an excellent deal.
My steaks were cooked perfect.
I opted for salad.
What a great meal but it only is available from 5-6pm.
Been eating at BB for years never once had a bad meal.
Love the atmosphere.
Especially if you like old west decor.
And Mystic Falls Park just a few feet away.
Yay Sam's Town!
I'm not sure where the bad reviews are coming from.
I have eaten here since 1995.
Never been smoky or had poor service or a bad meal.
Its been in busines a long time for a reason.
I wish I lived closer.

Dinner was perfect with Medallion Filet's as the special with baked potato, broccoli and salad for $12.95.
Filet was perfectly grilled and I couldn't believe how tender it was.
YES....i will return when I'm hungry for a steak.

My husband and I usually stay at Sam's Town when we are in Vegas and we've eaten at Billy Bob's several times.
The service has always been good, and the food is good too.
Nice atmosphere for a casino, it's smaller and quiet.
They have a small bar area too.
Rustic theme inside.
And if you want to dine on a Friday or Saturday night, best to make a reservation so you don't have too long of a wait.

Was staying on the strip and was really craving steak.
Of course everything within the vicinity was like at least $50 for tiny ass lil steak not inclusive of sides.
Did some research in the tourist magazines and found this affordable steak house.
about 15-20 minutes away from the strip, but his place is amazing.
Although we paid $30's for our meal, my prime rib was huge!
Not to mention it came with a giant baked potato.
Salad was great and we definitely had leftovers.
The nice thing is this place is casual so you don't feel like your trying to be all fake and fancy like the other places on the strip.
Sam's town had evening entertainment with their lightshow, so it was definitely a good time and nice walkoff of that filling delicious meal.
I will definitely be back when I'm back in vegas again.

Talk about bait and switch.
Ads said prime rib dinner $9.99, steak and lobster dinner $11.99, steak and sea food dinner $13.99, etc.
So we show up ask for the prime rib dinner, no prime rib dinner here, it's at the buffet... Strike one.
Ok steak and lobster dinner $11.99 ...
It's not available until 8pm.
Strike two.
Ok, steak and sea food dinner $13.99 ...  We'll that's part of the early bird special..
It's 6 pm - strike three -your out!
No early bird, no late bird, no prime rib.
We end up having the queen cut prime rib and the chef's special, orange roughy.
This included a soup/salad and bread.
Overall the prime rib was ok a bit over cooked.
The roughy was good, although the orange flavor was a bit much after awhile.
Bottom line: food was ok but the price was a bit much for what we received.
Hoping for the special and getting an overprice meal doesn't give you a good taste in the overall experience.

Woot Woot!
I usually have the salmon, but this time I changed it up a bit and had the lamb... Oh man, so flippin good!
Huge, big-ol-piece-of-lamb... My dining guest had the King size prime rib!
HAHAHAH!
It was seriously the biggest piece of meat I have ever seen (my dogs has 3 meals from the lest overs) I think it was a bit over the top but fab!
I do like it here, they do a great job, the wait staff is very attentive.
It is off the strip (way off) just like I like, parking easy peesy, it is a casino..
I was over the top impressed this trip to Billy Bob's, very good food (it always is).. Great food, decent pricing.
I ordered a beer this time and seriously it was the size of a horses leg (that's a lot of beer my friends) don't know if I will go that route again, but we had fun!
Yummy, don't be fooled by the little Forrest in the middle of the casino, it has it's own little charm..

Place was pretty empty and service was pretty bad.
Even had to clear my own plates on to another table that was not clean, because I hate dishes left in front of me or off to the side when I'm done.
Busser saw me and said thank you...lol.
My filet was overdone and dry as a bone.
Glad I didn't pay for this meal since I was comped.

We went last night for Valentines day and I felt embarrassed for making the arrangements there as the experience was awful.
We booked through Open Table over a week prior and was given a confirmation, so you would think that it wouldn't take close to 15 minutes for them to find our reservation when we arrived.
We were then sat in Carlos section.
Took awhile for us to be greeted and then My mother in law ordered water with lemon, no lemons were given.
But hey no big deal!
We all ordered steaks and it comes with a starch and salad.
Felt the pricing was good for what's included compared to other steak houses.
Salads arrived, only table not given croutons, but then again, that is not anything to really complain about!
Main courses were delivered and waiter said he will stop by in just a few to make sure everything was ok. Well we didn't receive the extra side dishes we ordered, steaks were under seasoned, and over cooked.
The waiter, nor anyone else checked by or was in the vicinity to let them know.
So we just ate our mediocre food, the waiter finally came by as we were finished to ask if we wanted a box.
Also refills on drinks...
Forget about it!!
Getting a box was another 10 minute wait, and then getting the check was about another 10 minutes.
Of course the check also reflected all the food we never received.
The bill was corrected though and we then left.
Being that I have been in the service industry for many years, I can honestly say that I can tolerate a lot of errors or oversight by wait staff or kitchen as places can get busy.
Not one aspect of this dinner was acceptable and the server didn't even seem that busy with other tables.
Really sad about this as the restaurant has great potential.

This is the very first place I tried when I started eating at what I considered to be an "upscale" restaurant at the time.
I actually thought it was expensive at around $140 for 2 people.
This is also the first place that I tried escargot, so they will always have a special place in my heart.
So far I've tried the blackened ribeye (my favorite), the lamb chops, and the filet Mignon.
My wife always orders the blackened ribeye.
I think she's trying to figure out who in Vegas has the best ribeye.
So far T-Bone's Chophouse holds that title.
Guys, if you've never taken your girl out to a really nice restaurant to eat and you think Olive Garden is upscale, try this place out.
Its a guaranteed step up and will earn you a bunch of cool points.
If you eat out regularly and haven't been here yet, check it out because they have an awesome menu and its not too pricey compared to some of the nicer restaurants we've eaten at.

This place was okay, portions were big..
I had the prime rib, baked potato and lobster bisque soup.
The soup had a big chunk of lobster in it which was a pleasant surprise but the actual bisque was a little on the salty side.
Had a good taste to it, creamier bisque, was good.
The baked potato was good, who could mess that up and the prime rib was cooked good, just wasn't as tender as I'm used to.. flavor was lacking, bland.
Waiter was real flamboyant, told us he was the waiter, cashier and I think he said even did some of the cooking.. he was attentive but a smart a$$..

When at Sam's Town its hard to find a Guinness but this Steak House was always my go to as its pretty much in the middle of the casino and the bartenders are always friendly, quick, and on point.
Our last staycation there was our first time actually eating inside.
Be fore warned that you need to come hungry.
The portions are HUGE.
If you are a snacker resist the urge to eat the delicious bread and butter they put out for you (You will thank me later).
As I mentioned the Prime Rib portion was huge, of barely fit on the plate.
Its scary but we had ordered the 2nd biggest cut they had.
Flavor was top notch on it and she will be happy to order it again.
Our other dish was was their seafood pasta.
It had fresh and plentyfull seafood I could have eaten it all night.
The dish was advertised as spicy but it barely had any bite.
I would be happy to order it again asking they kick up the spicy level a bit.
Our server was top notch and always there to bring a fresh drink or offer something different to try.

A little pricey, but the food is good.
They start out with this basket of sourdough bread and a cranberry nut bread that is very good!!!!
Then I ordered the Chicken Oscar.
Unfortunately, I filled up on bread and salad and was completely full by the time the meal came.
Although I got it to go, I did take a bite while it was hot and fresh in order to tell all you fine yelpers how it was....and it was good, of course.
LOL!
The garlic mash potatoes were nice and garlicky, and the chicken was cooked perfectly with a great bern I was just too full on the yummy bread to eat any more than my taste.
Togo box!
I would definitely come back.

Dont go here!!.
This place practices sex/gender  discrimination!!
As a preface, they have no dress code posted.
They said my atire (a female) with tank top, shorts, and sandals was fine.
However, my husband, who was dressed exactly the same (tank top, shorts, sandals) was not "wearing appropriate atire" and not allowed to dine.
When we asked for the written dress code, and they said tgey had none.
I pointed out there was no dress code posted at the business or on the web, and not to mention it was over 100 degrees outside, and in the desert, the manager became rude.
Isnt this discrimination based on sex/gender?
Dibt eat at this place if you belueve in civil rights, because they don't.

