Having just moved here, I had a lot of home improvement needs, and Home Depot has been a reliable source.
Although the prices at Lowe's are sometimes better (sometimes not), I've found the employees at Home Depot to be much more helpful and knowledgeable.

It's a Home Depot, the staff is generally pretty helpful.
At times, finding someone to help you can take some time.
The last couple trips went pretty well, and the staff was very helpful and guided us in the right direction for the toilet and sink repair parts we needed.

Like some can spend hours at the mall I can spend hours at Home Depot.
Even when going in for that 1 item need I leave wanting to start new projects.
The service is a hit n miss no matter which location I frequent but oh well what ever gets the job done.

Terrible!
Font bother going to the paint dept..... After a sales associate finished with a customer we asked if we could get some paint mixed ( would have been 6 gallons ) she said she had to "finish  this" and pointed to stock work she needed to do.
I told her we would take our business elsewhere,,, she said "ok".
As we were leaving I asked a guy if a manager was around and he said he was,,  I told him the situation and he said he told her to do it.
Not, can I help you, not well let's figure something out,,,, flat out supported paying customers walking out the door....
I was so  angry I actually signed up for yelp to give this review,,,, Home Depot is terrible

I was forced to buy a new washer and dryer, and I have to tell you I was really happy with the way Rose at this Home Depot made us feel and how quick and easy she made the purchase, as well as the price.
I highly recommend that you ask for Rose Cook at this Home Depot for any appliance needs.

I come here basically more for the lower prices (than Lowe's) or if Lowe's doesn't carry the brand I'm looking for.
Service is hit and miss here, but mostly miss.
There will be a once in a while employee who won't make me feel like I'm bothering them for help.
Looks like all the other Home Depots, very much a warehouse-feel.
I know I'm not at a Pier-One shopping for martini glasses, so I guess this is good time to feel more manly and rugged which I should probably be doing more often.

One of the best Home Depots.
People are very helpful&friendly(except one person) I learned more from them than any other Home Depot I have been so far.
The people at the Pro desk are truly pros.
They made me very comfortable.

I love, love, love this !
Since I moved into my house I have used this store more than Macy's.
WHAT?
I know.
My first experience was with the paint department.
These people bend over backward for you.
They understand their job, they love their job and they make you love coming in so you can get their amazing help!
What bad can you say about Home Depot?
I'm a chick and I love it, I cannot even imagine how men feel.
It must be the equivalent of a woman shopping for shoes.
You can never have enough tools!
Any home improvement project you can imagine, you can create with the help of HD.
I also bought a grill here, patio furniture, brooms, cleaning supplies, garbage bags, everything!
If they sold Diet Coke by the 24 pack, I'd buy it here too!
I'm also a card holder and the deals are amazing!
No interest for 6 months on purchases over a certain amount.
You can't beat that!
The best thing, though, is the people.
I have never seen attitude from a single person here.
All I get is help, help, help!
I love this store!

I like this store.
Wide range of indoor and outdoor plants and the staff is always available to assist you.

It's Home Depot, it's a big box store, tools, lumber, you get it.
Store is pretty clean, staff pretty helpful, not the best not the worst.. Where else are you going to go?
Lowes, same same...

I just want to say how amazing the staff is here.
I was looking for a Makita 6 piece combo kit for my husband as a valentines day gift and needed it special ordered because it wasn't in stock.
Brittany the Makita Rep was there and not only ordered it for me but also expedited it so I would get it in time for valentines day.
The sales associate (who's name is also Brittany) called me and made sure I knew everything was there.
I highly recommend this store, to me customer service is everything and they definitely exceeded my expectations!!

Ordered a new refrigerator.
Had to wait 5 days to get it delivered to our house from the warehouse.
It was delivered promptly and when we expected it.
The two delivery specialists were incredible skilled.
They hooked us up and hauled off the old fridge with out even touching a molding anywhere on the house.
Very professional.
Thanks a lot Home Depot!

