I only come here for the convienience because it's a faster drive than going to Smiths on Sunset.
Outside of that the parking situation is really hit or miss, and parking is quite awkward.
On top of the awkward parking it doesn't get any easier as you get hassled by 2 to 3 hobos outside of the building asking for bus money.
I had one guy tell me he fucked up his life gambling and need money for a sub.
I think what he meant was he needed money for subpar quality meth.
I am horrible with interpretations though.
Albertsons gambled on hoping that area would be more affluent and it was quite the swing and miss.
You would think they would have cops to get rid of those pan-handlers.
Coming here on weeknights is way worse.
Less cars, more hobo.
The hobo to no hobo ratio is quite high, even if I were to give change...it will create a domino effect.
Actually now that I think about it, I'm sure these guys aren't even homeless and want some extra change because it's a passtime.
Whatever, just like this Albertsons, this review is sub-par.
#nochangeforyou #saynotohobo

I buy my smokes at the little smoke shop next door, so if I need something small, I'll sometimes run in before heading home.
Their selection is pathetic.
The few times I did shop there right after moving to the neighborhood, I'd have to make a second stop somewhere else, because this store does not carry easily half of the staples in my kitchen.
Their meat and produce sections are worse than AWFUL.
I wouldn't take most of their selections if they were free, and to make it worse, their prices on their crappy produce is in line with Whole Foods.
If I'm grabbing sodas for a party, or a bag of ice, I'll accept their high prices for the convenience of it being around the corner from my house, or because I'm already in the parking lot, but I'll never do an actual grocery shopping trip here again.
Do yourself a favor.
Make the drive to Flamingo and Sandhill.
The Smiths there has a much better selection, better produce, better meat selection, better bakery, better prices, and friendlier staff.

Very convenient and close to home.
Only place we get our son's Almond Milk he's been drink for a couple years!
They offer good deals on produce and meats!
And our pharmacy is conveniently there.
A couple things I don't like about this location --- LOTS of panhandlers (makes it difficult to be by myself) and we've had a couple incidents on having to return the meat because it was spoiled ..
But they gave us a full refund with no questions asked, apologized for the inconvenience.
Staff are always so friendly and helpful.

I love albertsons!
Specially this one because it's literally 2 minutes away from me.
even tho it's a little ghetto and you get harass by panhandlers.
you don't need a albertson card.
Everyone gets the discount now.
We always buy our proteins here instead of wallly world.
I love interacting with my butcher and knowing it's fresh meat & seafood.
staff can be weird sometimes but never rude.
they also have in store security because it's in the hood lol.
try out their bone in ribeyes, salmon filets and scallops!

Its a great convenience stop since I commute by that store.
Always clean and organized.
I usually prefer early AM to shop before it gets busy.
Customer service is always friendly and courteous; the majority of these workers I have seen been working at this store for a very long time and they know what true customer service.

It's unfortunate that this store is closer than any other to where I live.
Between people asking for change at each entrance and the inconsiderate  people that feel the need to put there hands in the hot food section and treat it like their own buffet, this place is sickening.
They gave up on both the rewards card and self check out.
Now there are three or four checkouts open at a time causing longer wait times.
I will ask my neighbor for something before going back here.
I don't mind driving further for quality product and a better shopping experience at a competitors store.

