First, I waited over 1 hour for them to deliver the pizza but tipped them anyway since it was a hot day.
Then, as I bit into the pepperoncini that was included, I found (to my horror) what looked like a dead caterpillar or maggot inside!
(and yes, I took a lot of pictures for anyone who would like to identify what type of bug it truly is) I quickly called them to tell them to get rid of the whole batch so other customers wouldn't experience the same problem.
They apologized and offered me a free pizza, but I highly doubt I would ever return to even consider their offer.

We ordered pizza today for lunch in our dental office.
The doctor was eating and a piece of glass was in the pizza.
They offered to return the money never did.
I don't recommend going to this store.

YIKES!
I just read the other reviews for this place and they sound terrifying!!!!
I fortunatly have not had those issues.
The pizza it okay.
It's nothing spectacular and I would say it's a step above frozen pizza.
Since I'm a student at CSN, I get 50% off.
I've been here twice and done take out both times and I haven't had any issues.

Ok, I don't know about these claims, but we actually have ordered from this location for almost 9 years now and have NEVER had any issue.
Maybe 2-3 times the pizza has been "off" from normal as far as being undercooked, dough a little flat, etc...but never have we had any bugs, glass, etc...  Actually can't really say anyone ever copped a bad attitude, which is not an easy task for a pizza joint with cheap, turnover labor.
I always pickup, thus see the inside of the kitchen and have never seen anything alarming.
I have been in many a pizza kitchen in my life being in a small town and having family own and operate pizza kitchens.
We have the online membership and I think it equates to every 25 points you get a free pizza.
Well, we have probably earned 7-8 free pizza.
I believe a point is earned for each large pizza ordered.
We order there A LOT.
Probably at least once a month, sometimes more.
My only complaint used to be the pick up closing at 9 pm, but I think that is 10:30 now.
While I wish we had a local pizza, this has been the most consistent pizza place we have been able to find for take out at a reasonable price.
And I love the bread stick crust and the garlic dipping sauce, but I encourage people to change it up and get the cheese dipping sauce.
I have dozens of the little sauces in the fridge at all times.

Today was my breaking point in the terrible service at this location.
I ordered a small pizza at approximately 1:10pm.
By 2:30 I had still not seen or heard from them.
I called the location to see what the hold up was.
I provided my address (which is 3 miles away) and was told there was never and order placed.
I was then told estimated delivery time was 1.5 hours "because of the rain.
" I could walk there and back in that amount of time.
I then checked my bank account, (notification from my android) and found that my charge had been reversed.
So they were to lazy to drive 3 miles on a Sunday.
By the way: there was no rain at the quoted time.
There were clouds to the north west, bit roughly 30 miles out.

Where do I begin .
I ordered a pizza and breadsticks and the man on the phone said it would be delivered around 30-45 minutes later .
So after an hour I called to see if maybe the delivery guy got lost or couldn't find my home and the same guy answered the phone and had no idea what I was talking about he then said "oh uhh yea we uh just got the pizza so he'll leave now and be there soon " I had no idea what he meant by that but I took it as he hadn't even left yet    After another 40 minutes I called again and the same guy answered and said "he left like 45 minutes ago he'll be there soon" and then said "I told you it would be an hour and 45 minutes wait"  .
umm no he did not or I would have just gone to pick it up myself  .
When the delivery guy finally arrived it had been two hours since I had placed the order and the Pizza and breadsticks were cold and the pizza and breadsticks both tasted terrible not at all how they usually taste  .
bland and just very bad in general (everyone agreed)   and on top of everything else the delivery guy was extremely rude .
I always order through papa johns and I have for years but this was the 1st and the last time I will ever order from that location

Pizza was crushed and all the cheese and toppings stuck to the box.
The driver didn't care.
The store didn't care.
Even wrote corporate and got no response.
Get your pizza some place else as they don't care about your business.

Today I ordered from them for the first time to carry out a large bbq chicken pizza.
Wen I got home I noticed that it had onions.
Wen I called them to ask to exchange it I was denied.
So much for customer service.
I May have lost 12 $ for the purchase but they lost a customer for ever.
Thank you tim for providing a horrible experience.
I can see why everyone else gives them a bad review.

My pizza was almost 2 hours late.
I called their toll free number to complain and was told a regional manager would call me in 48 hours.
No one ever did.
Also, when I ordered, I gave them my credit card info and even included a tip.
They said they wouldn't charge me for the pizza but did anyway.
The pizza itself was very good.
Got the new Chicken Chipotle.
However, it's completely unacceptable to be almost 2 hours late with the pizza and then be charged for it when told you wouldn't be.
And their wings are not good at all.

