Service: A, quick and correct  Food: B+ , my Sonic burger was so-so but my fries were great!
Beverages: C, 3/4 ice- W T F !
!,,,  HELLOOO- Vegas + Summer = 200deg temp!
Desserts: A, my Oreo shake was just right, not too sweet or overwhelming,  just a perfect blend of Orea and milk shake.
Overall: hhmmm,,,,, 3.5

Cant go wrong with Sonic.
Love a Cherry Limeade during Happyhour when its hot as Hell outside.
Friendly employees and service with a smile.
Keeping this review short and sweet.

Waited 20 minutes for fast food.
I could understand if your busy but I was the only damn car in the parking lot!
So needless to say after 20 minutes we left without food!

Always amazing service.
Always.
ALWAYS!!!!
The carhops are always so remarkably happy that it makes you happy yourself!
I always get the same thing every time I come, and every time they hand my Ocean water to me, they do it with a genuine smile that makes your day amazing.
I'm not from the 50's/60's but the atmosphere and great service takes you back, back to when people were cheerful and happy.

I used to come to this Sonic quite a bit, but they seemed to get slower each visit.
I hadn't been to this location for quite a while; not since my last drive-thru nightmare here (look under the tips).
I was in the area tonight and craving a pineapple malt, so I thought I'd give them another shot...
Waited  in the drive-thru line 10 minutes without moving, and fled  - If you want Sonic in this area, save yourself time and drive to the one on Pecos and Flamingo...
I guarantee the drive will still be shorter than the wait here.
I give it two stars, only because the food and malts are excellent here, once you finally get them; and the staff is usually pretty pleasant.

Usually the food is fantastic and the service is great.
The blonde manager always seems to run the restaurant the best.

Big fan of the watermelon Ice cream slush.
nothing more comforting than a chili cheese footlong coney even if you have to pay for it later.
They have good chicken sandwiches and I love the sonic tv commercials lol.
Yay for sonic !

