Ridiculously bad "doctors.
"  The internet helped me with my foot problem, but the "doctor" didn't seem to want to really help me at all with my real problem (my foot), he really wanted me to say that I was depressed or anxious so that he could give me some meds!
"So...are you depressed?
" "No.
"  "Are you sure???

I usually see The PA Linda Rosenberg.
She is great.
She listened and helped me with my back problem.
My parents have both had good experience with Dr. Wickler

I've been seeing Linda the PA for many years now.
She is super attentive, gives good advice and never rushes me through an exam.
I have recommended 3 friends to this doctor's office and they all have become lasting patients.
I'm personally a cash pay patient also and the prices aren't totally unreasonable.
I've also never had a billing issue and am always given an appointment in a reasonable amount of time...OH!
And if they need to call you back for any reason, they always do...you never have to track a nurse or a doctor down.
Hard to find good anything in Vegas, but I think this doctor's office is way above Vegas standards.

The only reason I'm giving a single star is that it's not possible to give negative points.
I don't know whether it's the medical staff or office staff, but someone is clearly not minding the store.
My wife ran out of a prescription and made calls starting just after their opening time today, 08/06/2012.
She was told several times that someone would call her back or fax the necessary prescription...nothing!!!
In my humble opinion you would be better off going to a quick care or a witch dr., at least they will probably return a call or smoke signal!

Quick and easy for the laser hair treatment.
The office was big.. Quiet.. Had TVs and magazine to keep the ones waiting.. Happily waiting.
We did have a 630p appointment.

Been coming here since I was a kid.
Doctors are great!
Linda Rosenburg is a great PA.

The front office supervisor is incredibly rude.
Sad that my mom went to this office for years and this is how I am treated.
Not only did my mom never get an accurate diagnosis when the entire world knew she had dementia, but now I am dealing with someone raising my own blood pressure.
Ridiculous.

My husband & I had our 1st visit with Dr. Erik Wikler this week after our insurance changed.
As an R.N.
of 45 years, I was very impressed with Dr. Wikler, as well as the entire staff.
It was a very thorough initial exam & we never felt rushed.
Follow up exam, referrals, labs & xray all ordered in a timely manner.
We look forward to a long association with the Wikler practice.

I was a big fan until their profits outweighed their ethical obligations.
I had put off my annual blood work because I knew I was going from cash to a private insurance plan and had let the Linda Rosenthol know this.
When they found out last week that it was a state insurance plan Linda refused to even write a 30 day prescription to allow me some time to find another doctor; saying that I hadn't been in compliance with my blood work.
The office manager was equally rude and dismissive and told me to go to UMC (because I have time to sit in an ER room, work full time and go to school?).
I would have loved to come back to Linda and the Wiklers' after my insurance transitioned again but not after this.

This is the worst doctor I have ever been to.
Dr. Linda was absolutely terrible.
I just moved here so had to change doctors.
I have IBS, and came in, previously I've had a billion tests.
She just tried to convince me I was pregnant the whole time.
For one I am celibate, but she refused to listen to me, and forced me to take a pregnancy test, which was demeaning.
She didn't listen to me that I already had certain tests done, and was going to put me through what I had already been through AGAIN.
Besides that, it is impossible to get appointments here, unless you want to see her....And she has no people skills.
I left this office very upset,

