I have lived in this complex for going on 6 years and with in that time it has gone through several management companies.
However, this new company that has been on the property for just a few months, is doing a great job.
I have noticed some very nice changes around the complex that makes me feel safer and happy to call Sterling Court Apartments not just a place to live, but a place  I call home.
I have met the new management team Mrs.
Ally and Mrs. Brenda and they are very very nice and friendly.
Maintenance request are taken care of in a timely manner and the jobs are done right the first time.
Keep up the good work and look forward to many more years here.

I have lived in this complex since 1998 and have been through a number of management companies.
Current Management has been underwhelming to say the least.
They have changed the front gate entrance from card keys to a numerical code and everyone has the exact same code, not very secure.
They have made the process of picking up a package from the office more difficult than it needs to be and I have been waiting for maintenance to come fix the toilet in my bathroom which is unusable for almost four hours.
Not holding out much hope that they will show up today.

Absolutely the worst!
I have lived here for about 3 years and things have been fine.
Within the past 4-6 months the owners have changed and service/experience is dismal!
When I've had to go to the office to speak with them they continually close early (45 minutes to an hour) and play coy as if the door was locked by some ultimate force outside their understanding.
We lose water service on average once a month-often times with no warning.
When calling the emergency service number they are certain to know nothing of it in addition their prime directive is not bothering the property manager with such trivial matters.
I have been waiting over a month for a service request.
When they finally did come to repair the issue, they replaced the appliance with a broken one and I am not waiting for them again to rectify their sub-par work.
There have been a number of break-ins, my parents vehicle being one of them.
There is no security, gate is constantly broken, pool may as well not exist as it is always "locked for service".
Parking is a nightmare as we only have one assigned spot.
There is, however someone always parked in our spot.
When I've told the office they tell me that I can put a sticker on the vehicle if I wish...they won't do anything.
The place is disgusting, run-down, infested by cockroaches, and run by the most incompetent and unsympathetic individuals.
I cannot get out of this lease fast enough.
Stay away-you've been warned.

