Not all vets are created equal.
When my first dog chose me over ten years ago, this is where we took him for his very first vet visit.
Since then, I haven't been able to find another vet that even comes close in terms of ability and service.
Not for lack of trying.
In those 10 years, I've moved around quite a bit, yet I always found myself back here...even when I lived in another state!
I can't even recall how many different vets we've visited, but I estimate at least 7 or 8.
Why did I change vets if I'm so high on Pecos Russell?
Convenience, because, well, living in another state really puts a damper on things.
Regardless, I've made and will continue to make the drive without complaint because I know my dogs are in good hands.
In fact, the reason I'm writing this review is because I took my oldest dog just recently.
The symptoms he displayed occur periodically and was diagnosed by an out-of-state vet a few years ago as some genetic defect.
After $800+ in lab work and x-rays, I learned...nothing.
They couldn't figure it out.
However, last year Dr. Paetz did a quick exam and said it was (drum roll please!
): allergies.
So every year I pick up some doggy benadryl and voila!
my pup is good to go.
I could have got bent over by Dr. Paetz and her team, but that's not how they roll here.
Just remember, not all vets are created equal.

I can only write this review based off a one time experience that was an emergency.
Back in December, my Irish Wolf Hound decided she would climb on a 4 ft counter and eat 2 pounds of chocolate.
We didn't find out about this until about 10 hours later when she was struggling to breath and could barely move.
I actually pulled out Yelp in order to find an Emergency Pet Hospital and this was highly recommended.
I called at about 7pm at night and they told me to come right over after I explained what had happened.
They took my dog from me and put her on a doggie stretcher.
I sat alone for a while until the primary vet came back in.
She basically put it outright, without her doing a long list of things that added up to $2000 that my Dog wouldn't make it through the night.
I about had a heart attack and said I could not afford that, so she said she would be back and see what she could "knock off".
Next, her assistant came in and had basic things they could do for about $900.
We had just made some big financial moves and even that I could not afford.
The assistant was the most helpful as she said they could give her some charcoal, water, and some other things for about $300 dollars and that it would probably work.
I agreed to that and they did the minimal things for $300.
Well, the dog lived and made it through the night without much of a problem and recovered fine.
I find it awful that I was quoted $2000 and told my dog probably would not make it unless I went all out.
I would not call that very professional if the bare minimum was all that was truly needed.
I give it two stars based off friendly reception and a very friendly assistant vet tech.

Just great!
I have boarded my 3 dogs and cat here and they come home so happy and healthy it's like home away from home for them.
I am able to relax when my husband and I travel for work and can't take our fur-babies.
The staff is helpful and friendly and always ready to give me an update while we are away.

The vets are great but, Lauren at the front desk needs another job...she's a b----!
Brought my dog in and vet was delightful but, forgot my Care Credit card!
You'd a though I was some dead beat that came off the street.
She embarrassed me in front of others in the waiting room by saying The we're to take my dog in the back as I didn't have funds to pay...which I did but wanted to use the credit as I don't get paid until next week!
I will never go back after how rude, inconsiderate and unwilling to take my debit and then let me call her when I got home with the credit card.
She wanted me to leave my pet go home and return....as a two time cancer survivor I am very tired by 3 pm....I just paid and will never return.
I was treated rudely, and never would leave my baby with the Nazi Lauren.
Good job Lauren you lost a client for the firm and I will tell everyone NOT to go there because of you!
Didn't your parents teach you manners?

