The first place I went to out here in Vegas (I'm from California) that did an awesome job on my acrylics and my toes.
I had the guy (don't remember his name but he's the only guy in there)..
I strongly recommend this nail salon :)

Came here with my mom for some pampering for her birthday.
Linda did my nails, she is awesome!
Place is super clean, a lot of colors to choose from, and reasonably priced.
Best of all they have complimentary wine!
I feel like I'm in LA again!
They also have waxing and eyelash extensions.
They supposedly use Nova Lash, so I'll definitely be back to check that out.
Overall, great experience!

i have been going to secret nails since april 2011 and it is now july, at first i was really impressed with lashes, acrylic, etc but the more i go the worst the service is.
the last time i went one of the employees got into an argument with me because god forbid i ask any questions, they never bother remembering anything about me and overcharged me for a maniicure-pedicure.
i won't be going back which is unfortunate because if they stayed consistent i would go back and linda(who i think is the owner) is pretty nice.

What a great girl time.
My daughter and I went in for mani-pedi's.
I love how they offer their services on a menu like a sushi restaurant.
My feet are so soft.
I got the CND shellac French Manicure.
Kelly was so nice and answered all of my questions.
Great job!
P.S.
When we left my daughter realized her toe was smudged so we went back and they fixed it with a smile:).
I will definitely be back!

At Secret Nails, you get consistent results, good prices, and a wide color (including glitter!!
) selection.
My go-to nail place in the neighborhood.
:]  x

Clean and friendly ( but not overly friendly in a bad way).
I'm visiting from out of town and stopped at 2 other places first and walked out because they weren't clean.. Did a great job!

I really feel comfortable and pampered here.
I've never enjoyed mani's and pedi's before because no one really explained what I was supposed to do.
Linda, who first helped me, was very patient and explained everything.
Only lost one star because sometimes they take too many walk-ins.

I've been coming to this place for awhile now.
It's close to where I live so it's nice.
When I first started coming here I thought they did an awesome job.
After the last time never again will I give them my business.
I came in and there was 3 people working and only 1 other client.
It took 30 mins for them to even start working on me.
After telling the lady what I wanted over and over again I still don't think she got it.
She kept getting up to talk to other employees and start cleaning then come back to me and look at my nails again and then get back up.
After awhile she finally sat down and asked what I wanted again then when I told her she seemed to get angry and tell the other lady working there that she doesn't want to do it so somebody else has to.
All I wanted was black tips which I didn't think was much to ask for.
After all the awkward tension and the 2 hours of mostly sitting there waiting I will definitely not be coming back.

I love the 1 shop stop situation they got going on here!!!
I can get my mani/pedi, waxing, and lashes all done!!
It's clean...which is a huge thing for me!
Friendly service which makes me feel comfortable and at home!
Thanks guys!
Will always come back for more!

Hated it!
My daughter and I went here for her birthday because she recommended that they have great service.
I don't know what happened but since I was visiting from Chicago, I was thinking that they were going to be even better than the nail salon I frequent back home.
We had mani/pedi`s and I proceeded to get my gel fill since it was time to do so.
Don't know whether the products he used were inferior or what but when I returned to Chicago and my nail guy proceeded to fill my nails,  there were literally serious lift circles in the middle of my nails.
Never experienced that ever over the past 25 years of getting my nails done.
I kept telling him that I did not want the gel too thick as I only have the gel on my natural nails w/o tips.
The nails came out so thick and unnatural looking.
By the time he finished my nails I was just ready to pay and get on with my day.
The pedicure was okay but cutting the cuticle around my toenails was a no no as he drew blood on one toe and caused my toes to be very sore.
My nail guy in Chicago explained that there is a certain way to cut underneath the cuticle but you must know exactly what you are doing.
Others seem to be satisfied but when I visit again, I will stay far away from this  place.

I love this place!
I had not had my nails done professionally in years and Secret Nails made me an addict!
I get my nails done by Jason but the whole staff is friendly and accommodating.
Not only are they polite and talented..
I also love that they're open until 7pm so it makes it much easier for me to pop in after work.
Try their milk and honey pedicure!!
It's wonderful and the leg massages are heaven!
I honestly don't think I could go anywhere else to have my nails done.

I really liked this place the first time I came here, but this past visit made me terrified to come back.
I told my nail technician before we even started that my nails were a bit sensitive, and if she could please go as easy as she could.
As she went to take the gel topcoat off, the sander clipped the top of my nail and sanded my finger.
She apologized and said that someone had left it on a different setting.
Wouldn't you check first before using a machine like that??
As the manicure went on and throughout, she had me pulling my hands away in slight pain.
I guess I should have spoken up more, but I really just wanted to get it over with.
She finally finishes, and starts doing the hand and arm massage.
Then suddenly she grabs my upper arms.
WHAT?!
Stunned, I paid and got the Hell out of there.
Today (one day after my manicure) the gel polish on my thumb has already lifted and peeled off.
Some of the other nails are following suit.
I've also noticed bruises on my arm from where she grabbed me!
I will never return there.
Ever.

Happened to stumble upon this little gem on my way to trader joes.
Was pretty skeptical about trying somewhere new.
But have to say Jason is the best!
It's clean, friendly staff, and he takes time to make sure they look great.

