I hate going to see mechanics.
Almost as much as I hate going to the dentist.
Most times they try to push their stupid car lingo on me and make me feel as if my relatively new car is a piece of junk on the brink of falling apart that can be saved only by "investing" several thousands of dollars on repairs.
So imagine my surprise when I went into Pep Boys to get an oil change, and all I got was...  ...an oil change.
That's all.
They didn't even tell me what other things needed to be "fixed" or "replaced.
"   Minus one star for taking longer than they told me - one hour, 30 minutes for the mechanics to finish up on other cars, and another 30 for the actual oil change.
I waited in the lounge for about an hour and a half, but it was OK, because I was pretty occupied spilling to my girlfriends about coming home from a bad blind date I had two nights before.

Don't waste your time.
I'm standing in line being ignored , phones are getting answered before I'm even told some one would be with me.
This continued for 15 min.
I needed a simple coolant check and oil change.
It was going to take them 2 days and they couldn't guarantee it would be ready by then.
The mechanic was behind and they had the next day booked with appointments was the excuse.
There is a jiffy lube three blocks further up subset.
Go there instead

DO NOT GO HERE!!
I cannot stress this enough...do not go here.
I own a Toyota that I took into this shop awhile back to have the brakes looked at.
I did not have an appointment so I arrived early at 8:30AM.
It was made very clear that I needed the car back by 12:30pm at the VERY latest, and if this was not possible I would be happy to take bring it in later in the week.
Alex assured me the car would be done by 12:30pm several times before I left my keys with him.
At 12:30pm I called to make sure the car was ready before I arranged for a ride to go back to the shop, at this time I was told it was not ready and they would be an additional 30 minutes to finish.
At this point I was upset, but was able to reschedule my meeting from 1:00pm to 1:30pm with my client.
At 1:00pm I arrived to the shop only to find that my car was up in the air, tires off, with no one anywhere near it.
When I asked Chandler why the car was not ready even though I was assured by Alex it would be done before 12:30pm he told me they just had to put it back together and that it would be done in a few minutes.
Twenty minutes later (1:20) I approached the desk again and asked Chandler what the status was on the car.
He again told me that it would be done in just a few minutes.
I reminded him this is what he told me nearly half an hour ago and asked that he check the status with the mechanic before quoting me a time.
He said he would go to the back and see what was going on.
At this point, I called to reschedule the appointment with my client to 2:30pm.
I waited for another fifteen minutes (1:45pm), and Chandler was nowhere to be found.
I literally had to walk around the building to find him in the back, speaking with two other staff members smoking a cigarette.
Again, I asked what the status of the car was.
Chandler told me it was going to take at least another hour or so to be finished.
When I asked Chandler why he was standing around in the back and didn't come back into the store to tell me it wasn't going to be just a few more minutes when he knew that I have needed this car since 12:30pm to meet my client, he had no response.
I asked for a manager and was told that one wasn't available but that someone would call me.
At this point my client had cancelled on me.
At nearly 3pm the car was put back together and returned to me.
Also at this time I was told that they were not able to fix the problem and that I owed $149 even though they didn't fix anything.
The cashier stated that the problem was partially fixed and I will be charged for the full amount but they were not able to tell me what had been fixed.
After approaching the first stop sign upon leaving the shop it was apparent the problem had not been fixed at all, not even partially.
I have NEVER had such a terrible service experience.

My check engine light was on and I was nervous to take it in here due to all the bad yelp reviews.
1st I was upset that the diagnostic fee doesn't go to the repairs if there was any.
They took around 2hours to get a diagnostic, not bad compared to other places like Midas.
What I needed to replace was a lot but Ken the customer service manager was so nice and took off the diagnostic charge completely, gave me a discount and when I picked it up later he also replace my spark plug that I couldn't afford with everything I needed free of charge.
I was taken a back and just truly grateful for him.
I recommend pepboys.
They do care, and they don't push you to buy anything extra like other places.
I also felt comfortable here, which does not happen often at the mechanics.

This is my go-to shop for all car maintenance.
They are fast, courteous, and HONEST.
Those who complain about slow service probably just showed up and expected to be serviced right away.
I use the online appointment service (which is really convenient!
) or I call, and I've never had to wait more than a half hour for simple work.
I took my car in here for a brake inspection a few months ago.
I was prepared to dish out for new break pads, and if they had told me I needed them, I wouldn't have batted an eyelash.
Instead, they said my brake pads were still good for a while, and didn't charge me for the inspection.
Recently, when I needed to fix a loose exhaust shield, they fixed it and not only did it FAST, but also didn't charge me for any of the labor... just the bolts they used to replace the ones that had got loose and been lost.
I've had tires replaced, air filter changed, multiple oil changes, and brake inspections, and all of them were done ON TIME and fast.

I would highly recommend this Pep Boys!
I had a problem with my car and had no idea what the cause was.
They took the time and really got to the root of the issue.
My car was in terrible condition before I brought it in, and they walked me through all the repairs it needed, and worked with me on the pricing so I could afford it.
Manlio was the representative who updated me throughout the process, and was incredibly helpful.
The whole staff there is VERY honest and do a great job.
Highly recommend!

Not happy at all.
I was told by Alex the part I ordered would be in on Monday.
Now it's Wednesday and they're saying Thursday.
No explanation no apologizes.
Their promise to get the part in quickly was the reason I went with them over o'reilly's and their lack caring that they couldn't follow through is the reason I won't go with them again

10 months ago, this store replaced the AC compressor and some other AC parts, covered under our extended warranty for our 2007 Ford Freestyle.
The experience was chaotic and unpleasant.
When the AC broke down again a few weeks ago, we took the car to a quality mechanic, but our warranty company said the parts were covered by Pep Boys and we MUST take the car there.
This second experience was horrific, and today we learned had a life threatening consequence (I will get to that soon).
First of all, the vehicle was ready a full day before anyone called to tell us.
In addition, no one ever called to tell us if the side issue of the washer fluid motor was covered, they just fixed it and tried to charge us for the repair.
Long story - shorter, after some loud complaining, there was no charge.
After a few days, the radiator light came on and when I opened the hood, I found that the "mechanic" never put the cap on, and he also left the caps off the AC fill nipples.
I have a photo of how they left it.
This issue was not enough to bring me back to the shop to complain, but things are different now.
Shortly after getting the car back, we began experiencing a phantom acceleration when the AC was on, and also a sudden pull to the right upon acceleration.
These two problems steadily grew worse until we felt the car was unsafe to drive.
In fact, in one instance the pull was so sudden and hard it threw the car towards another car in the lane next to us and caused that car's driver to swerve into another car, causing an accident.
Today, we took the car to the shop where Andy, our ASE certified friend works and here is what he told us by text (full conversation, exact words):    Andy "The reason it was pulling was because they left your ball joint loose on the right side.
"   Me, "Holy Shit!
"    Andy, "I took it around the block and just about shit!
They are idiots over there.
"    Me, "yeah.
"    Andy, " Diane's car will be ready in about 10 minutes.
They never did an idle re-learn on it.
"     Jay, "does that explain the reason it would lurch and sometimes die?
"    Andy, "yeah, they clearly have no idea what they are doing.
"   This quality of service is not acceptable and put my family and others at serious risk of loss and injury.
You need to work a lot harder to just achieve "acceptable" status in both mechanic service and customer service.

