Cleanliness 2/10 The room was gross.
I've seen better at whiskey petes and nevada landing.
smells in both elevators 1/10  pool/spa 7/10 open and working bed comfort 9/10 really!
night staff checking in 3/10 continental breakfast 13/10  It was delicious.
The waffles were the best waffles I have ever had.
Only took 3 minutes to make.
Downside, stupid lady carrying her dog into the breakfast area holding it over the food.
Get a clue lady and tell your doucher boyfriend to figure it out.
I love pets sure, but not in a public breakfast area hovering over the waffle table.

I came to LV to move a good friend of mine to Long Beach and I need a hotel room near her house.
I made the reservation online and I checked in on 2/26 (Friday) at about 2am (Saturday morning).
I called ahead to let the guy @ the front desk know I would be a late arrival.
There were no issues at all during check in and the guy honestly gave us our keys in about 3 minutes.
My room was a king, non smoking room on the 3rd floor.
It was close to the elevator and it was clean.
The only problem was that the refrigerator did not work.
I called the front desk in the morning before I left to meet my friend for breakfast and when I came back that afternoon the fridge was working and the maintenance guy had put all of my drinks that were sitting on the counter into the fridge for me...so everything was nice and cool for me when I got back.
Thanks maintenance guy!
Housekeeping brought me towels in about 5 minutes after me requesting them.
I was impressed that they were onto of things here.
Made my stay pleasant.
The continental breakfast was pretty good.
They had big waffle makers and lots of breads, bagels, cereal, juice and plenty of hot coffee.
Overall the place was not bad.
I did not make it to the pool area as this trip was pretty much all business.
I will agree with Charlie that the elevators are old and smell dusty and in need of a face lift.
Other than that...not a bad trip.
Room was about $79/night.

Location is way off North of the Strip.
About a 20 minute drive to the Strip.
A great hotel when all the hotels closer to the strip are way beyond unreasonable.
The rooms are spacious and brand new.
Our particular room had two full beds, a large bathroom, an ironing board with iron, a vanity, a desk, tv and air conditioning.
I love the fact that the rooms are cozy.
Not too fancy, but just what you need in order to have a quiet nights sleep.
If you're alright with driving to the strip, this is the place for you.
Otherwise, if you're pretty high maintenance and need a room with microwave, room service and a fridge, this isn't your place.
Most La Quinta's offer a free Continental Breakfast, which is usually more than just you bagel with cream cheese but also includes hot eggs, bacon, etc.
I like staying here because it's the best bang for my buck.
If it was more affordable to stay on the strip, I'd be there but this hotel is just right for me.

I booked this place for New Year's weekend.
I didn't want to pay the prices at the other hotels that jump 3X just for the Friday and Saturday.
Well I was expecting a below par 3 star location.
I was pleased once entering the room.
It was a suite.
Spacious quarters.
Wish it was one bed instead of two.
Nice size bathroom so that my girlfriend and I could get ready without stumbling all over each other.
No cigarette smell.
I couldn't hear anyone in the rooms around us.
Only problem was the two drunk guys that decided to post in front of our door to have a discussion about how they failed to hook up.
Besides that, It was perfect.

I wanted to hike in Red Rocks Canyon so I booked a room.
It was super clean and actually pretty luxurious compared to many of the budget places on the Vegas strip.
A+  really.
Most of the La Quintas Ive stayed in all over the US have been great compared to the Motel 6 alternatives.

Clean, Close to the hospital.
Nice Gazebo.

Went to Las Vegas for a family event taking place in North Las Vegas.
This hotel was centrally located to all of our activities.
The rate was great and I was pleasantly surprised with our room.
The hotel was full on Saturday night but we did not hear much hall noise at all.
Bed was comfy and the air air conditioning was better than most places.
Breakfast on Sunday morning was pretty good.
Lots to choose from:  cereal, waffles, fruit, fruit juices and the coffee was good.
Would definitely recommend this place to anyone with business in this area.

I've stayed at this La Quinta several times now and it's a pretty decent place.
It's way off the strip, so if you are a tourist that wants to hit up the nightlife, this probably isn't the place for you.
If you have other business in Las Vegas, this is a great alternative to the expensive hotels on the strip.
The staff is quite helpful and friendly.
The rooms are clean.
In the morning they have a breakfast buffet.
But this last time, we got up around 9 and the buffet was closed.
Also the WIFI is free.
If you are looking for an inexpensive place to stay while visiting Las Vegas, and you don't mind being away from the tourist attractions, this is a good place to stay.
Will I be back?
Sure I will, I enjoying visiting.

Not happy with this place at all!
Not clean.
Cheap linens and bedding.
Hall carpeting was dirty, elevators were dirty and old, one broke down on Thanksgiving with a woman stuck inside for over an hour!.
Housekeeping left some weird red cleaner all over the base of the toilet, forgot to leave coffee a couple of times and the beds  looked like they were thrown together with the sheets not tucked in and one bedspread missing.
Would not recommend this hotel even at the low cost.
Pay $20-$30 more a night and stay somewhere else.

I went in to tan a client .. so I walked thru the lobby and into the elevator , then into the room.
My first impression was that it was dirty, the elevator and carpets were gross.
In the cracks of the elevator tracks.. looked like it wasnt ever vacuumed.
The room was blah and yuck in my opinion .
I expected more I must say !

If you need somewhere cheap to stay for a night this place is fine.
I however recently completed an extended stay here and the longer you stay, the more the bloom will be off that rose.
Allow me to explain.
The building is just a wreck.
In no particular order I enjoyed the following "surprises" while there:  Pool closed due to cloudy/green, hot tub broken, fitness room useless due to all equipment broken/vandalized, flooding in hallways, power outages, water dripping from ceiling, A/C in my room basically had two modes (on or off), pet "messes" everywhere, broken elevator, and fire alarms that no one knew how to turn off.
The clientele also leaves something to be desired.
Not that I'm one to throw stones since I stayed there, but I witnessed several times where someone with dogs got into a shouting/swearing match with someone over excessive barking.
Also "pets" doesn't apparently mean cutesie Paris Hilton puppies oh no - many times there were Rottweilers or pitbulls just walking around NO LEASH.
I have a young son and didn't like that at all.
As for the staff they seemed nice enough but I noticed the longer I stayed the less often my room was cleaned.
At the end I got maid service ONE time in the last two weeks I was there.
Also they got rid of the manager during my stay and he had been pretty responsive to any issues I raised.
Let's close on a positive note because the cost for this place is pretty low and you DO get free but slow internet, a smattering of cable channels, and a free breakfast featuring waffles, hard boiled eggs, and coffee/juice.
I'd consider 3 stars for this place if they fixed the issues they can control such as the building issues above and better enforcement of pet policies.
It won't ever be confused for some 5 star hotel and I guess no one expects that, but a lot of what they claimed to offer fell short.

My family and I needed a place to stay for one night.
My husband reserved a suite a week prior to our stay.
Upon checking in we were told that they didn't have a suite.
The general manager came out and said he could check out of his suite and we could stay in it.
That's nice of him but we did not receive any phone call or email to let us know they overbooked our suite.
The staff was professional an did what they could to accommodate my family.
The cleanliness of the room I rate a big ZERO!
Our room is a non smoking room but it reeks of smoke.
It also has a burn mark on the toilet seat.
The bathroom sink drains very slow.
The shower is disgusting, the floor is filthy and stinks like urine.
On top of that we had trouble with the lock on our window.
Being on the 5th floor, not having a screen and having issues locking the window.
is a HUGE fall risk especially since I had a toddler with me.
I will not be back to this location and I advise against anyone else considering staying here.

If you need a cheaper option to stay in Las Vegas, this is a good place to go.
While it's nothing to write home about, it still provides basic amenities and a basic continental breakfast.
The only thing I do NOT recommend is ordering their room service food.
The room service food is actually ran outside of the hotel, and is delivered through a different food company.
They were very late and also forgot half of our order.

Super accommodations for the price.
Excellent front desk, housekeeping, and continental breakfast personnel.
First thing I noticed when I pulled up other than the SAFETY VIBE--was the cleanliness and FRESH SMELL when I walked into the Christmas themed lobby.
:-)  Not sure about the folks 'yelping'  about the building being a wreck.
I scouted the overall building both interior upon arrival and exterior while walking my dogs at 930 p.m.--  The rooms are updated, immaculate, and contemporary.
Chuck checked me in at the front desk and gave me a ground floor room automatically since he noticed in my online check in I was traveling with my fur kids.
I travelled alone with my two dogs and slept soundly, even though I was near an exit door (which i preferred--as to not disturb guests with my dogs) and right next to the gym.
I figured after the first night if noise became a problem, I could switch rooms.
The breakfast area was well stocked, clean, and maintained.
Perhaps the yellow reviews are for another La Quinta location in Vegas?
This one is CERTAINLY getting REVISITED  & already REFERRED by us.
NOTE to Dog owners/guests here:  PLEASE PICK UP AFTER YOUR DOGS.
i noticed people being inconsiderate and leaving their 'dog trace' out on the lawn, parking lot, and near parked vehicles.
We all don't like stepping in it--and this is a reason why many hotels change their pet policy.
Please Please Please do not ruin it for the respectful and mindful dog owners like us.
La Quinta provides poop bags for YOU!
They have enough to do and it is NOT THEIR RESPONSIBILITY to scoop up after your dogs!!!
If YOUR DOG is unable to acclimate to traveling, sleeping in hotel rooms, or barkers, LEAVE THEM AT HOME with a trusted dog care pro.
Also, don't let your dogs yap--and please, DO NOT leave your dogs unattended and go play the slots or watch a show.
I heard a dog lightly yapping within minutes of settling in--it wasn't bad but i had to nip it in the butt asap--and Chuck at the front desk took care of it immediately.
Yapping stopped within a minute after i called.
Thanks Chuck!
Oh-- and HAVE CLASS & leave at least a 5-10 dollar tip in your room for housekeeping-- better yet, hand it to them & THANK THEM personally.
Whether or not you have pets.

Overall this was a very pleasant stay.
Nothing outrageously luxurious or horribly bad.
We stayed here for 2 nights for a wedding of a family member.
Pros:  - When we first checked in it was about 12 at night.
The desk attendant was very friendly and accommodating, a GREAT 1st impression - We wanted a quiet place, away from the strip to go home to and this was perfect.
The giant king bed was comfortable and had lots of pillows.
The layout of the room was different and refreshing.
- Breakfast was above average than your usual continental breakfast you get.
They provided orange juice, coffee, milk, lemon water, fresh waffles, bagels, cereal and yogurt   - Free WIFI - Did I mention that they have coffee 24/6  - About 4 minutes away there is a 24 hour supermarket...  Cons: (just a few) - The door to our bathroom did not shut properly (a broken spring that can be easily fixed) - We were in a room near the end of the hall.
The door to the stairs slammed when it was shut.
Luckily only a few times.
Overall a very pleasant stay!
If all La Quintas are like this I will be back  :)

