Really good nails and I like it.
People are really nice and good selection of colors for girls.

Still the best in town!
Do you know why I like this place?
It's because the workers there are so nice!
This place is so good that they are in the Luxury magazine!
I would recommend this place to women who want their nails done properly and professionally.
It is really relaxing there and the workers there talk to you about your day and how you are doing.
This place is the best in las Vegas probably i don't know, but it's the best one I know!!!
Still has a variety of colors and they always have a new set of colors such as Katy perry colors and Texas colors.
I heard they are having a special.
Well the gel manicures are still there, so try it!

Picture it: its your first time, youre scared, shaking, nervous... what if it doesnt look right or what if it hurts when it it goes in... your piggies into the water I mean : ) This is my HORRIBLE first experience getting a pedicure...
So this Monday my little family and I are going to SeaWorld San Diego, a place my son and I have never been to and Ive dreamed of going since I was knee high to a pigs eye!
I looked at my feet and they we HELLA HELLA in need of some lovin, other than my own.I normally color my own tootsies because I do a pretty dang good job and get all the polish off that I get on my toes.
So I decided to "pamper" myself : )  We went in and only had towait about 10 mins for 2 of us to get $20 pedis, not too bad considering they were busy.
Its a family run place and its pretty clean...
Although the lady doing mine wore gloves and took a cash tip from a customer and didnt change her glove.
Ewwwww!
For customer service its ok I guess, I was the one who has to start talking before my lady did.
I got the sister of the biz, she was nice and became talkative once I probed her and told her I did reviews for my beloved Yelp.
Now this is the first time I've ever gotten a pedi, so I was SOOOOO excited!!
Well my bubble quickly burst.
I seriously couldve done this on my own, and most better.
She did the SOP I guess, soaked the feet, she didnt cut my nails because she said they were too short, kinda filed 3 of them, buffed only 1 foot, put some jelly crap on em, and did the semi scraping of the bottom of my feets.
Now like I said this is my 1st pedi in 25 years!!
You would think she would spend more than 30 seconds with my calluses.
I told her I chase around 5 my year old barefoot and go swimming a lot... but no, she didnt.
Now came time for the color, she had asked if I had already chosen a color and I wasnt aware I was supposed to so I told her what colors I liked and I had really wanted a flat white.
She brought this pearl white and some glittery clear looking white-ish.
She tried it on my nail, and it didnt look good, so she went and got this pretty glittery red one which I loved.
I thought she wouldve taken the polish off from the color she tried, but she didnt, she just painted over it!
So she did my first coat, then applied a second coat to my right foot and a clear coat.
Well the blonde one had to come in and take my ladies place for God knows what reason, and she didnt even put another coat on my left foot and just put the clear on... WHAT THE EFFFFFF!
I was sooo pissed, my lady came and was like we need to put a second coat and that blonde a-hole was like "I already did!
" Ugh, damn liar.
So that was it, They gave me my walking papers.
I had noticed the "Aunt" of the place does a much better job, whilst I was soaking my feet in cold water (ugh) the lady next to me seemed like she was getting the royal treatment, she polished her piggies sooo nice and even made sure none had any reminisce of nail polish, she even used a real brush they use for your manis.
My bf got the aunt lady and his pedi was ok, nothing to show off, but just ok.  My bf started soaking his feet like 2 mins after me and was done 10 mins after I was.
Also, "mommy" kept looking at me like I was trying to steal a freakin file or something, just because I am hella tatted doesnt mean I want your .29 cent sally beauty supply nail files!!
They do have OPI but theyre ugly and the selection is pretty good, but nothing took cream yourself over.
I have cuter colors at home.
Seriously, go someplace else!!
Look at my photos too!
This place sucks ass!
The ppl who gave 5 stars mustve been high!!!
Sorry in advance, my freshly pedicured toes look like shit!
Way to ruin my first time!!
I felt like a girl on prom night who got her cherry popped from a senior who was left in an alley!
NO BUENO!
And P.S.
I did tip her!!
FML!
Dōmo Arigatō Bitches!!

I got exactly what wanted when I went there to get a gel manicure.
Square nails, not cut my cuticles, and out of there in 45 mins.
The girl did my gel manicure just how I wanted it pink French tips with white polka dots and fully painted ring finger with polka dots.
They have not chipped and are still shiny, reasonably priced too for what I got done $40 including 2 3d bows.
I will be going there again for sure.

Just plain rude.
Didn't answer questions.
Then when I asked how long the wait she shrugged her shoulders.

They do a awesome gel manicure!
Not 2 thick, square top, with a hello kitty n 3D bows!!!
The best in the area, n I've tried a lot of them....
This is where I will stay  Service was pleasant n helpful.
I highly recommend them!

Made an appointment and had to wait 30 mins after my appointment time.
Why even make an appointment?
Really bad business practice no matter what your nails look like after.
Not a friendly bunch either.
One day after getting my nails done one of them popped off and they put the acrylic so far from the cuticle it looked like I needed to get them done immediately after leaving.
not good.

