Review: The Spa at Lakeside Beautiful setting on the lake.
The services are great.
The prices are reasonable.
They always have extraordinary specials.
I would highly recommend.
Tony is a great masseuse.
I will go back for a facial and let you know.
The 3 suggestions I have to increase business:  1.
A makeover.
[ which I would love to do] 2.
A masseuse that makes house calls The Spa at Lakeside 3. have a link on your website that goes to your facebook account- also have a you tube, linkedin, and twitter account.
[ love to help] www.cookee.biz  2620 Regatta Dr. 702-254-8568 begin_of_the_skype_highlighting702-254-8568end_of_the_skype_highlighting www.spaatlakeside.com  http://www.vegaspersonalshopper.com/category/my-blog/

The amorous mixture of scents induced it's relaxing potent power in through my nostrils upon entering the spa.
Greeted by Rick, my girlfriend and I were instructed to sign in after being asked if we had an appointment.
He offered tea and made it how we wanted.
After a few sips, we were directed to the back of the spa to relax on comfortable easy chairs with a relaxing view of the lake.
After just a few minutes of magazine page flipping, hot green tea sipping, and a few funny words with my girlfriend, we were greeted by both Heather and Tony who explained they would be taking care of us.
Oh, and plus 5 bonus points for Tony who pronounced my name right!
;) We were led to a dim room with peaceful instrumentals and they were very detailed with their instructions.
Heather asked what specific places needed more attention and left the room for me to change.After laying down, they knocked on the door before coming and proceeded with the massage.
... ... ... ... ... ... "Would you like some tea before you leave?
" Heather had to gently wake me up!
Haha!
OMG!
The best massage EVER!
She took care of the painful areas and massaged me to sleep!
We came out and Heather was standing there with the tea!
Highly recommended!

I discovered the Spa at Lakeside a few years ago when I didn't want to spend resort prices for a massage that would probably be the same at a non-resort.
I searched the web and tumbled upon this little gem of a place and every time I'm in Vegas and want a spa day, I make a pit stop here.
The staff are always very friendly and accommodating.
I've received a massage treatment, a facial and a foot massage here.
I wouldn't recommend the foot massage...it's not like your typical reflexology type of treatment.
But the massage and facials are great and have always brought my friends to this Spa.
It's nice how there are multiple treatment rooms so it's a great place to go to when you have a bunch of people that want treatments at the same time.
Just be sure to book in advance so they can fit you all in.
They have a nice area in the back where you can relax before, between and after treatments that overlooks a lake and it's very relaxing.
The chairs are getting a little ratty from when they first got them but it's on their outdoor patio so it's understandable.
Great value, great service and very easy to get to.
Check it out!

Cute little hideaway :) Christina, the esthetician, is Awesome!
Good customer service, nice smelling organic products, reasonable prices (but not cheap)... plus they don't try to get you to buy products you don't need.
Thumbs up!

Found this place through my boyfriends mother she's a regular client there.
The prices are cheap compared to resort spas.
Service and staff are really great.
April the massage therapist is AMAZING!
Christina the esthetician is also great.
Well be making monthly visits!

Awesome job Donna and Sharon thanks so much!

This is easily one of Las Vegas' best kept jewelled secrets.
I visited the Spa at Lakeside 2.0 for the first time two weeks ago because the stress at my new job rendered me unable to turn my neck in either direction.
After having sat hunched at a computer screen for almost 6 months straight, I was in tremendous pain, almost to the point of tears.
My back ached to the touch.
I called in sheer desperation after hearing about this wonderful massage therapist named Mr. Ramirez.
I am certain his hands are blessed by God.
The sixty minutes he spent massaging my neck, back and shoulders totally took away all my pain and I was able to regain 100% mobility in my neck immediately.
He is awesome.
The setting is beautiful, and includes an outdoor spa with comfortable lounge chairs that face the lake.
The owner is friendly, easy to talk to and the spa is honest.
They will DEFINITELY get my business again.
Thanks!!

My husband and I have been going to the Spa at Lakeside for 2 yrs now regularly.
We always have a great time there.
The people that work there are so friendly and curtious.
I would recommend it to anyone needing to be taken care of, and really get the feel of relaxing, to go there.
A. Thomason

I went to this spa for Valentines day that I bought a Groupon and I experienced excellent customer service with Tea and freshly baked cookies.
I highly recommend this place.
Nice ambience and nice view of the lake.
We entered our names in a drawing and won a free 80 minute couples massage.

This place was highly recommended by a lot of people I know.
I went there for the first time a year ago and got back today and was not disappointed... Donna was my massage therapist and she did a great job, super professional.
Will come back again!

This place came highly recommended to me and I was anxious to try a place that wasn't a resort, charging me a crazy amount of money for a massage.
The atmosphere is nice and relaxing, being right on the lake.
I was greeted by Rick, the owner, who was super nice.
When I came in, he offered tea or water then gave me the option to sit in the lobby or on the back porch overlooking the water - so calming to actually sit next to water, especially in Vegas.
I had a 50 min massage (can't remember her name).
Overall the massage was good.
I will definitely be going back, although would like to try someone else out just to see if I can't get that one person that completely relaxes me.
Those gems are hard to find.

The Spa was clean and well organized, and the prices are hard to beat.
I can see why the RJ gave them the best of Vegas award.
The 80 minute couples massage was fabulous, and I was impressed with the amount of treatments they have from Facials to Belly wraps.
I will be a regular for sure.

Pretty nice spa by the lake.
The lake was so beautiful to take a walk while waiting for your appointment or relaxing after getting pampered.
I got a massage from a lady.
She was really nice and pretty good.
She asked where I needed work at and she paid more attention to those spots.
I wish she would put more strength, but that just me, I like painful massage.
$50 for 50 minutes is a steal in Vegas!

If you are flirting with idea of going, just do it!
This place is relaxing and affordable.
My skin is still glowing from my body wrap and facial.
Already booked my next appointment!

Great place tucked away by the lake!
Had a great experience with a tremendous massage.
Reasonably priced.
Way better than going to the overpriced Red Rock Spa.
I will be back!

What an amazing get away.
Relaxing, affordable, comfortable, accommodating, knowledge staff, peaceful setting overlooking the water, all around top-notch place!!
I came to Vegas for the 70.3 World Champs and Rick and his staff at the Spa at Lakeside 2.0 hooked me up!
Post race massage and foot rejuvenation!!
I could go for that foot rejuvenation everyday of the week!!
Great staff and they provided amazing service!!
Warm cookies, tea and water accompanied my services!
When I'm in Vegas I'll be sure to make this my top, top priority!!

I'm still a huge fan of this spa and every time I'm in Vegas, I have to come and see Donna for my massage.
She's awesome!!

I wanted a spa day for my birthday and didn't want to pay at the overpriced casino spas.
I had read positive reviews on Yelp, and I was not disappointed.
I did a 3-part package: facial, wrap, and massage - for $180.
I've only had 2 or 3 facials before and had never done a wrap.
All were fantastic, and I actually fell asleep during the massage because I was so relaxed.
The therapists, whose names I've totally forgotten (sorry!
) were fantastic and super friendly.
Very patient with a million questions about the wrap and a concern given previous facials.
I went on a Monday and got an additional discount.
(Not sure if that was a special or a regular thing.
) My own wish is that it felt a little less like a standard massage place/dr's office and a little bit more like a day spa.
There's a spot to sit and overlook the lake, but it was a little chilly.
I definitely recommend this place and look forward to going back in a few months.

Such a nice retreat!
I came here yesterday because a friend of mine got me a gift certificate for the tranquility package.
I know, my friends are better than yours.
Just kidding.
The 3.5 hour package was the perfect remedy for my mini melt down the week before.
Services: The tranquility package included a body scrub, a full body massage, a european facial, and a foot awakening treatment.
All of which were absolutely heavenly.
This was the perfect way to spend my tuesday morning.
My masseuse was awesome!
She had an extremely strong hand.
I like it rough.
Massages that is.
And she was very attentive to my bodies needs.
She did my massage, body scrub and my foot awakening.
The body scrub was just what i needed to get all this dry-vegas skin off.
I might need to do this once a week!
And the facial was perfect!
My skin has been freaking out because of the extreme dry-ness of vegas, and because i've been slightly stressed lately.
But Raleen really worked with me to get my skin glowing and new.
This also may need to be on my weekly agenda.
Location: The Spa at Lakeside 2.0 is just as it seems, Lakeside.
Awesome location away from all of the craziness of "Las Vegas" and placed perfectly on a calm, relaxing lake!
I loved sitting out back on the patio sipping on my tea gazing out at the lake before my treatments.
Staff: 5 stars!
They we're all extraordinary.
From the owner to the receptionist, they all went above and beyond.
I was able to get quality service and chat about travels and anything else that popped into my mind.
Simply amazing.
Above and beyond: You get that 5th star!
The Spa at Lakeside 2.0 definitely deserves the 5th star.
They were affordable, with great service, and a very relaxing atmosphere.
They go above and beyond by offering you refreshments and even a to-die-for cookie at the end.
Drool...

i love love love this place!
The massages and facials are great.
The staff is friendly and they even helped me plan a V day Suprise for my sweetie.
The rates are affordable and if you live in Summerlin and want to take a moment for yourself and get a massage i would definately recommend The Spa.

Clean and affordable.
Not for hanging out all day like some other spas on the strip.
Mostly locals go here.
April attended me and she only works weekends.
She can be a chatty Kathy but i didn't mind because we had good convo.
She worked the knots out of my back.
$150 for massage wrap and scrub.
I would recommend if u can get away from strip in your rental car.
Taxi might be too expensive cause its like 14 miles???

So my wife and I had a special trip planned for Vegas.
So we wanted to relax with a nice spa day.
But we are not wanting to break the bank at a Casino Spa.
So i read the reviews here and the following is what we got........
This place is about 15-20 minute drive from the Luxor.
That is where we stayed.
Not hard to find at all.
Located on a beaautiful Lake.
They were very nice when i made my appointment over the phone.
Here is the best part............................................
Couples massage........80 minute full body massage, and a 50 minute foot and leg treatment while you over look the lake and have tea and cookies served to you........................ $260 total.
Not per person......but total.
WOW!!!!!!!
The Spa at Luxor wanted more than $400 for a couple massage that lasted less than half the time offered by the Spa at Lakeside.
The massage was great and so relaxing.
Meaghan worked on me and i fell asleep at least twice on her.
I was so relaxedand it felt so good it was amazing.
The foot treatment was so amazing and just took all my stress away.
We are so looking forward to going back again.
''Best part is at the Luxor....i won a poker tournament that paid for our massage.
Thank you Spa at Lakeside 2.0  We will be back again and again.

