Wish i could rate this zero stars.
I ordered one meal.
The woman taking orders cut me off at that.
Did not ask if i would like anything else.Um yeah i wanted to order more but i was given my total after ordering the one meal.
So my kids split the one meal.
I was left with nothing.
Completely RUDE!!!!!
They were not even busy but appeared to be in a huge rush.

Horrible.
Just plain horrible.
Like the other review, get one star cause I have to.
Ordered a small chili with cheese.
Asked for some chili sauce packets on the side.
A spicy chicken sandwich combo with a side of ranch.
The wifey was nice enough to get it in the first place, so I can't complain to her.
No ranch.
No chili sauce.
No spoon to eat the chili.
No straw for the drink.
No napkins to wipe hands with.
Did get ketchup for the fries, but didn't eat them because they were colder than the ice in my drink.
I was soooooo angry I actually called.
The manager offered to give me the stuff if I drove down and pick up the items.
There was no mention of a refund or a gift card for a future order.
Doesn't matter because I won't be going back.

I love this Wendy's.
I have been coming here over the years and never had any problems.
my order is always right and piping hot fresh.
The drive-thru is super speedy and the workers are always friendly.
I recently have become addicted to the chili cheese fries.
You can't beat there value menu with so many tasty options.
They regularly send coupons in the mail and all of them or worth using.
I got a free spicy chicken sandwich with purchase of a small drink and fries and also I liked the coupon where I got a free chili cheese fries with any purchase.
I ordered from the value menu that time and my total was just $2.12 for the fries and 2 sandwiches.

Witnessed staff accepting cash and then making food without changing gloves or washing their hands.
Completely disgusted by this.
Not coming back to this location.

My rule of thumb lately is not to review fast food locations unless they meet following criteria.
Service is outstanding or food is amazing.
Or my service was horrible etc.
I am writing this review in hope management sees this, cause this will freak out alot of people.
I ordered some stuff to go.
I got burgers and a raspberry tea witch sounded good honestly.
The burgers where average bacon was burnt like deep fryer bacon.
That wasn't the fries where cold.
And the topper I started drinking the drink on the way home witch is like 5 mins even less depending on traffic stop lights sigh -- I will leave those for another story.
The drink tasted good however I started noticing hard chunks of something I think maybe mix or something however you can tell there pods with a string attached normally needing to be blended longer so not to leave these is a cup.
Espic a white cup that shows up.
I dont have food poisoning or any of those signs.
However when you see this me being from Phoenix I tend to freak out espic not knowing what I ingested, so I hope management can see this.
I do not need any type of reimbursement just letting company know.

