Completely awful experience!
My appointment was for 9:30.
My husband and I arrived at 9:20.
After giving my name I waited about thirty minutes for a check in and it was not until 11:30 that we saw Dr. Rimoldi.
Anyone considering to go see him, DON'T!!!
He shouts at you, asks you questions, while you respond he cuts you off, and never even gave me the opportunity to ask any questions.
He used the same scripted talk with me as well as the person before me.
We could hear everything he told the person prior to me and then heard it again when he yelled it at us.
I highly suggest nobody go see him.
I definitely would never even allow him to give me a shot let alone a serious surgery.

I really liked my surgeon and his staff... at first.
The doctor seemed competent and friendly, the head medical assistant was helpful and efficient.
BUT...
It is now a little over a year since my first surgery by Dr Nevins.
Any glimpses of professionalism, empathy, or honesty, that this medical office once possessed, has now vanished from existence.
Any traces of "quality customer service" literally goes down hill on a hourly basis.
His back office staff is quite possibly the rudest, most inappropriate, uneducated, and unprofessional, medical assistants I have ever met.
His surgery scheduler/medical assistant should be fired.
She doesn't know anything about medicine, (especially orthopedics), and hears only what she chooses to hear.
A few weeks ago I attempted to leave a phone message for the doctor.
I had a medical problem that was related to one of my past surgeries with him.
While trying to explain my problem to the girl on the phone, she actually told me to stop talking!!
After politely listening to her, I asked her if I could speak, and she told me no~ that she already listened to me, and didn't want to hear it again.
When I told her that I thought she was being rude, she proceeded to get very nasty and argumentative with me.
I politely asked to speak to with her supervisor, and was told that she wasn't there.
When I asked a second time, she stated that she would give my message to every manager in their office if that would shut me up.
She then had the audacity to hang up on me!!
This medical assistant has told me that she has 20 years experience... (in what I'm not sure)... but it is obviously not in manners or in medicine.
I had a serious medical problem that she probably never relayed to the doctor.
Until there is an MD behind her name, she needs to refrain from trying to diagnose patients!!
Someday, she will again give incorrect medical advice to another patient.
Because of that, they will end up either seriously ill or deceased.
Fingers crossed that she will be fired before that happens...  (Thankfully they seem to have a high employee turnover rate...
I'll leave it at that, lol.
)  Lastly, my surgeon... Dr Nevins replaced both of my hips last year in two different surgeries.
I didn't like the fact that while in the hospital he did not "check-up" or talk to me after either of my surgeries.
(Another Dr from his practice saw me once.
) Compared to my primary care doctor, Dr Sang Tran (whom I adore)...
I have been left with the disappointing conclusion that I am only an insurance payment to him...  Long wait to get an appointment.
Longer wait to have surgery.
Even longer wait to talk to anyone with an IQ above 50.
(And that includes the doctor.

Get ready to wait!
This place is busy and you will be waiting for a while until you see the doctor.
Then you will sit in the exam room and wait some more.
I suggest you make your appointment first thing in the morning or you can forget about finding a parking spot.
Some visits I could not even find a place to park, so I just left.
Other than the fact that it is difficult to find a parking spot and you have to wait forever, the staff has always been nice and so have the doctors.
I had to go hear because of an injury I sustained to my knee.
The doctor I went to see was Dr. Kim.
I needed to get surgery to repair my knee so Dr. Kim performed my knee surgery.
I guess he did a good job because my knee feels better.
My knee feels better than before my injury but it will never be the same.
I still can't walk up or down stairs with out pain.
Dr. Kim said he did everything he could do.
I think I am going to go see another surgeon and get a second opinion.
I feel like they just want to get you in and out there so they can get make money and move on to the next patient.
Las Vegas is just a bad place to get any type of medical attention.

I would recommend Dr, Kim anyday!
He is awesome!
He is so patient and actually knows what he's talking about when it comes to all my knee injuries.
He can be kind of a serious guy at first, amd may seem quite.
but Once you get talking to him youll love him.
He does not rush suggesting surgery until its really the last option.
And even then he tells you that the decision is all yours!
Dosnt pressure you at all!
He has done 2 knee surgeries on me and is honestly the best.
He always makes time to get you into the office ASAP!
The wait can be a little long in the room but his care is worth the wait, scheduling surgerys and follow ups is a breeze with his awesome assistant Kristine!
She knows her stuff and is highly aware of everything going on.
Always one step ahead of the game.
Two thumbs up for Dr Kim!
And Kristine!

I had a great first experience at the spine center from the fast check in to the excellent care I received from Dr. Lee and his support staff.
My appt was yesterday, got my MRI today, and will get my results tomorrow.and discus my options.
Kudos to nurse Denise who gave out lots of TLC.

Very clean office, great staff.
Dr's are great.
I have read how Dr Rimoldi doesn't spend time with patients and is uncaring, but for me this was untrue.
I needed surgery, we knew it, we did it and i feel so much better

Honestly, I was a bit nervous after reading several negative reviews that this place would be a nightmare but I, in fact, was nicely surprised.
***getting an appt is not the easiest thing to do,they are booked a good 3 weeks out***  The office is VERY busy, however they had a large staff working so they seemed to be keeping up with patients fairly well.
The paperwork required is lengthy so if you haven't filled it out at home prior to your appt, plan for 30mins before your appt to get it done.
I received mine in the mail and both filled it out and dropped it off the Friday BEFORE my appt along with insurance card to ensure no paperwork issues.
*Because they are very busy, I would recommend doing this if possible.
I was prompt and was called to the desk with 10 mins of my arrival.
After being processed and paying.
I waited another 10 mins before being brought back to Dr. Yu.
The staff was pleasant enough and worked quickly.
I had basic vitals and X-rays done within 10-15 mins of being brought to the back office.
I waited less than 5 mins from completion of X-rays until I saw Dr Yu.
He was pleasant, insightful, and was able to diagnose me quickly.
We decided on a treatment course and I received my injection within another 10 mins of the dctr leaving our visit.
All in all, I was in and out within 1hr 15mins, which is, in my opinion, excellent considering I saw a dctr I had never seen before, had X-rays done on site, and received an injection for my hand.
I would recommend Dr Yu!

Not so much a tip as observation ...
Huge practice with multiple docs so can be very crowded even with large waiting room.
Routine visit for old injury.
Not near as crowded today.
I have to say they typically move very fast even with a crowded and LARGE waiting room.
12+ doctors and twice the staff.

Ok.  so I waited 40 minutes because dr ashman was late and since I'm missing work when his highness finally walked in i was finishing an email shso he walked out because I was on my phone!
Missing work and you are late and you are going to give me attitude ?
I think not  I am currently  sitting here waiting for my X-rays because I have neither the time not the patience for this.
I can always see another doctor.
You got it !
I hit the door when someone is rude and I don't care if they have md after their name

Update: I asked for my medical records and guess what?
Both incomplete and inaccurate!
Surprise!
They didn't do full intake on me during my multiple visits so just "copied" what was there.
Also, no radiology reads on 2 of 3 imaging session which means going to another doc they will typically not accept the image, only the printed report from the radiologist.
(Like I was born yesterday.
)  I have a call in to them to try and get the records corrected ad to get the balance of the documents all I can add is SHEESH!!!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Just when I thought it couldn't get any worse.
A place that treats by the joint when you have multiple joint problems a place that obviously doesn't think about the patient but more about billings.
I called today to find out when my apointment with another doc was.
I called May 6th to reschedule it from tomorrow to another day but forgot to write down the new day.
As it turns out, that doctor only works Monday and Wednesday and only time I can get out of work early are Tues & Thurs which is why I called to reschedule the appointment they made for me without asking my availability!
So... Dr. Ashman has issued a "divorce of care letter".
Oh gee.
I'm so hurt.
It won't prevent me from seeing the 2 doctors at this practice who have already given me less than 3 minutes of their time but I will no longer be able to go to Nevada Orthopedic.
ROFL!
Perhaps Dr. Ashman doesn't realize that before you get a divorce you have to get married and because I NEVER saw him because he walked out on me, kind of hard to get a divorce.... but I did refuse his proposal that I wait longer than the 40 minutes I had already been there because I had my cell phone in my hand when he finally walked in the room.
BTW...when I was in the elevator going down after I left Ashman's office I was grumbling and someone in scrubs asked me what was up.
I said I was waiting for a doc that was 40 minutes late and he got mad because I had my cell phone in my hand (not talking, just checking work e-mails, etc since the wait was so long.... and I told him Ashman walked out and I walked out on him a few minutes later)  Reply for the guy in scrubs?
"Good for you.
He treats everyone that way"  Just as an FYI, when I saw another doctor for another joint, he was well over an hour late and while he wasn't overtly rude, the rest of the staff had gone home and he clearly wanted to as well so I got the bums rush with a quick referral to MRI)  It seems to me that if this place cared about their patients, they might want to look about their process that makes patients wait so long, see so many doctors and allows doctors to be so overtly rude.
Any other place would have FIRED an employee for being such a rotten egg.
MD or not if you hate your job so much and hate people so much... time to look for another job!

DR. Bradford is the worst hip doctor I have ever been to.
This guy is a real jerk.
For 4 years he told me I had an old fashion hip replacement, and the hip need  it to be changed.
I then told Dr. Bradford that the hip was replaced by Dr. Joel Matta of Santa Monica California last time.
Then Dr. Bradford changed his mind and said it is a good hip now.
Dr. Bradford knows who Joel Matta is and knows Joel Matta is respected world wide.
Take your lunch with you to the waiting room.
Better yet just stay away.
You can thank me now or you can thank me later for this good review of Dr. Bradford.
It is the truth.

