My daughter got her nails done, they are awesome, the 3- D design is just out of this world.
Vicky took her time, the shop has full range of glitter and designs.
Went there last month for a mani/Pedi... Love love, for my engagement- that didnt last but the mani/pedi did.

Worst Serve EVER.
Kept burning me w the nail file changed the price at the end and when I said something he got mad.
He did a horrible paint job, got nail polish all over my hand and I had to ask him to clean it up.
Didn't get his name but he sits 3rd chair from the door...negative stars if I could

Zero stars!!
The shop location is  perfect for me because Its near my job but the parking lot is not spacious.
It's shared by other businesses, a gas station and a water mill.
The woman who greeted us was of course Asian.
She greeted us by yelling extremely loud.
I didn't understand why she was yelling and why her co worker thought it was funny to shout either when we are in a small shop and lots of other people.
Anyways, they were short staff so my two other girlfriends and I shared one lady.
She rushed to do my friends fills on her manicure then rushed over to trim my nails.
She forgot to wash my hands, soak my nails, clean my cuticles, use a sanitize set of equipment and then forgot the timer on my UV gel heater.
My hands started to burn up in their.
She then rushed to finish my nails and I had to remind her again to clip my cuticles.
The air circulation is bad inside.
Kpt he smell of all the chemicals was so strong I had to take a deep breath outside and come back in.
I don't appreciate the half fast service so I left only a $3 tip.
The service cost &25 but felt Like a $5 quick service, I will not go there again.
Bad customer service especially to someone in a Military uniform :(

This place is amazing!!
I've been going here for almost 6 years now.
They always do my nails the way if want them!

DO NOT GO HERE!!!
Went in earlier today around 6.
She rushed through the whole thing, my nails are all bumpy & the 6 stones I had put on already fell off, just 4 hours later.
When she first put on the stones 2 of them didn't even match & she didn't understand what I was talking about.
They didn't even super glue the stones on.
And now my nails hurt very badly.
You'd think that for $45 they could atleast put a little effort into it.
I've routinely got my nails done every 2 weeks for the past 5 yrs.
I just moved to this part of town so I thought I'd try this place out & I wish I didn't.

The staff here was so nice!
After being turned down at 2 other nail places for 4 walk in pedicures, LV nails were happy to accommodate us right away even though the salon was fairly busy and they were about to close for the night.
It was such excellent customer service that we will definitely be back again!

Great people!!
Clean salon and a great atmosphere..
Always love family owned businesses!

