OK, here is the deal, I know Dr. Katz through the Community and as a matter of fact My Wife was his FIRST Patient 12 or so years ago when he hit town from a sucesful stint in Ohio.
He is South African as the strong accent shows, but if you want a resolution to any allergies, asthma, respiratory issues go here.
His office is BUSY I will  not deny, but things are moving, and he has readouts from every part of Vegas to help your treatment by knowing what is whisping in the air and what he can do to help.
He also is pretty good with Sampling, if he can he will give you a starter of your meds.
Try him, and Breathe Better!!
I ticked Yes on Appointment only, but a Phone call will probably get you in if you call as early as possible.

I have nothing but good things to say about Dr. Katz, Brenda Brechler, A.P.N.
and his office staff (especially Jessica, so helpful and pleasant).
Dr. Katz took his time to diagnosis my problem and answered all my questions.
I will reccommend him to all my friends and I know they will be happy.
He's really knowledgeable, I'm feeling so much better under his treatment.
I'm thrilled to have found these folks.
Brenda is a real asset to his office.
I love it when people know what they are doing !

Worst Front Desk Service- EVER!
Just because your office have been burned by people who had crappy insurance does not mean that you treat all new patients as if they are going to run out on you.
I had such high hopes...
The doctor might be good, but I will not deal with bad service.
I want to nice understanding ones that will work with you when the insurance messes up (as they often do!
) to work out the problems.

Dr. Katz and Brenda Brechtel are the best at what they do which is to figure out how to help you feel better so you can ENJOY life.
My daughter has a rare diagnosis and Dr. Katz was the only doctor to figure it out.
He and his staff get us in and out in a minimal amount of time.
He answers our questions and makes sure we understand the treatment plan.
His staff is easy to talk to whether it is when they are administering a test, giving a shot, or scheduling your next visit.
I wish every doctor's office was as good as Dr. Katz's.

Was suffering from terrible allergies this year and made the call to Dr. Katz's office.
Was pleasantly surprised as I could get in the next day!
Once there everything went as I would expect and the good Dr. offered me some samples to get thing under control until I could get to the pharmacy.
Stellar!
This office might be crazy busy, but there is good reason, as Dr. Katz is top notch.

Dr. Katz is an excellent doctor who was able to diagnose and resolve a chronic issue I had with my nasal and chest congestion.
I had been to many specialists who were unable to resolve my issue, but Dr. Katz was the only one who was able to diagnose and treat it correctly.
I am more than pleased with the work he and his staff do to get me in and out without delay.

I started going here within a year of moving to Las Vegas from Ohio  in 2006.
Never had an allergy in my life (I'm 50).
Diagnosed with non allergic rhinitis.
Upon meeting Dr Joel Katz it was apparent to me that I would #1 go elsewhere or #2 give his PA a chance since the location was best suited for my needs.
Truly one of the most arrogant people I've met.
I really don't care that you live on a golf course and are a millionaire.
I do pretty well for myself and never feel the need to share that with others.
Decided to try his PA, Brenda,  and immediately liked her.
Was prescribed Omnaris and it has been a godsend.
Brenda has been wonderful and am grateful to have had her as my physician until today.
The last visit being in March, I would have thought my prescription would have at least lasted until March 2014.
Usual practice, I assumed.
Not in this case.
They refused to authorize a  refill until I came back for an office visit.
Even though my records specifically stated I would return, before then, IF I had any other "issues" in the interim.
So, my first thought was ok.....another office visit brings in money for them.
I called today and after being put on hold TWICE  for quite some time and being disconnected, someone finally reached out to me.
Someone that they were struggling to find with authority, I assume.
Problem solver, if you will.
Paige, I believe is what she said her name was.
I asked if they could refill my highly addictive Omnaris  for 30 days until I could make it in due to my work schedule.
As I have been without for almost a week, I was miserable.
She abruptly picks up the phone and says to me "if you think we are money hungry, then this may not be the office for you.
"  I was not only stunned,  it was actually comical.
Being in customer service for many years, I was amazed.
Must feel very confident in her job to feel that it is acceptable to talk with patients (customers) in that fashion.
I am still amazed at how I was spoken to.
There are so many competent Allergists in Las Vegas that you would think  service would be a priority along with great healthcare.
Not in this case.
I am happy to go elsewhere even though I built a relationship with Brenda.
I would have hoped she would have "had my back".
Apparently not.

I was very sick when I started seeing Dr. Katz, and he has gone out of his way to do everything he can to get me better.
Most doctors push medication without trying to figure out the cause, but not Dr. Katz.
He truly cares, and went above and beyond to help me.
I have been seeing him now for a little over 2 years, and I couldn't be happier with the care I've received.
I also see Brenda, and she is just as great.
Wouldn't go anywhere else!

This Allergy Season has been tough but Dr. Katz and staff as usual give my Family great care and attention and I never see a frown when we are there.
Consistence is the Key!!

So I came in with my son to get allergy tests for the both of us and was surprised at how long the process took.
I understand though as it is a process to find all things you're allergic to.
I have to say first off that the staff (both office and medical) were absolutely amazing!!!
They explained everything about our allergies in great detail and answered any and all of my questions.
Dr. Katz was the best too, he was super patient with my son and really great in explaining my test results.
I would recommend this office to everyone!
So glad I decided to come here to get my allergies under control!

