For fast food Mexican I can't complain...I'd rather go to a taqueria, but at 9pm they aren't open :( So, Del taco will do the trick.
The people working were nice, or food came fast and everything tasted good (for fast food :)) No complaints for this fast food joint.
And Del Taco is cheap :)

Had a quick dinner the other night with my Son.
We had Big Fat Chicken Tacos ($2.29), Veggie Works Burrito ($2.49), Carne Asada Taco ($1.79), Pollo Asada Taco ($1.79), and a Classic Taco ($.99).
The food was fresh and tasted good....although I'd skip their Carne Asada and Pollo Asada Tacos....it's their attempt to be like a real taco shop....and it's not even close.
It's a typical Del Taco, not much else to say about it.
Will I return?
I probably will.

I moved here from Connecticut where we don't have a Del Taco and all I can say is I hope i always live near one the rest of my life.
It's very inexpensive and it tastes amazing compared to other mexican fast food chains.
Everything is always fresh and delicious.
I fell in love my first bite!

i can't stop eating this junk.
Tuesday and Thursday Tacos!
I swear everytime I go in , they have new people??!
what's with that?
anyway.. i like this place because its simple, fast and taste good.

This is the new 4th meal baby!
Kick that taco bell out the curb and order some chipotle soft/hard tacos.
Even them carbon tacos aka.
street tacos.
I'd take this over Taco Bell any day.
I'm not really a fan of fast food, but I like this place alright!
Bean burrito with green sauce FTW over taco bell's bean burrito thas fasho.

Whenever I'm a regular somewhere, I think consistency is super important.
I'm such an F-A, for ordering the deluxe chili cheddar fries with cilantro n jalapeños, always and 9 times out 10 it's perfect.
Fries are freshly fried and crispy, ingredients are fresh with the right amount, quick efficient service, very welcoming with great big smiles no matter what.
That 1 out of 10, they must've used fries from 5 minutes ago.
Needless to say, out off all the eateries that surround my work area, I keep coming back for the tasty eats and awesome service.
Go del papas!
I mean, Del Taco.

Carne asada taco Spicy chicken burrito Delicious

Del Taco tonight.
Good when no one is around to cook.

Del Taco is like a good mexican TV dinner.
"Authentic Mexican Flavor" and it says so right on the box!
I'm not a fan of fast food, but it tends to be a necessity  at times.
Del Taco is my preference over Taco Bell as I just prefer the quality of the food is a bit better.

Best Del Taco experience to date.
I like that the crew was older, and not all teenagers.
This crew seemed to really care about the food, and its presentation.
There were full baskets of taco sauce on each table, and the kitchen area was clean.
You just cannot beat the fresh taste of their food, and the low price.

Best del taco in town hands down.
Staff is amazing.
Food is wonderful.
Can't ask for anything better.
Also just found out dining is open until 2am on most days and on the weekends, open all night!
Score!

