I loved this place - we used to live around the corner from it and would walk there and stumble back home from a night of drinking...  One night I decided to eat there, I figured, "Why not?
I'm here and if I get sick, Walgreen's is next door and I can walk there to get something to settle my stomach...or buy a pack of smokes!
"  After eating there, it became a place where hubby and I could meet friends at any time of the night since their kitchen is 24 hours.
It's a fun place for greasy food...and I fell in love with their Philly Cheesesteaks.
I don't know what it was, but I never had a bad philly cheesesteak there -- ever.
Best of all, we could have beer with our pancakes at 3am if we wanted.
Not many can boast about that...wait, maybe that's not something to be proud of.
At any rate, their breakfasts are great, too.
Hubby and I could split a stuffed french toast breakfast, but more often than not we didn't because he didn't want to share.
HAH!
The last time I was there with my cousin, I was a bit shocked at how different it was.
The clientele seemed a bit older and a lot more cranky.
Maybe we just got there at the wrong time, but it wasn't the Charlie's Down Under I remember getting ripped at and then stumbling back home at 4am.
Overall, I still love this place.

Not knowing they were awarded the 2010 Best Burger in Vegas (by a local newspaper), we were attracted by the exterior decor.
The inside was colorful (giant platapus...huge cowboy riding a crawfish...).
But the reason I really liked this place was the burger.
Note picture.
I considered dislocating my jaw to get that monster in my mouth.
Great service, very good burger (fried egg, bacon, cheese, burger, good veg accompaniment).
Check it out.

Okay, it's not "as good as it gets," but it's my "friendly neighborhood" saloon and the burgers are great, as are the BLT's and don't forget breakfasts there -- great American fare and great service -- Especially Theresa, who puts up with me.

My sister and I not really sure where we wanted to eat decided to come here.
Truly don't know why.
Maybe to just try a local spot.
It truly was not what I expected.
I was expecting a place with smoke everywhere, and the service to be poor for non regulars, but it was the opposite.
It couldn't be further from the truth.
The place was clean and smoke wasn't perfuming the air.
Our waitress was great and very sweet.
The food was also better than I thought it was gonna be.
It didn't get the Fat Charlie which has received acclaim from the LV journal, but I had a regular cheeseburger and it was well above average.
I really can't wait to go back and try the Fat Charlie.
This place was a delightful surprise for me.
It's definitely not what some people expect it would be.
Considering that it is A neighborhood saloon.

This place is dirty, dreary, depressing and filled with smoke.
The dentist music they play really LOUD is icing on the cake.
Yuck!

I can't tell you how the food was because we went almost 10 mins ( or the duration of 2 songs) without someone checking if we even wanted something to drink.
The people next to us looked like they didn't have anything on their table either and they were there before us.

Did more searching for Best Burgers in Vegas and found this place to be on LVRJ's ("Las Vegas Review Journal") 1st of 10 burgers mentioned in their article "Meet The Top 10 Burgers In Las Vegas" back in 2009.
Since I've been on a Burger Binge, I had to try this place!
Fat Charlie's Burger and Fries: comes with a fried egg, bacon and cheese.
Server even asked me how I wanted my egg..
I got it over easy (over medium may have been a good choice as well).
Yes, egg with burger has been done before, "Fat Burger" was the first rendition I've ever had a burger with egg.
But this place does it BIG!!
Quality of the patty was good overall, juicy enough and lightly seasoned.
Buns were proportioned well with the steriod pumped patty.
May want to jog around the block before and after a Beast like this!
Fries were the fat potatoey delicioius ones!
Went hand in hand with the burger.
Interesting enough, everything else in this place was Super sized!
They had a Huge wrap around bar filled with character - bikini tops/bottoms hung from the metal bar roof, super high warehouse type ceilings (you could stick a freakin' palm tree in there!
), Jumbo sized decorations hung from the ceiling - A Huge Marlin or Swordfish, Cowboy Riding a Shrimp.. Weird but Fun!
Sweet service, Great burger for a Great price, Unusual and Interesting Decor!
It was like eating outside a ranch but inside a building..
Dive Bar Gone Wild??!

Normally, I would give this place at least 4 stars, as they're food is pretty damn delightful.
However, I had to give it three for the lapse in customer service as of late.
I've been going to this place almost every month since I was 19 years old.
Yes, 19.
Recently I went in with four people, one of whom was under the age of 21, which had been no big deal the last 6 years I'd been going.
Apparently, this isn't OK anymore and we were asked to leave.
Normally I wouldn't be bitter, but it was done pretty  rudely.
Other than the stank waitress, the food is pretty good and the prices are decent.
Just watch out for falling dust from the eccentric Aussie decor.

I've been in this place a handful of times, and I guess I never reviewed them.
I was going to go in again tonight for late night happy hour so I could refresh myself, so I called in to make sure that still exists.
The girl that answered the phone told me there is no happy hour, late night or regular, and there never was.
REALLY?
I swore I went there with friends and ate $1 sliders.
Maybe the food is just always cheap?
I dunno, not sure if I want to go back to a bar that doesn't do a happy hour.

I've been going to Charlie's for years, but never had the fortitude to try the "Fatburger.
" Their burgers are very good, not what one gets at The Palm, but very good nonetheless.
In fact, I've never had anything there I've not enjoyed.
I could go on and make this "review" quite long, but this is just another Las Vegas pub, albeit one with good food and that's "reliable" in terms of food.
But, it's just a pub.
That said, I think Vegas has the most consistently good pub food that I've ever experienced.
Now I live near the Outside Inn -- and feel the same way about it.
Good food and no mistakes with regard to ordering anyting.

My mother and I googled good burgers in Las Vegas and they popped up for their Fat Charlie Burger.
So we checked it out and it's a dark bar setting, smelled of cigarettes as soon as you open the door.
We ordered TOGO since that was not a setting we'd sit in for lunch.
The burgers were good but the next day I checked my account only to find the waitress took the liberty of adding her own tip!
(I didn't leave one because it was just TOGO and no services were provided to myself or my mother, no drink etc.
) So I called the manager and his excuse was my bank did that not the server!
Poor poor poor service.
Will never go back.

I love this place for breakfast.
Great for a nice hangover breakfast without screaming, rambunctious kids.
No one under 21 is allowed in.
My usual waitress (totally blanking on her name atm) is super friendly and provides excellent service.
I love being able to get mimosas with my breakfast - which never fails to disappoint.
Nothing fancy or special, just delicious chicken fried steak, eggs bennie, French toast and everything else I"ve had there.

1st time I went here I lost $500 playing video poker at the bar.
Bartender very nice.
Comped my food and drink.
Next time in I lost $200 and they comped my beer, made me pay for the food but again bartender very nice.
Last time in I won $100, paid for my food and was totally ignored by the bartender.
She actually seemed like she was angry that I won and that it was an inconvenience to make change so I could tip the food waitress.
Too many other options out there to be treated like this.

It was a stormy evening, the rain was pouring down.
I had planned on going to Charlie's for MNF's kickoff double header as I was told it was a great MNF location.
I debated going since the 1st game was already underway and I was sure the place would be packed due to the game and the storm.
WRONG!
1st of all the place is bigger than it appears, but was primarily empty.
The staff almost outnumbered the customers and the service was still just ok.
I did like their happy hour and game specials, but still surprised how dead it was.
All of the TVs were tuned to the game, though most people there were oblivious to it.
The vast majority was on their cell texting or playing video poker and smoking like a chimney.
The food was very good and reasonable.
I went with the Stromboli which was excellent and more than big enough for left overs.
It was very fresh, hot and stuffed to the max making it delicious.
Washed down with a nice cold beer and even the less than perfect weather and crappy game it was a good night.
I was surprised how smoking the place was although it was primarily empty.
Guessing on the response of staff when the micro system went down twice in 2 hours, I would think it went down pretty often.
They were happy I could pay with cash as their credit card system was also down.
I'll give Charlie's my customary 2nd visit, but right now 2.75 stars is all I could give.

We walked in trying something new and never heard anything about this place from anyone, but it was close to the house and we didn't want to drive.
Anyways... we walked in and it was so dark and dingy, it was very quiet and it was the type of place where you can tell there were regulars, but not a whole lot.
We were about to turn around and walk out, just due to the ambiance, but decided to sit for at least one drink.
We were very surprised after...
The service was AWESOME!
So we decided to order some appetizers.
The food was unforgettable.
We were so impressed by it all.
So now it's one of our spots.
Just wish they would redecorate,  they would attract more people if they did... every time we go, it's always pretty empty.
Too bad, cus they have something going there.

Rude and disrespectful staff.
Bartender actually put a straw in my bottle drink and took a sip of my drink and his fingers all over the mouth of the bottle.
Gross!!!
Bar is dark and gloomy.
Avoid at all costs.

We haven't had a bad meal yet!
This place is for locals!
Super friendly staff, warm "local" environment, darn good bar food.
-I've ordered both the Charlie's San Francisco Burger and San Francisco Chicken Sandwich....I had the Chicken Sandwich yesterday and boy was it good.
My wife got the wings, which were spot on!
In addition, we also ordered the potato skins, which were also very good.
Drink glasses were always full and our waitress was so friendly; we love her!
-Overall, I would recommend this local bar pub to anyone in search of some good and satisfying bar food.

