This place is a dollar or two more expensive than your normal Chinese take out however the quality and service is a little  better than most of the other spots I've been to in Vegas.
There was no sesame chicken on the menu but there was no problem for counter people to make it happen- the cooks whipped it up.
The fried wontons were fresh and tasty, the Volcano Beef was amazingly good and the sesame chicken was spot on.
The leftovers held up pretty good and made for a good lunch the next day

Just okay.
My husbsnd hated it but I thought it would do in a pinch, but haven't been back in months.
Soups need improvement.
Staff was nice.

The Good - Orange Chicken.
It was standard issue.
Even if I was partying and desperate for munchables I wouldnt go to Diamond China 2.
Had 3 different beef dishes and everything from the veggie rolls to the fried rice to the main dishes had this overwhelming bitter taste.
It was dirty food.
I was honestly shocked that the orange chicken didnt have that same taste as it was most likely fried in the same oil.

I grew up going to the Meadows School which is caddie-corner to this place.
I can attest that it is the best place in Summerlin to grab lunch.
The food is just cheap and delicious.
I usually get either the orange chicken or kung pao lunch specials.
Both come with their egg drop soup, fried rice and 2 cheese rangoons.
The best part?
It's only $7 (including tax and tip!
)  Seriously, you have to try this place, you can't go wrong.
I've come here for dinner too, which is usually around $15 for their special.
You do get a lot more food, but it's hard for me to finish.
Specials come with an eggroll, two ragoons, and fried shrimp, with full size portions of fried rice and two entrees.
It's good just too much.

I eat here pretty frequently with my family.
Great place!
We usually get the "Family Dinner" which is $11.50 as of this writing per person (x2 for two adults).
Comes with your choice of soup, egg drop or wanton, and both are great.
Then a plate of egg rolls, fried shrimp and wantons.
Then your meal.
Favorites of mine include kung pao, and "chicken with black bean sauce.
"  All the while, you also get crispy wantons to eat and tea to drink.
Now the decor is slightly dated here but that is fine by me.
Everyone is super friendly and remembers us whenever we visit.
I think it is a great value and very good food for the money.
I have also gotten said "family dinner" to go, and they boxed it up perfectly fine, literally in a box so it was easy to carry.
I think they go the extra mile to make sure you have a good experience.
For a town built on that reputation I am telling you, such a thing is becoming harder to find and you should vote for good service with your hard earned dollars whenever you get the chance!

Have been craving Chinese food for about a year now.
Tried this place last night.
Let's just say that I'm still craving Chinese food.
Like pizza in Las Vegas, I still haven't found a good Chinese place here.
Granted I haven't been looking hard.
Got some take-out.
Lady on phone and who brought up food was super nice.
That earned them a star.
Wasn't sure what to get so I go a few things.
Got their egg rolls, BBQ ribs and Mongolian beef.
Egg rolls were first.
Were not like egg rolls I'm used to.
Wrap was flakey and had no meat in them.
More like spring rolls i guess.
The vege filling inside was still hard/raw and had no flavor.
No duck sauce!
Are you kidding me?!
Sweet n sour sauce for an egg roll?
Smh.
Now for the ribs.
Decent size until you realize that it's mostly fat.
I guess they ran out of BBQ sauce cause there was hardly any on them.
That's the best part!
Mongolian beef time.
Don't even want to talk about it.
Had a funny taste and was just not that good.
More spicy than flavorful.
Don't really want to try this place again.

The sweet smile and pleading eyes of the woman serving me begged me to love this restaurant..
Unfortunately, my love can only extend to her, and not the rest of this establishment..
The food was very cheap, and servers sweet.
I'll give them that, but those are the only good things I can say.
The egg drop soup , flavorless.
Actually had to add salt.
Egg rolls: so oily.. my hands were covered in oil from one egg roll.
The kung pao chicken..
I think it actually had jaelpeno's in it... Did not taste like kung pao chicken at all.
I sort of feel bad for people who've been raised here, and think this is what chinese should be..
This is nasty!
There's better chinese here; it just takes a good search to find.
Oh, my beer glass was covered in smudges and hard water stains... ick!

I like coming here because the service is excellent!
Every time I come in, they remember my drink, and what I ordered the previous time.
You get hot tea (which is amazing) as soon as you sit down, they take your order quick, and always keep your drink full.
I come for dinner, but sometimes stop in for lunch.
They have $5.00 lunch specials, that you get a ton of food with!
I like that it is hidden in sun city, not a lot of people know about it and I am always the youngest one in there!

This place is sub par.
The service is great and the staff are really friendly but the food is only edible at best.
My wife and I caught an early dinner here last night.
The decor was dated and the other patrons were all probably from Sun City, but whatever.
We ordered the dinner special which comes with soup, appetizers and two main courses.
We received the wonton soup first which was bland.
Then we got out appetizers that consisted of fried wontons, fried shrimp and egg rolls.
They were a bit greasy but edible.
Finally came our main course of orange chicken, mongolian beef and bbq pork fried rice.
The portions were a bit small and the food was flavorless.
I never had orange chicken and mongolian beef that tasted quite like this.
I mean I have had some terrible chinese food before, but the sauce they used for both dishes were pretty unique.
Again, everybody was incredibly nice and I really wanted to like this place, but my taste buds won out.
I know it's hard to find decent chinese food away from the spring mountain area, but there are definitely better than this(although I'm still searching for my go to place).

Excellent food and service

We order take away from this restaurant often.
The food is always yummy, ready on time and as promised, and the staff is friendly.
The prices and portions are also great.
We always have enough food for another meal or 2 afterwards.
Oh and the cheese puffs are AMAZING!
What more can you ask for in a restaurant?

Love reading the reviews on here....
If your ordering the Kung Pao or Orange Chicken... Let alone cheese puffs.. Then do yourself a favor & just go to Panda Express!
This place is close to the house & some what authentic enough to pass for Chinese.
If I don't have the time or energy to get real Chinese from Chinatown...
This place works in a pinch!
Yes.. Real Chinese.. Not American Chinese.
What I mean by real.. - KJ Kitchen, Cathay House, Bund Shanghai...

I've been eating here for about 20 years and is my hands down favorite place in Vegas.

A few days after being diagnosed with both strep throat AND the flu, I came here for some soup to go.
The lady at the front was very busy, but she quickly came to the front to greet me and let me know she'd be right with me.
I told her I'd be ordering take out and so she gave me their menu before tending to one of the guests at a booth.
She came right back, and I asked a couple questions about 2 of the soups and she explained exactly what was in them.
I chose the wor wonton soup and it was delicious!
It was piping hot, full of cabbage, very tender shaved pork, shrimp and lots of delicate wontons.
It also came with crispy wontons with sweet/sour sauce which I hope to enjoy once my throat is no longer sore.
I look forward to trying other dishes here soon.
They have a nice looking lunch special for only 5.00 too!
This is a small sit down place, but they also deliver, as well as allow take out.

It's ok I've had better but for the price not bad.
Orange chicken was ok, place looked clean, but the resturant was extremely hot inside looks like the had the A/C off

I have been going here since I was a little kid.
The food had always been consistent and delicious.
Even if I haven't been there in a while, the waitress always recognizes me and knows my order.
BEST WONTON SOUP EVER!

I also have been coming to this place for many many years with my family.
The prices are reasonable, it's close to home, and their menu has really yummy go-to's :-)  Personal recommendations: - Salt and pepper pork!
- not too salty, full of flavor and pretty hefty amount of food for ~$7 - Roasted Duck - I love duck, and I seriously think this duck is close to the best in the planet.
It's so moist, not overly drenched in soy sauce, and the skin has an awesome way of staying crispy!
It's bomb with white rice - Schezuan Chicken Salad - standard lettuce salad with wonton crisps and tons of chicken.
For dressing, it's a mix of chili peppers and soy sauce, and....while this dish isn't so complicated, and I have doubt that this is actually served in Schezuan, China...
It's still really tasty and I do have the occasional cravingzz for it   On another note, I've slowly been moving towards the vegetarian sides of things, and while this restaurant has some really awesome non-v options, there are only a few solely vegetarian options.
Their Schezuan Bean Curd is good but not so special.
It's basically just soft tofu in a thick, savory sauce.
Last, still no brown rice up in heaaa!
#saynotodiabetes

Horrible food very salty and greasy.
They forgot one of our orders but the food was so bad we canceled it and left you pay for what you get gross never again

Nice neighborhood Chinese restaurant w/the usual Americanized Chinese food.
Good lunch specials and family plan menu.
I enjoy the tofu and vegetables and their egg rolls.
Service is adequate and they speak English.
Don't expect Chinatown food but for quick, tasty chow mein or chop suey old school style this place works.

We moved away in 2008, but before that we lived in Vegas for 11 years & this place was our go to Chinese restaurant.
My buddy & I went 2 days ago & we were thoroughly disappointed, the soup was congealed & the main dishes were really greasy & not good.
I'm still a bit bummed, at least Archi's is still great for Thai.
It looks like the owner is still the same, perhaps they lost the chef.

It was our first tome after living in summerlin fir two years , and it was a  packed house on a sunday night.
We had the beef chow fun and salt/pepper shrimp.
The chow fun came with gravy, bit it was savory with bok choy, carrots and baby corn.
The shrimp was the right amount of crispand flavor .
All the seafood was decently priced , and probably have been the last ten years.
Friendly service, tasty food, will save me from always going to chinatown!

