I love this place, I had such a blast.
Basically, color me mine is a shop where you pick out pieces of pottery (salt shakers, figurines, plates, mugs, cups, etc..) and they provide you with brushes and the paint to create your own uniquely you piece of artwork.
I had never done it before, and I love creative things.
So on a 2nd date with someone I went here about a month and a half ago.
We both picked out coffee cups and went at it, it was probably one of the funnest dates i'd been on in a long time.
The people that work there are there to guide you, but it's really your own creative expression.
I used sponges, different types of brushes, and came up with my quasi homey-version of a Monet (think water colored floral) coffee cup.
My dates was filed with dinosaurs and toasters and god knows what else lol.
After you're done, they seal them and you pick them up about 5 days or a week later.
I never got to see my finished product, because the guy I was dating turned into a ska-douche.
So I can't really tell you what it looks like all sealed and pretty.
I would definitely recommend  it if you want a date night that's a little different.
Probably not good for a first or 2nd date because you have to wait a week to get back your items, and i'm the example on why it's a bad idea lol Gee, I can only wonder what it looks like.
Haha.
Love color me mine, and thank you guys for the experience.

Although I continue to think the pottery pieces at these stores are overpriced, I haven't found another place that captiivates kids of all ages, is interactive, uses skills other than TV watching, and allows parents to connect with their children.
Color Me Mine executes the paint your own pottery in an excellent fashion.
The pottery choices are varied and include masks, banks, plates, tea light holders, popcorn vases, and some disney and pixar characters.
The paints are well organized and there are many colors and brushes to choose from.
What stands this place out from others is the staff.
They are very friendly and helpful from changing your brush water to getting you extra paint before you even realize you need it.
Check in on Facebook to cut the sitting fees in 1/2.
Great place for a birthday party!

The staff was OK on our visit but really not all that helpful.
When I picked up the glazed plate my son painted there were small holes in the glaze showing raw ceramic.
Would we go again?
Possibly but we won't be rushing back.

I thought this would be an awesome date idea for me and my boyfriend!
Just had to try it.
Make sure to check-in on Facebook for half off on the studio price!
HOW IT WORKS: It's a ceramic studio filled with plain, unfired pottery pieces from christmas ornaments, cups, interesting mugs, plates, ice-cream shaped containers, dinosaur figures etc.
You pay a studio fee for each person participating ($8 for adults, $6 for kids) to paint, glaze, and fire the piece you choose.
Then, you get to choose from their wide selection of ceramic pieces.
Each item price varies depending on what it is.
It can be pricey ($3 - $40?
) There's plenty of pieces for $15-$25 from when I checked (mugs for ours).
This outing can be expensive, but pretty cheap if you plan on doing something small.
You get to use as much paint as you like (wide selection of different hues to get just the right one you envision!
), and for however long as you like.
Definitely fun to look at the different types of blues and purples they have.
There's plenty of tables set up with a slew of different brushes to use.
They also have lots of stencils (symbols, letters, numbers etc.
) for us artistically challenged!
The sponges, pencils, and markers are there to help you plan out your favorite design.
There's also a blow dryer there for you to use to get a coat to dry faster.
If you want to copy a specific image (example: logo) onto your piece, just ask the awesome staff there to show you how.
You can pull up the image on the computer they have set up there, resize it to your liking, and then print it.
They'll show you how to etch it on there using copy paper and you just trace it!
What ends up happening is that the image's outline you traced will end up on the piece.
And then you just go over it with paint.
If you're afraid of being clumsy with the paint brushes, there's no worries.
They have a pen-needle paint dispensers for each color (think of those kiddle glue containers, but way less bulky and the point is needle-thin) for you to hold like a pencil and use to paint for the detailed stuff (e.g.
handwriting a quote, numbers etc.).
Once you're done painting, just tell the someone and they'll do the glazing for you and you get a call to come back and pick up your piece around 4-7 days.
It's fun to see the colors saturate from pastel to bright hues!
Definitely a fun outing.
We went here for a night-time date and we didn't get to finish painting because of closing time.
Did not expect to take so long to decide what to design on our cups!
If you don't finish by closing time, no worries, they let you come back whenever you want to finish up (have your receipt ready) My suggestion is to definitely go during the day.
This place is perfect for kids!
Or for an outing with some friends.
Also a great choice for a date for your boyfriend or your girlfriend to make fun of each other and get creative.
I had so much fun here and the staff is really helpful!
They helped us out with lots of different techniques and for whatever questions we asked.
We hope to come back sometime soon =]

I have taken my two young daughters here for some painting time, but last Saturday my wife and I went by ourselves.
We were not feeling a movie so instead we did this.
The staff was helpful; we did not have time to finish our works of art but we are able to come in and finish with no additional studio fee.
They have a lot of options of items to paint and they carry different items so every time I see something new.
It's a little more pricey than a movie but it is really fun.

This is a fun place for people of all ages.
If you have kids, they would definitely enjoy this place.
If you don't have kids, you would enjoy this place.
When you walk in, you let them know how many people.
They give you a table and some paint brushes.
The paint brushes aren't te best, I would recommend looking at the ones by the paint for more options.
Then you just pick a piece to paint.
The nice part about the paint is that there's these smaller paint bottles with a skinny nozzle so make smaller lines that would be harder with a paint brush.
Downside: it gets kind of pricy.
There's some cheaper places I might prefer.
I think the cheapest one I saw was a $20 mug.
I think the experience is worth it though.

A lot of fun for adults and kids.
The cost is a little on the high side as many of the cheapest pieces run about $16-20.
Plus $8 adults and $6 for kids.
Staff is very friendly and helps to explain everything if you have never been there before.
Restrooms are clean and baby/kid friendly.

All of the previous reviews are spot-on.
I've been to Color Me Mine about half a dozen times and always enjoy the experience.
The staff is always friendly and helpful.
Be sure to inquire about various effects that you can be taught to make your pottery piece even more interesting.
They have stencils and stamps for those who are less artsy than others.

