With some trepidation, I chose to get my very first spray tan at Tan Factory.
I needn't have been so worried.
The staff was excellent, the facility was immaculate, and the equipment state of the art.
I was mostly impressed, however, with the young man who gave me instruction I could understand, and spoke to me like he had known me all his life.
It is rare these days to get the whole package, but this place has earned my business

First time to Tan Factory today.
The place was large and clean.
Drew at the front desk was very energetic and friendly.
I normally go to Bodyheat Tanning for the Versa Spa spray tan, but I bought a Groupon for Tan Factory.
The prices are the same and the facility is just as nice.
They also off the clear spray (without the bronzer) which Bodyheat does not.
I love this option since I feel the bronzer looks dirty once the tan starts setting in.
Unfortunately, there aren't too many locations in the city and Bodyheat is everywhere.
I will finish off my Groupon (4 spray tans) and then decide if its worth the drive.

Tan Factory... Oh man where to begin.
Anyone on yelp with reviews about their packages are NOT LYING.
And anyone reviewing the company well must be lying.
Now location to location you'll get different staff, which is the only positive remark ill make in this entire review following that the people who work at the charleston location I just adored.
They were clean and prompt..
Most of the time.
They don't try heavily to upsell the products, which was nice considering for unlimited tanning you're already looking at a price of around $100.
I'm not a serious tanner but was looking for a good salon since I'd just moved here from SF and was applying to jobs and hitting the end of the pool party season.
The groupon I started with was fair, $25 for 2 spray tans or 2 bed sessions, which you had to specify one or the other, not interchangeable.
But problem #1 I came to find I couldn't use two $25 two-spray coupons because they were one per customer to start.
Well OKAY I guess, so I gave the other one to my boyfriend for when he'd visit.
Mind you they had a 4-bed session $50-some groupon, but not a larger spray package for the same.
So by the end of my groupon they convinced me as a groupon customer I'd only pay $94 for unlimited.
I signed a contract and the young lady warned me that by signing I'd be promising a minimum of two months before I could cancel, and I said that was okay.
Through December and January I was a tan and happy camper.
Once end of January rolled around, however, holiday pay had ended at my job and hours got cut like crazy.
I knew I wasn't going to be able to afford my package till closer to summer when hours would come back around.
My last day of tanning for the month of january, I told the boy at the counter, who had informed me he was new (I asked since I'd never seen him among the other TF associates) that I wasn't going to be able to afford the package anymore and I wanted to cancel.
As I left I double checked with him that he understood what I needed from him, and he agreed and waved me goodbye.
What a relief I thought, and I'd see them in a few months (tear).
Around the end of May my credit card was reflecting numerous charges from something I'd never heard of, BodyHeat tanning, and I was extremely puzzled.
I went back a couple months and saw I'd gotten a charge of $5.50 for the months of February and March, stated as "TANFACTORY BODYHE LAS VEGAS NV" so I put it together and read these other reviews stating their name change.
So what made it okay for them to charge two months of $5.50, noneless I got the full package charge of $94 for all of April and May!
I hadn't gone since January 29th, and they scan your finger to attach to your account.
So there is proof I hadn't gone in forever.
I call the charleston store and they tell me to call corporate.
Of course it's a holiday weekend and a Saturday nonetheless so I had to wait until today, inching days closer to June where another month will be charged.
I left a voicemail with billing, no call returned.
So today I've now had to call billing back (THIS IS THE BEST PART) who tells me you need to petition by email or fax to get yourself unsigned with the company...
BUT YOU NEED TO DO IT 30 DAYS IN ADVANCE!
I ask her where this is stated and she says in the contract I signed half a year ago.
So not only have I been charged $300 for not showing up somewhere, but no one, including the young man at the counter, the manager, nor the girl who signed me up, told me this ONCE.
So thank you Tanl Factory, or BodyHeat, or whoever the hell you guys are, for sucking us into this nonsense.
Now maybe I should've read the fine print and asked more questions before signing, but as someone who works in retail opening credit accounts through an outside company my CUSTOMER SERVICE knowledge pushes me to discuss the pamphlet we give to new account holders, nonetheless I urge customers to read it as give them a quick brief on what to expect, such as our extremely high interest rate and the issues that come with revolving accounts.
So point being that though the staff is friendly and kind and the place is kept clean (what more do they have to do besides sit on their phones at the desk), the customer service regarding these death contracts are just not worth it in the long run unless you're tanorexic and come enough and you have a extremely steady job to support this madness.
You'd think with so much time on their hands they'd explain the fine print.
You'd have a better shot elsewhere my fellow yelpers, and mind you I don't write negative reviews EVER.
I prefer to praise a company rather than write a bad review, but I've had just enough of this BS.

