Would not use them.
They could not even get a surprise flower delivery executed correctly.

The reason why I ordered a wristlet for my son's prom date was because I saw it on Sun City Florist website.
The photo of the wristlet and the price on their site is very deceiving.
When I placed the order I chose a different bracelet, they told me the price would be a bit more which was fine since it was an upgrade.
The amount of flowers on the site is way more than the actual wristlet.
They were to use black ribbon with a bit of coral to combine the color of the tux and the date's dress.
They didn't do that.
What I ended up getting was a wristlet with the pearl bracelet (as on the site) with one large white rose bud and 3 little ones and all white ribbon.
When I questioned the pricing she told me "that's the old pricing" ($15 difference) I ended up paying $37.50.
The lady who I dealt with told me that they would 'adjust ' the issue the next time I order from them.
I told her I wouldn't be going back.
So buyers beware... You don't get what you pay for...... Don't bother with the website since the pricing is OLD!

I received a surprise bouquet from my sweetheart for Valentine's day, and it was the most gorgeous arrangements of flowers I have ever received!
The entire arrangement was personalized, it had all of my favorite flowers, and even the vase was personalized, including my favorite color.
My boyfriend said that he was able to have a representative in the shop help him completely personalize it from start to finish, and the service was great.
I would highly recommend Sun City-Summerlin Flowers to any and everyone!

My wife and I used Sun City Florists in summerlin in April 2013 for our wedding.
When we initially met with Lance, we left the florist feeling excited and much better about our wedding planning since we were trying to plan a Vegas wedding from Dallas.
I have nothing but good things to say about lance and the team there.
We were referred to them from a family member who told us that they have high quality flowers, and they didn't disappoint.
Lance and his team did an absolutely incredible job with all of the flowers at our wedding.
We received a lot of compliments from our guests on how beautiful the arrangements were.
Lance was so easy to work with and truly is an artist.
We can't thank him and everyone at sun city florist enough.

I've been a loyal customer for 3 years.
Phenomenal on time service with great products and quality.
They know me by name, great personal service, and absolutely willing to satisfy orders.
Best example: I needed lilacs for my fiancée in October.
Every florist around said there was nothing to be done.
These guys said they'll make it work.
For a reasonable price, I had a bushel of lilacs shipped from Holland five days after order.
You can't ask for that type of service

I am so upset!
It is my aunts birthday today and every year I send her flowers because I know no one who loves flowers more than she does.
For over 10 years I have used French Bouquet and loved every single arrangement they have put together.
this year however they had a small selection of flowers so I found Sun City-Summerlin Flowers and ordered from them.
The biggest mistake I have ever made.
I asked for an arrangement made out of tulips and paid $130 and what arrived was a sorry 8-10 half dead tulips with no design at all.
I am calling them tomorrow to demand my money back and will reorder from french bouquet!!!!!

