This is a great non-denominational Christian Church.
Their motto: Come as you are.
You can't help but feel good coming out of one of their sermons.
It's not the doom and gloom stuff you might hear at some other places.
Everyone is very friendly.
They have a family room right outside the main auditorium for those with little kids.
They also have a nursery for infants and classrooms for kids.
Overall, I think there's something for anyone who is interested.

I heard of this church through my boss, and I absolutely love it!
They're motto is 'come as you are' and they aren't kidding!
I'm used to my other church where we always dressed up, no jeans, skirts and high heels haha which was fine but with this church your not so concerned with how you look.
It's about learning and building your relationship with God, which SHOULD be more important.
Overall, the people are friendly and the services are fun and understandable, I've considered it my new home :)

LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
Always feel better about myself after I leave!

Another great day today!
Also, loves that GOD is finally making an appearance in my life again and showing me that I do deserve happiness.

I love this church!
The music is amazing, the people are very nice and its a very blessing place.

great church, I'm not into all the music that kicks off the service, it's typically a three song set 3- 5inutes a song, and I have bad knees and a surgically arthritic ankle and I would rather sit but everyone is standing and I would feel so guilty sitting.
So my advise here is this is the time to show up 10-15 minutes after the service starts.
I also love that they have services on Saturday (1600 and 1800 hours) Pastor Odor is great, prior to service he is always around for a quit chat either about Christ or the football scores.
The services are not up-down-up-down-kneel-pray-bow- high-five.
Very modern and up to date involving Christ with current day issues as well.
If you believe in God and are the fence to start coming back to church I highly recommend coming here or Central Christian.
You will fell welcome and get involve in the community outreach programs too.

I've been attending this church recently.
Overall, it's nice and much like the style of churches I typically like.
However, I'm not a fan of the auditorium seating.
All in all, they have a good message and they are very friendly.

I love this church!
Its easy going and fun!

This is a very friendly, nondenominational church with tons of programs for kids to get involved in.
My kids enjoy it and the Pastor has a gift for entertaining yet inspirational sermons.
It's a huge church, but parking is not a big issue since they have cops directing traffic in and out.

I've been coming here for more than 10yrs and I've always felt welcome.
They love for people to volunteer but at the same time there's no pressure.
Their slogan is "come as you are" and they really mean it!

This church feels so comfortable to me!
I've never felt so good about a church as I do this one!
My son will ask me every now and then if he can go to church with me (he's usually with his dad on Sunday's).
IF you are looking for a church that's not pushy and you like the idea of of coming to church as you are....this is the one for you!!

Love this place.
Pretty big, but very upbeat and modern.
Love the motto "come as you are"

love this place, they give a great non-judgemental service everyweek that makes you leave feeling inspired and charged for the week to come

Love this church!
It's where I got saved.
It's amazing and it's motto is "Come as you are" it's modern and fun.
It keeps you engaged with its modern take with videos, skits, and pictures.
If I still lived in Vegas I would be here every Sunday.
Canyon Ridge will forever be in my heart.

This is a great christian chuch in the northwest.
Large campus with great services for adults, young adults, and of course kids.
They have speakers on a regular basis which are national names, like Tim Tebow, as well as many great christian authors/pastors.
The music is not TOO LOUD, the service is always uplifting and Pastor Odor is a great preacher.
If you are looking for a great church in the Northwest, you have found a big church with a down home feel.
Praise the Lord and Thank you Jesus for all you have done!

I'm not a fan of this church.
I went here a long time ago, when I still considered myself a Christian (I don't identify with that label anymore, but I did when I came here).
I came to several services, and was never welcomed.
I never felt that I was welcome there at all.
No one would verbally say hello.
I personally feel that these HUGE churches are not good...how are you going to have fellowship with people when there is such a huge number of people...its impossible to know if someone is new or not.
Parking was always a nightmare, and the messages seemed kind of canned to me.
but...that being said, I encourage anyone to try it out.
Just because it wasn't for me doesn't mean that it won't reach or help you.

As an out-of-towner, I chose this church based on their reviews.
The pastor did not bring up The Lord or any bible study.
Instead, spoke about the finances of the church and even had a guest speaker who spoke about finances as well.
I decided to go on a hike afterward and felt the Lord's presence.

Ive been going to Canyon Ridge for a while now.
Ive got to say I enjoy how they go through series to help you understand the word of God.
There motto of Come As You Are is great.
It makes me feel like they want me here because of who I am not what I wear.
Canyon Ridge is excellent for children and young adults also.
The word of God is strong here at Canyon Ridge and the spirit of Christ will uplift you through out the day.
Come in and give it a try......remember come as you are.
The next series is called "The Story"

I love this church!
The absolute best for families and people of all ages.
Kevin Odor is awesome, as well as the others.
My family loves the music they play and the songs they sing.
It's so inviting and the slogan, "Come as you are.
" means no judgement whatsoever.
God bless!

Love this church, and my teenagers love coming here!
It is never a fight getting them up and going on Sundays.
Music is uplifting and the message is always what we need to end our week and a fresh start to a new week.
I've been attending church here for 2 years and now live in south Vegas (near south point) it's worth the  drive

