I get my haircut here by Ramona.
My old stylist who worked here left 9 months ago and I was assigned Ramona.
She's a great stylist and cuts my hair the way I like it.
It's very convenient for me as I workout at the 24 Hour Fitness next door and shop at the Von's in the same shopping center.
I've been very pleased with the customer service here.
I don't have any opinions on the other services they provide because I don't use them.
Will I return?
Absolutely!

Do NOT go there for waxing services!
I went there to get my legs waxed and had the most horrible experience ever.
The woman who attended to me did not know how to wax - not even that skin needs to be held tight in order to really remove hair.
She applied wax and very gently peeled off the strips so I was left with a lot of wax-covered hair.
At the end she asked me to take a look and I found large sections where no hair had been removed.
I had to walk her through it but she still couldn't pull off the strips in the right way.
And did I mention that she burned me in a few places with this special microfiber wax she recommended?
I had to go home and shave most of my legs which was painful because of all the burns...
I couldn't wear jeans because they were too rough for my scarred skin and I couldn't go out wearing skirts or dresses.
I paid close to $100 for a lot of pain.
The salon should seriously consider changing its waxing practices before they get sued by someone.

Yesterday I was waxed by Theresa at Posare.
I have been getting brazilians now for about 5 years and honestly it was the best wax I have ever had.
Thersea was so professional and it was obvious that she has a ton of experience.
Not only was she great the staff at the front was so friendly and welcoming.This salon is starting to look great in the middle of their remodel , can't wait to see what it looks like when I go back next month!

I LOVE this salon!!!
I have been coming here for 3 yrs and Lynne has always done fantastic work.
I have a lot of very thick curly hair and receive many compliments and give her lots of referrals.
Lynne and some of the other girls are professional and artistic, not only everyday styles and wedding/formal do's.
It took me a long time to find a great stylist and I don't plan on changing anytime soon!!

I have definitely experienced better.
I purchased a pretty good eyebrow threading deal ($10 for 3 sessions) here.
I was late for my first appointment, but I called ten minutes before I was suppose to be there to let them know I'd be late.
No problem.
The lady that did my eyebrows seemed to be a little irritated though and she never smiled (aside from when she was telling me she also offers massages and facials).
I knew my eyebrows were kind of messed up before going into my appointment since I was just plucking for a while.
After she finished threading, she told me they wouldn't look very equal because they need to grow out more and be fixed.
It didn't look like she did very much, but clean the areas around the brows.
It wasn't that big of a deal though since I figured they were just too jacked up at the moment.
I was on time for my second appointment.
I wasn't greeted when I walked in and I told the lady I had an appointment.
She picked up the phone to call the threader, but didn't say anything to me after that.
Five minutes pass and she's not there yet.
Ten minutes pass, still no one and the front desk lady hasn't said a word to me about how long I should wait or where the threader is, but she's very sweet and accommodating to the other customers, whom I'm assuming are regulars.
She would greet them, tell them, "oh it'll just be about 5 minutes before we bring you in," tell them to help themselves to some coffee or water.
I was pretty irritated considering I'd already been waiting ten minutes and she never said a word to me about my wait, greeted me, or even offered any beverages.
Finally, after a 15 minute wait, the threader comes in with one of her coworkers, laughing and talking as if SHE WASN'T 15 MINUTES LATE.
She tells me to follow her to the back where her room is, but doesn't apologize a single time.
Yes, I was almost 20 minutes late to my first appointment, but I CALLED before my appointment time to let them know I was going to be late.
She didn't bother to be so courteous and neither did the front desk girl.
A simple warning from either of them would've given this place another star, but sitting there watching how the front desk girl treated everyone else other than me really annoyed me.
The session was done within 5 minutes and I felt like nothing was really done except for cleaning around the brows.
I literally could've done that myself, but instead, I drove 25 miles just to get it done here.
She told me my eyebrows were getting much better though since I was letting them grow out.
However, I noticed they were VERY uneven when I got home.
One eyebrow was noticeably higher and thicker than the other one.
I thought it was just me being very nitpicky, but when I went to another eyebrow threading place a couple weeks later, I was told that they were very uneven and they thought I was doing my eyebrows myself.
They were able to even it out in one session and my eyebrows look much better now, no thanks to Posare Salon...
I was pretty annoyed with my last experience here that I even flaked on my 3rd appointment which was already prepaid.
I just don't like the staff and quality of services done here.
If you don't live in the area, it's not worth the drive at all.

Do not go here for color or highlighting services.
It took me a year to baby my hair back to health after they totally destroyed it attempting to give me highlights... something I have had done since I was 13.
Ended up with white/yellow blown out, brittle hair.
There are other horror stories in the "filtered" review relating to color, you should read before you risk going to Posare Salon~

If you want a great nail job, go there and ask for LINA.
She is old school on her work and when you have her pedicures you will not want to try anyone else.
She is great on nails also.
I have been a cilent of hers for over 20 years and I would never go to anyone else.
I used to fly back from where ever my husband was working just to have her do my nails, that is how great she is.
Try her and see.
Ask for Lina Davenport  I don't know about the hair stylist there  or the massages but I will tell you Lina is the bestmanisurest ever.

Monet McRay cut and colored my hair and has for years.
She is amazing.
I have very curly, blonde hair and she knows exactly how to take great care of it.
I would recommend her to anyone looking for a great cut, color, and any other hair services.
She does great on men and children, too!
As for the salon, the ambiance is not there.
It's not a relaxing "spa" setting as they advertise.
I do not receive any other services at this salon for this reason.

Horrible experience!!!
Was charged $400.00 for my granddaughter and myself.
For a trim and highlights!!!
Brassy blotchy mess!!!
The girls name was Andrea, she's 22 and says she works on commission.
$50.00 for a trim is ridiculous!
If I get a great haircut AND color, then I have no problem.
But when I asked her why my granddaughter had blotches and brassy hair, she blew me off.
Stay away from this salon.
Fantastic Sams does a better job I'm sure for a lot less.

I love this salon.
I go about every 3 weeks to see Sorina for gel manicures.
She has very good prices and my nail polish lasts about 3 whole weeks.
The ladies at the front desk are always very friendly and greet everyone immediately when they walk in.

I have been getting my eyebrows done by Sadia Tarrar since 1999.
She is meticulous and always does a perfect job at the most reasonable prices.
Will fix any botched eyebrow job without a wince (believe me I have been there).
Her services include facials, mani pedis, waxing, threading, etc.
HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend her for all of the above and cannot sing her praises enough.
She is absolutely wonderful and would NEVER let anyone else in Vegas touch my face.

I had a gel manicure groupon.
Came in early to look at nail color swatch and decide on a color.
When I arrived I was informed my nail tech was running 15 minutes late...
I said it wasn't a big deal because I wanted to look at colors anyways.
The woman at the front desk said that she thinks the color swatch was at the nail tech's station .
So I wasn't able to look at it during the 25 minute wait for my appointment.
that's 25 minute past my scheduled appointment.
My nail tech came after 25 minutes and said she was obviously running late.
I forgot if she apologized or not...., Without any offense, the clientele and the staff were more mature and maybe that's why I felt a little out of place.
I would rather pay $5 extra for prompt, attentive service, a more fun environment, and friendlier staff.
most  definitely not coming back.

The best Aesthetician EVER!
Vonya will have you in and out of her waxing studio within 15 minutes for alomost any combination of services.
She's professional and manages to make you feel comfortable immediately (come on ladies, you know why this is important).
I've been going to her for years, I would rather go au naturel than find a sub-par substitute.

I took my son here to get his hair cut for the first time because his regular person was off today.
He has school pictures tomorrow so I was in a pinch.
Chastity did his hair cut and I told her what we wanted and she was amazing.
Did a great job.
Price was 9.00 cheaper than our regular place too.
I would go back again.

This is a beautiful salon!
Dana (in pink) does an excellent job with color, highlighting and cut and I always leave there a happy client!
I have seen her transform her clients with extensions as well, making them feel and look glamorous!
Definately go to Posare and see Dana.

Got my eyebrows waxed by vanya, and I must say I am thoroughly impressed.
It was a nice set up, relaxing, organized, and most importantly I liked my eyebrows.
I will be back!
With Vanya!

