JC Wilson is the best vet in Vegas -- period.
I drive an hour to take my vizsla (our 2nd) to him -- and I wouldn't dream of complaining -- or (shock/horror) changing doctors.
Bad vets, in my opinion, aren't worth spit.
Good vets are miracle workers.
Really good vets are saints.
JC is even better than that.
(I know these are big words -- but seriously...I have grounds...)  First, If you have a hunting dog, he's your guy.
But more importantly, he has to be one of the kindest most sensitive vets I've ever met.
When my first vizsla was tragically and senselessly killed by a hit and run ass, I tried to call him, but I was too hysterical for the operator to understand me -- it was probably for the best -- he wouldn't have been able to help us in time.
But when I told him about it a few weeks later (when I was finally beginning to function again), JC wept.
He loved my dog almost as much as we did.
He knew how much we hurt because he lost a dog tragically too (it's a very sad story).
About a month later, my husband surprised me with a new vizsla puppy and I was terrified the same thing would happen, but between him and JC, they convinced me that the puppy would help me heal and love me so much I'd begin to forget how badly I hurt.
I didn't believe them -- but they were right.
Now our new baby is a big boy and somehow I've moved forward.
You have to when they need love, and exercise and food and water and friends... life is funny that way, huh.
If you're new to Vegas and you have a four legged family member and you're confused and shocked like I was at how to find a reputable doctor (and you've heard the horror stories), go see Dr. Wilson.
I grew up working in a vet practice owned by our closest family friend -- he's my benchmark for good vets and I never thought I'd ever find one that came close to my hometown vet -- but JC does.
If I could only find a doctor for my husband and me that I like as much as JC!!

There are 2 vets here, Dr. V and Dr. Wilson.
Both are good, but I HAVE A SERIOUS vet crush on Dr. V.  He is straight forward, patient, and kind.
He never suggests or insists on procedures that are unnecessary, and often.... vets do.
Kind of like auto mechanics or plumbers.
Who am I to say my dog doesn't need an abdominal flush?
Well, no worries here.
He is the best vet I have had, no matter where I have lived.
It's a small business, and everyone is nice.
sometimes the staff are a little frazzled, but they are always working hard and don't leave you hanging.
I am so grateful for the tip on this vet.
I'll stick with him for my fur babies as long as I'm in the NW valley.

Not sure why their are not more reviews.
These two guys and the staff have to be the best animan hospital in Las Vegas.
We've been going this office since 2004.
We've spent at least 5 - 7 thousand dollars in that time.
We don't regret one dime.
Both Dr's V and Wilson are straight forward, don't recommend or do procedures that are unecessary.
I've never once questioned what they propose.
We've lost some our best friends, but it's never by an action or non-action of these doctors.
All of our kids have been older rescued dogs.
We cherish the time they give us and in return give them the best in medical care.....This medical group has always exceeded any expectation we had.
Give this animal hospital  a try...

I took Yogi bear here to get all his shots!
Dr. Wilson and Dr. V is a friend of my bf's family and they have been going to him for 15-20 yrs!
Yogi bear and I are pleased with Dr. Wilson's and Dr. V service!
:)   My family are also very please with their service they have made Mr. Wilson and Dr. V their primary Vet.
Plus the service is very affordable.

I have been bringing my pets here since I was a little girl.
There has never been one issue with Dr. V he is great.
What I appreciate is when it is your turn to go back with your pet he takes all the time you need to ask any questions you might have.
Dr. V also never suggests doing procedures unless very necessary in keeping my fur babies in good health.
If it something he can't do then he suggests where I can go to get the proper medical attention for my fur babies.
No matter where we live in town we have brought our pets here because we are familiar and comfortable.
So long as Dr. V is the one they can see them.
I don't feel Dr. Wilson is very compassionate and just feel comfortable making appointments with Dr. V. Through all of the years I have brought my various fur babies here, Dr. Wilson has always rushed through the visits and when I had to put one of my precious babies down on this last visit he just had no sign of compassion.
It is too hurtful to comment any further.
I have had issues with the front desk workers a few times as they seem flighty or make errors when paying for a bill but it isn't them taking care of my pets and they are a majority of the time friendly.
They have some adorable fur babies of their own behind the desk that seem very well behaved.
I use to keep a couple of their business cards in my purse so that if I come across anybody looking for a great vet I can give them one.
I have had a couple people so far go here based on my recommendation and were very pleased with Dr. V and their experience.
Basically this is a old school vet that I will continue to go to for basic needs like shots, meds, & nail trimmings when needed.

Hands down the best Drs.
I trust them with all my dogs.
There kind, cost effective, and have your dogs well being there main priority.
You guys do an awesome job keep up the amazing work!

The docs are wonderful and prices affordable.
They've been our vets since we moved to Vegas (8 years!
) and I'm sticking with them!

Kind friendly staff!
You can tell they love their job!
They're very gentle when it comes to the handling of their patients and explan everything in a very simplistic manner for those of us that aren't quite familier with the inner workings of our pets.
Needless to say, I will be back again, my only hope is that I won't have to (crossing my fingers that Chloe is over feeling icky forever)!

I took my cat there for an open sore that she had on her leg.
I told Dr. V that I suspected ringworm.
He did a UV light test (quick, easy and no charge) and told me he didn't think that it was ringworm.
He said there were more extensive tests we could do but that he suspected an allergy or that she was scratching and biting due to anxiety.
He gave me two options, a steroid shot or a cream.
The cream was about half the price of the shot so we went with that.
I asked what he would do and he said he would probably go for the shot since the results were quicker but did not make pressure me to do it or make me feel guilty for choosing the cheaper option.
When I checked out the receptionist mentioned that if she had to come back in the next 3 months to be re-checked that there would be no fee for the office visit ($40).
That was a big relief because an unexpected vet visit was already out of our budget so I was relieved to know that if the treatment didnt work I wouldn't have to worry about the cost of the office visit when bringing her back.
Luckily though we saw improvement within a couple days and haven't had to go back.
Even though this office is not the closest to us I will always take my animals there from now on.
I love that there weren't any hidden fees and I was informed of my options and not pressured or guilted into the most expensive treatment.
And they were open on Sunday!
And I forgot to mention, no office visit fee if you are bringing your pet in for routine shots/vaccines.

I have three dogs, and have been to the vet plenty in the last 8 years.
I have only been here once, but my experience was great.
The staff was really, really friendly and patient with me and my dogs.
I didn't wait very long, and the vet stayed and answered all my questions clearly.
Spent more time with me than my primary care doctor!
They didn't try to sell me anything, and actually told me it was just a virus, and to come back if there were signs of a secondary infection.
My previous animal hospital would have done blood work, chest xrays, prescribed antibiotics and hundreds of dollars later, my dogs would still just have a virus.
Even better?!
The visit for two of my dogs was $40, total.
Previous vet wanted $42/dog.
Also got info on their teeth cleaning which is SO much more affordable.
I haven't been able to properly care for one of my dog's teeth because the cost at the other vet was $500 more.
They care about the animal's health first, its obvious.
Considering I liked the care so much more, and the prices are insanely lower, this is definitely our new vet!

biscut and koa come here all the way from the sf bay area for shots and teeth cleaning we came here when we lived here.
Now that we moved out we still find that the prices are unbeatable!!
we get both the boys teeth cleaned for same price I would pay for 1 in sf.
The staff is always friendly you can tell they are true animal lovers !
keep being great !

My family and I have been coming here for more than 20 years.
They have always taken excellent care of all the cats and dogs I have had over the years.
Everything always seems to be completed in a timely manner.
They are very reasonably priced and are not going to try to talk you into unnecessary tests or procedures.
They are open on the weekends and have always squeezed us in for those unexpected emergencies.
Both vets are very compassionate and truly care about their furry patients.
I would recommend them to anyone in need of veterinary services.

Been coming here for over 10 years!
Love these two docs and love how they simplify things for real life.
They don't gouge you on their prices either.
They provide proper care and do what's necessary.
They are honest and matter of fact.
If things escalate to where the price gets overly expensive, they lay out ALL of your options and help you make educated decisions about your pet's care.
Thank you, Dr. V and Dr. Wilson and all of your wonderful, polite and friendly staff.

I can't say enough good things about this veterinary clinic.
Their staff are all very friendly, accommodating, and knowledgeable at their jobs, and the docs are great!
I called yesterday because our dog had a gland issue and they literally told me to bring him in and they would see him (even though they had a full waiting room).
They did surgery and we had our dog the same afternoon.
The Vet explained everything in detail and answered all of my questions.
Their pricing is also very fair, and the care that they provide is awesome!
Big thumbs up for this business!

I can't say enough good things about Dr. V and Dr. Wilson.
They are both caring and very educated.
We have taken our 3 dogs here for 3 years now and after many appts we are still happy.
They keep things simple, they don't gouge you or over sell you rx's or procedures.
They give our dogs good quality care and we won't go anywhere else.

These guys are AMAZING!
So kind and caring and actually take the time to talk to you and your pet.
And did I mention reasonable?
I used to take my guy to Sun City Animal Hospital but now I will only go here!
Can't say enough good things about this place!
:-)

