This place is hit and miss, but when its good its REALLY good.

So last night after a few brews at Santa Fe Mining Company I decided to check out Dimas Tacos.
It is in the next parking/building area and I have of course seen it a few times but never seemed busy so I was unsure if I should try it.
Well Last night buzzed hunger overcame and I did.
I ordered the Lengua (tongue - usually cows tongue) Tacos and the Tacos Al Pastor (shepherd's-style tacos) made of pork, were both very good.
Tons of meat and nice refreshing Pico De Gallo (rooster's beak) which some also call Salsa Fresca.
They were both hot fresh and mouthwateringly delicious.
Of course could be that I was tipsy LOL but they really were Nom Nom Nommy.
I also ordered some Churros (a long, slender, deep-fried pastry coated with sugar and cinnamon) they were very yummy, hot and fresh.
I talked to another customer there (who turned out to be a Sin City Roller Girl - Props to her) and she said she has come a few times.
I would also like to note that the place was really clean, a easy menu consisting of names with pictures for us tipsy folks ;p  I will definitely be going back :)

I have been here a few times.
I think this place is definitely better than the other common Mexican family chain taco places.
I had the shrimp burrito.
At first I was kinda iffy ordering shrimp.
In the end it was worth the risk.
It was the perfect amount of spiciness where it makes you sweat a little but you cant stop eating it.
My friends dad got the mole chicken and he swears it was just as good as his ex wife's.
I know of several other people that live in the area that also rave about this place.
They have dinning tables but its more of a order your food to go place.
They cook the food fresh so it will still be piping hot when you get home.

I found this place on yelp and since it received good reviews decided to try it out.
Right when you walk in you see the cash register and the bright yellow menu to your right.
About 20 seats and 6 tables, a salad bar like Roberto's.
The menu is a lot like Roberto's but a few items that are different.
They serve breakfast, so hey all you breakfast people here's a place to try.
Now down to the food...I ordered the chimichanga which is a deep fried burrito.
It was delicious!
It wasn't watery like some other places because of the grease or meat.
When I cut it in half no grease or water was filling my plate so that's a plus.
I would totally come back to this place since I want to try the churros and some other things on the menu.

good food  and that what matters.

I would say that Dima's is a nicer version of Roberto's.
The service is always friendly, the food always fresh and the prices can't be beat!
I love to get the chips and guacamole for a late night treat.
The portions are generous for the price too.

Best I have found in Vegas

Everything is good except the tortas just feel plain for some reason.. My kid's love eating here  you can't go wrong dam tortas keeping me from giving them 5 stars!

Friendly people.
$1 chicken tacos everyday.
Very tasty.
Quick service.
I wish they would maintain and clean the place more though.

