Terrible Herbst is I think one if not the best "local" owned gas station chains here in Las Vegas.
This one in particular has a Mc Donald's built in with it, (Don't make me go there.
Read my McD's review.
;p) as well as an oil change and car was in the same area.
The staff always seem nice and I tend to like the late night staff better as they seem a little more "crazier" and well for working at a gas station at night I think it's needed as it can be a little shady sometimes at night in Las Vegas.
Be sure if you are buying any kind of alcohol or tobacco that you have your ID ready as they WILL ask you for it even if your 90 years old.
They have the usual gas station assortment of treats, needs, and drinks as well as a Crispy Cream display, which in my opinion is great for those late night munchies runs on the way home from the bar.
I have never seen any trouble here and generally at night, there is usually a highway patrol car or another cop car parked close by.
(Bet it is the Crispy Cream Display!
)  Don't be afraid to check this place out if your around.
Best Regards, James "Culinary Schmooze" Williams

I used to go to a competing car wash down Craig Rd, but was scared off by the constant picking at my windshield in an attempt to find (or make?
) chips to repair through my insurance.
I discovered this quick, reliable car wash establishment that doesn't cost an arm or a leg, doesn't try to upsell your, and does a great job in getting my car clean.
It's also nice that they provide free vacuums and an area in which you can apply those final touches to your clean vehicle.
If you're looking for someone to take your car and do the interior, this isn't the place to go, but then again, those places always try to upsell you and the additional cost of tipping someone to wipe down the dash of your car.
If you want quick and easy service at a good price, this is the place!

5 star car wash, expensive gas, horrible wait time at the lube especially if you want a smog check.
There is a McD inside which is a plus.
Just ok.

Great.
Car Wash

The clerk was very rude.
He asked several inappropriate questions about how much I get paid at my company.
Was on his cell phone talking to someone in between his conversations with customers.
The store was in good condition with the shelves stock but untidy.
There was a kid that was in the store attempting to get a lighter or matches from the clerk.
The clerk did not greet any of the customers that Lockton and even when I said hello he did not respond or reply.

Inside is just okay; it's a very small convenience store.
The gas prices are usually pretty high here because they want people who just come off the 95 to pay more!
probably the only convenient thing about this gas station is that it IS off the highway and easy to access.
there is a connected McDonald's inside for the hard-core road trippers.

