What a great place to spend a few hours!!!!
Unlike the roller rinks from my youth, the Crystal Palace on Rancho is extremely clean.
Seriously, even the carpeting is clean!
They play great music, have a good deal for parties and serve pretty decent food.
I highly recommend spending a day skating your heart out here!

I used to go here all the time when I was younger.
I went (after the bar) with a few friends as a joke one night and it sure was different.
I remember it being packed on Friday/Saturday nights and there were maybe 30 people there when we went.
Of course, nothing is ever the same as when you're little.

I took my kids skating here, and quite frankly the place was terrifying!
Very ghetto!
And scary.
My husband is a big dude, and I was still nervous.
There were girls ages 11-13 talking amongst themselves about  fallatio.
I would NEVER drop my daughters off there, and I don't even like what they see/hear when I am there.
I booked a birthday party for my youngest daughter and they don't have private rooms like the Boulder Hwy rink, they cost more than that rink, they require a non-fundable $25 deposit to book (the other one doesn't), they don't have invitations for you, you have to print them online (I don't have a printer), and they are not friendly.

Great place to go on the days and evenings where it is an organized school event.
This business does support our local schools with skating parties.
Yet I went one open afternoon and the parents were crude and rude and their kids were cursing up a storm too.
We could not wait to leave.
The facility itself is nice inside, but the crowd can really color the environment.

Tuesday night is Family night, you get 4 skate rentals, a pizza and 4 drinks for $20.
It's an economic way to get the kids out of the house and get a little exercise.
The decor of this place looks like it was saved from the 70s, right down to the loud carpet and disco ball.
The location isn't the greatest, and I sometimes worry for my car when i have to park further away from the building.
The clientele is sort of the same, so I wouldn't ever feel safe leaving my kids there alone.
The food is typical of what you would expect from a skating rink.
The pizzas are frozen Digiorno.
They sell pizza by the slice for $1.50.
They also have hot dogs and nachos.

Zero stars this place has the worst customer service ever.
Out of maybe 8 employees working there maybe one was human enough to be nice.
People that own this place you need to fire almost everyone including yourself if you work there!....
How hard is it to be kind???
I know there's people that go skate there that are total assholes, but don't let that dictate the way you treat US the nice people, that go there to give you our hard earn money the same!!!!!

Horrible place to take your children!!!
The staff is very rude, to say the least!
Management could care less about any complaints and the refs are very strict and unbecoming.
Recently a young girl broke her arm because refs allowed kids that they know to skate out of control.
I stopped taking my 4 year old here about 8 months ago because of this type of behavior, also since one of the refs that are still currently employed had threatened to fight me in the parking lot, and assumed that it might be different now but was shown the same as before.
I will never come to this skating rink again.
Hopefully the staff is better at the Boulder Hwy location.

We go to Crystal Palce every Tuesday for family night and it's what my teen and pre-teen look forward to all week.
It's very safe and the owners are very moral and have a strict dress code.
They maintain good order and if anything my kid's would say they're too strict.
We play hockey there now also and I find it a very safe environment..LOVE IT!

Fun place to go to beat the heat or the wind.
Kids love it and it is a good crowd for Vegas.

Fun, just like it was when we were kids!
The staff is pretty nice & the bathrooms are way cleaner than I ever expected.
Prices are usually $9 ($8 if you own your own skates) per session for adults.
The music is your typical top 40 & the food is the same as it was 30 years ago, but the fun now is laced with a new fear of falling you didn't have when you were 7... which is exhilarating!
-Especially if you don't actually fall.
This is one of my top 5 favorite ways to get passive cardio!!
The only draw backs to this Crystal Palace location is that they  don't offer an "adult skate" and they close early, especially on Sundays.
They only accept credit/debit cards for charges over $20.
just an FYI

Birthday Party Today Was Awesome!
They did such a great job being hospitable to our large group.
Being out there brought me back to the old days when I use to lace up at our old roller rink back home, except I think this one is three times the size!
Not the best of best neighborhoods but look past that and go!

This place is gross.
I can see if I had a kid or 7, it would be some decent fun.
But Idk, I went with a girl, and I could tell she thought the idea was cute and novel but would have much rather gotten coffee or something.
I just felt germs on me, and the food here is for kids only, because they don't know any better.
They to update everything and hire some new folks who can still smile and have fun with their job.

Family friendly activities!
It was a flashback to my childhood skate parties.
The kids had a blast and the staff was pretty good at keeping track of the floor so the little ones didn't get run over.

It is nice to see such a large roller rink still around although there is a lot that can be improved here.
First the good.
The parties are reasonably priced.
The skates are in pretty good shape, the music is current and loud and the dj changes it up a bit so the skaters aren't always skating around with no goal.
The places for improvement - the parties are very disorganized and with the exception of food deliveries you are pretty much on your own.
I really would have liked to see a staff member available to give beginners a 10 minute group lesson as part of the party as several members of the party had no idea how to skate and ended up staying off the rink.
Also, they have no water at the counter except really wierd tasting tap water.
I don't care if you want to charge me 2 dollars for a small bottle of water, you should have something for people who do not want the sugary drinks.
The staff is very friendly when you speak with them although they seemed a bit disorganized.
They do have wifi.
Stay away from the air hockey machine until it is fixed.

I don't skate but the kids had fun at a bday party....staff was friendly and the place was clean

My family went to crystal palace for my 7yr old sons birthday because he wanted to have a skate party.
We got the glow birthday package that was 200.00 dollars which I thought was a little expensive but we did it because it was my sons birthday.
When one of the kids went to put his foot in his skate he explained to his mom he felt something in his skate, he did not understand what it was and took it off and shook it on the ground and a dead mouse fell out, we initially thought it was him playing a joke until my wife got down on the floor and realized it was a real mouse, his mom ended up leaving because she was very upset and we explained this to the party girl and she went and got a broom and swept it up, we then went to the office and spoke with a man who said he was the manager and explained there was a mouse in the skate and he shrugged it off,  did not apologize or even acknowledge that it was a problem...
I could not believe he was not even concerned since they serve food and there are kids around..
The party person in charge of our party did not set the party up right and forgot items that were part of the packaged brought them to us when we were ready to leave..

Lots of fun for kids.
Guy at counter was very grumpy.
Little bit irritated that in-line skates were $5 extra.
All in all fun night for kids!

