Nestled away northwest by Santa Fe Station is Bob Taylor's Ranch House.
It's  very rustic and has an old west feel.
The meat they use is Angus and it's grilled over an open fire.
I had the Shrimp, which were nice and broiled.
The rack of ribs....mmmmm Oh and my favorite was definitely the steak.
Not overly seasoned.
It tasted like how meat should be.
There's a 32 oz  steak they have that I've been wanting to go after.
But I just haven't gotten around to it.
Soon Mister Bob Taylor...I will consume your 32 oz of meat....Mwahahaha - Good white people food.

This place is an absolute institution in vegas.
A throwback to when the west was all visions of Gene Autry and vegas was just long streches of dirt.
In fact, my mom has been going there since the early the mid 50s when it opened.
The steaks, not surprisingly, are the reason to go for the first time and keep coming back.
High quality meat simply cooked on a mesquite grill.
It is what modern steak houses try to emulate but usually just can't.
The sides are not memorable but not terrible either.
Still I make sure I go to Bob Taylors every time I'm back in Vegas.

40 years ago Bob Taylor's Ranch House was out in the middle of nowhere, when Rancho was the main drag out to Tonapah.
It was famous for either a last good meal out of town, or a great place to stop after you and your mob buddies gave Vinnie a ride out to the desert to do some "star gazing".
Nowadays the sprawl of Vegas has caught up to it, and the glamor of driving out to it seems a little less like a road adventure.
The restaurant can be a little tricky to find since it is now almost surrounded by housing tracts.
That all changes when you step inside though, the atmosphere is probably very similar to what it was back in the early days of Vegas, and that is a good thing.
The place is famous for its Steaks, and I will have to say that it doesn't disappoint in that department .
The last time I was there I ordered the 12oz New York with Ranch House Potatoes and they were both excellent.
Everyone in my party that night gave the place a thumbs up.
I have to say that I will be going back to Bob's Ranch House, if not for the food, then maybe to channel Dean-o while I am at the bar.

What a great porterhouse steak, at a reasonable price.
Perfectly cooked.
Good Service.
Throwback decoration.
The Home Fries and Twice baked potatoes that come with dinner are also worth the trip.
$75 for 2 with 1 glass of wine and tip, no dessert.

These steaks are the best!
The house potatoes are awesome and what makes it the best is that it makes you feel like you're not in Vegas which is fine with me!

This is so my style, I can't say enough.
Had a great lunch, but really want o go back fro dinner and have the killer steak.
Love the ambiance of the rustic, old west.
Autographed photos of older western movie stars.
So cool!
CAll for directions.
Easy to get lost.
Nestled in the far west part of a new home track.
So worth the drive, right off the 95.

This place is almost in the boonies (as my buddy said, are we in Arizona yet?).
Just when you thought that you are definitely and hopelessly lost you see the Ann Rd.
exit from 95 North and say whew, almost there.
It's about 20 minutes from the Strip and the drive was definitely worth it.
For steak lovers, this is the place to go in Vegas.
I had the ribeye 12 oz.
for $28, and this came with your choice of soup of the day or garden salad.
Silly me, I chose the salad to try to save a "few" calories.
Should've chosen the clam chowder instead!
The potato side dish was excellent.
They offer a couple of varieties - twice-baked potato (which is a mashed potato baked twice with the toppings), a baked potato, and the ranch house potatoes.
I had the ranch house potatoes and that was great, but in all honesty I couldn't even finish it cause I was trying to eat the massive piece of meat before me!
The steak was seasoned perfectly, and crusted just the way I like it.
Very moist and juicy, and tender.
The best steak that I have had, period.
Last, but not least, is the Texas Toast.
One word - fantastic.
I could've just eaten the toast all night and still rate this place 5 stars!
It was that good.

I really wanted to like this place again, but it's just not meant to be.
This was the place my husband proposed to me 11 years ago (which may be reason in itself to burn it down!
) hehehe he actually said that when we were walking in!
lol We hadn't been there for 6+ years since the service was so bad the last time we were there.
I am happy to report the service was amazing this time.
Our waitress, Jill was very attentive and was great with the kids.
The food:  fried calamari: fried crispy and served with a really tasty remoulade sauce- yummy!
salad- standard steakhouse fare   cheese toast- it was too salty for the kids, but I liked it.
It could have been seasoned a little less though.
ranch house potatoes- my fave of the evening.
They reminded me of Cracker Barrel's hash brown casserole with whole mushrooms added.
They were delicious!
12 oz.
Rib eye- okay here's the reason I gave it only 3 stars.
I ordered my steak rare and it came out like it literally hovered over the grill for maybe 30 seconds.
Aside from the doneness, or lack thereof, it was a horrible cut of meat.
I would never have recognized it as a rib eye!
It was so tough to cut through I got a hand cramp!
If it's tough when it's that rare...there is a definite problem.
The worst part is that my husband ordered the same thing but medium rare and his was perfect.
It tasted good and actually looked like a rib eye- which of course only added to my anger..lol.
The kids' meals were very reasonably priced and devoured the moment they hit our table.
They both got the fried shrimp with french fries.
Overall the meal wasn't too bad.
Everyone besides me enjoyed their food.
It just pisses me off to pay $36 for the poor excuse for a steak they gave me.
I would have complained but we were there with some friends celebrating their birthdays and I didn't want to be a downer.
It will probably be another 6+ years before I return to this place again.

Great steaks!
I like the painting of John Wayne over the bar.
The steaks are grilled right out in plain view.
Very friendly staff and management.

The decore is really low key, but man that was one of the best Ribeye's I have ever had.
I like my steaks rare and it was one of those rare steaks that looked like it had barely been cooked which in my mind is perfection.
The scalloped potatos a delicious.
Great restaraunt!

Ok, so it may not have the posh as some of the restaurants on the strip may have, but Bob Taylors ranch house does offer a great steak meal with a budget in mind.
I was just there a couple of days ago, and I must say the "Diamond Jim Brady" strip was excellent!
Now I won't go as far to say that Bob Taylor's has the best steak, in my opinion you have to go to Chicago for that, but I will say say this place has very good food while keeping the pocket book in mind.
By they way, the appitizer chicken livers are exceptional.
Anyway, the service is very good and the food is excellent when considering the price.
I must say to all new Vegas residents, that Bob Taylor's is a must visit!

I'm glad we read reviews first, it really is out in the middle of nowhere.
I'll get the stuff we didn't like out of the way first.
The drinks were watered down, the steaks not cooked as we ordered, and the steaks were a bit chewy, they aren't the best cuts of meat.
That said, why are we fans?
Because it's the kind of the place that you know your parents would have gone to, the service is pleasant and quick, the rest of the food is good, and it feels like a time gone by, slow and unpretentious and relaxed.
We liked the Texas toast, and they offered to give us more, but one is enough.
I had the ranch potatoes, and they tasted like mac and cheese, they were so delicious.
The salads are forgettable, you may want to pass.
The chicken liver appetizer was super, really tasty and well cooked.
I had the smoked prime rib; skip it.
Go for a steak instead.
Husband had a steak and was much happier with his dinner, although there was a lot of gristle.
We skipped dessert.
The service was spot on through the entire dinner.
It's a bit chilly in the winter, I sat next to the fire and was still cold.
Is it the best food ever?
No.
But we paid less than 100 bucks for dinner for two, with an appetizer and drinks, and that's a pretty good deal for what you get.
This is the place you take your parents, a big group of friends, or when you have been married so long the romance is dead and you just want to eat, not share a moment with your meal.
Extra kudos for the western decor.
It feels like home, if I were still living in Bakersfield.

Somehow my parents stumbled on this gem a few years ago.
Every subsequent trip we made to Vegas they would rave about that steak house in the middle of nowhere.
Finally, during a trip we made out there last month, we went back to find it.
Unlike places on or near the strip, there's no flashy sign or gaudy light show that will direct you to this restaurant.
Apparently, back in the day, this place was the hideout haven for vacationing celebrities.
Due to it's out of the way, discreet location, I can definitely see why.
But aside from the potentially mild difficulty you will experience looking for it, I must say, it's well worth the adventure.
While I agree that the salads aren't the highlight of the meal, the meal itself is quite generously proportioned.
I ordered the rib eye, which was deliciously made to order.
I know my dad ordered the filet mignon, which I tried and it melted in your mouth it was so good!
I can't remember what my mom ordered but I do remember that it was also quite tasty.
I didn't order a mixed drink so I can't speak much for the bar but I did have a delicious glass of white wine which was surprisingly enjoyable.
This is definitely a dinner I'd plan my trip to Vegas around the next time I'm there.

We came early for a dinner with my parents.
It was the first time they were coming to visit and to see our new home.
Ranch House was a close drive from our place- convenience is a plus so we can drive them up and take them back down to the airport.
Thought it would be cool to experience a lil old Vegas too.
I think it was the right place just because its quiet and everyone can talk specially my family and my BFs family were meeting for the first time.
Ordered sauteed livers and some wings to munch on.
Livers were yummy- not overcooked and the wings were alright, a little salty for me.
Salad is pretty standard side salad you'd get someplace like Carrows or iHop of the iceburg variety with some shred carrot and bit of red cabbage.
I didnt eat too much of it and not really memorable.
Split a porterhouse with my BF.
Most people got bone in ribeye or ribeye.
I of course took a bite out of everyones.
Our porterhouse was nice- good cut of meat and cooked med.rare, the bone in ribeyes were juicy, the small thin ribeye was alright.
The ranch pototatoes were good, but I was focused on eating the meat and we had plenty of leftovers for happy animals and sandwiches the next day.
Service was friendly, a little slow considering were the only ones there, but not bad.
Overall it was a pretty good place to take family for a quiet meal, though maybe not my mom.
She's an ambiance person and illusioned away by the grand spots of the strip and wanted a "fancy" place to take my BF's mom to impress her....Meh, yeah- thats back on the strip which we didnt have time for.
Good for people who like nostalgia, kitch and steak....I see myself bringing grandpa here to tell me about all the posters on the wall.
I think though for offstrip steak I much prefer Austins steakhouse though, but this place isn't bad.
I will come back and try their lunch items though- some of the sandwiches sound good and are priced just right at $7-8....I  thought I saw a all you can eat rib night and prime rib night so I'll definitely consider coming for that.

We went here a double birthday and we enjoyed it.
I was actually surprised.
The food was wonderful and the service great.
The only thing that was upsetting was the air conditioning was on and it was during the winter so the main eating room was COLD.
I would go back again

Wow!
I hadn't been back here for at least ten years.
It is still pretty much the same, fortunately.
Old-school, 1950's western decor, great steaks, friendly service, reasonable prices and immediate seating.

I love the staff and the steak.
Nothing is better than a steak from the ranch house and all the drinks are great too.
The staff is friendly and its been around for ever

My grandfather loved this place and many like it way back when.
My feelings for the Ranch House are drenched in the sentiment of walking in and thinking that I will see Grandpa Frank sitting there at the bar in his western suit and bolo tie shooting the breeze.
Our family still loves the Ranch House for everything from anniversary dinners to birthdays.
The food is great, the portions generous, and the people always friendly.
Afterward we sit in the front digesting our meals watching our kids chase chickens and catch lizards just like we used to so many years ago.
One of the few true family tradition places in Las Vegas.

Love the prime rib.
This place is classic old Vegas.
I don't think a damn thing has changed in this place since the day it opened.
I love the smell of the wood burning and the meat that slow cooks over it.
When ever we have company from out of town and they want a steak, this is where we go.
This is where we go when I want a steak for that matter.
Don't miss this hidden gem.

Hard to find its in a residential area in the north west good old fashioned las vegas steak house worth the trip from Henderson though.

The food was very good, old school the garlic toast and homemade thousand island dressing were very nostalgic.
The 2x baked potato was huge and the steak was excellent, but the bathrooms!
Please do something about them, it hurt the experience of an otherwise nice Friday night!

I had the filet mignon and shrimp.
My mom had the ribs with a side of shrimp scampi and the kids had fried shrimp, and it was all very good.
My husband had the rib-eye and it was seared with garlic butter and was so yummy juicy .
We all had the twice baked potato which was very tasty....Not to mention the lobster bisque soup was good and a wonderful start to the meal plus you get a garlic cheese bread for a starter...

Pulling up at the Ranch House at night for the first time can be a bit intimidating.
It's all the way in the back of some neighborhood, so it was definitely an unexpected spot (especially with those flashy signs leading the way).
Once my boyfriend and I pulled up, we knew this establishment has been here for a veeerry long time.
This is a real Ranch, I wouldn't be surprised if they raised their own cattle to serve here.
The restaurant is on the left side of the lot and it looks like a few more homes/buildings on the right side.
I apologize if this description is inaccurate, this is more of a nighttime view of the Ranch House.
I have no idea what it looks like during the day, but I'm sure the name of the restaurant describes it well...it looks like a Ranch...and it looks like a House.
Ta da!
Now the interior of the restaurant looks like the place should be named Bar Lounge Steakhouse.
There were giant flat screens scattered throughout the place, but they were only playing in the bar/lounge area and not in the restaurant (saving energy?).
That was a bit disappointing to my boyfriend, but I don't care to stare at a moving screen while I am eating (even less if I'm really enjoying my food.
screw the TV!).
We were seated by a friendly, sweet waitress who was very informative and helpful throughout the entire meal.
We ordered calamari, the rack of lamb for me with Ranch House potatoes, and the prime rib and lobster for the mister with a twice baked potato.
Both of our entrees came with salads and garlic cheese bread.
I will now try to switch my review into a more organized and easily read manner:  calamari: good.
standard calamari, crispy but oily.
appropriate serving size.
salad: I got the house dressing and it was delicious.
I cleaned my entire plate, and I don't even like eating my veggies.
Bf got ranch dressing on his salad, and he didn't finish it...so I'd say it must have been ok.  prime rib and lobster: the lobster tail was HUGE!!
It just looked so plump and juicy, I did not taste since I'm allergic to shellfish, but my bf seemed happy with it.
He reported that the prime rib was good, but he also expressed his regret in not ordering a steak.
rack of lamb: WOW.
If you like lamb, you HAVE TO GET THIS.
This is the best lamb I have ever had.
The herb and dijon blend was PERFECT.
I cannot describe this at all, each bite is an explosion and that is an understatement.
Usually your first bite is always the best, and then the flavor experience starts winding down.
Not with this baby; it's the first bite every single time!
9 perfectly seasoned and fire-grilled chops with meat so tender, I purposely tried using just my lips to pull it off the bone (heeeeY) and it just tore off with no resistance (I got this cooked to medium, btw).
Juicy, flavorful, tender...YOU MUST TRY THIS.
potatoes: sounds like most people are a fan of the twice-baked potato.
Bf polished it off his plate, so he must agree.
I wish I ordered that, because I did not like my Ranch House potatoes.
Basically it's wet hash browns with mushrooms, cheese, and onions in it.
Not for me.
Garlic toast: I didn't like it.
Too chewy and thin for me (I like the thick, texas toast types) and neither cheesy nor garlic-y enough.
My boyfriend liked it though.
*whew* okay, now that I'm done re-living how awesome my meal was...here's the overall conclusion: definitely try it.
You must get lamb if you like it.
Everything else is not bad, I think it's a preference thing because there were things I liked that my boyfriend did not and vice versa.
Give it a try, the service is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxing.
I'm definitely going back for the lamb.

My favorite place to catch a steak whenever in Vegas.
You won't be disappointed with their filet mignon.
It has always been served perfect to me at the Ranch House.

I went here many years ago with my mom for a special occasion.
I would have to say I was not impressed.
The prime rib was so-so and the service was dismal.
So upon this sojourn I really was not expecting much.
My boyfriend had dined here recently with some friends and was eager to return.
I am glad I gave it another try.
We were seated very quickly and the staff was friendly.
Our waitress was very pleasant and prompt.
She took our orders and returned shortly with some bread and the starters.
The garlic cheese toast was something I could get in the frozen section at Smith's and it was already cold and chewy.
However, the New England clam chowder was excellent.
I don't think I have had good clam chowder in a while.
This was uber creamy and had a goodly amount of clam pieces in it.
My boyfriend liked his house salad.
He said, "it's pretty standard but the croutons were really good.
"  Our steaks were really nice.
My 8 oz filet mignon was very tender and they know what medium rare is.
It was wrapped in bacon and served with béarnaise sauce but I've never had a portobello mushroom cap it off as a traditional way of serving.
Bearnaise sauce was very creamy and more of the consistency mayonnaise.
My boyfriend polished off his porterhouse.
He liked his twice baked potato but after tasting my regular baked potato said he would have preferred to have that instead.
Overall nice experience.
The food was filling and flavorful.
I wouldn't mind coming back here again.
It does reign terror on my budget.
Two entrees, two drinks, tax and tip it came out to about $80 for two people.

I first learned about this place several years ago whilst watching a show on the Food Network about local and little-known  'foodie' havens.
In the years since, I managed to drive by the Bob Taylor's Ranch House sign off of US 95 (at Ann Rd) countless times without ever exiting and checking the place out...that all changed today, Mother's Day 2011.
Really, really good food.
Exceptionally friendly and meaningful service.
Had the NY Strip with Ranch House Potatoes.
Perfection on a plate.
Only giving 4 stars because 5 stars, to me, should only be given to best-in-class establishments.
This place is certainly among the best I've experienced in the non-gourmet steakhouse category, but it's not the clear, undisputed leader.

Great local steak spot.
Ordered the lamb chops and rib eye.
Delicious!
Prepared to perfection.
Definitely worth it to go out of your way and venture off the strip if you are visiting town.
I will be back to take my folks and other guests who appreciate a good steak.
PS: Don't over shoot the parking lot on the left where the steak house is.
at night we accidentally found ourselves walking into a large church-like congregation just behind the Ranch House!

We went to Bob Taylor's for the umpteenth time last nite.
It's close to our house and when we crave big beef, it's our first choice.
I always have the smoked prime rib, the only thing I really enjoy there (however, I have never had the lamb, so maybe next time!
)  I have had both the twice baked and the regular baked potatoes, and they are both good.
I love their cheese bread that starts the meal, and I have never had appetizers mainly because the main course is usually more than enough for dinner.
I have found their creamed soups to be akin to library paste, so mostly always get the salad, which is pretty non-descript but adequate.
I usually get the 12-oz prime rib, medium, and can never finish it,  and the smoked flavor is mild, but adds so much to the meat.
For the first time ast night we had the all you can eat ribs for $15.99 (every Tuesday), and the ribs were very tender but had an odd herb either in the BBQ sauce or the rib marinade which I think was rosemary, but it didn't appeal to me at all.
My husband liked them, but neither of us could finish the first serving which was very generous, so that was all we could eat.
They also have a nice wine selection and what I think are very reasonable prices compared to so many of the restaurants which have 150-200% markups on wine.
Service is always good there, very attentive and friendly, and I am so glad they DO NOT have TVs with sports shows on in the restaurant.!!!

A friend was in the mood for some surf and turf, so I brought her to Bob's.
I told her that I used to come here years ago before it was surrounded by homes and the freeway - so I was praying inside that the place was still as good as I remembered.
The service was awesome.
I don't remember our server's name but I wish that all food servers were like this guy was.
Friendly.
But not so much that it seemed fake.
Knowledgeable - but not arrogant.
Attentive but not in a hovering sort of way.
A few times I caught him looking around the corner to check up on the tables in his area.
Couldn't ask for more.
The food was pretty good too.
I do have to mention though - the shrimp cocktail consisted of four shrimps and a tin container of cocktail sauce.
I've never seen a cocktail served like that.
Usually it's in some type of glass filled with the sauce and shrimp.
Other than that - it was good.
I ordered the prime rib and lobster tail.
I had my reservations when it was served because the lobster shell was charred so I thought maybe it may have been overcooked.
After the first bite, I was proven wrong which didn't bother me one bit.
It was explained that the prime rib was cooked in a smoker.
I couldn't taste even a hint that it was smoked but nevertheless, it was flavorful to where I didn't even use much of the sauces or dips that the prime rib was served with.
For dessert, my friend and I shared a Tiramisu.
I really enjoyed it because it didn't have a strong coffee taste.
That may not be to other people's liking as it may not be what they're expecting but it was a nice surprise to me as I don't drink coffee.
As for the prices, it could be considered pricey however you'd pay a considerable amount more if you visited any of the other steak houses in the valley.

Walking up to the entrance of Bob Taylor's Ranch House, you are either going to think it is a piece of history or a piece of sh*t. The building is so old, I wouldn't doubt if your great great great great great great grandpa grew his first pube in it.
All joking aside, Bob Taylor's Ranch House has been in business since 1955 so they must be doing something right.
Right?
Beano Fatardo investigates.
First of all, you will get cancer the second you walk into Bob Taylor's.
Even with just a few customers, the place reeked of everyone's favorite combination : stale cigarettes and fresh cigarettes.
On top of that, the place was dark, dingy, and depressing.
I felt like I was in an old bowling alley.
The only difference is that old bowling alleys serve somewhat edible food.
Not only was my hamburger a once frozen patty, the steak fries had less flavor than water.
I would have loved to try the coleslaw instead of the fries, but it wasn't prepared yet!
Why do I have a feeling the cook is on a morning-long smoke break..... inside the restaurant!?
The only reason I am not giving Bob Taylor's a single star is because the bacon on my burger was nice and thick.
That has to account for something, right?
In the end, Bob Taylor's Ranch House isn't even good enough for Pittsburgh Steeler fans.
And I hear they eat old pee-soaked newspapers.

The Ranch House was delicious.
The calamari appetizer was superb.
It was light, fresh, and they weren't stingy with the tentacles.
I had the Rib Eye and my husband had the 22 oz Porter House.
Both cuts were great and grilled to perfection.
Not a fan of the Ranch House Potatoes, but my husband's baked potato filled me with envy.
It was a beautifully prepared potato.
All in all a great meal.
If you want to beat the rush get there early.

The cheese bread was great, the ranch house potatoes were really good and it was a nice steak.

Have been eating here since I was a child.
It is a small and OLD house that used to actually have a large Ranch Style House that was bulldozed with the creation of the 215 Beltway.
Great steaks here..cooked right in front of your eyes.
Try their house dressing as well...its AMAZING!!
Very good garlic cheese bread as well..never had a bad meal.
IF you are a Pittsburgh fan its got a small Steelers bar as well.
Im not..but just tossin it out there lol.
Great place for a great dinner...try and leave the kiddies at home.

What do you do after a four mile hike?
Try a new place for lunch with your hiking mates.
This is what landed us at Bob Taylor's Ranch House late this morning.
Two of us had the chicken wrap which in this case is fried chicken in a tortilla with lettuce, tomato, and ranch dressing.
It was very good!
The only change I'd make would be to use regular grilled chicken, not fried, but the fried did give the wrap a nice crunch.
It was served with steak fries.
The third person in our group had the tuna melt, also served with fries.
She was very pleased with her sandwich.
For dessert, we splurged.
We had passed on an appetizer to go for the good stuff at the end.
We opted for a slice of carrot cake (it's huge!
) with a scoop of ice cream.
The cake was excellent and it was the perfect sweet tooth ending to our lunch.
Service was terrific--perhaps because we were the only people in the restaurant.
I have a feeling that our server would have been almost as attentive if there had been 5 tables occupied.
The lunch prices are very reasonable.
After all the years of seeing the signs for this place or seeing ads, I'm glad we gave it a try.
I have a feeling that when we hike Mount Charleston and add lunch to our rigors, we'll stop here again!

Price for kitsch.
Located in the far, far north, this historical ranch house has its own brand of run-down charm--until you see the flat-screen TV's hoisted awkwardly above the 1950's fireplace.
Service is friendly, but the food is what you would get at a nice family barbeque.
Like a birthday one.
From the cheese bread (Wonder bread, maybe?
) to the salad-out-of-a-bag to the plain-old steaks, everything is unequivocally boring.
For a meal you could easily get at Applebees, the price is nuts.
To be fair, my parents love this place, so maybe the secret to loving the restaurant is to be over 50.

Great food, fun and relaxed atmosphere, and excellent service :]

We were looking for a good steak and we found it here.
Filet mignon and a baked potato couldnt have been any better!
ill be back here!

I was very impressed at the overall atmosphere and location, and give that 5 stars by itself.
However, the two filets and porterhouse were on the salty side and tasted more like cruise ship beef.
I was expecting better beef flavor, but I enjoyed it, unfortunately my party didn't.
The bread and house salad dressing were very good.

After hearing nothing but good things about the food, I decided to take my wife to Bob's for our anniversary.
I have to start off on the service, it was perfect.
The waitress was friendly and helpful.
The food was a different story.
My wife and I both ordered the filet mignon and both ordered it  medium.
Now being a steak fan and over the course of my life I have ordered plenty on steaks and what my wife got was medium-rare and mine was almost well-done, very inconsistent.
The steaks did have a very good flavor though.
I had the key lime pie for dessert which was good, but my wife ordered the creme brulee cheese cake, which was just a vanilla cheesecake with store bought crappy caramel sauce on it.
Prices for what you get are high!
No military discount, I was told they can't support that.

Just good ol' cowboy steak & taters!
I've been here a couple times.
Definitely a good cut of beef and they know how to cook it.
When I say "rare", 7 out of 10 times, the cooks give me medium rare.
If I wanted medium rare, I would order medium rare.
Sometimes, I have to tell the server, "Just run it through a warm room" to get my point across.
It's almost as bad as ordering my Thai food #10, and getting #5 because I'm Caucasian...not Real-Asian.
The down"sides" are the sides.
Boring veggies and potatoes.
Not that they need to add to the meat, but a little creamed spinach or some roasted beets would be nice.
I love the rustic cowboy setting and the servers are great.
Friendly and fun.
I also love the open grill so you can see your steak being prepared.
Great spot for some comfort food, cowboy style.

We've been to Bob Taylor's twice in the last few weeks and it's been amazing each time.
It's been super easy to get a reservation, including the weekend before the Tuesday Valentine's Day.
If you call early and leave a message, they'll call you right back and confirm; great customer service!
Additionally, the whole staff seems like they just can't wait to help you from the moment you enter to when you leave.
Now, for those newbies out there to Vegas, this is NOT The Strip style steakhouse with million dollar interiors.
This place has been around since before the 215 freeway you can see as you enter, so its style is old school and doesn't apologize for it.
I think it's great; spend your money on great ingredients, not artwork on the wall.
We'll definitely be going back.
Order the fillet Mignon wrapped in bacon with portobello mushroom and sauce...yummy!

This off the beaten path steak house is one of my all time favorite places in Las Vegas.
It's no frills, no fuss and just delicious meat grilled to perfection.
Perfect for a hardcore carnivore like myself.
Love the ambiance, the food.
Can't go wrong.

I have been here 3 times, and it's always been a good experience.
Off the beaten path, at the end of a residential street.
Next to the 215 but not near an exit.
This place has been here for a long time.
And the Steaks are cooked to order.
If your looking for a local steak restaurant to check out.
Come here and enjoy the food,

This was my second time at the Ranch House and I wasn't disappointed.
I've been told that mostly locals eat here....yup, no L.A. sleaze-balls in attendance.
Regarding the food, very good!
I'm an occasional steak eater and they have a good selection and tasty side dishes.
I got the twice-baked potato...not bad.
I go to Vegas every several months on business,  I'LL BE BACK!
It's out of the way, but if you have time, you gotta try it.

This place is delicious!!
I love that it feels as if you're walking back into time, and the food- lets just say its nice to pay $30 for a plate and get your moneys worth.
I'd love to give it 5 stars but the joint needs a deep scrub and a little updating.
And the landscaping and parking lot needs an overhaul.
I'll be back!

This is an old time restaurant that has some charm.
I have been a regular at this place for years, but I have noticed that the last year or so the management and owner simply don't care any more.
The cooks can't get the temperature of a steak right and always try to make you feel that you don't understand the difference between mid rare and mid well.
I normally go to the restaurant for their prime rib, which used to be in my opinion the best in town.
The problem now is that they try to pass medium as rare.
The cooks attitude is horrible and as I said the owner is never there and nobody cares except for a couple of servers that are helpless to do anything.
Their lunches have gone down hill as well.
This place has no charm left and is not worth spending your money at.

This ended up being Plan B after the debacle that was "Bastille Day" at a restaurant that rhymes with "Barche Macchus" when they offered to seat us in a storage room.
I've had this place bookmarked for 3 years and it was finally time, baby!
Bob Taylor's Ranch House is a throwback in so many ways from the cowboy decor, to the music and even menu.
Just the entrance itself is photoworthy!
I felt like I was at some roadside restaurant in the middle of nowhere Texas.
Seeing the chef turning all those steaks as the hostess walked us to our table had me salivating big time!
We got the cajun shrimp appetizer which was just ok.
While the flavor was nice, the shrimp was a little on the small side.
We still ended up soaking up all the sauce with the complimentary "garlic cheese toast".
The wife got the filet (rare) and I got the bone-in ribeye (medium rare) after much encouragement from our friendly waitress.
The ribeye was a massive 24 oz's of which I was only able to finish half of.
I usually prefer rare steaks but when it comes to the ribeye cut, I prefer it a little more cooked so I can appreciate all the parts of it from the outside char to the tender center and everything in between.
$42.99 for a ribeye seems cheap these days haha.
The filet mignon was very tender with great flavor.
All entrees come with your choice of soup (it was a not bad lobster bisque) or salad (avoided based on Jade's review of it being IHop-esque) and a side.
I got the twice baked potato only because I wanted the cook to work a little instead of paying for a baked potato which requires really no work at all.
My wife got the ranch house potatoes which could only be described as crazy hash browns.
No $12 a la carte sides items like 16 miles away from here!
Somehow got coerced into getting dessert and was brought the biggest slice of chocolate cake I'd ever seen.
I enjoyed all 3 bites I had before shoving that into the third takeout box of the evening.
Considering how ticked off my wife and I were for things not going as planned that evening, this was a very welcome surprise.
I am a big fan!
Not sure I would go out of my way to make it back here but this would certainly be on the top of my list when I am back around these parts.

SO glad we had dinner here :)  First it started with with my dinner salad.
So tasty and fresh.
I ordered the petite filet which was $27.99 (8 oz).
I had them put some bleu cheese on top and it was so good.
It came with cheesy bread and a twice baked potato.
That potato is reason enough to go back!
The meat is mesquite grilled.
As you walk in and get seated by the hostess you walk right by the grill.
The service was excellent.
I saw on the menu they also offer take out service so if you want to just phone your order in and pick it up you can do that too.
I think I will try that out with a salad and soup for lunch someday.
They also host weddings and office, birthday, anniversary parties.
They show all the Steelers games here too according the the server.

Bob...I am sorry, Bob....I really did want to love you, but I just can't.
Let's start with the really friendly service and the old time quaint country atmosphere.
Both are a real plus.
Your old place is really special find in today's chain restaurant world.
We started off good, the service, the atmosphere, the soup, yummy and the salad fresh and good.
But then the main course comes and I am sorry Bob, but sour tasting pork chops and just as sour baby back ribs is just not right.
I tried to determine the flavors, I got the rosemary and I think the meat was marinated too long in a red wine vinegar type marinate.
The nice waitress could only confirm the rosemary.
But Bob, both portions (which were really nice sized) were just to sour for my and my wifes taste buds.
I really did want to like an original place like this, but sorry Bob, I just can't give you any more than 2 stars for now.

Oh No!!!!
To begin with twist cap wine-really??
There's more produce in the outside window than in the iceberg salad and for my heart attack stuffed potato if it were stuffed it wouldn't have killed a guppy.
If you like good beef salud the beef is good the lobster not so much.
Would not go here again......bye bye bob For that price go to charcoal room

a let down.
This is not my first time at this steakhouse (and I really hope not my last).
The Service was slow.
The server forgot to bring our salads until our dinners were already on the table.
The Sauteed mushrooms were sauteed in too much butter.
I also have a t pet peeve for specials that are no different (even in price) then the menu.
The server was missing for much of the meal (it was not THAT busy), but when it came time to pick up the check and the tip she was like a vulture.
I would like to give it another shot...as prior experiences had been great.

My husband and I love this restaurant.
I always get a steak and have never been disappointed.
The food is consistent and the price is reasonable.

I have wanted to try this place forever.
So this afternoon my daughter & I treated ourselves to the best lunch we have ever had.
We shared, there was lots of food & we ate every bite!
You could smell the mesquite on the burger and it was awesome.
The entire family will go for dinner Christmas Eve!

Was very disappointed I ordered a ribeye and it was charred on the outside and rare on the inside.
Very tough.
My wife order was totally wrong she ordered scallops and got chicken Alfredo.
Just not worth my money.
After i went there makes me think that some of these people that gave great reveiws ate at a different restaurant.

The food here was awsome!
will definatly come back as often as i could.
great service as well,

Our tour of classic old school Vegas restaurants continues with a trip to Bob Taylor's Ranch House for a friend's birthday.
We live pretty close-by, so the Ranch House isn't too far off the beaten track by our standards.
Rolling up, we were totally transported back in time to when this restaurant was located in the middle of nowhere (except now the Ranch is surrounded by tract homes and lost some of their land to the 215).
According to a friend, this place was once so remote that the mob used to stop here for some steaks and drinks after doing, ehem, nefarious things to people in the desert.
Ah Vegas and your local lore!
Enough about that, on to the food.
We were seated at a four-top in the corner, away from the large windows that face the front yard unfortunately.
The ambiance wasn't as fancy as I expected, kind of more road-house than steak-house - which is A-OK by me.
I love places with personality!
I ordered the Fettuccine with Scallops in Chardonnay Cream Sauce as an entree, which was huge and very well done.
Overall, I felt the dish could have used a dusting of grated parmesan for some extra ooomph.
Two of my dining companions got the Broiled Shrimp - which they both said was super flavorful, taking on the smokey flavors from the open mesquite grill.
The wine list was super reasonable, allowing us to enjoy a full bottle of wine for the table at very little cost.
Take some time to peruse the artifacts that line the glass cases in the entrance and the bar - they have some pretty cool Las Vegas memorabilia.
I'm docking one star because the women's bathroom was a little too funky for my taste and could have used a good cleaning.

Boy, this place can serve up a mean steak!!
My fiance raved how it was probably the best steak he's ever had.
And the boy knows his meat.
It's probably due to the Mesquite wood they use that gives it such an amazing flavor.
I on the other hand, had the prime rib, which was extremely tender and juicy, but I only got the Mesquite flavor on the outside edges of the cut.
So if you're looking to get a huge punch of that smokiness, try some of the other steaks.
In the end I wasn't completely dazzled and love-struck by this offering, but I'll give this place 4 stars for the groans of satisfaction that came from my fiance as he polished his steak off.
Some misses for me: the Texas toast was a little greasier than I'd like, but it was definitely very homey and comforting.
And I could have done without ordering the calamari- the breading was a little bland and it just and an overall soggy feel.
I like my calamari super crunchy.
But this is definitely THE PLACE for your local carnivore looking to get his meat-eating bib on.
You can't really go wrong with the generous portions of perfectly cooked meat- even your local cavemen would grunt in approval.

12/24/12 1830 Three to the bar for Cocktails prior to 1915 Dinner reservation..
I was told by the Bar tender that the bar was for dinning and that I should just go eat in the Dinning Room.
I have been coming to this resturant for 10 years and was never refused Bar Service before.
My bar bill is usually $75 dollars prior to dinner and coctails with dinner much more.
This was a party of three we had to go and find a waitress, my wife ate and my sister ate, I had lost my appatite and drank water.
The food was fair at best as they were busy and the service was terrible.
Your resturant lost $200.00 easyily, because of the attitude of the Bar Tender and the poor table service.
And of course I shall bad mouth The Ranch House and never return.
There is way to much competition out there for me to be treated like this.
Good Luck Ranch House.

Amazing food!
Great price.
Walking into the house felt like walking into a TX Steakhouse.
Great people, decor and food.

Great food!
Good service.
This is a nice little place hidden away with a unique atmosphere.
Had the special filet and it was delish!
Bf had the NY strip and said the same.
The clam chowder was creamy and yummy.
Will definitely go again.

great bbq!

Toughest New York strip I have ever eaten.
I asked for medium rare, steak came well done on one end and then rare on the other.
Flavor was simply ok. Fiancée's filet was came out well done when asked for medium well and so dry that it was chewy.
How does one make filet chewy??
The sides were ok.
The waitstaff was very good and quick.
However that doesn't make up for the substandard steaks.
Way overpriced considering the big chain restaurants make better steaks for less.

This may have been my best meal in Vegas!
Recommended by a local ... we traipsed out to the middle of no where aka NORTH las Vegas to a dirt parking lot and a lit walkway.
Brought us to the Ranch - which was chock full of OLD SCHOOL movie star western cool.
Rumor has it gangsters would meet way out here to eat to avoid the cops in Las Vegas proper.
Plain jane interior but you walk by a MAJOR wood burning grill on your way in.
The rib eye was amazing & perfectly cooked with a smokey under note.
I also had the calamari served with a spicy remoulade sauce and had my steak with an excellent blue cheese salad & steamed mixed veg.
No room for dessert but marking this one down for another visit.

This has to be my Favorite restaurant in vegas.
Probably the best meal I've ever had in Vegas.
Our first time coming here.
I thought there was something wrong with my gps when I came here.
Its in the middle of no where.
Theres a lit walkway to the entrance.
When you walk in it feels like your in a time warp in the 1960's, I love places like this that don't change there décor it gives the place charisma and have a lot of history to it..
The Rib-Eye steak was probably the best Rib-Eye I've had and the service was outstanding.

Cute place, but the food was horrible!!
Steak was burnt!!
Who burns  a seak at a steak house?
The twice baked was harder than a rock!!
IF they had better food this place would be amazing!
Hopefully they get it together .

Best steak I can find off strip.
Rustic setting, Mid-range prices.
Chairs a bit uncomfortable but I like the food.

Twice baked potato and steak was amazing.

Living in Las Vegas for 10 years, I FINALLY got to try this place out.
Took my hubby there for a Fathers Day Lunch and I have to say, I was truly less than impressed, which is sad becaue I really wanted it to be good.
The service was fine, our waitress was friendly.
We ordered the crab cake appetizer and it showed up drowning in some type of "sauce".
The crab cakes themselves were terrible, nothing you could do that will make them taste good.
They are obviously buying frozen crab cakes, and from what I tasted it was imitation crab.
No Chunks or pieces of crab, but a the texture of canned tuna.
The sauce, I dont even know what it was supposed to be...tasted terrible...actually, tasted like nothing...no seasoning.
I found out it was supposed to be their Chardonnay Cream Sauce, and I can tell you....there was definitly no Chardonnay in there.
It simply tasted like Flour and Milk.
We did return it, and replaced it with antother appetizer, Shrimp Cocktail, figureing it would be somewhat safe.
I originally ordered the Fettucini w/Scallops in the cream sauce but cancelled it after I tried the sauce in the appetizer..yuck.
So I ordered the Chicken Picata, and what I got was a brown gravy like sauce that did at least have some seasoning...basically they took the same sauce that they used on the Crab Cakes and added a few ingredients, Mushrooms/Lemon...and again my meal was drowning in the sauce.
My husband ordered a Steak which was PERFECTLY cooked the way he ordered it and was very very good.
His Rice Pilaf left alot to be desired.
My twice baked potato was decent.
The garlic bread arrived, looked delicious, but could not be eaten as it was soaked in butter and garlic to the point you couldnt stand to eat it.
For a $100 lunch, I really expected much better quality, they may make great steaks, but either the Chef doesn't care or just doesn't have a good palate as everything was underseasoned or over seasoned like the garlic bread.
The whole place, while definitly historic, needs cleaned.
They had at least 4 different types of chairs at their 4-tops, the carpet is sooo old and dont even get me started on the bathrooms, terrible!
Sorry, but I wont be choosing to go there again...too expensive to be getting Frozen foods that are re-heated and bad tasting food.

The monday menu isn't the greatest..
But every other day is AWESOME.. very unqiue prime rib.

It has been several years since I have visited this establishment and not much had changed in the many years since.
I have always liked the open grill as you walk in.
We had a cocktail as we waited for friends to arrive, unfortunately the draft beer was flat and somewhat stale.
We then took our seats and were greeted promptly by the wait staff.
The overall service was friendly and efficient.
We ordered our food which was delivered in an appropriate amount of time considering how busy the place was.
One of our party ordered the porterhouse medium well, it came to us well done and charred on one side.
I had the Smoked Prime Rib, it was very good and full of flavor.
We as a group were not impressed with the cheesy potato's.
They had an odd consistency, and flavor was not that appetizing given how they were raved about.
Over all a good experience, not sure how soon I would go back.
Due to the drive not sure it was worth the travel time.

OVERALL: The food isn't good (I explain below), but this place may still be worth locals' time (and more importantly money).
Let me explain...
There are not many "old" restaurants in this town.
We don't seem to value/frequent/patronize places that have been around putting out food for a long time.
I think we should.
Even when the food isn't show stopping.
Why?
This place has tremendous character and charm.
There's an "Old Western Vegas" feel to Bob Taylor's.
Established in 1955, it's the oldest restaurant in Las Vegas.
Its a throwback to a rugged, carnivorous cowboy culture that has existed in this town for decades.
And still exists.
I did appreciate the slice of Vegas kitch that Bob Taylor's offers.
FOOD ISSUES: So with all that charm how could this place go wrong?
This place could be great.
It really should be great.
But they are not putting enough care into the food.
I ordered the rib eye and asked for it to be medium rare.
I was worried about it being overcooked and figured if a mistake was made, I'd be in the medium range.
My instincts were correct.
But the steak was closer to well done.
In total, three steaks at our table were seriously overcooked.
In a steakhouse.
With a man tasked with grilling the steaks.
Sigh.
The fourth steak, smoked prime rib, was cooked properly.
But the prime rib is cooked ahead if time, right?
How was I prepared for this overcooked piece of meat?
How did this only occasional red-meat-eater suspect that my steak would not be treated with attentive care?
I'll tell you.
When we walked in there was a large grill at the front of the restaurant with a number if steaks cooking on it.
But the chef was not watching the meat.
He wasn't even in front of the grill.
He was nowhere to be seen as we walked through the doors.
And there were at least 4 steaks cooking when we arrived.
So I figured that my steak would receive the same lack of attention.
I ordered a simple naked potato and a side salad to accompany my steak.
Both were fine.
But there is not much room to mess up a potato and iceberg, is there?
People rave about the garlic bread and I think it's because the rest of the meal is so mediocre, that the cheesy bread becomes the highlight if the meal.
It was just OK.
The most inexperienced cook could make it at home with sourdough, butter, and three types of cheese.
A few people in our party ordered the mushroom rice side dish and it was not good.
After tasting it, I was grateful to have passed on this wet, mush.
SERVICE: Our waitress was very attentive and responsive.
She was more than willing to return the overcooked steaks.
I won't be back, but I'm glad to have visited this historic spot.
Service: 4 stars  Kitch: 4 stars  Food: 1 star

Awesome experience!
It was my husband's birthday and I texted my cousin and told her where we were sifting, she called the restaurant and told the staff and they surprised him with a birthday sundae with a candle and everything!
Our waitress was great, very efficient and made some great suggestions.
My filet was perfectly medium rare with beautiful crust and my husband's was also well-prepared as we're his shrimp.
He enjoyed the lobster bisque and we both enjoyed the twice baked potatoes and garlic bread.
In addition to his ice cream he had a giant piece of chocolate cake that was rich and moist, and I had keylime pie with a very flavorful.
We will definitely return!

Bob Taylor's Ranch House..... just a wannabe steakhouse.
I'm a North Las Vegas local, and have given this place 2 attempts, fail.
They may have history, and have also been featured on the travel chanel, but that doesn't mean s**t. If you are expecting big steaks, great sides, and a nice atmosphere, this place has none of that.
Bob Taylor's Ranch House is simply a waste of money, that's about the only feeling you'll have after paying your huge bill.

I will never set foot in this place again!
Worst service ever!
Waited 25 minutes to even get noticed by the server.
I was so excited that I was finally going to try this place out since I drive by it all the time and wanted a place that served some prime rib.
Total disappointment when we were seated, no one approached my fiance and I.
After seeing this family get service before us I was like "oh hell no, that did not just happen.
" I went to the hostess to tell her we've been sitting here for 20 minutes and no one has approached us, not even a drink order or anything.
I wanted to walk out!
She finally got the server but the server did not apologize for the wait or anything (this place wasn't even packed).
She asked for our drink order and I told her we've been ready to order.
I ordered the prime rib with the twice baked potato.
It was okay!
Bob Taylor's Ranch House you totally disappointed me!

My family has gone to Bob Taylor's for the last 20 years without incident.
We love their steaks and the lunch menu is very reasonable.
I asked them about FRANCINE's complaint, and the waitress told me the story of what happened that day.
They were not busy the day Francine and her party went in there and must have figured they could seat themselves anywhere.
It is not normally busy in there, especially on the weekdays as they are kind of off the beaten path.
There is normally only one waitress except on the weekends.
Since they sat themselves, the waitress was retrieving drinks, salads and appetizers for her other (large) table and it took her 15 minutes to get their starters to them.
That is when she noticed the other people sitting in the restaurant.
There is no "hostess" so it was impossible for Francine to talk to one.
The hostess is the waitress, with a clear sign that says, "Please wait to be seated".
The prime rib is some of the best in town, by the way, and the twice baked potatoes are made to order.
I'm not sure why there aren't more positive reviews  except that most people that get good service and great food don't bother to put up good reviews...you seem to only hear about the once in a while, bad crab cake!
My only complaint is that it is a "Steeler's" bar!

This is a great steakhouse tucked away just off 215 on the north side of town.
It isn't extravagant or expensive... just really stinking good.
Their steaks are high quality and cooked perfectly.
They have an excellent wine list that isn't overpriced.
No need to get dressed up to eat here, but you can if you want.
Make sure to get the ranch house potatoes as your side.
Delicous!

I'm local and have been here 4 times over the last 2 years and honestly I don't know why I come back.
I paid $33.99 for a 12 oz filet mignon which was accompanied by a dinner salad that wasn't green, a restaurant decor that is tired at best, a very mediocre staff that seems too over stressed to pay attention to even the basics of good service, And oh yea the steak......eh, just okay.
Not hot just warm but at least I didn't have to send it back like the last 3 times.
I think I'm better off going to the steak house at Alliante Station.
Much better product at the same price point and impeccable service.

You know?
I come out for the Steelers' Nation camaraderie.
This is the best place to gather for a game.
I live too far to make this my regular steakhouse but the foods that I have tried have been stellar.
I usually split the grilled pork chops with my dad.
Plump, juicy, and a whole lotta meat/food for only one person.
Love the potatoes that accompany the chops.
Oh, each burger I've had here has been good too.
They make em like I love em; medium rare, lots of red onions, and a side of mayo.
Of course other bar type snacks during game time are offerred, sandwiches, chili cheese fries, wings, nachos.

Dinner tonight was the worst!!!
Every steak at our table was cooked wrong.
The only thing that was correct was the crab; now that's bad for a steakhouse.

Went to Bob Taylor's for a steak and was disappointed in the whole experience.
The service was very slow and the food was sub-par.
It's comparable to outback, but a little more expensive.
My wife had the smoked prime rib and it was hard to choke down because the flavor was overpowering.
Not sure if we just don't have a taste for smoked prime rib...
I had the sirloin and it was very salty and not a high quality cut of beef.
Overall it's nothing special at Bob Taylors.

Had a great meal there on Thanksgiving evening.
Lobster bisque was wonderful Turkey was perfectly well done fantastic meal.
Service was friendly can quick

Not the experience I was expecting.
Food was average service was good but overpriced.
The ribs taste boiled the one good thing the fries were fab.
Won't be returning to this establishment.

Thank heavens for the GPS or we never would have found the place!
It is off the beaten path but definitely worth the trip!
The food was incredible.
Appetizer special tonight was crab legs.
We went with the waiter's suggestion to have them warm and that was the right call.
They were nice and sweet.
Even my father-in-law, who claims not to like any meat that comes from a body of water, polished off a bunch and said they were good.
Three of us had steaks and they were just as good as leftovers when we couldn't finish.
The twice baked potatoes were super tasty.
My only regret is not saving room for dessert.
The reason it didn't get 5 stars is because the place was absolutely freezing-not just a little chilly.
I put my winter coat back on for the entire meal.
I think I actually saw my breath!

We were excited to go to the Ranch House as we have heard they had excellent steak.
Arrived on Christmas Eve for our dinner reservation and the manager was very rude and abrupt.
We were sat at the table by the kitchen where the employees kept walking by and leaning into us the entire duration of our meal.
It was like our family being at that table was a huge Inconvience.
Finally, our steaks arrived.
Everyone was starving so when we all cut into our steaks expecting to bite into a juicy steak boy were we surprised!
EVERY steak was over cooked and tough!
I could see if we ordered our steaks well done but the steaks were ordered to be medium rare to medium.
On there behave one steak was sent back and they did cook another steak but it took 30 minutes and everyone was already done with their dinner.
The manager continued to circle and watch during this time because he wanted our table.
I hate to complain but EVERYONE at the other tables was having the same complaint OVER COOKED MEAT.
Between the rude manager, horrible and expensive food, the building/bathroom was in serious disrepair.
I honestly can't believe this place is still in business.
I will NEVER be back.
If you read this and are deciding to come here PLEASE take your business else where as, YES, it was that BAD!!!

If you like mesquite grilled steaks look no further.
Bob Taylor's Ranch House is the place!
My wife has been coming here for years and introduced me to the Ranch House.
Now my Dad who recently retired and moved here frequents the Ranch House too.
We made reservations for Christmas dinner and were really happy with our meal.
I ordered the Ranch House Wings to start out with and I could smell the vinegar tickling my nostrils as it was brought to the table.
Funny thing is they tasted nothing like vinegar and I liked that.
They were meaty and tasted good.
My dinner came with a choice of either soup or salad.
The soup was Lobster Bisque and that wasn't going to work for me.
My wife suggested that I just try the salad so I did.
I ate every bite of my salad it was so damn good.
Every piece of lettuce, which was crisp and not a pile of leaves or weeds, had dressing on it.
When my Porterhouse arrived I was a happy boy.
It was cooked just how I ordered it.
The steak was juicy and tender.
My twice baked potato was hot and good.
For dessert I had a Hot Fudge Brownie Sundae.
The brownie was so soft and hot.
I liked everything about my meal and it was a great Christmas Dinner.
There is also a lunch menu if you want to try a burger or other sandwiches.
The French Dip is made with their smoked prime rib and is mouth watering.

The best part was the perfectly tender prime rib...medium rare.
Spot on.
Now, the rest.
Very outdated, I get the vintage feel but the bathrooms were atrocious, the place was freezing cold and the service was severely lacking.
It took 2 hours to get one appetizer, salad, and one steak.
2 hours.
Really?
There were only 10 other tables, half of which were eating when we walked in.
It was not busy at all.
We had to ask for several items including drinks which took a good 10 min each time to get a return.
Their prices were high considering the sides weren't great and it took forever.
Medium rare.
It doesn't take that long.
I'm sure there are much better steakhouses in Vegas.
I will not be returning to this one.

Food was good, the area around the restaurant has become to modern for the western theme needs to update the restaurant.

Bob Taylor's steakhouse is like no other place in Vegas.
On a ranch sized property, it is well hidden.
When arriving it was kind of a strange feeling, like you were going over to someone's house for dinner.
The inside of business has plenty of wooden features and older 70's style decor.
Dress code was causal.
The service was a standard, nothing terrible, just not lightning fast.
All food was cooked well and clean.
One knock was the cuts of meat where not as high quality as I was expecting from a long standing steakhouse.
Worth checking out, something a little different to your every night dinner

So I've lived in Vegas for over a year now and I've passed by this place more than a few times and wondered how good the food/service was.
Tonight we found out...not worth your time!
After being seated we had a very prompt waitress TO START.
She took our drink, appetizer and dinner order, then handed us off to another waitress because her shift was ending.
No problem at first, but then we didn't see our new waitress for about 15 minutes.
She finally came by to check on us, and asked if we were ready to order...already done that, and then she went and checked on our appetizer.
25 minutes later, it finally came out...2 crab cakes shouldn't take that long, but ok.  On top of all that, her attentiveness lacked when it came to drink refills, to the point that my fiance' had to get up and ask for more water...
Finally, about an hour after we were seated, our salads, which were limp and tasteless bagged salads.
Then dinner, we both ordered the fillet with grilled shrimp...what came out was NOT a fillet, looked more like thick NY strips, and 3 small shrimp...$34/plate.
Per the menu:      "Your Steak is cut from the finest beef available in the United States.
"    Please tell us how you would like it prepared.
The food was prepared ok, but by this point we were not pleased with the the quality or the service.
It was about this point that I believe the waitress caught on, because she checked on us 3-4 times in a 10 minute period.
I went to speak to the manager, who was seated at the bar, a few drinks in.
I introduced myself, then began to talk to him about what was going on...explaining about the waitress hand-off, the lack of attention and then the over-attention, and then the food.
His response to me was, "Well let me get you a gift certificate to make this better the next time you come in.
"  I told him straight up that I'd never come back here, and that for what they served us, $34/plate was a bit extreme.
His response: "Well, you're not going to get the kind of quality for that price anywhere else in Vegas, believe me.
That's really all I can do for you.
"  Ok...I guess my last year in Vegas was all a dream, because there are plenty of places that are of much better quality for the same price.
I felt very dismissed, told him thanks for his time, and then went back to my table to get my check.
The waitress asked if we wanted everything wrapped up...about half of each of our meals left, and we said "NO, just the check please.
"  She figured it out at this point, and we told her we had spoken with the manager about everything.
She got us the check, which was now 1/2 off, magically, and a $50 gift certificate to come back.
I paid my bill, and we beat feet out of there.
Decor aside, or lack thereof, this place is AWFUL!
If you're in Vegas full time, spend a few extra dollars and get a steak worth your money somewhere else.
Don't waste your time going here!

Arrived for dinner on a Sat.
Night around 7:00.
We were told the wait was about an hour an a half.
No problem, decided to stay in the bar.
No one was waiting on the tables in the bar.
After about 20 mins I flagged down a waiter and asked if he would take a drink and appetizer order.
He said he couldn't serve us in the bar.
I then stood at the bar for about 10 minutes and the bartender who was very busy never acknowledged us.
I went to the manager and hostess and asked them if there was someone else who could take our order.
Both said no and that I'd have to wait for the busy bartender.
I got the vibe that they didn't care that I wasn't being served.
After spending more than 30 min there we left.
This is supposed to be a Las Vegas landmark but they don't seem to care very much about service.

We were in Vegas visiting family, and wanted to take them out for a nice meal.
My choice was to head over to Ghandi for some take tasty Indian food, but the group's overall palate wasn't up.
To that.
We settled on this place because my Sister had heard great things about it....
I figured you couldn't be in business for that long if you sucked....wish I had read the yelp reviews first before dropping almost $300 on second rate food.
Went in at 6 , and were asked if we had a reservation.
No, we didn't, considering the (outward) size of the place didn't think we would need them.
We were given the choice of eating in the lounge...I'm ok with that,in fact I believe you can usually get better service in lounges/bars.
Our server was efficient and friendly, if not a bit aloof.
That was pretty much as good as it was going to get.
Food was Sizzler quality,at best.
MY rare prime rib was med_well.
Wife's food was cold,, mushroom on her special not even cooked.
Our server did get her a new mushroom for her filet, which was also overcooked.
The appetizers (scampi and crab cakes) were amusing,in an amateur chef kind of way.
The rest of the group's meals kept the same,low standards... burnt baked potato, etc.
To add insult to injury, I was charged for 2 extra pieces of bread....classy.
No manager presence to be seen until on our way out the door...  Our server did her best, and was friendly, but Decent service will never compensate for second rate food.
Moral of the story: don't waste your time or money.

This place is great!
You definitely feel like you are in an old ranch house when eating at this restaurant.
The food is great, especially the steaks!
They only lightly season the meat, allowing you to enjoy the taste of the steak rather than the taste of spices, like many chain steakhouses.
Also, the price is great when comparing to other Vegas steakhouses... on or off the strip.
For a side note, we hosted a work holiday party here for 40 members and they did a wonderful job!
Everything was cooked great, the service was excellent, and several "first-timers" promised to go back!

Excellent steak!
Fresh sides.
Very nice staff.
It's clean and delicious!
It's really a ranch house and we love that about it.
You would think that there's cattle out back...that's how fresh the meat was.
Yep...we will certainly be back!

We had some meat and potato loving family members come into town and Bob Taylor's was an easy choice for dinner, based on previous visits.
They had a hard time accomodating a party of seven and seated us at two round tables put together in the lounge area.
I kind of found myself sitting in between the tables, but we made it work.
There were plenty of TV's around to watch college hoops, so the seating arrangements weren't too bad.
We were greeted by one waitress and then she was gone and replaced by another.
I'm not sure what happened, but they did start to get real busy and may have had to shift some staff around.
I understand good food takes time, but the service was slow and the waitress seemed a little overwhelmed when it came to refilling drinks and bringing out the salads and soup.
The food was good, as it always has been, but not great.
I highly recommend the Ranch House as your choice of potato.
Some of  our party ordered the Lobster Bisque and said it was full of flavor.
My Rib Eye was tasty, but three in our party got sirloin and all ordered it the same way, with different results.
One was perfect, one was under cooked and the other was over cooked.
All of the entrees come with the garlic cheese bread, which is a nice touch.
One of the least expensive options on the menu is the Barbeque Beef Tips and they were actually better the the sirloin.
Our party of seven got out for less than $200, including tip, but one in our group opted to have only soup and salad.

I have never had a bad experience here.
I first went years ago for lunch and immediately fell in love with it.
It was good food, in a nearly "historical" place, that smelled like a burning fireplace.
County, if you will.
At that time, I was searching for venues for my rehearsal dinner, and based on the size of the restaurant I figured this would be a great place.
A week later, I brought my fiancé there for dinner.
Everything was WONDERFUL!
I had filet, he had prime rib and lobster.
We were sold, this was the place for our rehearsal dinner!
I spoke with their manager over the phone and he graciously helped us plan a menu for our event.
In October 2012, We had approximately 30 attendees, and our servers were so professional and relaxed, you would have thought we were a party of 4.
Bob Taylor's will ALWAYS be on the top of our recommendation list.
We have been to about every steakhouse in Vegas, but we love it here.
It's a no-nonsense menu, good service, unpretentious, old school steak joint.
No need to dress up too much, but show some respect and don't dress like a bum.
All long-term Vegas locals know about this hidden gem.

The only thing that kept it from being a 2 star rating was the food.
The service was awful, all the wait staff did was complain about the hostess putting people in their areas.

If you want a traditional Steak House you found it!
Old nostalgic western setting and delicious full portions you won't leave here disappointed!
This place came highly recommend to me.
I ordered the Smoke prime rib french dip sandwich.
The best I've ever tasted!
Every bite juicier than the next.
With creamy horseradish sauce and wide streak fries perfectly crisp.
The restaurant's history can be seen and smelled throughout.
Garnished with John Wayne photos and western props makes this place a hidden gem!
Will be returning soon.

I tried this place for the first time and will definitely go back.
The filet and prime rib were something special.
The flavor of the grilling technique is some of the best.
I love that you get a whole dinner not alacart.
The service was alittle on the slow end but the chef makes up for it.
New favorite spot and the ambiance is very cozy and inviting.

Every time I come to Las Vegas.
I always stop here.
Food is always excellent.
My favorite Steakhouse.

Excellent food... excellent service....
Ordered the prime rib medium rare... it was a 16oz steak....
It was so moist and flavorful...
I will make it a point to visit more often.

I'm always careful to keep my reviews in context, so let me first point out that even though I'm giving this place a full 5 stars, that should be construed to mean it is better than the other finest steak houses near the strip.
But...if you want to try a old (1955) rustic, homey (was literally a house at one point) place off the beaten path, with simply the finest selection of beef that is expertly prepared at about HALF the price of other places that feature similar beef...then you're going to love it.
We ordered crab stuffed mushrooms that were most excellent.
The blue cheese dressing on our salads was home made and was simply excellent.
The garlic cheese bread was delicious.
THEN our meat arrived!
I had the 12oz Filet and my wife had the 16oz Prime Rib.
Both cuts were perfectly cooked on their large open grill and had a flavor and texture rarely experienced (and we go to a lot of nice steak houses...minimum 3/mo).
We finished up with a very good piece of Key Lime pie.
I noted that a lot of other people were complaining about service...I guess we just got lucky.
Our waitress could not possibly have been more on top of things.
So in summary...this place is not winning any awards for ambiance, but if you want a super fine piece of beef at half the price it would otherwise take, I highly recommend it.
We live in Green Valley about 45 minutes away, so I probably would not make the trip unless I was already out there for some other reason...but with meat that good, I'll probably find that reason.

One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and go about once every other month or so.
and 9 times out of 10  the food top notch.

If you want a good thick piece of steak this is the place to go.
The whole family got a different steak and all of them were so good and tasty.
You didn't need any sauce to go with them because of the seasoning and juiciness of the steak was enough and perfect!
I'm a steak type of gal and even though the place is a bit pricy it's worth every cent.
We also got some seafood with our meals and the lobster is pretty big no little baby lobster tail it was a good amount for our entree.
Oh and the twice baked potato is to die for!!
I usually get fries with everything but here you have to try the twice baked potatoes.
The only reason I didn't give them five stars is because the serves sucks!
They are all friendly and when they do come around they do help you but they just take forever to come around.
But overall great place that's hidden in the middle of nowhere.

My husband and I went here on a Tuesday night after reading the reviews on here.
That time the service was Excellent food cooked to perfection...except I don't know why everyone raves about The Twice Baked Potatoes here.
It was hard as a rock and hardly any potato to eat inside.
The wine selection is less to be desired.
Despite all this, when our very dear friend came to Las Vegas to visit we wanted to take him here.
Bob Taylor's is Not the type of Lux steak house our friend is used to, but he was excited to see just this type of sawdust joint.
This time went on a Monday night.
It took someone 20 mins just to come over and ask if someone was taking care of us.
We were standing up and leaving when she finally came over to the table.
Our friend ORDERD the Calamari.
It was the only thing he ended up eating that night.
He ORDERD the porterhouse steak MEDIUM.
The entire thing was WAAAAYYY OVER COOKED.
Well done is an understatement.
My filet was fine but my Lobster Tail was WAAAAYYY OVER COOKED.
Flaking apart, not wet n juicy.
So we politely asked to send them back.
She brought out my new Lobster Tail.
Perfect!
Well 35 minutes later our friends Porterhouse STILL had not come out!!!
When it finally did arrive, it was RAW!!
Like really really raw.
Like the cook just threw it on to seer the outside on both sides but the inside was completely RAW!!
Gross!!!
It's like we were in the movie WAITING.
So, my friend was disgusted, we were embarrassed anD asked for the check.
All she did was not charge for the Steak, and take the Calamari off the bill.
I would've given one more star but we won't be going back here since the cooks don't a crap about how your food comes out they'd just rather close the kitchen.
I might add we were there 3 hours before closing time...and a party of 8 DRUNK people stumbled through the door about 5 mins before we left.
Also won't be going back because management doesn't care either since we asked to speak with a manager and were told by our server that there wasn't one on the shift.
It's too bad bc other than my twice baked potato on the first time went, we thought we had found our new favorite place to go and bring all our friends and family.
Oh well

Always great food and service!
This place has looked the same ever since I was a kid.
I actually don't think it has ever been remodeled!
The old atmosphere is part of the experience.
You won't find another place in Vegas like this.
We went here today for Father's Day dinner and I always get the steaks which are delicious but I thought I would try something new.
First, let me say the bread is the best here!
It's cheesy toasted sourdough and I can eat 2 baskets myself.
I ordered the Salmon with cajun seasoning and mixed Vegetables with a ranch dressing side salad.
The fish was cooked well and not dry but it as very over seasoned.
The seasoning is spicy and has good flavor and i'm sure it would be delicious if it was sprinkled instead of coated.
I don't think I would order it again.
After all it is a steak house and I will be sticking with the steaks in the future.
My husband got the filet and as usual the filet was perfectly cooked and juicy.
Everything else here is okay but the steaks is where it's at.

The grandparents came to visit and wanted to have dinner.
My grandfather is very picky on atmosphere and quality of food.
We arrived at 4:45 and it was dead which was nice.
I ordered the filet med rare and shrimp with twice baked potato which was delicious.
Steak melted in my mouth.
The hubby got prime rib which was delicious as well.
Our waitress was polite and attentive.
It is very close to our home which is a plus.
Overall very pleasant family dinner for semi reasonable price.

