I freaking LOVE this place.
Like LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.
I'm a sucker for second had items, especially if they are of good quality.
Most places I go to have some good finds, but you really have to take your time in there and look through piles of items that's worth keeping.
At Opportunity Village, I was able to see some wonderful pieces as far as vintage furniture, clothes, books, centerpieces, lamps, kitchen, dinner, and pieces.
My favorite was the furniture.
It's was either vintage pieces I came across or contemporary pieces with some artistic edge.
It was just so entertaining to be able to look at these nice finds.
Obviously I didn't buy any since they were all just too big to carry home alone, and it does take careful planning, but I did manage to snag some vintage and original hardback books of a few classics like Sherlock Holmes, Oliver Twist, and Mysterious Island for $1.99!!!
So I bought 5 books.
Also, they have a nice gallery section dedicated to artwork.
I'm not entirely sure if it's second hand owned art pieces or local artist's pieces, but it's cool either way to know that a nice thrift store like Opportunity Village features GREAT quality furniture, artwork, and such!
I'll be back soon.
FOR SURE!

I'm happy Opportunity Village has a new store, but I really miss the charm of the old store.
It was cool to wander the store, turn the corner and find a whole new section of treasures.
So this new store is just that, a store.
A big wide open store.
The selection doesn't seem to be there either.
But, I can't judge just  one day.
It's a thrift shop, it's hit or miss.
We did find an amazing velvet wolf painting for my friend.
Better luck next time...

Large, clean, well stocked thrift store with great selection.
Found everything from nice suits to books to a tactical belt here.
Lately they've had a strong selection of garden tools, supplies, and pottery (last week they had some cool fire pits).
I also miss the old store, with its run down little maze of rooms - but it's not coming back, so enjoy the new one.

Great thrift store!
Good prices and GREAT selection, especially of home furnishings.
Everything is very clean, which is rare.
The people are helpful, and the prices not too bad.
Overall I'd suggest stopping by for a look.

Simply the Best thrift store in Las Vegas.

I can usually find something amazing here, the store is really spacious and organized.

Simply the best thrift store I've seen in Las Vegas great selection low prices

