What a waste of money.
Here's their description:  "Thai massage is also called Thai yoga massage, because the therapist uses his or her hands, knees, legs, and feet to move you into a series of yoga-like stretches"  Summary of my experience: Lady stepped on me Lady moved a few limbs Lady rubbed my back with oil like she was waxing a car  My CAT massages better than these people.
I literally had to go get another massage after wasting money on this  (right next door- and it was awesome)  Avoid this place like the black plague.

Actually a nice facility - each room has its own shower which is really convenient.
Thai combo massage was good - the Thai part an A the "combo" or swedish element a B-, clearly Thai is the specialty, I prefer the combo to include the relaxation portion.
Professional and friendly place, I might give it another try in the future, but worth a visit for the Thai massage

Best massage I've had since I can remember.
It is a Thai massage that stretches and loosens your limbs and muscles.
Very hands on and full body.
Had a 30 min massage for $45.
I wish I could've had an hour but had to catch a flight.
Very different technique from Swedish and much preferred.
In a town where your options are high priced hotel salons or foot massages.... this is the best value for your dollar.

Has to rank as one of the best Thai massage I've had.
I usually go once a month here at home for Thai massage, but the masseuse that worked on me here at Lavish Spa was WONDERFUL!
Stretched me out good and "put a hurt" on me in a good way on my back.
Whenever I'm in Vegas this will be a must visit.

This place is a hidden gem.
I'm really picky about my massages.
I'm a cocktail server by day and perform in a show 6 nights a week, so my body is really screwed up.
Thai massages always put my body back on track and Lavish is the best.
$65 for an hour.
And as the previous review says, don't let the outside fool you.
it's not some shady, happy-ending place.
They are legit.

Was in Vegas with a bunch of guys.
Had just thrown my back out the week before and was on the road to recovery - well, until Vegas.
Woke up one the first morning after the festivities and it was going to be a bad day, on the verge of a relapse.
Read the reviews on Yelp.
65 dollars for an hour beat the 200+ for an hour at the hotel on the strip.
Went there, this is the real deal.
Just like in Thailand at a legit place.
The girl is from Thailand and studied massage there.
It was amazing.
Legs, arms, back, neck, hands, feet, ears, scalp.
Done by: hands, elbows, being walked on.
There was also some partial chiropractic adjustments.
Gravy...   You will not be disappointed.
It will pay dividends for your day.

Very good massage friendly staff good people.
I recommend it.
Not the best I've had but not bad at all

This is a place of prostitution.
Went in not knowing this, full size beds in rooms.
Wanting my $$ up front & then when I saw the pubic hairs on the only single massage table in the place, that's when  I snatched my $$$ out of the hookers hand & ran out.
Very scary experience !!!!!
Beware ladies !!

