This doctor is the best as far as I'm concerned.
She did a routine physical and found a possibility of cancer.
She sent me to another fine doctor who verified her findings, operated and I am free of cancer.
I was previously to another doctor here in Las Vegas who found no indication of cancer.
She is personable, sympathetic and not hard to look at either.
She also helped me get off the booze.

I'm an existing patient.
Granted, I haven't been to the doctor in three years.
I didn't need to.
I've had two kids in three years and during this period, my OB acted as my primary.
In any case, I called to make an appt with Dr Sparks in order to get a check-up and get some blood work done.
I was told that I could make an appt (15 min slot) to meet and discuss what I would need but the next appt I could get would not be for six weeks.
WTF!
I don't recall any of my visits taking more than 15 mins.
So why would I schedule an appt to discuss things that need to be done when in that 15 mins, all those things can be done.
Looks like I need a new doctor.
One that thinks more of patient care instead of how to bill insurance for an extra visit that involves no care.
It's a shame.
She used to be a good doctor.

Dr Amy Sparks is a first-rate internist and a wonderful, compassionate person.
I have great confidence in her.
I think the reviewer below (in Lansdale, PA) must be writing about a different doctor, since Dr Amy Sparks is in Las Vegas, NOT in PA. Also the description of office procedures doesn't sound right.

Dr Amy Sparks is a first-rate internist and a wonderful, compassionate person.
I have great confidence in her.
I think the reviewer below (in Lansdale, PA) must be writing about a different doctor, since Dr Amy Sparks is in Las Vegas, NOT in PA. Also the description of office procedures doesn't sound right.
Update 2013: Dr Sparks is still at the same location on W. Twain Ave, but her telephone number has changed: the new number is 702-722-2200.
She has left Health Care Partners and is now Sparks Family Medicine.

This a fantastic place I have never felt better!
Amber Lee helped with may allergies and asthma and now I can finally play with my dogs.
I was afraid I would have to give her up.
Thank you so much!
Everyone is nice and they explain everything about what you're going to get .
And the you g lady who gave me my shots is the best  just sad I didn't get her name.
I did not feel a thing!
My follow up is Monday and for once I'm actually looking for to going to the doctors office.
Thank you!

Referred by a friend.
Called to make an appointment.
ALWAYS long wait times over the phone, all day.
Came in here for routine check up and screening and flu shot and prescription.
Only seen the nurse practitioner.
Never saw the doctor.
She told me she would get back to me with results either way.
The visit was pleasant.
This was Oct 21.
Fast forward it is now Nov 25.
I called a week ago because my prescription isn't covered under my insurance pending doctor's prior authorization.
Made AT LEAST 5 calls regarding this (no exaggeration).
All long call wait times, not always given a call back.
I asked for my results out of curiosity only because I already have them on the phone.
Only to find apparently the lab never gave them results.
They left me a voicemail to call back by 5pm.
I made a call back at 4:30 and he was on break, they told me to call back.
4:45 and I just get sent directly to voicemail.
The following day 9:30am he is also busy and I am told to call back (all calls long wait times.
) Finally it is 2pm and I get results that require a follow up?!
Had I not requested the results I would never have known.
One month later, at my request, after 2 days  (after I request) waiting time, I get information that I need.
UNACCEPTABLE.
So I call the specialist they referred and my follow up appt is DEC EIGHTEEN!
On top of that I call again today.
It was necessary for them to give me a call back (of course.
) Low and behold I am still waiting for prior authorization on a time sensitive prescription.
I am really upset, frustrated, and do not feel well cared for.

I usually see Maureen Parker, who I am grateful to for practically saving my life!
I've only seen Dr Sparks once but I like her too.
This has been the best doctors office I've ever been too.
The waits can be a bit long but I expect they are giving other people the detail care they are giving me so I don't mind waiting.

