Bike World is the place to go if your bike needs any type of repair.
I do all of my own small maintenance, but for any big job or tune-up these guys are the best.
I've been using Bike World for about 15 years and have always been completely satisfied with their work and prices.
I have never had occasion to purchase a bike from Bike World, but have bought many accessories over the years.
The store is always well stocked with both things that you need and accessories you want.
Every type of bike is represented here from road bikes to beach cruisers, mtn.
bikes to kid's bikes.
And like their service prices, the parts prices are always reasonable.

I busted the cable on my rear derailuer a couple of weeks ago.
BW had it in and out in less than four hours on a Saturday.
They replaced the cable and the short cable guide and all for only $18.
They are the best!

Bike World the is the best  place to go if your bike needs any type of repair or even to purchase a great bike.
I bought my fixie from them and they have amazing customer service and are very knowledgeable of their products and are reasonably priced.
I will continue to come here for my bike and to buy parts and accessories for my gf's bike.
I would recommend this place to everyone especially this location.

I heard good things about this place and since the only two bike shops anywhere east of here are very lacking in anything you need, I went 12 mi out of my way to get there after work.
I pulled into the parking lot 7 minutes before closing and there was no where to lock my bike.
I had to go across the parking lot and use the handicap spot's sign.
I turned around and they had locked the door even though it was just 5 minutes to 6.
Another guy rushed into the lot right after me.
Their loss..I'll be buying a high end road bike this year..but it will be from somewhere else.

These guys are the best bike people around.
I came to see them for the first time after my bike's rear derailleur hanger was bent (crashed).
One of the tech said he can straighten out the bent.
I was at LV Cyclery before the trip at Bike world, telling me I needed a new part, order it online, wait 4 days and bring back the bike to them for a  fix.
And so on the same day I came for a second opinion at Bike World, the bike was fixed and re-tuned.
I only had to pay $15.
saving me a lot of money!
Trust me, these guys know their stuff.
They been around since I was not even born yet.

One good guy, two turds.
Went there for a couple of axle sets.
Older guy knew what I needed for the rear, sold me the right parts.
They were out of 15mm cone nut wrenches, and he needed to see the front wheel to get the right cone set.
No problem, I went back two days later.
Guy that knew what he was doing was not there.
I took the wheel in with me, and a kid with a hat sold me the "right" axle assembly.
Wheel right in front of him - he assured me it was the right part.
Of course it was wrong.
15 mile round trip BACK to get the right part.
A third employee takes the actual cone from my wheel in the back, and futzes around.
"Uh, no we don'd gotz"   Junior with the hat gets involved.
"well, that's a 3/8 axle..."   Well dummy the cone in my had is 10mm.
No other solutions available.
Sure, they refunded my money for the wrong part.
But they never offered me an alternative solution.
They were through talking to me.
Turds.
I would not send anybody there,  If those two idiots are working on customer bikes they are a liability.

Went in to get my bike checked out.
Shane was very helpful and knowledgable regarding my Schwinn World Sport.
Now I have a good place to bring my bike when it is not performing right.

Went on a Sunday and the heavyset older man was the only one working there as well as no customers.
He seemed very reluctant to help and didn't have much info on a fixie bike me and my family were looking at.We didn't like the service so we left to a different bike shop and were treated like paying customers!
Thanks bike world I spent 2000 somewhere else

I have been taking my bikes here for a while for tune ups and this is the first time I've had a problem.
I dont live close and When i got my bike back home I realized the brakes still didn't work!
They took some rust off and did all that but didn't fix the one thing I asked them to fix, now I have to drive back to have it fixed because I didn't pay $60 for nothing!
I'm pretty disappointed since I've never had problems here before.
Will update.
Update: they fixed the brakes but I wish they just did it in the first place, gas prices are really getting up there!

A young guy w dark hair seemed interested in helping us but my husband said he wanted to take a minute to look.
The guy said sure and went in the back.
Quite a while went by but finally an even younger kid came out.
I asked some questions and he said,  "hold on I'll be right back.
" After about 10 minutes of standing there with my questions unanswered we went to leave.
Before we got to the door an older heavy set man came out and asked if he could help.
I explained that I was already dealing with the kid.
" oh, he's back there eating.
" Was the reply.
I looked at my husband in disbelief.
Then I re-asked the older man the questions I had.
He answered all of our questions but seemed very bored with us.
He then said HE would be back and went into the back room- probably to eat.
So we went to another bike shop and bought four really awesome bikes.
The other bike shop made us feel happy and comfortable with our purchase.
They also had a much bigger selection.
Won't ever recommend bike world!

I've been looking for a very specific model road bike for a while, did my research and found the only way to get it in Vegas was to special order it and I couldn't do that on my own, I had to go through a dealer.
I went in, I met with salesperson Mike, he wasn't aware of the bike I was speaking of, he grabbed his catalog found it, called the supplier and had a price for me in minutes.
All he needed was a 100 dollar deposit to pull the trigger on ordering the bike, done.
A week later the bike was sitting there professionally built, went to pay the bulk of the bike to find he got a discount for me, which basically covered the tax on the bike, got a lifetime warranty and 2 months of free tune up, which I will be using towards the end of that 2nd month.
Also, the bike was built beautifully and I couldnt be happier.
One cool thing, I had 90 days to pay for the bike with no interest, I just choose to pay it all right away so I could just have it.

