Dropped off some old 8mm film from like 1955, some college projects, and of course a couple graduations, & recitals from high school to be transferred to DVD's.
Most of the footage was on VHS, some on 8mm.
Patchin pictures turned around my projects in a timely fashion, and the quality was great.
It was so amazing watching everything after my boyfriend made me junk my VHS before I was ready to part with it all those years ago!
The staff was nice and the prices were very affordable compared to some other places in town.
I suggest using Patchin Pictures before some random online company that requires you to send away your footage.
For me nothing could be scarier than losing my family treasures forever.

Brought in my 8mm film which I had completely forgot about so I had no Idea what was on this tape.
I received my DVD two days later and laughed for almost 2 hours straight...anyways I think my only hesitation is the pricing.
I have 8 more tapes and at $25 dollars for about 2 hours, the transfer it will be a slow process but so worth it.
The staff is not overly friendly but more business oriented which I guess is okay.
You may also rent out their movie room which has been used for graduation and family reunion video montage parties which can fit a decent size party.
I would recommend this place for their straight forward service.

I took several reels of 16mm movie film to Patchin to have them put the files onto a DVD.
Understand, most of the film is 60 years or more old.
The film was very brittle and the last time I tried to view them on a movie projector, the lead of the film would break off and it just wouldn't work.
When I first moved to Las Vegas, I called a few companies and asked about doing this.
They responded with, "Sorry, we can't handle 16mm film.
"  I had gotten a recommendation from a guy who hikes with our group.
He was very pleased with the slide to DVD transfer they did for him.
I called Pathcin to see if they did 16mm films and the answer was yes.
I was off to their place with high hopes.
I was told that it might take a month before the transfer was done because they do 16mm when they have a couple to do because of the set up required.
He also said it might be only a week--it depended on their business.
I got a call today, less than two weeks after I dropped off the reels, and I now have a DVD with movies from when I was 5 or 6 years old and behaved like a hyperactive, little terror.
I have 55 minutes of priceless memories thanks to their fine work!
I will be able to share these memories with my brother--something we both had hoped to do years ago.
Patchin was great!
Very personable and very professional product!

