Had it not been for the guy that was working there this Saturday, we would be out of a vehicle and in deep sh&t.
There was much confusion in the office mostly apparently because of a Vinnie that wasn't even there.
Apparently Vinnie takes reservations but with not enough information (such as "this customer needs a minivan").
A few other people in there were also having isssues.
Had it not been for this Saturday guy (wish I knew his name), no one would have had a vehicle.
He did the best he could with what he had and managed to make everyone there very happy.
Quite an achievement.
It seemed like an employee was put into a very stressful situation because of another employee.
Thank goodness we got what we needed.

Severely understaffed.

Staff are nice, but because there are so few cars there I was taken way up past Lone Mountain to get my car from a different location.
I had booked at least a week earlier.
For the inconvenience they upgraded the car.
Manager Vinnie did a nice job.
I'd come back if I didn't have to worry about whether they'd have a car for me.

After a car accident in Utah just over a week ago I was in need of a car rental while my car was getting repaired.
This location is near my house which is why I chose it.
I reserved the car online for pick up.
They open at 8:00 am Mon-Fri and 9:00 am Saturday so I recommend scheduling your pick up for that time if you can because they have very few cars on site.
Luckily I was first to be helped so I got my rental but others had to wait until more vehicles could be brought from another location.
The woman who helped me was friendly and courteous after I told I wouldn't tolerate her being rude or hurrying me along like she had been.
When I made the reservation online it said nothing about what I needed to bring in person.
Obviously you need to have your drivers licence but you also need a current utility bill showing the address matches what is on your DL.
I don't know how many people usually carry their utility bills in the car because I pay mine online.
After finally getting a copy of my power bill to them all was fine.
The car ran good and would rent from this place again if I had to.
*Have your drivers license and a current utility bill with matching addresses on them.
*If you book for longer then 5 days you get a discount.
*I was also told they keep the top 2% of their vehicles with low mileage to sell and anybody can walk in or call for details on cars they currently have for sale.

This was the worst place I've ever dealt with.
I was heavily medicated with pain pill, in a long leg cast, in a wheel chair in a van.
Enterprise was explaining the things I needed to initial.
I hardly remember being there but my car was totaled and insurance was paying $35/day for the rental.
After the car was turned in( story later) one month later my credit card reflected a $966 charge as my responsibility for added insurance coverage.
Why would I buy additional insurance when my auto insurance was renting the car.
My credit card will not dispute because my initials are on the form I guess.
Enterprise slogan states," we will come to you".
Just try that on the return.
We were told the rental had to be returned where it was rented, even when there was an Enterprise across the street from the dealer where I bought a new car.
On investigation I learned the manager wanted to vehicle because he had it rented again early thr next morning.
I'm not able to write what the manager Chad was like to deal with because it would be immoral.
Anyone can call me at 702-243-0535 Tom Chekal

Very friendly staff.
Great personal service.
I needed a minivan.
They offered a journey but the inside height was not tall enough for items I was transporting  They drove to another location to bring a minivan back.
The went the extra mile to help me get what I needed.

Staff was awesome.
I didn't have my id on me and they gave me a ride to my home so I could get it and stayed open a little later to do my contact.
Car was not the best...it smelled like sweat.
But they picked me up from my work and dropped me back.
Prices were a bit more then I usually pay but oh wells.

About a month ago my family discussed going to Zion National Park for a day.
The problem was there was to be six of us and all of our cars only seat five.
So the solution was to rent a van that could hold us all and split the cost.
So last Wednesday I found myself at Enterprise and ready to head to Zion in a minivan.
Ugh, a minivan.
That is just what a 30 year old single man with no kids wants to be seen in.
It actually tunred out to be a nice vehicle.
A new Dodge Grand Caravan.
But nevermind that now.
Enterprise ensured that I would have it though I had to wait a spell.
They had two vans to use.
One of which was scheduled for routine maintenance.
They took the wrong one and had to bring it back to for my use of it.
They were apologetic and tried to make the most of the slight delay of about 20 minutes.
It was not long before my dad and I found outselves talking to the customer service lady about the park.
She was giving us pointers on where to go and what to see when we got there at she herself had just been there a couple of weeks prior.
Soon enough we were on the road and prepared to see the natural wonder for ourselves.
The next morning I dropped off the van and business was completed.
It was not a bad experience and probably one of the most friendly I have had when dealing with a rental car place.

OMG!!!!!!
I have to get this branch a HUGE Shout out....even before I go pick up my rental!!!
I just finished completing an online reservation when the phone rang.
It was from this branch confirming the reservation and asking if I needed anything else!!
Astounding!!
What service.....that is a new bar set up a few notches!!!
Way to go Enterprise

