Don't ask me why I was here, I could tell you a million stories.
Apparently it seems to be a LV favorite to the locals, but clearly they (and no offense to them) Don't know good sushi.
Being from Seattle and now living in the Bay area is is very seldom that I have REALLY bad sushi, but I have to question if this was flown in from the Stockton Delta?
Nothing fresh about it, and they were very concerned about us not finishing all of our food so I simply asked..."well what do you do with it if we don't eat it all?
" the response..."we serve it to other tables" SICK.
They get one star for the friendly service and dealing.
After trying two pieces...I thought I better stick with a bowl of white rice.

I HATE THIS PLACE!
I threw up after dinner.
Good service, bad sushi.

I went here on my recent trip to Vegas and really liked this place.
On Sundays and Mondays, they have all you can eat sushi bar with all you can drink beer and sake for only $25!
What a great deal!
Despite the other reviews, I thought the sushi was pretty fresh.
Remember, you get what you pay for, and for $25, it was $25 fresh!
It was pretty good (not excellent though).
They have a wide variety of rolls and I didn't get sick.
In fact, we had a group of 8 and everyone liked it and no one got sick.
Don't get me wrong, I have had high quality and poor quality sushi and this was above average.
Included in the $25 is all you can eat dessert as well which included 3 choices of dessert: green tea ice cream, strawberry mochi ice cream and one other red bean dessert.
We ordered only a few desserts as everyone was full, but found ourselves ordering more and more dessert since it was so good (and fresh)!
I only gave this place 4 stars because of the beer and sake.
Honestly the sake tasted like isopropyl alcohol (although I am not a sake connoisseur) and they only had 2 beer choices (and they were domestic beer!).
But seriously for $25, what more can you ask for?
All in all, I think this place is at least worth a try.
All the locals love it and besides, after you lose all your money in Vegas, why not spend your last $25 on a meal you'll feel good about?

Located off the Strip, Sushi on Rainbow's a pretty unassuming place located in (surprise) one of Vegas' many strip malls.
The place was easy to find via car and not terribly busy.
Two things set this all you can eat sushi place from places like Todai.
One, they roll the sushi when you place the order (which makes them fresher).
Two, they include their specialty rolls in their all-you-can-eat special.
I don't know of any place that would include Caterpillar Rolls, Dragon Rolls, etc in their buffet.
Essentially, 3 specialty rolls will get you your money's worth at this place.
My date and I have been to quite a few sushi places and when we go all out, our bill typically ends up north of the $120 mark.
A $50 bill for the two of us was quite the bargain, especially since the quality was comparable to places like Sushi Roku and Kaizen.
The staff is friendly and efficient.
The restaurant itself is clean and comfortable.
Skip the more expensive places on the Strip and get your fill at Sushi on Rainbow.
In response to the people below who claimed that the waiters and waitresses recycle sushi, that's bull.
I sat at the bar and watched them throw away uneaten sushi through the kitchen door.
The sushi is rolled right after you order them not once was anything re-served.
The staff will charge you however, for any uneaten sushi.

Recycled sushi?
That's simply nonsense.
That would be a direct health code violation and they'd be closed-down in no time flat if that were true.
I'm sure this ''Lisa" just had a bad experience with the waitresses scolding them about having to actually finish their all-you-can-eat sushi on their plate (common sense), and twisted her story a little.
Just as a matter of perspective, I'm Japanese, and I've spent many years in Japan eating all sorts of authentic sushi including ones near Tsukiji market.
I've also never been a big fan of the fancy Americanized "rolls" so prevalent in this side of the world.
I like sushi, fish on rice, what sushi is meant to be.
With that said, for an all-you-can-eat sushi place Sushi on Rainbow is definitely way above average.
I'm a Las Vegas local, and all-you-can-eat sushi restaurants are popping up all over town like check-cashing joints, most of which are run by Chinese or Korean owners (some even Mexican).
No offense to my Chinese/Korean friends, but for the most part, they are clueless as to what fresh sushi is all about.
One place in particular had the nerve to serve me tilapia straight from the gutter and claimed it was halibut.
The guys behind the counter at Sushi on Rainbow on the other hand are actually Japanese and take pride in what they serve, specifically a guy named Yoshi, who not only serves sushi right but is a hoot to talk to.
Be sure to sit in front of Yoshi and you will not go wrong.
By far a locals' favorite, a very casual atmosphere (pretty much a hole in the wall) where running into local strip performers/ UFC fighters is certainly not uncommon.
They serve aji (spanish mackerel) and sometimes fatty tuna, which is a rare find at an all-you-can-eat place.
Pretty good quality, again, for an all-you-can-eat place.
Amaebi also served included in the lunch menu unlike the "dinner-only" soup nazis found elsewhere.
If you're a lover of rolls you're probably better off going to the plethora of sushi joints in town that serve you sushi with sprinkled coconut or chocolate syrup and find nothing morally wrong with it.
If you want above-average quality sushi, real sushi, the way they should be served, at a bargain price of $25, Sushi on Rainbow is highly recommended.

I was taken here by a friend who lives in Vegas.
This is her and her fiance's favorite sushi spots.
I was a bit skeptical, I must admit as it is located in an unassuming strip mall.
Not really pretty.
But, aren't these types of places known to be a gem?
Indeed it was.
For $25, you can't go wrong.
They have an all-you-can eat menu to which you order and they make it for you right then and there.
Absolutely fresh!
What I liked about the all you can eat menu was that they had items on there that I normally don't see on an all you can eat menu.
Items such as grilled octopus and oysters.
The all you can eat menu is not only limited to the sushi and the rolls but they have an all you can eat appetizer section, which I found was awesome!
You also get a ice cream for dessert.
But, we weren't sure if it's all you can eat, too.
You would think, right?

This is one of the first all you can eat sushi joints I found when I moved to my new house in Las Vegas.
It's a great deal, especially on Sundays and Mondays when they include all you can drink sake and bud lights as part of their dinner.
Sushi is tasty, and the chefs are good and quick.
When I'm not near Sushi Mon, I'll always hit up this great sushi joint.

I have been to this one several times now.
The sushi is great and the chefs are good and quick.
It offers an excellent menu, but if you are going for the all-you-can-eat option, you have to be aware of the one hour time limit.
Prices are reasonable, presentation is simple and the staff is friendly.
Definitely a gem in an otherwise dank-looking strip mall.

This place came by as a recommendation from a friend who knows Vegas fairly well.
(Thanks Joy!
) My betches and I were craving sushi, and we didn't want anything on the strip.
After a 20 minute cab ride, we arrived here.
The 2 of them ordered the sashimi dinner, which was $15.
It came with your standard miso soup, salad, white rice, and then A LOT OF SASHIMI.
For $15, it was a freaking STEAL.
The two of them ate nearly every single piece.
I stuck with an order of nigiri and a salmon skin roll, just to be safe.
The roll itself was pretty big and it was delicious.
I mean, it's not the greatest sushi in the world but its definitely not the worst - it's decent.

The Best of the Best for All you can eat Sushi!

My dad took me here after 4 years of having really pathetic excuses for sushi places in Texas.
The chef was really friendly, and we both had all you can eat lunches for $25 each.
I stuck mostly to salmon nigiri and unagi nigiri, but I'd recommend the pepper tuna, which wasnt spicy at all.
Also, it wasnt crowded and everything tasted really fresh.

Thanks for Yelp on my phone,or else i would have to settle for some other typ of food and not my craving for sushi....
Tried one popular establishment before finding this one, the first one opened at 5pm, this one was already opened, ended up finding this Gem.
Oh what a find it was for me.
My buddy and I had the following  Dragon Roll Philly Roll Oh Philly Roll (Fried/Crunchy) Volcano Roll 911 Roll (Bigtime Spicy!
) Gone w/ the Wind (Salmon-Best) Salmon Roll 3 Orders of Gyoza Teriyaki Chicken Yakitori (Skewers) Edamame Tempura Shrimp  I know, I know, but i love this type of food !
All the rolls and sides were excellent, Everything was fresh and tasty, If your near, stop by.....
Lunch: $21.95   Dinner: $26.95

ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GET TO THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!
Officially, the West Coast NBC News Crew best sushi in Vegas......
If we are in Vegas, working or not, we WILL be there.
This is an old review, read below.
I goofed on the updating review option.
I was the fourth person to review this place in terms of the date 7/2007.
Alright....
I'm here to tell you that Sushi On Rainbow is a hidden jewel in Las Vegas.
I did my research two years ago (Summer 2007) and it paid off.
This is not only destination #1 when I come back to Vegas.
I also take my friends there who are picky about their sushi and they walk away very happy and are sure to return with or without me.
The service goes right along with the food.
If you ask the sushi chef to make you specials after you have tried everything, you'll love it.
PAY ATTENTION FOLKS.......  Sunday and Monday are all you can eat and drink nights.
House sake and Bud Lite.
What are you waiting for?
The only bad thing is that I live in California and not down the street from Sushi On Rainbow.....
I need more news production work in Vegas!!!!!
BTW, those old reviews from SF and Seattle are just haters, they probably had to pay their own bill because they had no date to pay for them.
What kind of answer do you want if you ask a stupid question like ..."well what do you do with it if we don't eat it all?
"  I love the answer they gave.... See Lisa, K review below.

I always eat here... A good selection of sushi and the price is right.
The all-u-can-eat is $25.95 for dinner for 60 minutes.... my favorite roll on the menu is the Volcano roll, it's heated up with a special mayo sauce on top.

This place is one of the reasons I look forward to coming to Vegas.
On Sunday it's all you can eat PLUS all you can drink sake or beer.
It's heaven to me.
The rolls are huge and the fish is fresh.
I love the sake quail shooters and usually down at least 3 -4 on every visit.
Must visit!

All you can eat sushi?!
OH YEAH,  I love this place!
Another place I look forward to when in Vegas.
We usually eat here sundays or mondays because its all you can eat sushi & all you can drink sake and beer!
This place is like heaven for me, I'm a skinny guy but can eat and drink more than plenty for my size.
The waitress takes your order and we usually order everything at once, sushi galore here we come!
I personally love their mahi mahi express and volcano # 2 rolls, deep fried scallops/salmon/cream cheese smothered in yum yum sauce = *drool!
Everything here is so fresh for a all you can eat joint.
Like starving unruly beasts who just broke out of their cages, we devoured everything in sight.
Like champions there was nothing we could not eat or was in our way.
Except the monster roll, omfg!
the monster roll is this truly horrible roll that will intimidate any eater.
A 5 piece roll that is so mammoth in size, it alone can do you in easily to food coma paradise.
I have no idea why my friend thought it was a good idea to get the monster roll towards the end of our stay here.
We were getting near full at this point.
Maybe he wanted to pique his curiosity, maybe he thought was funny to make us suffer with more food, who knows.
But the plan backfired as you will be charged for uneaten food and since he ordered it, he had to finish it.
He was literally in pain just looking at this beastly roll.
It was like a episode of Man Vs. Food, fail edition as he could only finish 1 piece of this monstrosity.
Overall this is a great place, a diamond in the rough.
Not many places that provide all you can eat and drink at a great price with great quality.
I had so much food I ate myself sober from all that sake, it was that great!
It's too bad our personal chef Yoshi wasn't there, he's really great and entertaining with his magic tricks.
There was one weird incident that happened after the end of the night.
I had constant back to back nightmares that resulted in me waking up sweating balls every hour.
This has never happened to me before, but now that I think about it, it has to be that monster roll I had to eat to help out my friend.
Respect the monster roll aarrrghrigato!

After waiting and trying some of the casino buffets, my wife had enough.
She really wanted a good sushi buffet.
We found this place on here and we're so, so glad we did!
We came on a Sunday night so they had all you can eat sushi with endless beer/sake (limited choices on the liquor but if it's endless, can you really complain?
)    This was great as it was made-upon-ordering type buffet so you didn't need to worry about food sitting out for who-knows-when.
You look through an extensive menu, pick out nigri or rolls or side items (like soup, seaweed salad, etc), and give your order to a waitress.
What put the "cherry on top" on the experience was they had uni and sweet shrimp that was fresh (note: these were NOT on the menu - my wife had to ask if they were available and they said yes!
You are limited to get only one order of two pieces per person on these, but there's no extra charge to the buffet price)  It is a bit of a drive from the Strip.
After going a few miles, I thought I had wrong directions but simply trust your GPS and keep on driving Westward and it'll be on your right in a small strip mall set back from the road.
Keep your eyes peeled but you won't be disappointed if you're there for the buffet.
Yum!
Normally, I would rate this at 4 stars (while fresh, still can't beat Japan), but going to put it at 5 stars to counter some unfair ratings.
I believe 4 stars is a fair rating for this place - little ambiance but very good for the price.

Oh Yeah!
All you can eat sushi - including specialty rolls and nigiri - AND all you can drink house hot saki?
Are you kidding?
I am SO THERE!
Of course, if you want to get the royal treatment at a sushi restaurant, you must sit at the bar, in front of the sushi chefs.
Ah, he made our night!
Was making up new rolls and sushi for us based on what we had liked and ordered, saki shots for all (warning for the squeamish: these are shots of saki, soy sauce, raw quail egg, topped with green onions), and a great time.
And you must go in understanding that you are in the middle of a desert.
So, "fresh sushi" has a different meaning that my land of San Diego.
Even knowing this, though, I have to admit that I was impressed with the quality and selection of the sushi there.
Awesome rolls!
I'm not usually a roll kinda girl (stick with the basic, wonderful fresh fish), but these were innovative and flavourful - mmmmmm......   Good service, and yummy food.
A bit lacking in the decor and atmosphere of the place, but seriously, you give me plum wine ice cream at the end of the meal, and all that is forgotten :-)   Can't wait to come back here!
Oh, I think it was ~ $27 pp for the sushi/saki, and I saw it was a bit less if you went for lunch.
FYI: Gotta go on Sunday or Monday to get the saki or beer part of the deal.

I'm originally from Chicago, but I kept hearing about this place on Rainbow.
Since I am still new to the area I am always willing to try new places so I know where to go for a good dinning experience in the future.
This place was great!
Obviously I have had better sushi and the presentation at this place isn't the best but when considering the exceptional value it is more than worth it.
They have an enormous sushi menu, unlike most other all you can eat places, and they do not skimp on the amount of food.
The service is very good and friendly and you can order as much as you want at anytime, once again unlike most other all-u-can eat sushi places.
I especially like to go on Sunday and sit near the sushio bar and eat to my hearts content and drink enough sake to sink a ship.
By the way on sunday the price includes all-you-can drink budlight and house hot sake.
Anyway this little sushi bar is excellent and I have made it a weekly routine, I'm sure most who visit this place will do the same.

To me, this is the best place in town.
Its rarely crowded, the service is prompt, and the food is great.
Try the "New York Girl in Vegas" roll or the "Peppered Tuna" hand roll.

This is my most favorite place to eat sushi in Las Vegas.
The sushi is so delicious!
When the place isn't extremely busy (like on NYE), the service is also excellent.
My husband and I always opt for the All-We-Can-Eat option.
It's so worth it.
And on different nights, they have specials like Ladies Night, All-You-Can-Drink, etc.
I absolutely love the New York Girl in Vegas Roll...so refreshing.
And after I've stuffed myself with All-I-Can-Eat sushi, I gotta remember to make room for ice cream.
Green tea is my favorite!
The perfect ending to a meal full of yummy raw fish goodness.
And to top it all off, they do a stamp card...buy 10 All-You-Can-Eat meals, get one free.
We go so often anyway that we reach 10 in no time!

I've been here a couple of times.
I've had their all-you-can eat sushi, which was fantastic, but too much for me.
This past week I went there and ordered their saba, which was quite good.
One thing that I like about this place is that it is out of the traffic and bustle of the Vegas strip, yet it has a Japanese ambiance to the place.
The guys that prepare the food are Japanese so that's a big plus.
Will definitively return many more times.

Best all you can eat sushi I have had in Las Vegas.
Great assortment of specialty rolls.
The chefs made great suggestions based on what I like.
I'll go back again.

I cannot say ENOUGH good things about sushi on rainbow, my husband and I are sushiaholics!!
...
So...we have been to several places in town including Sushi Mon, i cant remember the name but the sushi place right across the street from Sushi Mon in Summerlin, off of Sahara...Osaka, Ginja Sushi, and even others with the same menu like Sushi on Tropicana, and Sushi Mon, Sushi on Rainbow is the BEST, out of all of them, and even though we dont live in Summerlin anymore, we are now in Henderson 25 miles away, we still go to this place.
I love Sundays and Monday's the all you can eat and drink is great, they also have other deals like ladie's night, and happy hour specials, just call ahead and check.
Our favorite rolls are Ah Chi Chi, not as hot as you would think... Paradise Roll Dragon Roll Monster and CHUBBY roll... oh and the calamari is good too i like to get that to eat between rolls Did I mention me and my husband eat like 12 rolls?
HAHA!
Yoshi is our favorite...my husband likes to stand at the bar while he eats because he thinks he can eat more sushi that way LOL, yoshi always thinks that is funny, and not to mention he has magic fingers!!!!!!
he can make like 4 rolls in 1 minute!
There is another chef that is a bit on the slow side, other than that they usually have two chef's by 5:00  Don't waste money anywhere else in vegas on sushi, just come here!!!!
If i could give it more than 5 star's I WOULD!
I do have photo's of some of the rolls on my profile here!
BEWARE the photos will make your mouth water!

Pricey for a very limited menu which gives a lot of rice for sushi and rolls.
Went here for AYCE.
The service was pretty good, it was fast.
The server automatically split the bill for my group, so that earned them an extra star.
The sushi was nice and big, but so was the amount of rice underneath it.
The AYCE menu is very limited for $22.95 for lunch.
There was no sea urchin/uni they said it was only available for dinner, but it wasn't even on the menu.
Mochi ice cream for desert was not included either.
Desert was plum ice cream, mochi ice cream, red bean ice cream, and orange slices.
I mean, really?
Not even a 1 piece limit on mochi ice cream?
The rolls that were ordered had a lot of rice.
not too much filling.
at least the fried oysters and shrimp tempura was pretty good.
The ahipoke was more like cucumber and seaweed salad with a couple pieces of ahipoke.
That dish definitely did not capture the essence of what ahipoke is.
Even though this  place is a convenient location near my side of town, the best all you can eat sushi is still Sushi Mon on Maryland Parkway in the south part of las vegas.
They have the best variety and stay true to sushi.

This place has been open for so long!
It might have been my first AYCE sushi too!
I used to go here to satisfy my craving for tons of sushi, until I discovered Sushi Mon (which is closer to my work).
This place still holds true though.
The last time I went the fish was still fresh and the rolls were still delicious.
The only complaint about this restaurant now is the location and the size of the place.
The bathrooms aren't all that clean either.

So I come here a lot because it is right in the midle between work and home, I usually order to go... i like this place because their prices are fair and ive never had a problem with smelly fish.
I love their hawaiian roll... Ive taking my sister here a couple time for all you can eat.
defiently worth it.
the best sushi ive had in vegas so far

I love Sushi on Rainbow!
!They have best all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas and specially I love their Sunday and Monday All you can drink!
It's the best deal..you can't beat that!
They are so friendly and kind..food is just great!
I love this place and you should try this place too :)

Amazing sushi.
And the biggest rarity in vegas, it's actually a Japanese sushi bar!
Great stuff.
To set some context about what I like, I prefer nigiri and my favorites are uni and ikura.
Both are excellent.
Yes I think that qualifies me as a die hard sushi fan :).
The service is always exceptional!
Sushi on Rianbow is in my weekly rotation.
This is a must frequent!

It's Thursday and I'm starving at work so I decided to head across the street and take advantage of their ladies special where AYCE lunch is $19.95 instead of the $23.95.
(and dinner is $23.95 instead of $26.95).
From the apps I had the poke which was more like a tuna cucumber salad.
Good, but not really Hawaiian poke.
Nigiri Cajun Albacore was delicious.
Fresh and had nice seasoning.
Plain albacore was also very fresh Yellowtail- good, but not great...texture slightly off.
Unagi- pretty decent.
Now I normally go very basic and don't like too many creamy sauces but that pepper tuna and pepper salmon nigiri with a creamy kinda garlicky sauce and onions was really good!
I kept ordering it.
It's kinda a cross  between nigiri and a roll due to the sauce.
Salmon skin hand roll- very good, really crispy skin.
I like that it wasnt drowned in any sauce since it takes away from the salmon skin taste.
I like mine best traditional with just some sprouts, gobo, and cucumbers.
No fancy frills.
Half rolls- moon roll and something else...it was a cajun albacore/spicy tuna roll.
They were okay, but I'm not a roll person.
It's exactly the same as a Sushi Mon roll, but somehow it was better at Sushi Mon.
That's one thing I'm confused about- the menu is almost the same as Sushi Mon....is it owned by the same people?
A copy?
It's a small place and I dont mind hole in the wall, but it was a bit dirty in there.
Service though is attentive and the sushi chefs make sure to not keep people waiting too long for food.
It's alright for certain things.
If I'm in the mood for more "flavored" nigiris then I'll come here since it's across from work and $19 isnt bad of a price.
Otherwise, straight unadulterated nigiri I have other haunts.

Ok so I have to update my review and give them another star!
I have spent a lot of time recentley traveling and have not have too much time to go to this place (one of my favorites!
)  Anyway since I've been making it my weekly tradition again I must say they are better than ever.
Last time I was there the service was extra good and so was the sushi.
I have some friends coming in from out of town soon and I can't wait to take them there....I don't think they believe me when I say it exists!
Trust me when I say places this resonable,  equally good, and with such a huge selection do not exist in Chicago.
In fact i'm heading there tonight to eat some sushi and hopefully they have the ALCS on.
Trust me guys don't let this place get away!

So I came for another work lunch since they have decent lunch specials and just wanted something simple.
This visit was made uncomfortable by a health inspection going on.
The most important thing for me was that they didnt make a stink on the temperature or cleanliness of the sushi because it was fine.
That is by far the number one thing because that's what I'm eating.
The chef washes their hands religiously between different orders and when coming back to the bar from the back- second most important thing.
What made it uncomfortable is that I'm sitting at the bar and two inspectors are reaming the sushi chef about this and that.
That's just not cool to do in front of customers even if it is a kitchen nightmare.
I almost said something about some points being made.
Like somehow they said you cant prepare sushi without gloves and that it is violation.
What?!
What sushi place, hell, what food kitchen wears gloves?!
I don't want fucking glove particles in food and almost no respectable high end chef will agree with that being "cleaner".
Apparently you have to have a contract with the city for it.....err, that just sounds like some sort of business racket that they probably charge money to obtain.
You can "feel" the right cut of fish with gloves on.
They got on him about not having a 3 compartment sink.
They had two separate small sinks..... etc, etc.
I think the health inspection is a fabulous idea but they get really hung up on the details that are trivial.
I had to leave and stuffed my food in my mouth fast.
I was getting really annoyed at how unprofessional it was to be discussing this in front of me.

I can see that from their inspection I witnessed (see last review) that there has been some changes to the place.
It's kinda the same but I notice it's a lot cleaner around the edges like they deep cleaned.
They have another sink.
The chef was using gloves while making sushi...which I find kinda awkward.
The toppings (like diced green onion) was in the sushi fridge instead of sitting by the cutting boards.
The stacks of plates just looked neater.
Food is alright.
It's decent for a work lunch.
Just thought I'd add about the changes since a few Yelpers have talked about health inspections recently.
Seems to have improved the place.

Randomly walked in here for lunch when I was in the area.
I was so pleasantly surprised!
The sushi was super fresh, and I would never expect such good quality for cheap all you can eat.
This is some of the best fish I've had in a while, and for the price, it just can't be beat!

You have to try there Monster Roll!

Sushi On Rainbow is not going to win any awards for being the nicest or newest looking sushi restaurant in Las Vegas, but it is a good sushi restaurant with some of the more enticing promotions.
Can you say All You Can Drink?
And I am not even a drinker!
Anyway, this AYCD promotion is valid during dinner time on Sundays and Mondays.
Which is a great deal when you only have to pay the regular $26.95 dinner AYCE price.
House sake or Bud Light are the alcohol you can get with this deal, or Coke, Sprite or iced tea for the non-alchies.
I came here for dinner as part of an event setup by a Sushi group on Meetup.
Although our entire party was Asian from various countries, the restaurant seems to attract a broad spectrum of customers, which is always nice to see.
Like just about all the AYCE sushi restaurants in town, Uni, Ama Ebi are limited to one order per person, even though you will not find them on the AYCE menu.
But their selection of nigiris and rolls are enough to fill both sides of their AYCE menu.
And if the chefs are not super busy, they will make whatever you want as long as they have the ingredients on hand.
My new favorite is masago with quail egg on top of cooked shrimp, which is a fancy version of the masago and quail egg that I typically ordered.
Thanks Sushi Chef for pimping my roll :)  Their Pepper Tuna Nigiri was good.
The Tiger Roll too!
Decor: 3/5  Simple, showing some age.
Service: 4.5/5  The waitresses did their best looking after all the customers in the restaurant.
Plates were cleared quickly, sake and beer orders were delivered promptly.
Sushi chefs did their best preparing all the orders our group of ten was sending their way.
Location:  Corner of Spring Mountain and Rainbow (same plaza as Greenland Supermarket).
Not too far if you are cabbing it from the the Wynn and nearby casinos, otherwise it is pretty much for locals.
Food:  3.5/5

I was actually in search of Hikari, but my internet on my crummy phone sucks and wasn't loading and I didn't have the address or even the name handy just a vague innacurate memory (mine) on where it was...blah, so after driving around a bit, we ended up choosing this place due to time restraints to get to a show.
I am going to rate this place based on all the AYCE sushi restaurants I have tried.
Compared to them, this is definitely 5 stars for the freshness and quality of the fish, the only think I didn't like on this visit was the yellowtail, which was fine.....but I have had better, everything else was fresh  and tasty.
The other two things that stood out was this was not only AYCE sushi but also all you can drink beer or sake was included as well....too bad I had ta drive and couldn't partake but oh well...maybe next time...and they did not use imitation crab in their sushi but the real deal, which is extremely rare for AYCE at this price point.
The sushi chef Sho-san was extremely friendly and approachable, gave us awesome suggestions and was willing to work with us to make any changes to any rolls to ensure our happiness and never gave us any attitude.
They have a A rating from the health dept.
displayed and I will definitely return given the chance

I really enjoyed their sushi, at least the ones that actually came to our table.
We didn't get half of what we ordered, and after the 1st few plates of sushi that came, it took about 20 minutes to get the next batch, and another almost-20 minutes for the next one.
This was for "All You Can Eat" too.
Service was very, very, very slow.
In fact, for the most part the experience was boring.
What kind of AYCE establishment imposes 20 minute break between two bites?
It's a bit cheap considering the 1 hour time limit to dine combined with snail-slow service, but at least they didn't kick us out for staying longer and we stayed for nearly 2 hours.
They were nice enough to keep us for that long.
Fortunately being slow doesn't affect the fact that their sushi is delicious and fresh :)

friendly staff!
quick and delicious rolls!

This is one of my recommended sushi venues in Chinatown.
For some reason, I can't seem to find good sushi joints around Chinatown or Spring Mountain, but Sushi on Rainbow is an exception.
They are not lip-smacking irresistibly good, but they aren't too shabby either.
The interior is decent, but a little old.
The sushi chefs are Japanese and they do a pretty good job with the sushi.
There isn't too much rice with the sushi, and the fish is relatively always fresh.
I always do the specials such as the bento boxes that come with sashimi along with a side of miso soup.
I don't do AYCE very often nowadays, and I never tried it here so I can't comment on that.
I don't know what it is about this place but I like it.
It's a safe destination, you don't need to worry about eating bad fish or waiting forever because the place is packed.
Sushi on Rainbow is very functional in what they do, but they do it good enough that it's easy for me to make the recommendations to someone else.
Overall, it's not memorable or a crazy unforgettable Japanese sushi experience, but it's functional and a decent sushi joint.

I live and work close by so this is my go to spot for a quick and yummy take out lunch.
I always take out have never actually sat and dined in.
They have daily specials, I usually get the teriyaki chicken, a roll and salad lunch special combo.
Quick and great every time.
The food is fresh and leaves me full without that heavy feeling!
Portions and price are good!

Finally found a great All-You-Can-Eat Sushi place....thanks to researching reviews on the web.
We took a client here who was staying at the Rio, so it was the only Sushi place nearby.
A great find -  not a fancy place, but the food and service were fantastic!
The place is small, but quiet enough so you could actually carry on a conversation.
Not only AYCE sushi, but Bud light, too!
(Sunday through Wednesday, according to signage).
Staff was friendly, food was made to order, and was served in a timely manner.
Going back soon!

Came here with a big group and got the all you can eat.
The sushi was pretty good here and the rolls aren't loaded with a lot of rice.
Plus!
But some of the stuff we ordered either never came or came so much later.
Overall, a decent place to get sushi in vegas.

The service was amazing, I was thinking that since their "all you can eat" sushi deal was only for an hour, we were going to get gipped but I couldn't be more wrong.
Every order was brought to the table super fast, no way I could eat all of that in an hour.
The menu was very extensive, tons of new things to try.

Location: This is definitely my sushi joint everyone has their own well this place is mine!
I love the urban feel of this place.
Its like a hole in the wall no one really knows about it but every body loves it.
Like its your own secret spot :)   Customer Service: is great!
the servers are older Japanese women so they really treat you like their own.
The chef is hilarious!
Definitely if you sit at the bar expect some laughs.
Food: is delicious if you love baked muscles with yum yum sauce on them this place is the best.
I've tried Goyemons, sushi factory, Kaya etc and I've compared all none of them beat sushi on rainbows style.
I love their Nigiri portions, big slices and little rice!
Price: Great, definitely the cheapest AYCE dinner I've found and their lunch specials bento boxes are a great deal.
You get so much food for $7!

Sushi on Rainbow is seriously one of the biggest hidden gems in Spring Valley.
The woman who seems to be the main waitress has been there for as long as I can remember.
I almost always go for lunch, although once I took a friend for dinner.
Here's what it boils down to.
The service is fantastic, and attentive in all the right ways.
Very kind, very welcoming staff - you always are greeted warmly.
The atmosphere - low key, friendly, simple decor (nothing crazy).
The vibe seems to be very "neighborly", as there are plenty of regulars that come here.
The specials are fantastic.
I mostly crave the basic lunch special (bento with teriyaki beef, california roll, salad, edamame, etc).
that is less than $6 total.
My mother likes the saba special or ordering two special rolls (both around $8).
We typically order a side of whatever nigiri/rolls we're craving in addition to the specials.
The nigiri sushi here is like it should be - little rice, and a fresh generous slice of fish on top.
The All You Can Eat is also great, although I rarely order it since the lunch special is so cheap and delicious.
My mother enjoys it from time to time though, and the quality of the sushi is well worth it.
They have a Ladies Night each week as well that I need to look into...

Went to eat here after not eating sushi for about 5 months....
Still good like I remember and they added a few items I don't recall on the previous menu.... One of which was 'peppered tuna' roll, a baked 'ocean' roll and a 'bbq' roll..... definately all 3 were delicious and I got my usual 'volcano roll'

I had the tempura lunch and I GOT SO MUCH FOOD!!!
:D  The lunch came with two shrimp tempura, kabocha tempura, eggplant tempura and zucchini tempura, a mound of rice, a little salad, miso soup, 8 California rolls... all included under $10!!!
Not only was it affordable, it was delicious!
Definitely coming back to try more sushi.

We tried the AYCE sushi and ate at the counter.
Our sushi chef was very friendly and multitasked between our orders and the orders coming from the tables.
He even put in some of our orders for non-sushi items when the servers were unavailable.
And this is where they lose a star: the sushi chef shouldn't have to go back to kitchen to put in our order.
It was obvious that they were understaffed that night (2 servers and 40-50 people, split into about 10 parties).
Hope they get another server or a busser.

I LOVE LOVE this place!!
so good!
Friendly and quick service!

Your local neighborhood sushi bar that isn't too high end, and is perfect for when you want to do carryout or are looking to satisfy your cravings in an area that's a little more downscale than most sushi bars (as in, it's not overdone with decorations, atmosphere, etc.
)  I use this place for carryout mainly, the portions you get are generous for the decent prices of the rolls.
A couple times I've eaten at the bar, and the service was fast and friendly.
The chefs are definitely warm hearted and unlike others who have a 'shogun' attitude, are open to chat with you about anything.
If there was a 3.5 I'd give it that, just because it's a decent place with decent prices.
Great service, fast service, and a variety to choose from.

A Las Vegas hidden gem!
So yummy and affordable and friendly servers!
I order the box combos usually.
Love the Teriyaki Beef, Salmon, Tempura, etc!

I think Hootie B. nails it on this one.
In my experience, the service is "hit or miss" but for the price and quality, it's a nice find.
I wouldn't go out of my way for it, but I would stop by if in the area and jonesing for sushi.

Being half Japanese & growing up in Japan I'm pretty picky when it comes to sushi or any Japanese restaurant.
Sushi on Rainbow did not disappoint.
My friends indulged in my cravings and agreed to eat sushi.
Not familiar with any sushi places in Vegas and one of the rare moments my friends have EVER asked me to jump on Yelp & find a place, I was stoked!
Usually when I whip out my phone and start yelping it's amongst groans and moans from them.
"Emy put the phone down!
" "Seriously dude, do you have to yelp everything???
" Sometimes I would Yelp while walking and a few times almost face planted into something.
Though my friends were annoyed with my constant Yelping, they were nice enough to guide me while I was walking and typing.
So yea, I was pretty happy they were turning to YELP for suggestions.
This was my moment to either shine or worse - tank.
Sushi on Rainbow was close to where we were at and the Yelp reviews were pretty good so I threw caution to the wind and announced, "I found the perfect place!".
Fingers crossed and a silent prayer to the Yelp gods, we walk into SOR and was immediately greeted with "irrashaimase" in the right pronunciation...yeeesss, there is a Yelp god!
It was AYCE sushi and other Japanese dishes such as tempura, fried oysters, curry rice, katsu etc.
As some Yelpers have pointed out there is an hour time limit but this is common in Japan of any AYCE restaurant so this was not a big deal to me.
I forgot how much it was per person but I did upload a couple of pics here that have the pricing on it.
We all def ate and drank more than our money's worth in the allotted time.
The sushi we ordered came out relatively quickly and so did the non-sushi items.
I was amazed at all the things they offer for AYCE!
It was delish!
The night we were there, beer, sake and soft drinks were also included in the AYCE eat.
After establishing who the DD was (gotta be responsible ppl) we all ordered sake.
The sushi chef's were very friendly and personable so were the waitresses.
The sushi chefs would call out from time to time to ask us how we were doing.
Like I said, very friendly.
One of the waitresses was from my hometown in Japan and lived about 10 mins from me.
It was fun talking to her in Japanese especially since my friends hardly ever hear me speak it.
So yea, I got to bust out my Japanese...lol.
Ok getting side tracked.
I can't remember everything we ordered but the sushi was very fresh.
I always start with hamachi (don't know what it's called in English) and it was very good.
Salmon and maguro followed.
Plus spicy tuna and a few speciality rolls.
Also ordered the shrimp tempura, fried oysters and tonkatsu (pork cutlet).
Yes, I'm a little oinker!
One hour was plenty of time for us to fill our bellies on endless sushi and sake.
Like I mentioned we hardly had to wait and the restaurant was a bit busy.
The sushi counter was full when we got there and there were 3 tables that were occupied.
The 2 sushi chefs both from Japan, were making the sushi and the cooks in the back were making the other dishes,   This will be MUST GO TO restaurant every time I go to Vegas.
Oh and btw, one of the sushi chefs was wearing a UH cap and told me they get lots of customers from Hawaii.
As for converting my friends to Yelp that's another issue lol.
I did score some big points on this once.
(Fist pump!
) Oh wait, I did convert one person, who just set up an account!
If you're looking for authentic Japanese sushi & food this place is the place to go.
I've been to other Japanese restaurants in Vegas that were highly recommended by locals only to be disappointed that it wasn't authentic.
I mean come on, shrimp tempura is not panko crusted shrimp...that's called shrimp fry.
So glad I found this place thanks to Yelp.
1 point Emy / 0 points friends who I will eventually convert to becoming Yelpers.
Bwuahahaha

I found the service to be very personable (particularly when you sit at the bar).
My friend is gluten free and usually brings his own tamari sauce, so when he took out his bottle, the sushi chef looked at it and was "ah no no put that away, we have".
The chef disappeared into the kitchen and brought back a huge bottle of San-J gluten-free tamari sauce for us to use.
Love that they have that available for guests.
As for the food..
It was okay or "eh, not bad" as my friend said.
We mostly stuck to nigiri.
Presentation and the cuts of fish could have been a bit better.
We were able to get customized items to accommodate my gluten-free friend, including a sake shooter using the gluten-free tamari sauce.

Its one of the few "Japanese owned" sushi joints.
MOST are Korean owned.
I ask every place I eat at in Japanese.
There sushi is always good and they say they may cost more due to their strict Japanese standards.
I felt they were reasonable.

ZERO STARS!!!!
With in 10 seconds of sitting down 2 yes two!
Cockroaches!!!!!!!
Stay away!!!!!

I want to give this place 3 stars, but since our team won the golf tournament and brought the festivities here, I will be generous.
Second year running that they make a solid venue for our event.
They are very accommodating for our group of 21 people and affordable at that.
Wish I could remember more of how the food was here, but pretty much got MANGLED before all the sushi arrived.
I do remember that the Pepper Tuna was delicious.
In fact, everything might've been awesome--I kept stealing rolls from my neighbors bento box.
Sushi on Rainbow, i wub u!
dmo out

My husband and I like trying different Sushi places, this one made him give me the side eye because of the appearance from the parking lot.
We were seated quickly.
It was pretty busy but still had pretty good service.
I got the chicken teriyaki  bowl, it was pretty good, the chicken was a bit too charred and chewy.
My little boy really enjoyed it though.
The rice was great.
I also got the oh philly roll, I need to stop ordering it, I don't like salmon haha.
It was great though!
My husband got the chicken cutlett in curry and a lasanga roll, the roll took FOREVER to be brought out, they weren't THAT busy,sheesh.
Return Factor: Nah, should have stuck with bulgogi in the market anyways!

I go here with my husband.
To keep it simple:  It's a very warm atmosphere with great service and excellent food, we try to go out least once every week.
Love IT!

This isn't the fanciest sushi joint in town, but it is a hidden gem.
First off, they have the most important thing for a sushi restaurant...an old Japanese sushi chef.
No offense to the chef.
They also have another huge thing going for it, beer and sake included during dinner a few days a week.
The nigiri was fresh and the perfect size fish on the perfect size rice.
Sounds easy, but there are very few sushi chefs who get this right.
The rolls were creative and nicely constructed.
For an added treat, try the Mt Fuji.
On the down side, they were out of Salmon Kama and mochi ice cream were not included.
Overall, a very good experience!

Came on a Sunday for lunch.
I know a lot of sushi places around the area are NOT opened for lunch.
(what's up with that yo!?
Can't a girl get her sushi during the day!?!
) So with that said, being that Sushi On Rainbow was open for lunch automatically gave this place a 3 star.
This may look like a "hole in the wall" but it satisfied my sushi fix.
No trills, no frills....just come in and get your Japanese food/sushi on.
The regular rolls on the menu ranges from $5-6 and each order comes with 8 rolls.
The special rolls comes with two and it ranges from $8-12.
Not sure if other places around the area have lunch specials on the weekend (we came on a Sunday) but this place does.
My boyfriend got a beef lunch special box that comes with miso soup, salad, beef (duh), a generous portion of rice, and half an orange for your daily serving of fruit.
This was $8.95 I think.
And he got full off of this....so good adult sized meal.
Service was great to us.
Our nice little Japanese grandma took our order.
I didn't know there was a lunch special for the Cali rolls and Spicy Tuna rolls that I ordered.
Instead of keeping her mouth shut and just placing my order in, she told me it would be cheaper if i just got the lunch special price and it comes with my choice of soup or salad.
How nice of her to tell me =) Throughout our lunch, the waitresses kept coming by to refill our drinks as well as asking how everything was.
The bill turned out to be around $21 (tips not included) This may be my go-to sushi place from now on.

Went here with my brother as we are always trying out Sushi places and it was delicious.
Love the AYCE and they have a very good selection of sushi plus the wait staff was very helpful and fast.
Highly recommend.

Im the kind of guy that balance experiences using different factors that come as a whole at the end.
If the food is good but service mediocre, or if the service is great but food alright, etc .
I believe there is just a few perfect places and its unfair to .
But when all (or most) factors are just bad..it leaves me a very sour taste.
The food was good.
Ill give them that..Average AYCE flavor.
Rolls had a little too much rice but tasted pretty good and the selection was pretty big.
The menu carries a lot of different roll styles and plenty of appetizers .
The fish on the nigiri is not cut very thin so you get a good taste of it and they do put a little wasabi between the fish and rice that gives a little kick as well.
The chef and the whole staff in general were very cold and simply not caring to an extent that we felt like they were doing us a favor for letting us eat there.
It all started when we asked for a miso soup and never got it and the chef questioned us like we were lying.Then,I had to order my drink 3 times, and did not get one refill on it for the whole 45 minutes they allow you to be there.
Which brings me to the next point : At the 42 minutes mark our server came and dropped the check and said your time is up.
I was a server so for me this  was a pretty rude approach but let me explain you why I got annoyed .
While ordering our nigiri and rolls.
The chef was constantly forgetting to make the items and decided to just watch some good ol' TV.
I tried using my telekinetic powers to call his attention but ended up having to use the classic "excuse me" around 8 times .
Then when I recited the forgotten order to him, he then proceeded to make it wrong (cucumber on no cucumber, 1 order instead of 2, etc).
At one point he decided to stop making our order and went to the back for about 10 minutes.
At a place where there are clocking your time like Nazis, 10 minutes is a lot, add to those the times he was profoundly concentrated on his jerry springer episode while ignoring us.
So out of the 45 minutes , we might have had a chef for around 25.
It saddens me specially  when it's the service part that kills the experience which happens to be the part that you can fully control as a business.
And what saddens me the most is that I cant make a funny review this time.
You might be thinking..oh there was a language or cultural barrier, but no.
Ive been to places where I cant even communicate with my server but had a much more pleasant experience.
Japanese, Indian, etc you name it .Its all about attitude and body language .
Im sad to report I wont be coming to this joint again.

Like Andrew Zimmern, hole in the wall restaurants have some of the best quality food!
This place is it, we always come here for made to order all you can eat sushi.
Never is it a disappointment, always fresh and service is always fast!!

Sushi suggested by the server, Natsuya (?
), were excellent.
We did the AYCE and the service was very nice; Suggestive- but never imposing nor aggressive.
It's a small place with good energy and the sushi chefs had a great attitude.
The price was very decent too.
I have already been a repeat customer and will continue to be.

I am convinced that our friend Raul was mistaken and reviewed the wrong place.
We got excellent service and our server even asked if we wanted soup because it was cold out.
We did the AYCE thing, and were very impressed.
I asked for 1/2 rolls, and they we're eager to comply.
Of course, I didn't try to order a cucumber roll with no cucumbers...but I digress.
Our favorite roll of all - like ever from anywhere - was the NY girl in Vegas.
The pop of lemon - nom!
Excellent.
For an AYCE sushi joint, they offer a lot of variety.

Absolutely Not!
Been coming here for years!
And seen this place change chefs and owners!
No one sticks around.
Food is good, but staff are RUDE!!
Had all u can eat and stamp my card every time!
So for my last stamp I now have a free all u can eat dinner!
Of course!
As I show them my card they say the top few are expired!
My meals that I purchased are expired!!
Why didn't anyone tell me that when I was getting stamped!?
So I guess they just don't want to give me my free meal after purchasing 12 others!
But besides that, the way things were handled were rude and obnoxious!
I am sad to say will not be returning!
I like a relaxing dinner, not to be rushed out after 45 minutes!

Best all you can eat Sushi I've ever had.
I've lived in LA, Philly and now Vegas and this is the first all you can eat sushi place that has been a great experience.
Usually these restaurants try to overpack the rice and fill you up but the sushi here is excellent, fresh, and the people are nice.
We've been here over 10 times in the past year and not once have we had anything but absolutely fresh, delicious sushi and we've tried everything on the menu!
Sometimes you have to look past the decor and enjoy the food!
Also, the 1 star review below posting about the free sushi card being expired should check again because my sushi card has a clearly stamped expiration date on it.
You can't give them a bad review for that...

Hubby lived in Las Vegas for more than 15 years and only  about 2 miles from Sushi On Rainbow, we were surprised that we never knew it's existence until a couple of years ago.
It's tucked in a small strip mall,next to Greenland supermarket.
Now, it's our favorite Japanese restaurant and we bring everyone here!
We have never tried the AYCE, but  we have never been disappointed, my favorite is the Salmon Special : you get a piece of teriyaki grilled salmon, California roll, tempura, edamame and salad.
Served with Miso soup and rice.

The ratings for Sushi on Rainbow are a prime example of why I sometimes question the Yelp reviews!
I have never eaten here (am going today) but find it so odd that some rate it a one star, while others rate it five stars.
Are you all eating at the same establishment, or have you never had sushi before?
I will report back later and can't wait to see how many stars I decide to rate it.
Is it a ya, or a nay!
Okay, so I went to a Meetup here today and to tell the truth it was very nice!
We were a large group and the service was great!
We definitely kept them busy.
Did I like everything - of course not, but most items were very good.
Would I go back - most definitely!
As for the low ratings here, it could be the reviewers can't be pleased no matter where they go, or they have a very special place that nothing can live up to.
I had a few of those in Irving, TX.

I used to go there frequently about 8 years ago, it has gone downhill immensely.
I came in sat at a table no one acknowledged me, so I moved to the sushi bar still no acknowledgment.
The sushi chefs didn't even say hello.
I finally saw a waitress and asked her for a menu, I had to then flag her down and ask to place my order.
The food was served quick but she never brought my rice, so I had to ask for it.
The fish was ok, one piece was bad so I asked for a new piece, he gave it to me but didn't smile or say anything to me.
I had to get up and ask for my check.
Needless to say it was not busy there was a party of 8, one couple and one lady by herself.
Not sure if I will go there again.

Have you often wondered why so many middle-aged  Japanese people here in Las Vegas always tell you that they go to SUSHI ON RAINBOW for sushi instead of the multi-million dollar bankrolled sushi restaurants like Kabuto or Goyemon?
Why do these former or current Japanese nationals prefer to eat at an older sushi bar that doesn't have fancy or exciting dcor?
The answer is that SUSHI ON RAINBOW to MANY of us people of Japanese descent is actually a symbol of pride for our community.
And, the owner is a very respected man to us Japanese-Americans.
When I was a little kid in Southern California, I first heard about Shogo-san and the famous sushi restaurant in Newport Beach.
Sushi just did not exist in the area.
Everytime a sushi restaurant poped up, it would quickly go out of business.
Remember that sushi, and the idea of eating raw fish was not accepted by the American mainstream back then.
The sushi bar that Shogo worked at was the only sushi bar in the area that had made it.
Japanese people would drive 50+ miles just to eat there.
Shogo-San was one of the 1st generation sushi chefs, along with the famous Ichiro Mashita who came to America from Japan with a dream to one day popularize sushi in America.
They had to endure so much hardships during those days, but like most Japanese and Asian-Americans during that era, they fought hard to find success in the land of opportunity.
Today, there is a Sushi bar on every street due to their labor.
So, when I found out that Shogo had purchased SUSHI ON RAINBOW from the original owner, I was ecstatic!
A great legend of California Sushi was now here in Las Vegas!
This was a dream come true.
Shogo-san has over 40 years of Sushi experience.
During his youth in Kyushu, he was a very respected edo style sushi chef.
Went through years of apprenticeship before he even get the opportunity to the touch the actual fish.
Today, his years of experience really shows.
Though the majority of his day revolves around making California Rolls for westerners, there is also a "secret menu" for those who appreciate real sushi.
What I love is how every week they got something different.
I've had an Edo Chirashizushi, Shinko, Engawa, a Uni-Ika mix, Maguro no Zuke, Yamaimo, and many other traditional Japanese dishes that aren't in any other J-restaurant in town.
Every time I eat here I feel even more proud to have Japanese blood in my veins.
Unlike most sushi bars in LV, SUSHI ON RAINBOW get's all it's items from true Japanese and Japanese-American distributors.
The fish is from a real Japanese seafood distributor(not a Korean distributor), that get's their fish from cold waters such as Canada, and Alaska.
Fish from colder waters will have meat that has more of that fatty marbling that we enjoy so much.
Even the Japanese ice creams(plum wine, green tea) come from a famous Japanese ice cream company in Torrance.
If you are a true sushi lover, the 1st thing you will notice is how Shogo's nigiri technique is unrealistically perfect compared to the other Sushi joints in town.
Remember that he has had over 40 years experience.
You will see immediately that even the chefs at Kabuto don't have his precision.
And the funniest thing is that Shogo is very humble + modest and doesn't even brag about how great he is.
There used to be a guy named Hiro-san who worked here who was also a former edomaezushi chef from Japan.
Holy crap, that guy was like the best chef I had ever seen.
But, he retired a few months ago.
That totally depressed the hell out of me.
Kyuu-chan is their new apprentice sushi chef.
He is of Chinese descent but he makes a lot of Japanese chefs look like amateurs due to his amazing talent.
Shogo is such a a hardcore Japanese man, that he made Kyuu learn how to speak Japanese to be a chef here.
He also made the Latino cooks in the back learn Japanese, or they couldn't work.
It's the coolest thing ever!
There is so much old school Japanese discipline in this kitchen.
But, Shogo himself is such a friendly and positive guy.
You can talk to him for hours.
And the coolest thing about him is that he knows everything about Japanese history and pop culture!
I've had the most fascinating conversations with him.
I love coming to SUSHI ON RAINBOW and showing my respect to these great Japanese heroes.
Also, every time I come here it's like that scene in "Goodfellas" when Robert DeNiro walks into the club and everyone knows his name, they get him whatever he wants, and they even got a spot saved for him.
I NEVER order here, all I say is "Omakase" and they take care of everything for me.
I've written 100s of Yelp reviews, but SUSHI ON RAINBOW is my absolute favorite restaurant in not just Las Vegas, but the whole world.

Phenomenal sushi!!
The all you can eat and all you can drink is a wonderful deal.
They have a wide variety of choices for their rolls, which I really like.
I am allergic to beer, so I like it when an "all you can drink" offer includes sake and not just beer.
Whenever I go eat sushi anywhere else (which is quite often) I tend to compare them to Sushi on Rainbow and I have yet to find a suitable sushi restaurant at these prices.
I will most definitely return and hopefully sooner rather than later.

I didn't want to stray on my Birthday away from Sushi Mon however my mom did not have the same experience I did at Sushi Mon so I found this place by Greenland market.
The Yellowtail was so delish it melted in my mouth.
The older lady who was not my waitress was awesome.
The younger one was nice but unyielding.
The food was great the only thing I found not to my liking was their salad and miso soup.
However the sushi, nigiri was delish.
I plan to go again really soon!
Okay so I went back and took my bff there for her birthday!
She loved it too and she is almost as picky as me.
I tried the 911 roll which I usually do not eat rolls it was great and the Spider roll was super yummy!

The freshness of the fish was average, it wasn't cold enough for my taste.
One of my sushi was prepared with two small half pieces of fish and it fell apart as soon as I tried to pick it up.
I was staring into the refrigerated glass case and it just looked dirty to me.
Actually the entire prep area looked like it needed a good cleaning.
For AYCE at $26.95, I expected  more choices of appetizers and sides.
The curry bowl was bland and the ratio of rice to curry is 10:1.
Pan fried noodles were drenched in a sour soy based sauce that was overpowering.
Service was good.
I wish I had the same experience as most of the reviewers.
Debating whether or not to give it a second chance.

I'm slowly going to start taking chances and try other sushi places here in Vegas.
Naka Sushi is my #1 spot and it's hard to break away when it's always a perfect experience.
I read a handful of reviews and decided this one will be the one to try 1st.
In a general statement... Sushi on Rainbow gets a 4 and not a 5 due to the overall ambiance and welcome-ness to the joint.
It's more "traditional" I guess you could say, which is fine.
But I'm used to an upbeat atmosphere in my sushi places and a huge HELLO!!!!!!!!!!!
whereas in this place, it was very calm, mild, quiet, and not a very "welcome" place.
The decor and parking lot and location and all of that... doesn't bother me at all.
That's all fine.
I judge on the experience of the restaurant.
So now, down to the food.
All you can eat.
If you're eating lunch: 45 minutes.
Dinner: 60 minutes.
That's unusual to me to have a time limit to eat.
I mean generally you'll be done eating by that point, yeah.
But people typically like to go into a sushi bar and hang out while enjoying the deliciousness and talking about it and whatnot.
So that was weird to me...
I ordered the Mango Roll twice, Moon River Roll, Teriyaki Chicken Roll, Sunrise Roll, Paradise Roll, Octopus Nigiri, Surf Clam Nigiri, and the "Baked Scallop Shell" from the appetizers.
Essentially, I ordered everything that looked the absolute best to my tastes and literally ordered to my absolute fullness and even slightly over my satisfaction level haha... oops!
Everything I had was fresh, very tasty, flavorful (and to some degrees subtle, which always worked well), just the right amount, and satisfying.
Not the BEST I've ever had.
And certainly not the worst.
But definitely very good.
I'm not sure if I'd come in again for a full AYCE setting.
But I would stop in for some to go orders.... especially that Mango Roll.
The Sunrise Roll was probably my 2nd favorite.
And I'd recommend the Baked Scallop Shell for sure.
If you want solid sushi and an almost overly laid back atmosphere that's somewhat uninviting.... try it.
If you like a laid back but fun atmosphere where you can really get to know the chef and feel welcome and everything is always excellent..... try Naka ;)

Wonderful food experience.
Great All You Can Eat offerings, with a huge two sided laminated menu, with no 'one-piece at a time' limit on ordering.
Serious nagiri chow-down, with each piece acting almost as a stand alone dish because of flavor.
A previous review commented on the 'warm' fish, but I disagree, it was finally the right temperature to me.
You could actually TASTE the FISH instead of a cold lump of American food oversight.
In-depth creations, with fried, baked, and super-spicy rolls.
Even side dishes, dessert, and drinks (sapporo!
) is included on AYCE.
TRY the Peppered Salmon from the Nagiri.
Slightly seared peppered salmon, with a sauce that I've never tasted before, but would drink from a glass if given a chance.
Like most other places AYCE is accompanied by rules, 45 Min for Lunch and 1 hour for Dinner.
As my dad was champion of sitting it out in sushi joints for his "All You Can Stand" with the newspaper (or three) I get this.
I honestly appreciate this rule.
I've seen the behavior that leads to this rule.
You also have to pay for what you don't eat, aka, you can't over order and take it with you on the house.
Four stars, because they didn't charge me for the plate of tofu my kid dumped on the floor.
Minus a star because our waitress went on break without telling us and reappeared only after I had to ask the other waitress.
I'm not there for the waitress though and, the food was outstanding for that four stars, wish I could do 4 1/2, and I'll be back!
Plus we walked out for only $51 plus our tip, when we ate maybe $100.
Every bite of Nagiri a heavenly float away (from my toddler at the table).

I don't even like sushi but I LOVE this place!
They have an all-you-can-eat menu that has a lot of sushi options (for my friends) along with non-seafood items (for me).
It is all very delicious!
I cant wait to go back!

I wanted to try a NEW AYCE Sushi place and this came up since I was nearby after getting my oil changed at Midas and it was date night with Hunnie Bunnie.
HB had her Udon Noodles and Edamame (these come UNsalted)..
I ordered Ahi Poke (This had cucumber salad, seaweed salad and small pieces of Ahi tuna.
I mean, it was SMALL.
Not like any of the other Ahi Poke i've had before at other restaurants.
In fact, Amando S. can make Ahi Poke better than this place!
), Fried Calamari (this was SO good, I LOVED it, I put in a second order for it!
NOM!!
), Baked Scallop Shell (Not bad at all, oily of course as they usually are, but apparently not as oily as the Dynamite, but it was tasty.
), Baked Green Mussels (Small mussels but they were good), Fried Gyoza (I was not a fan of the flavor of these and neither was HB, I tried to pawn them off to her but she wasn't interested), Fried Shumai (I wasn't a fan of these either but HB LOVED them.
She gobbled them up), a Spider Roll (This was so hard to get down, but probably because I was insanely full but it came with 8 pieces...
I had asked the server for a half order but she said it only came in five pieces anyway, would I like them to make it small?
Yes I would.
So I guess "small" meant small pieces, but MORE pieces.
HUMPH.
, Salmon & Avocado Handroll (this was good, my favorite type of handroll!
), Sweet Shrimp (it came out with just the sweet shrimp nigiri...
I was like Ummm do you fry the heads too??
She said YES and brought some out to me a little later, but I guess you have to ask for this item along with the sweet shrimp!
), Tuna, Salmon and Hamachi nigiri (these were FINE.
Nothing special.
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.
) I've experienced better sushi at other places, so I don't plan to go back here, but the service was good and the Calamari was delicious!
I just wasn't too impressed with the fish!

I liked the fact that it is Japanese owned but didnt like they didnt have scallop sushi or spicy tuna on crispy rice.
However I did like the soft shell crab hand roll, this was made just a perfect crunch and meaty.
The super crunchy roll was pretty good with the shrimp on top!
The ease wed salad was delicious!
He gave us a giant clam which was super nice of him!
The freshwater eel was delicious too!
The halibut is something that I wouldn't order again.
The pepper tuna was awesome!!
This place was worth it but I did miss my favs so I couldn't give it 5 stars.
This is a place we will be returning to.
But on Thursday night when it is ladies night!
3.00 off.

It was empty when I arrive.
A little after two on a Tuesday.
The hostess must have seen my apprehension because she stated that the lunch crowd had just left.
Sure.
Anyway the sushi was nothing spectacular and the sushi chef kept wiping his nose with the back of his hand.
Awesome!!
Oh and then he would make my sushi with his bare hands.
I didn't need to see that.
I still ate, cuz I'm not a pussy.
"yes this is delicious what do u call this roll"   "Oh this is Haka Lugee Snot Rorr" "Mmm, Delicious"

Wow, what a treat!
the fish and rolls were tasty and fresh and staff and owner is super nice.
This place is run by actual Japanese sushi chef.
Very authentic.
Found my new favorite AYCE sushi place.
YUM!

Dragon roll was delicious!
Don't let the outside fool you, the restaurant was very clean and I will definitely be visiting again!

I went to this restaurant yesterday looking for a reasonably priced sushi restaurant and I found one!
I had the spider rolls and the crunchy rolls, both were great and both were under $10.
Service is quick, and don't let the outside intimidate you!
It's a hole-in-the-wall and is family owned so if you support small business I recommend you check this place out.

First I want to say the service is awesome!
They are super nice and orders didn't take long at all.
The fish was fresh and yummy.
I don't know about you but those are the 3 most important things that peeps need to know :)   I'll be back for another round!

horrible owner and i will not go back!!!
they don't want to honor their frequent card saying it expired.
i was there today 7/24/13, the first time i went there was august of 2012.  my card had a stamp on the name side as 8/15/2012, that was the  first time i got the card in 2012.  how can it expired when it hasn't even been a year since i stepped into that place??
they were slow, i sat at the table by the door.
then the waitress asked me to move closer because she was the only one working that shift, ok i moved.
then i wanted ayce she said, oh then you should sit at the bar...ok...i sat at the bar.
then the bill came gave her my cc & frequent card and she didn't want to stamp it saying it expired, and she was new and i never saw her before.
where was my nice little Japanese server.
too many ayce around here in this city.
they lost a good paying customer that's for sure!!!
and they fight with the customer and saying the customer is wrong...  i never had this ever happened to me before!!!!
i never ever have refused to pay for my meals at any restaurant.
I had many coupons and frequent cards expired and I can clearly understand how it works!!
i even paid for this one with the horrible experience...i just can't believe it!!!!!
the sad part was I wasn't even trying to redeem it yet!!!
i just wanted my freakin STAMP!!!
I'm totally upset if my writing is not you can understand...lol!!
BTW, I forgot to mention the food...
So it was a new sushi chef or old, I just never saw him before.
he must have a lot on his mind...no smile, no talky no nothing.
I order Hokki sushi (surf clam) he took the surf clam and cut it in half made two itty bitty ones...OMG!
why was he soooo cheap.
I usually get 2 clams per order.
The rest was ok...
The reason I come here is because of Japanese own and I want to eat what is essence of Japanese food.
They dab a bit of wasabi in every nigiri, the traditional way.
Oh well, I guess I'll go to other sushi place and request that method.
Soooooooooooooooooo...disappointed!!

This was my first review I left on Yelp based on a terrible dining experience.
This place is a totally horrible place, staff was rude.
All you can eat was a scam!
My family were there for all you can eat.
After the first order was placed the waitress (a old lady) refused to take the sec.
order.
She said that we would have to wait, she could not let us to order because chef already has so many orders.
So we wait, but after 30mins we were still sat there and wait... My family were very angry.
Finally the owner came to us and said because he was too busy, he only can allow us to order one more last around.
We refused!
We paid for "all you can eat" not what you allow us to do.
We will never, ever go to this place again!

My family and I have been customers here since 2006, seven years later we still are.
The staff are super NICE, they have never before refuse any of my sister's stamp card, which I found strange to find out they do to some reviewers here.
As for sushi goes, I love it!
They have some pretty good appetizer too, Baked Mussels are tasty.
I'm never one for fancy atmosphere, this place feels casual, and I think that's what I like best about it.
So, if your looking for good sushi, casual setting, and willingly to spend a bit of money (Prices are reasonable for sushi) then I would strongly recommend coming here!!

The worst sushi I have eaten in Vegas.
We were crammed in by the door but it was a Friday night so didn't really care since it was pretty busy which I thought was a good sign.
Like most mention it is a hole in the wall so wasn't surprised by the interior.
The menus & the soy bottles were filthy, the staff was ok but the sushi and food period was pretty bad.
The rolls were falling apart since the chef didn't take time to tightly roll them & the fish was mushy.
We got chicken lo mien for the kids which was disgusting.
Wasted $100 on this garbage & will never step foot in here again.

Sushi is always fresh!
All you can eat sushi is a plus!
The staff is great and friendly!
The quality of sushi is great and need I say fresh again?!??
Ok one more time fresh!!

Sushi quality is low.
My daughter had the  sushi lunch and the fish was not fresh, she had to spit it out after taking a bite, I think it was the hamachi.
The rice was very hard too, she could not chew it.
When we got in the car she felt sick.
Last time we're going there.

We waited 20 minutes for a waiter to attend to us.
There were only 3 tables occupied for goodness sake.
If only the overly distracted Chef said something or the hyperactive old female waiter sent another server.
This place wouldn't get 1 star.
WE WALKED OUT.

Ok.
So I thought "the sushie" in Summerline was the best sushie ever... Well, looks like I am wrong.
I came here recently and loved it.
I was with 3 other people who go here regularly so they did most of the ordering.
One thing I must say is they have thee most fresh sushi around.
You can taste the difference once you bite into it.
Dinner was $29.00 for all you can eat.
Now here is the kicker... That also includes all you can drink bud light and sake!
But only on Tuesday and Wednesday I believe.
Go there now!
You will love it.
One last thing.
Be aware they are not known for their service or friendliness of staff.
You've been warned.

This place is one of those hole-in-the walls with great food.
Although the decor is less modern, the price is right and so is the food.
The waitresses aren't the warmest, but they get the job done.

I would get five stars if the snow crab was better and the service was faster.
My kids chowed down on their chicken katsu, inhaled their edamame, and overall enjoyed their experience.
We otherwise purchased all you can eat sushi and I think they lost money.
I'm picky and eat my rolls with soy paper and there was no extra charge.
We had either free sake or bud light with AYCE dinner.
My Last Samurai with soy paper wasn't good, at all.
It was a very good experience and I suggest it for serious sushi connoisseurs.

My wife and I have been here several times before, last time being about 6-months ago.
Today we came for lunch just after they opened about 11:45am and there was only one table occupied.
We opted for the AYCE special.
A much older Japanese woman, whom we have never seen before, served us.
Now when I go to other AYCE sushi places, they take my full order no problem.
Upon telling this woman that I wanted to order 8-salmon nigiri, she acted very surprised and questioned if that was the correct quantity.
I told her it was and then she says that a lot of people doesn't know that it comes in pairs and that I will get charged for uneaten food.
Did she think this was my first time at an AYCE sushi place?
I could only order like 4-items and some appetizers before she said that was all I could order the first round because of only 1-sushi maker working.
Each time after that, I could only order like 3-items at a time before the old lady just walked off before I could finish telling her what we wanted.
So by this time several other tables fill in for lunch and we watched as the other tables were served miso soup and sushi first when they obviously arrived and ordered much later than we did.
Since they have signs posting a 45-minute time limit for the AYCE lunch, I wanted to place a last order.
A younger Japanese woman took our order and when she was writing the order down, the old lady came to her and showed her some kind of paper, obviously she was probably showing her the time that we arrived and told her not to take any more orders from us.
When our last order was ready, the old lady brought it to our table and told us "last order, OK?
That's it!
"  Food was good, but the old lady kept looking at us like she didn't want us there after the 45-minute mark.
Very unwelcoming feeling and very cold.
Never have I experienced service like that anywhere.
I will never be back, that's for sure!!

Place is horrible period.....,,went for all you can eat sushi quality is poor and on top of that a ton of rice!

3 strikes your out!
It pains me to write this review, my heart actually aches.
I wanted to love this place in fact we went back 3 times to give it a shot, I don't normally do that.
Sadly we left in heartbreak and will never go back.
We have been to Japan, Sushi capital of the world.
We are not professionals but have traveled the world.
I have respect for those who carry that tradition over to our side of the pond.
The owner is amazing his cuts are exactly where they should be  the fish are precisely cut the rice is also perfect, he is amazing.
So all that going.
Great!
well not so much.
We were treated horribly after our first trip.
When we sat at the bar the owner served us the sushi was great.
The next 2 times not so much we were pushed off to the sideline.
This time was busier we sat at his bar his sidekick took care of us.
Sushi is not all about the fish is is about the service, presentation and cut.
This individual had none.
No service.
No presentation.
and the cuts were horrible.
Fish was slopped all over the place no design or pride it looked like a serial killer left a crime scene.
We wanted the owner to wait on us but it seemed he was always busy with his vips.
We Will NEVER be back.
Treat everyone good and your place will be filled.
Treat one person badly and your place will be empty.
Three times you're done...

Love this place.
Dinner special with no krab in the cali roll is the way to go!
The tempura is probably some of the best in town.

SOR is a winner.
Its a 2+ times a week destination.
Family owned and operated very fairly priced and attentive service.
Try the boxes or tempura appetizers.

This place is really good.
Usually get their dinner plate for 9.99.
Also sushi is fresh does not taste fishy.
Great Customer Service.
Can get a little loud at the sushi bar when busy.
But still worth trying.
Yay!
Im a fan!!

Sunday to Wednesday - All you can drink for the same price!
Hot sake and Bud light (I think it's Bud light).
I have been a patron to Sushi On Rainbow even before I have moved to Vegas, which was more than 8 years ago!
It's a little hole in the wall, and if you don't look closely, you'll miss it!
I am giving it five stars because it has all an AYCE has and should offer.
You pay $27 for reasonably fresh sushi and a variety of hot dishes and rolls; let's not be snobs about things.
Service: It's a bit on the slow side.
They usually only have one to two server working the restaurant, so relax, enjoy your company and let the girls know you need something, and they will be right with you!
Food:  I have never had any complaints on my AYCE sushi here.
The cut of the fish is your normal size, and the rice is not extra huge and tight and pack, like some places so they fill you up on rice.
They carry a wide variety of fish and rolls and hot dishes.
While the freshness of the fish isn't flown in overnight from Japan like Kabuto a mile down the street, it's still fresh!
I haven't spit anything out yet, so...  Like I said, with all you can drink on Sunday to Wednesday, there's really not much to complain about.
Even when it's not an all you can drink night, I still come here and hang out and have a good time!

Decent option for takeout sushi- a kind yelper uploaded the yellow menu in pics, allowing me to make my selections: the NY girl in Vegas and the American Dream rolls.
Called in order, quick and painless.
Order was ready when I went in about 15 minutes later.
Initially felt that the rolls looked to be on the small side, but the takeout box is deep and each piece is pretty dense, box itself was heavy.
Two rolls was a good portion for one, and price was just over $20.
Also had a humongous portion of wasabi and ginger, and ample packets of soy sauce, though I don't use any of that.
What I did use was the tiny portion cups of eel sauce and spicy mayo- liked how that was packed separately so I could apply it myself, as many places tend to drown their rolls in far too much sauce.
American Dream roll was fresh with thick slices of salmon on top and lemon, and its a combination I love.
Fish was fresh, rolls were tight, portion was large.
NY Girl in Vegas roll was also good, topped with noticeably smaller pieces of eel compared to the other roll.
Flavor was still good and fish was of good quality.
The two rolls together complemented one another- fresh and light for the first, more earthy for the second.

3 1/2 stars.
Doesn't have the number of rolls that most places have.
A little joint in a strip mall.
I was afraid to go in but we were with friends who rave about it.
There was only one other table when we arrived but many more when we left.
We all did AYCE.
Delivery was fairly quick.
Cajun is amazing.
We loved the super crunch roll although we ordered a second after devouring the first and it was not the exact same roll.
Ordered snow crab twice and never got it.
They cut off our ordering on two different occasions.
This is not really close to areas of town we frequent.
I had been craving AYCE and this definitely filled my itch.
If you are in the area and looking for a place you should give it a shot.

Unpretentious.
Leave those snobs up West.
Or South.
Sushi on Rainbow keeps it 'real'--no frills, no attitude, no princessness in the air.....the freshest, most valuable Sushi in Vegas.
Been going here since 1998!!
Keep doing what you are doing; it works!

Moved close to this joint and was going weekly for a couple of months due mainly to proximity.
Rolls were decent, nothing above average for this area.
Only other item I'd ordered was chicken katsu for my daughter which tasted like it had been re-fried several times and therefore quite oily.
I am not a fan of AYCE as think it can cause the quality to spiral, and not up.
My last visit, I was met by an older woman who greeted me by handing me a menu, advising me they closed in 45 min so I can get take out or eat fast.
There were several other tables occupied.
Said that I would take my business elsewhere and headed over to Naked Fish (which was better quality and actually wanted the business).
The one star is for the absolutely horrific customer service and ability to make one feel most unwelcome.
They lost a customer for good and a couple stars.

This is a decent sushi place.
I didn't get the all you can eat, but there were a lot of options.
The price was alright, considering that it is still a sushi joint.
The portion size were alright, but it was enough to make me full.
This was the closest joint that we could find in our area, so all in all, it was a so so restaurant.

It's an authentic sushi AYCE with pretty good quality.
The sushi chef is actually from Tokyo.
It's a few more dollars that the other AYCE places but it's worth it.
Few notes:  You should stick to the nigiri sushi to take advantage of the higher quality fish and seafood.
There is a limit of 45 minutes for lunch and 1 hour for dinner  There is no limit for their ice cream, so you can try different flavors  They pay attention to details, even the oranges are impeccably cut and peeled for you.
Thanks to Emy R. for pointing this place out, I agree with her review 100%.
Highly recommended.

i love thursday ladies night $23 all you can eat !
& all you can drink night!

Horrible service!!!!
I went with my family including a 2 year old boy  ( my son) and they told me I had to buy him his own food and big ass drink are you serious that's a fuckin joke!!!!
What kid you know that age eats and drinks alot!!!!
And the lady that waited us is a horrible server waited a long time for sushi and we had to keep calling her and her attitude was horrible if you don't like your job why work there!!!
NEVER GO THERE YOUR GONNA WASTE YOUR MONEY RIPPOFF!!!

