Ice cream is always a good bet, if you crave it, Baskin Robbins is a good choice.
I like chocolate fudge and they have the richest one around.
I like to combine that with a second flavor in a cup.
It can be freezing outside and I will still want some ice cream.
There are so many flavors to choose from and you can get a sundae or a shake.
And they are always adding new flavors so when you go in, you might find a new favorite like the raspberry white chocolate chip.
The staff at this store is always friendly and it's usually not very crowded.
We make it a point to return often!

I had some time to spend between shows tonight, so I made the short jaunt to this Baskin-Robbins to have something cool with our summer weather starting.
I haven't been to a BR for years so I had to study the board to see what to order.
I decided on the Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough 31° Below soft serve.
Wow!
Was it tasty!
Next time, I will get a smaller size.
It's very rich and very filled with all those cookie dough pieces and tons of calories.
But.
it was worth it on this warm night!

Good flavor selection.
They offer that you try flavor.
Ample parking.

They decorate cake ok but I order a cake here with chocolate chip ice cream but it was not real baskin robbins ice cream.
The chips were way too big and square shaped everybody eating knew it too.
I was really upset.
If you order a cake here order an icecream flavor they can't do a switch a roo on you be warned!!!

I started coming here because of my wonderful co-workers who can't stop talking about ice cream every week.
Lol!
I usually go for the sherberts but the other day tried a smoothy with a scoop of ice cream recommend by the one of the worker.
Omg.. and I loved it!

Came here on a random thursday night with a friend for some post sushi sweets and was taken back to my childhood of ice cream dreams!
I never stop in baskin robbins so I was surprised at how busy it was.
Apparently this is a pretty popular location !
It was nice... good ice cream... nice servers and a sweet spot to sit and eat ice cream on a cold night.. good job Baskin Robbins!

Who can say no to ice cream?
This places closes at 10pm.
There weren't any hours of operation listed on Yelp so when we searched this place up, we were glad we made it just in time.
Everyone knows Baskin Robbins.
There's almost any flavor that suits whatever mood you're in.
Mine was and will almost always be Mint n Chips.
The mint color...sooo pretty =) haha and it taste pretty damn good too!
It was $4.00 and some change for two single scoops in a cup.
Not as expensive as I thought it would be.
Sometimes two cups of Yogurtland can run you up to $5-6.
Although Yogurtland MAY (underline the word MAY) be healthier but lets not get into that.
Everyone deserves a sweet treat regardless of calories every so often right?

Love this Baskin-Robbins!
Kip and Tyler are always awesome to us and so nice!
We are regulars lol and Kip is always there which is nice.
The place has been packed since summer started but I still love going here because of Kip and Tyler!

Ice cream shop that's open til 10pm... love it!
No skimping on the scoops here and there's a flavor that has me chanting "Jamoca!
Ja Ja Jamoca!
"  This is my go-to place for ice cream cakes for all occasions.
Even if I'm not getting a cake, I enjoy checking out their freezer.
I once saw the coolest little Spongebob ice cream cake.
The service is fast too!
When I was buying a cake for my sister, the lady at the counter asked what I wanted written on it, took the cake aside and was back in 2 minutes with a beautifully penned "Happy Birthday __" message.
Great idea for a last-minute gift especially when you run out of ideas, like I did.

Got a Oreo soft serve and it wasn't anything special.
It was ordinary soft serve ice cream.
Next time I'll be sure to try their actual ice cream.
I must say, ice always been a fan of their ice cream cakes!

Its getting harder and harder to find 31 flavors stores.
This place always has a nice staff offering free samples.
I love free samples.
This is a great place to put smiles on kids faces and where else can you spend only $5 on two kids.
Only four stars because its time to redecorate.

Up until Friday night I avoided this location.
I used to frequent it and got harassed by the female manager every time I walked to the cooler to pick out a clown cone.
She wanted to know what I was looking for and asked what I needed.
Look if you are going to play 20 questions put the cooler behind the counter!
My husband wanted BR Friday and I gave in.
We were greeted by the owner and I was left to browse the clown cones with no interuptions.
They also just had a remodel.
The only thing I would change is bring back espresso and cream!

I love Baskin Robbins Ice Cream we go here about once every month and The staff is very friendly !!
Jeremy always helps us in deciding what ice cream we should try!
Thanks Jeremy for your assistance !

