I was sent here to get x-rays done when I was in a car accident.
Nothing got screwed up, so I was happy with the job they did.
The guy that did my x-rays was pleasant to chat with while he worked.

Everyone was very nice here.
Quick to help and on time with appointments; no waiting here very organized.
I was alone and on crutches they brought the paper work to me and my CD of x- rays when finished.
In and out in less then  1 hour.
Pay cash and get deep discount!

Been here twice in a week , once for an ankle x-ray and the other time for an MRI  on same ankle.
Both times  staff was very friendly , cheerful and professional.
Wait times was not so bad,  both times about an hour and I was done.
This is one 4 star business I hope I never have to visit again.

I haven't been to a medical office that is this organized and friendly in a long time!
Everyone was very helpful and answered all my questions without ever acting annoyed.
Chad was my radiologist  tech for the x-rays.
He made me feel comfortable and made sure I was doing alright through the whole process.
He even checked on price & insurance questions that I had when it wasn't even his job to do.
Very nice guy.
I just called and talked to Genesis.
Great professional & friendly phone etiquette.
Didn't have to wait and listen to a recording, you get a live human being the minute you call.
They told me I can pick up my records and they will also have a CD of my x-rays made.
Couldn't ask for better service, especially when it comes to my health.

Comes a time in every woman's life she needs to take care of her breasts!
You must start the yearly screening thing to ensure peace of mind and comply with the recommended well woman visit.
And this is where I find myself today.
It's my day!
I have been here a few times now and every time have been greeted by friendly staff, had limited waiting and even got to be reassured by the big boss when I had a little scare back aways.
Dr. Boren came in and reviewed things personally which made me feel really better.
I feel their customer service is excellent and recommend this place over all in the valley.

The staff at West Valley Imaging are professional, accomodating and kind.
I have seen them change the channel  for a patient as well as raise the volume for his advanced age.
They have treated me well the few times I have been there.
Most recently I went in for an MRI.
My first.
I was not really nervous about it but if I had been, I would have been calmed by the technician who spoke smooth, soft and gentel.
It was almost irritating how kind he was.
Especially when I asked him to pull me out twice.
Once because I got dizzy.
Once because I had to cough.
The whole time he remained calm and understanding.
I don't much like getting medical tests done but if I have to get any imaging done, I choose West Valley Imaging.

everyone is super nice here.
wait is never too long.
two gripes.
) had commercials for e-cigarettes on the tv.
) they never seem to send my x-rays or mri scans when they say they will to my doctors...

I made an appointment at WV Imaging for my first ever mammogram.
I wasn't super excited about going, but I am a lady who is nearing 40 so I decided to get the "first time" experience over with.
Making an appointment and checking to see if WV accepted my insurance was easy with one quick phone call.
The exam itself was rather awkward and uncomfortable, but not painful.
I was very thankful for my technician who was informative about the process, she was patient when I asked questions.
She really tried to make me feel at ease the best she could.
We even shared a few jokes during the procedure but she was remained professional the entire time.
My only gripe was that I didn't get to speak to a doctor about my results.
The technician said that she showed my images to the doctor and he signed a paper saying my results were clean.
WV does forward the images to the doctor of your choice so I guess I can ask my primary doctor the next time I see her.
See you next year West Valley Imaging!

Great experience for a less than awesome thing to do.
Everyone was very kind and helpful.
They helped me take care of an insurance problem and even got my Doctor on the phone.
I definitely recommend West Valley Imaging!

Drink this.
Turn to the left.
Swallow.
Get out.
The visit was extremely rushed.
Nobody made any attempt to answer questions about the procedure or what was going on.
Or why I was getting tests done in the first place.
They just rushed through the entire thing.
I felt like nothing but a piece of meat.
The whole experience made what should have been a routine visit for a simple procedure into an utter nightmare.
The front desk couldn't explain what was needed for the procedure without asking specific questions.
They got downright angry when I asked for the address.
"It's on Rainbow" is a pretty lousy answer.
Rainbow is a long road.
Equipment looked like it hadn't been sanitized since the late 80s.
I'm pretty sure an X-ray machine shouldn't be covered with the yellow crust like the bottom of a toilet seat.

