It alright...
The ER sucks.
I went in on a weekday and they told me it was a 9 hour wait.
WTF... are you effing serious?
So after waiting for 2 hours before someone took my blood pressure and asked me how much I weighed, I was then sent back into the main waiting room.
THEN I waited for another hour before I said "F*CK THIS SH*T" and took a 15 minute drive to another hospital.
2 weeks later I get a bill from Summerlin hospital for $97... Why?
For taking my blood pressure and asking how much I weighed.
Thanks ..:..  As for the rest of the place...  Meh.
It's fairly clean.. just PACKED all the time.
Any appointments I've had there, I had to wait at least two hours..   Oh, you know that check in place you go to before having a surgery?
Those people suck too.
One guy was looking at my paperwork and says "Oh, it says you're pregnant?
"   me: "No.
Does it say I'm pregnant?
" him: "No.
" me: "Then why are you asking me if I'm pregnant?
" him: "Oh I just like reading outloud what it says on the paper to fix any mistakes.
" me: "... "  Never willingly coming here again.
Oh.. and that other hospital I went to...
I was checked in and saw a doctor within 20 mins of showing up.

Recently had our second baby at Summerlin Hospital.....overall was pleased with the rooms, the nurses, and the staff.

AVOID THIS ER - The wait is ridiculous.
I took my mother here and we waited 6 hours and she never saw a doctor.
We ended up just leaving - but they never took her insurance information (dummies), and sent her a ridiculous bill for hundreds of dollars just for the privledge of sitting around and being denied medical care.
The nursing staff who worked there were completely unsympathetic and inhospitable.
These nurses were cruel gatekeepers to the actual doctors.
Everyone who worked there seemed to hate their job and were unwilling to do anything other than the bare minimum.
The ER was packed with people and some girl was puking in those pink plastic basins while waiting.
A janitor came by and cleaned ONE CHAIR and ignored an entire row of empty seats.
Sounds sanitary, huh?
I wonder how many already sick people get sicker because the germs they are exposed to while waiting to get medical attention.
A few months later, I had a medical emergency and I went to Southern Hills hospital instead.
I was immediately checked in, was seen by a doctor and put on an IV in the first 20 minutes, and I was checked into the hospital in less than two hours.
The ER room there was empty because it is a much less residential part of town.
I also hear that San Martin Hospital on Warm Springs near Durango has a good ER.
They built so many houses in Summerlin and then didn't think that they should have a big enough hospital to accommodate all the people.
It's ridiculous and I will always make the extra drive to another hospital.

This is the worst hospital I've ever seen.
One of my relatives came in for a life threatening heart condition.
Following an ambulance with a relative inside in is stressful enough.
Thankfully, the initial treatment went well.
However, somewhere from the ER into Intensive Care, quality of service dropped immensely.
It was many hours before we knew the room assignment.
The head nurse the next day called at 6 AM  asking questions like "What brand of pacemaker does the patient have?
" Excuse me nurse, we sent you the medical records and most people don't know the brand of their pacemaker.
They weren't awake when it was installed.
"  I wish I had taken that call.
"What planet are you on, nurse?
"  Then in asking them, "What is the course of treatment?
" The nurse didn't know.
It took them two days to tell us.
The doctor had written all that info down, but they "Lost it".
Not a comfortable feeling when a relative's life is in danger.
They took some unneeded tests that were already taken elsewhere.
(Additional procedures means more money).
The waiting rooms weren't very clean or comfortable.
We complained to the doctor, and he said, "Sorry about the lack of communication.
But this hospital struggles with that all the time".
In fact, he said, "I'm from California, and the medical system in LV is one of the most challenging I've seen.
"  Great, thanks for the info.
As a result, the actual hospital stay was two to three days longer that it should have been.
There were other issues with the billing as well, By the way, many of my relatives are nurses and they could not believe how awful this place was.
Never again.

We were traveling across the Western US on a 4 week trip and my daughter had a cast on her leg below the knee that had been on nearly a week longer than it needed to be.
We stopped in on a Tuesday morning and they were very nice and helpul.
They had her see a doctor who took a look at everything and then removed her cast so my 6 year old could enjoy the rest of the vacation.
They were terrific!

Let me review a few things about this hospital:  1.
The BirthPlace at Summerlin hospital is awesome.
We had our third son there a few years ago and it was a completely different experience than having them at UMC.
This place was top notch, from their doctors, the rooms and nurses, to the building itself.
The ER - Any ER is going to be going to be doing triage and taking the more serious cases first.
That would include life threatening injuries/conditions or how much pain you are having.
Unfortunately a family member had some health issues and a considerable amount of pain that was apparent.
She was taken care of promptly.
Other times when we went for a baby having a high fever, we did wait a little while, but that all has to go with the severity of the case.
The Cafeteria - Oh my gosh!
This place had the best food.
I recently  visited this place as a family member was having surgery and I decided to get a bite to eat.
The cafeteria was awesome.
A double bacon cheeseburger, fries and drink for under $8.
It was one of the best burgers I had in a long time.
I joke with my wife that we should go eat in the cafeteria sometimes when we can't decide what to do.
Overall, I've had good experiences here at this hospital.

I'll preface with the fact that my father is a retired physician and I am a medical school student.
Also let me add that we haven't been to every hospital in Vegas, but we've been to damn near all of them.
With all that said i'll tell you right now my father will only admit himself to two, Summerlin, and St. Rose.
I'd say hands down that Summerlin is the best hospital in the city, for grownups at least.
It certainly is probably the prettiest hospital.
The staff are courteous and nice, and the triage is pretty good at prioritizing.
Also the 6th floor rehab wing is amazing.
The PT's OT's and Dr.'s really help make sure patients are good to go home.

This is for the antepartum department...
I got some strange stomach bug when I was 33 weeks pregnant.
I had to get admitted for dehydration and testing to see what I had.
I spent a total of 4 days here and I have to say that the nurses on both the day and night shifts were excellent.
I was confined to isolation so I wasn't allowed to walk around but they made sure to check on me and provide a little bit of chitchat just so I wouldn't go insane staring at the four walls.
(You can only watch so much TV in a hospital!
) They were very professional and provide comfort to the best of their abilities.
They responded very quickly anytime I had to use the call button.
They were sure to explain what they were doing during my care and what medications they were providing me for my symptoms.
They also made sure to communicate with my doctor on everything that was happening.
I was very happy with my stay, considering the circumstances.
I'm looking forward to my delivery there in the beginning of September since I know I'll be in good hands.

I can only speak as a visitor.
A friend was in critical condition when he was transported there.
After much surgery and many days of critical care, he was brought out of his induced coma.
He is now in a rehab facility not associated with Summerlin Hospital.
The hospital staff appeared friendly, concerned, and competent.

I checked Suzy into the Summerlin Hospital on Friday October 1, she had fallen on our patio playing with our dog.
She fractured her elbow and knee, and did a little damage to the bones in her face under her right eye.
All her damage was to the right side of her body.
Of course when the paramedics arrived, they seemed suspicious, I guess they thought I might be a wife beater, given the circumstances, I can't really blame them.
Well, the experience in the emergency room was just okay, I almost felt as if the staff were indifferent to her situation.
They seemed quite non-nonchalant, but Suzy did receive all the X -rays that were required.
That night she was checked into the general ward, she had her own private room, bonus, and the facilities are quite nice.
The next few days were the most interesting.
I spent several hours the first few days and then an entire day on day 5 and 6.
The nurses, that's what they call themselves, seemed indifferent to the patients needs.
On day 5 I took it upon myself to wash Suzie's hair and change her sheets, pillow cases and the whole enchilada.
During those two days, I emptied her comode several times.
The charge nurse on duty, some little chunky troll, was about as pleasant as the grim reaper.
The doctor assigned to Suzy, was nothing short of great, empathetic, concerned and really a caring individual, kudos to him, he'll be one of the few greats.
The standing joke in Las Vegas is this, if you need medical treatment in Las Vegas, you go to the airport, why, to fly to California where you can get decent medical treatment.
Why would you become a nurse if you weren't compassionate and interested in caring for patients.
The nurses at the hospital seemed more interested in chatting with each other than they did caring for their patients.
Overall, a great facility, but less than impressive staff.

The facility is very nice and clean and all the staff is so very nice, this is my favorite hospital in las Vegas

I think this hospital AND the staff are GREAT.
I live around here and have several family members who know and TRUST this hospital VERY MUCH

Nice ER, staff, and hospital.
My issue with them was that they misdiagnosed my condition while I was out in Vegas traveling.
But then again no one could have accurately diagnosed my sickness including several doctors here in California.

My wife had knee replacement surgery on May 5th and spent 5 days in the hospital.
From the nurses to the cleaning staff I can't say how great they were.
All the bad things I heard about the hospital from friends was as far from the truth as it could be.
If your a bad or demanding patient, and there were some there at the time, I can understand why you  wouldn't  like Summerlin Hospital and give it a bad review.

My son split his chin BAD.
I call Summerlin hospitals number to get directions from my apartment on Durango and Westcliff...
I have to listen to a recording... A RECORDING!
I'm freakin out because my son is bleeding profusely and I need to get him to the ER ASAP.
Well the recording gave me no help, so I try to get an operator.
No, I get hung up on!
I call back and press the 0 and get a lady who has no clue where RAMPART is... really?
Ok Ive lived here for only almost a year and the majority of that was off flamingo by Spring Valley.
She has NO CLUE how to get there, she does not know where the Summerlin library is and has me crying and freaking out.
I finally figure out how to get there ON MY OWN and rush him into the ER.
They triage him and the whole 9, we sit and wait for an open room in the pediatric area of the ER and watch TV.
We finally get called back, we only had to wait like 15mins but this is where the rest of our night begins.
I know normally you can be in the ER for a few hours, but shoot we were there for 5 hours!
We both hadn't eaten since like 2 and it was already 10pm!
The nurses come in and check out my son, he had a deep laceration and needed to get stitched up.
They put numbing cream on him, patch him back up and we are left to wait for the dr. She finally comes in and evaluates him and tell me hes gonna need stitches... ok!
LOL.
Basically we end up waiting abother 2 hrs for the doctor to come and stitch him up, he needed some happy meds so that way they can actually stitch him up.
I adv them hes probably gonna need a full dose, bc if hes like me I need like 2wice a regular person.
It took a mighty long time but the staff was pretty nice.
Please educate your staff on directions from streets, not just summerlin parkway... or show them how to use google maps bc I almost punched someone bc they simply didnt know where RAMPART was : )

Came to the ER twice in 2011 with my husband as a patient for kidney stones.
He was treated very well, in & out within 3-5 hours.
Today, I was the patient in the ER with a really bad allergic reaction to an antibiotic I was given at UMC Quickcare for strep throat earlier in the week.
I got here at the right time, as I was placed in a chair, asked questions by a very nice nurse, taken back and was in & out in 3.5 hours.
I am feeling so much better!!!
Everyone is very thorough and nice.
I would definitely go back to Summerlin Hospital for any of my needs.

I had my first baby at Summerlin Hospital & it couldn't have been a better experience!
My L&D nurse, Victoria, was supportive, caring & wonderful.
Postpartum nurses Ann & Emma took great care of me & my baby, constantly making sure we had everything we needed.
Everyone was so great, and friendly.
I cant wait to have baby #2, hopefully the 2nd trip is just as wonderful & memorable.
The only thing I would suggest is that you practice evidence based care.
Do not force your patients who don't get an epidural to lay flat on their backs for 8hours of labor, don't threaten c section for "failure to progress" because labor isn't moving in your particular time frame, and definitely don't push epidural after every contraction.

Everything here is cluster f$@&'d.
Scheduled for major surgery at least a month in advance and no one there was prepared.
They screwed up pre-registration that I had to do it twice.
Pre-op diagnostics screwed my tests up that I had to go back 6 times to get the right tests before surgery.
I was surprised that the surgical room looked more like a cluttered storeroom than a sterile surgical environment.
My last two days in the hospital I was ignored by the nursing staff even though they knew I needed routine care and vital checks.
And even though the doctor released me earlier in the day the staff didn't believe me or read my chart to discharge me until 8pm that evening.
Just because it's in Summerlin doesnt mean it's  better.

We just had our 4th child here.
The delivery nurse was great.
After the delivery, we were treated as if we did not exist.
Our first call to the nurse took 30 min to get a drink of water.
Our 2nd call for meds took over 1 hour.
When I went to the nurses station to ask what the hold up was our nurse informed us that Lisa did not tell our her that we called.
That happened more then once where the person didn't tell our nurse we called.
The night shift was definitely worse than the day shift.
Next day, we decided to check out early.
We told the nurse we were ready to check out 3 times.
Each time she said she would be there in just a min.
Each time we asked she also acted as if it was the first time we were asking.
I could understand if the nurses were busy but hardly any patients were there and I often noticed the nurses sitting around talking.
We could have received better service in a 3rd world country.
They even forgot to remove the clip on the umbilical  cord before discharge.
Our 3 other kids were delivered in California.
Each time was a great experience.
Sad to see nurses that don't care about their patients.
I just hope we can find a better hospital for our next child.

I've had to get blood drawn a couple of times and have x-rays done, and have to say it's a terrible experience.
They don't take appointments for the on-site blood lab, so you sit for a loong time (about 2 hours for me one weekday).
it's just ridiculous.
I guess when they don't take appointments they don't have to consider themselves to be slow.
Radiology sucks- I've had to sit in a waiting room in my hospital gown in front of strangers not knowing when they're going to finally call you.

I have had 2 experiences at Summerlin Hospital.
I will say the place is very neat and clean.
The water fountains were so polished and clean you actually didn't mind drinking from them.
The first experience I had was when my Nephew was born in October 2011..
I felt that the Maternity Ward was a bit difficult to find and there weren't enough signs to point you in the right direction.
When we did find it and ask for my Sister-in Laws room the Nurses acted like we were bothering them which made us a bit uncomfortable.
The second time was when my man extreme pain and was bleeding from the mouth.
Even though he was bleeding and rolling around on the floor in pain (there were only 3 others waiting and all so sick they were vomiting on the floor) they would not see him right away and said it would be a 3 hour wait.
We chose to go to another Hospital and he only waited 15 minutes to be seen.

I am a 21 year old female who was born with a genetic condition in which my heart had a hole in the middle of the main valves.
I had a stroke on 2/7/12 while at work.
Emergency services brought me to Summerlin Hospital which was mistake number 1.
The paramedic informed the E.R.
doctor (Dr. Grabert) that I was indeed having a stroke (obvious signs including no right hand control.
difficulty speaking, excessively high heart beat and blood pressure) and the Doctor belittled the paramedic mocking him because he didn't go to medical school.
He told the paramedic that I was having a panic attack and he was going to give me valum and send me home.
He did just that, sent me home with no ability to move the right side of my body and unable to form a sentence.
I was readmitted less than 48 hours later with signs of brain injury (excessive vomiting, severe dizziness, confusion).
The hospital has NOTHING to amend their mistake and has been sending me bill after bill for the following week I spent in the hospital (despite having adequate insurance coverage).
I still suffer from the symptoms that went untreated for a stroke and I feel that everyone should know the danger your Emergency Room doctor put me in.
As stated in every piece of stroke literature; if a stroke goes untreated for an hour, it will cause permanent damage or even death.
Mine went untreated for 48 hours and patient care hasn't even reached out to me once.
If I was fifty years older I would have died after the doctor sent me home.
Now I just get to deal with permanent brain damage for the rest of my life.
I have been fairly quiet about my experiences with Summerlin hospital, but I truly feel that everyone should understand the risk they're facing when walking though those E.R.
doors hoping someone's going to save their life.
Luckily, I'm friends with several local news anchors and their stations have been very interested in my story, I just haven't decided which station would get the most coverage yet.
I've given the hospital a full six months to reach out and try to make mends and they have decided to sweep it under the rug---I could have died and you think that I'm just going to "let it go?
" HA!

I am a 21 year old female who was born with a genetic condition in which my heart had a hole in the middle of the main valves.
I had a stroke on 2/7/12 while at work.
Emergency services brought me to Summerlin Hospital which was mistake number 1.
The paramedic informed the E.R.
doctor (Dr. Grabert) that I was indeed having a stroke (obvious signs including no right hand control.
difficulty speaking, excessively high heart beat and blood pressure) and the Doctor belittled the paramedic mocking him because he didn't go to medical school.
He told the paramedic that I was having a panic attack and he was going to give me valum and send me home.
He did just that, sent me home with no ability to move the right side of my body and unable to form a sentence.
I was readmitted less than 48 hours later with signs of brain injury (excessive vomiting, severe dizziness, confusion).
The hospital has NOTHING to amend their mistake and has been sending me bill after bill for the following week I spent in the hospital (despite having adequate insurance coverage).
I still suffer from the symptoms that went untreated for a stroke and I feel that everyone should know the danger your Emergency Room doctor put me in.
As stated in every piece of stroke literature; if a stroke goes untreated for an hour, it will cause permanent damage or even death.
Mine went untreated for 48 hours and patient care hasn't even reached out to me once.
If I was fifty years older I would have died after the doctor sent me home.
Now I just get to deal with permanent brain damage for the rest of my life.
I have been fairly quiet about my experiences with Summerlin hospital, but I truly feel that everyone should understand the risk they're facing when walking though those E.R.
doors hoping someone's going to save their life.
Luckily, I'm friends with several local news anchors and their stations have been very interested in my story, I just haven't decided which station would get the most coverage yet.
I've given the hospital a full six months to reach out and try to make mends and they have decided to sweep it under the rug---I could have died and you think that I'm just going to "let it go?
" HA!
I don't really understand why this review was filtered.
I guess it's too negative and honest?
Thanks Yelp...I thought you guys were looking for honest reviews to help people make good decisions.
Apparently you want people to go to hospitals that make fatal mistakes.
SMH.

Been here since Monday night and have had my husband checked into ER, floor four and ICU.
Service here is always hit and miss some nurses are outstanding at bed side manor and then their are others that this is really just a job and they are not people persons.
I never understand that because nursing while healing and is a very expertise type job also includes being a people person and polite I think.
All the doctors have been good for the most part and really enjoyed the interventionist.
I think the food here overall is good for a hospital as well, could be worse.
Overall I don't know that you find anything better anywhere else.

How do you review a hospital?
Well, I can say that it was the best hospital I have ever visited.
Kinda looks like those you'd see on a television show.
Very clean, very quiet and the staff is pretty nice and courteous.
My general doctor has his office here, so that I like.
And they have valet service here.
Wow!
Can't say I've seen that at Valley, Sunrise or UMC.

Summerlin Hospital wasn't the hospital that I had picked to deliver my baby since it was further away from home and they weren't getting very good reviews.
But after getting kicked out of the hospital that I was pre registered at my doctor sent me to Summerlin telling me that the charge nurse was ready for me there with a room.
Sure enough I get there and they knew exactly who I was and I was sent to a room ASAP.
When you are in labor you don't want to mess around.
It was a bit chaotic on that Sunday so I had a bunch of nurses that came in and took down my medical history.
I finally did get one L&D nurse named Shannon who was pretty great.
She explained to me everything that was going on and what she was doing and she really took the time to make sure I understood what was what.
I felt well taken care but she had to leave and I was assigned the night nurse.
The night nurse was ok, but Shannon definitely stood out among the many L&D nurses that I had that day.
After my C-Section, I was in the hospital for a couple of days and you get to meet a lot of new nurses in Postpartum.
Mary and Kristen (baby RN) were a great team!
I had another nurse that I really liked as well, but her name has escaped my sleep deprived brain since I only had her one day.
Being in the hospital is not fun and by the 2nd day I was ready to be discharged regardless of the awesome nursing staff.
My one complaint is that after I was in labor for 19 hours and then went through the c-section ordeal, they were making me sign papers a couple of hours after surgery.
I know it's probably standard protocol but I was up for 24 hours by then and exhausted.
Overall, I do think Summerlin was a great choice to have my baby and I'm glad that we were able to have a great team to help us through this ordeal.

Please see my other review for Summerlin Hospital.
Again, there are 2 Yelp pages for the same business.
When I checked in I guess it checked into a different one.

Came to the ER in total pain, begging for pain medicine.
They let me in right away and started investigating.
My doctor looked 15, but, I'm not going to hate.
One CAT scan later, they admitted me to the hospital.
I got a really small "back-up" room and my neighbor kept yelling about needing to be changed.
No matter, I was pretty strung out on pain medicine the entire time.
Overall, I was really impressed with the nursing staff.
They regularly checked on me and always asked if I needed anything.
I was in a lot of pain so it was very appreciated.
My experience here was night and day from Mountainview Hospital (the hospital I checked out of to go to Summerlin).
I would go back in a heartbeat.
Moral of the story:  If you feel like you're getting insufficient care at a hospital, leave and go to another one.
It may save your life.

like the location.
always clean.
Friendly Staff.
Nothing like UMC!!!!
The nurses.. well it depends some are sooo nice and amazing the other seem so impatient and in a rush.
I feel like they need to be reminded sometimes they are helping humans.. ill at times ones..

This review is for the emergency room department only.
I've heard a couple of horror stories about this ER but I figured sh** happens.
Anyways it was New Year's Eve and my baby's pediatricians office was closed.
The on call nurse told us to go to a hospital with a pediatric ER doc.
Summerlin obviously had a pediatrician in the ER so that's where we went.
The waiting room wasn't very full when I got there.
I thought ok in and out in a hour to a hour and a half.
I ended up waiting there for over 3 hours just for the doctor to see us for 2 minutes and say oh I'm just gonna give you antibiotics.
She didn't even bother taking a culture sample.
I felt so rushed I didn't even get a chance to ask questions.
She just said this antibiotic is good for killing this.
I had to wait another 20 min for the prescription.
Luckily the discharge area was a bit easier and efficient.
I left with my 4 month old drained, tired and poorer.
I had scheduled an appointment for my baby with her doctor and it turns out since the doctor didn't even bother taking a culture the antibiotics didn't even work for this strain of bacteria.
That's scary since I had told the ER doc that she had a SERIOUS bacterial infection that had come back which could happen according to my baby's doctor.
If you decide to come here make sure the doctors do their due diligence.
Make them take cultures, etc even if you have to chase them down the hall.
PS.
I think you guys should put disinfecting wipes in the waiting room so that we can wipe down the seats and handles as there are people with pneumonia, etc in that room and a lot of babies were in that room that day.

This review is for the AntePartum department of the Maternity Ward (2nd floor).
EXCELLENT STAFF- RN's, CNA's, and doctors.
Through the years, I'd heard many good things about the Maternity department.
I had pre-registered online in my 35th week (site is user-friendly- a plus)- there was a possibility mentioned by the High Risk Pregnancy Center, so I wanted to be prepared.
Towards the last few days of week 35- on a friday, my OB-GYN advised me to go to the hospital because my BP was too high, 160s.
I checked in, went into the surgery triage room, and waited for the perinatologist (high risk pregnancy center) to determine what to do next.
The doctors and nurses (rn's- mary, nancy, chris, etc.
& cna's) were all very nice- they would keep us informed.
We were waiting to hear from the perinatologist who would do an ultrasound and a review of the recent findings (from the HRPC); finally it was determined- I was scheduled to deliver on sunday.
The food (the solids, anyway) was pretty good, too.
(Note: the night before my surgery, we were able to borrow a wheelchair so that I could get some fresh air outside- the grounds are beautiful.
)  I was able to get a room that night (all private?
); mine had a view overlooking the valet and parking lot.
The room was comfortable- a bed, a bedside table, several chairs- one that converted into a bed for the expecting father, a tv with a dvd player, a chest, a closet, and a bathroom.
My husband brought me movies from home to watch, to keep me occupied.
Housekeeping came daily, which was always a short visit.
The hospital itself is very clean.
And there was no weird creepy hospital smell either.
I ended up staying a week (had never stayed overnight in a hospital before, nor had I been apart from my husband); though I had some little bumps (unfavorable medicine reactions- I am really sensitive and I had a lot of pain- I went through a lot).
The nurses were right about encouraging me to walk the hallways, through my pain with the c-section surgery (it did get easier like they said), in order to get my system back to normal.
I was under constant supervision- medicines, lots of monitoring- blood pressure, and testing- blood tests & 24 hour urine, so I wasn't able to get a lot of rest (plus my neighbors also had baby monitoring- the heartbeats were pretty loud).
I was lucky if I had three hours straight sleep.
I did receive excellent care, though I wasn't having the greatest time.
Many doctors checked in with me- the doctors who delivered my son- Dr. Ghadisha & Dr. Maligaya, my own OB-GYN, Dr. Brathwaite (all with Southwest Medical Associates), and a couple other doctors I only saw once.
The nursery was excellent as well.
Our son received round-the-clock care and attention- though he came early, he was born healthy and normal- we were very lucky.
The nurse would get him- heavy security (a good thing), and we would be able to have him in my room as long as we wanted.
On the cafeteria food, the prices were pretty decent (minus the ice cream) and the food was pretty good, too.
My husband went there many times, as he was here visiting me and the baby.
BTW, Patients are not allowed in the cafeteria.
I should mention that the other parents/patients on the floor, were all very nice, too.
There were some patients who had a really long stay- 37 days, six months.
So, yes, looking back, my week's stay seemed short, in comparison.
One couple gave us their preemie clothes, three outfits, which was very nice.
They were told they would be having a preemie, but they had a 8-pound baby.
My few complaints: the overwhelming thing is that everyone would come to the room at the same time- felt a little bombarded at times: the photographer- Bella, the welfare clerk- this was a mistake, as I had double coverage, the clerk to get our medical insurance information, the breastfeeding nurse, etc.
And possibly another thing that was beginning to irritate me, the subject of post-partum depression would keep popping up (it wasn't that, though, I was extremely weak- the liquid diet wasn't helping, the medicines were really affecting me, and I wasn't getting much sleep, either- I just wanted to go home and get back to some normal version of myself).
I understand the concern, though.
The checkout process was very long- over 5 hours.
The nurse told us she had to complete lots of paperwork, and in the final hour before we were able to leave, we went through discharge directions, signed the forms, and were given the TDAP shots (3-in-1).
We were also given some supplies as well.
To recap- excellent care, staff, nursery, clean facility, nice private rooms for maternity patients, good food in rooms and cafe, pre-registration process is user-friendly.

It's actually very hard to review this hospital fairly with one rating because one aspect of the visit was HORRIBLE and the other aspect of the visit was the total opposite.
I am basing my star rating on my ER experience because I'm guessing that is more of what people would check reviews for.
The ER situation is atrocious.
I've been in the hospital a LOT in my lifetime (unfortunately).
I've lived in several states, experienced ERs in both private and public hospitals and I have NEVER had a wait as long as I did here.
There was zero privacy for triage, there were absolutely not enough seats in the waiting areas and they had people who had been seen brought back out to continue waiting (I'm assuming for test results?
) in the waiting room - some in hospital gowns, others in wheelchairs... who wants to be sitting half naked in a freezing waiting room???
I was in the waiting room for over three hours.
At NO point in that time did anyone make an attempt to come out and perhaps look at disinfecting/cleaning after patients who had come and gone.
I was not in with any time of infectious or contagious disease but there were people coughing, both adults and children vomiting into plastic bags all over the waiting room... who wants to sit in those seats after that??
The whole process is frustrating.
You stand around waiting for someone to take your name.
Then you wait to see triage.
Then you wait SOME MORE to see someone in registration.
Then - you guessed it - more waiting to see a doctor finally.
Once I DID finally get into the actual ER, I was kept overnight and every single nurse and doctor I interacted with other than one was extremely kind and caring.
The one nurse who was the exception seemed to hate his life - I could hear him complaining about the staff, the hospital, all of it, from my room.
But everyone else was truly a blessing who made a horrible situation for me much more comfortable and I felt they really did care.
Overall the medical staff at the hospital was fantastic.
But if I ever had to go to the ER again, I highly doubt I would return here.

500th review!
Might as well be the hospital that brought my precious little baby into the world.
And I should probably write the review before I start duking it out with my health insurance company.
It always tries to get out of paying its share of the bills.
This hospital offers childcare and childbirth classes.
Both traditional and "alternative" childbirth classes.
Not free but reasonably priced.
The classes my husband and I took were heavy on discussion, which was super helpful for me.
A lot of questions came up that I never thought to ask.
And in the child care class, they let us practice changing diapers, bathing and swaddling over and over on pretty accurate baby dolls (floppy and heavy).
My husband had never changed a diaper in his life, so this practice came in super handy when I was incapacitated after the birth.
Like Margret mentioned, the pre-registration process was super easy.
I got the paperwork at the free hospital tour, filled it out at home, and dropped it off.
They made copies of my insurance cards and I was good to go.
In terms of labor and delivery, there are good and bad aspects.
When I first checked in, I was put into triage which is a bunch of curtained beds.
There the nurses verified whether I was really ready to have the baby.
That took longer than I would have liked and we had to listen to other conversations about potential miscarriages that also came in for treatment.
They really should have a separate triage area for people who are having issues.
It's really awkward to hear people talking about such a sensitive subject and I'm sure the other patients didn't appreciate hearing about my perfectly healthy 39 week term baby on the way.
The delivery rooms and post partum rooms are private.
I seriously can't imagine how it would work any other way.
The delivery rooms are big, no windows, but really nice.
The post partum rooms are smaller but have a window.
Each room, delivery or post partum, has its own restroom with shower stocked with basic toiletries (toothpaste, toothbrush, combo bathwash/shampoo).
In terms of my delivery, well, let's just say things don't always go as planned.
It was a rough recovery.
Most of the staff were extremely helpful, competent and nice.
However, with all things in life, there has to be a few crazies running around.
One nurse kept complaining to me that the rooms were not properly stocked.
Uh, I'm hooked up to an IV, I can't feel my legs, and yet I feel like a truck just hit me.
What the f*ck do you want me to do about it?!?
Thankfully the nurses changed at least every 12 hours.
The most annoying thing was that the nurses all had very different advice about child care.
Very confusing for a first time, sleep-deprived mom.
I know opinions differ, but it would be great if they all had a pow wow and developed a party line on certain crucial issues.
And a Yelp review would not be complete if I didn't critique the food.
Some of it was pretty crappy.
Do NOT get the cheeseburger.
And the fries were awful as well.
The low-sodium tomato soup was super sweet - yuck.
But the chicken tenders were tasty (ask for extra ranch dressing) and I had a special farfelle with meatballs which was pretty good.
There was a Nutrition Room in post partum where patients and their significant others can help themselves to pudding, jello, sandwiches, popsicles, etc.
Most of the food in the Nutrition Room was super sweet, surprisingly enough.
But food on demand is available.
I can't give it five stars, but it was a pretty good experience for me under the circumstances.

In times of need, you want to go to a hospital that will treat you well and is quick and efficient.
This hospital is probably the best one I have ever been to.
They treated me and my child very well and made us feel comfortable in our times of need.

Everytime I've gone, either for me or my children the ER nurses and staff have been 100% on pt, understanding and seem to genuniely care.
Wait times are insane, but im learning in vegas thats just the nature of the beast.
If I have to wait, but in the end am met with respect, help and a solution then I am happy.
I am thankful.

My wife and I toured Labor and delivery at summerlin hospital.
The rooms here are very spacious and the hospital is very clean the staff was very helfpful in answering our questions.
The one thing that stuck out to me the most and the only reason that we did not go with Summerlin for our delivery, was simply because it seemed so fast paced.
Even the nurse explained to us that summerlin can easily deliver 50-75 babies a month to where other hospitals will only do 20-30.

Where do I begin?
I will start by saying that I have been going to summerlin hospital since I found out that I was pregnant.
They offer many birthing classes.
I attending natural birth methods, breast feeding basics, and a car seat safety check.
The price of the classes were under $60 and the car seat check and brith tour were both free.
I have birth to my daughter here and was very impressed with the nursing staff.
Everyone was extremely nice and made me feel safe and appreciated.
I felt like a person not a patient.
The delivery room was large with a tv and private bathroom.
There was enough seating for up to 6 guests.
The postpartum room was about half the size of the delivery room but comfy.
There is one lounge for someone to stay the night with you that folded down into a sleeper.
We asked for sheets and a pillow and the nurse actually made up the bed for my husband.
It is a requirement that the hospital keep you for 24hours after natural birth (longer if C-Section).
The food was not that great but its free.
I also liked how they brought a celebration dessert with sparkling cider and flutes to toast!
That was a surprising treat!
I kept saying that it was like The Four Seasons hospital because of how clean and professional everything was.
It was a great a great experience and highly recommend delivering at the hospital.
The ER room is why I gave 4 stars.
There was no sense in urgency when I had a newborn that needed to be seen .
There was only one person assisting in the ER.
Once we were in the room to be seen by the doctor ER waiting 45 mins.
That wad too long to wait with a 4 week old.
I will not return to this ER again!

Terrible!
Don't believe all the hype.
This is for OB.
The tour sounded great, of coarse once we actually had the baby totally different story.
The nurse told me they ran out of pillows.
How does a hospital run out of pillows?
Then she yelled at my spouse to not help me sit up when i needed his help because her lazy ass would not help me.
She literally stuck me in a room and left me there.
I was just lucky that my wonderful mom who is also a nurse from a different hospital came to help me.
Thank god the shifts changed and they replaced my terrible nurse with an amazing one (she gets five stars).
So did things get better after I had the baby?
No!
More terrible nurses came to pretend help me.
One nurse even said she needs to take my baby because the labs are running behind then walked out of the room with my baby.
Which i was told on the tour would never happen.
I called my husband and made him hunt her down and bring the baby back.
They forgot to get me my dinner, its okay i only just delivered.
One nurse told me my baby was too cold and took the baby to warm the baby up after she blamed me for it.
Then came back and said that she could not get my babies body temp up and gave the baby back to me.
You know why!?!
Because my baby was not COLD!!!!
One woman, who was nice but annoying spent a hour trying to get my baby to latch.
My baby would not because she was SLEEPY!!
Once the nursing police left my baby latched on her own 5 hours later.
So overall...staff was lazy, rude, annoying, incompetent, and pushy.
Had i know this i would have went to a different hospital.

This review is for the Emergency Room.
(I wonder whether my review will be "filtered" just like the 25+ other 1-star reviews... )  I honestly hope that neither you nor your loved ones would ever need to go to the ER but if you do, avoid this place like the plague.
This is the WORST medical establishment I've ever been to, staffed and run by incompetent clowns.
Everyone with whom I encountered from the check-in staff through the nurses to the PA was grossly unprofessional.
The wait is also horrible, 4.5+ hours before being seen by a doctor?
Seriously??
And "being seen" means his glancing at you for 5 seconds???
In fact, the wait was so long that by the time I was finally seen by the doctor, they had managed to loose my test sample they collected upon my arrival.
Oh, and do not expect privacy - it's non-existent there.
Also, do not expect to be treated like a human being at Summerlin Hospital.
What you can expect is overhearing nurses discussing their meal preferences at Chipotle as well as gossiping and making fun of patients after their departure (but still in front of other patients that are still there.
) You can also hear nurses mocking patients that are in pain or loudly counting down the remaining time of their shift or complaining about their job.
They also act offended if they are called to the patient's room.
What a joke.
Even the doctor was complaining that he needs to deal with 17-20 patients at a time.
Whose fault is that???
Mine???
Not really but I was certainly paying for that with my time.
To top it off, I also had to witness one of the nurses complain about how "nothing works here", which surely didn't help me re-establish trust in this facility.
When I asked the nurse about the necessity of a certain procedure, she just shrugged her shoulder and answer: "This is what he [the doctor] orders for everyone.
"  Do not go to the ER at Summerlin Hospital unless you do not mind being robbed off your time, your money and your dignity.

Friendly nurses and clean hospital but doctors do not know what they are doing.
My grandfather was admitted here and all 3 doctors that were diagnosing him could not come to a decision.
They had no clue what the problem was one doctor said it was nothing another said he needed surgery and the third one said he needed a stress test?
How is it possible that after 2 days of exams and observations they cant come to a simple diagnosis?

This review is not for the Summerlin Hospital rather the Medical Center attached to it.
Summerlin Hospital Medical Center gets 5-stars by default due to the fact that it is home to Dr. Scott MacLeod.
Dr. MacLeod cured me of an auto-immune disorder that the medical profession claims there is no cure for.
So what the hell does this mean???
Is MacLeod Jesus or something?
Because all I know is that my auto-immune disorder must have ascended to heaven after he was done with it.
Summerlin Medical Center is really ritzy, clean, and technologically advanced.
The Doctors here are no joke.
Log off yelp and do your research for a bit.... google every Doctor with a private practice in this area.
90% of them got their medical degrees from overseas Med Schools located in places like Portugal, Uzbekistan, England, and the Caribbean.
Most states will not allow individuals with degrees from those schools to practice.
Nevada is one of the only states that allows unaccredited MDs from these Euro schools to practice.
Now, google every doctor at the Summerlin Medical Center....you will see that all of them went to the very best medical schools in the united states.
For example, Dr. MacLeod went to Western University of Health Sciences in Pomona California, which is fully accredited in all 50 states and rated by every major medical accreditation organization as the #1 school for Osteopathic surgery and medicine.
This is practically the "Harvard Law" of D.O.
medical degrees.
It's the best you can get.
And that's the kind of Doctor you get here.
I recently went to an Urgent Care in Spring Valley which had all 5-star reviews from the Elite Squad.
This place had a doctor who got his degree in South America.
I spent the next 2 weeks recovering from adverse effects from a medication that hasn't been widely prescribed since world war II.
Hey elites, Thanks a bunch!
Did you guys 5-star the Doctor because he had a Taiwanese shaved ice machine in the waiting room and was giving out free meal vouchers for Yonaka or something?

A miserable experience!
My wife hurt her leg and was unable to walk so we took her to the emergency room.
7 hours later (6+ waiting to be seen) she was misdiagnosed and generally miserable.
They claimed a lactic acid buildup from running was the cause not the stress fracture that her doctor in NY diagnosed.
Incompetent in every way.

My dad was sent here by ambulance , because we refused to have him sent to Centennial ER on Durango!
They stay was so pleasant and gentle with our elder father.
They made him comfortable and the the wait was average for ER but the doctor Ahmad was able to get us the help we needed after several hospitals, our transfer wasn't available to another facility so they gave me dad a room.
My dads only complaint was the wait time for transfer which was almost two days and the food!
In the ER they had a visitor wait are that offered comp coffee and other beverages, which was nice.

Here to deliver our second baby, scheduled c-sec but since Doctor Vennart got done with his other patients, he moved mine an hour earlier (which was perfect).
Anesthetic Dr. Bischoff did an amazing job.
Liza (RN) was very helpful.
She was there the whole time and took care of me, post partum as well.
Collete was the grave nurse which was very helpful and funny, making jokes like pardon for the undies which you wear afterwards and called it "Frederick's of summerlin" just little things that takes your mind off the pain.
Then we had Jessica, she was training an intern but was still efficient and very helpful!
Totally a better experience than our first pregnancy which was at Spring Valley.
Highly recommend this hospital!
Thank you all for the kindness & hospitality!

Delivered my son here, staff was so nice and friendly.
All the nurses in the labor and delivery as well as maternity were so helpful.
Will deliver here again if I have any more babies!

Effiecient and expeditiously assisted with pre-op on xmas eve.
Signs or notices need to be larger for people to see, alot of people were confused or lost due to staff being out early on Xmas eve.

My experience here was almost nothing but good.
I came here in labor and from the get - go had wonderful nurses.
One in particular, Shelly from prenatal, is a true angel.
I can't even begin to explain how much of an impact she had in saving my son's life.
Thank you Shelly!!
I spent 7 days in the hospital after delivering my son and had wonderful nurses, as did my son in the nicu.
Nicu discharge took a bit long but we made it home eventually.
Also, the insurance lady was not at all my favorite.
She harassed me about making a massive payment on the spot while my baby was struggling in the nicu, alone.
That really pissed me off.
I have insurance and didn't think I'd be told to pre pay for my expected stay.
Either way, my son is alive today because, in part, of the efforts of the staff here and for that, I am forever grateful.

Omg.
This is not the first time this has happened, but last time was my son.
My mom checked in to ER today at 1:00.
It's now 7:00 and has yet to see a doctor.
Are you kidding.
6 hours and nothing.
Ok.
I exaggerated 12 minutes.
It's 12 till 7.
When we were here with my son we waited in the main lobby 3 hours and just left.

Your best bet is go to another hospital, they will mistreat for fun.

five hour wait after making "appointment" on line.
Stuck in an isolation room for no reason, I came in in pain.
go somewhere else.

ER was less than ideal.
talked to 3 different nurses during my two hour ER stay for a fractured wrist.
Discharge medication was one 5 mg oxycodone every 12 hours for a fractured wrist.
I was in excruciating pain.
I ended up having to go to urgent care the same day and that doctor told me that was ridiculous give me 7.5 and told me to take them every 4 to 6 hours.
I called the hospital three times and they told me they could not give me anything stronger and didn't advise me otherwise.
The nurse came to give me discharge instructions and I had to remind her that I needed a splint before I left.
Then they told me to wait till the end of the week to see an orthopedic doctor to let the swelling go down.
Horrible advice, I went the next day to my orthopedist and I'm scheduled for surgery within a week.
Just all in all poor care and horrible advice.

Guess who just experienced his very first kidney stone.....this guy.
I despise going to doctors let alone emergency rooms.
However, I could not avoid a trip this time as my insides felt like they were being ripped apart by a cheese grater.
So, off to Summerlin E.R.
I go  After a terribly painful drive to the hospital I limped into the lobby and collapsed in pain right at the check in counter.
(Maybe i should have had someone drive me)  One of the nice ladies at the desk immediately grabbed a wheelchair for me and got me into a room with a nurse and started to work on me right away.
After a few tests and questions they determined it was safe to give me something for the pain through the I.V.
before the CT scan.
Sweet baby Jesus!
I don't know what was in that stuff but I sure didn't feel pain after that!
After hours of pain (which was my fault for waiting for so long before going into the ER) I was finally able to rest comfortably while they did the C.T.
scan and a few other tests.
The Nurse: 5 Stars: She was great!
She was attentive, she kept me informed on what was going on and what the next steps were going to be and also very professional.....not to mention probably one of the most beautiful women in Las Vegas.
The Doctor: 5 Stars: She  was very informative and had excellent bed side manner.
I was a nervous wreck, the Doc managed to calm me down and tell me that everything was going to be ok, (which took a bit of convincing because i thought my insides were exploding and it was game over for me)  If I could remember the doctors and the nurses names, I would send them flowers and a thank you note.....They made this awful experience not as scary or difficult as it could have easily been.
If I ever have to go to another E.R, I hope the experience is as half as good as the one I had a Summerlin E.R.

Thank God for the  caring nurses and excellent Drs.My mom spent 2 weeks here, in ICU after lung surgery.
Its a nice hospital with an excellent staff.
Good food too!
Cheers and thank you to all the awsome people who took care of my Mom, Joyce.

Even though I felt like I was dying, I had a very pleasant experience at this Hospital.
The ER doctor Christopher was very sincere, and informative.
I came here after a horrific reaction to an antibiotic I was prescribed by my family doctor.
I was treated very well and respected.

