Wow, I can't believe no one's reviewed this place since it's 1derful.
I did get married a lil while ago & it wasn't stressful @ all, did everything myself.
The purple bridesmaid dresses were found by me in a bridal mag & then ordered here.
I remember that it took some shipping time, everyone came in to try them on & then if any alterations were needed they took care of it.
I looked at bridal dresses here & all over & would have purchased here 'cept I bid on a fab charity auction event one that I got instead.

Don't give this place your business!!!
Buying my wedding dress was supposed to be a special & memorable experience.
Instead, I was treated like crap, ignored, and even hung up on by the owner!!
My dress came in missing accessories, and when I asked when I can expect the missing pieces to be delivered, he gave me a deep sigh, rolled his eyes, and said "I'll let you know!
"  All in all, the entire experience was a nightmare, and the staff was rude & extremely unprofessional.
I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.

In need of a bridesmaid dress, found this spot on Yelp.
It's pretty easy to miss if you're not paying attention.
Small lot out front and back and it's tucked away in between business offices and a residential area.
The gals behind the counter were nice but I found nothing that was to my liking but ONE dress, it wasn't even to to my liking, I pretty much settled and that's what the 3-Star rating is for.
They had tons of dresses so I was hoping that there'd at least be 5 dresses that I would like... No, not really, I settled on ONE.
Not that I liked it, but it was either that dress or the $300 one at the other bridal store or David's Bridal, uhm, no thanks!!!
One thing that I do LOVE is that they have B&W photos on the walls of their shop, very cute but...
The selection is what gets the 3-Stars.
Poop.
P.S.
Like in any Bridal store, they do not allow you to take photos, but when you're trying on the dress, they do not enter the dressing room unless you need something, so turn off the flash and any sounds that your camera makes and snap away.

They have a great selection.
Got my wedding dress here.

My first wedding dress experience and it wasn't bad at all.
I had been looking online for dresses before I even went, so I had an idea of what I wanted to try on.
My bridal assistant, Ashley, was sweet and kind.
She gave me as much time as I wanted and probably saw more skin than I've shown most people.
They don't take appointments, so by the time I was done with my dress trying session, it was packed.
Their dresses are reasonable priced and I was happy with what I had tried on and experienced.
I know what I don't want and that's the first step in finding "THE DRESS.
" I came out liking two dresses and we'll see if I will be back to buy one of them!
Overall, I felt they had good customer service, not sure how it is when it gets really busy, but I felt pretty special on the pedestal with my white dress and everyone oohing and aahing.
PS.
One of my bridesmaids also looked through their dress selection and was able to find a couple of potential dresses to wear too.

I called Celebrations Bridal a week in advance and made an appointment to look at Bridal gowns.
When I called to make the appointment the girl who answered specifically asked me to go online and select some gowns that I liked and bring my selections with me.
I arrived to the store to find out that they did not have me down as having an appointment.
The store was PACKED and was completely chaotic!!
I gave the girl the list of dresses that I thought were potential picks (about 8 dresses) she came back about 20 minutes later to inform me that they didn't acutally carry any of the dresses I picked!!!!
Those dresses by those particular designers is the only reason I went there!!!
They then asked me to look around and let them know if I found something that I liked.
I managed to find one, but when I went to find the sales person she asked me to keep looking because a dressing room wouldn't be available for 30 minutes.
There wasn't even anywhere to sit so people were sitting on the floor....
I ended up walking out because I was so frustrated, don't waste your time!

Huge selection for any occasion where a fancy dress is needed was my first impression of this shop.
They have plenty of dresses for prom, weddings, and quinceaneras.
The dresses vary in ornate styles.
For those who are less flashy, many simple dresses were on display.
For those more daring, there was a bounty of sequins, beading, lace, and taffeta.
I am learning how weddings work and it can be a stressful experience.
Two of my best friends have hit the final stretch and Celebrations has made the experience very smooth.
Getting some slight alterations, the bride was able to just say what she wanted, got it fitted, and out within 25 minutes.
I was shocked.
In fact, we prepared to stay for an hour or two.

Celebrate good times....come on!!
Being the blushing bride to be that I am, I was on the hunt for my whimsical white dress and decided to head over to Celebrations Bridal.
It is in the cutest stand alone building off the middle of nowhere and Jones Blvd.
LOL.
You can miss it if you are not looking.
Once we entered we were greeted right away by our consultant.
She gave us some guidance and off we went to choose the dresses.
The store was full of beautiful dresses and accessories everywhere.
My consultant was amazing.
She pulled and prodded til I looked like a size 2.
Of course we bought a dress here and overall everything has gone smoothly.
The service was great, the staff was friendly and very helpful.
But what I liked best was that I did not feel like they were trying to sell me on anything.
Everything I chose, I chose.
I did not feel like they were trying to take advantage of me at all.
Even though I shopped a little late they were up front on which items we needed to add a rush charge too and which ones we didn't.
I would have paid for it on everything.
They have been great at keeping me in the loop too whenever anything comes in.
I love it.
So, despite what everyone thought....I am no Bridezillla.
I am a gratefulzilla.
Anyone who can make a bride feel calm deserves some recognition.
Celebrate good service...come on....you know you want to sing it!

My experience was terrible!!!
I have to buy a bridesmaid dress for a wedding back east.
The style was carried at this store.
I went there and 4 girls were standing behind the cash register.
No one wanted to help.
Then I asked where I could find the dress the girl told me a department # and told me to find it.
The dept # ended up wrong and I had to ask someone else for help!
She told me it would take 4 months to get it in and I needed to buy now.
She didn't even know the wedding date!
I was so annoyed bc I didn't end up finding any dress and  had terrible help.
Id rather order online and take a chance before I went back there to search for a dept # on each tag!

Do not shop here!
Read reviews on other sites.
I have never had a worse experience.
I am a bridesmaid and pregnant.
When I went in to buy the dress, they only had a size 16 available and they wanted me to get that one and alter it.
Ya right.
Then they looked in their book and saw that the dress comes in a maternity style (which costs extra of course).
I wanted a larger size but the owner and salesgirl insisted I get the smaller size.
When I came in almost 8 weeks later for my fitting, the dress was way too small.
3 inches too small on the side and very long as well.
They said they would alter the dress and I made an appointment a week later to come back.
When I went back, it was still an inch or more too small.
The girl tried to squeeze me into the dress and I asked her to stop because it was hurting.
She pinched my skin twice and I told her to leave it alone.
She said that only 2 inches could be taken out in stead of the needed 3 inches.
I asked them how that was supposed to work and they gave me attitude.
Then she said they could take some material off the bottom and put a piece into the side.
Obviously that would not look good and she also said it would cost me more.
None of this would have happened if they would have ordered the bigger dress in the first place, like I aksed them to.
I told them to just give me the dress as is and I would find someone else to fix it.
Then they said I still owed $27 for rush delivery and the dress could not leave the store until that was paid.
I refused and asked to speak to the owner.
I was told they were out of town.
The manager that day was rude and the entire experience was horrible.
They still have the dress and the wedding is in a week.
The bride had to call them and they still wouldn't budge so she paid the $27, added stress to her already full plate, and I have to drive way over there to pick the dress up and still get it fixed.
Not good customer service!
I should get my money back for the entire order.
Other wibsites will show you much worse reviews.
Believe them, they are true.
Don't waste your time at this store.

I guess they will film "Say Yes to The Dress (SYTTD)" anywhere now.
I had an appointment the Saturday I came in.
The store was setting up for the SYTTD show and completely ignored me regardless of my appointment.
Finally, I got a sales associate who seemed very new and wet behind the ears.
She was sweet but I could not look past her inexperience.
When I asked her for help finding tea length dresses she escorted me to the brides made section and said anyone could be made into a white/ivory color.
The section was a complete MESS and she was unwilling to help me dig through it.
I literally felt like I was in Ross.
After help from my group of ladies, I was able to come up with about 12 dresses to try on.
The sales associate DID NOT HELP ONCE WITH GETTING THE DRESS ON!
What a joke!
David's Bridal helped me more than this place.
I thought I finally found a dress I liked.....but left the store to check out a few more shops first.
As I reflected on the situation I realized I could NEVER give this shop my money- regardless of falling in love with the dress.

Celebrations Bridal is wonderful!!!
It was my first visit today and it was magnificent!!!
The Bride and I visited on a Tue @ 5 pm with an appointment and everyone was so helpful, nice and knowledgeable!!
Don't believe ANY of the ridiculous negatives reviews!!!!!
So glad we went and the bride was very satisfied!!!!!
THANK YOU LAURA!!

I was so impressed with my experience at Celebrations.
Penny, the employee assisting me, was amazing and extremely helpful.
She was honest and made me feel pretty-- even in the dresses that didn't look so hot.
I shopped on a Saturday, so the store was super busy.
That didn't made a difference to me though.
Penny's attention was solely on me the entire time and even though the place was a mad house, I felt calm and definitely not rushed.
They encouraged my girlfriends and I to drink champagne and be silly while I was trying on dresses.
What a relief!
I'm definitely not the "stuffy bridal salon" kind of girl.
The manager (I think) was super friendly when I checked in and even came by later to ask how everything was going during my session.
The selection of dresses is outstanding compared to a few of the other bridal stores in town.
I left without making a purchase, but I think I will be going back to buy my gown in the coming months.
I highly, highly recommend this store!
Just be sure to make an appointment so you get enough attention... especially on a busy Saturday.

I found my dream wedding dress here!
I came in with 5 of my girls on a busy Saturday afternoon.
I told the sales associate I wanted lace on the dress, but was open to trying on any style.
She grabbed a bunch of lacy dresses, as well as a dress that did not particularly look nice on the hanger.
It didn't have lace either, so I was skeptical, but she said to just try it on anyway, it might look good with the body type I had.
After trying on 5 dresses, I tried on the dress she picked... and I absolutely fell in love with it!!!
I said yes to the dress right then and there, put a deposit on the dress, and was told it'll be about 4 months until we receive the dress.
Fast forward 5 days later, I get a call from them saying my dress is in!!!
When I ordered the dress, they knew the size dress that would be most appropriate for me, and we ordered.
When I came to pick up the dress and tried it on, it fit so perfectly I wanted to cry!
The only alterations that need to be done at this point is the length.
I am so thankful for the wonderful staff at Celebrations who helped me to find my dream dress, to open my mind to try on dresses I wouldn't have imagined I would be trying on.
They are super professional and very accommodating.
They really catered to me and my girlfriends, giving them bottles of water.
They made me feel so beautiful!
I can't wait to come back to shop for the veil and belt!

Patti helped me and she was great.
However, my dress shopping experience was ruined when the male owner stated "well, when you decide to order, I hope you order from us, because we did spend a lot of time on you.
"  This stated after I'd been there once for an hour.
He was referencing bridesmaid dresses and no time had been spent on us with regards to bridesmaid dresses, but time was spent with regards to the wedding gown.
I told him that trying to force me to buy something was not the best way to go about it, and he just looked smug and said that was not what he said, and condescendingly told me that "he'd been in the business 25 years.
"  I wanted to slap him, because even when being called out he was still a jerk.
Then to add insult to injury, I found out that the dress I liked was discontinued but they bold face lied to me and said they could still order it and that I'd have to give them five months to get it in, knowing full well they would be selling me the dress off the rack (and not at a discontinued price).
They conveniently added a boy to the dress so that you could not find the model online, and they change the names of the dresses so you cannot get a model number of them.

DO NOT GO TO CELEBRATIONS BRIDAL!!!
AWFUL CUSTOMER SERVICE AND COMPLETELY OVERPRICED!
I began working with Celebrations bridal, in search of 4 bridesmaids dresses with bride, in June of 2012.
We picked a few dresses out and left the store with serial numbers of our favorite picks.
On September 29, 2012, we returned to this bridal store to get measurements taken and decide on a dress to order.
Our choice was a long, chiffon gown with a one shoulder strap resembling flower petals (Allure bridesmaid dress 1267).
This sample dress was white, so I was asked to choose from an array of colors from a small swatch in various colors that matched the wedding.
In search of a coral swatch, we began having a hard time choosing.
These swatches were not only in the wrong fabric (satin/silk), but they were also not matching up exactly with what color I needed.
When asked for the chiffon swatches from Allure, the employees reported that they did not have chiffon swatches at this time but recommended one color they assured was the correct one.
One store representative assisted me by stating, "I think this is the more coral of any of these swatches, persuading me to choose the Terra Cotta color.
The dresses were ordered shortly after,and we had to pay a rush fee in order to have the dresses delivered in a timely fashion.
During this time, the bride called the store on numerous occasions, asking if the chiffon swatches had come in.
The answer was constantly no.
They advised me to seek other bridal shops for the chiffon swatches by Allure.
Doing so, I could find none.
On January 16, 2013 I called to inquire about the expected delivery date of the dresses.
They were in.
Because I live in another state,the brides mother went to pick up my bridesmaid's dresses so that I may see the color.
Upon receipt of the picture message on my cellular device, I was stunned and speechless.
The dress was NOT coral!
The terra cotta dress is not the right color!
I called the store to inform them it was not the right color and an employee begins replying to me, "It's a beautiful dress.
I think you can make it work.
" I knew the color was all wrong, but the employee convinced my mother to ship me the dress to see the "real" color as the camera phone lens was probably distorting the true color.
The next day, another bridesmaids picks up her dress.
Instantaneously, she called the bride and stated, "The color is so off.
I tried to explain to the girls working that this was not the color coral, so they showed her the chiffon swatches.
" Where did these chiffon swatches come from suddenly?
As the bride had been asking time and time again for them and they were always unavailable.
The bride spoke to Robert, the store owner.
I told him that I knew it was not the right color.
He was insensitive, stating, "Allure won't take the dresses back because they sent the color you ordered.
It's a beautiful dress, make it work or trade them in here in the store for different dresses.
"I kept asking if there were any other options and Robert's reply was consistently "No, Make it work.
" Although there wasn't a way for the dresses to work because they would clash with the groomsmen's ties, the flowers, the centerpieces, etc.
The telephone conversation ended with the bride tearful and upset.
The brides mother and a bridesmaid went into the store to see the coral dresses that were available for exchange.
There were only 3 available, so they asked for other options.
When told the colors of my wedding are grey and coral, Robert replied, "Why would she pick those two colors?
And who makes this mistake?
My daughter doesn't make mistakes.
" They asked if he could call other stores to order the right color.
He says, "These are the dresses that came in, so this is what you get.
" The brides mothers stated, "as the owner you should try to assist us in this matter and you're being rude.
" Walking away, Robert replies, "Get out of my store, I'm done.
No refund.
"  The bride ultimately had to file a complaint with the BBB and FTC and had to purchase 4 additional dresses for the bridesmaids who had already spent there $250 dollars each on the dresses from Celebrations.

I came here recommended by a GF.
She said that her sister cousin had found their wedding dresses here, so I was hoping for the same luck.
Blessed, I did find the dress here and luckily for a GREAT price.
I have only gone to 2 other stores prior to coming here and with the luck I've had, I didn't think I was going to find a dress to my liking anytime soon.
My taste had geared towards Maggie Sotterro dresses, and this store had them.
I didn't research that prior to coming here, I was just concerned to find the dress.
I'm a tshirt/jeans/sneaker girl, and don't often wear dresses or high heels.
So shopping for wedding dresses I have been leaning on my wedding dress consultants to find something for me and or my GFs to help me too.
I was only armed with the style of dress I wanted to suit my petite stature.
If you are looking by brands, the way they display their sample dresses is, they rip the tag out, replace it with Celebrations Bridal and put a vendor tag.
So you won't have style names, brands, or model numbers.
That is information that they have stored in their handy computer.
So, I actually still don't even know what brand my dress is.
BUT luckily it doesn't matter to me what brand it was/is, but just on the fact of how beautiful I felt for my wedding day.
I walked in by myself and this place was busy.
I mean so busy I was not greeted as those that gave higher reviews.
The front desk girls were busy checking in other guests.
For only being to 2 shops, I was expecting that my wedding dress consultant to be ready for me and I was expecting a quite shop.
Total opposite.
When I made my appointment, they asked what dress style I was looking for and the price that I wanted to stay under, so that was why I assumed my consultant would be ready for me.
I asked if I needed to bring anything, like come prepared with a bustier and/or shoes, she said just heels.
I didn't bring either, I came from work so I ended up trying on dresses without lingerie.
Brides, don't worry, most dresses anyhow already have the bustier built in.
They gave me cups to stuff in the dresses I tried on to give me a boost.
So for brides that are shy undressing around strangers, come with a bustier.
I perused through the dresses prior to checking in since they were busy up front.
I didn't know if I was supposed to take the dresses off the racks and have it prepared, or what.
I was concerned I wasn't going to be able to try anything on because there were a few other brides racking up their dresses armed with their mothers and tiny little me only had myself to attempt to carry these huge dresses on my own.
So when that panic creeped up on me I squeezed my way to the front desk to be sure I checked in.
Maybe about 5 minutes later I was finally assisted by someone.
My consultant was Patty, I got her name at the end.
Patty asked if I had anything in particular I was looking for and If I had picked out any dresses.
I just told her the style of dress I was looking for.
I luckily saw a dress I wanted to try on, it was the only one that I was able to find on my own.
White dress shopping gets confusing when you are felt like your under pressure to get one to try on with other brides in the store...Patty did pull about 5-6 dresses for me to try on.
She started to stack them up for me as she maneuvered herself through the busy store.
Its about prom season and the reason why they were so busy in addition to the other brides that were there that late afternoon.
They have a lot of dressing rooms so they must be a busy store to have that many .
I just had myself a sat and waited to actually try on a dress.
I had two girlfriends that were meeting me and luckily at least one showed before I tried on the the first dress .
I think Patty had really only assisted with a few dresses on the trying on part.
My GFs were the ones that had helped me in and out of the dresses, thankful that they were there.
Patty did come around to see how we were doing esp when I was standing in front of the mirror outside.
She was still busy trying to close up her other guests.
I have to tell you that the first dress that Patty had me try on was the dress I ended up ordering.
Kind of made the other dresses to try on difficult because I couldn't get past the first dress.
All of the dresses that were picked out were great.
Best dresses I've tried on in all my wedding dress experiences.
I'm not taking anything away from my consultant because she was the one that recommended the dress I chose.
I recommend that they make the bride appointments separate from each other and keep the prom on one side of the store.
It was too hectic of an environment.
Wedding dress shopping is an experience and should be treated delicately.

I had some bad experiences the day with DAVIDS BRIDAL,  my niece told me to go to the store she bought her prom dress at.
She said they have nice choices and good service.
I had bad service all day had yelled and cried already and the bridzilla theory was becoming all too true.
Until I stepped into Celebrations I was treated like royalty.
I tried on 4 dresses and the 4th one was the most beautiful thing I have ever seen and I purchased it and my search was over.
Trisha was an absolute doll !
I got my vale, shoes, necklace and tierra there too!
I hope everyone goes to this store.
I am on a mission to let everyone know what a great place to go to buy a dress that will be in your memories, closet and pictures forever.

Incompetence.
I ordered my bridesmaids dresses in person and explained to the consultant that everything would need to be shipped.
It was never put in the system and when I called to make my payment the invoice charge was incorrect.
Once the dresses came in they called me to pick them up.
Once again I had to give them the shipping addresses and explained they needed to be shipped.
3 weeks later when one bridemaid did not receive her dress yet I called again.
They never shipped it.
It had just been sitting there.
They did not apologize or feel there was any fault from them.
They have the worst customer service.
I am so glad I did NOT buy my wedding gown from them.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.

I had an amazing experience here with finding and purchasing my wedding dress.
The first place I had gone to was absolutely awful and on my way home I happened to pass by this place and figured I'd give it a try!
The guy at the desk was very helpful and scheduled a time when my mom and I could come in the very next day.
The person I was assigned to was Kyly who introduced herself to me the day I made the appointment, and was very helpful the day I came in with my mother.
She was extremely knowledgeable about their stock and when I showed her pictures of what I was looking for she pulled a bunch of dresses they had of the bunch or, if they didn't have the exact ones, she pulled dresses that were very similar.
I was in love with Maggie Sottero dresses and sure enough, the one I purchased was a Maggie!
They were all so helpful and organized when I came in for my fittings.
I purchased my veil and accessories from here too.
Everything was exactly as I wanted and they made the entire experience flawless!

Loved this Place.
Very friendly staff and great selection of dresses and Price fit my budget !

As I walked in the store NO ONE greeted me in fact no one spoke to me.
Then about 7 mins.
later the guy asked if I needed any help.
And, Tara started to help me then got tied up on phone for about 20 mins.
so I cont.
to look around on my own then finally she help me get a few dress and I started to try them on Tara says, " I'm going to get some clips" and NEVER come back and even to check up on me.
So I just walked out and again NO ONE says anything to me not even " Have a Nice Day".
I WIL NEVER GO BACK.

HORRIBLE customer service.
My sister and I went there after having no success at finding a brides maid dress from David's Bridal.
No one greeted us.
After browsing for 10 minutes I finally had to find someone to help us.
I told her what we were looking for and she just brushed us off.
It was a terrible experience.
That alone caused them to lose our business.
They get 2 stars because the dresses were beautiful and they had a decent amount of accessories to chose from.
I would never suggest this place to anyone.

I want to start by saying that my experience here was absolutely amazing an I credit it all to my consultant Trisha.
She is amazing.
I showed her the dresses I wanted to try as I had already picked them out an she brought them all to me an even ones that she thought I would like.
She was so patient an great with helping me try on all the dresses making sure my experience was perfect.
She was truly amazing.
After trying on all the dresses an getting opinions from my bridesmaids there was a few dresses I liked but none I couldn't live without.
So when I explained to Trisha what I liked best about the dresses an what I was looking for she said give me a sec an I will be right back.
Well let me say that everything happens for a reason.
She brought me back a dress that was absolutely beautiful.
When I put it on I cried an so did my bridesmaids.
It was the one.
It was my dress.
I couldn't believe everything I wanted an dreamed about my wedding dress being was this.
It was perfect.
I couldn't thank her enough for making that day perfect for me.
It was the first place I had been an it was my last.
I absolutely love her.
I recommend her to everyone.
She is the best.
Because of her I am getting all my bridesmaids dresses there an accessories.
I can't wait to go back an work with her more.
She knows her stuff an is very caring, patient, an knowledgeable.
She listens to you what you want an does 100% to make you happy.
Celebrations is lucky to have her.
Thank you again Trisha for everything see you soon with the bridesmaid.

I really liked the selection here, I saw of the other reviews about service and was worried but I didn't get the experience at all.
Every time I've gone in they are busy but my tip is always just check in with someone at the front counter first they will find a girl to help you.
No matter how busy they were when I was there they were always happy to help but u just gotta get someone's attention cause they are running around trying to help all the customers.
I got my dress and my bridesmaid dresses here.
My alterations were great.
I love their selection!
Really good quality dresses and great service.

This bridal boutique has outstanding customer service and it's been such a great experience working with them.
I purchased my dress at another boutique that quickly went out of business and I was so stressed about getting my dress altered because it was a sample gown that needed to be taken in from a size 10 to a size 2.
I didn't think I would find such an amazing alterations team!
The boutique was very accommodating to my schedule and I was able to make an appointment with the seamstress right away.
My dress fits perfectly and I couldn't be happier!
Although I love my dress, I wish I purchased my gown from them because the staff has been wonderful to work with.
I was browsing the racks and they have a great selection of beautiful gowns.
I recommend this place to any bride!

I have to start out by saying how wonderful Tricia and the staff at celebrations are.
Everyone was super friendly starting with my initial visit and ending with my fittings.
No matter what was going on in the store, I always had Tricia's attention.
My wedding is in NY, but I live in Las Vegas and the store was super helpful and shipped my dress and answered all my mom's questions.
I  went to every bridal shop in Las Vegas and my best experience by far was at celebrations and I would recommend it to everyone!!

I had been shopping for a prom dress and decided to check this place out.
I started looking at their beautiful selection of dresses and was repeatedly asked by helpful staff if I needed any help, or if I was ever holding a dress they took it to my dressing room right away.
Roberta was who helped me and she was amazing!
She was always there to help zip up my dress or clip it in the back if it was too big or anything I needed.
I will definitely suggest this place to anyone looking for prom dresses or formal wear or bridal.
It was a great experience!

What a terrible experience.
I booked an appointment here and spent a good 40 minutes on their website browsing through their collection.
I made a list of 11 dresses I wanted to try on.
When I got to the salon, ZERO of those dresses were in stock.
Such a disappointment.
Customer service was awful as well.
Despite my having an appointment, I had no salesperson assigned to me and no one came over to help me look for dresses.
The one salesgirl I spoke with was extremely rude and did not seem to understand why I was upset that none of the dresses I wanted to try on were in the store.
All in all, I was in the store for maybe ten minutes.
Shopping for a wedding dress should be fun, and this was just upsetting.
Afterwards, I stopped at Alfred Angelo.
I had no appointment, but the salespeople were very accommodating and let me try on some dresses.
They had the inventory they advertised.
If you want to save yourself the aggravation, go there instead.
You're better off going anywhere else.

Bad customer service...
I went into this store to look at wedding dresses.
I was NOT greeted when I walked in although there were no other customers there, and four girls were behind the counter.
I had to go up to them and ask if I needed an appointment to try on a wedding dress.
I was told I didn't need an appointment.
Once I found a few dresses I wanted to try, I had to look for a few minutes for a girl to help me as they were all avoiding my look and nobody was coming over to help me.
My fiancé mentioned their bad attitude and how nobody came over to help us.
I was so excited to try on my first gown I didn't even notice!
I finally found a girl to help me and she pulled one dress for me.
I had another dress but she didn't ask!
She wasn't very nice, didn't introduce herself or ask me any questions like the girls on "Say yes to the dress" ask.
I know that is television show, but shouldn't the bridal consultants ask me what style I want and what I'm looking for in my wedding dress?
Maybe ask what my budget is?
Even the cashier at McDonald's asks me if I would like anything else with my order.
After I tried on my first dress I was upset.
I didn't like how it fit.
The girl helping me didn't say anything like "oh I can find you a new one/ what did you not like/ how can I help you find a dress you'll fall in love with?
" She just smiled and walked out of the room.
No help whatsoever!!
My fiancé and I were disappointed at how I was treated.
I'm the bride...
I'm supposed to feel special when I'm dress shopping and she made me feel like I was a nuisance to her.
I walked out of the store and nobody noticed.
I wont be coming back here...
There are more bridal stores in Las Vegas and I deserve to be treated with courtesy.

