If you have a interest in Buddhism and don't know anyone who is Buddhist or just want to experience this first hand.
This is the most welcoming group of people you will ever meet.
They are willing to explain the Buddhist practice to you one on one or within a group.
There are meetings that take place throughout the valley so if this is to far to go to call them they will help you get teamed up with someone in your neighborhood which is nice.
They also have a website that explains the practice as well but I must say you have to experience this first hand.
Hearing the discussion and interacting with someone first hand is the best way to truly understand this practice.

This is the most welcoming and diverse religious group I've found in Las Vegas.
I use the term "religious" loosely because many, including myself would argue that Buddhism is more of a philosophy for life and well being.
Much of Buddhism does not fall under the general "religion" rules.
No prosthelytizing, no supernatural beliefs or dogma and no belief in a "heaven and hell" or all-knowing higher power.
The SGI-USA Buddhist Center focuses on a particular brand of Buddhism known as Soka-Gakkai, which is the most established and followed form of Buddhism in the United States.
I was told that the President of the global organization donated some of his personal money to cover much of the costs of construction because he felt the Las Vegas area was a crucial place to have a presence.
I went to the community center a few months back to check it all out.
Luckily I got to see one of the monthly valley-wide meetings that everyone attends.
You're likely to hear a lot of chanting, perhaps a video from an SGI presidential address in Japan, and lots of people talking about how Buddhism has improved their lives.
What struck me most is the diversity.
You'll find people from all ages, races, and walks of life.
No formal dress code.
Just come as you are.
There are plenty of volunteers who are there to explain SGI Buddhism  to newcomers.
Much of the day-to-day and weekly experiences involve attending smaller meetings with people in your neighborhood, often hosted at a member's home.
I haven't been back much since I'm still exploring other forms of Buddhism.
But those who are interested will find this as an excellent starting point.

Nice place.
Ultimately, probably not for me, but everyone I met was super friendly and helpful.
They all took a lot of time to help me out.
Thanks Marco!

Being out here from Denver for a bit i Decided to check out the Vegas Chapter.
Well first the doors were locked :( I walk around and run into Larry.
Hes in the back pulling weeds.
AWESOME.
We introduce ourselves and he opens the doors for me.
I tell him im from the Denver chapter and he welcomes me with open arms.
Immediately i felt like ive been attending this one forever.
Its been open about a Year and a half.
It was built with the environment in mind and is very green.
The Bookstore was closed but i peered in and although this one is smaller it still has a lot of space.
They used it well.
They have a office for your use, and a Main Room to chant, and a over flow room.
Then 2 other rooms that double as conference rooms and have smaller gohonzon's in them as well.
We talked for a while and gave me some names of the people whos district ill be in.
And he wondered back outside to finish landscaping while i chanted for a bit.
I said my Goodbyes and went about my way until Sunday.
I even found out the history about how this Buddhist center was built and will be the basis for new SGI centers.

Thank you for this post.
I will be moving to Las Vegas and it is nice to know where the temple is.
When i get there i know where to go so i can put my Gohonzon up.
Im am so looking forward to this move.
Again Thank You.

