I have purchased two cars at this dealership and I sometimes get my maintenance done there.
Service is generally fast, and they have a courtesy car for rides home if the wait is too long.
I like my service associate, but I sometimes get irritated by delays at the service area.

They were professional, not pushy, respectful and worked with me.
They made sure they answered any question I might possibly of had.
I did not buy a car due to my financial situation but when it comes time for me to get the one I want, I will go to this location.

Got a truck off them.
Got a car fax.
Paid for title fee.
They fuck that up.
Now I have to pay NV DMV to fix it.
Now the paper work is late to the bank and the bank up the payment for late.
Slow service.
Didn't have paper work ready when they called me to come pick it up.
The lady in the front desk was on the phone the whole time I was there taking personal phone calls.
Mechs where in the waiting room watching TV.
They were okay to talk to before giving them a check after that there died to you and service just goes to shit.
I thought I would get better service coming back after a deployment from Afgan.
Nope.

Regarding the Service Dept.
- The courtesy vehicle and the gentleman that operates it was great, but my problem was with the overcharge.
I had some work done recently maintenance, and I was over billed significantly.
Be careful these guys are not exempt from overcharging.

we were in need of a bigger car and having trouble with financing....we don't have great credit.
we got connected with William and he worked with us and the bank to get us financed with payments we could afford and a decent interest rate.
we are so happy with our purchase.
They really make sure you are  getting everything you need as a family we loved this.
I hate going to car lots in fact the one before Desert when we left I told my husband I would never go to another car lot again because how they made you feel.
This was a 100% different experience I will visit them again.

I have been to this dealership about four times.
The quality of service was great the first time.
I received an inspection sheet so I knew my fluid levels, brake and tire percentages, etc.
After that it went down hill fast.
The service adviser was great on my first trip.
Now, I'm thinking he is not too happy with his job there but he is not as personable as he was on my first visit.
Though he is always polite, he always seems to be very busy and does not take any time to explain service details.
Every time I drive up to the service area, there is no one outside and it confusing as to whether I am suppose to wait outside or go inside and track someone down.
The new service area layout is horrible.
If you make an appointment online, you have to remind the adviser to give you the internet pricing.
As much as I don't want to go further out for service, I might do so after having several "not so great experiences" for service.

We purchased a 2010 Yukon SLT from Desert Buick a year ago.
We have brought it to the service department for all oil changes and services.
Alan in the service department is AMAZING!!!!
He remembers my name and treats me with the up most respect.
As most women know they usually do not get much respect when dealing with auto mechanics.
Alan always returns my calls immediately and gives various options in best way to deal with situation.
He makes you feel like family!!
I love going to him knowing my truck is in good HONEST hands.
I highly recommend any service needs you may have, this is the man to be beyond trusted.

Service Consultant Allen Wright provides professional and prompt advice.
He expedites all service needs for my vehicle and keeps me informed on status.
The entire service department is friendly and courtious in all my interactions.
I really appreciate the renovated customer lounge with Internet access and desks with power ports allowing me to work while waiting.
It is because of consistent quality customer service that I have purchased all of my own personal vehicles from this dealership and have referred my closest friends who have also purchased vehicles from this dealership.

If you don't have male human genitalia, you're more than likely to be treated as though you don't know anything about-- anything.
Yep, that just happened!!!
Jim showered us w/ his less than mediocre customer service.
I had a conversation w/ him that went a little something like this: Me: "Will you let us know what the problem is before you work on it to let is know of it's covered or not?
" Jim: Looks at me in irritation and speaks to my husband "Well, no.
" Me: "So you're going to fix the problem without letting us know how much we're going to be spending??
"  Long story short, he did not feel the need to address the person asking the question, the person w/o male genitalia.
I got so sick of his game of favoritism that when he finally answered the question correctly (which btw after your deductible or initial fee, they do contact you before they do anything further)  I looked at him in irritation and said "Well that's what I asked in the first place".
I don't know everything about cars, especially "modern" day cars, I'm more of a classic car lover-- but dammit I grew up with a Dad who all our friends and family would go to rather than going to a mechanic so I know a LITTLE something.
You'd think I'd be used to the male species in this line of work but all he really is, is a receptionist from what I can tell so his Customer Service skills should be stronger than what they are.
Luckily our car is under warranty so no out of pocket expenses-- which is different from what we were told by Jim.
He told us that we had to pay a deductible but we didn't...
He really didn't know what he was doing or saying.
Rather than feeding us BS, just tell us you don't know, it's better than misinforming us!!!
Also, there was a small plastic part missing from the arm rest and he said that they had to order an entire new arm rest and he wasn't going to charge us...
It was the same arm rest with a new plastic part.
If I could justify the 1- star existing in this review, it would be for the service guys, the guys who actually work on the cars, they did a superb job and better them in the back than Jim-- bc he doesn't seem to know what he's doing.

Terrible customer service with shady dealers.
I emailed these guys about a car I was interested in buying to see if they still had it, but put in my email to please not call me during the day due to me being at work( I could only receive texts or emails).
So what do they do?
They call me 3 times that day while I was working.
Then when I return their call (when I got off) they transfer me to 3 different people before someone could answer my question if they still had the vehicle or not!
I let it go and head over to check out the car and test drive where they had me off to yet another person.
I determine I like the vehicle and start doing paperwork then these idiots proceed to insult me with a insultingly low trade in value for my car!
I mean I know dealers will try to lowball you and I was expecting that but offering me only a quarter of what other big dealerships were offering me for my car was extremely insulting and they wouldn't even negotiate to make a deal work.
Place sucks I recommend you look elsewhere for a pleasant vehicle buying experience.

Service has improved significantly since my last few visits.
Wait time is shorter, service effort has improved dramatically, and communication has also increased about the status and health of my vehicle.
Great job!
Feedback does work!

The sales guys, Wayne and Rob, were both really friendly, very easy to talk to.
I was a little disappointed with the over all experience though as there were two vehicles, exactly the same 2011 GMC Terrains, same equipment, both within $500 of each other.
When I came in to finish the paperwork, one had been dropped to $17,998, from $22,500.
So I chose that one instead, as they remained firm on the price of my original choice $22,998.
I was told that the mark down was a mistake, but they would honor it.
The very next day the price of my original choice went down to $17,998 as well.
Which I found out when I had to drive back down to sign additional paperwork, Certified certificate (?
) the very next day.
Frustrating, but I get it, but if they would have been more flexible on the price of my original choice, I would have paid more than $17,998 and taken it, since it had less miles.
By the way, my original choice is still sitting on the lot, even at $17,998.
When I went to take it on my very first trip, my dad checked the oil for me, and we were both puzzled over the fact that there didn't seem to be any oil in the car.
So I took it to a shop that was close to where I was purchasing gas, because although I am NOT a mechanic I do know that engines are supposed to have oil, the mechanic at that shop was super friendly and confirmed that the engine was about a quart low.
I watched him pout another quart of oil into the CERTIFIED VEHICLE that I had had for just over ONE WEEK!
Then the coup de grace, I went to the DMV on Monday, 2/10/14, (my only day off this week), and spent 4.5 hours waiting (I get it, that's NOT AutoNations fault :-), when my number was up I sat down at the window, started to go over the paperwork, and was informed that the smog had expired the WEEK BEFORE!
She told me there was nothing that she could do, and told me that I would have to come back the next day.
On the way home I called Wayne and told him what had happened, explaining the situation in full as my temp registration was expiring on the 11th, he was great, told me to bring the car back down anytime and they would smog it for me and go to the DMV for me.
GREAT!!
Great customer service and service recovery.
I took the car to my parents, as I can't just take time off to spend at the dealer or DMV.
I called the next morning, yesterday as it happens, and spoke to Steven, who said that I would have to wait for Rob to get in at Noon because he wasn't aware of what they had worked out (good thing I didn't take the day off).
So my parents took the car in after noon and they smogged it, but then said that they would not be able to go to the DMV in time and that we would have to go BACK TO THE DMV.
My dad didn't want to let the temp expire so he spent the rest of his day at the DMV.
It's bad enough that I had to ask them to go down and get it smogged, but then for him to have to spend his day at the DMV was ridiculous!
He's retired but his time, anyones time, is more valuable than that, in light that it was a simple mistake that could have been caught and rectified prior to me driving off any one of the times that I was down there.
So, while I have recommended the Terrain, it's great (now that it has oil), I would hesitate to recommend AutoNation.
You're people are great, but you're processes, quite frankly, suck.
Thank you for your time!
Gabi

I went to autonation to purchase a used car I saw on a website.
Wayne K. was my sales man and he was amazing.
He was friendly, helpful and I couldn't imagine buying from anyone else.
I ended up with a brand new GMC and I absolutely love it!
Wayne did everything to get me the best deal, it took a few days but we got it.
Thank you Wayne and autonation.
I will be back!

2 HOURS FOR AN OIL CHANGE???!!!
I bought my Yukon Denali from this dealer a year ago and absolutely love it.
Made an appointment for an oil change, assuming I would be able to get in and out fairly quickly rather than just dropping in.
Boy was I ever surprised.
2 HOURS LATER THEY WERE FINALLY DONE.
I DOUBT I'LL RETURN HERE FOR SERVICE OR FOR MY 2015 YUKON DENALI

I have taken my vehicles to Desrt buick GMC, now known as Autonation for many years, to get serviced.
When I go, I only deal with Mike Zibell.
He is the best!
Knows my cars, knows my wants and needs and always does the job to keep me, and my family not only satisfied, but safe.
I wouldn't trust anyone else, nor would I trust any other shop.

This review is not for the dealership per se, it is much more for Jon Rohloff who was exceptionally patient and honest throughout the sale process and spent many hours evaluating options, test driving and closing the deal.
His honesty is commendable and he and Carlos were both a pleasure to work with.

Disappointed is the key word.
I was out looking for a new car, really unsure of exactly what I wanted.
I know I was looking for a sedan that would be good on cross country trips something comfortable.
The young sales person that I was speaking it with suggested maybe a lacrosse or a regal could meet my needs.
I told him I would like to test drive one that is regular gas trippin and one that is a crossover since I've never driven a crossover vehicle.
It was 105 degrees outside and he took me over to look at SUvs after we had already decided on a sedan.
Once we got to the sedan I had to stand outside while he tried to find keys.
I walked into the showroom and he was still looking for someone to give him keys to a couple of different vehicles we had picked out.
After a few minutes I gave up and walked out, told the young man I would try another day when it was cooler.
I believe some of the young newer sales person should be teamed with a more experienced person looking better answer questions.
I don't know anything about the product because I never drove one.

They told me they could fix my car, but when they were done, they found more wrong with it.
A fifth grader could have done better.

Their service department needs a lot of retraining.
To make a long story short, I don't think they know the difference between a pair of pliers and a screwdriver.
Gave them three chances to fix a minor problem which turned into a break down and a tow in 100 degree heat.
Didn't even call them back to fix it a 4th time...going elsewhere.

