NO STARS!!
We went in for a simple oil change, they told us that our belts were cracking and so we gave them the authorization to replace them, after all we live in the desert.
Then they told us that we had an oil leak, and that they would charge us $85 to steam clean the engine to find out where the leak is coming from.
We did not have a leak prior to going there for the oil change.
We park in a concrete driveway and would know if we had a leak.
So my husband looks underneath the car today to see where the leak is coming from, and finds that 3 of our oil pan bolts are VERY loose, and 1 of them had been loosened a little.
They loosened our oil pan bolts so that we would have to pay them to clean the engine and tighten the bolts, imagine what they will do to your brake system to get you to pay more????
This place is a rip off!!!
CONSUMER BEWARE!!!!!

I have a 1997 Toyota 4Runner with only 70000 miles on it , so needless to say it doesn't have much use on it.
Usually it sits in a garage.
Anything including regular mantainence is always done on the spot.
So I was surprized when my truck was dead in the garage.
I hooked it up to a charger, and in 10 minutes I was on my way.
A week later, the same thing.
Dead in the garage.
OK, I buy a new battery and install it.
Still dead.
So I had it towed to Ted Wiens on Rainbow.
They have treated me well in the past, so instead of going to the dealer and paying thru the nose I took it to Ted Wiens.
Although I can do minor servicing , I am by no means a auto mechanic.
Well, I left the plastic cap on the new battery (OK everybody have a good laugh).
Paula called us and told me there was nothing wrong with the charging system.
This is important because they really could have reemed me with a big bill for a new alternator or electrical work.
HEY LAS VEGAS..AN HONEST MECHANIC!
So I had them change my oil and look at my brakes.
Here again , they could have reemed me but told me my brakes were good and only needed the rear brakes adjusted.
So Las Vegas, we've found a company that values the customer and does a good job.
After being screwed around by the Goodyear shops here (don't waste your money) Ted Wiens was a breath of fresh air!

One day I intended to get a transmission fluid change.
There was some miscommunication with the staff and me and it took longer than it should.
A simple 2 hour or less job turned into at 5 hour job.
The management listened to me and compensated with a free service.
Never in my entire life have i seen ANY bussiness try to please their customers like this.
I will definetly be going back.

Need an alignment after careless parking.
Oops.
Call Ted Wiens, they say they can accommodate , I've got big tires and it's going to be $99.
I will park a little, actually a LOT more carefully!
Waiting area is clean but a little dated with hard plastic armless chairs.
There are a couple of vending machines and a kids table.
The alignment CANNOT be done, it needs to go to a 4WD specialist but I'm happy they told me and didn't try to 'botch' it.
I'll give them another try however with a more routine fix.

Went in for a flat repair.
Paul Carney handled the issue in a professional manner to make sure that it was handled as quickly as possible to get me on my way.
Great customer service.

Total RIP OFF!
Don't go here if you don't want to leave this place with a hole in your bank account and with more repairs necessary after pick up than before.
I am a female and made clear to Paula, the receptionist and her mechanic Jessie, that I do know a little about cars and that I have an idea what my issue was.
2 days later, after they said they needed the take out the engine and many expensive work hours later, I got my car back.
It worked for about an hour, then the check engine light came on.
That day  I received a phone call from Paula saying that they forgot to install a part....the missing tube was sent to the shop late, yet they released my car.
How does that happen.
They really need to communicate with each other!!!
No apologies or anything, instead Paula told me she could ship it on my cost and charge my credit card.
Since I am from out of town, I had my "professional" Audi mechanic check out the bill and the work they performed on my A4 after my trip....and he was just shaking his head with a deep exhale.
First off did they not only break part of a plastic tube, they also charged me double ($30) for coolant.
When I picked up the car, I signed the 3 page bill without checking...and I do take full responsibility for that, however non of the mechanics actually came out to explain the work they did.
These guys might just be good enough for an oil change.
With that said....I recommend to everyone to rather get a tow truck than to pull into Ted Wiens!!

These Guys did a great job!
This is a lady friendly car place, they know about tires and could order my special size tires and get them in the next day.
They were the only tire place in town that could do it and saved me over $100 per tire.
I would recomend this place to everyone looking for tires.

I have an Audi and our batteries are not cheap ...
I saved abt $125 compared to the Audi dealership !!
I will say they charges me a ridiculous amount of money to put my battery in .. $60, kinda nuts !!
However, I was in a pinch and needed it..
So what r u gng to do ?
The lady at the desk was extremely nice and efficient !

Don't pay the extra for lifetime allingment.
They don't even honor the extra check up for the single allingment.
Even though they didnt even allingn it correctly the first time.
Don't waste money or your time.

This place is the BEST in town!
The guys here are honest and take the time to show and explain every detail.
They noticed my cracked radiator while checking my brakes and gave me a great deal!
The manager, Roger I believe, is a very wonderful man with a high standard of professionalism.
The team is humorous and keep things lite.
If you're looking for a spot to help with your car this is my #1 recommendation!

Thought I had a nail in my tire the other day.
Went over to Ted Weins and the gentleman ( can't remember his name) pulled out a short little bugger.
He tested the tire and said that it was so short it didn't damage the tire at all.
I asked him what the charge was, and he said nothing.
I was shocked.
He told me that if it was a true puncture he would seal it, but nothing needed to be done here.
I like this sort of honesty.
I will definitely use them again for my auto problems.

I purchased a little "Peeler" card from a fella working with Ted Wiens Firestone offering special discounts and free promotional services, the card cost me 20 dollars, which is a great deal considering the savings on it.
However, I bring my car down to get an "alignment" and "Oil change" so first, let me say by no means am I a mechanic, I am pretty knowledgeable with cars, especially my make and model.
I recently replaced the fluids in my radiator, they had been in there for some time.
The coolant reservoir was clean, had clear liquid (coolant) in it, my radiator couldn't be in better shape.
After I brought my car to them for the Oil change it took them an hour to call me back just to tell me I have a problem, very vague over the phone basically telling me to "Come on back" to the shop.
I wen't back, there was oil every where, drippings all over my radiator as well as a considerable amount of sludged oil in my coolant reservoir.
Finger scooped sludge onto and into my radiator, acting as if it had been this way.
They then told me they wouldn't do the service (Refusal of service more specific) because of this "issue" they don't want to be held "Liable" for the damages that may occur, however, he would do honor the peeler coupon if I purchased a headgasket through them.
Honestly, fuck this place.
Just another dishonest, money hungry, ass hat preforming mechanic service.
This town is notorious for these kinda shops.
I'll never bring my car here again and I hope you don't either.

