This Midas is a major rip-off.
They should have the Midas pull.
I tow my car in for repair because it won't start.
I was told all kinds of problem and will cost $1600.
But after I took the car to another shop I was told that was simple fix and can be done for $850.
Readers, you do the math.
Stay away from this shop if you value your hard earned money.

Thought the repairs would be $160-170 for a belt and motor bolts.
Turned out to be $1600-1700.
Apparently this is a normal price, but they could have at least been clear and concise when telling me the price.
Avoiding Midas from now on.

back when i had my suzuki samurai i needed a lead gasket that went from my header to the tube that lead to the cat.
i stopped by so many places and most of them didnt even look for the part.
when i stopped by here the manager asked me to hold on and came back in about 5 minutes.
he brought a few out so we could check the size.
one looked about right and asked how much it was.
he said dont worry about it and just gave it to me.
i think his name was larry?
or lawrence?
i was really grateful and bought him lunch.
the part fit!

This place is the pits.
Over an hour to get an oil change.
What's worse there was one guy in the shop and he hurt his leg while doing a brake job.
The only response from the manager was, "Do I have to tell you to clean up your mess again?
" I'm not coming here again.

Be on the look out.
Come in with a group coupon for a oil change and ending up having to replace a serpentine belt that looked like someone cut it .
Repair cost $112.00.
Not saying they cut.
Just making a comment .
Be sure to review all repairs with them before leaving your car there.

Went to get an oil change, left and noticed a real strong odor from the engine (never had that before), went back the guy checked it out said every thing was ok, but then when I was going to my car I noticed my hood wasn't flush with the fender and I said that's never been there, so he opens the hood and the cap to the oil chassis(if that's what it's called) wasn't put back on!!!
Really!
Since then I've been noticing  major leaking and I have hardly any oil left just after under two month's, I go back and he tells me "leaks only get worst" and I say yeah only after I brought it HERE, it never leaked like that before, just little spots of oil!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Terrible service!
And what if I was driving around without the cap on, my goodness

