I don't know what is "discount" about it, it seems that the prices are comparable to anywhere else, but it is complete, I'll give 'em that...the place is huge.
For example, I'm partial to Irish whiskey, Jameson in particular, and they have 3 or 4 different varieties of Jameson, which I didn't know existed... special reserves and batch labels, as well as Tullamore Dew (my second choice) and several varieties of Bushmill's, too, which I won't touch, being Protestant Unionist liquor and all.
Joking!
The point is, if you have a favorite brand of Tequila, they have it....the really special stuff, too, in locked cases, like $350 single malts and the like.
It's not the best place to buy wine in my opinion, but the beer cooler is extensive, and cold.
They have gift sets for the that special boozehound in your life, and smokes and chips and all that good stuff.
It's where I go...now if they would just emphasize the "discount" that would be cool.

Ok find me a place in Vegas comperable to Mr Lee's selection.....waiting....waiting....yea...So the prices are pretty cheap.
Lee's has discounted liquors throughout the store if you're paying by ATM or cash.
A lot of the prices are reasonable.
They have a selection from 10-15 Bacardi products, Gins, Rums, Tequilas, Vodkas, scotches, single malts, canadians, bourbons, wines, beers, cordials, liqueuers, etc....so yes.
It's a bartender's Mecca.
They do have Remy Marten's Louis XIII or even Hine or Camus, to Tequila Rose, Godiva chocolate liqueuer, keke, voyant......I wonder if they're hiring...

NEWSFLASH!!!!
Lee's doesn't always honor their price tags or the promise to match prices.
But I'm sure this is no surprise to regular customers.
I was asking about a Zinfandel from Outpost wines.
The clerk takes me to the bottles.
The price says $12.99.
I ask if they have any other Outpost wines.
He looks it up and says no.
Then he realizes the computer says $29.99, so he rushes over after we walk back to pick one up, and snatches the sign and goes and hides in the office.
So when we get to the counter it rings up as $29.99.
I ask if I can get it for the price on the tag, which had no expiration date, and they say the sale ended last month.
I said is it there practice to not honor tags, and the response was that the sale was over even if the tags are up.
Now how am I to realize that it is their error and that they can leave up misleading prices and not honor them.
Especially with no notice of sale dates.
Smacks of price switching to me.
It also happened that I bought some Pappy Van Winkle bourbon at total wine.
In fact, I bought them out of the few bottles they had.
So I go to Lee's and realize they have a few bottles as well.
great, my favorite dram.
But when I ask if the honor the Total wine prices, they called and found out they had none in stock.
Of Course Not, I bought them out.
So they say because they don't have any in stock, they aren't obligated to give me the lower price, NOT a sales price, but the everyday, ordinary Total wine price.
And the manager said he called and talked to Mr. Lee about it as well.
What a F@#$%ing joke.
Lee's has never had any real competition, and when they get some, they lie about what they are going to do about it.
Just to find out the store policy, I went to another Lee's and asked.
They said if the tag matches the merchandise, they give the price as listed.
So the clerk at the store with the Outpost was trying to juke me because they have so many employees scratching their butts they forget to do their job properly.
I'd give them a zero.
And the jokes on them.
I'll never shop here again.
I I guess they just have to be happy and make money selling their plonk and Tyku by volume.

i LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
We were hittin' the location on Flamingo and this place is TOO MUCH BETTER!
( so close and it is an "outlet"!!!
) HELLO!!!
They have PERONI BEER for Gods' Sake!
No one has Peroni in Nevada!
They have Red Hook and just SPLENDID stuff that is NOT MAINSTREAM!
Beer that is ACTUALLY good to DRINK!
And we do BUY alcohol!
We loaded up fer our "pals"-lots of sweet Mexican beer-BUT PERONI-that we could AFFORD!!!
HELLO!
i LOVE LEES'S!
They ROCK!
Ok, yer in "retail" ya ge attitude, but we always get splendid SERVICE!
i am SO PLEASED they moved in here by my HOUSE!
It is such a PLEASURE!
i have such a FUN time in the wines/vodka/beer-and who needs "someone to help ya"_geez, ya get what ya want and go-YOU"RE DRINKIN" NOT THE SELLER!
The "Lee Family" have filled a need for Vegas-we need Alcohol at a respectable price-selection and "savings" are a must for me-i don't need to travel for good beer NOW!

This location is fairly small.
However, it still has a pretty decent variety of beers.

This is a small location, but we look at all the locations we pass to see if there's any random some distillers/breweries they might have here and not at the others.
The beer area is small compared to the others.
I did find Knee Deep Tanilla here which I did hope to get distributed down here.
Spirits we were looking at were good selection, but did not find anything rare we wanted to buy.
We did go home with a nice surprise of Bushmills etched glasses for 99cents each.
Score!
We collect glasses and need a few good ones for Whiskeys.
Just a FYI for out of towners, this will be one of the closer Lee's to tourist area.

Anytime you are in Vegas and have a car, you need to make a pit stop at Lee's liquor store to stock up.. Great prices for large bottles and mixers..
This one was a smaller location so I was disappointed they didn't have our normal 1 liter of Hennessy..There are many other Lee's liquor stores located nearby the strip.

This particular Lee's is small - you definitely don't have the selection that you get at most other Lee's.
You do have a nice selection of the most popular wines and hard liquors at very competitive prices.
I prefer the larger locations, especially during the holidays when they have all the gift boxes out -- you won't find that at this location as they simply don't have the space.

Was good, but ultimately disappointing.
Came here to get a case of champagne plus some mixers and a couple bottles of liquor.
They don't sell mixers?
Seriously?
I have to go down the street to a late night grocery store to buy some Coke?
Price on the champagne was fine.
Clerks were pretty unhelpful in responding to any questions.
Had they answered even one or two questions, I could have easily been upsold into spending another $100 on liquor.
But no.

I dared go back after my last bad experience and was ultimately disappointed this time.
Looking for a particular few wines.
Clerk said he had some in back but wanted to make sure I really wanted them.
Eh?
"They are expensive," he offered then looked at me and waited... for me to what... go screaming out the door over a $40 bottle of wine?
After making doubly sure I wanted to spend that much (maybe I didn't look high class enough) he lazily wandered off to find them.
After a nice wait he informed me he didn't have any of  the 4 I needed in stock.
Not a one =\ He then walked away without even suggesting something else.
He did offer as I was leaving that I should try another store.
Uh thanks?
Back to total wine for good now.

Not sure if it was this one or the other one but last year when my girls and I came for our annual Vegas trip we stopped here!
First time coming here and we loved it!
We got everything we needed and were satisfied with the selection and prices.

As an educated buyer, I really enjoy the occasional finds at Lees.
The staff is generally pretty ignorant of wine so an uneducated buyer will have a problem and likely be lead to whatever huge allotment needs to move.
I think the stores are just a bit too big for good quality control.
Tons of white wines and rosés on the shelves well beyond their expiration and brown, but they'll sell them to you and returns aren't always easy.
So if you know what you're after/buying, again some great deals and nice finds.
Otherwise, it's dangerous.
That said, Lees is a great place to get wines with some nice bottle age, whereas Total Wine is ONLY newly released vintages.

I only stopped here for a case of beer since I drove by it... usually I prefer Total Wine.
I will give Lee's that they have more locations, but it's not as good of a selection or price as Total Wine.

Not the friendliest folk, but a very good assortment, with entry of variety.
It's usually clean, I do gave to say I hate the sample girls accosting me every time I walk in.
Prices are good, cheaper than a lot if liquor stores, more than Walmart.
I like that they card everyone that could possibly be under 21.
I wish they had more conversational skills than grunting.

I was able to order a liquor gift basket to be delivered to the strip hotel area.
Everything was so easy and professional.
Thanks for making it easy   from: Seattle

Just bought a bottle of Jamesons 12 year old and it cost me 39.99 found out online that I could have got it at Total Wines:for 33.99.
I guess I will stop going to Lees even if it is a little closer.

