Well,I'm Turkish.
I shop in this store much more often than other European/Mediterannean grocery stores in Vegas.
If you know which days to shop, you'll get the best veggies and fruits here.And for the right days,just ask any of the girls...

I love me some Jones market.
As there is a dearth of Russian/Eastern/Central European restaurants in Las Vegas, Jones is a life saver.
I miss my Polish food and Jones gets me through by stocking such favorites as Profi pasztet (Polish country style pate), Delicje (chocolate covered biscuit cookies filled with fruit), and Prince Polo (chocolate wafer bars).
The selection for Polish food is better at the Polish market (duh) but Jones is closer to my house and is gigantic.
I think Jones is targeted more toward Russian/Balkan products but, that's fine by me, I love to buy it all.
Also, my boyfriend regularly cleans Jones out of their Serbian pickles, stuff he buys by the carload (they are the best ever).
If you're scared to try the typical groceries, you cannot go wrong with Milka and Kinder chocolate and their tons, TONS of delicious European beer.
Nuff said.

I am from Southeastern Europe and Jones Market is a life saver when it comes to stocking up on my childhood favorites and home cuisine staples.
It offers great variety of product and the store is always well stocked.
I always get myself in trouble here and never walk away with less than $150 worth of food.
I mainly go for Cevapi, Pasteta, Kefir, Bosanska Sudzuka, and many delicious desserts and treats.
Like I said, the variety offered there never disappoints and as I am typing this I am reminded it may be time for a quick Jones Market trip!
The store is clean and the staff is relatively nice...

Jones Market is an excellent store.
Jones caters towards eastern Europeans, Russians, Armenians, and etc.
Jones has a good selection of European sausages, caviar, wide selection of delicious Russian cakes, good produce selection, small frozen selection which contains very good store made Russian dumplings(pienmini), fresh store baked bread daily, good selection of store made Russian salads,  imported beer, a little side note, Jones restocks on Tuesdays and Fridays.
Jones is a hidden gem in Las Vegas.

I'm not Russian and I've never been to Eastern Europe.
But that has been no hindrance to my love and affection for this market!
According to my Ukrainian co-worker, all the vegetables and fruits here are supposedly organic.
They aren't labeled as such but I can vouch for the quality.
On every visit, I've found fresh and delicious herbs and veggies.
Variety wavers from time to time and everything is incredibly cheap.
5 for $1 lemons the size of baseballs and no shortage of beets.
I suggest getting the smallest beets available.
They usually taste better and they're 1000x easier to cook evenly.
They also have an impressive dry goods section.
Spices, grains, etc.
Spices are packaged in small plastic containers and are sold at bargain prices.
This is also the only place I'll buy buckwheat.
Its a staple in Eastern European homes and very good for you and your heart!
The quality at Smith's and even our beloved Whole Foods is pretty awful.
The buckwheat, or kasha, at this market is of the highest quality.
When cooked it has the perfect taste and texture.
The deli here has so many varietals of salamis, hams, and other unidentifiable meats and cheeses.
I'll probably never get through trying them all but  I've sampled 4-5 at random and they've all been quite delicious.
Next pick-up, headcheese!
Developing your palate also has to do with experimenting with foods you're not used to.
Every time I come here, I make it a point to pick out at least 1 item I've never cooked or eaten before.
So far my palate has been particularly happy!
...and so has my waistline.

Quaint little shop packed full of goods.
It may seem a little unorganized, but employees are friendly as well as the people who shop there.
I saw lots of honey, jarred and canned items and loads of persimmons!
I think this is a perfect place for picnic items.
I came away with some tinned herring, pate, and cheese to go along with some gluten-free crackers I had bought earlier in the day.

I have to give this place 5* !
I've been going there for almost 7 years now and I must say they always try to improve themselves!
Growing up in Romania, buying cooked food wasn't something very common, it was always considered unsanitary...so I kinda come to Vegas with the same mentality... And God, was I wrong!!!!
It took me few years to try their foods, their in house made, I mean, and now I'm addicted!!!
Why bother to prepare breakfast, especially when you're in a hurry, when you can just stop by and have what I call 'cheese puff' or banitza as others my know it buy.
Why work for hours making a Russian Salad when it's right there...and so many other dishes...
The only upside down is that you need to go there early in the day, otherwise you might not find any goodies... As well, a big selection of meets,cheeses and not the least, organic fruits and vegetables that won't damage your wallet !
Great products, fantastic employees!

THE place to stop for ready-made Russian food to take home and enjoy!
BF is from St. Petersburg and did not learn to cook traditional food before moving out here and most of the family recipes unfortunately seem to have died with older family members.
Our hometown doesn't have much in the way of Russian groceries or restaurants, so it's always a treat when we find a place on vacation.
BF lived here at one point and this was his go-to place.
Naturally we stop by every time we're in town.
The grocery shelves have all varieties of pickled vegetable, fruit spreads, and buckwheat blends to purchase and enjoy at home.
The deli case in the back has everything from fresh-cut creamy Havarti cheeses with dill to thick Moscow ham, both bought in bulk and enjoyed until they're gone.
But the best part is their ready-made stuff: fresh pierogies and stuffed pastries, oliveye (Russian potato salad with peas and chicken), and beet salad.
These go great with some herring, too.
If you want to explore some Russian culture by way of your mouth, this is as good a place as any to start.
The employees are helpful and friendly, and the store itself is not limited to Russian but is just primarily what we go for.

This is a great little market.
They have a diverse selection, and the produce is farmer's market quality.
They have a good selection of feta cheese, and it just turns out that the cheapest one they have is the best.
Their farmer's cheese (twarog) is also very good and traditional.

It's my favorite place to buy Russian food.
I'm happy we have this store in Las Vegas!

Excellent place.
Best in Vegas for European products.
Prices are fair.
Staff is friendly.
They use to make better apple strudel, but still have a good selection of sweets.

PROS: Lots of food items & options.
Reasonable prices.
Great service.
CONS: Can get a bit crowded at times though.
Only accepts credit cards with $10 minimum purchase.

