My coworkers and I order pizza here often.
We had delivery a few times and they're pretty quick.
Today we decided to carryout.
We ordered 2 classic pzone pizzas and 2 garlic butter dipping sauce for only $11.87.
It was ready within 20 minutes.
Upon arrival, I got confused as to which door to enter so I opened the delivery only door and immediately shut it and went to the door to the left.
That was the right door!
There were no signs telling me where the entrance was, so beware and read the signs.
Overall, pzone was delicious!

well lats nght I did not fell like cooking so I ordered pizza.
the comercials on TV had been haunting me for moths with thoese" Pa- Zones things" They looked good on TV but when they arived at mt house the sise was something a bit larger than A hot pocket.
I had the italian meat and the buffalo they were good dont get me wrong, but i guess I got what I payed for when they are only two for five dollars.
The new item pizza rollers witch you recived four per order for five dollars had pepperonni in side witch was nice.
the cheese sticks how ever my dog if I had one would not even eat  not good card board yo do not get this joke of a cheese stick no real cheese just crust and powdered cheese.
the food did come it a speedy 20 min or so, when the gut pulled out the two small boxes i thought it was a joke.
next time I will just get a good extra large pizza nto from these guys.
fell sucker to the smell o vision again.

I order here a lot.
They always get my order right, AND find my house.
Not an easy task.
The pizza is good, never burnt or gooey, and I order online, they are nice if I need to call, but usually I don't.
They don't offer red peppers or Parmesan Cheese anymore, which makes me a sad panda.
All in all, glad they are nearby, and fast.

Terrible management and who ever answers the phone is rude there.
I ordered one pizza online with extra sauce received a pizza with no sauce?
Called & the guy on the phone took all my info and somehow couldn't find my order.
The manager finally says she will resend it I agreed to giving the pizza they delivered back because she said she wouldn't redeliver without receiving it and made it seem like I was lying.
Waited for the second pizza yes it had extra sauce but barely any toppings and cheese.
Terrible customer service here.
The driver was nice and understanding though and did say when my pizza originally went through that there was an order for a pizza with no sauce they probably miss them up this isn't the first time they've done this and the fact they sent me another pizza barely worth eating I'm writing this review.

Always on time and the food is warm and delicious.
Drivers are always nice and professional.

