Dr. Singel and his staff did a wonderful job!
I went to see him about a bone cyst and pathalogical fracture and he was in the room with me within 10 minutes of my appt time and he had already reviewed my info and checked out the MRI films I brought.
He knew exactly what I needed and referred me to an excellent orthopedic surgeon to get my foot taken care of.
His office was super quick in putting in the referral to my insurance company.
They were polite, knowledgeable, and professional and didn't keep me sitting around.
Thanks, Dr. Singel!

I recently went to see Dr. Singel to get two ingrown toe nails fixed.
This is what happened after going to a horrible spa do a pedicure for me.
Ugh!
Anyways, Dr. Singel was very nice and made me feel at ease.
I was able to get the nails fixed with no pain killer (my choice) and little down time.
Thanks!

I have never met such a talented and pleasant dr.
I wish he practiced general medicine.
He is a wonderful surgeon and doctor and pleasant to talk to.
I am always scared of procedures he is painless and competent.
His staff is incredible.
I went to 4 doctors in New York (where I spend half my time)  about my ingrown toenail.
4 count them 4.
They were terrible, hurt me and did not solve the problem.
Dr. Singel after very conservative treatments finally gave me the minor surgery and it was practically painless.
He is one of the best doctors I have ever seen both in New York and Las Vegas.
Plus his staff is so friendly and helpful.

Just not a very good foot doctor.
I have written about two others that I have visited and this one " just takes the cake" rude, expensive didn't listen and just wanted to cut!
Don't Go!

I have seen Dr Singel twice now.
He's been great both times.
There are a lot of surgery happy podiatrists, and thankfully he isn't one of them.
I have a neuroma and plantar fasciitis and we are working on it in a conservative manner.
He explains things well, and is always nice and personable.
It's a small office, with friendly staff and usually runs on time.
I would absolutely recommend him.

Disappointed said he was in service and was not got a 400.00 bill.
Took a co pay and then got an additional bill saying not in network even though specifically asked if they were in network :(.

