I give Heddy's only a 4-star review because I haven't been in a few years.
They used to be in teeny-tiny shop on Charleston, but they did have GREAT fabrics!
I was needing super-stretch power Spandex, and they totally came thru like a champ for me.
Better price than Williams Costume, but the fact the are closed on Sundays is a letdown.
Thry have some very very nice, expensive fabrics and notions, but i've yet to see it anywhere else in Vegas like it.
If you are really into sewing, Heddy's is worth a visit!

I worked with Heidi and she was very helpful in getting me everything I needed to complete a project!
I would recommend them any time

I need some Giraffe print gold foiled dual stretch spandex STAT!!
I can't tell you how many times I have found myself saying just that, or another slight variation.
Heddy's is the only place for anyone who needs to make any sort of costume or anything else beautiful.
The ladies working there are always totally helpful, and share all kinds of ideas and knowledge with me.
Everyone I know in the bizzz goes to Heddy's for all their fabric needs.
Their selection just can't be beat.

Heddy's has gorgeous fabric and pretty much anything you nee to make some sort of garment or costume.
However, I find the place to be ridiculously overpriced.
The first time I went in, I thought the prices marked on their rolls of fabric HAD to be for the whole roll because the prices for their spandex fabrics are marked for over 20 bucks PER YARD.
Are you serious?
I know I can't really compare this place to the fashion district in L.A. where I get the same fabric for $5 a yard (at most), but even at Jo-Anns or Hancock Fabric, I can get some of the same material for around $8/yard with their weekly coupons.
This place is definitely nice to browse around because they have very nice fabric, but I think the only thing I'd ever buy here would be their remnant pieces.

Great for whatever fabric needs you might have!
If you can't find it at Joann's or Hobby Lobby or you need a higher quality fabric or embellishment, Heddy's is your place.

came here looking to make this:  http://www.flirtyaprons.com/womens-aprons/show/frosted-cupcake/  i walked in and the ladies didnt seem to want to help me at all.
not even a hello when i walked in (if they did i didnt hear anything).
they were all busy chatting and talking.
oh whatever... i looked around most of the isles looking for something similar and didnt really find anything.
so i went over to ask and one of the ladies showed me some fabric.
she was helpful.
i found a cupcake pattern but not any of the other patterns.
ill look elsewhere.
i also bought some ripstop nylon.
need to repair my tent.
as i was paying the ladies seems a bit more friendlier.

Walked in with 400.00 and spent only 12.53 on 3 trims.
Reason?
4 employees and not one smiled, said Hello or asked if they could help me.
Lynn didn't raise her head up at all while doing needlework except to talk to Crystal about the "Other" girl not ever being able to pay her school loans.
I looked over at the girl at the counter on the wall and she just glared at me, as I smiled to try to make some kind of connection with someone in the store.
As Crystal was cutting the trim and then slowly winding back up and pinning on holder, I couldn't wait to get the heck out of there.
It was the most uncomfortable feeling.
Crystal was dressed very unprofessional.
A tank top that kept slipping of her shoulders and exposing her bra.
I think the owner sounded kind of nice but she was on the telephone in the back.
I ended up down the street and ended up spending all together 500.00.
Thanks ladies for making your boss proud.

