Great Doctors and very friendly staff!

Ive been going to see Dr. Ulitchney since 2003.
We used to live within walking distance of this office.
We have now moved way south and I still drive all the way on every appointment.
We have 4 animals that go there and don't mind the distance.
The staff is the same staff which to me, says a lot because turnaround would reflect the bad enviornment but apparently inside it's a great place to work at as well.
Not only is Dr. Ulitchney very caring and sincerely cares about animals, he is SUPER HOT !
He's married and his wife is gorgeous so I respect that as I myself am married.
But that doens't mean I can't appreciate a good looking Dr. when I see one right?
Seriously, great hospital, reasonable prices for vaccines and routine checkups.
There's always appointments available within a reasonable time frame.
They handle my emergencies as their emergencies !
The best vetinary clinic in town!

My neighbor recommended Sahara Pines to me after I mentioned how I wasn't pleased with my first vet.
They have taken excellent care of my kitties and have fair pricing.
I am able to get appointments in a timely manner, same day if I call because one of my furballs is sick.
They are excellent about keeping me in the loop regarding treatment and costs.

I have been going to Dr. Ulitchney for about 9 years.
He was recommended to me by a stranger when I was in line at Petco!
I have been to 4 different places before coming here, and I am so glad I found this place.
He is the most compassionate Dr. and really seems to care about the animals.
Doesn't try to upsell like all the other places.
My animals have always been treated with dignity while there, and for that I am grateful.
When I had to put my old German Shepherd down, they were so caring and had so much compassion throughout the whole process.
I also appreciated the sympathy card they sent me.
I continue to bring all my furbabies there, and know I am getting the best care possible.

It's so hard to find a good vet, especially when relocating to a new state... and it took me a while to find Dr. Ulitchney and team, but i am soooo THANKFUL i did!!
Sahara Pines came recommended from a friend, and since going, I've never gone nor will ever go anywhere else.
They are so patient and caring, and really, really really take the time to invest in each pets health and happiness!!
I've seen both Dr. Ulitchney and Dr. Zeigler and would, without hesitation, recommend either doctor to care for your beloved pet!
As my terrier has gotten older, she has run into some health problems here and there and they both have just been outstanding.
They both have treated her and every time she has had to go in, they spend time finding out information, back story, progress or regression, how treatments have worked, not worked, done tests and aren't just quick to put her on meds -- infact, they discovered she has an extremely sensitive system and can't handle most meds, so they took her off them and didn't rely on prescribing one pill or fix the problem another one caused, and so forth, which i think is a rare quality in a veterinary practice these days.
And, go figure... with the help of some probiotics she hasn't had a problem in MONTHS!!
She has seen countless vets who just want to put her on pills and on to the next.
Dr. Ulitchney and Dr. Zeighler just want to see her healthy and happy!
They also are awesome to follow up when brining in my other dogs to see how she's doing -- they never forget!!
They even kept an appointment when the power went out and saw us in the waiting room and when the credit card machines where down, didn't blink an eye "next visit you can pay".
I mean... dedicated and unparalleled in exceptional service.
Thank you for doing what you guys do!!!!!!
The positive impact and care you provide everyone you see is priceless and my dogs and I are extremely grateful!

