Ron and the gang have a class establishment.
We enjoyed steak night on Saturday and played the machines in peace for hours.
We even won a few bucks!
We'll be back - this is our new neighborhood mainstay.

North Vegas is where you go when you've fucked up once too often on the strip and when you're not even welcome in the cut-rate downtown places.
So ending up near the airport down by Sahara on this week night in Veags was just another level of confussion.
The mentality of Las Vegas is so grossly atavistic that a really massive crime can often slip by unrecognized.
The Blue Ox Tavern is no stranger to this sort of life style.
Though I have to say that I was really surprised that upon coming here one night after an already long evening of drinking at a German beer house, we had to get buzzed into the place.
Yes, that's right.
Buzzed into a bar.
And while the Blue Ox seemed like a fairly safe haven from our storms with copious amounts of German schnitzel and alcohol, What with no hassles (besides the door), no talk, It was just a place to rest and regroup.
I wasn't even hungry, which was sort of a shame because the happy hour/late bird menu really looked tasty.
There's a rule in Vegas - Don't burn the locals.
The main reason why you should follow it, is so that the same locals you didn't burn can take you to places like this.
We were the only people in this bar on this weeknight.
While I'm not sure if it was because of that, but the bartender would constantly come to the table and ask if we wanted another round.
Yeah, there's nothing like sobering up with more alcohol.
And while their selection wasn't that great, they at least had New Castle.
A classic favorite of mine.
Found out that this place is a gathering spot for Minnesotans in the weekly sacrament of watching their Vikings play.
For a second there I was stupid with shock -- not knowing whether to run or start laughing that Las Vegas would have a lot of Minnesota transplants.
Oh well, I guess the only real draw back to this place is that at the late hours you have to get buzzed in.
I mean, that alone makes you feel like you're in a scummy area.
Over all, a good little tavern to get your drink on when you want to escape the strip and all its madness.

Just learned about this place from today's Groupon deal ($20 worth of food for $10!).
I will definitely hit this place up in the next few days and update my review.
----- 12-18-2010 Dropped by Blue Ox Tavern after hanging on to the $20 for $10 Groupon promotion thing that I bought awhile back.
Had intended to come by on a Sunday when the Vikings were playing and enjoy the food and atmosphere, but that unfortunately never pan out with the work schedule.
Anyway, I came on a slow Saturday night, and the place was pretty empty (just a few guests, a bar tender and waitress and whoever was working in the kitchen).
Their menu is pretty simple.
Most items were under $10.
after checking out the menu, I decided to get a cup of their Soup of the Day, some Chicken Fingers and a burger with 2x 1/2 lb Angus beef patties.
Oh and a soda.
The whole meal came out to be $22 plus change.
Not bad at all.
The Chicken Finger was nice and hot and was pretty good (a bit too salty for me, but once it gets a quick dunk in the dipping sauce it was fine).
The burger was juicy and packed a lot of calories.
Had I forced myself to finish it, it would have qualified for a 1#er burger challenge.
But I opted to finish my soup and chicken fingers, and left the last 3 bites for the dumpster.
The waitress was cool.
Took my order and pretty much left me alone, except to bring the food and check on my Coke for refills.
I pretty much planted myself in front of the TV and watch the 1st Qtr of the college football game that was on at the time.
I think this is a good place to get decent bar food at a reasonable price.
The place is likely packed when one of the MN sports team is playing and being televised, but I was not there during one of those times.
The bartender was pretty funny, so if you are bored he will definitely be able to entertain you.
Food: 3/5 Price: 4/5 Service: 3/5 Decor: 3/5

Let me start this review off by saying I was born and raised in MN.
The Blue Ox Tavern on Sahara is part of a 3 bar group in Vegas.
I believe each is separately owned and operated.
And while I have never been to the other 2 locations, if they're half as good as this place, they are worth checking out.
The place is nothing fancy, it's a local's bar/VP house.
They have a small meeting room in the back that can be used for private parties or club meetings.
The decor is very understated, it has a older vibe with paneling and tons of wildlife and lake photos on the walls.
The Staff is always friendly, the owner will come around and personally thank you for coming in and see if there is anything they can do to make your visit better.
One thing that is a little different about the Ox is the customers.
I'm not sure if you have ever heard of the saying "Minnesota Nice", but trust me they are.
I have been to locals bars where all the customers are Slot Zombies and you can't get a word out of them.
However, at the Ox, everyone is pretty approachable, and are always willing to talk about pretty much anything.
The Ox is a MN bar so the default "home team" is the vikings.
Hell the bear head behind the bar is wearing a Helga hat complete with braids.
Don't come in on a Sunday and expect to get another team on the TV's as far as they know in the ox, there is only one game on Sundays and it's the Vikings game.
They have some great game day specials that include Brats and Beer (does it get any better?).
Most of the time they do special half time buffet during the Vikings Monday Night games.
Their menu us full of Midwestern delights.
You won't find Tofu or many vegetarian or vegan options on the menu, however you will find plenty of cow, chicken, and pig.
Their Roast Beef is amazing, they have 3 sandwich options, and I strongly recommend the Timberwolves French Dip.
I have yet to have anything on their menu that I wouldn't order again (and I've ate over 2/3rds of it!).
If you are a fan on MN sports, attentive staff, friendly patrons, cheap drinks, and some really good Midwestern Bar food, it's pretty hard to beat The Ox.
I have said for a while now that if you were to remove the VP machines and put in a box of pull tabs you would have any bar back in MN.
Anytime I am feeling homesick or want a good meal with some friendly people I set my autopilot to The Ox, and I'm never disappointed!

Every time I'm in Vegas my mom takes me here (I think shes a regular).
This is actually where I told my mom I was engaged :).
So yes it is a bar, but the sandwiches and prices are not bad at all!
I definitely recommend this place to eat off a hangover, or to start one :)

If you want a great Burger at a decent price, this is the place to go.
There green chili burger is the best in Vegas.
They have a great steak sandwich and there breaded fried spicy green beans are the bomb.
Also this is a Minnesota Vikings bar, which is my favorite team.
The staff here takes care of you very well, and the bill came with fresh baked cookies (one for each person at the table).
I lunch here frequently.

They have the most bodacious burgers in town!
I don't mean to steal vocabulary from Bill and Ted but they are totally worthy!
I had their green Chili Burger and it was so delicious!
The waiter said that they are so good he can eat one every day.
He wasn't lying this is one of the best burgers I've ever tasted!
It made me sad to think I had to share this burger with my hubby ...well he had to share with me.
I ordered the Golden Gopher which was like a Philly Cheese Steak but with yellow cheese.
It was a little too salty for me.
We ended our delicious meal with Oreo Cookie Ice Cream Cake.
I will definitely be back!

Really good juicy burgers for a really low price.
Great staff and really wonderful cookies.
Don't let the shady outside fool you this is a great place to eat off the strip.

This was a great first experience staff was friendly.
Got great service, and the food was good.
The burger I had was nice and fresh and was a great value for the price.
And to make it even more awesome,  is they give you a cookie with your bill.
Oh and it may look like a dive, but it is very nice and clean inside.

Great food!
Great service!
Great ambiance!
Super friendly staff!
Go here!!

Dont believe the hype, not one person in the bar was from the Twin Cities because I walked around and asked majority of the patrons, there were only 8 in the tavern @ the time it was 8pm Sun.nite.
the bartender was very nice and outgoing also not from MN.
& thats ok,  real drab boring waitress from New Jersey who assumed and kept the leftover change $5.00 from a large bill without returning my change, I would have tipped her more .
I hate when waitresses pull that stunt .
Only in Vegas and only someone hailing from Jersey.
Excellent cole slaw, good burgers,very stingy with the fries that you have to pay extra for, Oh you pay extra for the cole slaw also.
Dark neighborhood at night.

I go to the Blue Ox almost every Sunday night after work.
It's a nice local place with that homey wood panel feel.
Drink prices are quite reasonable, and the food is very good.
Of note:  Chicken wings: order them tossed in the sauce, and you won't be disappointed.
Buffalo is a tasty Franks mix and comes with a generous portion of fries.
Chili: When it's available, pretty good and very meaty.
Needs a little Tabasco for my tastes, but excellent with extra onion on top.
Surf and turf: recently changed to a ribeye and always with walleye.
Cooked perfectly.
Grilled cheese with ham: if you want to die happy of a cheese overdose, buy this.
Oh my goodness good.

Nice people and good food!

It was really hot, I was tired, I was in a part of town I wasn't very familiar with, and I really, really, wanted a good, big, all around typical American burger.
Looking around at the places nearby I just wasn't sure if I could find anything tasty in this area at all.
However, Yelp led me here, and with the strangely high reviews I decided to just go for it and I was very pleasantly surprised.
It was a big burger, it was good with lots of toppings, I can't really say much.
A burger is a burger and it was standard and good!
It wasn't a little greasy guilty pleasure like that of In-n-Out or I Love Burger.
And it wasn't a flavor-adventure like one would find at Bachi Burger.
It was just a standard, big, filling burger, and it was actually good.
Also, the service is very friendly and the atmosphere is relaxed!
Like I said, I was tired, hot and hungry, and in a foreign part of town, and I was thoroughly comforted and rejuvenated by this experience.
And even though this happened maybe over a month or two ago, lately I find myself thinking about it and even craving another burger from Blue Ox.
For me, this place was a surprisingly cool haven in the middle of a hot and exhausting day.
I was not expecting to like it as much as I did.
Hope to see them again soon, yum!

I give this place 5 stars, for ambience, decor, food, service, parking; you name it.
I had occasion to eat here for the first time on Friday, June 29, 2012 (5:13 PM), perfectly waited on by Melanie.
My center-cut NY Strip Sirloin steak was exquisitely prepared ("well done") and literally SMOTHERED in so many sautéed mushrooms and grilled onions, that I could not see the steak beneath them!
Bravo, Carlos Flores!
It was juicy and easy to chew, as I expected.
The baked potato (only with butter) was also excellent, and NO "crispy & crunchy" skin (which I don't like to find).
The Chef's Salad was a complete meal in itself and again, excellently prepared, with HOMEMADE Ranch dressing.
The decor is pleasing to the eye ("intimate," I would say) and the only thing it would need to be "elegant," would be linen tablecloths, which aren't necessary.
Unfortunately, the only "negative" thing anyone can truthfully say about this wonderful place, is NOT the "fault" of the owner.
But, due to the way the place is laid out, no one under 21 can be admitted/seated, unless they don't mind being seated in the separate dining area.
This is due ONLY to the configuration of the place and the laws of Clark County, NOT due to the owner.
Do stop in when you have the time (on the SW corner of West Sahara & Duneville).
To be more helpful, they're in the Burlington Coat Factory Plaza at Sahara & Jones, but on the extreme eastern side of that shopping center, as I described.
It's my belief that you will have as terrific a meal (and as good a time) as I did.

Great for Groups!
They even have a separate room should you like to have a "separate" party area.
The food is mostly bar food type food....
I wouldn't recommend the burgers because they tend to run dry.
But the Quesadilla is GREAT... and really big.
Easily can be shared by 2-3 people for an appetizer.
The club sandwich is big with lots of turkey.
The taco salad is average .... but it's big and filling.
BTW....
The deep fried green beans are really tasty as are the nachos!
What's great is the service... the folks here are really nice and are hard workers.
They really want to make sure you have what you need/want.

I followed my nose -- well, the reviews on Yelp -- to this off-the-Strip, family-owned dinner spot during my stay in Vegas.
Although not the most amazing fare I've ever sampled, the food was very good and I'm glad I checked it out.
I ordered their monster nachos, which was a mistake only in that the size of the order was HUGE.
I mean... given the name, you'd think I would have given it some consideration.
You have no idea how big this plate of nachos was.
Grown men would weep to see it.
Also, I've seen oxymorons present in food before, jumbo shrimp being the most obvious example, but their chips were, no joke, soft and crispy.
"How can this be?
" you might ask.
"I do not know," I would reply.
Actually, my reply would be more like "ffnaauugghhfff," because my mouth would be full of those delicious chips.
My friend ordered the bleu cheese and chipotle burger, which he declared was also delicious and worthy of mention, but without tasting it, I'm afraid I can't offer my own opinion.
Nevertheless, by word of mouth, give it a try!
It also bears mentioning that our waitress was the only one on the floor, not only serving, but also bussing each table by herself.
She was not only very apologetic, but very attentive, which is always appreciated on a busy night!
Check them out, Vegas natives.
Off the Strip.
Good food, good prices, and a lot of family love.

My family ended up here based on the reviews here from yelp.
My search was "low priced" and "off strip".
The restaurant had very good reviews, actually unusually good with essentially no poor reviews.
We met the owner while there as he can around to the table to greet and check on us.
He explained that the restaurant was his dream come true.
He opened it about 15 years ago and decorated it to look like a mid-western basement.
The ambiance he was looking for was definitely achieved.
The wood paneling and overall decor are representative of a Midwestern basement from the 80s or 90s.
He is an obvious and vocal fan of Minnesota.
We ordered off the menu based on reviews as well.
We ended up enjoying the best nachos I've ever had.
The portion was humongous too, enough for 4 to split as an appetizer for sure.
The fresh chips are fantastic and can't be effectively described in words.
We each had a burger and I went with the chipotle blue cheese burger.
It was juicy and cooked to perfection, if a bit heavy on the blue cheese.
The burgers come with a small bag of chips, there is an up-charge for fries or coleslaw, and a larger up-charge for onion rings and other options.
However, there is a discount if you "check in" on Facebook that makes up for the up-charge.
Also, the bathrooms are clean and nice.
Really we had a great time and will definitely be going back.
I mean it was so good I even came back on yelp to write my own review.

For what looks to be a divey little place, I really liked it here.
Its off to the back of a strip mall so its easy to miss so pay attention.
This place is really clean.
I mean super clean.
I mean I couldn't stop looking at how clean the carpet was.
And my friend even commented on the carpet too when she saw me looking at it.
Its really that clean.
The surprising part is that there is no divider between the bar and dining area and you don't smell smoke at all unless someone is actively smoking at that moment.
The downside is the fact that there is no divider - and I reeked by the time I got home.
This is a Minnesota Vikings bar for anyone who cares about that.
The waitress couldn't have been nicer and took really good care of us.
The food was good too.
We just had sandwiches but both meals were good.
The waitress also gave us a discount thingy to return at a later date.
They also have a jukebox which explains why there was such awesome music playing while we were there.
All in all a good place to catch up or hang out for a bit.

I went there the other day while waiting g to pick up my wife from the airport.
This place is great.
I wouldn't say the ribs were Kansas City good, but they were really good.
Much better than what you might expect from a bar.
The also make good cheap drinks and it doesn't smell like smoke in there.
I'll be back.

Outstanding customer service, super friendly and very welcoming!
Nate was our bartender and did a great job taking care of us.
Honestly, it was super dead in the Ox when we were there but the staff was fantastic and we'll definitely be going back in the future.
Great locals watering hole.

Great little bar!
Very friendly and laid back.
The food was fast and tasty and the atmosphere was good.
The televisions are all placed at strategic locations so that you pretty much can see one from anywhere.
Great little bar!

I normally don't comment on service because that always varies depending on who you get, but I must say that our waitress was amazing.
She seemed to be the only one working the whole restaurant, but I didn't notice.
My drink was never more than half empty and she was working her butt off!
Extra star just for her.
A little local sports bar with a pretty extensive menus- dinner entrees, salads, burgers, sandwiches, appetizers, etc.
I was only expecting pub dishes when we saw this place, but we were pleasantly surprised.
My husband and I both ordered the Western burger.
Overall solid burger- the patty itself was a little under seasoned, but the BBQ sauce had a good flavor and I enjoyed every bite.
Had the Frings on the side- fries and onion rings and they were delicious.
Everything was crispy and well seasoned.
Great little joint to stop in to watch the game and have a well cooked meal.
Great selection for a bar.

Words can't describe how good the food is and how much of a good service they provide.
I definitely recommend this place, and this is coming from someone who's traveled a lot.
Hidden treasure per say

It has been over three years since I last dropped in to Blue Ox Tavern.
And up until just a few seconds ago, I was still completely uninformed about the significance of "Blue Ox", except it has some connection to Minnesota.
So if you are curious about the name, here is a brief Cliff Notes notation about this trivia:  Blue Ox is actually named Babe, and is Paul Bunyan's animal companion.
Blue Ox was also a professional roller hockey team based in Minneapolis, MN, that used to played in the Roller Hockey International League.
But if you are expecting the interior of the tavern/sports bar to be all blue, you will be disappointed.
Hues of light pink is what you will most likely be covered with regardless of where you decided to park your hiney for the duration of your visit.
But don't worry, your eyes are very good at filter that out, but it could get problematic when you try to take pictures of your food, menu or other picture worthy subject matters.
Anyway, I was here recently to catch the slightly more than half of the most boring Super Bowl event in recent memory.
The place was fairly busy, but there were still a few tables and booth that were unoccupied when I walked in.
The average age of the patron was easily over 35 (and I am lowballing my guestimate), so if you are looking for young wild and crazy sports bar scene, this is probably not your best bet.
Best surprise of the afternoon was the complimentary half time buffet that was sponsored by a local law firm (the hot links and other sausages and sides were a definite hit).
Their regular menu is your typical, non-gourmet bar food.
You have your appetizers (mostly fried items and nachos), salads, sandwiches, burgers, and breakfast items.
I had a bowl of soup (changes daily), and one of their burgers on both visits.
Food is decent and portion is relatively large (but nothing to rave about in our local weekly magazines), and most items are under $10.
Service is decent.
The waitresses checks up on you regularly, so your refills or next order of beer is practically effortless.
If you stop in to this sports bar when there are no games on, you could save $1 with your Yelp Check-in off.
Overall, I like this vintage sports bar that has persevered through the years with the occasional event promotions to draw in regulars and snag a few newbies.
Good experience if you are looking for something different from your regular routine.
Review #5 of 2014

we are visiting from out of town and wanted a good place to et and have a beer.
this had good reviews so we thought we would try it out.
What a Yummy burger.
And the staff is friendly and comfortable.
it felt like hme.

i will come back and try the Mexican food.
they seem to be very proud of it.
my first experience, however, was not good.
the menu is pretty small and I didn't see anything that jumped out so I settled for an order of chicken wings.
how bad could they be?
every bar in vegas cranks out perfectly acceptable chicken wings.
well, except this place.
I ordered them medium hot and when they came out I wanted to leave without even trying them.
that would have been rude.
the wings themselves are over processed, breaded and low-quality.
the hot sauce came out in a plastic container and was hideous.
I requested blue cheese and was given a packet filled with some runny, tasteless goo.
on the bright side the server was very friendly and efficient.

I was introduced to the Blue Ox via my monthly Star trek fan club, that's right folks geeks likes to eats too ya know.decently priced,the burgers are good.
the staff is very friendly and supportive of us socially awkward types :-P  We would meet in the little meeting off to the side, the added bonus is no smoking,geeks and asthma go hand and hand :-( I look forward to my monthly trek to the blue ox.

Loved this place!
Casual,  relaxed environment,  friendly staff and really good food.
On the advice of our waitress, my better half ordered the steak sandwich and he said it was the best one he had ever had (and he can be picky).
I got the Patty Melt and had it on Sourdough bread (I don't like Rye) and it was really good.
The fries were crinkles, served hot and somehow tasted better than normal fries usually do.
We had cheese curds and jumbo shrimp cocktail for appetizers,  both were outstanding!
By the way.
...You have to try those cheese curds.
Cute touch,  they give you cookies with your bill.
Stop in,  you won't be sorry!

A nice quiet place to escape the crowds and noise.
The prices are really great!
Got two pizzas, glass of pinot, gin and tonic, and beer for $15.
The bartender was very nice, a great place to relax.

