We take our chihuahua to this location.
Dr. Knighton is extremely helpful and the staff is great there.
The new office looks great and prices are reasonable too.

We are new to the area and I'm so happy we found this place.
The staff was very nice when I called and when I brought my dog in.
We met Dr. Wallace and he was also very nice.
My dog is very shy but she went right up to Dr. Wallace..that says a lot about him!

My daughter has worked with animals for over 20 years and when she moved to L.A., she drove all the way back to Vegas to have Dr. Wallace continue taking care of her kids (her pets).
I think that says it all!

After a long night of hearing Sharmin (my 3 legged cat) sneeze, I dropped by the VCA Spring Mountain Animal Hospital to have her checked out.
It was my first time at this animal hospital and their website provided a free first visit as some others do.
I read the other reviews here on Yelp and decided to check it out.
Dr. Knighton was very pleasant and knowledgeable.
The visit to the vet was informative and the medication was reasonably priced.
The free first visit resulted in a savings of a little over $50 and I'll be coming back with Sharmin for a check up soon.
Also, they open at 7am which makes it one of the earlier opening Animal Hospitals here in Vegas which can come in pretty handy if you work a swing shift!

New cat from the animal shelter and we could get a free check up at VCA hospitals.
I dropped in with the new one, Haule, and had a check up.
I had been told he was about five months old, but the Vet told me he was a little bit younger based on his teeth.
He was in good health and they encouraged a booster vaccine, free as well, in two weeks.
So I knew I would be back.
There are no appointments, just walk in, their hours are long and seven days a week including Sunday's.
The staff were friendly and prompt.
I have used the VCA hospital system in Hawaii after my Vet retired and he recommended it, but when we moved to Las Vegas, I went to a couple of different animal hospitals.
I am very fond of Durango Animal clinic, but VCA on Spring Mountian is an excellent backup!

I recently adopted my dog from the Animal Foundation & they gave me a free first visit.
My dog had to have her baby teeth extracted because they didn't fall out on their own.
Staff was very friendly and helpful.
Dr Knighton was so pleasant and had such a calm demeanor which I think was very reassuring, since my dog is a shelter animal has a very nervous demeanor.
It put me at such ease that he had such a wonderful way with my little Trixie.

We recently adopted a 3 month old Chihuahua puppy from the Animal Foundation and we were given a list of vets we could go to for a free checkup.
After Yelping the vets on the list this was the best reviewed.
Although it is far from our house in Anthem Highlands, I feel it is worth it..
The staff is very nice and Dr. Knighton is great with very good credentials.
Also, Upon our second visit for booster shots, they waived the check up fee of $55 and only charged us the $35 for booster shots.
WIN..
Recommended!

Very attentive and friendly!
I came here because my new puppy got diarrhea and had a pink tone to his droppings and was completely drained of energy.
I came in a little after they opened and was taken right away.
The veterinarian who helped us was very helpful and genuinely cared for my puppy.
He was not pushy or quick to get us out the door like some vets I've experienced.
he held him and comforted him as well.
My puppy ended up getting a parvo test, thank goodness that was negative!, and was prescribed some medicine before we headed home.
Two days later my puppy still had diarrhea so we called in to ask about the medicine and what we should do and they let us speak with another vet over the phone.
We told him what was going on and the medicine we had and he gave us some helpful advice and answered all our questions without is having to drive there or pay for another exam.
I really appreciated that he took some time to actually speak with us over the phone.
Overall, I am very pleased with the hospital.
If I ever have an emergency or need to see a vet, I'll be sure to take my pets here.

Once again, Dr. Knighton to the rescue.
Our kitty developed what looked like a possible blockage in his urinary tract(google diagnoses ninjas).
Anyhow, we took him to the emergency vet hospital at 2 in the am at Pecos and Patrick.
No surprise, they wanted $2557.00 to treat him.
Never been robbed, but this felt awfully close.
So we opted for the number #3  which was antibiotics/pain killers and got the hell out.
The next morning, Dr. Knighton and staff are in tune with my panic and promptly whisked him in at 7am.
Gives me a few options and kindly tells me to wait for labs before we take any further action.
Luckily, Kiddie has a bladder infection and with some meds and rest he'll be just fine.
Costing me less than $400 to get him treated.
Plus, I received two calls from Dr. Knighton within two days.
Bonus ending.
Early morning Ronald Donuts run after VCA.

reception was very rude and was acting like we were interrupting her "chill " time.
Dr. went from telling me my dog needed to lose 12lbs to only 2lbs.
Maybe a second opinion is needed.

I've adopted a cat from the Animal Shelter.
She is beautiful and nice:) I went to this place for a Free First time checkup.
It was just such a nice opportunity so I went.
Even though I made a reservation, I had to wait about 1.5 hours.
(including waiting in the private exam area for the doctor)   However, everyone was nice.
Doctor was very friendly.
The check up was very short but his assistant, front desk agents and doctor pointed out few characteristics of the cats and individual uniqueness of my own cat.
since it was my first time owning a cat, it was very nice to learn more about my cat.
I found out that my cat could be a different breed, had a shorter tail (half...) , and slight thinner than average cats.
Which helped me to know more about my cat.
Since this hospital is open for everyone so there is no guarantee for the wait time but I am sure they take of emergencies first.
Except that the fact that there isn't a guarantee of the wait-time for regular check ups, everything else was good.
I am going back for vaccine & maybe pet hotel next week !

Dr Wallace and his staff are amazing!
We had a very bad experience with our puppy at a previous vet and came to VCA for a second opinion.
Dr. Wallace took the time to do a thorough examination and answer all questions we had.
He explained the process of the tests needed and what they would tell us.
Pricing is certainly within the norm and the staff make sure you fully understand each procedure (and cost) before performing it.
We will certainly keep coming here!

Always an hour wait.
My cats would get sick every time after coming home from here.
They are strictly indoor cats.
Also way over priced even on the half off days.

I came here for my two puppies vaccine and they give you a free first check up for up to 3 different animals!
The veterinarian answered all my questions clearly and they even narrate exactly what they're doing to my pets so I can stay calm.
The only downside is the lobby, it's quite uncomfortable and there's just one small TV facing the front desk.

We've been patients here for 15 years.
We started coming here when we bought our first puppy on a recommendation from that breeder.
We have lost our oldest dog, but still bring our other two dogs and we also brought our two litters of puppies here for care.
We now live on the other aide of town and still make the drive just because the drs here are so fantastic.
The staff is very helpful and friendly and always explains everything and gives us different treatment options.
I wouldn't even think about trying anyone else.

Dr. Knighton and the staff are amazing.
I brought my doggie there because she was ill.
They gave her the best care and at such affordable rates.
My doggie is doing fine and has been back to get up to date in her vaccines.
Highly recommend them because I feel they truly care about the health and well being of the pets they treat.
They treated my senior dog with care and gentleness.

Dr.
Wallace!!!
YOU ARE THE BEST VETERINARIAN EVER!!!
My cat got out and was attacked by a neighborhood cat and I could tell he wasn't doing so hot.
So I brought him to All About Cats and they didn't even check his wound...they wanted to do some kind of EXPENSIVE surgery on his bladder (he's only 3 years old and only eats the BEST organic grain food money can buy)...I decided on taking him to VCA Animal Hospital... and they helped me treat his INFECTION!!!
He had a FEVER and had a huge PUSS filled wound on his butt...they had to do an inexpensive surgery to clean it out, and they gave me everything i needed to continue to clean it.
Dr. Wallace even gave me LESS EXPENSIVE options if I couldn't afford surgery!!!
The doctors at VCA Animal clinic actually cared about my cat, and weren't trying to charge me an ARM AND A LEG to treat my cat for some CRAZY ASSUMPTION!!!
ALWAYS GET A SECOND OPINION!!!
I'm SURE GLAD I did!!!
Thanks VCA Animal Hospital

