During this holiday season ...
I must say, I'm so glad i get to order my favorite combination together ... A caramel brulee and cranberry bliss ... yummy in my tummy!

Good service...not so good parking

Nice staff.
Fast service.
Free drink.
What more could you ask?
I stopped here on the way home and knocked another Bucky's off my to visit list.
Location is a bit of a pain and parking is a definite drag, but I like to park in and go in and talk with the folks rather than just drive through!

It's Starbucks, it's what you expect.
Staff: Friendly and quick.
Drinks: Out of about a hundred visits to this location, they only messed up one drink (caramel macchiato) didn't taste right but they were glad to replace it and give us a new drink.
1/100 is acceptable stats IMO.
Location: I share the pain of others when the parking situation stinks.
Baja fresh and  the bank next door keeps that portion of the lot busy.
Opt for drive-thru and enjoy your drink on the road.

i love this Starbucks!!
i use the drive through every morning, and with the new drive through camera they have they can see who i am and i can see who is taking my order.
they know what i want when they recognize me or my car.
it makes my drive thru experience much faster and I'm on my way to work in no time!

Right now, thru 9/3/12 if u go to Sbux in the AM, you can get your afternoon pick me  up for $2.
So for anyone who is healing, since you will definitely be more tired, exhausted & overwrought, I look at this as akin to meditation, brain games, memory improvement or therapy.
The benefits of coffee are known & studied so it's not going to be unbeneficial.
Plus it's at a discount.

Worst Starbucks I have EVER been in!
I walked in at 7:10am.
There were 6 employees behind the counter and I was the only customer in the building.
I walk up to the register area and one employee starts wiping down the espresso machine.
She makes eye contact with me then looks away!
No hello or anything.
Another employee had her back to me the entire time talking to the girl that ignored me, never once turned around!
The other 4 employees were playing some kind of game running around laughing and tagging or touching each other behind the counter.
After standing there for 2 minutes, (felt like 20!
) I asked if I could order a coffee.
The girl with her back to me walks to the back room, the girl wiping down the machine turns her back to me, 3 of the 4 playing grab ass start acting like they are putting things away.
Finally one of them asks for my order.
I order my coffee and move over to the pick up window.
The girl puts my coffee up after a few minutes and doesn't say a word.
I ask, "is this mine", to which she replies " I guess".
If I didn't need that coffee, I would have just walked out!
Avoid this crap box at all costs!

Amazing staff!
They always know how to put a smile on my face no matter the time of day.
Love this place!

Best Staff at this location.
Very friendly and very keen to a customers needs.
There drive-through is slow though.
They are extremely busy in the morning though.

Great staff for ALL shifts!
Friendly nice service and the crew working here will always put a smile on your face.

Oh Starbucks, how do I love thee?
Let me count the ways...
This Starbucks is always busy enough to provide a nice vibe, but never over congested.
The staff is always pleasant, and it's a great location.

Staff has a great attitude.
Drinks always come out good.
Parking is lacking & the drive-thru is laid out in a way that causes a lot of traffic jams and near misses in the parking lot.
I have seen so many close calls in that parking lot.
They need more parking.
Parking at the one down the road next to DW Bistro is better, but that location doesn't have good customer service.
I'll pick this location every time.

Super nice staff at this location!
*Tip: When the drive-thru line is wrapping around the business, walk inside!
There is rarely ever a line inside at this location when the drive-thru is packed.

I love this place!!
Staff is nice!
The drive-thru is usually busy so if I'm in a hurry I go inside and I'm in and out quickly!!
Also love the app...I get free stuff quite often!

Note:  I haven't visited this Starbucks in some time due to moving to a different part of town, so my review will be based on my previous visits (well over 1000).
My move from Yorba Linda, CA to Las Vegas, NV placed me a few blocks from this Starbucks several years ago.
As a result, this became my "go-to" Starbucks for roughly the first couple of years here in Vegas.
I averaged 1-2 visits a day (I drink a lot of coffee) primarily through the drive-thru though I did drop in on occasion to study/read or chat with friends.
My previous job had me traveling throughout Southern Nevada daily, which ended up with me visiting over 80% of the Starbucks locations in Clark County (most more than once).
With that being said, I believe this location has the best staff in Clark County.
Within a few weeks the Baristas (all shifts) called me by name, knew my primary and secondary drink orders, and the staff all around the clock was a pleasure to work with.
If the waits were long (which was rare), the drinks were given out for free.
This Starbucks also had exceptional drink accuracy.
My order 99% of the time is extremely simple - Iced Coffee with regular sweetener and cream.
This may sound a bit silly to mention since the order itself seems like a no-brainer to make.
However, I was shocked to find that there was roughly a 40% error throughout locations in Clark County with this order.
Sweetener would not get added or something other than cream would be used.
I have also had instances where the location would run out of the usual coffee bean used for iced coffee but would not mention it until I brought how strange it tasted.
If I could list a con for this location, it would be that it isn't open 24 hours, but buffered by the fact that their operating hours are longer than the majority of locations in town.
Athena, Brittney, Dalton, Nick, Yunnie, and the rest of the crew I missed ... thank you for being incredibly awesome and always adding a bit of fun to my work day.

I've always enjoyed Starbucks products, but this particular branch is well run and consistent in quality control.
This place is always busy, but still nice place to cool your heels and indulge in a tasty beverage.

one specific member lacked on customer service...  And for a starbucks employee I expected more.
Its not busy yet it took awhile to receive just my Black tea....
Manager was polite and assisted with my short n simple order.
But oh well I guess ... tsk tsk

Don't want to be mean but this place sucked slow service I've only been twice and each time it took them 15 min to make my chia tea and this time drink is not good taste like all milk   All the girls stood around while the slow man making the drinks took forever.
I won't be going back to this place sadly

Good service really quick when I make an order and the staff is always nice to talk to !

The worst Starbucks I have been to!
I have been here many times and each time it has been bad.
The drive thru is horrendous and going inside wasn't much better.
We went through the drive thru and had the worst experience.
It was at 6pm and there was one car in front of us and it took 17 minutes!
We waited and waited the girl have me total attitude when I ordered and huffed and puffed.
The guy in front of us apparently wanted to add money to multiple cards and off of multiple credit cards!
It took forever and I assume the girl at the window wasn't smart enough to figure it out.
We finally got up to the window and I told the girl that I had the January tumbler (I told her this at the ordering thing) FYI the January tumbler gets you one free grande espresso per day.
She said ohh and took the cup like I was inconveniencing her.
This is your job!
Then she said 'ok you owe me $5.79' uh no I don't stupid!
I wanted to kill her!
I said nope I don't owe you anything I bought this tumbler for that.
Everyone I have come into contact with at this Starbucks has been rude and slow!
I will not return to this Starbucks!!

Great Starbucks.
The cashier was super sweet to my friend's daughter while we were there.
The store was clean and so were the bathrooms.

Not really a lot to say about this location.
It's pretty much a par location.
Lines aren't ever too bad, staff is courteous, drinks are as expected, free wifi, outdoor seating, free parking and generally plenty of close parking available.
Seating inside is adequate and you can generally find a plug for your devices.
Nothing to get excited about, but nothing to complain about either.

Super fast service even when it is really busy.
I go here all the time and the staff is awesome but its not the same without the old manager Heather.
I hope things pick back up soon.

This Starbucks has really went down in the last 4-5 months.
Never same staff and drink consistency is horrible.
I used to love going here staff was so nice and now I will be hitting a different one.
I wish Starbucks would pay attention to YELP.
I see a lot of unhappy customers in the last few months.
Maybe time for management change turn it back around.

Able to get in and out quick, drive thru can get very busy at times so I just walk in and I'm out fast.

This is the nearest Starbucks to me.
I've gone here quite a few time.
Noticed it's always different staff and you either get good customers service or bad.
The last time I came to this location the lady at the register didn't seem to happy in the morning to serve.
Neither was I, that's why I needed coffee.
Lol but overall the staff was pretty unapproachable and seems to busy to care about customers.
My drink came out, they accidentally called the wrong name so I waited then when up and asked if this was mine and they said a different name so I backed away.
Then kept calling it so I told them it was probably mine then figured out it was mine....after all that waiting.
I'm always in a rush, it would of been nice to be out of there few minutes early.
Disappointed.

I am so glad i waited to write a review for this starbucks location.
Last couple of times i went through the drive-thru and not received the best of service.
I am not thr kind of person to punish a business becsuse someone is having an off day.
And i wish that people would be a little more mindful when slamming establishments for making mistakes.
Anyways, i am at this starbucks at least 3 to 4 times a week.
The service is not always consistant but the quality of their product is excellant.
The staff is very friendly and theyb do try their best to spead the line along.
On days i am in a rush i am happy they have a drive thru as i can get my morning calls startedbwhile i am in line.
I get the same boring coffee with an extra shot and 2 sugars.
Occasionally a breakfast treat.
Which are always fresh and grrat quality.
Someday I will up the reviewnto 5stars when thr sercice has improved.

Its a starbucks......they are pretty much all the same.
Only bonus is that is close to Spanish Hills so not a major drive.

Worst Starbucks in Las Vegas.
Only go here if you have 45 min to kill in a drive thru

I've never been treated so rudely and had worse service from a Starbucks than I've had at this one.
The staff here have no interest in their customers and find it's more important to carry on conversations with each other than creating a positive customer experience.
I already heard bad things about this Starbucks but decided to try it out.
My first interaction with them was in the winter and I ordered a passion tea lemonade hot.
I've ordered this drink at other Starbucks and one in henderson actually gave me the idea of making it hot one visit when I wasn't feeling well and had no issues.
This time the barista told me "we can't do that" kindly explained to her that other Starbucks have done it they steam the lemonade she replied very rudely "well we don't do that at this Starbucks it ruins our machine.
" I was completely caught off guard with her tone of voice and unwillingness to help.
I placed my order for a different drink.
My second encounter was a few months later, I thought I'd give it another chance.
I went through the drive thru placed my order went to the window and the barista was leaning on the wall had a very lazy presence and was talking into the store to her other coworkers as I pulled up.
She looked and me, told me my total and then continued her conversation with her coworkers.
I handed her my phone to scan my card during this time she's still continuing her conversation.
She hands me my drinks says "thanks" closes the window and immediately walks away.
Needless to say two bad experiences are two to many.
I have my own stories my roommate has lived on this side of town longer than I have and she has even more.
I will never go back to this Starbucks.
They really have some shaping up to do within their staff.
Good luck

