This Panera is like all the others, free wifi, a good place to study, and free refills on coffee.
However, this one closes early at 8p every day except Sunday, when they close at 7p.
Usually they are nice and won't kick you out right at closing.
There are also only a few good tables to get power if you are using a laptop, and they aren't the best for spreading out your studying material.
But it's free, so I don't want to complain.
Overall, the food is good.
If you are l looking for something healthy, get the "You Pick Two" with a turkey sandwich and black bean soup.

It's funny that they have BREAD in the title because bread is hardly what this place makes me think of.
Instead I think of it as Panera Sandwich Company.
Nothing exciting about the bread.
We used to eat here quite a bit.
The sandwich quality has gone downhill.
The value for the dollar we think is a bit out of proportion.
We don't like the "wait your own table" set up.
We have never had a good cup of coffee here.
The bakery has always been just so-so.
Recently they were somewhat disorganized and weren't able to fill some of our order at the time.
Their patio is nice with a nice view but rather small.
They need to really improve their food all the way around.
We can pay the same price at the Great Dane next door for way way better food and we are more than happy to pay 20% tip for a better dining experience.
Went here recently to see if anything had changed and ordered the turkey artichoke sandwich.
I used to order this one in past years.
What a got was a similar sandwich with spinach and turkey.
No artichoke.
I took it back to the counter and they said the artichoke is in there it is just in the sauce!
I should have refused it and ordered something else but I ate it and it was ok.
Very skimpy turkey portions in sandwich and mostly bread.
Way way overpriced for what I got.
This is really pathetic.
The interior is pretty clean and pleasant.
Many people like it for it's internet and coffee shop atmosphere I think and miss how crumby their actual food and service is.
I now lower them to 1 star.
update:  I stopped going to this place some time ago but returned because a friend insisted (above visit) and I won a 5 dollar gift card so I went there to use it up.
When I got there a manager was about to explain to a customer why her receipt was rung up the way it was and she said she didn't care to know.
But the manager insisted on explaining the bill to which she reluctantly allowed him to finish.
Now when I am ordering at this place I am invariably asked again and again if I am ready to order.
Don't they see that I am looking at the menu which is hung behind them?
So I won't be ordering until I decide and when I decide I will know to walk up to the register to order.
I decided to try the Ham and Turkey Panini because it was a little more expensive and one I had not tried in the past.
I think it was 8.25.
So with my card I spent  three and a quarter.
The sandwich came with a bag of chips.
It was a pretty large sandwich and the bread was good.
The ham was of somewhat ample portions but the turkey was skimpy and the cheese was almost non-existent.
What they do is shave the cheese paper thin and put two slices on the sandwich.
This is not what I call a good panini.
I give it about a 6 as it was fresh and tasted ok.
But it was nothing to rave about nor come back for.
It should have cost around 5 bucks for its simplicity and skimpiness.
Look at it this way.
I can buy a frozen dinner for 4 bucks which will have a protein, carb and vegetable and weigh in at about the same weight as the sandwiches I get from Panera.
But I have to pay double at this joint.
Sadly, Panera didn't used to be like this.
They used to have a turkey artichoke sandwich that was loaded with artichoke, turkey and cheese and the bread was delicious.
So someone came in and revamped all the food and wrecked the place.
Amazingly this has not dampened the number of patrons.
What I think is happening here is that Panera has a type of coffeshop feel and people meet there for it's casual atmosphere without paying a lot of attention to the quality of their food.
They sit, they talk with friends and eat their food and just have a good time not realizing that they just got ripped off and made to wait on their own table!
I gotta hand it to them.
They sure pulled off a good scam when they came up with the idea for this place.
Now please.
No more gift certificates.
They are more "insult certificates" than anything.

Well I have been going to this particular location for a while, it was fantastic when it came about.
It is in a fantastic location for a couple of reason 1.
It is a great place to grab a quick lunch that isn't flash heated and during work, 2.
For the same reasons, it is a great place to stop afterwork for some nice soup or sandwiches.
Their coffee is pretty good as well add their lemonade.
You really can't go wrong with Panera and finally the Fitchburg Location is a great addition to the arsenal.

I had an awful experience here.
It took the cashier 5 minute to punch my order into the cash register, then wasted another couple of minutes explaining to me that they changed their menu and its all "screwed up".
After waiting another 10 minutes for my latte, I finally asked the lady behind the counter if the coffee was going to take much longer because I was in a hurry.
She looked at me with a snare , didn't say a word, then instructed the cashier to refund my money...which I didn't ask for.
As the cashier handed me my refund I said "I didn't ask for a refund, I just wanted to know how long it was going to take".
They both just stared at me without a word, so I said, "fine.
I find coffee elsewhere".
As I was walking out she declared to the customers in line with a giggle "she DID ask for her money back!
'  I will not be going back here.

Close to work, I prefer their coffee over bucks.
Nice selection of soups, salads, and sandwiches for lunch.
The service is usually pretty quick but, can be backed up if you go right at noon...best to arrive 15 minutes early for lunch.

Update - I do like Panera, and this one is typical of the many different ones I have been to.
One thing I just can't get over is how inefficient they are during busy mornings - cashiers get called away from ringing people to make a custom drink and the lines just back up, longer and longer.
Numerous times, I've waited longer (sometimes MUCH longer) to get a simple latte, while my breakfast sandwich was already ready and getting cold.
Really?
Not good.
Hint:  Avoid the busy times on weekend mornings - get their EARLY before the morning rush, or expect to wait at least 10 minutes for a breakfast order.
If you're in a rush, and the parking lot is full...you might want to consider other options.

It's not in Hawaii yet, so it is one of the more popular chains on the US mainland that I needed to go to, just to get my fix.
Panera Bread is a part coffee / breakfast place, along with it being a different experience to Starbucks and other similar eateries.
Maybe they do copy Starbucks on some aspects, but clearly Panera Bread is something pretty awesome.
Too bad they're not in Hawaii just yet, but I wish they would be so that they can compete with Starbucks  Part bakery as well, Panera Bread prides itself on good customer service and lots of its delicious products freshly made and handcrafted to its clientele each day.
This particular Panera Bread location I have visited is part of the Hatchery Hill shopping complex, located in Fitchburg WI.
I really liked their restaurant layout, which is part restaurant and part cafe, with some power outlets to recharge portable handheld devices while on the go.
Not a lot of things else to say about Panera Bread other than they have good food products.
While I do not drink coffee anymore, I ordered their hot chocolate, oatmeal, and their breakfast smash sandwich recently and it was col cool.
The prices can be pricey, but it can be your alternative to daily grind of fast food.
I'm sure Panera Bread draws all sorts of clientele, so they can give Starbucks a run for their money - at least.
Prices here are kinda jacked up there for the meals and sandwiches they serve.
While Panera Bread I imagine is a national chain, it does have its benefits.
There is plenty of parking here within the shopping center, with some parts of these spaces are dedicated to just Panera Bread.
That's pretty awesome anyway.
Many people - just like Starbucks - come here to chat, hang out, read, do whatever while enjoying Panera Bread's food and beverages.
Like Starbucks, they won't kick you out for anything, as long as you aren't loud or doing anything obnoxious that will get your ass kicked out of the store.
It can get busy during the morning and other peak times, so plan accordingly.
Support local!

This Panera is very close to my home.
My husband and I go once a week for a coffee date.
Sometimes I stop in to grab a smoothie.
The food is very good quality.
It is also pretty family friendly.
I can often be found in a booth blogging and enjoying one of their great frozen mochas.
There are a couple of negatives that keep this from being 5 stars.
First, sometimes the counter service is just not that good.
Lines can get long on the weekend.
Also I wish they would come around and wipe down tables more.
I always feel like I have to clean my own table.

Panera is great.
Food is spectacular.
However this location is horrible.
Customer service is non-existant here.
You are made to feel like they are doing you a favor by taking your order or providing your food.
go to another location or restaurant.
This one is BAD!

Counter service was quick, but the sandwich delivery was a bit slow.
Coffee and bagels were excellent and that why I go here.
Those cinnamon crunch bagels with honey walnut cream cheese are crack!
Yum!

I had a few hours to waste so I ended up here so I could enjoy some iced coffee while doing some work on my computer.
The iced coffee is pretty good here and I was impressed.
I like it more than the Starbuck's version.
I had my computer so I wanted to find a table with a accessible plug-in, but I tried two different areas and couldn't find any outlets.
What the heck?
I did end up ordering lunch here too and that was just okay.
I had the Thai Chopped Chicken salad and just wasn't a huge fan of the dressing.

It's been a while since I've updated this review.
Morning service has definitely improved and been much more efficient...very nice!
Morning's and lunch are still quite busy.
If you're in a hurry, get here early...before 7 in mornings, or 11:45, at the latest, for lunch.
If you come during peak, you might find it difficult to get a place to sit.

I work fairly close to Panera and at first, I was excited to be so nearby, but after all the mediocre experiences and the last nail in the coffin, I won't be returning here.
I've always felt that the customer service here has been sub-par to the service I have received at most other Panera locations.
Most associates have either seemed bored or snarky.
But I can overlook this most times as long as I receive tasty food and drinks at a timely fashion.
This certainly did not happen on Valentines day, when I decided to use the very last bit of money I had to treat myself and get a Cappuccino.
I had thought about stopping off at the McDonalds near my house, but I dislike Mickey Ds and wanted to use my money on something that I would enjoy.
When I walked in.....there was one cashier and many many customers.
And about 5 employees scrambling around behind the cashier to get pastries for people (strange logic).
After waiting patiently for my turn for 10 minutes, I ordered a cappuccino with some sugar free vanilla syrup from a guy who acted a little short with me.
Then I waited another 5 minutes for my drink and when the guy handed me my drink, I knew immediately that something was wrong because the cup had no weight to it.
I looked inside, stirred around trying to find espresso, but the cup was PURE FOAM.
I wasted almost $5 on a cup of milk foam.
At this time, I was needing to hurry and get to work, so I tried to fix it and put some coffee in my cup, but all of the coffees were out except for the hazelnut.
I didn't want the hazelnut, but there was no choice.
And that's it.
I will never be back again.
It pains me to say this, but I probably would have received a better drink (or at least a full one) and better customer service at Mc Donalds.

This is for service as this is my first experience at a Panera...visited this location at 730 AM as it's next to the hotel I was staying at.
Looked up the menu the night before  because I wanted something to eat before my flight out.
Wanted the "Pick 2" deal so ordered a panini and a broccoli cheese soup.
Response from cashier was, "Ee don't have soup right now.
"  Ok, would be nice if u explained why.
I can only assume soup isn't served until later.
Soup nazi?
Lol.
As for the chipotle chicken panini it tasted good.
Nice amount of spice and still warm when I ate it back in my hotel room.

