Up there with Crave for a classy bar with good, expensive martinis.
Nice, modern lighting, the atmosphere makes me feel fabulous.....who am I kidding, I am fabulous!
There's always a cute boy around to by me a drink, so the prices don't bother me too much.
Their "one & done" drinks knock my socks off.....heed the warning that the name gives....I'm serious.....brings me back to my jungle juice days at house parties.
5 stars!

This place is awesome.
We went there regularly for years until we moved.
The staff was always friendly.
The martini selection is vast and they will even concoct something special for you if you ask.
The downstairs has a relaxing blue tone and the upstairs is red (only open during busier hours or for private parties).
Martinis are about $9 but you can buy one-get one Thursdays & Fridays from 7-10.
The crowd is older earlier in the night (~35-40) until 8 or 9 and then the college students come in.
Try the stuffed olives appetizer, yum!

My favorite bar in Madison.
Always a good crowd and good ratio.
Excellent beer selection and cocktail/martini varieties.
There's always some special for $5 martinis going on.
The staff is well dressed, which along with the decor makes the atmosphere a bit classier than most places in Madison, especially in the campus area.
This is definitely a popular fraternity/sorority bar, and more recently a large foreign exchange student crowd.
Look out for their "Club BV" nights on Thursdays featuring a DJ upstairs.

I feel bad for people who think this is what a cocktail lounge should be like.
I used to go to Blue Velvet when it first opened.
I was a lot younger and impressionable then.
I understand it must be hard to do what other places are doing given the location of Blue Velvet.
I'm guessing their usual customers are college kids who are used to drinking cheap liquor just like I was when I used to go there.
Now I realize they don't use very high end booze but charge the same prices as any other cocktail lounge would.
The harsh lighting and metal decor makes the place look like a strip club (Don't get me wrong I'm down with strip clubs but I want to see some naked ladies if I'm going to be at one).
Anyone who thinks their cocktails are good or creative really needs to check out some of the other places in town.
You don't need to go to Chicago to find a nice cocktail lounge but you do need to skip the Blue Velvet.

The dancing upstairs is pretty awesome if you are in college, if not I wouldn't recommend it.
Downstairs is a good place to chill for a drink or two, but idk about a whole night there.

One of my favorite bars in Madison.
Great place to start your evening as the best drink special(IMO) goes until 10PM($5 Martinis.
) There is a great choice and they make the drinks very strong.
If you get enough, you might not even have to buy some watered down redbull/vodka at Brothers and you can deal with the insanity of most of the college bars:) Ok, at least that's my strategy.
The food is not great but the service is always very quick and friendly, whether you are sitting at a table or at the counter -- that is more than I can say about just any other bar in the area with this many people attending.

So I have been here a couple times now and I am finally writing a review.
I am completely dissatisfied with this place.
It is called a lounge and when you walk in it looks and acts like one.
It has really nice accent lighting that calms you down and prepares you for a fun night.
Until you see all the broskis and college type clientele.
Now don't get me wrong I understand this is downtown and college kids like the place and all but it is a lounge.
Even the staff is dressed pretty well to make it feel like a really classy place.
The establishment is deceivingly small and they make it seem 10X bigger by using large mirrors on the walls but you realize quickly that the place is small, at least on the lower level...
The reason I address this is because every time I have been here they had the upstairs closed for some unknown reason.
When I asked the "bouncer" why it was closed he said it is only for when they are really busy, while I was being shoved around because everyone was shoulder to shoulder and on a saturday night...
The bartenders are inattentive and thats being kind, they are just shouting at all their friends and buddies who come in and give them special treatment even though I had been sitting there for about 20 minutes, NO that is not an exaggeration.
When they come back with their friends' drinks they blatantly try handing shots over me and spilling on me.
They apologize but don't offer anything in return and STILL WALK AWAY.
The last time I was there and this happened I yelled at the bartender to get my beer and get the manager.
The manager gave me my beer and a shot for free but this almost offends me.
I am not easily bought like the rest of the drunken people there and I don't expect free stuff.
Of course I didn't get another drink for a while after that but that's why I left $2 for my over $40 tab.
Some might think it is rude but what are you really tipping those people for?
More people tip better at the bar than at a restaurant... Who is doing more work?
A server?
or some person who literally makes 3 movements to hand you something...
Probably do not plan on returning to this place unless there is minimal people.

Great hang out the night before the Nebraska game to get away from the football party scene.
A cool, comfortable lounge great for cocktails and conversation.

My overall favorite bar in Madison.
If anyone lives in Madison they know that downtown is a majority of college aged kids and the west side is where the 25-35 range are.
The problem with the west side is that it is very hit or miss as far as crowd.
The nice part of the Blue Velvet is that it does attract college aged kids, but also has a good mix of a bit older and makes for a very enjoyable atmosphere.
The bartenders and staff are all very pleasant and the drinks are all strong.
Never had an issue as far as service goes.
They have a lot of drinks exclusive to their venue as well.
You can get a vodka/soda anywhere, but they take the time to figure out new custom drinks that are always fun to try.
I would definitely recommend this place highly.

Friendliest bartenders and best martinis in Madison

If you like sausages, EDM and the smell of bleach, this place is for you!
Trying way too hard to be swank in a town much better suited to chill lounge.
The only good thing is that I discovered Ami's next door.

