Truely wounderful resturant.
Great steaks and fish and a good price for the quality of food they provide.
The service is terrific and they are great with children.
One of our favorites.

We arrived at 6:30 put our names in because of a 45 minute wait.
Which was odd because of so many open tables.
Upon putting or names in we went to the bar for something to drink and we were completely ignored by the bartenders for 15 minutes.
Once we finally received drinks we sat out on the patio area to wait.
At 7:15 we received our table.
The waiter brought us water right away, then came back 5 minutes later to take our order.
An hour later, at 8:15 we finally revived our salads.
Finally at about 9:00 we had had enough, after over an hour and a half of waiting for our meal while everyone else around us was being seated, served, and eating.
Anytime we brought it to there attention they kept making excuses.
Enough was enough, for such a staple in the area you would think they would be much more service friendly.
I have heard the food is great, but i couldn't tell ya.

I was very pleased about the haddock ( fried).
It was done just right.
The service was excellent.
There was a 40 minute wait on Friday night.
We arrived at 7pm.
The coffee was excellent.
I really like the down home atmosphere.

We recently moved to Lake Kegonsa and have eaten here 4 or 5 times.
The fish fry is great and you can't beat their old fashioned.
Twice we sat in the dining room and twice in the bar area.
We've gone over on our boat twice as well and the floating dock had good cleats and the water was deep enough for our inboard boat.
We will be back quite a bit and have not had anything we didn't.
The potstickers and cheese curds are great as well as the steak sandwich.

This place has completely gone south.
We've been eating here several times per month for 8-10 years and won't go again.
The great service is gone, and the food is awful.
This used to be our favorite restaurant, and we'd always ask family for gift certificates as a Christmas present.
Shame; this used to be a really great place to eat.

The quintessential Wisconsin supper club.
All the standards with a real step up in quality.
Start with the brandy Old Fashion and sit down to a superb fish fry.
From the homemade bread proceed to a nicely spiced coleslaw.
We tried the baked haddock and the fried bluegill.
Delicate fish cooked very well.
Not too much batter or spice.
The horseradish mashed potatoes were good, but be sure to try the Parmesan potato cake.
By the end there was no room for dessert so you are on your own.
Give this classic a try!

Some times the unexpected happens.
We were expecting an ordinary fish fry, what we got was a very good fish meal,very good service and an atmosphere that was very pleasing.
Cloth table cloths, need I say more.

