michaelangelos became my favorite coffeeshop in all of madison after cafe assisi left (THAT was the best coffeeshop ever).
they wooed me in with their grasshopper mocha, and i was theirs.
it's good coffee, good people, in a good location.
easily 5 stars.

Great coffee and free wi-fi make this little coffeehouse downtown a good base from which to explore downtown Madison.
Big comfortable chairs welcomed this weary out-of-towner.

This is the coffee shop I staggered into when it was 20 below and I just couldn't make it all the way down State Street to Fair Trade.
My favorite things about Michelangelo's are their toasty Chai lattes and the gorgeous artistic re-renderings of Michelangelo's drawings and paintings.
Honestly, whoever created the murals in this place is amazing.
Half the time I was in here to "study" I ended up zoning out with my iPod, studying the wall art instead of econ (fine by me!
)  The service is quick and friendly and the prices are good as well.
A great stop after a show at the Orpheum or post-Farmer's Market browsing around Capitol Square.

SUPPORT THE LITTLE GUY!
Coffeehouse right across from the Capitol, on the top block of State Street.
Yes I know many of you drink java elsewhere, but if you are near the capitol, go here for coffee as it's good to support the independent coffeehouses.
Nice local vibe, clearinghouse for arts and music happenings, nice friendly staff.
Down with Starbucks.
Go HERE.

A gigantic reason why I do not frequent this establishment more often is that everyone does.
It's no secret that Michelangelos is a swell intimate coffee establishment with kick-ass coffee, sandwiches, and baked goods.
I adore the selection of board games to play when you and your study-friend need a break from staring at a screen/book.
The only bad is that it is regularly crowded, (at times) hard to get a table, and outlets tend to always be at a premium.
(come early and bring a power strip!

I totally love this place!
I used to work nearby and always loved to visit for an afternoon break.
I'm not a coffee drinker but there's plenty other things that are mighty tasty (smoothies, tea, hot chocolate).
Also, the bakery is amazing!
A cool place to hang out when you need a break from State Street or farmer's market shopping.

I really love their black bean soup and the grilled baguette piece that comes with it.
I know it's a coffee shop, and I can't say I ever had a bad cup there.
But the black bean soup was the stuff that consistently hit the spot.

Decent coffee.
Pretty nice place.
I like the "back space" they have - it's usually crowded with student who wants to read book or work on homework in a relaxed setting.
Bring cash; they don't take credit card.
There is a ATM machine inside if you don't mind withdrawing your money with $2 fee.
By the way, the barista guy is so hot.

I love Michaelangelo's.
Somehow, even when it's busy and crowded, it doesn't FEEL busy and crowded.
I love that they have board games for you to play (I've played the game of Life here at least once).
This is also a great place to grab a coffee to-go for the Farmer's Market!

I totally dig this place.
It's a great location to pop into before a trip around the square at the Farmers Market.
I love the Chai Charger(Chai with a shot of espresso), and the pressed mozzerella sandwich is the bomb.
Before lunch at Teddywedgers one day, I did get an iced green tea there that tasted like Saran Wrap, though.
Not too tasty, but I'm forgiving.

I'm not big on coffee shops, but if I lived by this one I could possibly change my tune.
The sandwiches were good (ended up there twice...once in the afternoon for lunch sandwiches and once for breakfast sandwiches) and I also enjoyed how they all ended up being flat when heated.
Self-service water cooler by the coffee fixins was also a plus in my book.
Bonus - not only do they have free wi-fi, but they also have 1 computer for customer use.
So if you happen to be in Madison and on a Sunday morning and don't have a laptop and need to change your fantasy football lineup, this place makes it happen.

I came here for a few relaxing hours and I got it.
I liked my drink, but I liked the atmosphere more.
I loved that they had board games, especially scrabble.
I am very glad the nice people at the counter lent us a pen for tallying the score.
I also appreciated the diverse crowd.
Very nice place and I'd love to come back.

Needed some coffee after the Farmer's Market, and this place was good.
I had some iced coffee-(I wish they had a bigger large-they only had one size).
The place was cute, but we took it to go, so didn't stay.
The baked goods looked amazing, but we had already bought some pastries earlier that morning.
All in all, it fit the bill.

Awesome place.
Hang out here almost everyday.
The staff are all really nice and remember what I order.
They have free wifi which makes for long stays :)

This is the place to go for a good coffee and some bakery when strolling the farmers market!
The back seating area is full of art from local artists, very nice!
If you can muscle some of the regulars out of the front section and get a spot, this is primo people watching and studying area!
The free WI-FI isn't bad either!

Michelangelo's reminds me of my family's old boxy Volvo 240 DL--not the greatest, but warm, safe and reliable.
The space is cozy and the staff is friendly.
The best thing is I can always find a table, which can't be said about Barriques or even at its sister shop Fair Trade.
On the downside, the coffee is just average, my latte tasted like watery hot milk, and the sandwiches are overpriced (even in New York I'd get more than one slice of provolone and one slice of ham for $5).
But when I just need to comfortably get some work done, Michelangelos somehow ends up as my default spot.

I read the rave reviews about the chai and was not disappointed!
I got mine on ice and it was delicious.
There were lots of places to sit, lots of outlets to plug in your electronic devices, and free wifi, or you can just zone out and look at the artwork...or the cute barista.
I'll be back for the chai, and maybe some food next time.

Coffee here is great and they have a ton of drink selections.
Don't come here on a super hot day though, I'm not sure they believe in air conditioning.

We had such a cozy late morning breakfast here.
Hubby and I each had an egg and cheese panini style breakfast sandwich, which was oh so good after a night of drinking.
My almond mocha was fantastic.
We stayed in the back room, away from the hustle and bustle, and sipped our coffee drinks while we read for over an hour.
This is a great meeting spot for friends and family or your weekend book club.

Super friendly staff, great atmosphere, free wifi.
If I lived in Madison this would be my home away from home.

Very creamy & very chocolatey hot chocolate, served at a drinkable temperature.
For that last trait alone, they get four stars.
Hot chocolate tastes so much better when you don't burn your tongue numb with the first sip.
Bonus points for pricing their items with tax included in nice, easy numbers.
No fumbling to come up with $2.87 here - I didn't even have to take off my gloves while stopping in to grab a drink on my way elsewhere.

This place was lovely!
We were greeted by the staff as soon as we came in.
The pastries (I had a croissant, my sister had a scone) were delicious.
The coffee was also quite awesome.
I drank two cups of the dark roast and was pleased to find out that a refill was only $1.
I liked the ambiance and atmosphere of the seating area.
It felt very comfortable and it wasn't so crowded that it felt like we were on top of the other patrons.
I'd definitely recommend this place!

Staff is always friendly.
Great local roasts, a selecttion of fresh baked goods including some delicious desserts .
A variety of seating to suit you and/or your group.
Free Wi-fi internet.

Stopped by here one early morning and was really unimpressed by the slow and half-hearted service.
I asked for a toasted bagel with cream cheese on it and they handed me an untoasted bagel with a plastic knife and a tiny cup of shitty generic cream cheese.
It was nothing special; I've had better bagels even at Einstein's, and they cost half as much.
Coffee was decent, but is stocked at many other coffee shops throughout the city, giving me no incentive to pick Michaelangelo's over anywhere else.

We stop here a lot because of it's location during the Wisconsin Film Festival.
As far as coffee shops go I don't enjoy my stay here that much.
It is something about the layout I think.
Our coffee has always been just so-so which kind of disappoints me because I really want to like this place.
But I don't.
We will be back again for the film fest so I will come back here to update if we have a different experience.

I've been here almost every day for the past three days working on a final paper with someone as this is her preferred coffee shop.
And generally: meh.
The pastries are good and the Italian soda is OK.
Nothing phenomenal.
It's a little loud for my tastes and many of the tables are very close together.
For me, it's the environment that really quells my appreciation for what it is.
While it's cool and all that some girl decided to get super high and tell her friend about how she tried to accost some stranger in an elevator for a threesome, I don't really want to hear about it, you know?
And it's neat that you can hear people speaking different languages here, but I just like quieter places to work.
That, and not taking credit is kind of a bummer for someone like me who prefers to limit cash on hand.

Wandering around Madison after a day of brewpubs, I was in the mood for some dessert and coffee.
I found just that at Michelangelos Coffee House.
We were looking at the dessert case and my wife spotted the super chocolate cake.
The guy helping us immediately suggested that it was probably big enough for sharing.
I appreciated that he wasn't trying to upsell us.
I also liked that I was able to order two black coffees without having to use any pseudo Latin or Italian.
Nobody made me feel ignorant for not being a regular.
I had the dark roast and my wife had the medium roast.
They were both good, but I did prefer the bigger taste of the dark.
They don't take credit cards which can be a hassle, but I generally carry enough cash to handle coffee and dessert.
I did watch as some younger people struggled with the ATM machine.
Unable to get it to work with their card, they actually went somewhere else to get cash and then came back.
While eating the chocolate cake we sat at one of the small tables and chatted.
There were a few other patrons reading and working on laptops around us, but it wasn't crowded.
After finishing our cake we moved to a corner with comfy armchairs and a fish tank to finish our coffee.
Michelangelos Coffee House was a nice way to end an evening in Madison.
I wish I had a place like this in my town, but sadly I live in the land of Dunkin Donuts.
I would definitely enjoy another cup of coffee and a pastry here if I was in the area.

The cap was delish.
the barista who made my drink was a rude bitch.
If I was an asshole I'd taker dollar back.

Nice selection of coffees in the downtown area close to the capitol.
Nice relaxing atmosphere!

Probably the WORST chai I've ever had in my life.
It was so watered down, it was despicable.
I only gave it two stars because the toffee s'mores brownie I had was pretty decent.
No air conditioning.
The day I went was like 90 degrees so um yeah.
Pretty nasty.

Ever wonder who started the fair trade coffee brigade?
Well Michelangelo's is one of the first!
This place is truly for the coffee purist.
If you don't want your palate muddled by milky add ins and pumps of sugar, you will be pleased that Michelangelo's offers coffee imported from gosh darn every continent you can think of.
But you can sure pick from a bunch of other sweet coffee drinks too!
Tea drinkers don't stray away.
You can fill your tea cup with all sorts of white, black, or green teas.
Extra seating in the back allows you and your hunny bunny to snuggle up and sip on your brews in privacy.
Keep your eyes open.
This place is so close to the capitol, you might stumble upon a politician!

Flies!!
Everywhere!!
Enough that it does not make me feel like this is an anomaly this morning.
Not a relaxing experience when those mf'ers are up in my face.
Would be understandable/acceptable if we were in a tropical climate.
We are in Madison, WI.
2 stars only bc people seem nice and ambiance (sans flies) is nice.

A fair trade coffeehouse near the Capitol on State Street.
I'm torn on my opinions of this place.
I love coffee shops with comfy armchairs and lamps, and the art on the walls is beautiful.The wi-fi is free and doesn't require a password, and they have creative specialty drinks.
However, the turkey and swiss panini sandwich I tried was of low quality, especially the Oscar Meyer-like turkey slices, and the apple strudel pastry was soggy.
My chai was okay but weak.
They only take cash and check, but at least there's a handy ATM inside.
And yes, there are persistent, annoying flies.
Enough to really bother me while I was eating and studying.
Maybe I'll try this place again in winter and see if the fly problem and food have improved...

What is it about this place?
Did I fall in love here?
Did I make some great life choices here?
Am I nostalgic?
It's that last one.
As a child, I remember watching my mother put together her own cafe au lait with two pitchers, one of coffee and the other of milk, pouring them at the same time while I had a delicious carmel waffle.
This is a home, a place for creatives to do there thing, relax and be damn sexy.
The coffee is quality, the wifi is free, the art is on the walls.
It doesn't take much to flip it in your mind to being a grungy/stale shop, because the food is terrible.
But you came here for coffee, right?

Michelangelos became my coffeeshop of choice while conferencing at the Madison Concourse Hotel next door.
While I didn't try any of the fancy coffee drinks, the regular house blend and dark roast coffees were great.
Their pastry selection seemed fantastic - I tried the raspberry cream cheese croissant, and it was still warm and delicious.
I think I actually "mmmm"ed aloud.
On another visit, I also tried the cheddar and egg croissant sandwich -- it seemed a *little* overpriced, but they heated it up for me, and it was a perfect breakfast on a chilly November morning.
Nice people, nice local place, and a great spot to get some work done.
Four solid stars.
Note: $4 credit card minimum, but as long as you get more than plain coffee, you'll probably reach that anyway.

I had a couple of hours to spare in between meeting up with friends, so I grabbed myself a cup of hot coffee, sat in the back room, and read: highlight of my week.
That's what I like most about Michelango's - the atmosphere and space.
The coffee is supposedly better, too, because it is Fair Trade coffee.
I also appreciate the creamer situation.
They keep two-gallon jugs of skim and 2% milk, along with half-and-half, in a cooler that you help yourself to.
They aren't throwing away extra creamer at the end of each day because it's been sitting out on the counter in a fancy container.
The staff is working hard but the urgency is much less.
They pride themselves more in good product than how quickly they can pump out five lattes.
They give you a chance to stop and take a breath.
Look at the local art on the walls, people watch, or maybe talk to the next person waiting for their coffee.
I always go here when I need a little break from life.
Michelangelo's has two entrances; the one off State Street is the main/where to order entrance.
It's a good-sized space with plenty of tables, chairs, armchairs, and couches to sit.
The back room is where I always head.
It's quieter and feels like a private room.
The second entrance is located here, which I think of as the Diagon Alley entrance.

First timer this week - excellent coffee, friendly staff, excellent alternative to chain coffee shops.
Location is on State St, a 1/2 block from the capitol; back entrance faces the Concourse Hotel.
Will return next time I'm in the nearby.

One of the best cafes in all of Madison.
I can't believe it took me so long to discover this place.
The staff is lovely, the music is good, the coffee is really good, and the food is pretty yummy too.
But the best part about this place is the atmosphere.
It's always rather lively and you're likely to overhear someone being tutored in another language, or meeting with a foreign student for a language exchange.
It's just a really great place to be, and this will forever be my number one choice to study, read, or just hang out and get a cup of coffee downtown.

One of my all-time favorite downtown Madison coffee shops.
I've never tried their coffee, but the chai is delicious--just the right blend of sweet and spicy.
The place itself is nice and big, so you shouldn't have to worry about finding a spot to sit down, whether you're just stopping by for a quick coffee date or you're settling in for an 8-hour, back-to-back paper-writing marathon (no seriously, I did that one or...five times.
*eye twitch*).
Also, THE OUTLETS.
I have yet to find another coffee shop on State that has the abundance of outlets that Michelangelo's does.
This adds to the homeworkability of this place.
The music is nice; never intrusively loud, but it keeps the comfy atmosphere going.
The counter folk are always very nice and friendly (why thank you, Shaggy Blonde Barista Man, I also like my earrings!
) and the baked goods are fresh and tasty.
And they take credit cards now ($4 minimum)!

Accepting credit cards for $4 and more!
It's a beautiful day in da neighborhood.

A beautifully-decorated coffee shop with lots of tables and chairs to relax in.
Their coffee is very reasonably-priced (cheaper than most coffee shop chains).
I tried a chocolate croissant and it was delicious.
It tasted fresh, rather than tasting like it had been sitting in a refrigerator for days on end.
I definitely will make this a regular spot to grab coffee and study.

I stopped by here a couple of Saturdays ago with my fiance for an afternoon pick me up and a break from the hot sun outside.
Due to that I decided to order an iced Americano while my fiance went with an iced tea.
As we were waiting for our drinks I took the time to look around and noticed that the coffee shop was a lot larger than I had expected from the front with a bunch of tables near the front followed by an area with a couple of padded chairs in an alcove.
Luckily for us, as we were getting our drinks the padded chairs opened up and we were able to snag them.
My iced Americano actually tasted pretty good and may be the best that I have had iced.
The beans were mellow but still had a good taste to them with none of the bitterness that I normally get whenever I ask for it iced.
While we were sitting down enjoying our drinks I finally started to notice and appreciate the coffee based art on the walls.
My favorite of which was a play of Michelangelo's "The Creation" only instead of having fingers touching they were passing a cup of coffee.
It was the perfect painting for a coffee shop sharing the artists name!
The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.
The coffee is good and the shop comforting while also have some pretty cool art.

I'm disappointed and conflicted.
Two stars feels a bit harsh, but three is too much.
I ordered an egg/cheese/croissant sandwich and a small normal coffee.
It cost over $8.
That's some crazy profit margin going on, but I get it; they gotta pay rent & employees & whatnots.
The barista didn't give me my coffee until I asked for it, but upgraded me to a medium as an apology which was cool.
The sandwich was not worth the price (about $6 after tax) It was grilled too long and came out a bit burned.
The "egg" was the frozen "egg" patty variety that had a weird texture and tasted like fridge.
The cheese was a slice of "mystery processed-cheese-food".
The whole thing tasted like fridge, grease and salt.
I had two  bites and tossed the rest.
I'd hoped this would be a good place to get lunch while between classes at the Tech because it's across the street from campus, but I guess I'll have to venture further out to find decent food.

Yes!
Somewhere with non-watered down ice coffee!
It's definitely a rare treat for me when I order an ice coffee that doesn't end up tasting like coffee-flavored water with ice.
I do realize that if I wanted that, I shouldn't be ordering an iced coffee, but I do what I want.
Anyways, with a good selection of coffee and teas, you will surely be caffeinated enough to crank through that 10 page paper due 5 hours ago.
There's a fair amount of seating, including a back section that I just recently discovered.
The seats are pretty close to each other though, so prepare to get comfy with whomever you're with.

Excellent coffee and pastries.
Fun place to chill and wifi out.
The atmosphere is artsy and colorful.
The furniture is comfortable.
Great  place.

Date of visit: 11.10.2013  The future wiffy and I stepped in here prior to her doing the Madison Half Marathon, mainly because we had to use the bathroom.
I try not to be one of "those people" who just comes in to use the facilities without buying anything, so I ordered an iced coffee.
Categorically:  Location: 5 out of 5 Close to the capital and capitol (yes, BOTH, omglolzcatz) - the location on State Street is prime and quaint.
As an added bonus, several bars are around the corner, including the Capital Tap Haus.
Customer Service: 3 out of 5 This is just a personal observation, but I found one of the people that worked there to be overly pretentious.
Yes, I get the fact that it's for all intents and purposes, a higher class coffee house than the neighborhood Sbux, but when you serve hot chocolate to kids under 10 years old (not my kids, but ones in line), there's probably not a reason to pronounce it "hot sho ko lad", (remember the scene in "I Love You Man" where Paul Rudd and Jason Segel go back and forth?).
Now, if the "sho ko lad" man were actually French and just had a French accent, I'd have nothing to say.
But no - he had the flat Midwestern, slightly Wisco "twang" accent that I've come to adopt.
I mean, this guy almost exuded the same type of top hipster self righteousness that the Intelligentsia Coffee on Jackson and Dearborn have, but luckily when he gave me my iced coffee, he just said, "Here's your iced coffee, have a nice day" instead of "Here's your iced Kah Fay...bonjour to you, good sir".
Everyone else there seemed really nice and down to earth, so maybe in the end things work themselves out.
Quality of Iced Coffee: 5 out of 5 Perhaps the best glass of iced coffee I've ever had - the blend they used had hints of "sho ko lod" and citrus, and it was brewed at just the right strength.
Definitely not watery, and it wasn't the overbearing BAZIIIIINGGGGGA strength and burnt flavor that Sbux sometimes, err, always uses.
And here's the kicker - even if I bought the beans and was told the proportion to use, I probably wouldn't be able to replicate that singular wonderful taste that I had here.
Decor and Ambiance: 5 out of 5 Super cute interior with tiled mosaics, a painting depicting the touch of God with a cup of coffee, and a few other very nicely done works on the walls.
The chalkboard menu looked amazing - and it was clear that people there really took the time and resources to just make it look nice.
A lack of soft comfy sofas and booths probably makes it less amenable to people camping out there all day, so the wooden chairs and tables probably do the trick.
Value: 4 out of 5 I've probably paid a little more, and I've probably paid a little less, for the same volume of iced coffee.
I don't recall thinking, "Oh wow...this is cheap!
" and I definitely don't remember thinking, "Holy crap...I just got robbed by the hot sho ko lad man!
"    Overall: 4 out of 5 Strong 4 star experience.
Will return when I'm back in Madison.

This place deserves a four and a half star review but unfortunately there is no option to give it that.
There is a very large choice of food and rink options.
Food: paninis, bakery goods, chili and sandwiches (probably more that I didn't see).
Drinks: coffee, tea, italian soda, speciality coffee and speciality tea.
I got the monkey mocha and love it!!
So delicious.
The ambiance and decor is really great with a bunch of tables and couches open for a late Saturday morning.
Plus, the added indie music and a fish tank as a bonus.
Also, there are outlets!
The location is perfect, right on state street near the Capitol.
Unlike some of the other reviews, I experienced welcoming and hospitable customer service.
They weren't overly smilie but they were really helpful!
I debunked it a star because of the price.
A total of two short specialty coffees (one with almond milk) came to roughly under $10.
But it's well worth the price!
Very strong four star experience to say the least

Apple pie, even cold, is wonderful.
Nice taste of cinnamon, and a flaky sugar crust.
Apples have own sweetness and each bite  is a celebration of  flavor.

Michaelangelo's.... there's something about you.
First, it's your location, it's just right off the overture center.
Pretty near from my apartment.
If I need some quick fix of caffeine, it's you or Fair Trade.
Good location.
Next, it's your coffee.
I always like your mocha.
I am a no expert of coffee, but I like your Mocha.
Always.
On top of that, you have a variety of sandwiches (which are very similar to Fair trade, your twin?
your sister?
), pastries and cookies.
I tried some of them and particularly like your chocolate au pain- good companion for my mocha.
Next time, I'll come and stay longer to devour other stuff of yours.
BTW, I know you're being cautious, but locking the restroom is a little bit too much.
It's inconvenient to always ask the key from the staff whenever we need to use the latrine.
Students staying for hours at your coffee shop may need to use it more than once.
It is a little embarrassing to keep asking for the key as needed.
Will it be better to unlock it?
I know other cafes don't do that and it's my first time having this experience in Madison.
I've experienced other cities, but not Madison.
Just my two cents.
I still like you.

Two disclaimers: If I could give 3.5 stars I likely would.
I only sampled their coffee.
Had a tall dark cafe au lait and it was outstanding.
Among the best I have ever had.
This place has a nice artsy vibe in a sunny spot.
And the service is top notch.
My complaints, the non-leather comfy couches in the back are filthy.
The leather once seem to fare much better.
It'd be worth it to ditch the gritty chairs and go all leather seats.
Also, the locked bathrooms are a big big drag.
Quite frankly, it's enough to keep me from being a regular.

This is my coffee place of choice.
The staff:  Always friendly and seem happy, even when they are getting absolutely destroyed by the crowds at any number of large events that take place on State or the Capital.
They knuckle down and crank out delicious coffees and teas, fast!
I am always greeted like an old friend, and I have come to think of them as such.
My favorite coffee treat is a "Turtle Mocha," latte, with an extra shot and half the syrup.
(Otherwise its a bit too sweet for my taste) I look forward to it as a weekly bonus to myself.
Even their straight up coffee is wonderful, and doesn't have that burnt over-roasted Starbucks flavor or the insufferable pretentiousness and long lines of Collectivo.
Their pastries are yummy and fresh, and I hear their sandwiches are good too, though I have not tried it.
Decor- Old school coffee house cafe charm, keeping to the "Michelangelo" art theme, they have some great renditions of his work on the walls by local artists.
It's not a huge place, but I can usually find a seat in a comfy chair somewhere if I want to hang out.
I just love these guys.
Thanks for putting up with all of us, Michelangelo's.
We appreciate you and your hard work.
Keeping Madison caffeinated is a never ending job.
Thank you.

Loved this place.
Came to a reading here, which they hosted in their back room.
No coffee police in sight to make sure everyone spent money, so I thought I'd get coffee.
i don't like to be pressured to order when I go someplace; it makes me not want to order anything.
The staff are super friendly and welcoming.
They remembered me and my drink the second time I came in, and I don't live here.
I did order a specialty drink not on their menu: a soy latte with two ristretto shots.
they were totally willing to make it.
oh no, have I become a coffee snob since I moved to Seattle?
though they had never heard of ristretto shots, they listened and made them accordingly.
Adventurous baristas rock!
Maybe this will start a new trend in Madison!
While the latte I ordered didn't have the artistic flair that Seattle baristas take pride in (they really do make hearts, spirals, and flowers in the foam), I am more interested in great tasting coffee made the way I like it.
Good coffee, organic, fair trade are musts for me, and michelangelo's makes the mark.
Clean rooms, plenty of comfortable easy chairs, and a casual, laid back atmosphere to sit and talk and enjoy my latte topped off my experience.
The only things missing were hemp milk for my latte and some vegan gluten free sandwiches or other meal options.
I would take off just half a star for this if I could.
Since most cafes I've been to outside the Seattle area don't have vegan gluten free anything, I'm not terribly disappointed.
Maybe they'll have more on the menu next time I'm in town... if they add a few options for me to their menu, I'll raise my rating to 5 stars.

In Madison for the week for work and staying on Capitol Square.
I've visited Michelangelo every morning for their coffee and egg and cheese sandwich.
Although it's not the freshest sandwich, it still hits the spot...
Very hearty and filling; really powers the day ahead.
The sandwiches are pre-made, which is a turn off, yet pretty delicious.
I've had both the bagel and the croissant "egg-wich" and both satisfied.
Perhaps before I leave Madison I'll try the lunchtime sandwiches or maybe a pastry...

I actually meant to head to Fair Trade Coffee, but I think I had my map of State Street reversed in my mind, because instead of heading towards campus, I was actually heading towards the Capitol.
Long story short, Michelangelo's was the last coffee shop on State before I hit the Capitol, so I decided to pop in and grab a coffee and quick breakfast before starting my day.
I ordered a dirty chai latte, which, at Michelangelo's, is called a 'chai charger'.
I've had it before, and I don't remember it leaving any particular impression, good or bad...you can take that as you will.
They also have day old pastries that they sell for 50% off (!!!
), wrapped up in seran wrap on the counter.
I was craving something sweet that day and I grabbed a chocolate croissant (or pain au chocolate, if you want to get really technical).
It definitely hit the spot - and honestly, I couldn't even tell that it was a day old!

