I used to live right down the street from this particular location of the local chain.
I was newly single, in a new place, and really, the last thing I wanted to do some night was stay at home.
Well, my house wasn't exactly anything close to being central, and there weren't a lot of other options if I didn't want to make the trek 'into the city,' so I ended up  here a lot.
It's just a little restaurant and pub comparable to PT's and the like, but I always liked it a little better.
First of all, as a restaurant they serve up traditional American food and do it well.
It's not legendary fare, but their breakfasts are great and they do bar food (wings, nachos, fries, etc.
) as well as can be asked.
Their barkeeps are quick and friendly and drinks are reasonably priced.
They've got a few different game options and a pool table, and the place is always comfortable and clean.
It's nothing to make a trek out for, but if you're in the area it's one of your better choices for food/drinks.

Excellent club sandwich!
My dad and sister meet here somewhat often for brunch on Sundays so, of course, I join them if I'm in town.
(Yes, it's a little weird being at a pub at 10:30am on a Sunday, but hey-- it's Vegas, baby!
) The service is usually good.
I tried my dad's patty melt and it was really good.
My mom was happy with her clubhouse omelette.
My only complaint is that the bathroom is defunct.
The sinks are barely a dribble when turned to full-power so it takes 10 minutes to wash your hands thoroughly.
A decent bar-food venue.
Update 12/27/07: WooHOO!
They fixed the sinks, they fixed the sinks!
Now if only they would chill with the morning rap music blaring in the restroom...

My roommate and I got coupons in the mail for a free pitcher of beer and thats the reason we decided to go here in the first place.
This place is awesome!
The service was amazing, the food was great and the overall atmosphere was enjoyable!!!!!!
We liked it so much we decided to go back the next day without free beer coupons!!!!

Eh, if you're looking for a cheap, greasy breakfast after a long night of drinking, this is the place for you..
Unfortunately for me I was stone cold sober or this place may have gotten 4 or 5 stars out of me!
We tried this place mainly b/c it's right around the corner from us & after getting a late start, we didn't want to drive too far.
Hubby & I both ordered just the basic breakfast.. 2 eggs, bacon & hasbrowns.
The food was sitting in so much grease, especially under the hasbrowns which I barely touched b/c along with being too greasy, they tasted like they were made a day or two before & then reheated on the flat top.
The bacon was more like beef jerky than bacon, really tough & also had a reheated taste to it as well.
It certainly wasn't fresh bacon.
My stomach started protesting about my meal as we were leaving.
Service was fine but I'm not eating out just for good service, I prefer good food as well.
Also, even though the sign at the front said it was a "non-smoking establishment" or something along those lines, the place reeked like ciggie smoke.
Bleh!

After a tough workout at the gym, I was craving for crispy chicken tenders *shrugs*.
Since Timbers was right around the corner, we decided to try out their bar food.
So on the menu, it reads "Voted Best Bar Food in Las Vegas," I was hopeful.
We ordered crispy chicken tenders and fries, and also a bowl of chili which comes w/flat bread.
We wanted clam chowder, but it was only on Fridays, and they ran out of soup.
When the food came out, the plate of chicken tenders was huge.
5 big pieces of tender, 2 carrot sticks, 2 celery sticks, and a pile of medium size, whitish fries.
There were 2 pcs of flat bread that accompanied the bowl of chili.
Chicken tenders and fries:  NO BUENO.
They were heavily battered and kinda salty.
I can still taste the salt on my tongue as I am writing this review (bleh, MUST....DRINK...H2O).
The fries were undercooked.
I could taste the grittiness of the potatoes.
Bowl of Chili:  Blah Blah Blah.
The flatbread was cold and hard.
Not worth a penny.
I will not come here for bar food...actually, I will not come back for anything!
Eek!

This place was pretty chill.
A bunch of us went on a weekday night to just hang out and relax.
We played pool and had some drinks (none of us ate, though i want to return and try their food).
Our server was very nice and speedy, the bartender I first interacted with upon arriving there was a little rude, but, nothing that obnoxious.
Drinks were well priced and were decent in strength.
Great selection of draft beers.

Came here with a bunch of friends from school  for drinks on a Wednesday night.
Bar/lounge review only:  The Good: - cheap, tasty mixed drinks - $4 for a glass of Blue Moon :)  - laid-back vibe - swanky and comfortable seats situated in the corner for those who are inebriated and therefore cannot stand (I am guilty).
- two pool tables -plenty of seating -the place was EMPTY, as it was a Wednesday night.
-video blackjack/poker at the bar -friendly and attentive bartenders  The So-So: - It was empty, as it was a Wednesday night.
Wait..
I said that already.
The Bad: - Nothing!
You can't really f*ck up a night (especially with good company) at the bar.
Overall, this was a great hang-out spot for drinks and for chillaxing.
I had fun and would come back again.

$50 in play and I had to pay full price for my 2 beers.
Super lame.
It sucks, because I actually like this place.
You can't swing a dead cat in this town without hitting a local bar willing to comp for play..

This is my local pub and I go in to watch football every Sunday.
It is exactly what you would expect when entering a bar/pub.
There are TV's everywhere, a decent selection of bar food, pool tables, a few arcade games and plenty of seating for video poker.
The main reason why I have ranked them with 4 stars is due to the staff.
The bartenders and servers are all super nice and attentive.
Most of them have worked there for a long time so they know a lot of the patrons.
Overall this is a just a nice neighborhood hang out and I would recommend stopping by.

breakfast for lunch.... had the french toast.
Great service, and very tasty food!

Food was good bar food.
Had the wings and the nachos.
Service was horrible.
The bartender had to pickup the slack for our worthless waitress.

It was just ok.
I've had better bar food.
I'd rather go to Balboa's for sure.
Our service was absolutely horrible.
There weren't that many people in the bar and she only stopped by our table once.
I wouldn't recommend it since there are other 24 hour places open in Henderson.

3.5 stars  A strong option for when looking for a local place to drink and grab a bite!
I came here with coworkers in desperate need of some drinks and this place delivered.
The food is basic, but good.
Also, the cushy, comfortable chairs were awesome to sink into after a long day on my feet.
The decor is so much nicer here than the one on Gibson.
If I had to choose one it would be this one every time.
But, of course, the smoke is such a killer.
My eyes were killing the whole next day.
And the service was almost TOO attentive.
I felt like they were coming over every 5 minutes to ask if we wanted anything else to drink.
I'd come back here if it's where others wanted to go but probably won't choose it over other options because of the smoke.

I like this place.
The food is good, but they need to update the menu.
The wings are great!
They are big, not tiny sparrow wings like most places serve.
They also have killer cheesy artichoke dip!
YUM.
I love Connie the grave bartender, she is always nice, and kind.
Very attentive.
Machines are tight, but go for the food.

The food is BAD, even for bar food.
I'd rather go to any number of other Bars in the area to eat.
The service is Also BAD, another problem.
Dining area was almost empty and we had to constantly look for our waitress.
I wouldn't recommend it, too many other better options.

Great new menu!!
I had the new 'Peanut Butter Burger'...really good even though it sounds a little weird.
The burgers are hand-made and really juicy...fresh bun...and just enough peanut butter to make the flavor different/fun.
I hear the slides and the meatball app.
are amazing too.

Everything about this place is great!
The atmosphere is comfortable and fun.
The staff is friendly and responsive (especially Allen).
The menu has great variety and I haven't tried anything that wasn't delicious.
On top of all that, the prices are low, making it a perfect place to hang out and watch football on the weekend.

It's our favorite bar!
We come here for happy hour, brunch and everything in between!
Our most favorite waitress ever works here - Ask for Kamie!
Always keeps your drinks full & smiles on your face...Tell her J & V sent you....Her favorite lesbian couple.
We love the chips & spinach & cheese dip...the breakfast is always amazing!!
This is our place that we love so much!

i love love love this place!!!
Its very spacious and has a rustic decor that reminds me of my home town!
We have been here several times, my review will be for my latest visit for the Seahawks monday night game!
as always you seat yourself and our regular area was wide open so we got our pick of seats.
We showed up before kickoff so we also got $5 off coupons for our bill which was very nice!
our meals: i always have a margarita they are the best ive ever had!
and during football they are only $3 (actually i had two) light and refreshing not a lot of mixer just enough!
we were going to have regular chip nachos but  my fiance wanted to try the potato nachos called irish nachos.
we opted to have the wildfire chili to top them they were delish!
at half time we decided to share a burger and being my fiance was so overwhelmed with the seahawks awesomeness he didnt even look at the menu and said cheese burger!
i was alittle upset i like to try different thinks but i was feeling good (due to margaritas?
)   so i didnt complain.
when it arrived it was thick and juciy and very flavorful you get to pick you bun and cheese for a basic burger i would order again and again!
we will be regulars at timbers its our place!!

drinks are cheap and depending on what shift you go on service can vary.
just a little local spot to get some gambling in.

Hope this helps!
I "Love" Timbers!
Great local spot..
They make the Best Killer Grill Cheese sandwich.The Staff is Awesome!

