I took my 2002 Audi A4 in to get both headlight bulbs replaced.
They took me right away and had the bulbs in stock.
They were very straight forward about the amount of time it would take (~45 minutes) and the price estimate ($125).
I went ahead with the repair because I had no headlights but it seemed pretty steep for just replacing the bulbs.
I haven't had it done at the dealership before so I have no comparison.
Overall they were very straight-forward and friendly.
The repair itself is fine.

I took my friend's Focus in for an oil change and tire rotations.
Total cost with an online coupon was just shy of $28, which was a pretty good deal.
It took a little longer than I expected (close to an hour for an oil change and rotations?!
), but there were no mishaps.
No complaints with the service, although I wish they'd offered free wifi for waiting customers since that seems pretty much standard now-a-days at any dealership/auto repair shop.
Tip: check online for coupons/deals before you head in to save some cash!

I own 2 vehicles and have never been disappointed with the service I receive.
John always answers any questions over the phone and is very friendly in person.
I've taken advantage of the overnight drop off which is very convenient for my schedule as I'm sure it is for them as well.
Great service, great prices, great discounts with coupons printed online.
I'm actually heading there this week for a double oil change and overall checkup.
Thanks guys!
Keep doing what you're doing!

Fast & friendly with great prices and great attitude.
RJ at the front desk let me move my oil change appointment at the last minute, and then tracked down a coupon for me to use when I eventually came in.
It came out to $28, which is great considering I had a $25 oil change groupo at Mad City Sales and it took me 2 weeks to get an appointment there....blegh.
CAR-X let me make a same-day appointment, and it took 40 minutes on a Saturday (AMAZING!).
They even looked at another minor/cosmetic issue with my heat shield and fixed it without charging me anything or keeping me waiting.
Saw some reviews about the lack of wifi.
I guess it would be nice to have wifi, but just bring a book or a magazine and you'll be fine.
I will definitely return.

I brought my car in for a repair, they said they fixed it it wasn't fixed.
I brought it back and they revved my motor and a LOUD bang happened then they sent me on my way.
I had to have it towed to a different shop I didn't trust them at this point.
They junked my motor and are refusing to rebuild or replace my motor.
Now I got to pay a lawyer and sue them for lost wages damages and so on.
A horrible place to bring your car.
Spend a extra few bucks and go somewhere else.
save yourself the headache!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

