Convenient location and good walk-in hours and ostensibly avant-gardeish staff, but I have only ever gotten okay-ish haircuts and my boyfriend ended up looking like a nine-year-old after a trim.

I've been going here for the past several years and have come away happy every single time..
I don't know if its just been good luck or what, but I've gone probably about 7 or so times, and its always been great.
I have long, curlyish hair that can be crazy at times, but they've always given me a stylish cut and taken their time to do a good job.
Also, pause to reflect that it is $15!
For haircuts at "real" places, that's unbelievable!
I just moved to Chicago and I put off getting my hair cut here for months because I was nervous about having someone mess it up and having to pay a lot for it.
I took a risk by going to some hip salon and paid over $40 when in the end it turned out kind of weird anyways..
Overall, I learned my lesson that at least to me its worth waiting for visits back to Madison and just getting my hair cut there!

very nice girls who do a good job for the price.
would definitely go back for the regular trim.

I have been to Nogginz more times than anywhere else in Madison when it comes to hair-related things for one reason: I know they do a good job.
I have never walked out of this place hating how my hair came out; the staff here are excellent at making sure their clients are happy and pleased with the work they do and they take a great amount of pride in the work that they do.
I've also never been turned away because they were "booked" and I've always been able to get a haircut within a half hour of walking in compared to the Aveda Beauty School in East Campus Mall.
Another great thing about this store compared to a few others I've been to--none of the girls have EVER tried shoving products down my throat.
They've asked politely once or twice, but generally back off after that and for that, I'm especially grateful.
The only disappointment I have is that they had to raise the prices.
A woman's haircut used to be $17, but now it's $20 in order to be able to compete with the aforementioned beauty school.
It's a shame, but I'll still keep coming here every time!

I have been going to nogginz on state for 3 years now and I've never walked out unsatisfied.
The staff has always been friendly and up to date with new trends/styles.
I always trust that they will do a good job.

I got my hair done at Nogginz for a few years, and have only stopped going because my stylist there moved to Eau Claire.
The location is great for college students and downtown residents.
As a former west sider, it was a small pain having to fight downtown parking to get there.
For a basic haircut you don't need an appoinment, and if you get there early enough, you can get color without an appointment, though I'd suggest it.
$20 for a hair cut (including shampoo) is a great deal, especially compared to many other salons in the area that charge $30 on up!
I used to get a cut and color for $85, including toner.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable of current styles and trends, something you don't get at fresh-out-of-beauty-school stylists at Cost Cutters.
Only once did I walk out of Nogginz with a cut I didn't like, but that was my fault--I asked for super short and that's what she did.
Another plus about Nogginz--they don't shove product down your throat!
Never ONCE did I have a stylist try and sell me a product, not even a casual "did you need some styling cream today?
"  If you're on State Street and need a good hair cut, check out Nogginz.

I've gotten my hair cut at Nogginz five or six times, and I've been pretty satisfied.
It's a convenient, well-priced, and friendly establishment.
I did get one truly terrible haircut, but that was the exception, not the rule.
I'll be coming back.

Jessi gave me a great haircut on a Saturday afternoon.
I arrived around 1:40pm and got into the chair around 2:15pm.
The wait wasn't too bad--there are comfortable chairs and you can pop out to grab a coffee or whatnot on State.
They don't take appointments.
I brought some pictures and explained the haircut I wanted.
Jessi listened and asked clarifying questions.
She suggested that my hair wasn't quite long enough to pull it off, and instead proposed an intermediate haircut that would clean up my long layers and put me in a good position to get my ideal haircut in a month or so.
I really appreciated her expertise and honesty, as the haircut I suggested would probably have looked busted (haha).
She was friendly and efficient, and the result was great!
Much cuter than it would have been had she not suggested some revisions!
The haircut was $20 and completely exceeded my expectations.
I would highly recommend Nogginz.

I've gone here about a dozen times since moving to Madison in 2006.
I've always been happy with what they've done to my hair.
I can't remember her name, but the woman who cut my hair yesterday was pretty awesome.
She provided good conversation and a good haircut.
I mean, that's all I ever really want.
Nothing worse than having someone with no communicative skill all hacking at your hair.
I need some dialogue!
The price is right, too.
$17 for a (good) men's haircut is perfect.

