They charge very unreasonably on stuff they can think of.
Be careful when you move OUT... document or take a picture of everything, including the vent, sink, faucet, light bulbs, outlets, floors, bath tub, bottom of every doors and windows, etc.
In other words, take a picture of every inch in the apartment when you move out.
Just to make sure that you can't be fooled of false repairs or charges.
For the new renters, be SMART.
Document everything, every issues when you move in.
If during your tenancy, you found some issues, take a picture right away, and take note of the date, including the response date and time.
You will soon know what I mean.
Bottom line... DON'T EVEN TRY TO RENT ANY OF THEIR APARTMENT UNITS, NOT EVEN IF IT'S THE ONLY ONE YOU CAN FIND.
ASK ADVICE FROM THE TENANT RESOURCE CENTER.
THEY HAVE ALL THE COMPLAINTS ABOUT BOARDWALK INVESTMENTS LLC.
If you want to see more of the reviews of Boardwalk, go to this site:   https://plus.google.com/100311691417837093929/about?hl=en#100311691417837093929/about

I've held my tongue for over a year now, but seeing Juniper's review helped me to decide that it's about time I share my horror stories about Boradwalk.
Never in my life have I dealt with such a slippery company.
Despite being nearly 40-years old, responsible, a home owner, and renting one of Boardwalk Investment's "luxury" apartments in Middleton, I experienced all of the same issues as reported both by Yelp users and Google reviewers.
Prior to moving in to my $915/mo 1-bedroom apartment, I was assured in both writing and by verbal agreement that the apartment would be professionally cleaned and "move-in ready.
"  When I arrived to move-in, the apartment was a mess.
Spaghetti sauce stains all over, sticky Gatorade spills in the refrigerator, onion peels in the cabinets, enough of the previous tenant's DNA in the bathroom to recreate a CSI episode (toenails, hair, even dried toothpaste residue in the sink), holes in the walls, dirty carpet, and puke stains in the garage...
I documented my findings with more than 60 photos.
I sent the list and photos to Boardwalk Investments, and got a "so what?
" response.
The $915/mo luxury apartment was dreadfully noisy.
I could literally hear each of my neighbor's personal conversations at all times.
I knew exactly what they were having for dinner each night.
I heard all about their days at work.
I knew what they were planning to do each weekend.
I heard them talking about their investments.
I heard the beeping of their microwave... and much more (use your imagination).
When I called Boardwalk Investments to complain about the noise, I was given the "oh well" response.
After enough complaining, the owner - Scott Faust - came over (alone) to "test" the noise levels.
How the heck one person can assess noise levels while everyone is away is beyond me...
I met him at the apartment to assist with the testing... something that resulted in no resolution.
They never cleared the snow in the driveways or sidewalks.
They claimed that it was my responsibility; the agreement showed otherwise.
When my lease came to an end, I was told that I had to purchase paint to repair the holes in the walls, and that I had to clean the carpets - both of which are illegal... rather than fight for my security deposit, I did it, just so I could be done with them.
Thankfully, I recorded every single move-in issue at check-in with photos and documentation, and I recorded my interactions with Mr. Faust and his assistant, just as a precaution.
Never again.
Never.
I can't think of a worse experience that I have had... some may wish to check with CCAP and Google - try searching for "labarbera-haines v. boardwalk investments" - Boardwalk won the case, but it's an interesting read nonetheless.
(OJ also went free)  One more item that may be of interest - the blog for their administrative person... very entertaining, especially the comments about tenants - just browse through a few entries.
Search for "atypicallyrelevant" and you'll find it.

