There is one thing I get here and it is awesome...THE PANANG CURRY.
Everything else is a drop off ...but the Panang is fantastic.

Too bad you can't hand out NO stars.
This place doesn't even deserve the one I have to click on.
I wouldn't eat here again.
You can't go wrong with ordering fried rice...but you can at Bahn Thai!
The curry went into one hole and came right out the other.
The only reason we stopped here to eat was because I couldn't find the other place on Williamson St.
I've been hearing so much about.
Save your $!

Went here on a recommendation from someone who clearly has never had the kind of Thai food that's so good you may lay down in the road for it.
The food was mediocre, the waiter looked like he was angry and wanted us to die.
The only thing worth mentioning were the potato pockets.
Those were pretty good, but not enough to consider going back.

This is just another Thai place, no different than any other you would go to.
The drab walls are covered with Asian pictures.
The tables are huddled together, each covered with an easily wiped glass top.
The menu is order by number, or, if you prefer, order by mangled Thai.
Unlike a lot of Williamson St., there is nothing here which strikes you as unique.
The wait staff, however, was very helpful and attentive.
There was plenty of water, which is good if you order one of the spicy dishes.
Our order was taken promptly and the check came at the right time.
The food was actually very tasty, if on the mediocre side.
We had crab rangoons, a requirement when dining at a Thai restaurant.
They were a little tough, but not too greasy or overfilled.
For dinner, I had chicken fried rice, a dish that isn't too hard to mess up.
It was very tasty from the first to last bite.
My wife had red curry, and she enjoyed it.
But again, there was nothing special and perhaps a little expensive.
So if you are hungry for Thai and in the area, I would recommend it, but don't go out of your way.

aw, I love Bahn Thai.
the pad woon sen can and should be made vegan.
in fact, they know what the word vegan means.
they're friendly and flexible.
and they deliver!

Ok, I almost felt sorry for the low rating.
I had a good dinner with friends recently.
Have you guys tried their oily, but addictive rose shaped cookies?
The curries my friends ordered were average tasting, but I thought my #35-b was pretty good.
So when in doubt, go for that!

I went back to Bahn Thai for my last meal before I moved back to Chicago.
This time around we tried the vegan curry # 45 (pad prik tao hoo) and it was just really awesome.
# 44 (pad poy sien, vegan, no egg) was great: a little greasy, but still tasted light an was filled with bok choy and other fresh vegetables.
The girl went over each of the items on the menu and cautioned us if something could not be made vegan.
This food is authentic, the staff is knowledgeable (albeit a little slow).
This place is a gem.

I'm surprised iat the low ratings,  I had a very nice lunch here and if it was closer to U-W  would have returned more often.
I went here on a holiday when everything else was closed but it turned out to be no problem at all.
The Thai dishes tasted great and had great desserts.

I've been eating at the East Side Bahn Thai for years, and would concur with both the good and bad reviews I've seen here.
It's always been hit or miss...one time, the best thai I've had, another, truly terrible.
The addition of Sala Thai on the east side has now kept me from Bahn Thai, as Sala is closer and more consistent.

This place is good enough to go back to.
I really enjoyed my dish, although my friends had mixed opinions about theirs.
Good service and mostly good food.
Bahn Thai is worth your time.

If I could, I would give it 3.5 stars.
But there is a shortage of good Thai food in Madison, so compared to the city's other Thai restaurants, this one is pretty good if you order the right thing.
I've had hit-or-miss luck with Bahn Thai.
Sometimes they are right on.
Othertimes it's just pretty boring, bland Thai food.
But I've never had BAD food from here, and I really do like their mango sticky rice.
I like the lap isan (minced chicken) and the Tom Ka Kai soup.
The spring rolls are decent, and they come beautifully prepared.
So I agree -- sometimes the food isn't so hot, but give it another try, and I bet you'll find something you like.

best place in Madison for Thai Food!
I'm writing on behalf of my workplace and my own personal experience.
We ordered a bunch of food for over 100 people and everyone loved it.
Their vegan dishes are perfect for the vegan vegetarians.
I've ordered fried rice for myself a few times now with the 4-star spice rating and it's cooked perfect.
Very spicy, very good.
Definitely recommend this place!

The duck curry is wonderful, with a thick, bright sauce that will make all your taste buds happy.
The spring rolls with house sauce are also good.
The pad thai is better than Sai-Bai Thong, Ha Long Bay, and obviously Vientiane Palace's which mostly tastes like ketchup.
The pad thai is not as good as Thai Noodles though, but that place is in Fitchburg.

Yeah, it's a little on the chintzy side, but the food is good.
The Tom Ka Gai soup is wonderful, citrusy and creamy with just a hint of spice.
I haven't had their curry, but a friend of mine raves about it.
There regular rice, veggies and sauce dishes are as good as any chinese restaurant in town.
Only down side is that their Pad Thai is too sweet and a little ketchupy.
Overall, not a bad place to eat.

Hmm...yummy coconut curry with chicken is defintely one to try here.
This is place has good Thai for Madison.
Another favorite place of mine that has never let me down either in price, service, or quality of food.

Love this place.
Small but cute.
Must order items, appertizer chicken wings, pat Thai noodles  and yellow/ green curry w chicken.

This is the only restaurant where I am convinced that they make their curries from scratch.
It is also the only one that can make it as spicy as I like.
I dream about their green curry and have to come back periodically for a fix.
The other aspect that they avoid is the syrupy sweetness that most Thai restaurants in Madison offer.
If you can get over the tacky decor (the one star deduction) then this is the place to go.
If they could update the interior and fix the lighting they would see me even more often.

Good service, fresh ingredients.
Potato pockets are a must.

The restaurant was more or less empty when I walked in, and it gave me time to focus on the horribly cheesy décor.
Ambience is pretty much absent here.
However, the food unseats Sa Bai as my go-to place.
We ordered the gaeng ped and the pad see ew.
The texture of the noodles was perfect--they weren't overcooked at all.
The curry was a bit thin for my tastes, but it was loaded with vegetables, tofu, and pork, so that made up for it.
The portions were generous (understatement) and both dishes were singe-your-nose hair spicy, just like we asked.
Well done, Bahn Thai!
We will definitely be returning soon.

small restaurant.
The service was bad an slow.
the server totally forgot about my hot tea.

Go for any of their curry dishes.
Immaculate!
Otherwise, a bit of a hole-in-the-wall; the service is average.

Friday night...happy hour downtown...where to go for dinner after?
We've spent many nights frequently the popular spots around the square or down Willy St...30 minutes to an hour later, you have a table.
Not the case at Bahn Thai.
We walked in and got seating immediately for a party of 8 (around 8PM).
Drink options are limited, but food was great.
A variety of classic Thai dishes.
We shared the Panang Curry with 2 orders of spring rolls...a full meal for two, and very reasonable.
While we love other Thai restaurants in town, we often don't love the wait...we'll be coming back!

Living in the vicinity of Bahn Thai, I've learned that they work best for take-out.
I enjoy their food.
My favorites are Yum Tao Hoo (mung bean noodles, peanuts, tofu) for an app and panang for the entree.
Below average service tends to detract from the dining experience, which is why it's best to stick to take-out.

I do vegan Friday night outing with my beau.
Thai food is pretty much perfect for semi cold weather night.
So why not, we headed to Bahn.
So here are out vegan selections of the evening: cabbage salad for app, squash curry and 35-a with tofu for entree.
The food was good, average good, but nothing more than that.
For squash curry, I'd prefer the taste of LaoLao.
And for the sauté in delicious garlicky sauce, I wish the veggies were cut evenly.
My anal personality is not a huge fan of the gigantic unsliced mushroom.
Another way I rate Asian food is how it tastes the day after - I like eating the left over out of the fridge, cold.
Bahn left over dido not perform well in this category.
So three garlicky stars.

Worst Thai food ever.
I eat Thai food about once every month and i have been to Thailand twice.
Vegetable Egg roll had thick raw dough and inside the vegetable had weird taste, fried rice seemed seasoned with only soy sauce and salt and pad Thai was also didn't have any authentic flavor.
Service was also slow on Sunday.
I will never recommend this place to anybody!!

Thicker/richer curry than other places around town.
A great place to swing by in the cold of winter.

We went to this place on a Saturday night after trying to get a table at a different Thai place on Willy (long wait, so we left).
At Bahn Thai we were immediately seated and the place did not seem terribly busy; however, after ordering, we waited 40 minutes for the appetizer, and then another hour for the main course.
A beer that we had ordered when the appetizer arrived was served with the main course.
I do not know if they were short on staff that night but the waiting time was unacceptable especially since we had small children with us.
That said, for Madison standards, the food was good but the wait, I dunno.

My wife and I visited this place twice and on both occasions our dishes were perfect.
The food tasted consistent and original.
However, both times it took a VERY long time to get our food even with just 1 other person in the restaurant.
The pho tasted wonderful and soothing.
The stir fry we had with eggplant was excellent!
Just the right enough of kick to make you sweat a bit without making you gag for water.
The laab was beautifully done and came with crispy cucumber slices.
The bottom line is that food was magnificent but the service leaves you wanting more.
If you don't mind subpar service but exceptional food then this is a place you should definitely try.

Best Thai in Madison!!

The curries and soups here are SOOOO tasty and they will gladly bump up your spiciness rating to "blazing-burning-firetongue-hot" if you ask.
The dining area is cozy and cheerful, if not elegant.
The service is a little slow and once in awhile you might have to ask for another table wipedown but the food is worth it.
I usually go for the takeout, and it's better to phone ahead because the orders take awhile.
We call Bahn Thai our "flu food"...if you order your dish with 4 stars it will burn out your stuffy head in no time flat.
I love this place!

Ok, today it was my" Sunday treat day" because my boyfriend works every other Sunday so whenever he is off he spoils me taking me wherever I would like to go, so today I really wanted to try the Lao Lang restaurant but it was closed so we ended up at bahn Thai by accident, from outside it looked very simple but once you enter it is a nice place with real plants everywhere which gives you a homey feeling, Thai ornaments and pictures.
The menu it's a little bit overwhelming, it's like if your eyes get tense without even trying, I had no idea of what to get so I chose a familiar route, a green curry with chicken and squash, zucchini and Thai eggplant, oh yeah, the whole family came to the pool hahaha.
Everything was nice and tender.
The consistency was thinner than any other green curries I have tried and the level of spiciness was right.
My boyfriend had a red curry with duck and he said it was ok.
The service was friendly and attentive.

If you read my other reviews you will find that I always test the Pad See Ew when visiting a new Thai restaurant.
No exception here.
I ordered to go.
The noodles were properly cooked.
The dish had a generous portion of fresh, crispy broccoli and firmly steamed tofu.
I asked for the dish double-Thai spicy and was not disappointed with the heat.
I am a little afraid that this place may be in decline.
The restaurant feels a bit neglected and has an obvious need to be professionally cleaned.
Nevertheless, the food is excellent and the prices are good.

My fiance and I took our parents here on the last night my own parents were to be in town.
My mom loves Thai food and finding good Thai food can be difficult.
We started off with Tom Ka Gai (a coconut/lemongrass soup) and  Yum Tao Hoo (a noodle salad).
Both were amazing.
The soup had the right blend of spices in  hearty soup and the salad had awesomely done cooked zucchini, tofu, and a blend of other veggies.
The spice level was just right.
Onto the entrees.
A classic, Pad Thai, if not cooked properly, can be mushy or a bit stuff - either way not very palatable.
The Pad Thai here was amazing.
There has only been one other place I've eaten at that serve wonderful Pad Thai and that was a place in Las Vegas.
The noodles, the sauce, the portion size - all perfect.
Also a dish I find Thai restaurants have difficulty getting done properly is the Pad See Ew.
The Pad See Ew was delicious - noodles perfectly done, right amount of sauce, generous portion of crispy yummy broccoli.
We also ordered a roasted duck in curry.
I LOVE roasted duck; however, the roasted duck in curry I didn't care too much for.
My dad and future father-in-law seemed to enjoy it though.
The pineapple dish with chicken and red peppers was also delicious - I didnt eat too much of this because of being full.
My fiance ordered the Pad Prik Tao Hoo, which was yummy, but because he ordered a medium spice level, he couldn't finish it.
Lastly, one cannot go to a Thai restaurant without getting dessert.
Mango with sweet rice.
The rice was not what i was expecting - sticking glutinous white rice.
Their rice was black rice, but it was a very pleasant surprise.
The rice was just the right amount of sweet.
I'm not sure what rice it was, but it had a nice crunch to it, but not in an uncooked or undercooked way.
It reminds me of Basmati rice in a way (the only two rice I've eaten are Basmati and Jasmine so forgive me if you've eaten this dessert here and think, "this reviewer does not know what s/he's talking about!
" The mango, though, was a bit sour.
The atmosphere in the restaurant was pleasant.
Casual, which we appreciated.
While we don't mind dressing up every now and then, we enjoyed that the lights and noise level were decent.
It wasn't pretentious.

