I have never had a repair done here.
However, when I came in for a quote, they took the time to explain to me the details of what the procedure would be and why it was so expensive.
They answered my many questions in detail despite the fact that the car was very likely totaled so they were not going to make any money off of me.
If I have another repair, I will come back here.

There is also a location off of E Wash, which is the one I went to.
Very nice staff, got me in right away, happy to deal with things via email so I could reference, explained everything they were doing, open after 5pm and before 8am so you can stop by on your way to or from work, the owner personally gave me a ride to the rental car place and my car looks great.
Absolutely no complaints.

Highly recommended!
Professional, courteous, and fabulous attention to details.
They thoroughly explained all that needed to be done, coordinated with my insurance people, arranged to get my rental set up (right next door, can't beat that).
They treated me much more respectfully than Zimbrick did, coordinated to get my windshield replaced while they were doing the rest of the work (even though they don't do that work), and they had the thoughtfulness to save my oil change reminder and put it on my new windshield.
I saw them check out someone's vehicle to see if it was driveable for free, and they also buffed out another scratch on my front bumper (unrelated to the damage I came to them for) and included that at no extra charge as well.
The work and paint matching on my metallic grey both came out beautifully!
I got other estimates and am so thankful I went with Sparkle.

The folks at Sparkle did a great job and provide awesome customer service.
I could not have been happier!
The process was easy from start to finish.
I've never gotten this kind of work done on my car and Eric, the estimator, was fantastic!
He kept me clued in about the process so I knew what was going on.
They offered me rides from the shop and always followed up.
Then, when the adjustors started messing me around, he spoke with them for me and cleared things up very quickly.
When I got my car back, it was sparkling inside and out!
It was like brand new!
I am glad I went to Sparkle.
I highly recommend them.

Super, super nice folks here.
I busted my headlight and bent my front panel, and they gave me a free used headlight bulb so that my car was at least road worthy until I could make a decision about the extend of the repairs I wanted.
The estimate was very reasonable, and I fully intend to go back for the full fix.

I got my car repaired here after an accident.
It took longer than expected because new parts needed to be ordered and my insurance company was hard to get a hold of.
That being said, I was contacted regularly on the status of my car and when things were expected to be done.
Everyone was extremely nice and the services were not over priced and my car looked great!
They even warmed the car up for me when they knew I was coming to pick it up!
An added bonus is they are very close to enterprise car rentals so if needed, you can walk there.

