This one time, Badger Cab proved faster than Union cab which was like a 30 minute to an hour wait.
They came within 10 minutes or less and picked someone up around the corner that had ordered a taxi too.
Good way to save gas and lessen your carbon footprint.
Granted, when I got in the car, the driver was this cheery, stoner type man that didn't know his way around because he had just moved to Wisconsin from Colorado.
However, he listened to my directions and got me to my place a-okay.
The next time I tried using Badger Cab, they royally pissed me off because they said 30-45 minutes, I waited, and they never showed.
This caused me to miss an important bday party!
EVEN when I called once to check up!
What the heck?
Do you have to badger Badger Cab to arrive?

Here is how my experience with Badger went down: Phone: Ring... ring...  Badger Cab: Automated message, with a subsequent 5 minute wait (am I in Chicago or Madison).
Person answers the phone.
Me: Hello?
BC: Hello.
Me: Yes, I need a cab for pick up at 123 Wherever Street.
BC: Where are you going Me: Going to XYZ bar at 123 Anywhere Street.
BC: How many people?
Me: Just me.
BC: Okay.
Click.
Me: Hello?
Hello?
They didn't give me an estimate of time of when I would be picked up, they never took my number (even though they might have had caller ID).
They never even acknowledged whether they were going to pick me up.
Figuring by the way it all ended, I figured that maybe I wasn't worth the pick up because it was just me, and I wasn't going too incredibly far.
After waiting 20 minutes, I called back, and canceled, and the guy seemed like he could have cared less.
I ended up flagging a cab from a different company a few minutes later anyway.

I rarely use cabs, but when I do I tend to forget which place was terrible- Union or Badger Cab.
Then I call Badger Cab, have them hang up before I tell them my name and/or they tell me how long the wait will be (just like Mayor D.'s review), and after 20-30 minutes I give up on them and call Union Cab.
I have now deleted all cab numbers from my phone except Union and hope that will prevent this lapse in judgment in the future.

Badger is one of those companies where they don't dress up their attitudes, and as a result can be intimidating or frustrating.
But Badger has the fastest and cheapest service around - hands down.
They get the job done.
Union is slow and sometimes twice as much.
Madison Taxi is a disaster of a company and hires all sorts of ex-cons and drivers fired from other companies.
Badger is also fairly green.
They burn propane in their cabs, not gasoline, greatly reducing emissions.
They are the environmental choice!
They also now accept all major credit cards.

I had a very frustrating experience with Badger Cab.
I had heard bad things but it was a late night after the bars and I wanted to do the responsible thing and get home without driving my car.
So I 411 for their number, call them up, and immediately am greeted by an extremely gruff individual who demands to know what I want and where I'm going.
I mean, it's a cab company, so I'm not expecting roses here, but this guy was just a straight up jerk.
I tell him where I'm at, with address and the restaurant I'm standing in front of (just off of state st), and he just keeps yelling at me that I'm giving him the wrong information.
Finally he just says a cab will be there and hangs up.
Cab ride went fine, fortunately the driver was really nice, and the cost was reasonable.
That's the only reason this place gets any stars at all.
In the morning I call up for a return cab downtown, and the same dispatch guy picks up and tells me that I should call back closer to the time for my pickup even though it was within 20 minutes of when I wanted to be picked up.
He also moaned a lot on the phone, acted like I was wasting his time, and then again hung up.
I called Union Cab, and despite being more expensive and showing up late, the dispatch lady was extremely friendly.
Bottom Line.
Pass on Badger Cab.

Hi is I need to be picked up at intersection can you do it?
No I need precise address.
Well, I'm at 123 ABC street.
OK Where you going to?
St Mary's Hospital.
What is the address of St Mary's Hospital?
... Retards.

The worst part about Badger Cab is the wait to talk to the dispatcher.
We also waited quite a long while for our cab, but it was within the time the dispatcher said it would be.
Otherwise, the rates were comparable to the other cab company we utilized, and the driver was extremely friendly and kind.
I was also a fan of it being zoned rather than metered, and shared rides are pretty cool, as well.

Worst shared ride taxi experience ever, anywhere: Did not send a cab then claimed two had arrived but I was missing -- not in this universe!
There has been a pattern of long, long waits.
This was the last chance with me for this company.

Badger cab is a mixed bag.
The drivers can vary(I have one who smokes/eats) and others are pretty polite.
I've never really had a "bad" driver.
The dispatchers have a lot of attitude - when you call, they act as though you are annoying them from the second they answer to hang up.
Their policies vary strongly based upon how busy they are.
They might call you if they're waiting OR they might take off and not call.
The dispatchers also have a horrible habit of saying "just head outside, they'll be right there" and I've stood around like a bum for 25minutes waiting...while I could have stayed in side and kept getting ready.
Order Badger when you have the most patience, most time and want to save the most money -- otherwise stick to Union.

My gf and i use this cab service a lot because they are the cheapest in Madison.
The dispatchers hang up on you without giving an estimate on how long it will be and when I have asked  they tell you 15 minutes and it turns out to be a half hour.
I called them a half hour before hand because my gf needed a ride to work, the cab took 48minutes to get to the place we were staying and she ended up being late for work.
So if you're on a budget and NOT on a time schedule then this cab will do ok

Not worth the savings.
The dispatcher doesn't tell you things like you can't make a brief stop to pick something up then go to a different location.
They are more likely to drop your call than answer it and the cabs are are dirty inside.
Cab drivers don't listen and take you whatever way they feel like going.
Additionally they have a book where they guess your faire.

DO NOT USE THEM They don't take your number, but rather tell you it will be 5-15 minutes and you should wait outside or in the lobby of your building and watch for them to pull up.
This really means you get to stand around in the cold for an hour and they don't show up.
If you want to try and call about where they are, then you will have to wait all over again to get through.
Save your time by calling one of the other taxi places in town.

I would rather not even give this company ONE star, but I must give it something!
:/  Me and my 2 other friends were picked up by a strange cab driver who went by the name of "the Easter Bunny," who later told us his name was 'Brent'  .. if that is true or not I don't know but he MUST BE FIRED.
He was driving cab # 201 on the night of Dec 22nd.
Instead of taking us home, he took a major detour to a strip club in a very seedy area of town and said he was picking more people up.
We replied we didn't feel comfortable with that, all being small framed females in a scary side of town, he said too bad.
My friend told him she was quite religious and did not like the idea of being outside "The Burlesque" ..
He seemingly was not a man of religion, possibly athetist (not that is matters anyhow), and critisized her religion and wanted her to 'explore the topic of religion' more in depth.
Of course she declined, things got heated.
We told him we just wanted to get out of the cab to which he relpied we NEEDED to get out because we were being rude & obnoxious to him.
"How so?
"  "You said you were religious but won't explore it further, GET OUT!
"   I literally thought this was all a joke.
So, he tore out of the parking lot like a mad man into traffic, whipped into a VERY seedy bar parking lot across the street and screamed to jump out.
2 of the 3 of us did while the other tried snapping a photo of him, WHILE he started to drive off MID getting out of the car almost killing us (and no, that is not being overly dramatic, this guy was NUTS!
Badger Cab, is you are reading this PLEASE fire this man.
He put our safety on the line.
Something must be done and your hiring process must be more tight.
He is a gentleman that wears SPIKED bracelets up his arm (by saying that, another one of your cab drivers knew who he was) FIRE THIS MAN!!!
Save your companys name by getting rid of bad employees.

I live two blocks from the Capitol (heart of downtown)..
I called at 9:45am for a cab to show up at 10:30am.
they show up at 10:55 with three other people in the cab.
the cheapest yes, but you get what you pay for.
unbelievably unreliable, this is the second time this company has failed to deliver.

AWFUL!!!
DO NOT USE THEM!
Tonight, I called them twice.
Waited outside for over an hour and no cab showed up.
When I called them again and informed them that a cab never showed up, they said I wasn't outside within 5 minutes of calling them.
The fact of the matter is, I was waiting outside in the cold when I made the phone call.
I told them this was very unprofessional of them and that I wanted a cab within 10 minutes, and they said to use another cab service and that they will cancel my request.
Bottom line is, don't waste your time or your money.
I will NEVER use this poor taxi service again!

Badger, you suck and have been downgraded from 2 stars to 1 star.
My last night :   1:11am I call cab.
2:11am I call cab - "where are you?
" replied with "oh, the bar rush is on" me "i called you way before bar rush", them "yeah we're sorry about that 20 more minutes" 2:45am I call cab - "where are you?
" replied with "we're still busy and no call is assigned.
" Me "forget it, i'll call a different company.
"  2:50am I call union cab 3:15am cab arrives  My point - there has to be more focus to "who called first".
I know the drivers/dispatcher are focusing on the juicy, easy combined shared rates but I'm willing to bet my firstborn that a large percentage of people after my call were picked up.
Getting a cab at 1AM shouldn't be a 2 hour ordeal,even with you guys.

They never make it on time and make you wait for a very long time.
The drivers and extremely rude and extremely unfriendly.

Terrible service.
They are never ever on time.
If you are taking the badger cab to the airport be ready to run to catch your flight or miss it altogether.
I called them along to be picked up at 6:55pm.
I waited till 7:10 and called them back at which point they said it would be another 10 minute wait!!!
Which in their dictionary translates into another 20 minutes.
if money is not an issue go with union cabs and if you would rather save a few$$$ green cab is a much better option.

Terrible.
I was in Madison visiting and needed a cab to take us from a corner downtown to our hotel.
We had suitcases.
When we saw the cab come down the street and stop at the light, we walked out to the cab.
The driver popped,open the trunk of his very old cab.
My friend struggled a lot with her big suitcase and the driver did nothing to try to help.
My suitcase wouldn't fit into the trunk so I struggled to get it into the back seat.
The driver was just rolling his eyes.
While I was getting in, I asked him what was wrong.
He said (very rudely) "I don't know where you're from, but here in Madison we don't put suitcases in the car at a traffic light".
I told him they do that where we are from and that we didn't know.
Why didn't he simply roll down the window and let us know?
He continued to lecture us and was probably the ugliest rudest person I have ever met.
His appearance didn't help things either.
A total slob with a stale cigarette smell in his car.
This was our introduction to Madison.
We were so sad and depressed that this guy was allowed to even interact with humans.
Yuck.
The rest of our Madison visit has been pleasant thank goodness.
Now that I read the rest of the posts here, I see we are not alone in our experience.
Why is this company still allowed to operate in Madison?
Not a good representative for your city.

Shady, shady business.
Called to get a short taxi ride downtown (1:49pm).
Was told the wait would be 5-20 minutes.
Fine.
They ask if they can use the same number to contact me when cab arrives.
Sure.
25 minutes later I receive a call with an automated message (2:14pm) saying "your taxi is waiting outside.
"  I rush down the elevator of the building, but no taxi is there.
I call again (2:17pm).
Dispatcher tells me that "they tried to call you twice but couldn't get through and left.
"  I explained that I had just received *one* call three minutes before I arrived downstairs, which I answered.
Me:  When else did they supposedly call?
Dispatcher doesn't know, but he is sure they tried to call me.
Me: is there something wrong with your phone system perhaps?
Dispatcher: Nope.
Me: Can I get another taxi then?
Dispatcher: Ok. Me: How long will it take?
Dispatcher: 20 minutes or so Me: No thanks [click].

Badger only gets a 1 because I can't give them anything less.
We booked them for a flight to the airport, and they said they would pick us up in 15 minutes.
When they hadn't arrived 20 minutes later, we gave them a call, and they said they were still 10 minutes away.
When they hadn't arrived 15 minutes later, we gave up and called another company.
Would have had better luck taking a real to the airport!

UNRELIABLE.
Don't waste your time with this company unless you enjoy missing your flight.
After waiting 40 minutes for a 15 min cab estimate, we called Madison Cab.
They came in less than 5 mins (and Badger still never showed).
Thank you Madison Cab!

Ordered for 5 pm at 1pm.
Cab comes at 5:30 pm.
15 degrees.
Fail.
Yelp wants me to add more, but there's not really much more to add....

This is a JOKE of a cab service.
I scheduled a cab 5 hrs before I wanted it to come.... Then 10 minutes before I had it scheduled I Called to say I was ready as soon as possible... 20 mins go by, I call and they said they didn't have a cab for me, it'll be 5-10 mins.
So after 50 minutes of waiting For a SCHEDULED cab...
I call again to ask where it is.
They said they still didn't have a cab it'd be another 15 minutes.
And the place I needed to go was now closing in 5.
To think a cab company can't get a pre scheduled cab within an hour is the biggest joke I've ever heard.
Do NOT USE THIS CAB COMPANY.

