Usually, I'm a pretty standard sweet & sour pork with rice type of guy.
However, at Wah Kee.
I was advised to try the noodle dishes by a regular and was not disappointed.
Fresh tasting with plenty of flavor, it was a pretty scrumptious meal.
The dining room itself could be more intimate and our server a tad friendly but the food made up for it all.

Wah Kee rises above your standard Chinese restaurant with outstanding noodles and soups.
According to the menu, the restaurant makes its own noodles and the quality is apparent when you take a first bite.
I usually come here for the soups, which are very filling and top off at about $8 or so.
You can choose from a variety of noodles, meats, and dumplings.
People who appreciate heaping portions of soup and anyone who enjoys Japanese-style ramen will find Wah Kee to fit the bill.

Wah kee is the cure for the common cold.
Tried and true tested on the weekend of February 2nd, 2008.
Believe it.

Wah Kee is one of several places I wish I had spent more time at in Madison.
The menu is very extensive, and it has both many Chinese dishes that are familiar in American-Chinese restaurants, as well as several specialty noodle dishes.
Not all of the descriptions are adequate; I ordered one Singapore Noodle dish that had eggs in it, the fact of which was not mentioned in the menu description (it was otherwise a very good item, though).
So you may want to ask the staff about the items if you have questions (they are very helpful).
Overall, I highly recommend this place.

Wah Kee is one of those places that I am always happy to eat at, but seem to never go to.
I don't know why, because the noodles are delish, and they have Thai iced tea.

Been there 3 times and will return.
Excellent food (try the Bun-ga!
not on menu but in specials forever), but moreover, su-per nice and helpful staff.
They've even got the best belgian beer (Duvel and leffe) for cheap.

Another one of the places I desperately miss from Madison.
After a year and a half in Madison, I'd still only worked my way through about half the menu.
Everything is good, though my favorite would have to be the ma po tofu.
Some of my favorite memories of Madison are sitting in a booth on a cold Wisconsin night with a bowl of ma po, a plate of fried dumplings, a pot of tea, and a book, a friend, or a girl.

I would definitely go here again if I was craving Asian food in Madison.
The beef and chasiu (pork) won ton noodle soup was delicious.
They do the meat really well.
The noodles on the other hand were just okay.
The egg noodles in the won ton soup tasted like they were from a package.
The Curry Ho Fun noodles were a decent texture, but the curry sauce left something to be desired.
As a Chinese Restaurant in Madison: 4 stars If this restaurant was in SF Bay Area: 3 stars

This place is down the street from me and it's kind of addictive.
I really like the assorted Tong Mein (noodle soups).
They come with various combinations of beef, pork, ginger, scallions, and two kinds of dumplings (wonton or gyoza), a big pile of stringy noodles (think Chinese angel hair pasta), and broth.
One soup with an appetizer or two can feed a couple people, but we've been known to order one soup per person in response to strong Wah Kee cravings.
The menu is huge, but I've not strayed from the Tong Mein much at all.
It's dang good.
Not sure if I would order for regular junk Chinese food, but definitely worth it for the soup.

The noodle soups are great, and all basically taste the same.
You get thin noodles, some meat, some wantons or dumplings, scallions, and broth.
Some have ginger.
I tried a chicken and chestnut dish once, and it was really very tasty, but not what I was expecting, as they were actual chestnuts, and not water chestnuts.
They also seem to have all the usual stand-bys.
Beef w/ broccoli and the like.
This seems like the wrong place to order that kind of shit though.

love the noodle soups!

This is where we go for comfort food.
As you have probably figured out, noodles are the specialty.
The owner is a friendly fellow, and he clearly wants you to have a good experience.
I also love his house Kimchee (nom nom).
On weekends it's one of the few place I know of where you can get a steeping bowl of congee (a rice porridge) and the sides that go along with it (Yo tiao, a fried bread in the shape of a stick).
The yo tiao wrapped in crepes is positively addictive.

This is a fairly average place.
I'd suggest heading to the thai place a few doors down if you want something with a more authentic style and higher quality food.
This place doesn't let down, it's just not spectacular.
The price is right and the food is wholesome.
But I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
For a group of mixed eaters, this is actually a great place to go.
The food is somewhat bland at times, allowing those who don't like Asian food to appreciate it.
And it's good enough that those of us who love oriental food can appreciate it, as well.
I believe this is a good intermediary for those of us who'll go out and try and eat with people who aren't lovers of exotic food.
edit: sorry about saying "Oriental.
"  I didn't realize that the phrase Oriental referred to nothing but Ramen noodles.

Ok... before I write my review.
Uhhh... "oriental" food?
Last time I checked, "oriental" is used to describe ramen flavoring or a type of rug.
And since when is Chinese food considered "exotic?
" Check your stereotypes before you write Mr. Thom Z.
D*mn.
Also, Suzie G, your observation about the socially awkward  waiters is soo on the ball.
hahahahahaha.
All that being said.
I love Wah Kee.
Their noodle dishes just hit the spot and are among the 3 things I crave when sick (the other 2 being yukejang and pho).
They actually make their own noodles here so really, it's the thing to order when you're here.
Ohhh I should also mention that I don't typically like Americanized Chinese food b/c it's so greasy and heavy.
But arg.
Their noodle soup with a dollop of hot sauce.
omg.
I want some right now.
Their other dishes are pretty good too--one of my besties and I keep meaning to take a large group of people to Wah Kee so that we can order everything on the menu that sounds good.
Except she's left me for SF and it just wouldn't be right to do it w/o her.
haha.
We'll do it someday though.
Mark our words...  addendum: lol... thanks for the apology Mr. Thom Z.
You also forget that there are oriental rugs in this world.

The menu is overwhelmingly long and their food is pretty tasty.
There are options for vegans, vegetarians, and any other dietary restriction you can think of.
I wouldn't protest another visit.

The vegetable subgum is great.
I love that they aren't overly concerned with American palettes not enjoying certain Chinese vegetables and going for authenticity instead.
The noodles are tasty.
The gyoza are really great.
I even like the eggrolls there, and normally I hate eggrolls.
They also have a variety of southeast Asian dishes; that just confuses me.
It's really reasonably priced.
I almost always get noodle soup for $7 and get two hearty meals out of it.
The atmosphere is the atmosphere of most good Chinese restaurants...total shit, but that isn't why you go here.
Also, don't expect amazing service.
Most of the servers are kind of awkward and seem to not really know what they're supposed to be doing.
Best Chinese in Madison hands down.

Price is right and wonton noodle is excellent!

Yes yes, I agree with the 4 and 5 stars here.
Do you ever feel like eating Chinese that doesn't clog your arteries?
Welcome to Wah Kee.
You cannot order dish like the "premium" tofu with mushroom and greens that my fiance ordered anywhere else.
I can't figure out how they cook the silky tofu to the perfection.
Sure, the decor is "whatever," but I was delighted/enchanted/whatever you want to call it  with the food.
The serving portion is large.
And this is a plus, if you like eating the left over that still taste great!!!
I just satisfied my after-bar hour cravings and said, "damn.

I go here all the time for the giant bowl of noodle soup (I always order #19).
The three-flavored fish is also fantastic.
I have never had a bad experience here--my only complaint is the inconsistent inventory of beer.
My advice is to order the authentic stuff and stay away from the Chinese-American dishes.
I have been at a table where people ordered both, and the difference is like night and day.

The food was less then average.
I was really looking forward to some bubble tea, but it is no longer offered, yet it is still on the menu.
Grrr.
The hours are weird- the staff unfriendly.
This is not a place I'd try again!

I had a bowl of wonton noodle and two spring rolls.
The noodle and wontons are both great!.
Especially the wontons have very thin skinner, in which tasty lean pork and big shrimp are wrapped.
The spring rolls weren't good enough, but I still like to give this restaurant 5 stars.
Definitely I'll go back.
I used to go to hong kong wok (an OK place) for the same type of food before I discovered this.
I think Wah Kee is way better in both taste and price.

I ordered off of CampusFood because I needed to finish a paper before midnight and just did not want to cook.
Oh god, Wah Kee was the best decision I made on that note in such a long time I wish I could kick myself in the head for not doing it faster.
If you order from CampusFood, it's one of the cheapest out there for order requirement-wise and it is ohmygawdsogood.
I got the BBQ beef on white rice and it was phenomenal.

This place is amazing.
I hadn't found any Asian food in Madison that I loved but this place just rocks.
I had the Mo Po Tofu (vegetarian).

The best Chinese restaurant in Madison, and one of the only Chinese restaurants I have ever visited where almost everything on the menu is made well, which is surprising considering how extensive it is.
The curry dishes are not that great though.
Of particular goodness: Bun-ga, which is not on the menu but is a special that has been on the specials board for months; their wonton noodle soups, the broth for which is wonderful; the decadent stewed pig hock noodles; taro and pork belly.

This is probably in my top 5 for favorite restaurants of Madison.
And I'll tell you why.
Appetizers Spring rolls are great.
Fresh and tasty.
I am a total crab rangoon snob and they make excellent crab rangoon.
I've gotten pot stickers a bunch of times there and its always really good.
Only had the Kim Chee once.
I'm not into spicy foods so I didn't like it but the person I was with who DID like spicy foods told me it was good Kim Chee.
Soup Always really flavorful.
Good broth to veggie/meat ratios.
You basically can't go wrong with any of the soups.
Noodles Stir fry can be a little greasy but oh MAN.
There is like... a smoke flavor?
I'm not sure what it is.
But its delicious.
Pad Thai is good.
Vegetarian options I was a vegetarian for two years and I had no problems finding things to eat here.
All in all.
I really think Wah Kee is one of the best restaurants in the area.
And absolutely affordable.

Ate here on a business trip after reading the reviews on Yelp.
I ordered the Jambong soup and was hoping for a big bowl yumminess.
Unfortunately my dinner was rather disappointing, bland broth and the seafood would have been better named octopus legs.
I will try again next time as I have been told the soups may be so-so, their standard Chinese fare is very good.
fingers crossed  As for the comments below regarding 'The Orient' it quite simply means of the East, which last time I checked China was a large part of

Today was a cold Wisconsin Sunday, and I decided I needed noodles and broth.
We decided to try out Wah Kee, since neither of us had been there before.
Wow, this place has been here for 25 years.
How had we not been here before?
We started off with a couple appetizers: the spring rolls, which were tasty, but I generally don't care for fried spring rolls, the kim chee, which was spicy and good, and the pork bun, which was huge.
My husband's more of a pork bun aficionado than I, and he seemed to like it.
For our entrees, I got the Ginger, Scallion and Wonton Noodle Tong Mein, and it was just what I wanted: clean-tasting, ginger-spicy, with several good-sized shrimp and pork wontons.
My husband got the Szechuan Dam Dam Noodles, which were spicy, but looked a little greasy to me.
He seemed to like it, though.
We both left thoroughly stuffed.
Oh, and I also fell desperately in love with guava juice.
We will be back, for sure!

Great noodles!
I will return for sure.

This place was aweful!
The delivery was fast but the food was aweful.
I took 1 bite and it all went in the garbage!

I only have ordered the Tong Mein #26 (Ginger, Scallion, and Gyoza) and substitute for Udon Noodles and the Potstickers.
Both are delicious.
This place is one of those great secrets that is not even known by many that live in Madison.
This may be due to the location.
I might be biased because this is where I used to go with my best friend when I was a student at UW.
Every year we have a reunion and go back and order the same thing.
Same friendly service that recognizes us and welcomes us back each time for the last 4 years.
The Tong Mein from Wah-Kee is the best Chinese food I have ever eaten.

I went here with my friend to grab a quick bite/slurp before heading out for some drinks elsewhere.
Overall, the food here was not too shabby.
I ordered the wonton noodle soup with char siu.
The dish had a well flavored broth, savory and light at the same time.
The amount of char siu in the bowl was quite generous and had the typical flavor.
The filling of the wontons was good with a blend of pork and shrimp, but the wrappers seemed overcooked/too soggy.
For me the noodles seemed on the thin side for a proper wonton noodle soup (and therefore came out on the post al-dente side), but I did appreciate that the noodles are made in house.
Surprisingly, it took a while (15+ minutes) for the soup to get to the table.
Or perhaps not so surprisingly...it feels that most asian noodle soups in the city are put together at a snail's pace...
I'm not sure how the rest of the food is here, but the wonton noodle soup is worth giving a try.

I always have the beef and egg or ja jang meinn!
!one of my favorite take out places for Chinese food in madison!

I went there because craving for wonton mee.
they do serve pretty good wonton mee.
I've also order egg custard but disappointed because we know it's frozen food.

I must say, after reading other reviews, I was rather disappointed.
The service was kind, but slow.
The spring rolls we had were indicative of a delicious meal to come...but frankly it just fell short.
I had lo mein with beef and wontons and it was alright, but nothing really spectacular.
It actually reminded me a lot of an inexpensive frozen meal.
My husband's noodle bowl was much the same.
Additionally, both of our meals tasted overtly of shrimp...and we both ordered beef items.
Our daughter, however, ordered pork fried rice and it was DELIGHTFUL.
The price was low, so it is silly to get overly disappointed with the meal.
However, it is not somewhere that I would likely return if given the opportunity.

I loved this place when I was a kid, their noodles and soups were always my favorites.
I came back recently with my husband who has never been to the restaurant I raved about.
Trying to recreate my delightful experiences i had growing up I ordered some noodle soup, my husband ordered a dish called 'salted fish'.
Our order came and the salted fish wasn't what he had expected, and to me the fish was the ocean equivalent of eating limburger cheese.
This dish could have been 'salted fish' but my husband didnt want it.
So he politely asked if it could be taken back, the waiter went to speak with the manager... well this somehow offended the manager, and he very angrily said he would not take it back, and since he was with an "oriental' - im filipina by the way- he should have known what the salted fish would be.
so sad.
i used to like this place until i knew the manager was a crotchety racist a$$hole.

An amazing find.
Handmade Japanese noodles and gyoza won tons were delicious.
One of those meals one will remember.
Ambience is friendly and simple clean decor.
Highly recommend.

I love the wide variety of food that's always prepared (and delivered) quickly.
They use high quality ingredients and their menu expands beyond the average.
Their customer service is fantastic.
Over the years, they have become my go-to delivery choice.

This is the best Chinese restaurant in town, although, not the entire menu is Chinese food.
My favorite is the Singapore ricestick (#N8) and ginger scallion gyoza tong mein (#26).
The noodles are made from scratch and nothing compares.

General Tso's Chicken: Very, very fatty and soft.
Chicken was pretty decent, just barely cooked but certainly not to the point that it would make you sick.
Sauce was thin and runny.
Like absurdly so.
So it wasn't that familiar sauce-drenched slightly-chewy texture that you tend to expect with this dish, but other than that there wasn't really anything wrong with it.
Crab Rangoons: Lots of crispy wonton, not a lot of cream cheese.
All around decent and unmemorable.
I probably would stick to the not-as-Americanized dishes the next time I order from here.

I work for a Christian campus ministry, and my organization often brings me to Madison.
While in town, I often crave some East Asian food, and Wah Kee hit the spot.
A friend and I enjoyed both the charsiu-wonton noodle soup and the beef-chive-gyoza soup.
I agree with Wendy H that for Madison, this restaurant is 4 stars, but if it were in the Bay Area, it'd get 3 stars.

I thought I'd try Wah Kee based on the reviews.
Big mistake.
Maybe delivery is the wroing way to go.
I wanted to go safe with a new choice for Chinese.
Pot Stickers and Pad Thai noodles.
The pot stickers were just a big ball of dough with some filling.
Absolutely the worst example of a pot sticker I've ever had.
The Pad Thai noodles were completly dry, completely void of sauce.
I put every packet of soy sauce, hot sauce, and pot sticker sauce they geve me, just to try and gag it down.
No luck.

I've only had their noodle dishes so far, but I must say, I'm a fan.
First, all their noodles are homemade, and freshly cooked.
Second, they don't skimp out with their noodles.
It's not the 30 cent ramen-quality noodles you'll find at most Asian places, it's actually authentic Asian noodles.
Third, given the price and quantity of food, you've got yourself a pretty good deal.
My only issue was that it was a bit oversaturated with sodium, but other than that, definitely a great meal.

Really delicious, really fast, reasonably priced, consistent, friendly, and efficient service.
This was probably the thirtieth or fortieth we've eaten there and we'll be back many more times.

As a Chinese, I think this Chinese good is really amazing.
Unlike other chinese restaurant , this restaurant use more good quality ingredients and  more fresh stuff to make their food.
Not really oily and taste strong.
But it was just delicious!
Price is really reasonable and great service.
Will go back again!

Its alright, but maybe I have been spoiled by the west coast.
:D Food was decent and the server was friendly and a hard worker.
Only downside is the person running the place?
The entire time there, he was running around yelling at everyone, especially the server.
I won't be surprised if she quits soon.
The owner seems like a total dick.
Will not be eating here again.

I came here with some friends to catch up and to eat some wonton noodle soup.
I ordered the BBQ pork wonton noodles.
First of all, I thought the food itself was alright.
I felt like the presentation was a bit lacking since everything was pretty colorless, but at least the meat tasted good.
The noodles were sad and pale.
Other aspects I didn't really like so much.
When we sat down, the table smelled kind of like dirty dishrags, and my napkin had an old piece of food stuck on it.
I really hate to say this, but service was also subpar.
Our waitress was NOT friendly at all.
Also, we were pretty much ignored after our food was brought out, even though we were in clear view of the main counter where both servers were stationed.
Eventually my friend had to physically get up and go to the front counter to ask for more napkins.
The waitress also made a big stink about us wanting to split the check for a group of 4, so that was annoying.
So yeah, overall it was an okay experience.
Would I come here again?
Probably not.

Great homemade noodles.
Below average thai green curry.
Average tofu.
No air conditioning even on 80+ degree humid day.

I've been coming here since I was a little kid and the food is consistently delicious.
The service can be a bit weird but they totally make up for it with the food.
They have the best homemade noodles in town.
Try the hot and sour noodle, the bbq beef fried rice, and the crab rangoon.
Amazing.
Also, they deliver.
This is some of the best quality delivery chinese food in Madison.

Alright, I was torn on this place until I decided I really liked it.
I lived right up the street and I ate here all the time.
I tried the majority of their menu and have concluded that this is great feel-good soul fuel food.
The noodles are scrumptious, the dumplings are plump, the potstickers are delicious, and sauces are wholesome, and the Korean BBQ pork is really good.
You get a lot of food on your portion, and you can carryout.
That said, the noodles can be a bit heavy, and the dishes can get a bit greasy.
Still, it all tastes really good and while I can't speak to authenticity, it certainly warms a lonely evening.

I can only judge Wah Kee based on my Sesame Chicken since that was the only dish I've had there.
It was average.
Sauce was good, everything was very hot.
The chicken they give you is breaded and fried.
I felt like I got nothing but bread for the most party and very little chicken.
It was served with just plain white rice  I would have liked for it to have come with veggies.
In fact, I asked the waitress for some advice for dishes that comes with both meat and veggies but hardly any dish does unless you're getting a soup.
I wasn't that impressed.
Food is not bad but it's not the best place for good Chinese in Madison.
Orient House is I think by far the best Chinese restaurant in Madison

Most decent Cantonese food in Madison; however, still not good Cantonese food.
They should really put more effort in the service because they can really have much more business.
The rice pot dishes are worth the visit!

This is a classic hole-in-the-wall restaurant.
Service is only so-so and kinda slow.
But if you're looking for avoid Chinese/Asian mix restaurant with an extensive menu and cheap prices, this is the place for you.
I had the Ginger, scallion, wonton noodle soup and it was fantastic.
The wontons were filled with shrimp and pork and spices.
The noodles (which are homemade) were perfectly good in a wonderful broth.
I also had the potstickers which were filled with amazingly fresh ingredients, very tasty!

For some reason, the food at Wah Kee Wonton is just a little bit more special than most other American Asian restaurants around the Madison area.
Maybe it's the handmade noodles, or the authentic cooking, large portions, and low (read: extremely affordable) menu prices.
Who knows.
All I know is that I love this place.
Delivery was fast, and I receive my food from an old Asian man, which is a good sign.
That's when you know the food is going to be very awesome.
P.S.
The pho here is excellent.
Top quality noodles and broth.
Coming from the west coast, I have unfairly high standards and expectations for good pho, and Wah Kee Wonton exceeded them.
The ja jang mein (Korean black bean noodles) is delicious, too.

Wah Kee has the best wonton I've had in Madison.
The milk tea is also super good - not very sweet, so be sure to ask for extra sugar unless you're like me and don't have a sweet tooth.

it was too bad that my experience eating here was a bad one.
It left a very bad taste in my mouth that made me reluctant to go back.
I had some fried noodle and some drink made from tapioca which I couldn't recall the names and both were not good.
My dining companion had a plate of seafood noodle and it smelled so fishy.
Not to mention, cuts of the seafood were way too big.
Sorry but I couldn't give more than one star for this place.
It was just a poor meal experience.

Either I went on an off night, or not a lot of people know about Wah Kee Noodle.
There was only one waiter working, and he was also the host.
We ordered N1 and N13 off the house specials page (can't remember the name of N1, but N13 was some kind of spicy vegetable noodle dish).
N1 was tasty (wide ride noodles stir fried with beef and bean sprouts) and I would definitely order it again.
N13 had a sweet but not spicy sauce, as well as plenty of broccoli, celery, carrots and bean sprouts.
Wah Kee says on their menu that they make their own noodles, and it definitely tastes like it.
I would recommend ordering off of their house specials page if you have trouble deciding what to get from their 4-5 page menu.

Come here for authentic canton-style noodle soup, since it's the best in Madison.
I was transported back to times in Chicago's Chinatown and business trips in Hong Kong.
These are American serving sizes, so if you're a smaller person you could probably order to split between two people, and get a second, drier dish to nibble on or pack for home.
I ordered the shiitake mushroom and chicken noodle soup (N5) and it was exactly what I wanted.
Clear broth, veggies, and "wonton noodle" style noodles.
The Thai iced tea was delicious with lemon instead of cream, it was like a southern-style sweet tea with an Asian twist.
The ambiance and service isn't as polished as other establishments in Madison, but what are you coming here for?
They also have various imported beers sold by the bottle, and a list of specials almost every day of the week.
Then we got fortune cookies that spoke the truth, so, this place is magic.

If you haven't been to Wah Kee, this restaurant needs to be next on your dining experience list.
In a sea of pre-fab noodle places, Wah Kee continues to create all dishes from scratch, all noodles from scratch, and all of the  food is fresh and prepared masterfully by seasoned chefs.
This dining spot has been around for years  and is family owned and operated.
It is not glitzy like some of the national chains- but if you are interested in very good, authentic food at a very reasonable price, skip the bagged noodle places and try Wah Kee.

Maybe it was the spider web on the windowsill near my face, or maybe the fly who kept landing on the food, or maybe it was the dried plant parts surrounding the plant in the window, but the place seemed dirty.
And that puts me off my food.
If you are going to have real plants, then you have to clean up when they drop their leaves.
This place is known for the homemade noodles and wontons and the chicken dumplings- fried - were good.
The other 2 noodles dishes were boring.
Beef and Scallions w/ Fun noodles (wide rice ones) and Pork and Spinach w/ homemead wheat noods.
Yes the noods seemed fresh but the sauces were undistinguished and goopy.
Maybe I will go back and try the soup in the winter time.
Maybe.

GOOD

I heart Wah Kee Noodles!
They have tasty food, great portions and their service is always quick.
The ambiance is very casual but the food is amazing.
Many of the noodles are fresh made and the flavors of their dishes are strong and authentic.
I love their Singapore rice stick noodles and you cannot go wrong with any of their noodle soups (great for a cold Madison day).

Amazing soups!
Wonton and noodle is my favorite combo, and their hot and sour soup is also delicious.
Besides New Seoul, they have the best kimchee I have found in Madison.
BBQ Pork Buns and Pot Stickers are also very tasty.
I went in for lunch today with a cold and left a cured woman!
The server was friendly and didn't rush me at all.
Lovely.

This is the place I go whenever I'm homesick for some authentic Chinese food.
I love their homemade rice noodles and that's what I order all the time.
Yesterday I went there with my friend from Michigan who asked me to take her to the noodle shop.
The food was great as usual and the waitress was friendly and attentive.
Always an enjoyable experience!

Had the Singapore noodles and the potstickers.
The potstickers were pretty good-- a mixture of deep fried/pan-fried with a small amount of meat and vegetables inside.
Relatively thick dumpling skin compared to filling.
Singapore noodles were a total waste.
Considering that this was a "specialty" of theirs, I was hoping that this dish would be of decent quality but it just lacked flavor and  diversity in ingredients.
Four shrimp and maybe two ounces of chicken along with chewy noodles that were not seasoned.
Very disappointing and pricey as well.

Always excellent food, atmosphere could use an update.
Service tends to be slow and the waitresses can be very moody at times.
It seems that service and ambience are not a priority.

Located in the western end of Willy St, Wah Kee is the best Cantonese/Guangdong style Chinese food in Madison.
If you regularly go to restaurants in North American Chinatowns, this place will bring back your memories!
Wah Kee's menu is huge and even includes some Thai/Vietnamese items, but the highlights are in its Cantonese selections.
Anything in the Lo Mein section is pretty good.
Wonton Lo Mein is my favorite.
They made wontons fresh and they are among the best I had in this country.
They offer some really authentic appetizers.
I recommend you to resist your urge to order spring rolls and try out "fried turnip cake", "Yau Choi in Oyster Sauce", "Sticky Rice in Lotus Leaf", "BBQ pork buns", or "scallion pancake.
" It's pretty rare that you can find these dishes in the Midwest.
Rice in Clay Pot is also Wah Kee's specialty.
Expect some preparing time but they worth the wait.
I wanted to give it 5 stars (as appeared in the very first version of the review) because it is such a bargain for budget foodies, but 4 stars probably will do justice to other Chinese eateries in town.
Nonetheless, Wah Kee is one of the best meals you can get under $10 in the Madtown.

So.
Good.
First time ordering Wah Kee take out tonight, and because the menu is so huge I just picked like five random items and to my delight, everything was delicious!!
My favorite by far was the ginger scallion gyoza and wonton lo mein.. delicious house made dumplings, house made noodles (I think?
) with a fragrant broth and crisp fresh scallion and cabbage.
Delivery took over an hour, but it was well worth the wait!

I feel so lucky to be in Madison, where there are a myriad of Chinese restaurants to choose from.
Yes, different parts of China has their own distinctive flavors and style, so Chinese restaurants vary a lot as to what they offer.
The owner originates from the hong kong/guangdong area, speaking Cantonese.
I know we are in good hands here.
Since this is a Cantonese-based restaurant, the dishes I tried are from the Canton region.
Hence once again, similar to my reviews of other Chinese places, it doesn't apply to American-Chinese food, since these are not what I usually get.
They do their traditional cuisines right -- you can't go wrong with their claypot rice.
Do note that claypot rice takes a longer time to make compared to other dishes.
The wait is absolutely worth it, just ensure that you are not in a rush afterwards.
Hong Kong style noodles (soup or dry) are equally good too.
They come in a variety of ingredients for your selection, my favorites are the classic wonton noodles.
Those wontons come wrapped in nice thin wonton skin with lightly-marinated pork and shrimps in them *yummy*  Their congee is also another one of the highlights!
It's super smooth and flavorful.
But note that congees are only available on weekends up to ~ 2 pm or whenever they are out.
You can order them with fish, pork, beef or chicken.
The congee is so smooth and soft that you can just swallow them without chewing!
I am seriously considering ordering these for my upcoming wiscom teeth removal ~~   Most of the Canton dishes are not spicy by nature, but for the adventurous eaters out there who loves spicy food, they have home made hot sauce out there for you!
If you fall in love with their hot sauce, they do offer it to go as well, so you can add it to any dishes that you make at home.

Ummm, I got sauce on half of my dinner.
I ordered Sesame Chicken which was probably the worst sesame chicken I have ever had.
It's hard to make it bad but this sure wasn't good.
And I got a box 3/4 full of white rice.
I am not impressed with what I got for the price, by any means.
Won't eat here again but my belly is full tonight.

Great place for Chinese noodle dishes.
They  make their noodles fresh every day.
Extensive menu includes interesting dishes from multiple regions in China.
There are plenty of rice dishes as well.
My husband ALWAYS orders the bun ga, a pork noodle dish served in a bowl with a sauce on the side.
It's probably his favorite meal in Madison and is one of the most popular on the menu.
Tonight I had the pan fried crispy noodles with seafood and veg on top.
The sauce from the seafood and vegetables slowly migrates through the crunchy noodles, making for great texture.
There were at least 5 species of seafood or shellfish plus a nice variety of vegetables.
I really liked it and would order it again.
As always, portions were large and I'm taking tomorrow's lunch home with me.
I also always drink their great ginger tea and enjoy the crab rangoon.

Blech.
I'm half writing this as a note to myself to stop trying to eat here.
So, the noodles are clearly fresh, and it's a conceptual step up from the Americanized type Chinese one finds many other places here, and something different if you're not up for the heat level of Szechuan.
But uh if you don't like fish?
Skip this place.
The first few times I thought maybe I made an ordering error, but there is no reason for BBQ Pork Lo Mein to taste and smell aggressively fishy.
Both the broth (maybe there's some shrimp involved) and the noodles (which is far stranger).
It's disconcerting and offputting.
Maybe that's nitpicky of me, and maybe someone who ate fish wouldn't notice.
But for me?
GLECH.
Their house-made hot sauce is awesome and conceals the worst of it, but I shouldn't -need- to conceal unwanted flavors like that.
So basically, Must Love Fish if you're gonna get the noodle dishes here.
4 stars in that case.
If you want your pork to just be pork, then see rating above.

Ordered food here and was happy to see that they were open early as a lot of the other places in the area seemed to open much later.
I called and was put on hold for about five minutes so I hung up.
I got a call back to place the order but I should have stayed away.
I ultimately ordered the spring roll and the spicy chicken fried rice.
I got spring rolls and regular fried rice.
This was a big problem because the regular fried rice looks like it was boiled in chicken broth with a few veggies tossed in it.
It would have been salvageable if I got some chili packets but that wasn't the case.
I called and went over my situation with the the person that answered and was told that she couldn't do anything because her driver wasn't there and neither was the manager.
I didn't see why this was a problem and suggested that she place a new order and have the driver deliver it when he gets back.
That made a lot of sense to me but made no sense to the person that answered for some reason.
This was a bad experience all around.
This was my first time here and it will definitely be my last.

I really, really wanted to like this place.
I have been searching for a great Chinese place in Madison and have turned up empty handed.
Having been to China and loving the food, I thought I would trust other reviewers that said the food was "authentic" and "delicious".
We ordered--kimchee (actually the best thing), vegetable spring rolls (too much dough/rice paper and oddly spiced), yau choi in oyster sauce (pretty good, a bit bland, my bf was not a fan), vegetable tong mein (was supposed to come with gyoza, it did not, overpowering flavor of sesame oil, noodles were ok, not great), my boyfriend got a seafood dish that was absolutely terrible--the seafood was nowhere near fresh (there was a long piece of calamari with rubbery material that slapped back into his face when he took a bite, and the flavor was bland).
I guess it was against better judgement to order seafood here--or go here in general, as the dining room was completely empty during prime dinner hours on a Friday.
Our server was lamentable at best, she did not offer suggestions, and seemed hurried by her other responsibilities (and her boss was yelling to her from the kitchen) the entire time.
It was if she had never been trained to serve--when I asked questions she would just shrug, and say "are you ready?
"  I did really want to like this place, but sadly it was not meant to be.
We took most of our food to go (as I hate wasting food), but ended up throwing it out for fear of encountering it again.

I went back and had what they are best known for which is their Pho.
In particular, I order the beef and ginger pho.
The broth was very flavorful and had the perfect amount of ginger.
I added extra noodle to mine.
Be warned, extra really mean extra!
Tons of noodles.
Had a hard time finishing my soup because the portion sizes are very amazing for such a great price.
The substance of the beef was a bit "chewy".
It's hard to explain.
I think I would have enjoyed the soup better without any meat at all.
Service is OK but there is room for improvement.
During the last visit, I paid with Visa, however, due to the internet and a few fax orders coming in during the same time I was about to pay, my BF and I ended up waiting a good 5 minutes for the machine to clear.
It wasn't a big issue as we weren't in any big rush, but do be warned that this may cause you a delay in the future.
Server apologized but it wasn't her fault.
That being said, Wah Kee is a place to go on a cold day when you want some good soup.

