"The Madison, Gay version of Cheers...always has someone around and its the gay man's place to meet for Friday night happy hour...or any other night for that matter.
And now its smoke-free and even more wonderful!!

Fun bar to go to whether or not you have a preference for those of the same sex as you.
Fabulous drag queen shows on Thursday nights.
Good prices, worth the hike to the Capitol square area.

madison's only gay bar, or at least the only one we could find.
along the lines of hydrate (chicago) except much smaller and with flannels.
there was a dj up front playing madonna, justin timberlake and the like; disco ball, flashy lights... a northwoods dance club if you will.
i loved the fact that they served food (all fried of course), but when i go to wisconsin and order cheese curds, i expect curds, not mini-mozz nubbins!
the drinks were cheap though and the crowd was entertaining.

The Shamrock is a Gay Madison institution.
It's often the same people, year after year, actually.
But that's what's so fun about it.
It's predominantly men, but when the ladies take over, it's always a really good time.
I've seen it all at Shamrock.
Dancing, signing, rubbing up against another...some of which I could have done without seeing.
Shamrock is friendly, welcoming, and comfortable.
There's reason it is such a staple in Gay Madison.

The Shamrock is a great place to go!
You're sure to find good food, good friends, and good times!
I stopped by for Sunday Brunch and it was EXCELLENT!
The food was great, even though it took some time to get.
I consider it worth the wait and the prices were even better!

Seems like a good crowd.
Very chill.
Cool signs, but the atmosphere is lacking.

Picture it... 1950s Wisconsin...dive bar, fried food, cheap beer...hold on, there's a bunch of homos in here?!!
GREAT bar... completely unpretentious, local fun times and reliably strong drinks.
Mixture of hot young things and real folk too.
Saturday night was a great mix of men and women, even though it was officially 'Bear' night...obviously no discrimination here and nice to see the boys and girls getting along!
Typically Madison.

Oh, Shammy: the least gay gay-bar ever.
The Shamrock is a low-key, somewhat divey bar that's LGBT-friendly but lacks the trappings of many other gay bars - no pounding bass, no dance floor, and quite a few straight folks that do not belong to a bachelorette party.
Shamrock is a great place to grab a drink if you want to be able to hold a conversation and Genna's and the 'dise are too crowded.
The drinks are big, the staff is nice, and the crowd is generally friendly and laid back.
Special thanks to Toni on St. Patrick's Day for putting up with our shenanigans.

In all honesty, the rating should be more like 3.5 or so.
This is an example of a great little neighborhood bar - friendly patrons, good drinks at a reasonable price, great people watching, and all in a easy to reach central location.
The one and only complaint is about the snotty DJ this past Saturday night that was too busy to talk about requests.
"I'm not playing right now" was the response...then turned away.
I don't know how hard it is for the Shamrock to find someone with a personality, but that single interaction has me saying they are "OK" and not better.
Other than that....  :-)

The Sham is a pretty typical bar with decent drinks.
Usually they have a bottled beer on special.
They also have karaoke nights, which are a lot of fun!

Great crowd, FANTASTIC bartenders, and excellent music.
Quickly becoming my favorite gay bar in Madison.

I adore the shamrock!!!!
It is my favorite brunch place on lazy Sundays!
The mimosas are the best!

I might be a little biased but, generally a great staff and strong drink.
Specials daily.
Great brunch, served 10-2, over the weekends.
Deejays, Thurs thru Saturday nights, no cover.

