I have passed this neighborhood bar down the street from me many a times and dubbed it the "old people" hang out.
However, during a Wisconsin game, you can bet the crowd will be young, vibrant, and different and dressed to the nines in red.
Although it looks small inside, it has surprisingly high ceilings and a second floor loft.
Which made it easy for a group of 4 of us to all get a place to sit around a table.
The beer in the pitchers starts flowing and a few bags of cool ranch Doritos are opened up.
Okay, so I'll give this place an extra star for the pure convenience of going (since it's literally a hop, skip, and jump away).

I want to give the Echo Tap a 4, but I'm just not quite there.
When it's not completely overloaded with obnoxious ticket holders for Kohl Center sporting events, it's a 4-4.5 star bar.
Unfortunately, it's teeming with the aforementioned too frequently for my liking.
It's not just the typical d-bags, either--there are older, holier-than-thou types who are especially rude.
Anyway.
When the Echo Tap is not crowded, it's so great.
There are lots of tables, a *kickass* jukebox, friendly bar staff, non-frightening bathrooms, an upstairs and downstairs, a great selection of beers on tap, and delicious food.
I've yet to try the Echo Burger (a beef patty AND brat patty), but I hear you can go into congestive heart failure by just looking at it.
Also, if you drink there often enough, you can get a "PBR Priority Card" in which you're always entitled to PBR drink specials.
Now that's just plain spectacular.

It took me a while to figure out the Echo.
I never even bothered with it for the first few years, but I was wasting time on Lower State Street and wouldn't have known a quality neighborhood bar anyway.
When you're 21 you figure a place like the Echo is for the Old People.
And that's not completely untrue, because this place is rarely full of young college kids.
And that's maybe why I've started to like the Echo more and more.
I started meeting friends down there for an after-class burger and a beer during my last year of college.
It quickly became a regular destination and a favorite place to kick back, relax and bully the jukebox.
I last dropped by the Echo after a hockey game at the Kohl Center, which is quickly becoming a habit.
Sometimes the place gets a bit too busy after a game but this wasn't one of those times.
The Echo has one of the better tap selections in Madison but for me it almost always comes down to the Sprecher Black Bavarian.
This is one of my all-time favorite beers and to find it on tap is a special treat.
Seriously - four stars just for having Black Bavarian on tap.
I'm told that the mix drinks are quite good but nothing's going to pry me away from my Black Bavarian.
The bartenders are quick and friendly unless the place is very crowded.
The bar area becomes a bit of a bottleneck and it can be difficult to get a beer.
I don't get food at the Echo all that often anymore but it is quite good.
They do a truncated menu on game days that leaves off my favorites, so I don't usually go here to eat on these days.
Other nights it's a relaxing place to grab a table and have a good time.
I especially like the cajun porkchop sandwich and the BLT.
It's served on French bread and is evidence of how something simple can be great.
But for the most part I stick to having a pre or post-game drink at the Echo.
I still run into a lot of old friends and acquaintances at this bar as well, which always makes for a good time.
Maybe I'm becoming an Old Person now, but the Echo is one of my favorite downtown destinations these days.

Just go, you won't be sorry.
Two stories, darts/pool, nice variety of "working man's beer," decent jukebox, interesting crowd, and good atmosphere.
Feels like you are in the middle of wisco...

I almost laughed at the "& Grill" stuck on the end of this listing.
I guess they have food...right?
I know you can order out and bring it in...Well now that I think of it, having food sounds about right.
After avoiding it like the plague for several months, I found myself at Echo for the first time during an excruciating Madison winter.
It was literally the closest bar to our apartment (as in, half a block away).
As most of my husband's UW friends lived in our building, that's where we ended up going.
I should preface this by saying that Echo is right across the street from the Greyhound bus depot.
Thus, there are dozens of homeless, drunken, scruffy vagabonds that traipse up and down this street at any given point, including right in front of -- and sometimes inside -- the bar.
Do not pay them any mind.
They're more like the Echo Tap bodyguards than a threat.
They, like you, just want to get drunk and forget about their problems.
Now, onto the bar itself.
From the outside, it looks like a trailer.
Inside, as expected, was a horde of local winos and UW grads from the class of '69, but also TWICE THE SPACE that anyone would have thought.
Are you kidding me?
Two floors?
Darts AND a pool table?
And, the most thrilling discovery of all, an AWESOME digital jukebox?
Also, they ask you "single or double?
" when you ask for a drink that any other place would just water down and give you less than a single.
I had two large vodka crans here and was fiiiiiiine without that $5 pitcher of Spotted Cow.
But of course I had the Cow anyway.
A great place to hang out with friends!
It's stuck in a moment, in the best way.
In the dead of winter, when I wish I could just hop out for a night out, I'll miss this place a lot.

Who would have thought you could find a dive townie bar in downtown Madison surrounded by the UW Campus?
But that is exactly what the Echo Tap is.
If you are sick of the college bars and want to go to a place with a lot of character I suggest the Echo.
This place has it's share of fun regulars that are certain to keep you entertained.
The upstairs has 3 dart boards and a pool table.
You can also get food like burgers, fries, chicken tenders, and the usual bar food.
The echo also sells cigarettes and small bottles of liquor.
Anytime is the best time to go but expect crowds while activities are going on at the Kohl Center.
Also ask if you can join the "PBR Priority Club"

Just a great townie bar.
Nothing special about this place, but that's okay since they don't pretend to be anything other than a bar you can go to and have a few beers with friends.
I have never had a bad time here.
Most of the college kids don't know about the tap so the crowd is very tolerable.
Prices are great, and the bartenders are genuine and friendly.
The only knock against the tap is that the food leaves something to be desired.
Everything is average and nothing stands out as anything other than basic bar food.
Which I guess isn't a bad thing!

Real people go here.
The more you go the better it gets.
Upstairs is as cool as a treehouse.

The Echo Tap is the most genuine Wisconsin bar in Madison.
They not only have the coldest beer and Jäger in town, but the food is excellent as well.
The Echo burger is a must try; with 1beef patty, 1brat patty, one slice of Swiss cheese and one slice of cheddar all topped with sautéd onions.
I am a very happy visitor.

I lived in Madison for a year, and whenever I think about missing Wisconsin, my mind goes immediately to the Echo Tap.
As people have said, this is a quintessential Wisconsin bar, from the High Life on tap to the darts to the crowd.
I used to go here with a friend every Monday, order a pitcher of High Life (on special, for $4.50 I think) and two shot glasses, and do a power hour at the bar.
One time, another patron gave me advice on getting a tattoo and hooked my friend up with a discount for a piercing.
Another time, a patron told us how he knew the woman in the moon on the High Life packaging.
There are darts and pool on the second floor, of course, and the drinks are super-cheap even before their insanely priced specials.
The bartender chats with the regulars, and it's an especially fun place to watch Packers games (or depressing, depending on the outcome, but I lived there in 2007 so it was great).
It's the perfect bar, basically.

Went here specifically to get cheese curds as they reported the 'best cheese curds in town'.
Very disappointed.
Caught the summer lunch crowd.
They beer selection was sophomoric, the cheese curds were pre-packaged and over-fried, and the food was cheap (both in expense and taste).
If you want the best cheese curds in Madison... don't go here.

If you read any of my other reviews, you'll note that I don't give bad ones lightly.
I just don't feel the "OMG, the ECHO!
" feeling for this place that some do.
I never frequented this place when I lived in Madison, but I went to the Echo on Saturday with some friends who did.
The Echo Tap smelled like butt cheeks.
It really and truly did.
I thank my lucky stars that I had forgotten to close my tab at the last bar so I had an excuse to dip out and meet up with them at the next stop.
If this dive didn't smell, it would have been a perfectly acceptable Wisconsin townie bar, but it did and I just can't recommend it (unless you have a cold).

Cheap beer, darts, and creepy guys...what more could you ask for?!?!?!
Echo Tap is fun, but definitely not near the top of my list as far as Madison bars go.
The bartenders and staff have always been really nice when I've gone.

Used to be a 2, Now it's a 4.
This place USED to be dingy, sticky floored, and smelly.
The taps always tasted dirty too.
NOT THE CASE NOW!
Now its pretty damn good!
They've completely redone the interior and added a nice little patio outside.
Many more TVs than there used to be too, and they are nice new ones.
Also, they pipe the game audio over the PA for all the big games.
The beer selection leaves something to be desired, but they almost always have a solid seasonal microbrew, and some Capital on tap.
All the lines taste clean now too, which is awesome.
They could definitely use some more Wisconsin craft taps though.
They have all the staples for you macro lovers though.
Pretty friendly townie staff that will give you shit on occasion, so don't come if you have no personality or are easily offended.
Food is pretty decent for bar food, and cheap.
The cheese curds are definitely passable, but not the best in town at all.
Their pizzas are pretty good too.
Some random notes: - The bar stools are pretty uncomfortable, but you forget about it after a few beers.
- Clientele can be quite interesting sometimes, from stumble drunks to college sorority girls.
It's a pretty interesting mix.
- They don't charge extra if you forget to close out your tab at the end of the night.
- Good drink specials - The reviews on here from 2010 and earlier don't really apply anymore, since they remodeled the entire place.
- Awesome spot to watch sports.
Fin.

This place is pretty cool.
There are TVs everywhere you look.
There is plenty of seating.
The service was excellent.
The bartender came up to our table right away when we sat down and was very good about checking if we needed another beer before we finished the beer in front of us.
We ordered some appetizers for our group...all were delicious.
Good quality bar food.
Next time, we want to try the hand tossed pizza.
All the tables around us ordered pizzas, and it looks and smells amazing.

Stopped here before Badger BB game and during a Badger FB game,cuz it was in Mad City cocktail book.
Place was of course busy but found a comfortable table upstairs..Burgers and fries well above average.
Service was VERY good considering size of crowd.A good overall experience all things considered.

So my family got together for dinner and the Echo Tap was the place of choice for my sister (birthday girl).
None of us have never been there before with the exception of my wife who had been there way back in the day.
So dinner is on our minds and we had a good time!
First off we had a decent size group with kids so we sat upstairs and the music was very loud but they turned that down.
I like bars that feel like bars and the Echo tap did for sure feel like a bar and PBR on tap...perfect!
Cheese Curds = Always awesome especially since they were lightly breaded!
Now for my meal I wanted to go for what I hear they were known for and that is the Cheeseburger.
I got it and was surprised on how small it was but the taste totally outweighed the small size of the burger because it was an excellent burger.
Not your typical pre-made burger slapped on a grill..these burgers were handmade for sure and awesome!
My wife got the pizza and much to my surprise, it was very good.
Now, being good does not make it a place I would go to just to get pizza but much better than other bars who just toss in a frozen pizza.
Overall a good night and a good place to eat of have drinks.

I really like Echo Tap.
There are lots of great beers on tap.
They have amazing bar food.
(I highly recommend the cheese curds.
) There is a good view of a TV no matter where you are.
This is a good place to go before or after going to the Kohl Center for an event.
Thursday night trivia is always fun too.

Echo tap and grill is a loud bar with a lot of televisions playing sports games on the walls.
All in all it's fairly ordinary, very loud, and  has a poor layout on the interior.
However, they have food and the prices for liquor and beer are quite fair.
This place is a drinker's tavern, similar to what you would find on the south side of Chicago but brighter and cleaner inside.
There may be some yuppies and college kids around, but note those old horses at the bar -- they're the real ones who have likely been occupying that stool longer than you've been alive.
Recommended if you're ducking your AA meeting.
Otherwise, you may wish to drink at your own risk.

The Echo's remodel made the place roomier and brighter.
There's a great selection of beers, and you must absolutely try the Echo Burger, a pagaent of beef and bratwurst goodness that will challange your coronary arteries.
The staff is friendly even though they're always in a hurry.

Well, Im wondering if some of the reviewers had partaken of drinking a tad much and then eating.
Im not sure what all the hype is about.
Their burgers and chicken sandwiches are way overpriced for BAR food.
I would expect more for $9 (when you add extras).
Dont get me wrong, they are not BAD, but not worth the money (chicken was DRY DRY DRY).
Small sized, not that tasty.
We had ordered delivery, but I doubt that changes the quality and size much?
And they sent a very small amount of fries, too.
Also forgot to put the extra fixing on the deluxe burger, which is $1.50 add on.
BOOO!
The breaded mushrooms were undercooked (not just cold) and still doughy.
I dont think I will ever order delivery from them.
I wonder if they really just dont want to deliver, so they end up sending not so good food.

Seems to be a pretty nice place.
I went there last night for Team Trivia, and there was a good crowd.
Great selection of local beer on tap, and good options.
Their fries were delicious.
The staff was attentive and the bathrooms were clean.
Can't really complain about anything!

This place probably has the best bar food in the city.
With their recent expansion, adding a HUGE new kitchen and updating the interior, some might say that the Echo has lost it's feel.
Not true.
The food is as good as it has been in the past, and with the addition of some pizza ovens, there are a lot of great offerings.
Start with the echo burger (a great appetizer for two if you cut it in half), then once your friends come, order a calzone for a second small plate.
Just cut it in to 8 pieces because it is very large.
($9) Once your appetite is going, up the ante with a round of Jagermeisters to really get the juices flowing.
If you're lucky it's Thursday.
Five tacos for $4.
Get a few rounds of those crispy little devils and finish up with another round of Jagermeisters.
The Echo Tap has a lot going on, and for those of you who try to deny it's greatness, think again.

We hit the Echo for a little bar food goodness this past Friday.
Seats were secured in the covered outdoor section; ceiling-mounted radiant heaters kept us toasty and warm, despite the micro-blizzard that was taking place outside (in April!).
Our server was decent; not the fastest, but he was on top of things.
Tap selections were decent; a few unique ones, but fairly ordinary otherwise.
We ordered an appetizer and decided to share a pizza.
The 'za was fantastic - I'd definitely order it in the future.
Great crust, fresh toppings and very tasty.
Meal was a tad pricey; our total came-in at just over $70 for a few rounds of drinks and the food.
I like the place and will be back for sure.
Echo  = WIN  Food = 3.5 stars (good bar food) Service = 3.5 stars Value = 3 stars MISC = 4 stars (love the outdoor area; heaters were a nice/welcomed touch)

When I was in college, Echo was where all my hip student radio station friends would go in search of stories that would make you cringe come Sunday morning.
It was dingy enough to satisfy dive bar needs but sketchy enough to make you seem edgy in comparison to all your Plaza-going friends.
White girl from the suburbs of Minnesota needs all the edge she can get.
Echo has since been revamped as of last summer or so and while I miss some of the "edge", I usually get by just fine as I'm conquering one of their delicious, giant calzones.
Also, after [an attempt at] playing tennis last week, my friend introduced me to the fact that Echo dishes out 5 tacos for $4 on Thursdays.
Nothing compliments tennis quite like tacos so we nabbed a table inside, grabbed a beer and placed our orders with the friendly waiter.
He looked at us with an eyebrow raised (probably having confused us with Maria Sharapova and Anna Kournikova) and asked whether we were planning to share the 5 tacos.
Ha - silly, rabbit.
"That'll be 5 tacos each please.
"  Nothing crazy unique going on here but it's a comfortable venue with an adequate beer selection, enjoyable bar food and saucy-ish tennis players.

Alright setup, nice furniture, nothing out of the blue here, but bad service.
I was DD-ing and the bartender charged me for a soda, called "last-call" well before commonplace last-call time, and was generally rude.
I would not go back.

One upon a time, this was a 5 star place in my book.
Good bar food, cheap beer and a huge selection.
Over the past two years, the owners have tried to make this a restaurant with a bar instead of a bar that serves food.
As a result, the menu is better, but the service is very slow.
A half hour to get a burger?
Also, beer prices have skyrocketed.
I should not have to pay $10.50 for a pitcher of Miller Lite.
Tip...you are not an exclusive bar that can get away with charging that much for beer!
I don't know another place that charges that much for a pitcher of macrobrew water.
The Tap gets 3 stars because the food tastes pretty good, but I won't be drinking there in the future.

I have ordered the grilled chicken sandwich the last four times I've been there, and I'm still amazed at how delicious it is.
Another favorite is the buffalo chicken sandwich.
Of course, they're known for their calzones, so they don't even need mentioning.
Surprisingly, their salads are quite good as well--I personally love the spinach/walnut/goat cheese.
They have a wide variety of beers on tap, and if you check into FourSquare 5 times, it's free!
The service is usually good, and the food is very reasonably priced.

8/4/13 My wife and I stopped in and sat on the patio.
We enjoyed a 12" build your own pizza, Greek salad, and a few beers.
After eating we went upstairs and played a quick game of Cricket.
This isn't the Echo I remembered from my youth and was glad for it.
I'm not sure when they remodeled, but I was impressed by their reinvention.
;-)

Updating my review after multiple visits with good food and even better service.
In addition, Echo recently expanded their patio hours and came to a neighborhood meeting.
Does it get more Wisconsin than that?
I think not.
Conveniently located on my block, and a fun place to grab casual food and drinks.
Definitely one of my favorite trivia spots to hit up; I'm almost a regular for the Thursday night crowd.
It does get pretty crazy on trivia nights, so get there early if you want a seat.
The food is typical pub fare: burgers, pizza, and calzones.
They have a pretty tasty tofu burger and spinach salad for the veggies, which is something I always appreciate.
Drinks are typical of a college bar: lots of beer options and standard mixed drinks.
Every now and then they'll have specials, but it's not one of their strong points, so I'd like to see more of those.
Game days are especially fun at Echo.
Most times, they give shots for Wisconsin touchdowns and Echo bucks out (think Monopoly money that you can use to pay for your food).
Stop by if you're in the mood to experience some Wisconsin fun and tasty pub fare.

Great bar!
But the food here stinks.
Nothing I hate more than being severed cold fries.

My first dinner back in Madison, and it did not disappoint!
At 8PM on a Wednesday night, there were still quite a few table filled outside on the patio.
My friend and I chose a table facing one of the suspended flat screens and had a great time catching up and enjoying the warm weather.
I ordered the Echo chicken sandwich (sans mayo) with a house salad on the side.
The salad was a nice starter - cold and refreshing, but the real star of the meal was the sandwich.
I was a huuggggee fan of the flatbread!
Two days later, we were back for dinner, and this time my friend and I split a 14" chicken pizza.
I liked that we had the option to go with a thin crust, a thick crust, or their 'thickest crust' - it's good to know that they make their pizza per order!
Anyway, we decided to go with the thickest crust and ended up with a whole lot of leftovers.
Honestly, I wasn't a huge fan of the pizza because it was a little too cheesy for my taste - blasphemous, I know!
(To think I somehow lived in the ol' dairy state for a whole year... ) I actually preferred the pizza cold and the cheese a little more congealed, which was how I had it for breakfast the next morning.
Echo is a little out of the way for typical State Street bar-hoppers, but I think it does a great job servicing the residential area in its vicinity and offers a nice change of scenery.

Was impressed with their delivery!
It's hard to have good fries when they're delivered to you, but these were great.
Plus the Echo Burger is amazing -- cheesy, a great mix of burger and brat flavors, and the onions really help bring it all together.
Yum.
Was also really happy because they tossed in some candy with my delivery -- guessing it was a Halloween special thing and not something they do all the time, but was just a great little extra thing!
:) Definitely will be going there to enjoy some drinks and more food soon!

I had a fish sandwich on a Friday afternoon.
It was very average.
Thinking this isn't the thing for this place though...

Delivery was extremely fast (ordered at 3 and they were here at 3:20) and meal was still warm!
I got the plain chicken sandwich and it's delicious.
Also, I Loved the candy that came with it!

Went to the Echo for Packer Game Day this week - excellent experience  Service:  great.
Quick and efficient  Food:  The chili is OUTSTANDING.
They use chunks of beef vs. ground beef.
It is spicy.
The beans were cook right...not too hard and not too mushy.
I would come back for the chili alone  Bar:  I am purely a beer drinker and there selection was great.
Also the server gave me samples when requested as they had several, several tap selections that I had never had.
Atmosphere:  Wonderful game day atmosphere;  It was a lot of fun!
Everyone was friendly.
Obviously the Packers dominated the bar, but other games and other fans were there as well.
I am definitely going back - I want to try a pizza!!

Due to closeness, I'm almost a regular at the Echo.
I usually have a low tolerance for sports bars, but i've managed to grow fond of the Echo Tap.
Maybe part of it is because its location isn't that close to Camp Randall, so they don't get as high of volume of drunken fans that are hanging out before/after the game, but it's still in the downtown area, so it doesn't attract very many townies either.
So, in regards to the crowd there, it's a good mix of college kids/young professionals/middle aged people.
It's a variety that I enjoy.
Food wise, it's solid for the most part.
Some of their dishes are hits, such as the Tofu Walnut Burger, or the Aristotle's Dilemma Pizza.
I've had a few things that I would only call okay though, like the deluxe grilled cheese, or the nacho plate.
So, I usually just stick with only a few of the items.
They're one of the more vegetarian friendly sports bars, so if that's a need you have (Like I do), then this spot will definitely serve a need for you.
The drink selection is also fine.
There's at least one of every major beer type there, and most of them are from Wisconsin.
I believe there's about 20 taps available, and there's also more choices in bottles if you're feeling more adventurous.
They do some cocktails as well, but it's mostly just the standards that you're used to, and it isn't too adventurous.
They don't carry much (if any) top shelf liquor, so don't expect the cocktails to be too fancy or amazing.
Overall, I enjoy the Echo Tap, and it's usually one of my first choices for a place to go watch the game at with the bros.  Like I said, I have a really low tolerance for sports bars, so just the fact that I can say that I kinda like this place says a lot in comparison to the rest.
Also, it's fun to do trivia here on occasion, so it's a good place to hit up on Sunday nights.

Echo Tap & Grill doesn't really stand out from the other pubs around Madison, but it doesn't have to.
With cheap drinks, delicious food and trivia nights, Echo Tap & Grill is a more casual option for fans of sport bars.
The service was efficient and fast, and the place wasn't overly loud or crowded.
We got a few pitchers of Spotted Cow, a pepperoni and sausage pizza and an order of cheese curds to share.
The pizza was great, with its warm, melted cheese fused with the chunks of meat, and a crispy crust with a satisfying crunch.
The cheese curds were just ok for me, as I would have liked it to be more tender and for the cheese more melted.
Echo Tap, while nothing groundbreaking, does a great job doing just that: being a typical Madison pub.

I live around the corner and find that it's a nice corner bar but the service is hit or miss ranging from good to abysmal.
Not that anyone is rude; they're simply overwhelmed and understaffed at times.
Good bar food, good beer, cozy place.
Wish I could give them a better rating.

