Tom and Robin, the couple that runs this company, are Madison's friendly east-side slumlords with a smile.
They fail to truly keep up their properties due to their lack of rules and requirements for each renter to fix up or change back (ex: repaint) their properties before they leave, their lack of utilization of professional cleaning or handyman services between rental periods, and the complete incompetence of their one very unprofessional handyman.
They also often don't cash rent checks until a couple of weeks later - which originally screwed me up in accounting for my checking account balance (I've since reluctantly adjusted to the delays).
I also recently became aware of the absence of any protocol for lock-outs.
I thanked god my roommate was in town and reachable at the time, but wondered what would have happened if she hadn't been.
But gee, they are awfully friendly...

I take back the friendly comment.
Tom wrote me a horribly condescending email about not reading over his contradictory sublease agreement enough to understand why they would deduct charges from damages that were made before I even moved in.
Their failure to provide me with a check-in sheet (against the law) and contradictory and condescending manner in redressing my grievance is completely unacceptable.

I have seen other negative reviews here, but for some reason they keep disappearing.
Firstly, they overcharge.
However, I would be willing to pay extra for a nice place.
Not this place --this place is a wreck --a horribly maintained house.
When I moved in, there was hair in the bathtub (all over), peeling paint, filthy oven, on and on.
When I peeled the paint from one of the doors to show him, he said "well, it's not lead paint".
I asked him, why I had, thenn signed a waiver that stated that he "DID NOT KNOW" if it was lead paint or not.
He would no answer.
Of course, it is lead paint.
He said this --knowing that I have small children.
And, this is the guy who writes all this hypocritical Buddhist sentiments on his website.
Scary guy.
He also increased my rent 6% after one year --even though I pay on time, am a professional, and have improved the apartment.
He just figures that I make enough money that he can rip me off.
When I pointed out the increase and complained, he responded with a terse condescending email.
They lie and take advantage of people.
Tom's narcissism keeps him from recognizing this --he likes to see himself as a Buddhist, free-thinker, advocate for the people --etc.
He is simply a slum lord who is out to rip you off and deny your rights.
He intimidates his tenants to keep them from complaining.
Meanwhile, he seems to think there is nothing wrong with exposing young children to lead and renting out apartments that arent fit to live in.

If the way they show apartments is any indication of what it's like to actually rent from them, I'd look somewhere else.
After waiting 15 minutes after my appointment time at the apartment, I called the company, and Robin said she "forgot" my appointment.
Furthermore Robin failed to inform me the current tenant at the place I wanted to see had decided to resign her lease.
I had made the appointment a week in advance, so it would seem there was ample time to inform me that property was not available.
Thanks for nothing!

