There are better meals to be had within a block or two of this Sunprint location, but if you need a quick, no frills meal before a meeting the governor, this place will do you no wrong.
Reasonable prices, quick service, and decent food.
Also, tell the governor I need a raise.

Two words: egg sandwich.

Tried Sunprint for the first time today and had their club roll up.
While I enjoyed the sunny color scheme and the quick service I was severely disappointed by my lunch dish.
First of all, the potatoes were dessicated to the point that my fork had trouble skewering them.
Even when I managed to get a hold of them they turned out to be utterly devoid of flavor.
Moving on to the wrap made things even worse.
I quickly realized that my wrap (which had no seafood in it) smelled like it had been smothered in fish oil!
I am an avid fan of sushi and sashimi but the smell made me want to gag.
Maybe the breakfast is better?
I won't know, I am going to pass next time a trip to Sunprint is suggested.

For downtown Madison, Sunprint is a decent option.
It used to offer soy-rizo and other interesting vegan foods, but now all it offers for is a tofu scramble (from 7 a.m. to 11 a.m.) and after that, the only options are basic sandwiches or the vegan club.
I had the vegan club ($7) which consists of grilled portabella, baked eggplant, tomatoes, lettuce and hummus on a bread roll.
It was pretty decent, especially considering the price; the mushroom was nicely marinated and the eggplant and hummus added good flavor.
The sandwich is pretty messy, though, and hard to eat.
It's one of those "tall" sandwiches where you have to unhinge your jaw in order to take a bite of it.
It was made of white flour, which was also disappointing.
I would have preferred a softer, wholewheat submarine roll, which would have been easier to eat and also tastier and healthier.
If you're looking for quick lunch downtown, Sunprint works.
If it added more vegan options and expanded its hours, I would visit more often.

Legit breakfasts and fair prices.
Layout is cafeteria-style.
The employees are pretty nice.
Fair ambiance and lots of windows.
Probably good for a snowy day.
Good coffee too.
As other reviewers said, there are better near here, that's why only 3 stars.

I work on the square, so I have a long history with Sunprint and its various owners.
I am continuously disappointed with the customer service, the food quality and the overall effort that is put in by Sunprint.
Others must agree, because there is no reason that a casual, medium-priced cafe on the square shouldn't be anything but PACKED all day long.
And its not.
My experience today has prompted me to finally speak my mind.
I have a love-hate relationship with their salad bar.
I love that its convenient, but HATE the salad bar.
I get a stomach ache every time I have it.
It never fails.
I give it a few months, tell myself that it was just a fluke or that maybe the food is better and give it another try.
And it happens AGAIN!!!
Today the spinach was clearly old and had spots on it.
I mentioned it casually to the cashier, who went to tell the owner.
He took a quick look at it, and said, "Eh, it's fine" to himself and walked away.
So, I'm going to borrow the owner's attitude and say, "Eh" and walk away next time I"m hungry and Sunprint is an option.

Loved breakfast and lunch here.
Great ingredients, great food.
Very friendly staff and reasonable prices.

I was doing some work at GEF2 for a couple days and needed to get out of the office for lunch but didn't want to go too far.
My colleague suggested Sunprint, it is inside the US Bank building.
I liked it so much we went two days in a row!
The salad bar is really good and everything was fresh!
The soups were good- Veggie Chili everyday.
They also have a grill where they make-to-order sammies and wraps.
I got the Veggie wrap one day that was great and came with oven roasted potatoes as a side.
The place is very spacious- you don't feel like people are crawling up you when you are trying to eat.
I appreciate this fact.
Sure, it is not the most original place however I liked that it was fast and delish.

Pro's: Good variety including vegetarian food, so everyone in a group can find something that works.
Lemons are provided for water (that's worth a star right there, for me) Sunny, pleasant decor.
Enough space between tables that you can have a private political conversation with colleagues or a juicy dirt session with the girls.
Quiche du jour!
And I'm almost always in the mood for that.
Cons: Quiche is almost always full of meat, so no quiche for you, vegetarians.
The soup and sandwich special only gives you the choice of one type of sandwich each day.
So when I ordered the vegan soup, my only sandwich option was roast beef.
There is something wrong with this picture.
The roasted veggie roll up I had on my last visit was filled with tough, veiny lettuce.
Who wants lettuce paired with roasted Mediterranean veggies?
I thought it was an odd choice in the first place, made worse by the fact that the lettuce wasn't edible.
That said, they have done better in the past and I will keep it in my rotation.
Their star is really breakfast.
If they served past 11, I would be here much more often.

Breakfast is great and reasonably priced.
Lunch is so-so, yet the only lunch option under 10 dollars is a small, sad grilled cheese with tomato for 7 dollars (on par with something you could make at home), I would therefore only recommend this place for breakfast.
The ambience is nice, a small sunny space with new furniture.

All around good place to stop for a bite.
Reasonable prices and quality food.

I've been eating at Sunprint ever since its current owners bought it from the original owners, when it was still at the US Bank building.
I've seen the changes...like when they added the salad bar, when they first tried doing dinner hours, and when they started weekly specials from the CSA box.
Despite a rather plain space (governed by landlord regulations) and a limited kichen, they produced some of the most filling fare on the square, simple and homemade from start to finish.
Best croissants in town, hands down, and when they had pumpkin scones you had to be there EARLY to get your hands on one!
Being able to get a three-egg omelet, toast, potatoes, and bottomless coffee early in the morning for under $8 was one thing I really missed when we moved to Baltimore last year, so when we came back to Madison for a friend's wedding this spring, it was on my list of places to eat again, especially when I heard that they'd changed locations.
Now that they've opened in their new space, the simple-yet-quality food has an environment to match it, with the old spa decor transformed into something that makes me think of French cafés.
Granted, I've never been to France, but seriously,  it's classy without being stuffy.
And the food stays up to par.
I got my omelet breakfast, my husband got a breakfast burrito, and the baby ate toast.
:)  For a filling breakfast of REAL food that comes in under $8, you seriously can't beat Sunprint.
The clientele is mostly business types, but the air is still friendly and relaxed, and nobody seemed upset about sharing their morning meal with a 9-month-old.
Lunch is a little pricier, but the specials are worth a visit at least a few times a week, and the soups (all also made from scratch, I might add -- i've borrowed some recipes from them!
) are worth stopping in for and make a wonderful inexpensive, quick lunch.
I'm really looking forward to seeing what they're going to do with the  rest of their new space (I heard rumors of a wine bar!
), and I'm glad that they're coming into their own.
With any luck, they'll be there the next time we make it back to the Midwest!

Just had a delicious dinner with my husband to celebrate our son graduating high school today.
The new space is gorgeous and warm.
If I could design my own restaurant it would look just like it.
Our dinner was delicious.
My husband had the salmon with cucumber sauce and almost licked his plate.
I had the duck and it was tender enough to cut with my fork.
The surprisingly good addition of a pear was a unique twist.
The salad were huge, bread came with dinner ~ how can you go wrong.
The chef even sent over a grilled shrimp skewer for us to sample and it was smokey and beautifully presented.
Let's hope Madison supports their new venture into dinner, or maybe not....this could be our hidden gem for date night.

3 different vegan tofu scrambles -- that aren't really scrambles -- instead, cubes of tofu with about a tablespoon of overcooked veggies.
Pretty flavorless.
But if you must get one of them, get the florentine as the oregano adds a little bit of punch.
Roasted potatoes -- bland.
Tabouli (vegan) -- that isn't really tabouli -- no parsley.
Not what I expected.
Fruit salad -- mostly melons, which I like, but most people wouldn't.
Coffee was good.
Since there aren't any other vegan breakfast options in the neighborhood immediately around the capitol square, they deserve 3 stars.
In LA, they'd be 2.
If you can make your way to Monty's Blue Plate Diner a couple miles away, you'll find better fare.

I was a bit panicked when this place was closed at its old location.
Fortunately it opened just two blocks away in a great location.
The new digs have several spaces ranging from trendy breakfast diner to comfy couches and dimmed lighting.
Looks like they even have a meeting room.
On my infrequent visits to Madison this is the place I will slip into for a great breakfast and some computer work before venturing off to whatever brought me to Madison in the first place.
All the menu options are fresh and tasty with  the breads and eggs especially flavorful.
Several coffees are on tap and it looks like the beverage selection has expanded since they moved.
Never been there for lunch but it looks like a combination of order up if you'd like, make your own if you'd rather.
Staff is friendly but not overly warm.
Feels just fine to me.
Always a good local crowd with many passing through to pick up something for the office or for lunch later.
Note the times.
Typically breakfast through lunch only.
There is a great pub next store if they are closed...

I like the new location.
I have only tried the coffee & pastries so far but both are still excellent.
Monkey Bread, mmm.
The new space has a nice cafe feel that looks suitable for just relaxing, lunch or a meeting (they still have meeting space).

Not the best place in Madison by far, but Sunprint had decent healthy food.
I had the veg sandwich... it had way too much bread :-/ Salads were ok, but nothing great.
The BF had the cuban, which wasn't great either.
In no way was the food bad, it just wasn't somewhere I would to twice while on vacation...

Had them cater an event - food was very good, 2 types of quiche - excellent reviews from all meeting participants.
They did forget to bring a fruit platter - luckily I had ordered enough other food that it wasn't that big of a deal, but still not the best way to make an impression.
The delivery was also quite early - about 15-20 minutes before scheduled deliver time - earlier is always better than late, however with hot food, it creates a challenge...food was nicely prepped though.
I would likely order from them again, but will certainly be double checking the order upon arrival and will stress delivery time.

I frequent this place during the morning weekdays.
I stop in for the "Breakfast Special.
" If I recall correctly it is priced at 3.95.
Super cheap.
You get two scrambled eggs, roasted potatoes, and two toasts.
I enjoy the seasonal cherry and strawberry jams that they offer.
Delicious!
I honestly find this to be a very satisfying breakfast that keeps me coming back every week.
I also tried their cake frosting coffee which was very good!
I love how the sun beams in the morning and it really does give me a sun-roomish feel.
May go back tomorrow morning because writing about the breakfast is making me crave it again!

In town on business and this place was around the corner from the hotel.
The space itself is very nice.
Very open and full of light.
The staff is very friendly.
The food on the other hand, not so much.
I came in for a late breakfast (around 11:30am) and had the florentine omelet.
It was pretty bland.
The killer for me were the potatoes that were incredibly stale and tasted like they had been sitting around for hours.
Maybe that's what I get for ordering breakfast so late in the day.
i also took a granola with yogurt and fruit back for my fiance.
When we opened it up to eat it, the granola was stale, the yogurt was runny, and some of the fruit was mealy.
This place is nice for it's convenience, but I look forward to seeing what else Madison has to offer for breakfast options.

Note to everyone everywhere attempting to cook tofu:  SPICES.
It's a tricky ingredient to master, but if you're putting it on your menu you should have something tasty to back it up.
Sunprint's scramble = large chunks of flavorless tofu with a few veggies mixed in.
The potatoes are dry and lacking.
I maintain that the place is worthy of 3 stars because I like the bright new space and I'm willing to go back and give it another try.
Overall, I wasn't impressed.

I had heard a lot of great things about this place and today I decided to try it out.
The restaurant is bright, cute and chic.
The staff was friendly and even though I ordered to go, they chatted with me while I waited for my food.
I got a Santa Fe salad and it was very tasty.
It had grilled veggies, chicken, avocado and salsa and salad.
It was flavorful and pretty.
Perfect for the first real spring day of 2014!

Went in after the Farmer's Market last Saturday.
The food was good but the employees were obviously not happy to see our kids there.
We ordered a hot cocoa for my daughter which was entirely too hot (steaming).
I approached the counter and explained that the drink was meant for my six year old and that it was too hot.
He kind of argued with me about it and offered to put in ice cubes.
I told him that ice cubes wouldn't help, could you add some cold milk?
Luckily the small woman behind the counter jumped in to help.
The hot cocoa ended diluted and warm with ice cubes.
Not the best service.
Not sure that we will go there again with the kids.
Great place otherwise.

My wife and I come here almost on a weekly basis during the farmers market for breakfast.
The food and coffee is low cost and tastes great.
We've only eaten here for breakfast so I can't vouch for their lunch menu.
Also, service is quite quick and often we will have our meal in about 10 minutes from the time of ordering.
I would highly recommend giving this place a shot!

