Great selection of used books to look through, friendly people.
They are very homely, the perfect nook and cranny sort of place for a used bookstore connossiuer.
Thin, long and cozy.
The one department they seem to lack slightly in is being up to date on new releases, but who goes to used bookstores for such a thing?
For collectors, avid readers, or anyone looking for a classic used book store atmosphere, Paul's is in a fabulously convenient location and will provide winningly.

Excellent, eclectic selection of old postcards and frame-able prints in addition to a wide array of book titles.

if it helps, this place really smells like a bookstore.
even from the street as you are walking by and their door is open.

Everything I want in a used bookstore--a massive history section, especially American history and labor history, and lots of political philosophy and public policy.
They also had a really old edition of Archy and Mehitabel in the window, which I kind of wanted, but I ended up getting a book by Robert Wiebe about early American democracy.
And yes, it does smell like a bookstore!

A fun place to go in and get lost among precious musty books.

If you're looking for a bookstore that embodies Madison, Paul's is it.
I do like rambling bookstores with nooks and crannies, but Paul's stands out for needing a thorough cleaning.
It's extremely dusty -- and that's without any car traffic on State St. A few of the sections could also use a purge and freshening.
Still, the store had a nice vibe, with NPR blaring, people wandering in and out to say hi to staff and owners, and lots of wastrels killing time between coffees.

I could get drunk off the book smell here... what an awesome place!
Everything is super old and if you're super old like me, the history & art sections alone are worth taking a couple hours to pick through.
Which I did.
I really liked this place, but I do get the overwhelming feeling that the books are all talking about me... or something.
You know what I mean.
That, I'm not sure I want this shiz up in my house feeling... Or that the books themselves have a sordid history... never mind.

Books crammed in every corner!
Everything a used book store should be.
Worth checking out and perusing for an hour or so.

Dear Paul,   First of all, I'm glad you've been around since 1954.
In those 60 odd years you certainly amassed a marvelously random assortment of reading material.
But random is good, random is the standard jargon for what Madisonians would term 'eclectic'.
And we love you for it.
We find your dusty, wooden shelves to be wholly endearing.
Stuffed with all sorts of novels that retell tales both fabled and fact, myth and reality, yet all the while captivating in their accounts.
There's an almost automatic tendency to get lost amongst your towering bookshelves and the stories that each whispers, while browsing through history and life stories disclosed in written form.
There's a natural inclination to relive each account with a vigor, reinstated by the thirst for escaping present afflictions if only for a while.
Thank you Paul for the temporary reprieve and the relaxing diversion.
Nothing Gonna Change My Love For You.

