OK travelers and MadTowners that are hosting travelers - this hostel is a great asset for Madison.
Why have your friends crash out on your floor when they can stay in their own bed for only $18!
Full disclosure, I work for Hostelling International Chicago and therefore totally love hostels as a great way to travel cheap and meet fun fellow travelers along the way.
I have stayed at the Madison Hostel in the past and, while not a large hostel, it gives you just what you need when you're in Madison.
The rooms are comfortable, the beds are soft, and the facility is kept clean.
One stand out is the staff here, the manager Mike is a great guy and takes pride in providing a great overnight experience.
At the hostel you are likely going to meet travelers from everywhere, even from as far away as Chicago.
No really, we often direct our foreign travelers to the Madison hostel, because they often ask where is the next nearest hostel to Chicago.
Check in and check it out!

This hostel was great for so many reasons.
Reserved parking allowed me to access my folding bike to go, "Weeeee!
" across the lake.
The location is perfect, quiet yet close to everything.
The staff was so helpful, people overall friendly and the place was very clean.
My husband and I had a shared room one night (very nice) and private for the last 3 (very nice, too).
I would definitely go back.
Much cheaper than a hotel and you get the whole experience of meeting people from around the world.

Yet again a very inexpensive and very friendly experience.
We decided to stay again at the hostel and got a private room with a full-size bed that demanded that you rise by at least 8 am.
Hey, you don't stay at a hostel to sleep without end or shag with comfort!
No!
It's cheap, friendly, safe and doesn't break the bank.
Please note: Limited parking is extremely limited and the street parking directly in front is metered.
Walk about 4-5 blocks West and the free parking is plentiful.
Take your shoes off and stay a while!

Fun times, totally about the hostel movement.
Good place for kids if they are open minded and want to learn new thingss .
Close to major points for Madison Metro.
The most environmentally "on" place we have visited.
They get it.

I understand that this is a hostel, and therefore is not going to have the same amenities as a hotel.
That being said, I am unsure as to why the hostel received such positive reviews.
First, our room...
The room that my boyfriend and I stayed in was not clean.
The top bunk of the bunk bed was covered in crumbs and pieces of stuff that I don't even want to know what they were.
The cover on the top bunk was also plastic, and we were not provided with another sheet to put on top of it.
Also, one of the windows in our room did not have a screen.
I don't know why, but this bothered me a lot.
There was also NO AIR CONDITIONING at this hostel.
I noticed that this was not mentioned on yelp, but I think that this is an important consideration if you will be visiting in the summer.
It was HOT.
I know other rooms had fans, but ours did not.
The bathroom...
I was okay with my stay at the hostel, until I went to take a shower.
Since the hostel is attempting to be environmentally friendly, they have a "water saver" in the shower head.
What this actually does it spray all of the water to the left and right, and only a small amount where you want it to be.
There was also mold on the ceiling directly above the shower.
The hostel also uses towels to dry your hands instead of paper towels, which I think is an awesome idea.
But they ran out of towels by the first night of my stay and they were not replenished by the time I checked out.
Overall, I would stay here only because it is a VERY inexpensive way to stay in downtown Madison.
My boyfriend and I agreed that staying at the hostel was kind of like sleeping over at a friend's house when your little and that friend's house kind of sucks.

This place is OK.
Shoes must be taken off before you come inside.
Staff was really, really friendly and that was nice.
Rooms are RIGHT by the kitchen which can be annoying/noisy.
Also gets FREEZING in here at night.

Terrible, terrible hostel.
All the favorable reviews are from corporate employees of hostelling international.
The building and rooms are the most dilapidated I've seen.
The beds are painfull and the temperature is freezing.
Worst of all there is this rip off restaurant run by a scary Jamaican guy, connected to the hostel, that blasts regae all night long!
I mean till two am on a Tuesday, sleeping and comfort are impossible here.
It's not even worth $2.50 a night.

Welcoming desk staff, great location, felt warm and friendly, lots of great info about the area.

This is the only hostel I've ever stayed in, so I can't compare it to others.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the building, the full kitchen, and the location (right in downtown).
The staff was very nice and helpful, and you can't beat the price.
My only complaint was that the heater in my room didn't work.
It didn't end up being too cold, so it wasn't a problem on my stay, but would've been a big issue a little later into the season.

I love all the colors and great atmosphere at this hostel.
As a frequent hosteler, I can say the accommodations are better than standard, with legitimately comfy beds.
The hostel isn't too large, so it feels welcoming and it is easy to meet people.
I have stayed here often, and it almost felt like I was home the last time I was there.

As a grad of hotel school, I'm used to 4+ star hotels, so I was skeptical.
But I can honestly say that I very much enjoyed my first stay in a hostel.
The facilities were  clean, comfy, safe, convenient and friendly.
And who can beat the price?
I'm glad I listened to my young cousin :)

For the money it was good overall.
The noise was a bit much as my room was across from the kitchen and I was awoken at 630AM to someone in the kitchen talking on their phone.
There was that and someone decided to play the piano down in the living room area which could be heard throughout the entire hostel.
The location is good and the staff was friendly though.

staff was exceptionally friendly, it was a great experience- - hostelling is not for everyone - i enjoyed my stay and met some really neat fellow travelers.
The facilities were clean, i'd stay again

