I dont' like pizza, but I can still appreciate this place.
They have heaping portions of pasta and the biggest slices of flat-crust traditional pizza that I have ever seen with everything you can imagine on them.
Great for a quick bite, affordable, with fast-food like seating.
A drunken favorite late at night for pizza by the slice.
4 stars.

Like Ians, I just don't get this place.
The service at times is surly and confusing.
The pizza is extremely cheap and quite good.
They have a wide selection of after-bar fried foods.
Otherwise there isn't anything very exciting about Pizza Di Roma.

There's better greasy pizza to be had when you're drunk and craving food that's bad for you (particularly now that there's an Ian's on State St).
I might consider this pizza almost inedible if not drunk.

I actually like this place better than Ian's for a late-night pizza on or near State Street.
It's your more classic New York-style, greasy pizza that comes in huge slices.
It's not as crowded as Ian's, so you'll actually get to sit down, and the pizza is good if you enjoy the NY-style.
I've actually come here occasionally when it wasn't after midnight.
I came here once for a post-5K carb reload (so delicious and greasy!
just what my body needed!
) and also on the way home from an evening out elsewhere.
It's your great classic pizza place, and one of the things I miss about not being in Madison!

You know, a couple of months ago, I would have given Pizza Di Roma only 3 stars.
But, after eating some of the shittiest late night pizza in Chicago ever, I think Pizza Di Roma is tasting pretty good!
I work nights, and as one of the few places in Madison that doesn't close at 9 or 10, we order from here a lot.
We usually always get the spinach and feta pizza which never disappoints!

My favorite pizza in Madison, better than Ian's and Glass Nickel and Greenbush (that's what that basement place on Regent is called, right?).
Big floppy slices that you've got to fold, and that nice orange grease oozes out and drips down your arm.
Sprinkle on some parmesan, get a coke, tuck a napkin in your collar and dig in.
I'd say that a cheese slice will set you back $2.50 or so, and the more elaborate pizzas get up to around $6.00 a slice.
Barbecue Chicken pizza is a favorite with this humble yelper, and I think you'll like it too.
Free delivery in the downtown area (but tip well as always!
)  Open late

This is your standard pan pizza.
The crust of this pizza tastes like any other pizza I've had and it was good.
$4 got me a huge slice of pepperoni mushroom pizza.
I enjoyed every bite.
Lots of toppings and cheese.
Pretty yum.
There's a TV in the back that showed a Lakers game that you watch on connected plastic style picnic tables and benches.

Pizza by the slice that's just as good as Ian's - and depending on your mood, sometimes way better.
The options are more traditional American-Italian, and the ingredients are all pretty standard in terms of quality and creativity.
But for the same cost as a specialty slice elsewhere, you can get a ridiculously huge slice that is a meal in itself.
I get the baked ziti slice every time I come here and have yet to be dissatisfied.
The texture of the pizza is especially unique - the crust is a perfect combination of soft and flavorful.
Combine that with a sauce on the ziti that appears to be made from crack, and this makes one of the best fast-food Italian places in town.
Gyros ain't bad either, surprisingly.

The only place I go,  or call to, for late night pizza on campus.

I love this place!
I grew up in the NY/NJ area, and when I first tasted Pizza Di Roma, I felt like I was back on the East Coast.
I know that Ian's is great, and it has become the official pizza of the revolution, but really, Pizza Di Roma is great pizza.
Tremendous variety - this crispy crust and glorious toppings.

Very great pizza and other food, but they dont give silverware on their deliveries.
Otherside would have been a 5-star review

My one experience here involved squalid conditions that looked common occurrence.
The next few days I spent trying to get over the food poisoning.

Pizza Di Roma is terrible.
At any given time of the day the vast majority of the pizza that is sold by the slice will have been made hours and hours ago.
Don't bother asking the staff-- they will lie and tell you that it is fresh.
Trust your eyes-- most of the time you are buying reheated pizza that wasn't all that good in the first place.
Their appetizers and entrees are pretty bad too.
Chicken marsala is bland as can be and comes with a pathetic, skimpy little side of pasta.
Service is also slow-- why does it take 30 mins for a takeout order?
God I wish there was a decent pizza place in this town.

Love this place.
Used to be called Casa Bianca (along with 2 other Casa B locations in Madison which are now closed).
Pizza hasn't changed since the Casa Bianca days.
Big and Floppy slices.
So good.

I went here for a late-night slice a few months back.
The pizza wasn't anything special, but I was extremely revolted to see a live roach on my way out.
I will not return.

As an overweight, middle aged man I've been told by my doctor I need to eat healthy, and so I do, at least 6 days a week but Saturday is my "cheat day" And because I only get to indulge once a week I have to make 100% sure what I pick is the best.
So I did some real searching for the best pizza in Madison and came to the conclusion that Ians Pizza was the best based on all my Yelp!
and other reviews online.
However I saw at least a couple of reviews which stated that Ians WAS better overall but Pizza Di Roma had the best actual NY Style Pizza in terms of flavor so I decided, at the last minute, to go ahead and go here for my first big Faturday (what we call our cheat day) Italian meal.
On the map it looks fairly easy to get to but make no mistake, this area is a real pain in the rear to navigate by vehicle.
Long story short, you can't drive on State Street and there's no place to park.
So I finally find a place about 2 blocks away to park and hoofed it.
So I talk to the woman manning the counter and she says everything is ready on my order (sub/wings/pizza) except for my pizza.
She speaks to the guy who hurriedly makes it up right away.
By now I'm thinking there's no way this food can be worth all of this hassle.
She does apologize profusely though to me and says they are short 3 people, plus she's hot so I give her the benefit of the doubt, LOL.
So while I'm waiting I look at the huge pizzas they have on display, about 7 or 8 of them.
The Capriese pizza looks great so I add a slice to my order.
So unto the food...
The Pizza itself is really good NY Style pizza.
It's classic NY, the crust tastes really good and is cooked perfectly.
The sauce is a little bland is about my only complaint.
The cheese is good and the toppings are of high quality.
I got the supreme with banana peppers added on the whole pie and anchovies on half.
I realize as I'm eating some of it that they messed up my order.
They got the banana peppers on there but no anchovies on the pizza at all and for some reason they added black olives.
Still delicious anyways.
I got the 14" and it's rather large.
Probably next time I will just get two slices as they are HUGE slices.
The Chicken wings are quite good as well.
They are not hot, nor really buffalo style, they are instead more like a dry rub without the rub, just roasted wings I guess.
They're fairly small wings overall but they give you about a dozen and the wings themselves are quite meaty.
The real surprise was the ranch sauce.
I don't know what sort of ranch this is, or if it's homemade or what but it was stunningly good.
I mean even better than Hidden Valley Ranch.
The Italian sub (see my pic) was my last item and I saved the best for last.
It's the best Italian sub I've had anywhere.
It's unlike any other Italian sub I've had and believe me, in my 42 years on this planet I've had a TON.
First of all the bread tastes freshly baked, never frozen.
Their Italian dressing HAD TO BE homemade as it's phenomenal.
The cheese is fantastic, it's thick and deli style, but then I guess this is Wisconsin so the cheese should be top quality, and it is!
Next up are the vegetables.
No iceberg lettuce here, they use top quality greenleaf lettuce.
The tomatoes are sliced in thick quarters which makes the tomato hit hard when you bite into them.
And of course they use red onions, which taste very fresh and banana peppers which give the sandwich a bit of zing.
But the best part is the meat.
They use some sort of italian ham, with a few slices of another thin meat (pepperoni?
) and on the bottom is the best part of the sandwich, the round sliced, rather thick sausage.
It almost tastes like some sort of summer sausage or something.
Not sure what it is but I know it's some of the best meat I've had on a sandwich.
When you combine all of these elements together it's the perfect Italian Sub.
No need to order extra meat on this sandwich either, it's got the perfect amount.
All in all, in the end, I DO think this place was worth all of the hassle of getting to it!
I'd definitely be a regular here if I was a local.
The Italian Sub is so fantastic that I plan to buy 4 or 5 when I head back to Columbus to take with me in my cooler and eat and share with my girlfriend.
Yes they are just that good.
I am going to try Ians next but they have some very hearty competition here.
Thumbs up my friends, way up!!
Try this place out your next Faturday!
I'd up my review to 5 stars if it was just based on the food but the hassle itself in getting to this place, coupled with them botching my order slightly means I have to give them 4 stars.

FINALLY found a NY style pizza place in Madison that is delicious.
Thin chewy crust, good sauce, nice thick cheese and toppings, bends when you pick it up, and GASP, is cut into slices not squares.
I give it a 4/5, and it will be the only pizza place I order from in Madison from now on.
This is the first food review I have ever written so that should tell you something about my pizza mission here in Madison and that this place is very good.
I moved here just about a year ago from CT, and have been trying out various Italian places to find something that resembles the pizza I love back home.
Never thought it would be so hard, but I guess good pizza is hard to find out here.
The first pizza place I tried, The Pizza Pit...I had never heard of it, and now I know why, WOW horrible....if you'd like to eat something that tastes like sauced cardboard, go here.
I threw the leftovers out...never a good sign, I LOVE leftovers.
I have no idea how they remain in business.
Second place I tried was Glass Nickel Pizza...I got a coupon in the mail, so there ya go.
Pizza is decent but not NY style by any means.
Crust is thicker and toppings are scarce.
Third place I tried after a friends recommendation was Cafe La Bellitalia.
I ordered the thin crust wondering if thats what you had to order in Madison to get NY style pizza.
Blech no, was the crunchy wafer like crust, ruined further by being cut into squares.
Maybe their regular pizza is better.
Fourth place I tried cause I thought it might be interesting was Papa Murphy's Pizza.
This pizza was actually very good.
Its a take and bake thing, and the pizza is very tasty, high quality ingredients, really good sausage.
However, not NY style.
But was so far, the best pizza I had found.
I ordered from here a few times.
Fifth place I tried was the Roman Candle.
Pizza was pizza, nothing amazing, but good enough.
Again a thicker crust and not the classic heavy topping NY style I was looking for.
Sixth place I tried was The Pizza Oven after purchasing a Living Social Deal.
I was hopeful about this place as it got good reviews and has been around for a while.
Pizza was pretty good, however once again major docked points for cutting the pizza into small squares, and having wafer like crust.
Ugh.
Then I tried Pizza di Roma.
WINNER, my search is over.
I got sausage, pepperoni and mushroom 18".
Price is whats expected, but for me the pizza seemed very large.
My boyfriend and I had lots of leftovers.
We both loved it and it took all the willpower in the world to not eat it for every meal the next day, only two out of the three, hehe.

I'm upping the rating of this place after coming here a second time.
Before leaving Madison to conclude my mini "pizza tour" I decided to stop at Ians.
I was not impressed in the least (see my 1 star review) and decided to head back to this place to get dinner.
Both to get a decent slice of pizza and also to get some Italian subs to take back with me to Columbus (see my previous review of this place for a review on that sub).
Yes their Italian sub was just so good I decided that, right before leaving I would come back to Pizza Di Roma and get 4 subs to take back with me to Columbus.
At $7.95 a sub they are not cheap but worth every penny.
I've eaten at a ton of pizza shops in my 42 years on the planet and gotten an Italian sub at every one that offered one and have yet to find anything as unique and delicious as what they offer at Pizza Di Roma.
So this time I decided to try the traditional New York Style pizza with the toppings I always use as a comparative "baseline" so to speak.
That baseline, which I usually order to judge all New York style pizza places upon is: Pepperoni, mushroom, onion and extra cheese.
So I ordered my 4 subs to go and while doing so decided to also try their Ham and Cheese sub as well.
And then while ordering my "baseline" pizza decided to try their Barbecue chicken and bacon pizza.
First things first, their baseline pizza is superb.
The slice with pepperoni, mushroom, onion and extra cheese was fantastic.
I mean about as good as it gets for New York Style pizza.
Add a dash of garlic powder to the slice and it's heaven.
I honestly don't know how anyone can give this pizza place less than 4 stars based upon this slice alone.
The barbecue, chicken and bacon pizza was also fantastic.
The bacon was crisp, the chicken, while not too plentiful was decent and the barbecue was nice and sweet.
The slice is VERY heavy as in you only need ONE slice to fill you up.
In fact I ended up cutting off pieces of this and eating it over three settings it's such a heavy slice.
It's also no doubt saturated with transfat and the like so this one should be a rare joy.
I loved it though and that's saying because I don't really go off the "beaten path" for pizza in regards to non-traditional pizzas.
Lastly the Ham and Cheese sub looked great when I opened it (see pic) and was utterly delicious from the small part I sampled.
I say small part as I was filled up with pizza.
However the sub was much like the Italian, the bread tasted homemade, not frozen and the meat and cheese top of the line.
There is also plenty of fresh vegetables in there as well which gives you a small ability to kid yourself you ate somewhat healthy.
All in all it's simply shameful in my opinion this place isn't rated higher on here.
The help is quite friendly both times I came to the shop despite it being quite busy.
They indulged all of my pizza talk about their styles of pizza as well as their competition.
I cannot say enough great things about this place, if Ians is highly overrated on Yelp this place is highly underrated, ESPECIALLY their sub sandwiches.
Take my advice, if you want New York style pizza this is the place to go in Madison!

i have been going here since i was a kid and i have always loved it!
On my last visit i got a slice of pepperoni pizza, there slices are ENORMOUS!!
There pizza is a little on the greasy side but that's the way i like it

Terrible, awful sandwiches.
Seriously gross.
The pizza looks tasty (but looks can be deceiving).

Go there every time I get the pizza craving while traversing State St.
The spinach pizza is to die for, Double YUM!
Slices are embarrassing huge.

Delicious, cheap and fast!
The pizza slices are huge and I often find one to be enough!

Even with the sub-par reviews I tried it out (mostly because of the great Italian sub review).
We got the Italian sub and chicken parm.
The sub was alright, not bad, but nothing great.
Maybe if you've never had balsamic before you'd be blown away, but it just wan't anything special to me.
The chicken parm... was far and beyond the worst thing I've attempted to eat.
I hate when a restaurant burns something but lets it slide... like I'm not going to notice the charred flavor because you completely cover it in cheese?
I didn't have great expectations going in, just wanted to eat something a little comforting.
What I received was  SUCH a disappointment.
Like I said, COVERED in cheese, I could hardly find the pasta.
The noodles and sauce were OK... not the worst I've had, but not good.
The breading on the chicken tasted of just burnt breadcrumbs and grease and the chicken... hard to describe.
It was impossible to cut through with my fork (bad sign) and when I tried to pull it apart the meat separated like string cheese!
It  was so dry I couldn't even pull it apart in some places and yet seemed under-cooked in others.
I only had two bites of the chicken, because the texture really worried me and I couldn't stand the thought of eating another bite after that.

The pizza is okay, but that's really it.
This is one of the only places I have available to me that serves Italian food late at night (via web orders), so if you're having a hankering for pasta like I was, just forget about it because this place will not satisfy your craving.
I got the spaghetti bolognese delivered and got a brown paper bag soaked in sauce.
Inside the container was a tasteless mess...I could barely eat any of it and I'm definitely not a real-picky eater.
Maybe their other dishes are good, but I wouldn't count on it...stick to the pizza (it's the only reason I gave it more than 1 star).

This is my favorite pizza place in Madison.
I live on the west side and will routinely drive all the way down to state street just to pick up a pie here for carry out .
Yes, the restaurant isn't spotless and could use a remodel, but the classic New York style pizza (big, floppy slices) makes up for it.
I almost always order carry out so I don't have to worry about getting an old slice that's been sitting out forever, but the slices taste reasonably good even when they're re-oven'ed.
Never had a major problem even microwaving a slice for lunch the next day.

Why is Madison so obsessed with charging specialty pizza prices for low quality, post-bar munchies?
PDR definitely scratches the hunger itch after a night on State Street, but it's quite frustrating to pay $4-5 a slice for pizza that's typically $1-2 in most college towns.
Do not go for lunch; this is not that kind of pizza place.

Not a bad pizza place.
You can always come here if the lines at Ian's are too long.
I don't recommend buying pizzas by the slices here since they are relatively expensive.
But if you take out or dine in with a group and get a whole pizza to share, it'll be pretty worth it.
I like the fact that this place offers 20-inch pizzas.
I'm always game for a bigger fill of pizza.
Pizza Di Roma isn't usually that busy, so you'd be able to find seating or order pretty quickly.

Pizza Di Roma is easily the best New York Style pizza I have had in Madison.
It actually makes my list of favorite pizza places.
To qualify myself I am somewhat of a pizza snob and fanatic.
I grew up in eastern PA around a lot of quality pizza shops.
I have had my share of good pizza in NYC, New Jersey and Philadelphia too.
I pretty much only eat pepperoni.
Anywhere I go that is it.
I can not weigh in on specialty pizza at all, which I here is Ian's cup of tea.
For your standard NYC style pizza this has to be the place.

In short: I'd go back.
Totally, totally decent pizza.
Nowhere near as good as Cafe Porta Alba, but definitely better than the crapfest that is Glass Nickel.
I ordered a 14" cheese pie, my typical pre-finals unhealthy food of choice.
Plus: They accidentally gave me a 20" pie.
Plus: They gave me garlic rolls.
My roommates were happy.
Honestly?
It's about as close to NY Pizza as you're going to get here.
Adequately greasy, easily foldable, solid crust.
Not as crazy as Ian's, but still pretty good.
I approve, Pizza Di Roma.
I whole-heartedly approve.

PDR is great for a non-glam cheesy, slice of 'za that will warm your heart and fill your tummy.
For thin, wide, NY style slices, I like to stick with plain cheese.
I keep it classic like that.
Not my favorite slice in the world, but I did enjoy the fold-ability in the slice and easy hand-to-mouth functionality.
I'd come for the simple slices or with a group to share.
Other individual slices with lot-a toppings seem a bit over-priced.

Roaches.
Freakin ROACHES!!!.
They were literally crawling over a slice behind the counter.
RoACheS.
I told my friend and she said one crawled over her friends pizza at the table.
Sick.
Plus the food is kind of gross anyway.

There are some new pizzas to try, veggie pesto, steak and onion , taco and with average special price and caprese it is always a winner ,

Great pizza by the huge, foldable slice, and calzones that can be clearly seen from orbit.

decent pizza depending on when you head in (sometimes the pie has clearly been sitting there for awhile).
There isn't that much good pizza by the slice in Madison and this will do the trick in a pinch, but don't expect anything special

I ordered an eggplant parm sandwich and fries for delivery.
They came a half hour faster than Grub Hub estimated, which was great, and the delivery guy was friendly.
My sandwich was HUGE--I'm talking twice the size of any other eggplant parm I'd ever had before, must have been 12 inches--but it was little soggy and wasn't very flavorful.
The fries were a huge portion as well, though they were soggy too, but this could be because they were delivery.
For the price and convenience, this place is pretty okay!
I'll still be searching for that perfect eggplant parm hero though...

I'd like to begin by saying that the food was pretty good.
The delivery driver was offensive and challenged.
Unable to do his job, he called three times because he didn't have a navigation unit, sense of direction or clue where East Johnson St. was.
Apparently his phone was stolen so he didn't have navigation, and he thought I should sympathize for his loss.
His poor attitude was the worst part.
My calzone dripped with grease, but I wasn't going for "healthy" on football Sunday.
The tiramisu was a bit dry, but was still tasty.
I'm not sure I can try the place again.

Best pizza in Madison if you're getting pizza, and by pizza I mean plain, pepperoni, or something simple.
That foo foo stuff at Ian's, i.e.
Mac and cheese, cheesesteak, cheeseburger, chicken cordon bleu, etc, isn't pizza.
PDR makes slices like those to appease the idiots that like that stuff, and yeah it's not that good at PDR, because it's not that good in general.
If you know and love pizza, get your pizza here.
It's the best pizza in Madison.

This is the way pizza was meant to be!!
Huge, New York style slices sooooo good!
I prefer Di Roma to the more popular Ian's down the street.
I have never tried any other menu items here because I love the pizza so much.
My favorite is probably the baked ziti pizza, but there are a lot of delicious slices to choose from.

I was a regular to Pizza di Romas when I lived in Madison, and still always stop in when I have the time after visiting.
Their pizza is amazing, greasy and cheesy with tons of toppings.
A great variety too although I'm a sucker for the Pepperoni.
Their other items are great too, love the baked ziti.
Their gyro is even a better deal then Parthenons across the street.
The place was always very clean and the staff friendly as well.
The only downside is there is a 5 dollar minimum for charge cards.

Solid pizza and huge slices, 1 is a fair snack and I don't think you would ever need more than two.

Just finished having my pizza and caesar salad which I had delivered.
I really wish I would have gone with my first instinct and had ordered from Falbo's.
Got the pizza and salad within the delivery estimate (40 mins or so).
My pizza slice was extremely soggy.
I ordered the supreme which had veggies, sausage, and pepperoni.
None of my toppings would've stayed on had I lifted the slice.
I was forced to use a knife and fork because the pizza just would not hold up.
My caesar salad was just as bad.
The dressing was very thin and watery.
I'm Still hungry!
Would not recommend.

Say what you want about Ian's--I'm going to Di Roma every time.
This is probably my favorite pizza in the Madison area, next to Salvatore's in Sun Prairie.
I don't live anywhere near it, but I will make special trips just to get it.
It's solid, New York style floppy slice pizza and I would eat an infinite amount of it, were that logistically possible.

This is an atypical review for Pizza di Roma as I'm basing my review on my carryout experience rather than the usual eat-by-the-slice experience of most of Pizza di Roma's customers.
I recently ordered a 20 inch La Caprese Speciale (fresh mozzarella, tomato, basil, red onions & green olives).
Far such a large pizza, the crust held up extremely well.
While not as tasty as the top echelon of Madison's pizza royalty (Grampa's and Salvatore's), I found it tender, light, and flavorful.
The copious amount of toppings overwhelmed the sauce component - it was very difficult to taste the sauce under a heap of tomatoes and fresh mozzarella.
While I give Pizza di Roma high marks for topping quantity, quality was more of a mixed bag.
For early April, the fresh basil was outstanding.
The red onions were fresh and did not have any bitterness.
The fresh mozzarella was just OK as were the green olives.
Then there were the fresh tomatoes.
Granted, you're not going to get high quality tomatoes in Wisconsin this time of year, so the fact they lacked flavor and had a chewy texture was not surprise.
The other problem was the size of the tomato cuts.
I know they were trying to replicate the feel of a caprese salad, but the whole slices of tomato made the pizza difficult to eat as the tomatoes kept sliding off the pizza.
Another problem with the tomatoes was they gave off a LOT of moisture, creating an extremely soggy pizza after 30 minutes.
In the summer, this would be a much better option when the tomatoes are ripe and fresh, as long as they drain off the excess moisture.

Although I don't have a difficult time believing both poor and positive reviews for this place, I can only remark on my own experience.
With that said my chicken, tomatoe, and garlic pizza was really good!
The place was a bit of a dump but the food was yummy.
I also got garlic rolls that were nice and soft with a tasty marinara dipping sauce and a ceaser salad that was nothing great.
Just lettuce croutons and some store bought dressing probably, but it was healthyish :-)  I would definately recommend this based on this experience here.
In fact I liked it a bit more than Ian's (I did not expect that)!
I did think the price was a little high for per slice but doing there speacial deals brought the price where I liked when buying a full pizza.
So, go here.
Its good greasy cheesy yummy pizza.

Best caprese pizza in madison hands down!
Fresh ingredients, straight Italian.
Open late too!

This place should have a higher score.
4 stars minimum IMO.
I don't usually like NY style pizza and thought this was fantastic.
BBQ chicken was incredible.
Sausage Pepperoni very good as well.
Caprese least favorite thing we tried, but still very solid.
Honestly, i was skeptical given the overall condition of the restaurant, but the pizza is truly legit.
Noticed they were tossing fresh dough in the back.
Tough to find good pizza in Madison, but this is one of the best options.

