Grade: B-  Good burgers and fries.
Almost as good as the Village Bar.

Decent food for a bar.
Very small place so you have no choice but to listen to the idiots at the bar.
Service was OK.

The Isthmus recommended them as a classic example of the Wisconsin tavern experience.
Basically - it's an old house by the highway that's been turned into a bar.
They've got a grill behind the bar, and lots of locals.
There's also some seating and they will wait on you.
Our cheerful and friendly waitress recommended the German burger.
She made this recommendation as she was bringing out some other peoples' German burgers, sticking the plates under our noses and saying "German burger, you'll love em.
They're the best.
"  I remember seething, bubbling cheese, and my eyes watering as the kraut vapors encountered my retinas.
My companion may have sneezed.
Well - who could resist after that?
So German burger it was.
Was it any good?
Who gives a fuck.
Probably not.
But we were determined to get our Wisconsin on, and we did just that.
OH YAAAAH

It is hard to believe I have not reviewed Tony Franks.
I do not go there often but I do enjoy the place.
Lets put it this way...Tony Franks is a bar located in a house that serves great food and unbelievable burgers and have been since before dirt was invented.
The staff is generally always friendly and great (you may catch an occasional off day where the regular staff is not here and the backups just do not cut the mustard) and the small "cheers" feel is awesome.
What a great place to chill, have a beer, and eat some food.
Oh yeah, the owner is not the most friendly in the world (at least the one time I met him)  Now onto the burgers!
You cannot find a better burger in Madison at all.
Not even close!
They are made on a flat-top right in front of you and the taste is just wonderful.
If I did not have to watch my weight I would eat there all the time.
Check it out and do not forget to add the bacon to the burger!

I've always been a fan of this place, but I tried the rubin the other day and I can't stop talking about it.
Just perfect.
I do wish they served fries with the sandwiches.
Considering the no-fries factor I guess the prices are a bit high.

I went here because I was told they served the best mushroom cheeseburger in the area.
So that is what I ordered.
It was good but not spectacular.
Atmosphere was nothing that special but it was clean.

Great local pub.
Good food.
go for lunch, get the Rubin.

I went back a couple weeks later and found the rubin much less extraordinary.
I also decided that the place is just too pricey.
The prices would be much more appropriate if they included fries.
Still not a bad burger joint and tavern.

Food is always good here but it's a little over priced.
A standard burger with fries and a soda will be over $10 for one person not to mention the cost of adding toppings to the burger.

Came here with my wife, after a long hard day of hot work outside....needing a cool beer and some grub.
It was early afternoon, quite a few folks there, we sat at the bar.
Very pleased to see they offer Hopalicious on tap, decent selection of bottles.
We both ordered the Reuben, and were very pleased.
They used fresh shaved brisket for the meat, very generous helpings, and cook it right there, behind the bar.
Fries were typical pub fare but bonus - yummy brown horse radish mustard!
All in all, a very pleasant place for an afternoon bite and beer.

i always wanted to check out the kitschy old house transformed into a bar, but never made my way inside... that is, until this weekend.
i have to say, i was impressed!
the burgers were awesome.
the place seemed clean.
service was great, even though the place was packed (badger game day).
i will definitely be back.

This place is a lot of fun.
Typical Wisconsin bar with added feature of ample tables for chow.
All food is prepared behind the bar and it's fun to watch the activity.
Give it a try for your next pub food outing.

I routinely came to Tony Frank's as a kid with my parents, and was excited to take my boyfriend here as an adult, especially since I hadn't been back since the smoking ban had been passed.
It did not disappoint, though some things could have been done better.
The decor was cleaned up from when I was a kid, which had a very institutional feel to it.
The walls are painted nicely, there are beautiful hardwood floors, and black and white photos adorn the walls.
There were three TVs visible from our table, and the staff was very amenable to customer requests for which games to play (though the sound wasn't on, which was for the best).
There is a tiny unmarked step from the foyer into the main dining room, so watch out for it - a less-attentive customer could go sprawling.
The lack of thick cigarette smoke made the experience much improved.
The tables and chairs are fairly comfortable.
There is, sadly, nothing to absorb the noise that other customers make, which makes the place *extremely* noisy when even semi-busy; my boyfriend and I nearly had to shout our conversation in order to hear each other.
On the other hand, the regulars have great conversations - more reminiscent of the atmosphere in a Northwoods bar than one of the yuppie downtown places, which is a welcome change from people trying to out-snob each other.
Our server was very attentive and knowledgeable.
As soon as we sat ourselves, she came over to take our drink orders, and was able to recite an impressively long list of the tap beers available when I asked.
We both ordered beers to start; I ordered a Lake House from Capital Brewery because this was the first place I've found to have it on tap.
It had notes of caramel, but there was a funky underlying taste of which I wasn't a huge fan, though I don't think that's Tony Frank's fault.
We both ordered cheeseburgers and fries; the menu doesn't state this, but you can order the burgers as a basket (with fries) for an extra $2.50.
However, if you're going in a larger group, it's probably less expensive to just order the fries separately and share.
The cheeseburgers were as good as I remembered them being from my childhood; they must use some sort of spice blend that sets them apart.
The buns were standard whole wheat with sesame seeds.
You can order lettuce and tomato for your burger, but you'll likely have to ask for it, as it isn't noted on the menu.
The tomatoes were surprisingly not mealy or flavorless, and the lettuce was fresh and crisp.
The fries were your standard Ore-Ida fresh from the freezer-bag fare; they were pretty underwhelming to me, but my boyfriend likes his fries as Ann as the nose on Plain's face, so he was quite happy.
My boyfriend had ordered a water with the burger, and while the server initially forgot, she did remember it without a reminder, and was very nice after he accidentally knocked it over and spilled it everywhere.
She also noticed me discovering the ketchup bottle was nearly empty and promptly brought over a full bottle before I even needed to make a request.
She also brought the check over very quickly.
I'd definitely return, though I'd probably come for an afternoon Packer game where I don't really WANT to talk, just have fun with my fellow fans.
I'd also ditch the fries.

Wisconsin Pub Institution.
I can't wait to see this place in a couple more decades or two.
I hope it never changes.
Yes, its a house, its a pub, its got beer and burgers.
There's ambiance, as in old wood floors, beers on tap, old regulars who have had the same drink in twenty years and this is what it smells of.
Come for the burgers, onion rings, fries or rubin specials.
This is what they are good at.
Sit at the cozy table or belly up to the bar that has been worn down from decades of beer bellies.
You'll never know who you are sitting next to.
Lunch or dinner is just as good.

Classic roadhouse tavern that's been around since 1929.
Bartenders are friendly, the food solid (one of the more underrated bar burgers in Madison), and if I imbibe too much, close enough to walk home (or take shelter in the Arboretum if I am feeling like a character from a Jack London novel).

We stopped here for a few drinks after dinner on Friday night.
I'd driven past this place thousands of times but never stopped until 11/15/13.
+ Love the "homey" feel - very quaint + Friendly server + Was clean and well maintained + Felt very comfortable inside + Free peanuts, with bowls to catch the shells  - Mediocre tap list - primarily your usual suspects (PBR, Bud Light, Lite, a few Capitals, a few New Glarus, Fat Tire, Stella) - Pint glasses were delivered hot; fresh out of the dishwasher hot - No wine glasses; glasses of wine were served in cocktail glass/tumbler - Pricey; three pitchers of beer and 3 glasses of house cabernet were $59 - Small parking lot - Small bar area; hard to navigate your way through  I'd like to return to try some of the bar food - it looks interesting

Absolutely best place for a burger in madison!
I've been here numerous times and they never let us down.
It's a small place with an old tavern feel.
The bar seats maybe 20, there's also limited table seating...either option gets busy for dinner.
Bar selection is average nothing really stands out here, the burgers are definitely the highlight.
Give this place a try if you haven't yet...its our go to for burgers!

I'm still a fan of the food, but the service on our last visit was atrocious and I decided that TF's is just too expensive and I'm not going again.
$8 to $10 for most sandwiches and they don't even come with fries.
That pricing is out of line with TF's ambiance.

We went to Tony Frank's today for dinner after a round of golf with the dads for Father's Day.
It was a pretty awful experience; we've been to Tony Frank's before, but not in a while, and things have definitely gone downhill.
We asked for waters three times, and never got anything.
Twice we had to remind our waitress of an appetizer order.
She was rude when asked a question about the menu, and she dropped dishes when clearing our table, and didn't bother to clean up the broken shards.
The food is overpriced - at least $8 for a burger, not including fries or any side.
It's nothing special and you can do a lot better in the immediate area in terms of price, food, ambience, and above all, service.
We are not going back.

