I've been raving all afternoon about my first experience with Monroe St. Shoe Repair today.
I had 2 parkas (one North Face, one Alpine Design) with zippers that were "stuck" ... the type that you can't get the zipper to move and the coat zipper is open, but for the part where zipper is jammed.
Then enter Sally (if I remember name correctly).
I took in my jackets and she said "it looks like its the slide.
If you have time to wait, and if I don't have too many customers come in, I can fix it for you now.
It's getting cold and we need our winter coats!
"  I sat in this cute little vintage shop for all of 5 minutes, enough time to spy the delicate  little shoe ornaments hanging from the ceiling.
Sally came out with my jackets ready to go with zippers repaired.
Cost - $15 for both!!
I am thrilled by the great (and reasonable) customer service experience.
I like the fact that two great coats are still very usuable.
Thank you Monroe Streat Shoe Repair for the great service.
I'll be back for sure!

Ok, really 4.5 stars and that is because it wasn't on the east side where I live.
I'm sure I could have found places closer but based on reviews I decided to try Monroe St.  Wasn't disappointed at all.
Dropped off a sleeping bag with a broken slider and was told it would be done on Saturday.
Well as you can see I'm reviewing this on Friday.
Done early and they called to let me know.
Small thing really but as it was a small repair and was impressed.
Friendly service and she explained what happened to the zipper.
Happy to pay $9.50 to save a $75-100 kids sleeping bag.

It's about time that I finally write a review on MSSR.
Anyway, the zipper of my beloved Lululemon backpack busted for a third time.
I had it repaired at a place near my parents' place in Milwaukee and it broke shortly after both times.
I passed MSSR pretty much everyday and decided to drop it to see what they could do.
It's been two months of everyday wear and tear, and the zipper is still going strong with no indications of failure.
Not only did MSSR do an excellent job with their sew and repair job, they also got it done very quickly.
I dropped it off on a Saturday, and it was done by Tuesday.
In an age where customer service sucks across the board, this was a rarity.
The place is also run by some super nice people!
Kudos to MSSR for a job well done!

I came here to get a boot repaired and to be honest I was pretty disappointed with the whole experience.
The lady in the shop was nice enough and the shop was in a great area but I think the repair job was a little meh.
First, the woman that is there on the weekend really did not and could not answer many questions; of which I had many.
I have never had to repair a boot before so I had a lot of questions about what would happen to the zipper that needed to be fixed.
I understand as an entrepreneur you need a few days off but I also feel that the people who relieve you should know a little bit about what you do other than simply taking the shoes.
I wanted to know if she would be able to keep the zipper but the woman was not able to give me a direct answer and instead asked me to call and speak to the owner during the week.
I had every intention on calling but mama be busy!
I also asked about the price of the repair for which I was quoted one thing.
When I came to actually pick the boot up I paid a different, higher price.
Not much higher but enough for another drink during happy hour.
The thing that really made me mark this place down was something all together different.
My boot has zippers on both sides of it.
The functional zippers are on the inside part of the boot.
I think that without knowing this the cobbler attempted to open the outside non functional zipper as they now need to be repaired.
At this point I think I will take the non functional zipper to her to fix simply because the next closest place would be an east side location and I don't think it's really that serious.
But after that I will not be taking any shoes there again.
I like consistency and I do not feel like I got much of that at this place.

