Best service in town, maybe in the world.
This newly blossoming empire around town also serves up the ultimate hangover cure, especially when complimented by a Propel.
Store that fact away, it's a useful one.

Possibly some of the best Mexican food in town.
I know for Madison that's not saying much but they have a great menu and great staff.
Check out the enchiladas.

Best mexican food in town.
Service is very friendly and food comes fast.....almost too fast!

Delicious authentic Mexican food, ridiculously fast service, and their margaritas are basically tequila slushees.
They have a solid daily specials board and their menu is packed with a lot of interesting ingredient combinations that provide you with more options than just your typical choice of chicken or beef.

Very good - not great.
Service was good and the resturant and bathrooms were clean

I've always been happy with Laredo's... super fast service, good consistent food, decent salsa all at a good price.

Ridiculously fast?
Yeah, particularly the 'ridiculous' part.
I've never been rushed through any meal quite like the last time I went to Laredo's.
I think me and my dining companion were seated and back out the door in under a half hour.
That's practically fast food-caliber fast.
When my food is that fast, I don't really enjoy myself.
I feel like I'm in a race to see who can cram the most Mexican food in their stomach first.
I think maybe if I were going there for lunch on my work hour, I'd appreciate the fastness more.
That said, the food is always delicious and reasonably priced.
I particularly enjoy their different flavors of margaritas.
Also, they have good lunch specials.

Laredo's is a simple little Mexican restaurant hidden away in a sad little strip mall.
I admit I was hesitant upon walking in, but my brother picked it so I wasn't going to complain.
I'm glad I didn't either because I was actually pretty impressed.
The prices were really reasonable and the menu had plenty of variety to choose from.
I had tacos, my bro had an enchilada, and my mother a taco salad.
Everyone enjoyed their meals and they came out quick.
I certainly would not hesitate to eat at Laredo's again.

I'm not so sure why this place gets voted best of Madison all the time.
I think people have a hard time distinguishing between something that's great, and something that they've just heard about.
Laredo's is totally average.
The service is good, the food is just okay.
End of story.

I've been going to Laredos ever since I moved to Madison, I call it my favorite restaurant in Madison, pretty big statement huh?
However, I am contemplating this now, I absolutely LOVE the service, maybe cause most of them know my name because I have been their countless times, But lately the prices have gone up and the last time I think I ordered the enchiladas and they were just average, I suggest going for dinner and ordering the steak jalisco, it's usally delicious and they are usually consistent with the food.
I'll have to try it soon to be sure but definitely go to the West Side on Whitney Way, the East Side Laredos is just NOT THE SAME!

I really can't explain what a horrible disappointment this restaurant was.
My mango margarita was so bad that I couldn't finish it and if you knew me you would know that this margarita had to be Bad.
It looks authentic when you walk in, but the I've had better mexican at disney world.
Lets just say I ate at laredos when I first moved here, because it was voted the city's best mexican food and I have since sworn off mexican food in madison.

Love this place.
Every time we are in Madison we make a special trip to Laredo's ... worth it every time.
Great service, great food, great margaritas.
I've been dining at this place for nearly ten years now and it has never disappointed.

Like many other reviewers I love this place too.
I've been eating here for years and am satisfied every time.
The services is superb.
My only knock is the prices have risen pretty steeply over the years.
It's gone from amazing because of the price, service and food to still a great restaurant but maybe not the same deal as before.

A decent enough mexican tex mex place if you absolutely refuse to try to get something worthwhile.
It's better than Pedro's but I occasionally miss the free fresh tortillas you'd get there.
As the previous reviewer said, thoroughly average.
If you want Mexican but actually want to eat good food instead of filling the empty cavity under your diaphragm, go to Taqueria Gudelajara.
You'll save money too.

Good food, good drinks, cute staff!

Sooo good!
Fantastic cheese!
Great salsa.
But the cheese...... SOOOOOOOO DELICIOUS!

Great service.
The waiters are always at the table, food is fast, chips and salsa are good.

Before coming here, we didn't think it was possible to have BAD Mexican food.
(Heck, we'll even take Taco Bell.
) The meat here was cold and the flavor was awful.
Don't come here unless you're a big fan of Chef Boyardee.

Boring, bland and over priced for what it is.
Originally we liked it but prices went up and food quality slightly down makes it not worth going.

Close to 2 star because they need to step it up here.
This is another of the overrated Madison restaurants and another one of the "Best of Madison" restaurants that is just plain mediocre.
Don't get me wrong, I have had some good hot meals here but they have a lot of work to do to get me past 3 stars.
The bathrooms are not the cleanest and seem neglected.
The food is of good flavor and hot but not especially memorable.
I did have one of the best margaritas here once.
The staff is a little remote and unfriendly and they are a little crowded.
Just ok and not somewhere I would recommend for Mexican food.
Pedros is better and they aren't spectacular either.

Excellent menu range, very flavorful meals, free chips and salsa appetizers, gigantic portions, and prices in the $10-15 range typical of a Mexican restaurant combine to make Laredo's the best Mexican place I've yet tried in Madison.
My only complaints are the flavor of their lime margaritas (which is sub-par) and the lack of kick in their salsa (but I love very hot foods).

Nearly every time i'm in Madison to visit my sister and her family, at least one dinner is at or from Laredo's.
And I always end up getting the same thing- the Beef Chimmichanga.
I will admit that I'm not an expert on Mexican food, but i think this place does well if you're having a craving and as with all things, you always have to temper your expectations.
It won't blow you away, but it'll be enough to satisfy that Mexican-itch in your tummy.

I just wanted some steak tacos with no onions.
My first plate arrived, onions obviously present in the tacos.
Second plate: tortilla, steak, nothing else in the tacos.
Asked for some cheese and lettuce...they brought it out...but acted like I was being unreasonable.
Pretty sure I'm not the only person who doesn't want onions in my tacos.
Not going back ever.
It's too bad because the service was usually great.

Laredo's has been an old favorite for many years.
We've been countless times, and the service is always good, and food excellent.
The bottom line is that you can't beat the good food for the price.
Sure, you'll find better Mexican places in other parts of the country, but this quite possibly could be the best Mexican food in town.

Good, cheap, fast, friendly.
Best fresh chips and salsa.

I've been going to Laredos for about 13 years and have always been a fan.
They have made some changes I don't love, but the chips and salsa and quick service usually make up for them.
The meat is cooked authentic style(with potatoes) and generally very flavorful.
There has been a time or two the meat has been too salty or burnt tasting but I would def.
recommend Laredos to friends.
Edit - 9/30/12  Not too sure whats going on at the Whitney Laredo's but it's been kind of falling off..

The service was fast, the food was good and it was cheap.
I had hoped for a little different atmosphere - it's bright with booths - but all in all it was a great experience.
I plan on going back sometime soon!

Great food, huge portions, waiter knowledgeable about ingredients.
We'll enjoy this just as much as the takeaway as we did in the restaurant!

This is another great dining establishment in Madison.
I was here for a quick dinner with friends before a Badger's hockey game recently.
The menu was big, and the prices were reasonable.
I had combo with a chicken burrito and taco.
They were cooked well, and very flavorful.
One of the great things was how quickly everything came out.
The service was fast and friendly.
Will definitely stop back and I highly recommend.

I can only speak for the lunch menu, but I found it bland and unsatisfying.
I wish I had found a Chipolte instead.
On the plus side, it was quick.

Horrible horrible food.
This is not Mexican food in any shape form or fashion.
Even the rice isn't authentic.
The tamale was edible, but not fantastic.
The burrito I got was disgusting, bland, and slapped together.
The enchilada my husband ordered was basically the same as my burrito but with a corn tortilla instead of flour.
And the taco was more disgusting than taco bell.
I can't believe this passes for Mexican food and I can't believe this has four stars.
We will never ever go here again.
The salsa and chips were decent and the service was quick (although not good service; he didn't say a SINGLE thing or offer to do anything about it when I told him that my burrito was gross).

Cheap and fast..

Ugh.
Where to begin.
I drove up to Madison to visit my boyfriend on Cinco De Mayo, and decided we should get some mexican and margaritas to be festive!
So we chose Laredo's.
Bad call.
Service was bad from the minute we walked in.
Hostesses were unfriendly, and since they were on a 15 minute wait, they ripped off a piece of notebook paper, wrote the number "30" on it, and told us they'd call our number.
We decided we'd grab some drinks at the bar while we waited.
When the bartender finally made his way over to us, we ordered a beer and a margarita, to which he responded "Uhh, that's gonna be 8 something...
maybe.
" So my boyfriend just handed him a $10 and told him to keep it.
Really?
Shouldn't he know how much to charge?
When we finally got seated, we decided on nachos for an appetizer.
They came out in one big pile of squishy mush.
The meat was decent, but everything else tasted bland, and well.. mushy.
We ordered our entrees, and waited.
And waited.
And watched other people order and eat.
And waited..... and waited... for 45 minutes, we waited.
We actually considered just leaving (which I have never done and to be honest I think I would have been way too nervous to actually do).
Finally our server came to our table and asked if we had gotten our food yet.
We said no, he went to the kitchen, came back and told us they had boxed it up to go but that he would  bring it out now.
Yuck!
I don't want food that's been sitting around in boxes for 45 minutes when I go out to eat.
So my boyfriend told him we didn't want our food anymore and we'd just pay for the appetizer and leave.
At least we were too full of mushy nachos to really be hungry for the rest of our food.
In short, don't go to Laredo's.

Massive menu made choosing my Mexican meal mighty difficult!
The four of us opted for appetizers of table-side guacamole, yum, made to order with our options of tomatoes, garlic, jalopenos, cilantro, and onions.
We also ordered some cheesy fundido thing that was also yummy.
The meals were sort of superfluous at that point, so we all took leftovers home.
Maybe not the best Mexican I've had, but certainly tasty enough.
$70 covered the two appetizers, four entrees, at least a couple sodas, and tip.
Service was pretty on-point, but the tables were way too small to handle that much food.

Ever since Laredo's first came to Madison it has been one of my favorite Mexican places.
Not only because of the good food but the good prices and service.
I hate to say Laredo's has fallen victim to trying to cut back food quality and service to save a buck.
But, at the same time, raising their prices.
It started about a year ago when they started adding chunks of potatoes to their meat to try and stretch it to go further.
Now, they have slipped some other unknown filler into the meat along with the potatoes to stretch it further.
Last night I went with my wife and stepson for dinner.
All three of our entrees were cold.
I ordered the enchiladas sonora.
The rice was a solid mass and was simply scooped from a much larger preparation...probably a corner of a large kitchen pan based on it's shape/density.
The refried beans were ice cold.
The chicken enchiladas were simply thrown together... cold with precooked chicken.
It was gross.
I have worked previously in the service industry and I honestly do not know how this disaster of a meal could have left the kitchen.
I'm sad to say the Laredo's I grew to love no longer exists and I can ever go back.
Good luck if you go there.

Laredo's is kind of like stepping into Disneyland.
Literally, every inch of the place is covered in murals, depicting some awesome Mexican city landscape.
My favorite picture was the bull charging at you when you walked into the bathroom.
Well done.
The food was served in a blink.
Seriously, I think I blinked like 3 times and it was there.
Freaky!
Aaaaaand you can't forget the best part about eating Mexican food......the margaritas!
They have really fun flavors of margaritas that are portioned very generously.
I ordered a dish of 5 enchiladas.
I would never be able to eat that much, but it was nice to have leftovers for 3 more meals.
:)  Speedy service, fun murals, mountains of enchiladas and a goblet of margarita= pretty good night for Jessica.

Good drink specials, food was pretty good, service staff was very attentive.
Only negative thing is that the menu's were super dirty-it was so disgusting I sanatized my hands before digging into the chips.

I would like to start out my review by saying Laredo's used to be one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in town.
However, my last two visits have left a lot to be desired.
Like other reviewers have noted it seems that they have cut back on their food quality to save money.
My family and I visited recently and ordered the following: 3 tacos, regular nachos, enchiladas meal, and two kids meals (quesadillas).
The meat in all the dishes had chunks of potatoes (at first I thought they were large onions) which I thought was very odd.
The kid's quesadillas were just a small tortilla with shredded cheese folded in half and pressed.
Our bill came to $40.00 and I felt like at best we had about $8.00 worth of food out of a Sysco can and heated up.
Service is good.
Food not so good.

First off let me say great vibe!
Good authentic music and decor, they made the best of a small place.
The food however, could use a little work.
Not saying it's bad or makes you sick, certain dishes can be rather bland or mushed together.
Let me explain more:  Service - Vert good, waitstaff is attentive and service is quick.
I work just across the parking lot and having my lunch there takes 30 minutes easy.
10/10  Food / Drink Quality - First with the good, the drinks.
They are well made and reasonably priced.
The food however is hit or miss.
My first time there I ordered the chimichanga.
I had a hankering for deep fried burritos, problem was the presentaion was very sloppy and the lettuce/ sauce drenched the chimi so there was no crunch left.
Ive learned to ask for specifics as to save the deep fried goodness.
The beans seem watered down and runny and the beef is mixed with potatoes, hiding any kind of spice.
Their authentic dishes are decent but there isn't much variety outside of tex-mex.
The beef tips are well seasoned however.
6.5/10  Price - Although the food needs a little work, the prices and portions are decent.
The lunch specials are great for a cheap and hot meal, just avoid the potato beef.
Get chicken or steak, its worth the extra 75 cents.
8/10  Experience - The vibe is great, love the decor and waitstaff.
Very good.
Seemes a little cramped in the booth section.
9/10  Overall 33.5/40 - I like Laredos but I like at least 5 other places in Madison more, much better than Taco Bell, just under Cancun.

By Madison standards, not that bad.
But not all that great if you've ever lived in any large city (LA, Chicago, San Fran) where there are tons of little storefront mom and pop Mexican places and even food trucks that do better than Laredo's on a regular basis.
The fajitas are probably the best thing here.

We love it.
Been going there since 1998 when our kids were young.
Their service is beyond amazing.
As good as any five star restaurant I've been to.
Good food, great margaritas and authentic Mexican.
Very reasonable and fabulous chips and salsa.

"Holy cow that was fast!
"  That's the typical response of someone who got their dinner here.
They don't mess around.
Even for a group of 4 if you wait 15 minutes for your food, something is seriously wrong.
In the meantime, enjoy some chips and salsa.
As for the food?
It's okay.
It's not anything stellar, but you won't leave disappointed.
It's a good Mexican offering.
But it's the service that makes this place.
They're fast, they're good, and it's an overall decent establishment.

Okay so as I was eating it I was loving it.
So tasty...but then about an hour later I was sick.
I won't give you the gory details, but I definitely won't be going there again.

It's cheap Mexican food.
It's hard to really mess up Mexican.
Nothing was particularly bad or good about my visit here.
The fish tacos were entirely "meh" as was the guacamole.
I wouldn't say no if I was in town again and my friend wanted to come here again.
But I have to believe that there are much better Mexican places on Mad-Town.

We both had the quesadilla Azteca con pollo.
I just love their food.
I think their grilled chicken is super tasty and the service is always exceptional.
I give them five stars because they do what they do very well.
If you want Mexican food and you want it fast and tasty this is the spot I go to every time.

It was average food.
Kind if boring.
Too many huge chunks of jalapeño in the guacamole.
The quesadilla my mom got was Inedible, full of way undercooked mushrooms.
My quesadilla was cheese and it was good.
The bean burrito was just what seemed like canned refried beans.
It just wasn't that good.
I miss Cancun!

Definitely some of the fastest served food in the area.
I always enjoy their fajitas, queso and margaritas.
While not the most exceptional mexican food I've ever had, its always consistently good.
One of the things I think they could improve on, is specifically with their chicken in the fajitas.
I almost feel as though the meat wasn't cooked fresh on the spot, but earlier in the day for quick service.
While thats great for turnaround and getting food out, it leaves the chicken feeling dry and not as fresh as it could be.
If they are looking to push their quality they could really look into a different way of preparing their foods.
Overall though I really like coming here and will continue to.

