My, oh my, this place definitely deserves a perfect 5!
Atmosphere was comfortable, service was absolutely impeccible, and the food - ohhh, the food.
For starters, I enjoyed stuffed mushrooms and bruschetta.
Cursed as I am with an allergy to shellfish, I wasn't able to try the crab cakes, oysters and shrimp that everyone else at my table raved about.
My entree, salmon wrapped in grape leaves, was wonderful.
And desserts were just as amazing.
I shared the turtle cheesecake, but also sampled a molten chocolate cake that was divine.
To round out our meal, Otto's wine list also had a number of good offerings.
Also, if you judge a restaurant by the quality of their after dinner mints, Otto's are the best!
You can't go wrong dining here.

Grade: B+  Fantastic food and service.
Expensive but well worth it.
Mmmm, crab cakes...

The most delish food in Madison.
This is where you take a date if you really want to impress her/him.
The food is so good, but it can be a bit rich.
Sometimes there is live music on the patio.
The drinks are yum.
It is not cheap here but it is well worth the price.
Also nice is that Otto's is in a non-convenient location making it more of a hidden gem then a trendy restaurant.

Very good food - and reliably good.
Very nice staff and cozy atmosphere.
Check out their happy hour when they serve hors d'ouevres 1/2 off.

Wow.
Me; a Bartender with a Friday night off to spend with my family?
During Restaurant Week?
Uncanny!
Not interested in who's participating in RW, I just want a nice place to go.
Enter the OpenTable app on my BB on Wednesday night.
Result:  Otto's.
8:30PM on Friday evening.
Reservation confirmed.
...Fast forward to Friday evening; we arrive on a frigid January night to Otto's; on Mineral Point Rd yet tucked away like a precious pearl.
I tell the hostess reservation for 3 under the last name C_____ and she seats us right away.
An old establishment with hella charm and warmth.
Our waitress arrives with a genuine smile and an equally appealing nature.
Her name is Linda L.  Linda converses with us a bit before taking our drink orders.
We have a bit in common and talk about more than a few things throughout the course of our courses.
My party was there eating and talking for about 2-hours with not a lot of traffic on our floor.
Although we'll be back soon, I'd love to come here when Jack Frost is outta town; say like June...
Here's the rundown of our dinner enjoyment that evening:  A Bombay Sapphire Martini-Up w/ a Twist A Mount Gay Rum & Cola A glass of G/Marquis Philips Shiraz A glass of Pierre Ferrand Cognac 2 Sprites   1 Order of The Duck w/ a Cesar Salad w/ Anchovies 1 Order of Petite Steak (Med.
Well) & Shrimp w/ Cesar Salad, no anchovies, no croutons 1 Order of Ricotta Chicken 1 Coffee  Total: $108.
Not bad.
So.
Go to Otto's on Mineral Pt Rd on the West side of Madison.
Seriously.
Go here.
Eat.
Drink.
Be Merry and don't forget to tip your wait person at least 20%!
Buen Provecho...

My dad's staying at Oakwood next door and I've been trotting out to get him whatEVER sounds good for dinner.
Tonight it was steak.
Otto's looked nice albeit a bit pricey for takeout and they had ribeye.
Okeydokey then.
I called and ordered broiled mushroom caps, ribeye dinner medium rare and an extra dinner ceasar.
We were gonna split it.
They said 15 minutes it would be at the bar and lo and behold there it was waiting for me when I walked in.
I ran it back next door and got it all set up.
Everything was packed separately and well so the warm things stayed warm and the salads were separated.
They'd even asked if I wanted the dressing on the side.
The ribeye was still nice and pink in the middle when we cut in to it.
They'd packaged a little loaf of bread for us as well.
Total bill was $43.
For a nice steak dinner for two, not bad.
Dad was happy, I was happy.

I took myself to dinner at Otto's on Friday night, expecting to find a seat at the bar which is intimate and relaxed...  No such luck.
The bar was full when I got there, not a seat to be found anywhere.
The crowd was a little older than myself, average range 50-60 yrs old.
I liked the atmosphere of the bar area and was disappointed that I had to go up the stairs for seating at a table for 1.
I was determined to try the food however, and shook it off.
The host was very accommodating and offered me my pick of tables.
I settled on one upstairs (on the the 2nd floor of the old farmhouse).
I started with the cheese plate where I selected the gouda and petit frere, which came with grapes, apples, and crackers.
Very nice presentation and a tasty appetizer.
For my entree I decided on the scallops.
The presentation, again, was beautiful.
Saffron rice in the center, scallops around the perimeter, with asparagus "bridges" hinged on the rice.
I nearly finished the entire plate - very, very delicious.
I recommend the restaurant as a relaxing evening out when you want to be assured you are going to get a great meal.
Dining alone was not optimal in this setting as it was very group & couple oriented but would have been better in the bar area.

Fantastic steaks, great atmosphere, and wonderful service!

A very charming little place hidden away behind the trees on Mineral point.
At first impression, I didn't think it would be comfortable, as the tables are quite squished into the old house, now serving as a restaurant.
The size became less of an issue as I glanced over the menu to discover all the mouth watering choices.
I chose the Chef's Choice 3 course meal with wine tasting.
I started with a bloody mary, which was probably the worst one I've had in Madison.
I don't recommend at all unless you prefer little to no spice.
After attempting to spice it up myself with pepper, I sent it back.
Not to worry though, because they brought me a very tasty dirty martini.
The food was amazing, but the waitress forgot to bring my wine with the first course.
She made up for it by bringing a very nice shiraz with my steak, on the house.
My dinner party was very much satisfied with the food.
The waitress, although forgetful, was polite and apologetic.
I definitely plan to return.

My husband took me to Otto's for my birthday on 1/26/11.
Our waiter seemed very haired, but we were not in a hurry with our meal, so we were content to wait longer than usual for our food.
The meal began well with the basil, prosciutto wrapped shrimp being wonderful, as well as the tomato soup.
Our main entrees (the filet mignon with the Parmesan french fries) was good.
The steak was acceptable, but the fries far out shadowed it--they were crisp and delightful!
All of this changed when we ordered our desserts.
I ordered my favorite--the Strawberry Napoleon and my husband ordered the pistachio cake.
He enjoyed his and I was just having a bite of mine, when I noticed the texture of the custard was off.
I took the layers apart to find out what was going on and the middle layer of "fresh" custard easily came off of the  philo dough because it was completely dried and rubbery on one side.
I flagged down the waiter and told him my concern.
His only response was--"Well, no one else has complained".
No apology was given, no option for a reduced cost on my desert.
Wow, is this what fine dining is all about?
Trying to hide the old scummy custard in the middle of the dessert in hopes that no one will notice because of laziness.
I wonder if the waiter would feed this dried old food to his mom??
This made a huge damper on the evening.
My husband paid the bill and we vowed that we will not be back for a long time.
There are many other restaurants that hold the food to a higher standard for the same amount of money.

My husband I went here for a nice dinner and looking for a little atmosphere with our night out.
We found exactly that with Otto's.
The martini at the bar was served very chilled, they have a decent wine list, although not the best I've ever seen.
The entrees were delicious and presented beautifully.
The only critique I can offer is that the wait staff was a bit cool in reception and serving us at our meal.
The charm of the old farm house was warm, delightful and gave us a feeling of old world charm coupled with fine dining.
Will definitely go back.

Great local spot!
Recommended by my old college roommate and he was right on the mark.
Great service, very nice people, great little bar downstairs and the food was excellent.
The sea bass was fantastic.
Their warm sourdough bread is fantastic.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone - I'm going back the next time I'm in Madison.

I made a reservation here for a graduation dinner with my parents.
Before dining, I was disappointed this was the only place I could find that still had openings and wished I had found something closer to campus.
However, I ultimately was thrilled with my decision.
So thrilled that I decided to write my first yelp review.
The restaurant was quaint but still appropriately formal for a celebratory college graduation dinner.
The food was great and the staff was friendly.
Great find.

My husband and I had drinks/dinner at Otto's to celebrate my recent birthday.
After reading the Yelp reviews and hearing verbal reviews from others I must admit I left there a bit disappointed.
Our drinks, appetizer and meals were very delicious - a bit overpriced, but everything was quick and tasty.
However, the service was kind of cold.
This was our first time at Otto's and we both felt that because we weren't regulars we were kind of ignored.

The crab cakes were to die for!

Otto's is my go-to restaurant and bar for dates, business dinners and girlfriend get togethers.
Kim, the bartender, in the quaint downstairs bar is a favorite.
She remembers your drink order -- always a dirty Belvedere martini and then a glass of fruity pinot noir -- and remembers to refill your water glass.
The mussels is my favorite dish on the menu -- a fantastic appetizer or entree with a salad.
When looking for more filling dishes, I'll pick the duck or the sea bass.
The mediterranean platter is perfect when I feel like a veggie meal, but I also occasionally choose the bruschetta or the crab cakes, which are very nice.
Always a great wine list and the upstairs dining in summer (especially Thursday jazz nights) is lovely and relaxing.
No one is ever going to hurry you out.
If you are looking for quick chain-restaurant service, forget it.
This is a slow food place and although the services isn't slow, it's not lightening speed either.
And that's the way I like it.

Excellent meal tonight with great food and service.
The mixed grill is deliciouus, especially the perfectly seasoned and juicy lamb chops.
The  kofte was slightly greasy but very nicely seasoned.
The chicken was good but not outstanding.
But the lamb!
Next time I'm just getting the lamb chops.
They were so amazing.
The parmesan truffle fries were light and crispy and the side portion was huge.
Same for the crispy onion strings.
The cracked wheat pilaf was flavorful without any trace of greasiness, which is a common problem in many varieties.
Entree portions are pretty small but the service was very fast although I did need to remind them to bring my tea twice.
Beer selection is decent.
I selected to have a 3-cheese plate for dessert.
The mild brick was definitely my favorite, with a creamy, sweet flavor.
The crackers were the perfect complement.
A great option for a weekend dinner.

Absolutely terrific!!
I have only had the pleasure to eat here a few times but it is probably the best food I have had since the old Kickshaws on PD closed.
The food is fresh and unpretentious and was served by a waitress who was attentive yet unobtrusive.
Great place if you have a few extra dollars to spend.
Recommend:  Start with the wrapped shrimp  Ceasar Salad  Lamb chops or Filet  and finish with ANY flavor sorbet   Seafood was great also

Great bar and drinks.
They know how to make a decent martini.
Duck, salmon, and Mediterranean platter were all excellent.
This is a little, off-track place that seems to do everything well.

The worst service and food I've had in Madison in a long time.
Went there with my husband during happy hour.
We were intending to have a drink and app in the bar and then move in for dinner.
The bartender was awful, when he poured my husband's bottled beer, he spilled some on the floor and the let the bottle drip all over  The bar and left it sitting there on a soaked cocktail napkin.
My drink was fine .
We ordered the"Kofte"  because they offer 1/2 price apps in the bar during Happy Hour.
(this is their only happy hour special).
It was barely edible and hardly fit the description on the menu.
Everything on the plate was so garlicky, that's All you could taste and then it was served with a large side of raw red onions.
When I asked for a glass of water the bartender seemed so put off, he slammed the water down in front of me.
The last straw was when we paid our bill, the bartender just automatically put the change in his tip jar!
We are good tippers and we always tip well, but to not give customers the opportunity to decide how much they want to tip is pathetic.

Very Good.
We'll be back for sure.
Memorial to Labor Day, they have live music out on the deck Tuesday-Thursday(music starts at 5:30, but you can only reserve a table up unto 6:00.
After that it's first come, first serve.
), and we finally got to go!
It was a gorgeous night to be outside, and the deck is charming.
We were seated at the table right in front of the band, which I was excited about--until I realized how loud it was going to be.
Wasn't the best place for a conversation.
Next time I'll ask for the side deck.
You can't see the band, but I bet you could still hear fine.
A friend(and our server) recommended the salmon in grape leaves.
It was flavorful and moist, but the sauce was too sweet for me.
Spinach was fresh and not overcooked, but it was a little watery, which ran into the rest of my plate.
He got the mixed seafood grill.
Salmon, diver scallops and shrimp, with roasted fennel, artichokes and potato--I kept sneaking bites.
(The fennel was AMAZING).
The basil pesto was fresh and flavorful, but there was a lot.
One way to get him to eat his veggies is to douse them in fat, though.
He wasn't complaining(I might ask for less).
Good portions and we both had some packaged to go.
He's a creme brûlée lover-and thought Otto's was good, with flecks of vanilla bean.
I saw several people digging into sampler plates, which would be great with a bottle of wine and a few friends.
Pros:  *Food was good(and now I know what to order NEXT time).
Priced fair for what you are getting($60 for two seafood dinners, two drinks, and one dessert) *FREE Jazz in the summer?
Yes please.
Cons:  *The deck is pitched forward, and because of how I was seated, I felt like I was doing an abs workout trying to stay upright while eating(maybe NOT a con?).
*My bottled iced tea--while tasty--was the same price as his Capital beer.

Otto's ambiance is always inviting.
We had a nice table on the second floor.
Our waiter was very friendly and professional.
The only misstep was the half hour between salad and entrée, not his fault of course.
We started with the exquisite cheese course, ordering all five cheeses.
The bleu was to die for, creamy, salty with the right amount of sharpness you expect from a bleu.
We felt the course was a bit overpriced.
The salads were nothing special.
I had the salmon special and my wife had the stuffed chicken.
Our friends both ordered steak.
Our meals were wonderful, everything cooked as we asked.
Our only complaint is that everything seemed to be overpriced by about $5.

One of if not the best in town.
I have yet to have a bad meal here.
Try anything on the menu you will not be disappointed.

Another classic example of an overrated and overpriced restaurant.
I've been to Otto's twice -- once for a rehearsal dinner and once for a birthday.
For the rehearsal dinner, it was a preset menu and although it was technically free, it was just meh.
The appetizers were okay, but the entree selections were not enticing at all.
At the birthday dinner, I ordered the ribeye steak.
It was on the more bland end and the steak was tougher rather than tender.
Again, the appetizers were slightly better -- the calamari was standard and the Mediterranean meatballs were okay.
All in all, Otto's food was not absolutely horrible.
My diagnosis of overrated and overpriced just means that for the price you pay, there is no doubt you can find better quality and better tasting dishes.

One of the Best if not the Best restaurant in Madison.
Superb food and the service cannot be beat.
Been a favorite of ours for many years and have never been disappointed.
Just celebrated our wedding anniversary this evening

Food was wonderful; however, the atmosphere was too loud.
I could not hear my dinner companion across the table.

Dinner at Otto's was superb as always.
Food was great.
Service was wonderful.
Can't say enough good things about this restaurant.
It's been a favorite of ours for many years.

Where the west was won.
Also, a patio worth pondering.
Prices are steep but service is solid.
And the ambiance is interesting.
Older crowds.
Grandparents.
But enjoyable for this gkjsnclforktnsndijrbethirty something.

Really good food and delicious cocktails.
I ate here with some friends on the patio with the band.
The music was nice and not too loud so that we didn't have to shout.
You should definitely have a reservation if it is a nice night out.
Many nice appitizers on the menu and you can make a meal just of those.
The martinis were delicous.
If your 30 something, come for a new experience, but expect that you will be the children in the crowd.... as most are around the retirement age.

Would be 4 stars but they charge $1.50 for rocks with my whiskey.
Food - great  Service - stellar considering we were a noisy party of 8  Bar - accommodating.
But again - $1.50 for rocks.
Wow.

I love here!Foods are amazing and people are nice.My favorite dessert is Fresh Strawberry Napoleon.Grilled ribeye and Grilled Salmon in Grape Leafs are excellent.My husband loves the lamb chop very much.

Excellent meal.
The cocktails were just right, followed by a great meal.
My wife had the sea bass while I had a seafood mixed grill.
We did not have room for desert!
Our waitress was attentive and helpful.
I would not hesitate to come back.

There is no doubt that Otto's is a great, classic, establishment.
I have met a number of outstanding, classy, sophisticated, women in the lower level bar.
Bartenders are absolutely excellent.
The bar menu is outstanding & features quality items (not your routine "Bar Food").
Upstairs, where the true spirit of Otto's really shines.
By far, the finest dining experience on the West side of Madison.
Quite often I drive by and don't stop, simply because I'm "under-dressed" (Blue Jeans).
Honestly, take a date for drinks and Appetizers in the lower level.
If the date is going well...take her upstairs to demonstrate your level of sophistication.

Bartenders are great in this quaint former farmhouse for the first floor bar.
The owner takes pride in all he does and is very attentive to details and the service is great!
Did I mention, you are a regular when your picture is on the wall...  Just sayin!

Amazing happy hour.
The New Zealand mussels were in a to die for white cream sauce  and they were really big and had calamari which was good.
We only had appetizers but  entrees look good.. Not a lot of beers on tap but the ones they had were craft beers and were decent choices.
Had a Edmund Fitzgerald on tap from Great Lakes Brewing company it was phenomenal!

Celebrated my birthday last night with my family at Ottos.
It was my first time eating dinner there and we had a lovely meal.
I had the sea bass and it was fantastic.
Both my husband and father in law had the lamb, wow, it was delicious.
My mother in law had the ribeye and she said she really liked it as well.
My only small complaint was that the salad was overly dressed, but the dressing was great, I had the lemon vinaigrette.
I liked the wine list as well and it was very affordable.
Our service was spot on as well.
I will definitely go back.

