I love Madison Sourdough!
I buy their country bread or their baguette from the Willy Street Co-op whenever we're making something that needs a high quality bread (usually, on grad-student budget mode, we just make our own bread).
The bread always has a full flavor, the crust crackles, and the inner crumb is great.
I wouldn't mind if the country bread loaf were a bit more moist inside, but not by much.
I should try it fresh from their store, I suppose.
I've heard that the pastries at Barrique's are from MSC.
If this is true, then this is the appropriate place to say that the croissants are awesome!
Not too sweet, distinct layers of pastry inside, and difficult to share!

This is Escape coffee's old area - and I do have to say, they've done a wonderful job of using the space.
It has a very clean and modern feel.
Their logo is awesome as well, but let's get back to the food.
The first thing I noticed is that it is expensive for bread.
Is it just me, or is paying $4- for a white sourdough loaf (1lb) and $3.50 for a baguette a bit much?
I got to try their rustic sourdough which was kind of like a mixture between whole food's Seeduction Bread and Sourdough.
The sourdough baguette was okay- needs more flavor.
They also have a pastry case, coffee, and a lunch menu, which looks pretty solid.
Open 6:30a-5p; if open later- I would go there for coffee.

When we went to Madison we went to several different places looking for a good bakery.
We went here, and it was by far the best one we had gone to.
It reminds me a lot of a French bakery - fresh bread lining the walls, with the scent of a bakery lingering in the air.
The bread is just sinfully delicious and definitely something to recommend if you like sourdough or bread at all.

Breadtastic.
This place makes me want to avoid the bread aisle at Whole Foods for life.
A coffee and whole grain loaf, anyone?
Found this little gem on my way downtown for a meeting and had 30 min to grab breakfast, in fear of Starbuck's being my only non-fast food option.
Very cute exterior.
Ordered a breakfast sandwich to write home about, with egg, aiolli, Gruyere cheese, and a side of greens.
Only qualm- tried to call in an order to go around 2:20 and was denied.
**To note: small lot in front, though lots of street parking.

I love that they're open at 6:30 because so many cafes in Madison seem to open at 7:00 for some reason.
That aside, I love the bread, the coffee and the pastries.
I've yet to sample other areas on the menu, but I'm sure it's equally good.
The country style sourdough is fantastic, and the miche is delicious!
Service is outstanding and very friendly.
I love that I can walk there in less than five minutes whenever I have to, which is often.
UPDATE: I went there yesterday and sampled the Polenta style bread.
As I was talking with the woman behind the counter about it (I was non-plussed), she mentioned the Walnut Bread.
I mindlessly uttered, "I wonder what that tastes like" under my breath and before I realized that she had heard me...she had taken down a loaf and cut me off a sizable piece to try.
NICE!

My last review was from before MSD moved over to Willy Street, and I had only bought their bread from the co-op.
I am very happy about the move!
The space is open and full of natural light, and the staff are super friendly (unfortunately, I can't say the same about all of my potential study-spots on Willy St).They have solid coffee, and they don't mind me camping out with my beverage all day to get work done.
As I said before, the bread here is clearly the best in Madison.
It's clear that they know what they are doing with ingredients and technique, as the breads have great texture and flavor.
The only reason I gave MSD 4 stars instead of 5 is because of some of the non-bread-loaf items I've tried.
I went there for breakfast, and my omelet was lacking .
it just didn't have a ton of flavor, and knowing that Sophia's is just across the isthmus, I won't be trying that again.
I also wasn't terribly impressed with the croissant's texture (I am biased after spending this past summer in France, though!).
Overall, I love this place, and highly recommend the bread, sandwiches, and coffee.

This place surprised me.
Good coffee at 4 pm on a Saturday afternoon is unheard of, but I found it here.
I did not try the bread but I will.
I did order a croissant, and despite Rachel F feeling that they didn't live up to her summer in France, I will evaluate them based on my many experiences in France as well as my many travels all over the world and extensive sampling of croissants, I can say, they are not bad.
In fact, the taste is actually pretty good.
They are not truly buttery or flaky as a croissant should be, they are more dense, bread like.
In fact they are more of a crescent roll than a croissant, but if you just evaluate them against other cafe croissants, you would agree they are not bad.,

As always, the baked goods are wonderful.
This is the first time I have eaten here (rather than grabbed bread or treats to go), and the breakfast sandwich, with simple, vinaigrette-dressed greens on the side is delicious!
And the two rooms provide plenty of seating, and even a comfy 70's vintage couch which makes a comfy knitting place.
Bathroom (women's) is clean, too.
(big thumbs up on that one)  Oh!
And I nearly forgot...!
Free WiFi!
:-)

Great food but man, the service is bad!
The people couldn't be nicer but they are s-l-o-w and get things mixed up - every time!
My co-worker had the wrong food brought to him 3 times, and today our simple order for three had two big old errors.
The bread, on the other hand, is outstanding.
Great crisp crusts, interesting flavors, and the sweets are perfectly tempting and yummy.
Every soup I have had has been interesting, hearty and well made.
Please get your act together, guys.
We want you to succeed on Willy Street.
At high artisanal prices, your service has  to match the quality of the food.

I can't believe how inaccurate Madison reviews have been.
How can such a wonderful cafe, one of the best in the States that I've been, be rated as 3 1/2 stars????
Service: 5 Every one is soooooo friendly!
They take an effort to know you by the name, and sincerely chats with you when you come in to visit.
Once, when my boyfriend and I stayed till half hour before it closes, they brought us the most wonderful ciabatta rolls with herbal olive oil dips!!!
You can't get better service elsewhere.
Food: 5 All the pastries - morning bun, nut roll, croissants are one of the BEST you can EVER find in town, or on the west coast!
Made fresh EVERY day, it's awesome!!!
Especially the nut roll!
The hot pressed sandwiches - non of it has failed so far!!
Love the roast beef and house made hams!!!
Breakfast food?!
Wonderful wonderful breakfast sandwich and brioche french toast!
Heavenly!!
Interior Design: 4 Just right heating - not too hot, nor too cold.
Wonderful "restoration" wooden furniture!
Lots of table space (For tables near the counters) and free internet that works speedily most of the time!!
Outlets are available, but not at every table, so be watchful if you need an outlet!
Lots of light and high ceiling - feels great!
By the way, the toilet is huge and clean and bright with lots of spare toilet rolls - the person who reviewed that it has FILTHY toilets, either you live in the palace, or you came here during renovations -.-  My favorite dishes to try: Breakfast Sandwich Brioche French Toast Quiche of the day Fountain Priarie Roasted Beef hot pressed sandwich Free range roasted Chicken hot pressed sandwich Hot Rooibus Tea Cafe Au Lait  It's open really early at 6:30am to 5pm EVERY DAY!
Loves MSD!

Awesome food and coffee and pastries.
The knock on the a service is just insane - unkind and unfair.
Their service is always great.
The atmosphere is warm with lots of wood huge front windows.
MSC is a real Willy Street gem, the kind of thing you can only find in this part of town.

"Average plus" would be an accurate description.
I like the tall ceiling and open feeling.
The decor is somewhat basic, but clean and pleasant.
They serve Just Coffee (local) here, which is alright, but I wouldn't say awesome.
The lady at the casher was smily, chatty, and fun.
When I asked to substitute the bacon that comes with waffle with something vegetarian, she was quick to point me to granola + yogurt option.
That was great.
I appreciated the flexibility.
The freshly baked waffle arrived at my table.
It smelled great, and looked delicious - and was delicious.
The only thing is that it had the texture of pancake than waffle - but whatever, I liked this pancake-waffle very much.
So the waffle alone should deserve 4 stars.
I have never been a big fan of their baked goods.
I think they are over-rated.

Wish they would learn how to brew coffee...they switched roasters and it still sucks.
Bakery and pastries great...food trying to emulate good food, but without skill to pull it off.

Major Update:  Someone finally figured out how to do sandwich right in Madison.
Tried their grilled goat cheese + butternut squash and hummus + grilled veggie for lunch today.
Phenomenal!
Solid 5 stars including the side salad.
And bonus for very friendly cashier - in fact, I've never seen anything but smile and courteous service from MSC whenever I go.

On a rare sunshine-y Winter day, I took a seat in a sunbeam at the counter of Madison Sourdough.
The store was filled with community spirit.
A dad and his little boy sat next to me while he got his son a cookie for breakfast.
What a dad!
People of many generations were meeting up for breakfast and coffee.
There is a nearby parking lot, but this spot sees plenty of foot and bicycle traffic.
I ordered a croissant breakfast sandwich with the sausage on the side in case it was too greasy or I didn't like it.
The server was friendly and non-intrusive, keeping my water full and quickly delivering my espresso drink.
I was checking out the store copy of the morning's paper and he gave me the okay to do my best with the crossword.
I had walked there, myself, and soon thawed out from the cold and windy trip.
It was the morning after an icy shower and many businesses had been difficult to walk in front of, but these folks had their walk nice and cleared of ice and snow, which I really appreciate when you are working the early shift and have to take care of that.
The sandwich was perfect, sausage flavorful and not the least bit greasy and the fresh fruit side was very welcome (especially since they didn't use out-of-season melons and such, but nice Winter storage pears and apples instead).
I didn't get bread to take home that day, but I have had their bread and it is wonderfully well made, as are their danish and brioche.
Please go check out the Madison Sourdough company.
I couldn't recommend it more!
It is a community supporting, warm, and social place, and leaves a great memory of sunshine and friendliness and a cold Winter day.
I couldn't finish my crossword and left it for the next lucky patron.

Excellent bread.
Delicious menu.
Genuine customer service.
Love it!

I love this place.
I just missed the andouille sausage sandwich but I'm guessing that I was the only one who ordered it.
The staff is great, always willing to chat.
I particularly love that the sandwiches come with a side salad instead of fries.
Also the bread is great.

Mmmmm breakfast.
Sourdough has great bread and breakfast options.
It also appeared to be pretty pet friendly, with too small pooches hanging around their owners (one of which was in a stroller...but that's en entirely different story).
Anyway, I had the granola that was incredibly flavorful and paired with a nice creamy yogurt.
Boyfriend had 2 thick slabs of brioche french toast with berries.
It was all very good with speedy service and easy table finding on a Saturday morning.

Okay, I'll admit...I wasn't overly excited about stopping in here for breakfast.
The limited menu didn't grab me, but the boyfriend wanted to try it out.
Okay, so occasionally I guess he can win, because this was top notch.
I had the baker's breakfast, which consisted of fried eggs, baguette, dressed greens, ham, and creamy butter.
Yep, basically the five food groups of deliciousness.
EVERYTHING on the plate was perfect.
The green salad was light, and the shaved fennel was a welcome addition.
The eggs were SO tasty.
Best fried eggs I've had in Madison.
I'm not usually a "ham" person...but this isn't your grandma's Sunday dinner ham.
This is house smoked tastiness.
The baguette, of course, was just what a baguette should be.
Crunchy outside, moist and chewy on the inside(topped off with some of that butter!).
My boyfriend had the french toast...and I believe he said "This could very well be the best french toast I've EVER had".
We also got a loaf of the Country Hearth bread, which we've been devouring with lunches this week!
Above all, the staff was super nice, in that way that I can only find in the WIlly St. area.
GO HERE.

I LOVE this place!!!
The food is top notch every time I visit.
Their staff rocks.
And the atmosphere excellent.
I could sit around all day and be quite happy eating and drinking the deliciousness they have to offer.

I can give this spot 4 stars because I tried quite a few things on the menu all in one go.
This is a great low key spot with fresh made breads, soups, salads and pastries.
My colleague suggested this place for a take out lunch, so we ventured over.
The interior has this semi-rustic, semi-shabby-chic feel with mounted chalkboard menus, Ball glass jars for hot drinks and homemade jams, wooden tables and chairs and decided antique iron accent pieces throughout the place.
I scanned the menu for the veggie/pescatarian options and came across a few things that sound appetizing.
Because it's turning cold here in Madison, it was between the grilled cheese with tomato pesto and spinach, the tuna melt with capers, and the house veggie burger with tomato pesto, spinach and fontina cheese.
I went for the burger on the half and half special with a potato leek soup; it comes with a spinach and romaine side salad.
The burger had great flavor and texture, with a balance of ingredients.
One thing that does veggie burger in for me is the overuse of an ingredient in an attempt to keep the patty form, like black beans or beets.
This one was nice, and the pesto and cheese set it off.
The potato leek soup was a bit more liquid than I'm used too, but again, the flavor was solid without being overwhelming.
I also ordered a morning bun, which is apparently a popular breakfast pastry.
It's a puffed croissant with cinnamon sugar dusting all over.
Goodness.
it's good.
Butter is your friend.
I can see this with a good hot cocoa!
I also tried their iced pomegranate green tea, unsweetened.
Also very nice and refreshing.
The waitstaff was friendly and helpful with menu options.
It was clean, and though there was a bit of a wait for the food we ordered to go, it wasn't overcrowded for the lunch hour.
I enjoyed it.

Uh, all that I can say is, YUM!
This is some of the best bread I have ever had and I am a carboholic.
Even my francophile husband said that the baguettes are done "correctly.
" Aside from that, the staff is friendly and cool and the prices really aren't bad, considering the quality.
The only advice I would give is PLEASE encourage the restaurants that carry your breads to order extra the next time you close for four days!
Madison had a major bread crisis until Wednesday of this week!
That is definitely a compliment...

An outstanding place for lunch or brunch.
Friendly service (basically at the counter, though they bring your food out.
)  Excellent bread, fresh ingredients, a cheery atmosphere that wasn't too cheery for a non-morning person...
I had a sandwich with salmon and avocado, I believe.
Quite good, as was the corn chowder, and the sweet potato latke we all shared.
Juice and lemonade were good, though not fresh-squeezed as I'd hoped.
We had a couple of pastries, too, and they were very good.

I've never actually been in the store but I tend to buy a loaf of bread from Madison Sourdough Co from their off-to-the-side stand at the farmer's market every single week that I am able.
I don't exaggerate in saying that they make some of the best artisan bread that I have ever had.
The girl at the stand claims that the bread is made using nothing but flour, salt and water.
What a load of crap.
You don't make bread that good with just 3 ingredients...do you?

Very disappointing.
The expensive salmon sandwiches we ordered for lunch were tiny, but piled high and open-faced, causing them to messily fall apart with every bite.
The sandwich toppings did taste really good, but the bread underneath was dry, hard and dense, making it unpleasant to eat.
The service was fine and the place seemed clean and had a nice decor, in a corporate-trying-to-look-indie-but-non-threatening kinda way, so despite these issues I was going to give the place 2 stars... then I tried the small side salad.
It sounds intriguing from the description in the menu, but it's basically just a pile of lettuce doused in vinegar.
Absolutely disgusting.
We didn't order beverages or bakery, so I can't comment on the quality there, but the drink prices looked similar to other cafes.
At least when it comes to lunch, though, this place charges way too much for way too little, and what they do give you is mediocre at best.
Definitely not recommended.
Pros: Watch your food being made, tasty salmon, cheap drinks Cons: Expensive, dry dense bread, miniscule portions, disgusting salad dressing

I do not recommend this place for lunch.
Service - Average  Employees are friendly and competent, doing their jobs in a way that is expected.
Food - A waste of money.
I wish I could get a refund.
The bread was hard, chewy, and tasted woody...like it would have been a tender crusty bread four days ago that was then left uncovered in the sun...  (They keep their bread loaves uncovered, on a shelf, by giant windows where the sunlight beats down unhindered...I guess that should have been a warning sign.
)  The dill spread could easily have come in a budget tub from a grocer.
The red onion slice was okay, though it's really hard to screw up raw onion.
Sadly, you don't gain points for slicing an onion.
The paper thin slices of cucumber were pointless, their flavor overwhelmed by the salmon & spread, and cut too thin to be crunchy.
The small pieces of salmon were okay, though nothing exceptional.
You can get similar fare from your local butcher.
The side salad... ... ... wtf did they put on these greens?
It tasted like bitter vinegary dish water.
Portion size - Small  It's acceptable as a very light lunch.
Over all, the salad sucked, the bread blew and the rest left me unimpressed.
If I'm paying $8.50 for a small open-faced (and therefore basically only a half) sandwich, it needs to be organic, local and mind blowing amazing.
Atmosphere - Corporate / Faux - Indie  Random second hand tables, though most had their own set of matching chairs.
Sunlight from the large windows lights the place up, but be aware of where you sit to avoid excessive sun glare.
Just a side note.
Their website claims their chef  "draws inspiration from local, sustainable, and seasonal ingredients.
" This is not the same as actually *using* local, sustainable and seasonal ingredients.
I dislike it when restaurants use B.S.
marketing manipulation.
Only their bread and beverages include local ingredients, and not even 100% like they imply.

Madison Sourdough is our new favorite weekend breakfast/brunch spot.
Haven't had a bad meal here.
The veggie burger is phenomenal, the soup is heartwarming, and when you're not sure what else to get the egg croissant is a safe bet (richness not withstanding).
Staff is encouraging and atmosphere is Madisonish.

Came into Madison Sourdough this morning to get out of the office for a while and focus on a few tasks.
It was great!
The cashier and all the people who worked there were extremely friendly, without being overbearing.
I tried the Croque Madame.
It was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in Madison!
The only reason I can't give them five stars is that their Sourdough really doesn't hold a candle to anything in San Francisco.
But that's not their fault, literally; we don't have the same "bugs in the air" in Madison as in San Francisco!

Great coffee & breakfast!

I took the advice to come for breakfast and loved it.
Service is was bright and friendly.
They have different breads depending on the day of the week.
There is a mix of some great items on the menu for breakfast.
Decadent items such as different omelettes, sour dough french toast, the bakers breakfast with eggs and ham.
The coffee is great and the pastries are even better.
The danishes and croissants melted in our mouths!
T-shirts, aprons, and tote bags are available for purchase.
Pretty good quality I'd have to say.
The bags also have a story behind it.

Best croissants in Wisconsin - that's no exaggeration.
I love coming to Madison Sourdough to pick up pastries for the office in the morning.
But I've recently learned it's a great place for lunch too!
This may sound trivial, but my favorite part of eating a salad for lunch here is the delicious brioche croutons.
I never thought I would find a crouton memorable, or worth writing about, but here I am.

Well i just came back from san fran and this place is like my place for bread in town.
Not san fran sourdough, but Ill take it!

We went there this Saturday morning for breakfast, and it was amazing.
Maybe part of it was a contrast to our horrible dinner from last night, but I don't think so.
The food was better than my husband expected.
I had been there before and gotten the roast beef sandwich, which was really good.
I loved that its horseradish sauce was a little thin and went into the beef instead of just being a layer on top.
They also shred the parmesan.
Honestly, I could leave the salad greens... nothing special there... but I thoroughly enjoyed the sandwich.
This morning, I got the french toast, which was excellent.
A couple of weeks ago, I made french toast at home with their wheat hearth bread, and it was really good.
Quite honestly, I didn't think that theirs would be able to top what I made at home (not to be too conceded or anything- ha!
), but it was perfect.
As for my husband, he got the Baker's Breakfast with bacon instead of ham.
The eggs were cooked perfectly and my husband described the bacon as almost rib-like in flavor-- smokey and meaty.
Of course, the bread was good, too.
We bought a loaf of bread to take with us since I haven't stopped thinking about the last loaf we bought.
I made the mistake of buying sourdough elsewhere since my last stop in at MSD; it did not come near the texture or flavor of theirs and was about the same price.
Ok, I think I've sung their praises enough.
If you're looking for a great breakfast place that's not super crowded on Saturday morning, definitely come here.
Friendly people and great food.

Despite much of the criticism below, I found Madison Sourdough to be an absolutely wonderful gastronomic experience!
If you're searching for something rich and savory, perhaps a good breakfast fix, Madison Sourdough is your place!
My dad and I were merely passing through when we stumbled upon it and I had absolutely ZERO REGRETS about ordering the fantastic Croque-monsieur; a delectable open face sandwich piled high with smooth, warm ham and topped with a rich, incredibly cheesy Gruyère sauce dressed liberally all over.
Excellent.
Excellent.
Excellent.
A must try when visiting the great city of Madison!

Popped in for a quick breakfast on my way to work.
I ordered the breakfast sandwich, which included egg and cheddar on a croissant with a side salad.
The croissant was amazing!
Very buttery and crispy on the outside.
The sandwich was delicious and the tangy dressing on the side salad provided a nice contrast.
My mom came here for lunch the same day and ordered a tuna sandwich, which she thought was ok (I can't review that, though, since I didn't try it myself!

Oh yes, this is a place after my own heart: outstanding breads, great coffee, and an interesting list of breakfast/brunch specials well executed and reasonably priced.
The vibe is relaxed, the staff friendly and helpful.
I took a small suitcase of bread back to Philly - the country baguette and fig country loaf being standouts.
I always think that places like this are civic treasures where the community can come together and have an enjoyable and oh so tasty time.

I really love this place but I wish they still had the house smoked salmon on grilled miche - my favorite!
Still a fun spot to meet for brunch or lunch with friends.
Not really a place to study or work, although there is wi-fi.
We will back again and we'll have to find a new favorite on the menu.

Went to Madison Sourdough for lunch today.
I had the best sandwich in a long time!
Excellent combination of meatloaf, blue cheese, and pickled onions.... Every bite was delightful!
The menu at this restaurant is wonderful, I have a very hard time deciding on what to order because everything on the menu sounds yummy!
Go for breakfast or lunch, it's a win, win for either meal!

Had their strata which seemed overpriced and honestly not that tasty.

I really like the pastries and bakery, especially when it is out fresh in the morning.
I picked up a couple of chocolate croissants and other baked good at 6 am once after I dropped off my friend at the airport.
The bakery was AWESOME!
The crispy yet non-greasy taste had left me wanting to go back for more.
I have tried other bakery shops and I think the quality and taste is on par with shops like Batch.
Price-wise, it's on par with other bakery shops.
I also had a braised pork sandwich which was A-OK.
I thought the serving portion was small.
Although the food was prepared fresh and there is some aesthetics in plating, the meal was forgetting and I would not re-order.
Overall, it's definitely worth a try.

I like the simple, yet classic decor and the friendly staff.
There are some fun things on their menu, like pumpkin pancakes and nutella.
They also donate food to the local food pantry and I appreciate their efforts to avoid waste.

I'll keep it simple: outstanding breads and croissants!
I make a detour to stop by this bakery whenever in town and always end up with a loaf of bread and a few pastries to take home.
I have no plan to stop that habit.

This place is like the worst nightmare of anyone who is allergic to gluten.
There is gluten virtually floating in the air, in the form of tiny little sourdough spores that smell so good you'll wish you could taste them.
Luckily, I am not allergic to gluten.
Today I took a group of 7 to MSCo and every single one of us was impressed.
I had the special which was a pork belly sandwich on fresh brioche with braised red cabbage, a horseradish aoli, and homemade sweet pickles.
It was divine.
I also really enjoyed the side salad with apple cider vinaigrette.
I tried a sample of the seeded rye bread in line and was extremely impressed.
Also worth mentioning was the chocolate gateau basque with sea salt caramel.
I think I cried a little when I ate it; it was beautiful.
I took a scone home and while the flavor was good (raspberry hazelnut), it seemed over-baked to me (dark on the outside and beyond-normal-scone dryness on the inside).
That was the only negative thing I can say about the whole trip though.
The service was great... the interior was very welcoming... Heck!
I even found a parking spot really easily.
I will definitely return!

Food is good there.
Some if it is really fantastic.
The diablo eggs are great.
BLT is outstanding.
Bread is also very good, but check to make sure it is cooked through.
One time I good a loaf of bread that was not cooked through - disappointing.

This was one of my stops on an impromptu visit to Wisconsin.
Did some research on Yelp to find a good place to grab a bite to eat before my husband and I hit the road.
We were not disappointed.
When you walk in you eyes are assaulted by the wonderful bread display.
The size of the shop is a bit small, but they do have a back room which is really cute.
The backroom is set up with antique tables and chairs giving it a modern yet country shabby chic look.
You can also view the staff whipping up your meals.
I had the buttermilk pumpkin pancakes which were a little thick and sopped up all my syrup.
They did have a spiciness to them that made it unique.
My husband ordered the quiche which was absolutely delicious.
He raved about it from the consistency to the crust.
He loved the place so much so that we pondered ordering some sandwiches for lunch to go.
Ah, but there is next time if we ever happened to stop by.
We would know where to go for a solid meal.

I cannot stay away from Madison Sourdough.
No matter what the season, when we visit Madison, we visit MS to eat in and bring back to Chicago the goodness of their breads and pastries.
At Thanksgiving and Christmas, we had the amazing Parker Rolls.
From this weekend, I have brought back more bread and am going to be trying the cinnamon roll and Normandy apple tart.
Honestly, I don't care if any of it is already a day or two old.
I'm sure it will be delicious.
And I am already missing our lovely, chilly February morning breakfast there of croissant, fruit and cream of mushroom soup.
Do we have to move to Madison or is there any way they could open in Chicago?
Or better yet- in my kitchen???
See you soon, MS.

I've eaten here enough to know you can't go wrong here for breakfast items.
Everything is pretty great--provided you like everything to taste fresh and local.
Like the Lazy Jane's and the Weary Traveler, I think this place defines the Willy Street Cuisine.
My "go-to" meals are the French Toast and the Breakfast Sandwich on a Croissant.

Just let me take one of everything!
Not to mention the refreshing space!

Amazing bread here - I usually end up buying Madison Sourdough loaves from the Willy St Coop.
When I specifically go here, it's for brunch because their French Toast is *delicious*!

The best service I've received in a long time.
They were excellent, and the atmosphere was very welcoming.
The menu has a great variety, and the food was fantastic!

The chocolate brownie at Madison Sourdough could end world war.
(I'm certain of it.
)  Forget about awkward insides like nuts or chips that just get in the way and slow you down, and ditch the dusting of powdered sugar or even worse fudge, (stop putting fudge on brownies America) and what you're left with is a brownie in its purest form.
Rectangle shaped chocolate.
That is all.
I'm not certain what chocolate they use, but it's rich and it's creamy, and the texture of the brownie itself has a certain moistness that's beyond description.
And I don't even like the word moist!
But it's the only word in my lexicon to describe just how sink-your-teeth-in-drool-worthy these things are.
And on one hand it's hard for me to overlook the delicious pasty that blankets the two glass cases at Madison Sourdough, but on the other hand the brownie stands out as the best option to cure my craving each and every time.
It's like a cacao beacon begging me to eat it.
I've also had breakfast and lunch, sipped some strong brew and on a rare occasion got a cookie (a cookie!
) and while tasty nothing tops what is possibly the best brownie I've ever eaten.
(And I'm a brownie connoisseur.
I grew up in a home where brownies were as popular as Real Housewives spin offs.
5 or so home-baked varieties stocked our freezer and wound up in school lunches.
So I know.
)   In conclusion.... get a brownie.
It's the secret to world peace.

I've had a running "Brunch Club" with some friends all semester and after 15 weeks of brunchin' around town we decided Madison Sourdough was the illustrious winner.
Forget the delicious bread and delectable pastries, the MS cafe is the kind of place you wish you were every time the weather is blustery, sipping a cup of hot coffee and chowing down on the Baker's Breakfast (house-smoked ham, eggs over easy or hard, sliced baguette) or sourdough french toast with rhubarb compote.
Drooling yet?
Madison Sourdough is one of the rare cases you feel you're getting champagne on a beer budget and somehow getting away with it.
Every delicious crumb of it.

I am in love... with all of Willy Street, but mostly with Madison Sourdough.
The high ceilings and brightly painted walls make the space open and inviting.
It also helps that everyone on the staff is extremely friendly and eager to please.
(:   My first foray into the wonderful world of MSCo was the pulled pork sandwich.
Now, I've had my share of pulled pork sandwiches, and for a place that doesn't specialize in barbecue meats, MSCo makes a damn good one.
The pork is juicy and the horseradish aoli really brings out the flavor in the meat.
I devoured it.
Oh, and did I mention that MSCo also makes a mean iced chai latte?
Because they do.
It is delish!
:9  After lunch, I snuck away with a few baked goodies as well...a brownie and a sourdough baguette.
Neither made it home in one piece.
I don't typically have a huge sweet tooth, but I caved at the truffle-like consistency of the brownie.
Each bite practically melted in my mouth..and as hard as I tried to save half of it for my friend, the entire brownie was safely tucked away in my belly before I even pulled into my parking spot at home.
Oops.
The baguette was another winner.
I like my sourdough bread sour - but not overwhelmingly so - and MSCo's was perfection.
(: Unfortunately it does dry out pretty quickly..but a few spritzes of water and a couple minutes in the oven and it comes out freshly baked (almost).
BRB MSCo, I am addicted.

Awesome space.
I was surprised to see just how large the place was - the main seating area is big, open, and airy; the additional back room looks a little more cozy and features some cool looking couches.
I'd like to check out that space in the future.
The bread - wow.
We've had the baguette on more than one occasion and it's just what a baguette should be.
Be sure to check out the weekly baking schedule; Fridays sound particularly interesting, especially with the Miche bread and walnut sourdough options.
The breakfast food - excellent.
We stopped-in while on the way to work this morning to grab a bite.
Saw they had a quiche special that featured caramelized onions, mushrooms, ham, and gruyere.
We ordered them to go, and even though I had to heat mine while at work, it was really tasty.
The crust was perfect, the onions slightly sweet, the cheese and ham perfectly smoky.
The only complaint?
It took a long time for them to box-up the quiche.
Like 10 minutes long.
And it wasn't terribly busy.
I could understand the additional time if we had ordered something hot, or something that had to be assembled, but I struggle with waiting for so long when it should be a simple matter of "slice, box, serve, go.
"   Not a big deal, and definitely not a deal breaker... just a bit of an aggravation, especially when you're trying to get to work on time.
I can't wait to return and to be able to sit down, kick back, relax, enjoy the atmosphere, and stuff my face with delicious carby goodness.

Finding good bread and good pastries is such a rare treat in the states, but man oh man do they offer these things in spades.
I remember looking forward to grabbing one of their croissants as I wandered around the farmers market every week, but now you can enjoy their treats all the time!
The peach danishes are just superb.
It's a great place to pop in for a snack, grab some granola for home, share a breakfast with a friend, or sit down with some tea, bread, and cheese and do a little work.

Biscuits and gravy is soooo good here.
They also have a copy of the NY times paper in the morning circulating for free!

9/20/13 My wife and I stopped in for a late breakfast.
Why haven't we done this before now?!?
The in-house smoked ham, the bread, the Kickapoo Coffee...
I could go on and on...
They could improve their interior decorating, but it's really about the food.
It's good eats!

They make some delicious bread here!
But we all knew that already.
What surprised me here was the ambiance.
The place is cozy!
I can see coming here for a relaxed brunch very often.
I had the special of the day, strata with mushrooms, provolone and sage, and BF had the baker breakfast, both delicious!
For next time I have my eyes set on the hash: looks really yummy!
I also had a good iced tea and BF had an espresso.
Like me BF is Italian, which means he can be quite snobby about coffee, but BF commented the espresso was good, much better than others he had recently!
Can see this becoming a favorite!

If you're hankering for some brunch, you can't go wrong with Madison Sourdough.
The people are friendly, the food is outstanding, and the prices are reasonable.
The menu changes seasonally, and walking in to a fresh Madison Sourdough menu is a bittersweet experience; your favorite item from the old menu might be gone (bring back the original potato hash!
), but the new menu always has some delicious sounding and seasonally-appropriate stuff on it.
Still, you can always get their marvelous egg sandwich, a cornerstone of my weekend diet.

Love this place.
I've only been here a couple times and they have not let me down.
I've had their beef, and egg salad sandwiches, chicken panini and smoked zucchini soup - amazing flavors all over!
I'm going back for more and I got my eyes on some chocolate croissants.
I've thought about purchasing their bread, which I notice many people coming I  just to get a loaf...but then I realize I probably couldn't replicate the flavors.
I'll just have to visit more often.
http://www.getnmahbelly.com/2013/10/madison-sourdough/

I don't know about bread but meals here are not good.
I just spent whole 10 minutes waiting for a very basic breakfast sandwhich which came out to a whopping more than $10 and was dripping with grease.
Had few sit-down meals there and they also ranged from mediocre to simply unedible.
Sourdough also loves giving you "salad" on the side which is wilted salad greens literally swimming in some nasty creamy dressing.
If this salad is next to the sandwich, bread on that sandwich will quickly soak in that dressing and get mushy as well.
This last breakfast experience prompted me to write this review because I gave the place many chances to redeem itself.

This place is GOOD.
My parents were in town for a weekend and we were looking for a new breakfast place, so we decided to wander down Willy St. to see what we found.
Between the three of us we got 2 salads, a sandwich, and several pastries.
The salads were very generous and my sandwich was large as well.
The food was very flavorful and clearly fresh ingredient were used.
My sandwich was on thicker bread which made it a little difficult to eat, but I suppose that's just a personal preference and it was still delicious.
I thought the prices were acceptable for the quality of the food and portion sizes.
Overall, a good experience.
I'll be back.

My husband and I were in the area looking for a fantastic food choice, Yelp and my husband's hankering for a latte beckoned us here.
We chose to eat off the lunch side (breakfast until 3 PM too) with orders of the Pork and Apple sandwich and Chicken Pannini.
Both came with a side salad tossed with a light vinaigrette.
The sandwiches were tasty and the bread was fantastic.
The pork was on baguette and the chicken was a hearty sourdough.
My husband isn't into tough breads so it was tender and still crunchy.
I have to admit, I thought the pork was going to be acceptable but it had beautiful flavors which gave a sweet savory.
I will be back but to try the bakers breakfast or french toast.

Amazing pastries!
I always look forward eagerly to their stand at the Farmer's Market.
I'm not a huge danish fan usually, but they have the best damn cheese danish I have ever had, and now I buy one pretty much every week in the summer.
When they aren't sold out by the time I get there.
I cannot comment on any of their other food, since I have only had the pastries.
It's probably a 5 star kind of place overall, but I don't want to rate what I haven't tried.

yay, I finally got to try this place.
So happy.
My girl friends had a variety of meals.
One had egg benedict, one had beet sandwich and the other had croissant sandwich.
Only the one with beet sandwich didn't feel satisfied with her  food, the rest loved their choice.
I initially ordered some meatball (was craving for it), but then I learned that it was mixed of beef, lamb and cow so I cancelled out my order.
So, I was having a piece of CARRE Vanila and A chocolate croissant.
And I know I will be back for their CARRE VANILA.
It's scrumptious.
You should try it too!
Madison Sourdough, you'll be on the list.
You will!

GIMME DEM CARBSSS.
Madison Sourdough makes glorious carbo-loading a possibility in all forms, and I'm not speaking strictly bread.
(Though the breads here are mighty fine.
I'd recommend the Sourdough....)  I adore the potato hash of yukon gold potatoes, onion, butternut squash and brussel sprouts, roasted beets, duck fat, and over easy eggs.
Did I say duck fat?
Yes, that just happened.
The shop itself is so inviting and is the kind of place you'd want to chill at for hours just sippin over a cup of tea or gnawing on a rustic baguette.
Whatever tickles your fancy.
Personally, I'd go with the bread.

Try the Breakfast Cereal.
It's steel cut oats, quinoa, and blueberries topped with fresh apple.
It also just so happens to be vegan and gluten-free.
Deeeeee-licious and super filling!

Home cooked meals when not at home; one of the best eating out experiences.
I got the Salmon Eggs Benedict on my last trip to Madison and it was spectacular.
I split this and the french toast with a GF.
Trust me, you're going to want to take someone with you because 1.
You will eat the entire meal served even after you decide you will take half to go and 2.
The portion sizes are made for a very hungry lumberjack...
The service has never been slow or the customer made to feel not at home.
The rustic and different styles of furniture gives the place a homelike and welcoming feeling.
It is a very inviting atmosphere as you could sit there for hours sipping of tea or coffee and people watching or getting work done.
If you sit in the rear room, you have access to see the chefs at work.
The last and best part of the restaurant is the bakery to go.
All sorts of breads and pastries are baked and sold to the public.
Loaves of bread by the whole or half sizes are sold.
I take home a loaf on each visit.
This is a must go in Madison upon entering the city or prior to leaving!

It took me a while, but I finally heeded Yelptern Izzy's advice to try out the brunch at Madison Sourdough.
Izzy is a bit of a brunch connoisseur and she considers Madison Sourdough to be the penultimate local brunch option.
She may be on to something.
After visiting in the morning as part of a four-hour hash crawl to sample their divine potato hash, I was so impressed that I returned later that afternoon with the rest of my family.
It's definitely in the upper echelon of Madison brunch options, rivaling such breakfast stalwarts as Graze and Marigold.
Both the kitchen and the bakery dole out some serious culinary magic.
The potato hash cooked in duck fat was nearly flawless.
The vegetables (Yukon gold potatoes, onion, butternut squash, Brussels sprouts, beets) were deeply roasted and well seasoned.
The over easy eggs were expertly cooked and the runny deep orange yolks really helped pull the dish together.
The only modification I would make would be to add a small salad to balance out the richness of the dish.
My daughter devoured the Sourdough French Toast that came with a pile of dense cinnamon flavored whipped cream.
The French toast had a wonderful exterior crunch to balance out the custardy interior.
The hash crawl crew loved the orange gateau basque with its creamy citrus filling.
The restaurant is well staffed.
Despite visiting at the peak of the brunch rush, service went smoothly.
We found a table a couple of minutes after we placed our order and the food arrived a short time later.
While you bus your own table, a staff member dropped by our table to see what we thought of our meal.
We also ended up meeting one of the co-owners of Madison Sourdough during our visit.
He learned about the hash crawl from our group's mini-social media blitz and gave us a brief tour of the production facility after our meal.
The menu changes seasonally and I look forward to trying the next iteration of dining options.
If the kitchen can consistently produce at the level I enjoyed this past weekend, I will be bumping up the rating to five stars.

I love this place.
Their eggs benedict is so light and irresistible.
I always go to Madison Sourdough thinking I'm going to try something new... but I always end up getting the salmon benedict.
It is not like any benedict you will have at other restaurants.I have tried some other items on the menu from friends and they have all been good as well.
I also like that they have an extra section towards the inside of the cafe that's quiet and cozy.
I like that I have the option to sit towards the front door where it's more bustling or sit towards the inside where it's quieter.
During the summer they have seating outside as well and it's nice there too.

Great vibe with too many great choices.
I had the Frarattoo and would highly recommend it.
Very rich and savory grain dish with poached egg.
Great baked goods as well.

Mmmm... Brunch.
Potato hash made with duck fat.
You'd have to be a quack not to eat this dish.
Easy over egg, kale and farro.
Great combo of textures and flavors.
My guy had the veggie burger and tomato bisque.
The patty was incredibly flavorful as it incorporated a balsamic gastrique.
The soup was creamy and the perfect accompaniment.
Kickapoo coffee.
How can one go wrong?

Met some friends for breakfast here and was very impressed with their quiche.
It comes with a small cup of aioli, which is totally not needed, and a small, perfectly composed side salad.
The quiche was possibly the most fluffy and soft quiche I've ever eaten.
That day, they had turnips and parsnips in there and while those were not my fave veggies, it worked with the quiche.
I don't know how they get it that fluffy.
Butter?
Or sorcery?
The crust was also very tender and flaky.
Best crust ever.
The side salad was a perfect foil to the richness of the egg pie.

First and foremost,  let me say that I LOVE the food here.
I truly and honestly do.
Their food is light, delicious, and match what I enjoy to the T. But their inconsistency is killing them.
I usually order the panzanella salad.
It's my favorite salad here in Madison.
But I've ordered this salad once in store and they forgot the gorgonzola.
That's fine since I was dining in.
I've ordered this salad for takeout about four other times and they forgot the gorgonzola on two different occasions.
When I order it to go, half the time they'll put the dressing on the side.
And the other half, the dressing will come tossed in.
Salads to go should never have the dressing tossed in unless you like really soggy veggies.
If I'm not getting the panzenella salad, I'll order the eggs benedict with ham.
Not a big fan of the salmon because it usually comes out partially cooked.
Not a vibrant orange like most smoked salmon but a pinkish orange / fully cooked salmon.
(They advertise smoked salmon) There have been instances where I'll order this for takeout and they would forget the poached eggs... an eggs benedict without the eggs.
Yum.
I will say this again, I love the food here.
I really do.
I'll keep ordering food here but I really just wish they were a little more consistent with what they do here.

It was said that I didn't describe the wonderful breakfast sandwich from MSD and thus they failed to make the list.
NOOOO the injustice!!!
MSD definitely has the best breakfast sandwich in town!!!!
Where can you get fried croissant with melted cheese and house made ham or bacon???
And the croissant is FRIED so it's not soggy like some other places I've been to.
And they used to do the scrambled eggs runny till some people were too bothered by the rawness of the egg.
Just ask and customize your egg!!
Ok, my other new favorite is the biscuits and gravy!!
Mmmmmmmm so good.
It comes with an egg on top.
The biscuit withstands the flood of delicious gravy filled with meat.
Ohhhhhhhhhh so good.
One of my favorites in town!
Also, don't forget their ice coffee, it is really cold brewed.
Not like some other places which just dunk ice into hot coffee -.- it is NOT the same.
Oops, I forgot, they had some amazing baking classes.
I did the cake decorating and gingerbread house one.
The gingerbread house was such a great and worth it experience.
Only $35 for 4 people, we had 4 adult females.
We got to bring home one decorated house and were amply fed with endless cookies, sandwiches, hot cider.
It was AMAZING.
So yeah, one of my favorite breakfast places in town!
And now they sell alcohol too!

Freshest and some of the best bread I've had in Mad town!
Croissants are delicious.
I have no doubt in my mind all the baked goods are amazing.
This is also one of my fav breakfast/brunch spots.
Eggs Benedict.
EGGS BENEDICT!
Best Eggs Benedict I've ever had.
Good coffee too!
Overall, a little pricy but worth it.

The nut roll and bread are to die for.
The first time I had the nut roll, I inhaled it and hid from the old man so I wouldn't have to share it.
It's that good.
Heck, I won't even share the bread with him...the sunflower sourdough is that good.

I like Madison Sourdough because you can tell they put a lot of effort into preparing fresh, locally sourced meals and breads.
It's a very typical Willie St. ambience, if you're familiar with the area.
My only complaint is the menu isn't terribly diverse and it can sometimes take a while to get food (~20 mins) during the lunch hour.

They make the best sourdough baguette ever!
Yum!
Anything I have ever gotten from them is delicious!

Since I missed my past barista job and daily coffee intake, I spent a lot of time visiting local coffee shops the first month moving to Madison.
After trying many shops, Madison Sourdough is by far my favorite.
Fresh, local food with a side of the best iced coffee I've tasted in Madison.
Now once a week I find myself walking over for a fresh scone and cup of coffee.
Everyone is very friendly, especially the owner.
Great location and provides a nice little outdoor section.
I highly suggest stopping by if you're looking for a cup of refreshing true iced coffee or want to pick up fresh bread.

