It was getting late and I had a race the next morning - needed something simple and quick - specifically of the carbohydrate variety.
I went with a pretty safe (read plain) option; penne noodles, tomato sauce, parmesan cheese, and sauteed mushrooms.
Points for fresh ingredients and efficient service but this is definitely not "inventive" food; this is a quick service restaurant chain - definitely not typical fast food, but not an upscale Italian restaurant.
I'll certainly eat at a Noodles and Company again (we go way back) but it is always when I'm looking for something quick, simple, and casual.

Clean restaurant, great service, great noodles....what more can you ask for from a Noodles & Company?
We enjoyed our meals and would visit again.

This Noodles is close to work, and I have eaten lunch or ordered carry out from this location 25 times in the last 2 years.
Service is always prompt, food is good quality, and they've only goofed up my carry out twice.
The second time I had ordered a med salad with grilled chicken only to find no chicken when I got back to the office.
I called and the manager made it right with me by sending 2 free Noodles bowl gift certificates via email.
Pretty happy with the way they conduct business, and will continue to eat there.
Clean tables and washrooms as well.

Ive been to at least 4 Noodles and Co in Madison and this takes the winner as the worst location oft the bunch.
As one of the previous reviews stated, this Noodles and Co is dirty.
I stopped in during  non peak  hours on a Thursday ( 2:30).
There were about 5 people there total, however, a few tables remained uncleaned  for the entire time I dined inside which was about a good 30 minutes.
They didn't seem understaffed and there wasn't a rush of customers.
I am not sure why tables couldn't be cleaned during this time.
I order the large Steak Stroganoff as I always do.
My food was delivered to me fast, yet, was barely warm and my steak was a bit dry and overcooked.
It was almost as if I got the  bottom  ends of the steak in the pot or however they keep the food until someone order it.
My food wasn't good.
I ate it because I was hungry and went without lunch for  the day.
Majority of the staff seems to be college students and younger so I am  not expecting the finest food in the world but even for a place like Noodles, I am not sure how you mess up a simple order to where its barely warm.
One last note, I noticed the dude who took my order hands were disgusting.
Fingers nails were dirty.
I hope he didn't cook my food.
That should have  been my first sign to leave.
I am a believer in 2nd chances but I will skip out on this Noodles location in the future.

