wow, i'm surprised no one's written on michael's yet!
this is the place for frozen custard.
i can say this because i'll eat there anytime regardless of the fact that i'm lactose intolerant.
it's THAT good.
especially the turtle sundae.
i always ask for extra peanut butter sauce, because O.
MY.
GOSH.
it's delicious.
best in the summer when you can sit outside.
AND it's in an especially safe neighborhood, what with all the street-crossing flags now.

Ok, so I've only been here twice (once at the Monroe location and the second time at the Atwood location) and OMG I'm totally in LOVE with their specialty sundae: Michael's Signature TURTLE with rich, thick, creamy vanilla custard ice cream (I don't think I've ever had custard ice cream before and now no other ice cream can compare well, except for Mitchell's Mango ice cream in SF - sorry I'm digressing here, let me finish with the rest of the TURTLE ingredients..), fresh roasted SALTED pecans, hot fudge and caramel!!!!!!
Sweet, salty, crunchy, creamy, chocolatey, caramely (is that a word?
) all create the perfect combination of a sundae, for me at least.
It's absolutely fabulous!
Each time I've had this masterpiece, I've totally zoned out and gone to another world - I'm serious.
I have to say I haven't had any of their burgers, etc.
I may have to give it a try next time and make it a gluttenous affair..  http://www.ilovemichaels.com/speciality_sundaes_2.asp

Micheals is good stuff.
This is excellent custard.
Flavorful, smooth, rich.
When I judge custard I try to look past the flavors of the day, the novelty sundaes, the toppings, and zero in on the taste and flavor of plain ol' vanilla.
If the vanilla is good, then the custard is good.
Micheals' has excellent vanilla.
Micheals is, therefore, excellent custard.

I've probably been here more than I should.
I like greasy, juicy burgers and fries.
I always get the California burger.
And their custard...it's rich and smooth and each spoonful is a little bite of heaven.
To each his own, and you'll just have to see what's on the menu that appeals to you, but I'd guarantee your satisfaction.
If I grew up in Madison, this would be a great high school date...wait, do kids still do that?
I was kind of a dork and it's not likely I'd be with a boy in the backseat of his car.
Still, I do see a lot of couples stop by and grab a seat in the lot on the table under the umbrella--obviously a great place to stop for ice cream coming home from a movie.

Ahhh, Wisconsin.
The home of cheese, beer, and brats.
If you can't have a good time in a state that specializes in those three things, you need to move to whatever communist country you came from.
Sorry about the communist blast but I am currently in a land where every car is made in the USA, where farms grow corn for fuel rather than food (sorry Africa), and patriotic country music reigns supreme.
I am also in a land where everyone can be seen wearing flip flops, Abercrombie cargo shorts (some muted earth tone color no less), a Hollister tshirt with a USA or AMERICA or HOLLISTER logo (uniquely American apparel proudly brought courtesy of China), and an American Eagle torn hat.
Nothing against it, it just gets a little repetitive.
So after having my fill of brats and PBR tallboys, I decided to round up the troops, and get some of this frozen custard they talk about.
Apparently it's made like ice cream but with eggs and a slightly different process.
However it's made, it's damn good.
On a texture scale, I would put it in between ice cream and gelato.
Poultry.

If I lived near here, I would weigh 300 pounds.
My husband wants to bring Michael's to California.
We stop here on our way from the airport.
We spent a significant part of Sunday evening looking for a place to buy Michael's custard (they sell it a Cub's - who knew?).
Anyway,  this location is terrific because in addition to CHERRY SODA (God's gift to Wisconsin, made with "real Door County cherry juice"), you can sneak through the parking lot of the bar next door to a great little playground.
Ok, it's not like you're climbing over dumpsters, it's just through the parking lot.
And from there it's a straight shot to the Knickerbocker park (don't know the official name) on Lake Wingra with boat rentals and fishing docks.
But back to Michael's.
Brat basket - yum.
Chicago dog - YUM!
Milk shakes - Yum!
Cherry Soda - OMG YUM!
Wait, no sundaes?
Crap, we'll have to stop on our way to the airport.
That will make 3 stops in one week - not counting the time they were closed.

I was so sad when my kid's size vanilla frozen custard was gone.
I scraped the bowl to get every drop of tasty the nectar.
It was absolutely amazing.
It was unlike anything I've ever had.
It tasted something like soft serve ice cream, but richer with more of an 'egg'/'custard' taste (go figure!
ha!).
If only I had bought a larger cup...
But with the prices, I don't know if I could have afforded anything bigger!

In Madison I took up running.
Mainly because if I didn't, I would weigh at least double my current weight.
I ate too much cheese (fried cheese curds I miss you, and fresh cheese curds too), too many butter burgers (I love you Culvers), brats, and of course TOO MUCH FROZEN CUSTARD.
For those of you who have somehow missed the amazing delight that is frozen custard, I feel so sorry for you.
Your life is not complete.
On my way home from work, I passed Michael's each day, and always looked with affection.
Most days I checked the website to see what the flavors were, so I knew if I would be pulling in or driving past.
Flavors of the day ranged from Doubleberry, Elephant Trax, Bavarian Thin Mint, Death by Chocolate, Peppermint, Pumpkin, Chocolate & Peanut Butter...the list goes on and on.
Regular flavors are great too.
Frozen Custard is just plain better than any ice cream I have ever had.
It's creamier, thicker, smoother.
At first I thought Michael's was really only about the custard, but then I tried a burger.
It was greasy, juicy, yummy, just how I like them.
And of course, you MUST get the Cherry Soda.
It's SO good.
Go here.
It's so worth a long run or many hours at the gym.

Frozen custard is just another reason why I don't think I can spend the rest of my life in CA - there isn't any here.
I miss it!
Michael's or Culver's, it's just so delicious.

Michael's is a necessary stop when biking around Lake Monona.
I have always gone with a simple scoop of chocolate custard, or the turtle sundae.
I like that you can buy pints of the stuff, too.
Ahhh, so good.
Gotta love a summer day filled with biking, the lake, the sun, and some damn fine custard!
Lovely frozen custard.
Lots of outdoor tables (albeit a bit sticky), and plenty of bike racks.

Very good food and very good custard.
My dog enjoys the K-9 Custard they have, which is an added bonus.

This is as good as frozen custard gets, and I've travelled a lot.
I grew up going to school at Edgewood, just up the hill from here.
I have fond memories of frozen custard after playing in the park along the lakeside.
A nice stop to add to this is Pasquel's, right across the street.
Let the frozen custard temper the hot sauce of the it's tex-mex.

Perhaps it's just that we only went there for the custard, and it was raining.
That's the only way I can understand the multiple 5-star ratings here after our experience.
There was standing water in the back half of the rather cramped dining area.
I was appalled by the prices, which I had to contort myself to read from the board above the cash register.
You can only order huge cones at a very premium price.
The cones were total mess - they looked sloppy, and they lived up to their looks.
We had custard everywhere.
It tasted very good, but the food looked horrible, the prices were pretty high, and the place was kind of gross.

Michael's Frozen Custard is ok for custard, although the prices are substantially higher than Culver's and the quality is almost exactly the same.
I do like the concept of doggie ice cream, and Ms. Pooch adores it, but at $3+ for a cup of no-sugar ice cream, it's not exactly going to make its way onto our 'regular treat' listing.
Food's OK, not spectacular, and again, their pricing structure is wacky.

Delicious frozen custard and great outdoor atmosphere!
Two spoons up!

W O W !!!!!!!!!!
Everything about this resturant is great.
The custard is the best ever, food terrific and the resturant and bathrooms are spotless.
I hear that they pay well above industry average so their employees are happy and do a good job.
It shows.

It's a fun little place to be on a sunny day.
The custard is good and you can take it over to WIngra park and doubly enjoy it.
Ate a hot dog there once, ONCE, and it was pretty bad.
All in all, not such a bad place to be on a summer's day...

Let me begin by saying I am a native of Madison and have been a lifelong lover of Michael's since it opened in 1986.
Let me also state that my rating is partly a protest vote against the asinine dance music that is incessantly  blared at the Monroe St. location.
The music has become so annoying I am struggling to bring myself to enjoy stopping by any longer.
I've asked the employees why it's played and I'm told "it's the owner's iPod" and that the employees basically can't do anything about it.
That said, let's get to business: Michael's is Madison's local independent custard joint.
It's been around since the 1980s and has a solid history in the Monroe Street neighborhood where this location is located.
As far as frozen custard goes, Michael's is pretty good but it's just not what it once was.
Even I have to admit that rapidly expanding, yet Wisconsin based Culver's offers better custard today.
I've returned to Madison from Los Angeles for a couple weeks every summer for about 10 years and Michael's has gradually lost a lot of its appeal.
The Custard:  It's not as creamy as it once was but the real problem is that the flavors are losing creativity and failing to come together as they once did.
Case in point: my wife's Mint Chip had no chips tonight while another patron's was overflowing with chocolate chips.
The quality control is not there.
The texture is lacking the creaminess so important in good custard.
And the flavors rarely have fresh berries - a sign that the custard is just not made fresh like it once was.
The employees were once local teenagers, usually West High Students or Edgewood High students that looked like they were having fun and engaging the customers.
Today, employees are disengaged and give you the impression they're just going through the motions.
They do the job...but that's it.
The store itself is reasonably clean but it's the details that count.
The fluorescent lights are covered in bugs and spider webs, the parking lot is deteriorating, and the store basically needs some investment (bathrooms, lighting, landscaping etc...)  This takes me to my final point: the Music.
It drives my totally crazy.
Why is a Frozen Custard stand in Madison Wisconsin that is covered in kitschy 1950'sesque décor blaring club music every time I go there (this has been a constant for several years now)?
If the custard was perfect and the customer service impeccable, fine, I'll live with it.
But Michael's is a restaurant that has disengaged ownership and functions as a conveyor belt of cash to the owner's pocket.
It's the worst kind of independent retail: retail that doesn't care about customers because they'll keep coming back.
In the end it's sad to admit as a proud Madisonian that my Milwaukee friends are correct:  Kopp's is better.
Oh how I miss what you once were Michael's Frozen Custard.

Came here because of a tip from gf's cousin.
While the custard is pretty good, I've had better at a lot of other places.
Will have to take the cousin to some of the other places...  Did like how you can walk through a gate and access the beautiful park behind the shop.

Very pricey, but good.
Not worth the price, unless for a special occasion.
I like that they are local, but have not had the greatest service.
Also, the K9 Custard should be on the menu and not just on the sliding glass door when you already order.
Good to check out once, but not often.

Awesome custard.

I was born and raised in Madison WI (currently live in CA) and most of the bad reviews ive read on here about Michaels are from out of towners.
Any true Madisonian knows that Michaels Frozen Custard is the tits.
Its blocks from Camp Randall and downtown Madison, theres tons of shops in the immediate vicinity and Vilas Park is literally right behind the store so its almost impossible to be in the area and NOT enjoy the custard or the food on any given day.
Its custard people, lighten up and as far as im concerned its equal to if not better than Culvers.
Plenty of options and toppings to satisfy whatever taste you may have and the sundaes are awesome as well.
And dont complain about the food, they specialize in ice cream and still the burgers are pretty damn good, a little greasy (and i do mean a little) but thats what makes them so delicious especially with fries/onion rings and a chocolate malt on the side.
Ive been looking in CA for a good burger/shake joint and so far Michaels blows them all out of the water.
Not to mention the cheese curds are great too.
They arent claiming to be a gormet custard joint by any means...it is what it is (ice cream, burgers and hot dogs...cant get any better in my opinion) and its still excellent, simple and delicious.
Michaels is a Madison staple that hasnt changed for as long as i can remember (im 22) and thats what makes it great, they still have the trademark red and white umbrellas out front and the inside was remodeled while the exterior has kept its nostalgia.
Take Michaels for what it is, a local staple that has good custard and good food in a nice area...thats really all that needs to be said.

Michael's is my favorite dessert-type stop in Madison.
You see ice cream, gelato, sorbet, and frozen yogurt all over the place.
But frozen custard is a superior breed of dairy goodness.
I never get tired of Michael's custard.
They offer many mixes and flavors, and each one can quench your cravings.
It's pricier than ice cream, but that's because, again, frozen custard is superior.

So good!
$5.00 for a huge burger with fries and a can of soda.
Can't beat that even at the chains.
These burgers are really good, too!

Michael's has good custard however the customer service is extremely lacking (at the Whitney Way store anyway).
I had such a bad experience that I will never go back.
And, since this is Madison with other great custard choices (like Culver's), I know I won't be missing anything.

Love this place.
He has multiple locations around madison and Monona.... give him your business.
You will be coming back for more!
Pumpkin shakes for fall are delicious!

My nephew who lives in Madison LOVES this place so we keep going but I have to say that other than sitting outside, I don't get the appeal.
The flavor options are incredibly boring- every time we go there it's just chocolate and vanilla and then a "guest" flavor (on Monday it was Espresso).
The people who work there are not very friendly or welcoming and generally don't have a grasp of the English language.
On top of it, I'm not at all clear what kind of ingredients are being used.
If my raspberry shake was in any way natural, I'd be surprised.
There were no seeds at all (usually a good sign of authenticity) and it tasted a bit chemical.
Is the milk hormone-free?
I don't know.
That said, it's a cute little place that attracts people of all ages and on this most recent visit, we learned about K-9 Custard, which our dog absolutely devoured (it's $2.75, so make sure yours is hungry!).
Anyway, I wish I could give more stars but I have to be truthful- I have had much tastier and interesting ice cream/gelato experiences than this custard stand offers.

This review is limited to our experience getting custard here as we got no other food.
The place is a good, typical old frozen custard shack as seen in this region, the custard we had was certainly good but, aside from being limited in flavours it lacked in character and especially texture when compared to all other custard places I've been to like Leon's in Milwaukee, Ted Drewes in St. Louis, or Culver's.
I  particularly put strong emphasis on texture when judging my ice cream or frozen custard and this custard seemed to have a weaker, less creamy texture that was less like what I expect frozen custard to be like.
That said, it was still enjoyable, perhaps because I inherently love frozen custard.
Service also seemed a bit cold and unhelpful, but not actually bad.

I was looking for frozen yogurt, but tired of driving so my husband and I stopped here for something sweet.
What we ordered turned out to be REALLY sweet!
I'm not sure what my husband ordered, but it was blue.
It tasted good, but he had a hard time finishing the whole thing.
I had a regular ole sundae with hot fudge and frozen custard.
Again, really sweet!
I think next time I will stick to a regular cone and keep it simple...or actually find a froyo place :)

This might be the best use of fat since the invention of bacon.

This was our first visit.
It was overpriced,  understaffed and the tables outside were sticky.

Try to get the custard right as it's coming out of the machines.
Get the vanilla.
Plain.
With maybe a few pecans or cashews.
I worked there in high school and gained 10 pounds per month drinking sprinkles on rainy days with my buddy Jessie in the walk in cooler.
You're welcome.

Simple yet delicious burgers.

I think they might have run out of salt while I was there.
Both the burger and the fries were terribly under seasoned and bland.
Certainly not worth the $6 that I paid.
Also my malt didn't have nearly enough malt powder in it, but that may just be a matter of personal preference.
Other than that, the burger had a really great sear, with lots of crispy bits, and the old-timey theme was cute.
I think my boyfriend and I might return just to try the custard, but doubt we will be getting any more food.

I don't know why I came back to try it again, but I was extremely disappointed with Michael's custard.
The flavor wasn't as good as Culver's or even your basic Ben and Jerry's, and they don't even have real cookie dough.
The prices are also incredibly expensive for the quality/quantity.
I didn't enjoy it, and would recommend you go elsewhere for frozen custard.

Just happened to be walking down the street and stopped for a frozen custard.
It was okay, portion size was good, just nothing amazing about it.

I could give them a five star for taste, but the price is just terrible.
Their frozen yogurt is just so good.
Sometimes their burgers are on the dry side.
They definitely have the best fried cheese curds around.
Any time I have a craving this is the place I go to.

