Good "Mexican" food.
Fast.
Cheap.
A great place for lunch or a quick dinner.
The breakfast, though tasty, has a pretty small menu.

This restaurant is a staple for the Madison west-siders.
It's nestled among all the cute-ass shops on Monroe, reasonably priced, and extremely tasty.
The annoying things about it are the stupid flags for crossing the street outside and the fact that my cell phone mysteriously doesn't get reception in the place.
However, the chili cheese dip and speedy service far make up for it.

Even though this isn't the most authentic mexican food, it's still my favorite in Madison.
It's fast and cheap, and pretty flavorful.
I really like their tamales.
My only problem with it is, for some reason, it's always cold in there, and my food is always a tad on the cool side.
I miss the Atwood Ave. location, and hate hate hate the new hilldale location.
The atmosphere there is hideous, and mcdonalds-y, even though it's sit-down.

We have been to Pasquale's 3 times in 10 days.
First time I had the fajitas burrito and it was fantastic, Second time I got the tostado.Which was ok., yesterday We went back to have lunch and I got the fajitas burrito again hoping it would be just as good.
It was ok Overfilled, onions weren't cooked enough as were the pepper's , Needed to be recognizes more.
Granted they were busy and training new people so that pay have been a problem.
We will definitely  come back.
Don't overlook the regulars

Delicious, fresh, simple Tex-Mex, Mexican food.
Don't confuse this kind of Tex-Mex with Pedros -- think a fresher mom & pop Qdoba.
The brunch is DELICIOUS I dream about the guacamole.
Definitely worth checking out if you're in the neighborhood.

Ah, Pasqual's.
This is THE place where my best girlies and I go for our weeknight, post-school decompression sessions.
Why?
Well, the food is pretty good (fresher ingredients and less greasy than most of the Mexican restaurants in Madison), and the margaritas are dangerously strong and yummy.
The service is fast, and if you order a basket of chips and queso, they'll perfectly tide you over while you wait for your entree to arrive.
The Monroe Street location of Pasqual's also has a great atmosphere (that, in my opinion, is not replicated in the Hilldale location).
Noisy and social, with a nice combination of small, two- or four-person tables and bigger communal tables.
It just feels like a friendly, neighborhood place.
And the din in the main dining room has always been great enough to drown out any loud shrieks of laughter or shock that emanate from my own table as we relive the pleasures and horrors of scholarship at UW.

solid tex mex faire.
nothing too fancy, just decent food at a reasonable price.
though, i will give an little extra credit for a fantastic salsa.
it has a mild grilled veggie flavor to it that compliments their food really well.
i can't say much for the dining experience since we opted for take-out to watch a movie at home, but it seems like everyone there was pretty pleased and the staff seemed on-top of things well we waited for our order.
next time i'm passing through town, i may just stop in for the whole experience.

Delicious Tex-Mex on a fun street.
Right next to a lovely park along Lake wingra.

I've been going to Pasqual's for the past 15+ years.
First the one on Monroe, then they briefly had one on University Dr. in Middleton, and I have also eaten at the one in Verona, the old one on Atwood, and the one in Hilldale.
Growing up, we went to Pasqual's as a family every Friday for dinner.
I even worked at Pasqual's when I was 14.
Worked there a day, then they realized I was 14 and underage to work there, so I was let go.
My point is, I know Pasqual's really well.
It's delicious Tex-mex.
It's not trying to be Mexican, and it isn't.
The ingredients are fresh, it's not greasy, very quality food at very cheap prices.
Some of my favorites: chicken enchiladas with red sauce.
I have had the green sauce and the mole, and the red is still my favorite.
Get it will blue corn tortilla.
I usually order the "single dinner" and get it with black beans and pinto beans, no rice.
It's a big serving of food, and if I can't stop eating it and finish the whole plate, I'm in major pain.
I also enjoy the Jerk Chicken burrito (a la carte, the burritos are huge).
The taco salad is decent, not super amazing, and the nachos do not hit the spot like nachos should.
Get a basket of chips w/ salsa and guac when you first order.
Your dinner will be ready before you even finish the chips.
The salsas are so good, and you can buy them at Woodman's..
The margs are amazing: not too sweet, not too sour, and very strong.
Pasqual's is very casual, kinda laid-back, very "Madison.
"  Every time I'm in town, I always go back!

"If you were falling, then I would catch you.
You need a light, I'd find a match.
Cuz I love the way you say good morning.
And you take me the way I am..."  This perfect little song was playing in Pasqual's as I walked in for the first time about two months ago on a Wednesday afternoon.
I had just received some really, really good news from my doctor and although everyone else was at work, I had to celebrate.
Margaritas at noon?
Why not?
The woman at the counter was extremely helpful and friendly as I perused the menu to find the best celebratory lunch.
A chronic un-decider, I finally settled on two enchiladas: one chicken, one beef, one with red chile and one with green chile.
Done and done!
"If you are chilly, here take my sweater.
Your head is aching, I'll make it better.
Cuz I love the way you call me baby.
And you take me the way I am..."  I found a great spot by the window, surrounded by healthy succulents and cacti, a howling coyote sculpture and an armadillo carving.
I waited patiently with my pink plastic mum--this notifies the food runners where to deliver the orders.
The margarita was completely fresh and well-balanced.
Somehow, in my cozy lunch euphoria, I devoured the whole plate of enchiladas with beans and rice.
I finally had my appetite back, and what a great place to replenish my food credits!
Thanks Pasqual's!
You fed my heart AND my belly.

Ugggh.
That should be enough for this review but I'll explain a little more.
This place just sucks.
The food is mediocre and I'd rather eat taco bell for the price.
Why does everyone go gah gah over crappy texmex?
Oh it must be the margaritas, cause alcohol makes every taste perfect.
I will never waste another night trying to stomach this crap.

Fast, reasonably priced.
Not particularly stand out.
You should really just go to Taqueria Guadelajara, but barring that...
Bottles of Sprecher's available for purchase (usually get a cream soda).
My friends like their margaritas, Their rice and bean sides don't really do it for me, but if friends want to go I know I'll always enjoy a half order of the nachos  (which is plenty for me) with red chili pork.

Met my bf and his parents at Pascuale's for dinner on Friday evening.
If you're not from Madison and have never been to Pascuale's before, the lack of signage indicating if you should hop a sit at an available table or wait in line-should you encounter one, was a little confusing.
Despite the 2 minute aimless walk-around while we figured it out, we took a seat and then went up to the counter to order our food.
The delivery was prompt, with each entrée enclosed and delivered with a cover to ensure the arrival of warm food.
I ordered the chicken fajita taco dinner which was good, but not worth elaborating on.
How can you mess up a chicken dish anyways????
To wash it all down, I had one of their "known-for" margaritas, but may I suggest to anyone or everyone else, please deviate from the orange-flavored margarita.
Orange flavor needs to stick with cough drops and screwdrivers.
When it's all said and done, go outside, step to the crosswalk and participate in the crosswalk flag system and cross on over the Michaels's Frozen Custard for a root beer float.

Ahhh, this brings back memories or walking down to lunch from High School.
We swung into Pasquals for lunch and while it was not as good as I remembered it was still delicious.
I got the good old Taco Dinner with shredded beef and I love shredded beef taco especially at Pasquals.
Honestly, I cannot say anything bad about our lunch at Pasquals except it was good food (still not he best but very good).
I also loved the Nachos that had mass amounts of cheese melted to perfection.
When you get Nachos and do not have naked chips left over is always a plus.

I'm a fan!
I had the fish tacos.
He had two enchiladas.
Delicious entrees and sides.
Too bad I didn't bring my id so I couldn't try the margaritas.
The food was hot and delicious!
We will definitely return.

This place is mediocre at best.
I've been to both locations (Monroe and Hilldale) a combined 3 times and everything I've tried is just.... blahh.
To be fair, I only order burritos.
I've tried a few now and they are just so dang bland.
Tonight's order, a chicken burrito, came with meat, a little quacamole, and some onions.
WTF?
For $7.50 or more, you should be able to get a tasty, properly seasoned burrito.
The best burritos in the world cost about $6-7 at taquerias in the mission district of SF.
I'd rather pay less for a far superior burrito from Chipotle, Qdoba, or even Taco Bell (at least save money).

The food here is decent.
I think it was one of the first places I ate at when I moved to Madison.
If I ever stumble through Wisconsin again, I'll have to give it a try.

As far as Madison's Mexican food scene, this place is pretty good.
The salsa and chips were unremarkable but the Anasazi burrito I ordered was tasty (certainly a step up from the La Bambas and Taco Bells of the world).
My main complaint would be the price, which was a little excessive.
They have more options than a chipotle, but the burrito was fairly similar to Chipotle quality, except that it cost basically two dollars more.
I'm not sure the extra money is worth it if you're just going to order a dry burrito.

I've been a fan of Pasqual's burritos for years, and I always hit this place up when I'm back in town.
The chicken half commuter (half a burrito=perfect lunch size!
) is my staple, and they're always very good about not putting the beans in it like I ask for.
They recently moved to a new location on Monroe which is smaller than the original, but the space is very well-decorated.
Don't waste your time with the yuppified Hilldale version--the Monroe St location is where it's at!

Loved this place!
I am from out of town - here for our son's graduation from UW Madison grad school - and, as a native of New Mexico and a student of Mexican food throughout the US, I can enthusiastically recommend Pascual's.
Nothing fancy, but good nonetheless.
This is a fast food place - think Qdoba or the like - but service, price, and food are all well above average.
Very busy tonight by the way, which seems in opposition to the so- so Yelp ratings.
Try it!

I was so disappointed.
I have loved the Pasqual's at Hilldale Mall for years, but this was a reheated, poor quality, experience.
Had fish tacos and the fish tasted very old.
The rice was reheated and had chunks of old rice in it (c'mon how hard is it to make fresh rice each day?

Back when this place was in Minneapolis, I was a cook there.
We had fresh great recipes and it was "new" - quality mexican food before Qdoba's and all the big chains were around.
The food was fresh, lots of good flavor and unique beverages and treats.
Well...Pasqual's ended up in Madison and, it's just as good as I remember from when I worked there.
We go for work lunches.

I'm not a lover of their food, but the neighborhood location and two-for-one margaritas make up for it.
Sort of.
They have two good things on their menu, IMO: the nachos and one of their beef burritos.
All in all, I'd rather drive a little further and get some authentic Mexican from Laredo's at half the price.

Pasqual's is an all-around average experience that will disappoint only in regards to the fact that it resoundingly fails to impress on any level.
I am not a fan of their tacos or burritos, but nothing I have had here could be described as "bad.
" The ultra-Americanized unoriginality of Pasqual's Mexican food is rivaled only by The Taco Shop.
I keeep coming back to it because the nachos are really where it's at.
They're incredibly crunchy and flavorful with a decent seasoning, reminding me of the now-forgotten tortilla chip kings of Taco Heaven.
Heaping portions of cheese, beans/meat, and veggies make this dish into a paragon of Mexican fast food.

Had lunch on 2/17/12.
Was one of the best experiences in a while.
The new location is very nice, plenty of seating.
Service was quick and very good.
We ordered a veggie taco, nachos, and a beef enchilada.
Good portions, well made, and hot.
The ingredients was fresh not from a bag.
The black beans were cooked and not spooned out of a can, like so many restaurants.
All three choices were well done.
We will be back again soon!

Good food.
Good service.
chicken quesadilla  is made very well.
One of the best I've had.
Chicken was moist, not dry.
Tortilla was unique, crispy and flaky.
Tasted really good.

Awful.
Ordered enchiladas.
Tortillas not properly prepared.
Bland, dry filling.
Sauce lacked seasoning and good flavor.
What a sad enchilada sauce.
Beans were bland and should have been refritos, but were not.
Cardboard seems more appealing.

So sad to rate Pasqual's this low...but you get two stars for proximity to our house and 1/2 priced margaritas.
While adding table service is quite nice and convenient with the kids, the service and quality have not improved as it should with a sit-down restaurant.
The food continues to be pretty inconsistent and is most noticed in your soups.
One day it's thick like stew and the next it's watered down.
Yes, I order it enough to notice.
Please stop serving "old" looking guacamole in the plastic cups!
In fact, get rid of the plastic cups for the salsa too.
Looks tacky at a sit-down place.
Also, bringing our food out on plates with hospital cafeteria covers does not whet my appetite.
I'm left wondering, how long has my food been sitting around steaming while we're chowing down on chips/salsa and ordering our second margarita.
Lastly, how can you possibly charge $1 more on kids meal for ordering fries!
You hardly give the kids any food as it is!
We never even get offered the kids drink that supposedly comes along with the meal.
Seriously, I'm starting to feel ripped off!
Final test, does management from Pasqual's even read their reviews?

I travel frequently for office work and I like to try local restaurants as much as I can.
Was driving around monroe street and got into this one for dinner.
Thanks to the catchy sign board.
It has a typical but nice ambience of mexican bar.
I was accompanied by my Boss who is Belgian and likes mexican cuisine.
Were served by a cute and helpful girl.
A bit disappointment on food taste.
My plate looked really nice but did not taste very well.
Drinks were really nice though.
One of the best Shangria I ever had!

The main thing that needs to be said: this place naming itself after the famous Pasqual's cafe in Santa Fe is a hideous joke, and probably legally actionable.
The food at these two Madison stores is bland, dry and generic, and does not even vaguely resemble even the most mediocre New Mexican food available in NM and CO, not only in quality and taste, but in basic style.
In fact, the green chile burritos wrapped in foil in the hot cases at virtually any convenience store down there are a large cut above this.
It's hard to call this food even a poor imitation of New Mexican food in general, much less the world-renowned creations of the chef at the real Pasqual's.
Boo!
If you even remotely like this, or any other so-called Mexican food available in Madison, do yourself a favor and buy a cheap plane ticket to Albuquerque... you may not even make the return trip.

Dunno what people are beefing about.Best SW Mex food in town, tasty,delicious guacamole, wonderful extra-hot salsa, and a variety of meat and veggie dishes--and a more than ample dinner for two for twenty bucks--a great food buy.
Service was pleasant and efficient, nice atmosphere.
Definitely recommend if you're around the Monroe St. area.

Okay, it's all good...not the best but not the worst.
I've lived in California, so I'm going to take this moment to be a snobby baby about my Mexican food.
The tortillas are good!
Also, try the blue corn pancakes with pine nuts and orange syrup!!
Great ambiance, bring your kids.

We like Mexican food - most of it is vegan and we both like that, so we thought we'd try something new and do Pasqual's on Monroe.
Very disappointed!
First of all, the place was not even half full on a busy restaurant night, not a good sign.
The bathroom was disgusting - the toilet seat was actually sticky - yuck!
and messy - like I said in other reviews - if the bathroom isn't clean, you can bet the kitchen isn't either.
There was a loud bunch of drunk college kids at one end and loud music so the noise level was way uncomfortable.
The salsa/chips were good and food OK, but I had an upset tummy the next day.
Service was adequate.
I noticed lots of moms/dads/kids in there also.
The decor was nice.
But we'd never go back and would not recommend it.
The one good thing was it was cheap

Love the margaritas.
The food is very inconsistent.
Several times when I ordered the chicken fajita burrito, there was barely any chicken.
Very disappointing.
The Monroe Street location used to have a huge problem with consistency of the food at the old location, but cleaned up their act at some point.
It seems that the same problem is back now.
The prices have gone up a lot in recent years.
Not much of a value for the food that is served.
A dinner for two with margaritas will top out around $50.
Seems a bit high for average tex-mex.
I hope Pasqual's can step it up a bit.
It's a nice tradition for the Monroe St. neighborhood.
Would hate to see it disappear!

We met some very old friends at this restaurant a few weeks ago for lunch and had such a wonderful time - staying for well over 2 hours - never feeling rushed or pressured to leave.
The food was ridiculously good and so well priced.
Our server, Mark, was all smiles, friendly, and exceptionally attentive.
The decor and atmosphere was so authentic and relaxing we did not want to leave.
After arriving home to Chicago, we realized we left a very special gift on the table.
When I contacted the Pasqual's, Benjamin Roberts was quick to assure me that they had the gift I left behind, and Mark  very carefully wrapped it up and mailed it to me.
I really felt that these guys have a "we care about our customers" attitude.
Our son is a Freshman at UW Madison so we will certainly be back!
Can't say enough about how good the food, service and value is at this outstanding restaurant.

Tried the location at Hilldale awhile ago, way better than this place.
Came in on a Sunday for brunch, started off ordering a bloody mary which had to be made with their garlic infused tequila because they were out of vodka (what?).
The menu described the $8 drink as garnished with lots of toppings, when I got it, it had a lemon and lime.
I took one sip and discovered tequila is not meant for bloodies, so I asked for a coke in return.
We were told we wouldn't be charged for the bloody, but once the check came and the $8 for it was still included, our server told us it couldn't be removed from the bill because it had been made, but to take it off of his tip (again, what?).
Food was decent, but my order was messed up and I was already feeling too needy to have it sent back.
Also a bit pricey - chips and salsa aren't included with meals.
I would not go back to this location.

While I prefer the Monroe Pasqual's to the one at Hilldale, it's still just OK.   Maybe it's irrational but I just can't get over having to pay for chips and salsa, especially when the salsa comes in a tiny to-go container.
I mean if I have to pay $3 for what is normally free, it should at least come in a decorative bowl, right?
The burritos were all right.
I got the commuter so I could try two smaller burritos (they were still huge).
I'd recommend getting the "cowboy" burrito so you can get some chili sauce on top.
It gives the somewhat bland food a bit of a kick.
I agree with some of the other reviewers that counter service would be a better value here than table service.
I'm not sure we'll go back - but it was worth trying.

Not my cup of tea.
I got the guacamole burrito, which, albeit is probably not their specialty, was a wrap with lettuce, tomatoes, and gobs of guac.
I'm an avocado fiend but this was sorta the pits (see what I did there?).
Not big on flavor.

The only good thing about this dining experience was the actual taco.
The rest of the food was blah, including my cocktail (beans, rice, chips, dip) The restaurant wasn't full, but was so loud that it was hard to have a conversation.
Our waiter wasn't very friendly or forthcoming with service (we had to ask for water and then leave the money on the table because he was busy talking to coworkers) I picked Pasqual's because it seems to be a favorite of a lot of Madisonians but I can't figure out why.
I wouldn't recommend it!

I'm not one to write reviews, I figure if I frequent enough it should always be the same or maybe better, not in this case.
I have been to both Hilldale and Monroe many times and usually always have the Huevos Racheros, and every time I get the same response to my asking for poached eggs, "we don't make poached eggs here.
"     I don't have a problem if it's not listed on the menu * eggs made the way you like them*  Now, it's usually a hit or miss depending on the server, but this time just rubbed me the wrong way, and the way our server said, well you may have gotten them at another location but we don't serve poached eggs, we only have a grill here.
"  What, a kitchen doesn't have pots for boiling water?
The food was great, service was lousy, and inconsistent, and if you put a statement on your menu ALL your locations should follow suit.

Here I am, sitting at a table with my buddy at this location, writing this review because we are bored.
It is 6p on Sunday, and this is the worst service that we've had in a long time!
I only see two waitress in the whole place (one is the bartender), and we need refills.
By the way, they don't have ground beef?
It's now been 1 hour since we ordered, and nothing.
Finally got our food.
Nothing special.
Expected better!
Took forever for our bill.
We won't be coming back anytime soon.

Overall, I really  like Pasqual's.
First of all, my old man and I went to New Mexico on our honeymoon, so anytime I see green and red chile on a menu, I always order it.
It's nostalgic.
:)  I also  like that Pasqual's is laid back, affordable, and makes hella strong margaritas.
(really, they'll knock you on your ass, so be careful)  The Monroe Street location is warm and inviting.
The food is great and I appreciate the option to have smaller portion sizes.
I like that I can get a filling meal for only 7 or 8 bucks.
Combine that with half-price Margaritas on Tuesdays, and you have one happy (and drunk) Elise M.  I don't like that Pasqual's charges for chips and salsa.
It's always bugged me!
I could understand charging after the first basket or something, but the fact that they make you pay when all other Mexican restaurants in town don't, is kind of lame.
Also, some of the items on the menu are bad.
For example, one time I had the black bean soup and it literally tasted like partially blended canned black beans.
No flavor.
Lacked salt.
Gross.
Another time, I had something with pulled pork that I didn't really like.
However, most times I think the food is pretty tasty and it seems fresher than the fare most other Mexican joints in town.
My go-to order at the Monroe Street branch is the chicken tamale with green chile sauce.
I get the black beans and rice on the side.
It's nummy!
NOTE: I've been to the Hilldale location 10 plus times in the past 5 years, but I never **really** liked Pasqual's until I tried the Monroe St. location only recently.
The Hilldale one is loud and echos a lot.
It always feels cold, and I seriously think the food is not as good.
I actually used to somewhat dislike Pasqual's until I went to the Monroe St one.
So, if you've only been to Hilldale and not been impressed, then give Monroe St. a try before writing it off completely.

Been a fan of Pasqual's for almost 20 years.
I last ate here when they were still across the street from Michael's up the way.
It's nice to see the food hasn't lost a step and is still a lighter and fresher take on American Mexican fare.
I miss the free parking, the slightly more cozy atmosphere, the ala carte options, and the more price-friendly counter service of the old place, but I'm glad the basics are still in place at the new location.
Hopefully they'll continue to keep me as a fan for the next 20 years.

