I have been visiting Nini's for over two years now, and they never disappoint.
They provide awesome, friendly service in a clean, relaxing atmosphere despite an unfortunate location.
They always make time for me and are great with my daughter - who they've pretty much known since before she was born!
Their prices are very reasonable - and you get alot for your money.
The few times I've ventured to try another nail salon in Madison, I've been universally disappointed.
Nini's is really top-notch!

If you want beautiful hands and feet, stop on in and ask for Nini or Tracey!
These ladies are SO talented and friendly.
You will have more pep in your step when you leave knowing that you look FABULOUS.
I can't recommend them enough.

They do a nice job, but need more staff.
My manicure was constantly interruped by phone calls.
Looking for another place to go, even though they are nice and do a good job.
The 5 or so phone calls taken during my service was just too much to handle!

The place is nice and clean & staff are friendly.
I went with a friend and we both had a spa pedicure.
The foot/leg massage was good.
The massage chair was also nice.
However, we both had issues with the completed pedicures.
They missed painting the corner of one of my toes.
My friend wound up with loose skin on the bottom of her foot which wasn't removed.
We had to go back to have the problems solved.
Who has time for that?
They were nice about taking care of it, but meh.

A group of 5 of us made appointments for a Friday afternoon (made 2 months in advance), as we were in town for a wedding.
We walked in, told them we had an appointment, and they told 3 of us to sit down and wait, as there were only 2 employees free to start pedicures.
How odd, considering the sign at the register says they work "by appointment only.
"  About 5 minutes after we walked in, another woman found herself in the same boat: with an appointment and nobody free to do her nails.
They got us all going eventually, but unfortunately it wasn't really worth the wait.
I've had far better manicures.
I already had hangnails two days later, and the gel polish started peeling from the edges within 2 days as well.
Maybe I'm spoiled by manicurists in Beverly Hills.
Who knows.
But I would definitely look elsewhere in the Madison area.
About their only saving grace were the free cookies and drinks, which was a nice touch (and possibly necessary to entertain the masses whose appointments are never seemingly honored).

Attentive, friendly and not expensive, a great combination!

Really bad service.
The guy who did my pedicure didn't file or buff my nails at all and then put the nailpolish on my bare nails- no clear coat first.
It was inexpensive, but my nails looked worse after I walked out of there.
Not going back :-/ !

I'm really disappointed with the manicure I got today.
The artist was hasty and I felt as though she was rushing to get me out of her chair as fast as possible.
I felt this way at first during the pre-paint processes, as the artist spent less than 5 minutes sculpting the nail and cuticle, but I have her the benefit of the doubt and let it go.
In retrospect, I wish I would have said something about my preferences right away.
I usually and excitedly choose Essie polish when I go to a salon because I find it's difficult for me to paint on evenly.
Until today, I've always been very pleased and impressed with the way past manicurists have been able to apply the polish.
Today - and granted, it could have been this particular polish - the woman finished the first coat with tons of streaks but assured me a second coat would take care of it.
The second coat looked just as bad, and the polished clumped and bubbled.
She began to start a third coat when I asked to switch the polish to assure that I wouldn't have peeling nails in a matter of hours.
The woman did this graciously, and I know she was frustrated by my timely request but was nice about it - something I appreciate.
But the second round of paint was just as rushed.
The edges are uneven, the paint has bubbled and is all over my cuticles.
I'm bummed, especially because I've been to this salon before and had a good experience.
Plus, I just graduated from college and am as broke as ever but still always generously tip....I'm not sure if I will go back anytime soon, but would be willing to give it another chance.

Don't waste your money here.
They have horrible customer service.
I had made an appointment for 2 people for 2pm and when we got there had to wait more than 20 minutes for the 1st person in our group to get called and they didn't call me till an hour later.
What is the point of making an appointment.
Also they didn't even seem to care that I had made an appointment.
They have a very limited nail color selection.
I guess what can you expect from a cheap nail salon in a strip mail.

Nini always takes good care of me !

Really bad place in madison !
I went there for a gel french shellac white tip pedicure & manicure for my upcomming wedding .
The owner , her name is Nini , took me in a pedicure chair which was in a mess with some dirt & a pedicure soaking bowl water not clean up enought from previous customer .
She did my pedicure too fast because she has another appointment  and transfered me to a different lady for my manicure .
A younger lady , her name is Tracey , took me in her manicure table .
She did my manicure too fast same way like Nini in order to kick out me out her table as soon as possible , without shaping and cutting my cuticle enought .They did a horrible jobs on my pedicure and manicure and both french tip shellac on my nails and on my toes go off a couple day later before my wedding .
I paid them $70 with $10 tip .
But I will never & never come back to Nininails & Spa again .
I would not recommend this place to anyone in Madison .
AVOID THIS PLACE

