Let me tell you a tale of woe and redemption.
A woman tender to my heart gifted me a pair of screenprints (http://www.thesmallstakes.com/) as a celebration of our future cohabitation.
Being of high quality and sentiment, we agreed that these decorations should be properly framed and hung upon our living together.
The storm clouds gathered.
What torment to decide between mattes and frames and quality of glass!
Who knew that variations in cost could sunder such a pleasant Saturday afternoon!
Our hopes of finding an equitable solution were being dashed against the rocks of local frame shops.
Yet through this storm emerged a hero as if foretold in legend.
Though his name is forgotten in the turbulent events of the day, the proprietor of Monroe Street Framing took us in, comforted us, and guided us through the selection trials with our concerns on his sleeve.
Let him be remembered in this post; provider of quality framing and counselor of quibbling couples.
P.S.
Kate and I have been watching too much Deadwood.
Cocksucker.

These guys demonstrate the benefits of going with small businesses.
When I come in they're friendly with me, they remember artwork I've done with them in the past, they don't try to over-sell me their work, and they want to be sure I'm satisfied.
I can't say enough.

I came here recently to have a large, old map framed for a dear friend, as a house warming guest.
The service was very friendly, accommodating, and professional.
I am very excited about the framing options presented and what it will look like.
It was also very nice to get a "second opinion" on the choices from another employee.
Will update once I get the frame and share results of the full experience.

After reading the positive reviews listed here we called Monroe Street Framing looking for assistance in mounting a .
Initially I spoke with Jeremy who lived up to everything that the reviews indicated the staff with Monroe Street Framing would be.
He was knowledgeable, pleasant and extremely helpful.
Our experience with Jeremy was everything that we would have expected from the reviews.
Jeremy helped us to come up with a solution to wall mount a small hand-made quilt.
The agreement was that we would pay for and pick up the foam core two weeks later (we were leaving for a trip).
Upon returning from our trip I again called the shop and spoke with a woman who was unable to find our order and insisted that they did not take the order and would not have been able to fill such an order.
I called again and spoke with the owner Dave.
I explained what had happened and initially he was pleasant and again helpful.
He confirmed that they would in fact be able to provide a piece of foam core in the size that we had requested.
When he realized that all we had ordered was the foam core his attitude became extremely negative and hostile and his willingness to work with us was non-existent.
He explained that they were a "full service" framing shop and that there was no financial benefit for them to sell us the foam core and he was unwilling to do so.
I tried to explain that we had been told that this was an option per Jeremy.
Dave responded, "I don't know what he told you, but I am the boss and I am not going to do this...try finding it on on-line if you can.
Good luck.
"   We were very disappointed with his response and attitude.
While we may have only been looking for a piece of foam core this time, "owner" Dave seems to have missed the point of customer service and the benefit of a return customer.
We will never consider going back to Monroe Street Framing for any other project, nor will we recommend the shop to friends and family.
It seems clear from the treatment that we received from Dave that they do not feel the need to encourage new business.
Apparently our business was beneath them.
We wish them luck.
Within 15 minutes of talking to Dave I called a local sign company, Budget Signs, who agreed to sell us a piece of foam core immediately.
No waiting, no hassle and no dismissive, negative attitude.
Thank you Budget Signs!

