I did not enjoy my shopping experience at this Office Depot.
I had some specific shipping supplies that I was looking for, and the employees seemed extremely unenthusiastic to help me find them.
After wandering around for a long time unsuccessfully looking for my items, I put what I had found back on the shelf and drove to Staples, where I found the same items for half the price and much friendlier service to boot.

Another office supplies store... What to say because frankly, they are all the same.
I hate to say that but they pretty much are.
Similar layout, similar products, similar prices.
As a matter of fact some products are identical to the others but with different branding but I think the same Chinese factory makes the same product for all the companies.
I digress...
This particular location is seated well between West Towne Wall but closer the West Gate Mall.
They have the standard thingamabobs and doodads for all your office needs at, in my opinion, probably the cheapest in the city.
They actually have a little bigger selection than their competitors but I think that is based on sheer age of the company.
Office Depot has been around since I can remember and was ALWAYS the first stop for school supplies.
So, the company has been around forever and they have the cheapest prices in town you say?
So Colin, why only 3 stars then?!
WELL ILL TELL YA... (dramatic effect) I give a three star rating for essentially one reason.
Lack Of Change.
This Office Depot hasn't changed since I was a wee-little-lad back in first grade.
I just don't understand how a company expects to move forward if they are not willing to Market themselves.
I have not seen any advertisements or bilboards for Office Depot in a very long time and can't imagine they're doing very well.
I know that it might seem that that would reflect more on the company as a whole than a particular store but why isn't that store pushing harder to market themselves?
As most of my friends and readers on Yelp will realize about me that I enjoy the future very much and where we are going.
Not particularly where we have been.
In some situation its good to remain where you are and that's the spirit and charm of some places.
Not however, for a company that sells technology products and business related items.
The store itself?
Clean, organized, staff is excellent, but a little crowded entry way.

My friend and I visited Office Depot on South Whitney Way on Saturday, August 24, 2013 between 8:15 and 8:30 pm.
We had barely walked through the doorway when a white-haired male employee in his 50s or 60s working the checkout line angrily addressed my friend with a scowl on his face, "Can I help you find something!
"  When my non-Caucasian friend politely replied, "No thanks, I'm just looking.
"  The same store employee then made a show of pulling his arm out in front of him to look at his watch and barked at my friend, "Are you looking for something?!
"  My friend replied that he wasn't sure what he was looking for and we continued walking into the store.
As we began browsing the electronics my friend and I began discussing how rude the store employee had been.
His manner toward us gave me the distinct feeling that we were not welcome in the store.
I have never, in my entire life, been treated so horribly by a store employee as we were that Saturday night.
My friend was very bothered by the employee's behavior, but I knew he wouldn't say anything.
We decided not to purchase anything from the store after we were made to feel so unwelcome.
On our way out of the store I stopped a female African American employee who was stationed at another checkout line and asked her the name of the white-haired male employee working the other checkout lane.
I shared with her the way the man had treated me and my friend.
Another male employee who was nearby informed us that the employee in question was 'John'.
I explained to this male employee what had happened and told him I was very upset by his behavior and asked if I could report it to the store manager.
The man with whom I was speaking told me he, himself, was the store manager and said he would talk with the employee in question.
I did not get the impression from this 'manager' that he took our complaint seriously.
I don't recall him apologizing for John's behavior...it's possible he may have, but if so, it was very weak.
The femal employee told us she hoped we would come back to visit the store another time.
After leaving the store I became more upset as I realized what so many people of color experience on a frequent, if not daily, basis...racism.
I will never patronize that store again.
Nothing short of 'John' being fired would satisfy me.
He has absolutely no business working in a customer-service capacity as he is obviously unable to relate to anyone not of his ethnic background.

