Decent chimichangas and good margaritas.
Honestly, I probably wouldn't remember Casa de Lara enough to warrant a review if it weren't for the spiders.
It was a warm September night and we ate on the back deck, where a surprisingly large spider population clung to the nearby building wall.
They weren't close to us or threatening, just there.

Good Mexican, lives up to the other family restaurants (State Street, others in Milwaukee).
They have some of my favorite chips and salsa.
Burritos are good.

Point of clarification regarding Jen's review, Casa Del Sol (as it is now known) has no legal ties, nor has it ever, to the Casa De Lara downtown.
It's likely the decision to change names had a lot to do with this fact, although I'm not certain.
I'm a big fan of authentic Mexican cuisine, and for the price, this place was outstanding.
We were started off with a small basket of spicy tortilla chips and an authentic salsa with just enough kick to let us know the kitchen here doesn't fool around and won't be placating weak gringo palates.
Along with our drink order, we took an order of guacamole, served in the traditional stone bowl.
DAMN!
that was good!
It had a perfect texture, not excessively blended nor impossibly chunky, and a fresh flavor that I wanted to savor as long as I could.
I ordered the Carne Asada a la Tampiqueña, but I could have ordered literally anything on the menu and have been just as satisfied.
We came on a Friday night and were sat immediately.
This place is a sleeper.
By that I mean, you'd never know the food was as good as it is judging by the dinning room furniture.
This food is easily of high enough caliber to be served at a far more expensive joint.
It's not an ugly or horribly cheap dining room, although the atmosphere may be holding there success back a bit.
To get that coveted 5th star, I suggest replacing the metal (yet, comfortably upholstered) chairs and matching tables, with handcrafted wooden furniture.
Anything to separate this experience from La Hacienda's cafeteria-esque appearance will be a step in the right direction.
The only (minor) complaint I have is that when I ordered a Negro Modelo, I got a Dos Equis Amber... our conversation was so engaging, I didn't notice until it was time to go.

I'm so glad that a friend of mine chose this for our "double date" night.
I've driven past here several times, and never thought to try it.
I wasn't crazy about the chips here, but LOVED the spicy pickled carrot slices that came atop them!
My dish was fabulous.
I ordered the Fajitas Cozumel, made with shrimp and tilapia, this dish is fresh and fabulous.
Not to mention HUGE, I took home almost half!
Next time, We'll definitely go back--hopefully on a day that it's not POURING rain(as it was when we went), because I'd love to sit outside!
So nice.

I LOVE Casa de Lara Fitchburg.
It's better than the downtown Madison location when it comes to service.
They have great margaritas, great food.
My now-husband and I had our first date here and it was a regular stop while we lived in Madison.
Grab dinner and then go to the nearby Star Cinema for a movie - it's a great Friday or Saturday date night!

The fajitas are the bomb!
Great chips and salsa too.

Ate here for lunch with my mom just last week.
I got the sirloin steak with peppers and onions and 2 eggs.
Come with guacamole salad, refried beans and mexican rice.
Servings were ample, service was quick, food was very good with a nice kick to it.
Salsa they use taste fresh and spicy, just how I like it.
Mom got the chicken burrito with rice and beans and salad.
I finished half her burrito which surprisingly had only chicken and cheese.
No fillers with rice and beans like most places.
Not sure the refried beans ate fresh or canned.
I like real refried beans much more then the canned crap with lard added.
Overall a very good meal with quick service and a good price to boot.

The chips and salsa were okay.
The chips seem more on the stale side but the salsa was excellent.
Decently priced, our meals came our quickly and the ingredients were freshly cooked to a very hot temp.
The restaurant has a neat atmosphere with a variety of bright colors.
I would come here again for lunch or dinner.

