Good selection of Chinese, Vietnamese, Indian, Filipino, and other Asian ethnic groceries (as well as a Latino section) in this small supermarket.
You can find your durian, noodles, longiniza, coconut juice, and whatever your heart's desires here, including western foods.
There's a large refrigerated aisle of tea, fruit, and soy drinks, butchery, canned and packaged goods, vegetable section, and frozen foods.
Midway is cash-only, so leave your credit card and checks at home.

My go to place for vegetables (when the seasonal markets don't cut it).
Whenever seasonably possible, the produce here is local and fresh.
When it's not seasonably possible, the produce here is hit-or-miss.
The biggest reason for getting produce here -- it is cheap.
While Copp's is asking 80 cents for a lemon, you can count on quarter lemons here.
They carry a large variety of Asian fruits/veggies but also fill in some for the Latino market (plantains, scotch bonnet peppers, etc).
Besides having the obvious ethnic spread (chinese/thai/fillipino/korean), there are also small sections dedicated to foods from Britain (marmite, lucozade), the Caribbean (jerk), Mexico (mole, tortillas), and the Mediterranean (grape leaves).
It's fun just to browse the joint.
The bustle on a Saturday is fun (or borderline overwhelming).
The asian, college, and nearby low-income-housing communities converge on the place.

Compared to all the Asian grocery stores I've been to in larger cities, this definitely has just as wide a selection.
I'll bet you can find all ingredients for any Asian recipe here.
One of my favorite places to go in Madison to get fresh produce (second only to Farmer's Market).
Check out the frozen section especially for wontons.
Fresh deli and bakery items are delivered daily--must try the stuffed steamed buns!

Hmong-maintained sloppily dressed Asian food store.
As soon as you walk in there, you are greeted with the fragrant scent of concentrated piss.
I never hit an Asian food store or any store for that matter with such a scent.
They have adequate products, but their produce section is disgusting and crowded.
Madison has little to choose from with Asian foods, but if your in a rush (the owner will tow your butt in 30 minutes according to their parking lot sign ... yeah, customers too ...
hah!
) and need something frozen or packaged  ... run in, just run out a little quicker.

Asian Midway Foods may not look like much, but it offers a wide selection of Asian groceries, especially for a grocery store in the Midwest.
Sure, it has its drawbacks (crowded, perhaps less-than-spotless interior), but in Madison it can't be beat for convenience and selection.
The owner, who is originally from Hong Kong, is friendly and helpful.
Although they don't take credit cards, they've always taken my personal checks.

I love the prices and selection of Asian snacks i used to grow up with.
It's always exciting to go there and see what's for the week.
The only thing to say about this store is they never clean the darn place.
it smells and filthy inside.
It doesn't look like the place get cleaned very often.
Some of the snacks are left out in the open space and some and sometimes, they don't even have utensils to pick up the items so I have seen people using her hands to get what they want.
This store is very convenient and love the prices and selections but it needs a major make over.
It's shame our Asian grocery stores have to be like this.

Go here to find curry paste, coconut milk, obscure vegetables, and tons of other ingredients that will either be difficult to find in a standard grocery store or much much much cheaper.
The store is difficult to navigate, the cans and bags of food are often dusty and sometimes dented, and the prices are pasted on with those old manual price tags-- but you certainly can't beat the price or selection if you know what you are looking for!

This place is okay as far as Asian grocery stores go- for a town the size of Madison.
Big frozen section and live crabs sometimes.
Too much focus on gen merc items like mops, garbage bags, etc.
Has a very pleasant (read:"authentic") aroma.
Cash only :/

Amazing oriental grocery store in a mid-size town.
If you need that odd ingredient for your oriental recipe, chance are Asian Midway Foods has got it.
This is one of those hole-in-the-wall joints that you drive past daily, but if you don't explore it, you'll have truly missed out.
There's an excellent selection of produce and meat at very reasonable price (cheaper than the chain stores like Cubs or Copps).
Don't like the clutter interior fool you, the veggies and meats are very fresh (and local).

The largest selection of Asian and middle eastern goods in Madison.
Plus, super cheap produce!

The only Asian market in Madison.
Good location 'cos it's right down town.
Good price too.
Re to someone else's review earlier, they accepted credit cards now.
I'm glad that they have a store like this for such a small town like Madison.

I first started frequenting Chinese groceries in the early 90's in Minneapolis, MN, because that's where my Chinese Doctor had his practice.
There are some incredible grocery stores and pharmacies there, and in other large cities.
Compared to those, Asian Midway foods would earn 3 stars from me.
That said, this is Madison.
The store offers a decent selection of Asian foods.
It's in a poorer part of Madison and that is reflected by the clientele and the condition of the store, itself.
But, why are you reading this?
Probably because you need something that only a Chinese grocery would likely be able to offer.
Or, perhaps you are just curious.
You should definitely come here.
I buy teas, treats, and Chinese Medicine here.
The staff have always been friendly and helpful.
You'll get a decent sense of the types of things you'd find at larger, more established stores.
I can't speak much for the actual grocery selection because I haven't done any grocery shopping here.
Will update when I have time to check them out more.

I mistakenly bought a 50lbs sack of sweet rice and found out my mistake only after cooking.
They told me to go to the store, and I even spilled some of the remaining contents there (I'm such a klutz).
To my surprise, I got it exchanged for jasmine rice of the same price without getting charged extra!
Amazing!
they got my business as long as im in Madison.

Straight up legit Asian market!
I knew it was legit the moment I walked in because all legit Asian markets have that same fishy smell with a hint of durian.
MMM SMELLS LIKE HOME TO THIS GUY.
If you can't stand the smell, I can't stand you.
At Midway, I can get everything I need to make pho, find normal-priced coconut water, soy sauce, sriracha, and fish sauce, buy my 50 lb bag of jasmine rice (got that rice cooker on 24/7, yo), and get my Pocky fix.
MMM!
I didn't notice dented canned foods, but if I did, hey, I wouldn't mind because I know my Asian food has to be imported from a galaxy/continent far, far away.
Boo to anyone who doesn't understand that most Asian markets are organized by country product and boo to anyone who thinks that all Asian countries are China and therefore call Asian markets "Chinese groceries.

+1 star for having frozen dumplings.
+1 star for having a wide selection of Asian spices and sauces.
+1 star for having indistinguishable parts of animals that make most people queasy.
+1 star for having real Asian noodles.
+1 star for having Pocky.
Seriously, THEY HAVE POCKY!

This place is absolutely disgusting.
I walked in, nearly threw up from the smell, and walked out.
It smelt like rotting meat.
I will not give money to support such conditions.

It's tiny and dingy, but they sell everything you'd need to make a Thai curry.
Or whatever Asian dish you're trying to make.
Their produce is also a lot cheaper than other grocery stores in the area.
The only downside is their tiny parking lot with the 30 min.
parking.

50 pound bags of rice.
Freshly baked mung bean buns.
Cheap and bizarre produce.
Check it.

I am always in a love-hate relationship with Asian Midway.
On the one hand, I love its convenient central location and cheap prices; on the other hand, it smell!
Yes, it really smells.
The fresh vegetables do not always have the best quality.
I have bought bad vegetables without paying enough attention.
As long as there is no walking distance Asian groceries from UW campus, Asian MIdway will live on.
People just do not have choices.
We need more competition in this area.
If you have a car, I suggest you go to Yue Wah on South Park, Garden Asia (Allen/University), or A-Mart and JP fresh market near west towne mall.
They are all better than Asian Midway in terms of food quality and shopping environment.

They really have a lot of hard-to-find ingredients here that you wouldn't expect a town like Madison to have.
Plenty of hard to find fruit, like durian, jackfruit, rambutan, (and yes even Mangosteen!!!
) Note that it's not the cleanest and most varied market.
I do prefer Yue Wah on those aspects.
But when finding pretty fresh, hard to find produce, Midway's tops.

