This is without a doubt the cleanest, nicest Super 8 motel I've ever stayed at.
Super 8's tend to be sketchy and I tend to avoid them, but this one is an exception.
I have stayed here twice and would recommend it as my place of choice.
The advantages of this place: (1) convenient location--easy access to the downtown, and right off the highway.
Keep in mind though, if you're driving in during rush hour, you will encounter traffic congestion if you take the highway here.
(2) very inexpensive.
It's hard to find a place this nice that's this close to the downtown.
It's also very near the Arboretum.
(3) unusually nice for a super 8.
Clean, spacious rooms, everything in good condition.
(4) Both stays were quiet.
(5) Wireless was reliable.
(6) Staff was friendly.
Really a great all-around motel.
ONE IMPORTANT NOTE: the address of this place is misleading / wrong.
The address is on a limited access freeway--the motel is located between Emil Rd.
and Damon Rd (with the front on Damon--you can also enter the rear of the parking lot from Emil although this would be harder for a first-time visitor to locate).
This confusion can cause a headache if you type the address into a GPS.
Save yourself the trouble and look up directions for Damon road, then you will clearly see the sign while driving here.

This is a pretty nice Super 8 but it isn't anything spectacular.
They have a nice pool and it is clean.
It is easy to get to and restaurants are near by.
I am rating this in relationship to all motels not just discount motels.
If compared with just discount motels it is close to a 5 star.

Nice lodging.
They change the towels every day, and put a new shower soap and shampoo every day too.

Cleanest and nicest Super 8 I've visited.
Continental breakfast was mediocre at the best.
5 stars for breakfast improvement.

Hotel Review 5 stars for clean, safe, hotel with free breakfast.
This is a great location right off of downtown and the staff is super friendly.
Check-in was quick.
The rooms themselves are super clean and spacious.
TV with cable + HBO.
The other amenities include free WIFI (you get a code from the front desk when you check in), coffee, and pool.
No problems with noise or difficulty sleeping.
In the AM, free continental breakfast with hot waffles (delicious batter blueberry and regular), yogurt, boiled eggs, super 8 cinnamon rolls (amazing!
), cereal, coffee, and milk.
Saves you money on getting a complete breakfast.
Free newspapers at the front desk as well  Pros- Very clean, bargain price, lots of amenities, top notch service, free breakfast  Cons- none  Hidden deals 1.
Free high speed WIFI 2.
Free breakfast 3.
Sign up at Super 8 website for wyndham rewards to earn free nights  I am sold on Super 8, great hotel chain!

What a super nice Super 8!
We booked through Hotwire and chose a "Secret Hotel" and I admit, I was a bit bummed to see that we were given a Super 8.
However, I shouldn't have been, at all.
This place was really quite nice and the manager, Josh, went above and beyond to make sure we had a room with a fridge.
Everything was very good here for a two-star motel.
Rooms were comfy, clean and well equipped.
The pool was very nice and clean.
Breakfast was your typical, but tasty, continental fare.
Every employee we encountered was pleasant.
There is a lot of annoying construction going on around this place right now.
Which didn't really cause any huge issues, just a few minor traffic annoyances.
This is a perfectly fine location if you plan to get around Madison by car.
It is close to everything one would go to Madison for.
Again, I was disappointed to see Super 8 pop up in my "Secret Hotel" reveal, but now, I'm glad it worked out that way.
Great place at a great price.

Nice and clean super 8!
Continental breakfast was standard, but it was nice to have.
Yogurt, cereal, etc.
The one thing is that our room was right next to I-90 and it was LOUD.
But, it was $60 so a good deal all in all.

i'm not saying this is the ritz... but as far as a $60 a night super 8 goes... it was dang nice enough.
it was clean.
it had breakfast.
it had a nice night manager who was accommodating.
came into town to run the madison mini marathon, and the manager was super cool about letting the husband and i check out late on race day so we could come back after the race and shower up.
we run a lot of races in a lot of towns and stay in a lot of hotels... and there are a lot of not-so-nice hotel managers that don't care why you're there and don't care if you want to shower.
this guy was nice and suggested to ME that a late check out might be in order once he knew why i was staying in town.
how rad is that?!
the room was clean.
the bathroom was clean.
there were plenty of linens.
the location is near enough to downtown.
if you are running in the madison mini, you are literally 5 minutes from the start line and finish line.
you need not take any major highways to get to it, which is an awesome bonus.
my only complaint was the day staff at the front desk was a total flake.
upon returning from the race, our door key somehow became demagnetized.
it didn't open our room.
we went to open it, and nothing.
we returned to the desk and had the front desk personnel reprogram it three times.
wouldn't have been a big deal if our room wasn't on the second floor at the end of the hall.
she never suggested giving us another key... until i finally got fed up and suggested it myself.
not sure english was her first language though, so maybe it was not entirely her fault.

It's a standard Super 8 two star.
Clean enough, nothing fancy, and some funny smells here and there.
Sirens outside throughout the night.
The night clerk said a few things that didn't make sense and were confusing.
The thin door to the next room let me hear the dude coughing all night.
These are all pretty standard for this type of hotel, but all together I'd probably consider staying somewhere else if I had to stay another night.

4 stars as in: I got a little better than what I expected at a fairly inexpensive hotel.
Clean room with working AC in the summer, free wi-fi with decent connection speed, really courteous staff.
(My TV wasn't working my second night here and they fixed it right away.
)  I'm in Madison doing some work at UW, and even though the hotel is about 3 miles from campus it's a short walk to the #4 bus line, which takes you there.
All in all, this place worked out fine.

Hotel was ok.  Clean and nice staff.
Breakfast was good.
Waffles, cereal, fruit, hard boiled eggs.
Pool looked ok... With hot tub.
Wish the bathroom was a little bigger and they need some sheer curtains.

