I haven't done many reviews on Yelp, but I think my experience with Hansen's is worthy of my time.
What I thought was a ignition problem, turned out to be a simple" dead battery".
They assessed the situation quickly and had my auto back to me in no time.
The staff was great and kind.
I would definitely recommend taking your car to this family shop for your auto needs.

Will go back again!
Two Toyota dealers quoted me at over $700 to get my 2008 Prius breaks fixed and also told me that $800 worth of other repairs were needed.
The dealership auto shops did not show me anything on my car or explain the specifics of what was needed.
I went to Hansen's where I was treated great!
They looked at my car right away and then took me out in the garage to have me look and feel my own breaks and what breaks should feel like to see why I needed a repair.
They quoted and fixed the breaks for $380 with no additional costs or suggested repairs.
They fixed the car fast and it works like a charm.
I'll be back to Hansen's!

I had a problem with the windshield washer pump on my old Subaru, and called them on a Monday morning at about 8 am.
They were swamped, but told me to bring it in.
By 10:30 I had a reasonable quote, and by 1:30 the part had been ordered and installed.
They were friendly and easy to work with.
I will definitely take my car back to them.

I rarely need to go to a Mechanic since I have several members of my family who are skilled mechanics.
My 2004 Nissan Sentra was making a noise, which I had been told was a wheel bearing going, but timing was bad for anyone in my family to fix it.
So I called Hansen's after doing an Internet search for mechanics in the Madison area and was quoted $280 for everything.
I had called a few other places and was told about the same, but when I called Hansen's I was also told of possible charges of an alignment and something related to ABS brakes.
I was assured that neither are often needed, but it was a possible charge and one that couldn't be assessed until the car was being worked on.
I loved the fact that this was mentioned as a possible though an unlikely charge.
I also was pleased that I was able to get my car in the same day I called.
It took 2 hours to get fixed.
The cost was exactly as I was quoted, no surprises.
Service was fast, warrantied, and the people I spoke with were very personable.
Small waiting area with a comfortable bench, though there is no TV.
However, I had my own things with me to do so it wasn't an issue for me.
I highly recommend Hansen's for your car care needs!

