The usual coffee-based beverages, brought to you by some very nice people.
The veggie wrap is the best I've ever had.
There is a drive-thru if you are especially lazy.
And it's in an old oil change place!
How fun is that?

A nice list of loose leaf teas, which are served in a light-bulb looking glass ware.
This Jiffy Lube converted place is an unexpectedly pleasant coffee shop on the S Park street.
Very friendly staff, a fantastic view of Copps, and overall a charming neighborhood cafe.

Cargo is ideal -- their staff is super friendly, their coffee is excellent, and the food is healthy and inexpensive.
Its just down the street from my office, so I go there regularly, and have had nothing but good experiences with the service or the product.

Just moved to Madison, within walking distance of Cargo.
Spent the morning there sipping coffee and using the free wi-fi.
My coffee and the wife's chai both met expectations.
The place looks a little bland from outside, but the interior is pleasantly quirky, with lots of old maps and air freight related paraphernalia.
Wi-fi was quick and consistent.
Ordered a couple wraps and a salad to go for lunch.
Nothing mind blowing, but definitely adequate for a quick/light lunch.

I love this place!
They have good coffee and good food too.
I always get the tuna wrap which is large enough to make two meals out of.
Oh yes, and I get a pastry.
It's also nice to sit by the large windows and soak up the sun on a cold day.
The only reason they don't earn 5 stars from me is there is no kids area or even a bathroom with a changing area.
There's not really space though so I get it.

Fast service at the drive through, very good coffee.
Support local businesses instead of chains and drop in at Cargo Coffee!
I always go through this place in the morning when I am in Madison on business.

I love this coffee!
I make a point to stop for beans when I visit Madison.
My favorite is their Atomic roast.
Dark and dreamy.
Staff is very friendly and helpful with suggestions on the current selections.
I've only eaten the desserts, which are tasty.
Nice and close to Copps across the street if you have shopping.

Best roast in Madison.
Service is friendly and quick.
I stop every chance I get for this local business.

Love the decor and the super fast wi-fi.
The coffee is great and the tuna wraps are yummy, too!

The staff are efficient and friendly.
They could use an upgrade to their chairs and tables, not the most comfortable setting.
Nice place to meet someone for a quick chat.
In the winter - the place can be a little too cold to sit and enjoy a leisurely lunch.
I don't drink coffee,but the sandwiches and soup are a-1.

Good service and a decent latte.

The very reason for us to come here initially was due to our curiosity.
Every time we are done shopping at Copps at around 6 or 7 pm, we always pass this local empty coffee shop.
We can't help but to compare with Barriques that still has many customers.
So, we dared to give it a try on one weekend.
There, we learned that they only open until 5 pm.
We ordered their tuna sandwich and love it!
Since then, this place is becoming one of our favorite sanctuaries to read and study.
Go local!

Looking for the best chicken salad wrap in town?
Go here!
They also have courteous employees and the drive thru is considerably fast!
:-)

I visited Cargo Coffee for the first time during the Savor South Madison Taste Race and enjoyed the experience.
I ordered an Atomic roast and I would rate it on par with Colectivo Coffee (and that is a good thing).
Things I liked: * Free wi-fi, which coupled with the powerful Atomic Roast provided for an extremely productive afternoon * Small but delicious selection of bagels and pastries * Outdoor seating * Drive through window * The pleasant, efficient staff thoroughly explained the different blends offered that day to this appreciative first time visitor.
They also have a great rapport with the many regular customers that filed through the shop over the course of the afternoon.
Things I didn't: * The interior of Cargo Coffee is a tad on the Spartan side.
While I give them credit for converting a former Jiffy Lube oil change building into a coffee shop, the tile floors and small, wooden chairs are not the most inviting for an extended stay.
I definitely plan to return when I am in the area.
The quality of the coffee and the friendliness of the staff more than overcome the austere setting.

The friendliest baristas in Madison - and great coffee too!
The Tiramisu latte is on point.

This place is just delightful.
My coworker and I get lunch here almost weekly.
Unique Build your own sandwich or wrap with fresh quality ingredients at an extremely reasonable prices.
They're a smaller operation, open early in the morning through the lunch hours.
Though a small space, they have a wide range of different teas and coffee drinks to suit your liking.
I usually use the drive thru and always are greeted with a smile.
:D   Stop in at Cargo for your next coffee/lunch adventure.

First time and did the drive through.
Only problem was getting around the food supply truck  :)   Order taker was super nice and the barista was great too!
Super yummy latte!

