Went to Badger Bowl this past Sunday with a friend, his girlfriend, her son, and my wife.
As many times in the past, I love Badger Bowl.
It is your good ol bowling venue that is modern but still has that old bowling alley feel unlike the newer places in Madison.
That and it is relatively close to my home (a couple miles).
Our group of 4 plus a child paid $25 for two hours of bowling and, as it has each time we have been there, a good time by all.
The bottled beer was a great price, and the few bar appetizers we had were good (although the Cheese Curds were the heavily breaded type and we prefer the slightly breaded.
Who cares, they are cheese curds LOL).
The service at Badger Bowl was great as always and the day of a little bowling is prompting us to frequent more often.

The $5 lunch special is a burger and fries.
Not the best burger I've ever had, but the fries were very good and for that price they are cheaper than McDonald's.

30 lanes.
If you want to open bowl, you're usually good except for league times between 6-9pm.
Standard bar food.
Taps are domestic with a couple locals - sometimes a more "exotic" guest beer is on tap.
Full bar.
Bumper bowl is available for the kids.
Package deals available if you want to bowl for 2 hours.
They also frequently have live music, which seems to consist of a lot of cover bands.

Go here for Bowling.
Maybe for bands.
Consider the food as an option if you are already there for Bowling or bands.
Went here for lunch today.
Sat at the bar next to other people eating lunch.
Proceeded to sit and wait and wait and wait and wait - when no one came to even ask if we wanted drinks yet along lunch .
we left.
No service at all.
Food in the past wasn't all that good to begin with.
Sadly disappointed on how bad this place has become over the past few years.

I went here Saturday around 8pm and it wasn't busy so that was really nice, i also got a pizza and a big basket of fries for a decent price... the only thing i didn't  like was the fact that in the game room the air hockey is timed and i didn't know that till the machine shut off half way through my game, plus the games are $1 each so it's a bit of a rip off, but other than that my night at Badger Bowl went really well!

We walked in on a Saturday night, and the place was nearly empty.
The bowling was cheap and the drinks were reasonable.
But, there was a DJ and a band that night, at the same time, so it was kind of an assault on the ears.
Good, but not great.

Stopped Saturday late afternoon for one $4 beer.
Ran the beer & $1 tip on my check debit card...for a total of $5.
Was shell shocked on the following Tuesday to see Badgerbowl actually charged $104 to my account!!
I immediately called.
While they admitted it was there error, no actual apology was given.
I gave my card info over the phone as she said she would immediately refund the money.
She said "this kind of thing happens all the time.
"  WHAT??
The next morning, I couldn't see the money in my account, so called the manager.
He told me it would take 24-48 hours before it would show, but he ASSURED me it had been taken care of.
Later that afternoon, I get a call from someone else at Badger Bowl.
Apparently, yesterday they really only credited $5 to my account out of the $100 they overcharged me (WHAT??
They still expect me to pay for the beer after all of this???
But, whatever...)  Because they only credited me $5, she needed by card info again to run the remaining $95 credit.
At this point I requested a check as I do not trust them or this process at all.
And instead of being apologetic..at all...about this HUGE error, she was actually quite defensive, I can all assume, because "this happens all the time.
"  Beware.
Pay with cash.
Hold onto your receipts.

Be warned, this is a review of their banquet room not for bowling.
Badger Bowl gave a warm welcome to our group of over 100 people on an early morning.
The updated conference/ banquet room was clean and ready to go for our meeting.
Staff was courteous and polite.
Room had "rustic" wood paneling if an "up north" or "shabby chic" look is what you like.
Either way it has more charm than peeling wallpaper, and sterile gray walls.
Next time there's a meeting the only thing else missing was an opportunity to bowl.
I am a terrible bowler but it would have been fun to make the office crowd tie on some shoes and throw a couple.

I travel to Madison frequently for work, and since the Badger Bowl is quite near my client's office, we go there for lunch at least once every visit.
I'm sad to see the so-so reviews for the food, because I've always enjoyed eating there.
True, it's bowling alley/pub food, but it's not bad for that type of food.
I quite like the chili, and I am very fond of the burgers.
I recently had a grilled chicken sandwich with mushroom sauce and melted Swiss that I found quite tasty.
Seeing the signs about happy hour specials makes me think I should look there for after-work entertainment as well!

Dropped-in to hear a band on Saturday, March 29.
+ Huge parking lot offered plenty of parking options/spots + Great stage and dance floor for live music in the main bar area - Huge brick columns block view of stage from several areas - Semi-challenging to get to the bar during busy times - All drinks served in plastic Solo cups - $8 cover for the band - Secondary "DJ" playing music near opposite entrance of the main bar (for bowlers)  I'm not much of a bowler these days, so I can't comment on the actual bowling aspect.
Looked like there were plenty of people enjoying themselves.
The band was good; sound was a bit off, but was otherwise fun.
Crowd was courteous, despite it being packed.
Staff was friendly as well.

