If the car wash business is now charging more for doing less and charging extra for things that used to be included like vacuuming and interior cleaning, then it doesn't surprise me that Octopus is still in business.
I won't go into my story but I want to say in clear terms: I paid $25, had to deflect a hard sell of the new "detailing" services for another $25 and still my car came out barely vacuumed, interior surfaces still dusty and no scent.
This has been my experience several times.
I should not have to verbally ask for my car to be cleaned, it should be so.
I will stick to the $7 drive-thru and bite the bullet to do the detailing myself.
Don't continue to encourage this despicable business tactic of giving you less for more.
Don't go here!

Recently had a detail done here.
They missed two small places that they cleaned but not thoroughly enough.
Still was acceptable.
Everything else was excellent.
Carpets were shampooed and the car was spotless.
It isn't cheap but I am happy with what I got.
The service was very good.
Everyone was in uniform and appeared to really know what they were doing.
They were very busy too.
I went here on the recommendation of a friend who has his high end autos regularly cleaned here.
I will be back and thank you Octopus car wash for all your work.

If you drive in for information, be prepared to stay.
There is only one way out and that is through the car wash.
I told the front line person that I wanted a car wash and full interior cleaning.
I was having a problem with dog hair everywhere.
I specifically ask if he had a package for that or would I have to bring it for detailing.
He peeked his head in and said it would not be a problem and no detailing was needed.
I paid for the complete interior package.
My car comes out spelling fresh, I picked lemon.
It was nice.
I look back and there is still dog hair all over my seat.
It was like the interior was barely cleaned.
The dashboards were decently dusted and wiped.
They were not perfect, but I was willing overlook that if the rest of my car had been clean.
After all the dog hair was my real nemesis.
I parked my car and marched inside to speak with someone.
I was give TWO different excuses: 1.
My seat material made it difficult to vacuum them.
I needed to get it detailed.
I told him I asked the front line man that!
Why would I waste money on a complete interior clean if I had to get it detailed later anyway?
We were interrupted and he said he would be right back.
After I realized he was not coming back, I left.
I am never going back there.
So much for a dependable neighborhood car wash place.
I am sick and tired of chain businesses believing they can give people bad service.
One day it will catch up to them.
Their automated wash, which does not require customer service, did a great job.
So if you are getting the basic wash, it is the place to go for under $10.
That is the only reason they have a second star.
Otherwise they would be a one-star venue all the way.

If you go to Octopus and they ask if you want their express detail service - run.
Run fast, and run far.
Better yet, you have a car - use that.
Do not just say "No, thank you.
" Say, "HELL NO, thank you.
"   I made the mistake of acquiescing to a hard sell of this service and have never been sorrier in my life.
Not only did it cost me $29.99 and 20 minutes of my time at the car wash, it cost me another hour when I got home, scrubbing off whatever disgusting product they used on all the hard surfaces of the interior.
It felt slippery (how nice that they put it on the steering wheel), looked greasy and had a horrible chemical smell.
Just what I wanted in my 4-month-old car.
The good news is soapy water takes the stuff off.
It took several changes of water because the oil slick that developed on the surface of the water killed the suds quickly.
It would appear that I am stuck the the odor, however.
Do not, under any circumstances, allow them to talk you into this "service.
" Suck it up and wash the interior of you car, yourself.
I wish I had.

So I decided since I was running short on time this spring to splurge and go for the diamond package detail offered by the car wash.
The idea of getting my cup holders cleaned, everything inside cleaned and vacuumed seemed like a great idea.
I will say they made an effort to clean the car, which really wasn't completely filthy-dirty to begin with.
The exterior was dusty and the interior had stones and crumbs all over.
However, the job they did vacuuming was not great.
Lots of debris and crumbs still left on the floor mats and in the corners as well as in the folds of the seats.
Then, I'm not sure what chemical they used, but it was over everything, i.e.
not fully wiped off a lot of stuff.
The most upsetting part was that they did not wipe the excess spray off the leather interior and there are small stains in those places now.
The exterior, once again, was clean, but I don't think they wiped the final coat of whatever protective coating they put on the outside.
Imagine taking a spray bottle and lightly misting over everything.
That's my car.
Did someone in the line forget to do their job?
I'm confused at this because I paid a bunch of money for it and I needed to get my car washed again at the gas station to clean up the exterior... that wash only cost me $6.
I will never again return to octopus carwash with my vehicle and will advise everyone I know to avoid it.

Did a good job of cleaning out the salt stains and road trip leftovers at a decent price with their express detail package.
Some of the finer details like seams of the seats were not done perfectly, and some spots from whatever they use on their rags, but overall a good job for the price and the fact that it was so fast, less than 45 minutes.
The price structure is a little odd and difficult to understand exactly what you are getting.

I like driving clean cars.
I am too lazy to wash it myself.
Hence my frequent visits to Octopus.
I usually go with the Diamond Wash (skip the fragrances unless you want to smell like a pimp or some artificial unknown fruit from another planet).
Although a little pricey, you can return within 3 days and get another wash for $2.99.
It comes in handy if I am doing a little roadtripping over a weekend and want it so fresh so clean for the upcoming week.

So I have been coming here since I got my new car last year and to be honest, these guys do a pretty great job.
Honestly for $20 they do a lot and I have never had any complaints... My car has always come out the other end as clean as I would expect it.
Plus there is a Barriques coffee shop right near by if you have some extra detailing going on!

I always get the 10 dollar car wash.
It is a great deal considering people hand wash your car and vacuum the inside for about the same price as one of those crappy automatic washes.
My car is never perfect but it looks really good for the price, much better than an automatic wash, and I never have to wait long.

I think a solid 2 to 3 stars is in order here.
For $10 you get a wash and wipe down.
I don't see any reason to pay anything over.
It's a deal in my eyes.
I enjoy the extra streak free wipe down at the end, nothing makes me more angry than streaks after a wash!!!!
I've also paid for a full detail/steam clean at this location.
I did it before I traded in a SUV I had to make it look like it was worth at least a couple grand (wishful thinking).
They did a great job, but because it was in December...the seats were still wet for the next 2 days from the steam clean.
They just didn't want to dry out!
I wish they would have dried them out or something for me!
Not to mention, they didn't clean under the hood it looked like, which I'm not sure even if it was a part of the detail or not....but either way I asked the sales guy for a full detail and was hoping to have this done (or at the very least wiped down quickly) considering how much $$$$ I was paying.
This is my fault I guess for not looking before I drove away.
Well....you can't win them all.
Either way, a great $10 wash.

