I cannot say enough good things about this place.
I was in town on business and stopped by for breakfast with a colleague.
This restaurant has it all - and all of it good.
It is clean and comfortable, service is splendid, and the food is terrific.
We were seated promptly and tried the coffee right off the bat, and it was excellent.
The cups are small but they were never empty; the service was that prompt.
We must have drunk six or seven cups apiece over the course of the 45 minutes or so that we were there.
I tried one of their breakfast skillets (the Meat Lovers).
I am a big eater and I was unable to finish it.
It came out piping hot and it was absolutely delicious.
The next time that I get back to Madison, you can bet your boots that I am going to try to get by the Monona Garden.
Last but not least, right inside the front door is a large American flag with a tribute to the men and women of the US military.
Even if the food had not been good, that alone (especially in a city like Madison) would have been worth at least three stars.
My kind of place!

I LOVE this place.
I've been coming here for about 5 years, mostly for breakfast, but occasionally for lunch and dinner, and I've never had a bad meal.
There's almost never a wait, great service, and you'll get your food quickly, even when the place is full.
We even came on Mother's Day and waited maybe 7 minutes, had great service and wonderful food.
This is rare in the Madison area.
The owner, Nick, is hilarious and a great businessman.
All of the staff are friendly, funny, and professional.
I usually get an omelet or skillet for breakfast.
Either one will leave you full - I usually can't finish the skillet.
Lots of fresh and delicious ingredients across the board.
They have a great club sandwich that I often get for lunch, along with burgers, french dip, and many other standards.
Lunch is usually served with fries and your choice of soup (or a salad with a slight upcharge).
Coffee is good and your mug will be kept full.
Oh, and they just started offering fresh squeezed OJ which is truly delicious!
Dinner comes with a bread basket, as well as the soup and fries or other side.
They have really nice looking senior specials that are extremely affordable.
That being said, the whole menu is extremely affordable.
It's a great place for a casual meal.

Great service good food at reasonable prices very clean staff great with kids even ice cream with kids meals

Went for dinner.
We had the lumberjack burger, and the roast beef & Italian sausage sammie.
Both were quite good, and very large portions.
Neither of us could finish.
No room for dessert!

I was a little worried when my friends told me that they wanted to meet here for breakfast.
Just from driving by in the past it never really caught my eye as a place I would want to try.
They had the breakfast staples that you would expect at a diner.
I got the corned beef hash and scrambled eggs.
The friends got an omelette and a scrambler.
All came with toast or an english muffin.
Everyone was pleased with their meals.
Coffee was good and the service was great.
Our server was back to top us off any time we were down to half a cup.
The restaurant was very clean and our server was polite and continued to top off our coffee even though we sat around and chatted for a little bit after we had finished our food.
Prices were very reasonable.

This  place is Awesome!
Clean, fresh air, fabulous  breakfast, friendly staff A+ rating.
Highly recommend .

Oh maaan, I wish I could give more than five stars to this restaurant.
It is my absolute favorite place to eat breakfast, I don't even know how to start, the owner and the staff are so friendly and efficient, the food it is done so fast and so well all the time!
And that is so hard to achieve specially when the place is already full and they still have more people waiting to be seated, they even have a cool machine to make fresh orange juice, wow, to me, that's awesome.
My top combos are, the garden skillet, which comes with hashbrowns, onions, red and green bell peppers, broccoli, mushrooms and tomatoes, choice of cheese (for me cheddar is the best bet) and I asked for my eggs to be scrambled (always nice and fluffy) and last you choose from toast or pancakes (I always upgrade to an English muffin) it is well toasted and shiny with butter ;)  My second one would be two scrambled eggs with sautéed onions and green bell peppers, Canadian bacon and of course my english muffin, which was the one I had today even though I am not a mommy yet ;)  I recommend this place 100% to anybody who is looking for a simple breakfast place with great fresh flavors, fair prices and a wonderful customer service.

