Best local florist.
Great creative bouquets

Fantastic!!!!
Their arrangements are wonderful, their service is even better.
Free delivery in Madison.
They will always get my business.

I called these guys, admittedly very last minute, to ask if I could get flowers delivered for Mother's Day.
I figured they would say no, and then I'd ask if we could get them delivered the following Monday.
But before I could ask for Monday, the woman on the phone simply said "no" and then hung up on me.
It was pretty rude.
So I have no idea if they have nice flowers, but I'm rating them a one star for customer service.

Omg...can I give zero or negative stars ???
So I order flowers and pay for same day delivery and when it was getting late in the day I called to check on the order...a NASTY lady answered the phone....she told me that her driver was too busy to deliver them....then she hung up on me!!!
Seriously...with all the florists in the area,this is the customer service u give????
Don't go here,you will b sorry!!

Went here yesterday to get a few roses for my girlfriend.
I had a fairly pleasant experience.
I was greeted right away, they arrange the flowers, and I was gone.
Nothing fancy or over the top about my visit, but good customer service and decent prices gives them 4 stars!

The flowers were pretty and the free same-day delivery to the Madison area is nice.
However, their customer service is severely lacking, and if you're in the flower business, there is no excuse to be anything but excellent at customer service.
The woman who answers the phone is quite rude - I've read other reviews saying the same thing.
A good business needs a really pleasant, welcoming person to answer the phone (assuming you want to make a good first impression for your customers) - But that is not a priority here.
Also, the delivery person called the recipient directly when she didn't answer the door the first time (which is understandable), but the recipient found that the delivery people were annoyed with HER for not answering the door.
It's one thing to call the recipient to make sure that the flowers are delivered correctly and that they are home, but it's another to be annoyed with them on the phone!
It wouldn't have been hard for the delivery person to be friendly while telling the recipient he had flowers for her.
It was her birthday, and feeling like a company is blaming her for not knowing about her surprise isn't exactly what she wanted to deal with today.
I called the business back to talk to them about this concern and was answered very shortly and then hung up on before I could ask another question.
The employees here really do not prioritize customer service.
I would recommend paying a little extra for delivery at another company to make sure that your recipient receives friendly service on their special day.

Today I received an arrangement that a friend had sent via FTD.
I was disappointed with the arrangement that I received.
When I called to complain, both of the women that I spoke to were anything but professional.
I have used other florists including Felly, Kleins and George's.
never had this kind of service.
I will not use Choles  or recommend them to anyone.
Poor customer service and satisfaction!

