Well I have been coming to this Barnes and Noble for a long time, Years-on-end.
I really enjoy sitting around in there with some coffee and some Homework or to just read some magazines.
It can get a bit busy with all these other students and Book-readers but that is to be expected.
Furthermore, they always have their books and magazines stocked to the gills!
It is nice to go in there and know they will have what you are looking for.
Finally, I want to explain why I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5.
It is the checkout line.
For some reason unknown to me, they never seem to want anymore than say 2-3 people at the registers.
It ends up being a huge line and the only time I can think of when they have more than 2-3 people is the day after christmas.
I digress, it is an all around good store and one of the nicer Barnes and Nobles I have been to.

We like Barnes and Noble and go here quite a bit but it could be a lot better.
Good location and plenty of parking space.
This place used to be the best place to find music but now that buying music has changed we don't go here for music any more at all.
Their movies have always been way overpriced and we have never purchased one here.
They should eliminate the music section and just go with books now.
They have a great selection of books and magazines and the atmosphere of the place is quite nice.
They also have the special book readings and group gatherings etc which they have plenty of room for.
They do some art displays which they should do more of.
They could use more tables and chairs toward the front of the store and the coffee could be better.
They could also offer more foods and bakery items.
Bottom line is that they seem to be stuck in a funk and need to revamp this place.
It still holds it's own but it wouldn't take much for someone to knock them off the top rung.

I was at this location tonight to pick up a magazine as a gift for somebody with a 20% off coupon I had received in my email.
When I got there, the news-stand section was closed off and I could see all the shelves were covered in plastic sheets.
I went up to the checkout, since nobody was at or near the customer service desk, and asked how long the section was going to be closed.
I was told it was going to be a week or so.
I explained to the cashier that I had a 20% off coupon that expires on Sunday and asked if there was anyway that they could extend it.
The cashier responded, in an extremely condescending tone, that no they won't and if I wanted to use it I'd have to go to the Madison East store.
I've worked in retail for over six years and would never dream of telling a customer something like that.
B&N thinks now that Borders is gone, they can be rude to their customers and get away with it because they think "Hey, they've got nowhere else to buy this stuff.
"  That is a horrible attitude.
This is just another reason for me to order from Amazon.

For a moment I almost forgot that I was tucked away in wintery Wisconsin until I saw a whole bunch of Wisconsin guide books and remembered why they were there..
I really love the size and layout of this particular B&N.
The different levels really help break up the space and creates various nooks and crannies where you can plop down and read a good book or magazine.
There's no shortage of seating, which is also a huge plus - I feel like a lot of bookstores discourage their patrons from sitting around and reading by limiting the number of seats in the store.
Not a problem here!
I love the "sale annex" as well as the arrangement of tables and chairs on the upper level.
It makes B&N seem almost library-like.
If I didn't live so far away, B&N would be my study/workplace of choice (especially with the free wifi).
See ya soon!

Love going here to just sit and find a good book, read and relax, there's something about being surrounded with so much information in one place, The internet has taken over in that aspect, but they will still be around for awhile so enjoy while they last..

I've been wanting to buy two books - Craft Cocktails and Ad Hoc at Home for a while now...
I know I can get them on Amazon, but for some reason I've resisted hitting the "Buy Now" button.
On a whim (and while in the neighborhood at REI), I swung into Barnes & Noble.
Wow - they've redone quite a bit of the store - there's now a huge area dedicated to the Nook, and if I didn't know better, I'd swear they had expanded the store by several tens of thousands of square feet - it's open, airy, and huge.
After wandering for a few minutes, I found the cooking area.
Fail number one: organizing books by author's name.
I understand certain titles lend themselves more favorably to knowing the author... so, I reached for my phone, looked at Amazon's website, found the author's names, and started scouring for the books.
Craft Cocktails - one copy available.
Price?
No where to be found.
So, I wandered around until I found an employee, with whom I inquired about the price.
He showed me the UPC code on the back and showed me how to decipher the code to extrapolate the price, which was - wait for it - full MSRP - $50.00.
I saw the exact same book, no more than a few minutes earlier, online for $31.06 with free shipping and no tax.
No thanks, B&N.
I repeated the same song and dance for Ad Hoc at Home - once again, Barnes and Noble didn't have a price tag posted, but I was able to find the retail price of... $50.00 clearly marked on the back dust jacket.
Wow.
Amazon?
$28.50 new, $17 used ("in excellent condition").
I appreciate that this is a brick and mortar store, complete with couches, chairs, coffee shops, and dozens of employees wandering around.
But... really?
I can't bring myself to spend nearly twice the going rate for books that are now 5+ years old.
I said it in my tip, and I'll say it again - it's no wonder bookstores are failing.
This business model is terrible.
Oh, and also... WTF is up with the parking lot in this area?
You could lose a wheel, your entire car, or small herds of livestock in some of those potholes.
Fix the damn lot!
Looks like I'll be renewing my Prime membership once again and buying both of these books for less than the cost of one new book from B&N.

