Ahhh, La Bamba.
I have such fond memories of the old State Street location; stumbling up those stairs, paying $5 for a monster burrito, and leaving happy.
While I was sad to learn the State Street location has closed, I was thrilled to find that the food at the west side location is exactly as I remembered it: cheap, filling, and fast.
Once again, Madison Yelpers, I must remind you that this is NOT authentic, high quality, interior Mexican food.
It's a college town burrito chain that caters to drunken twentysomethings.
Go into it expecting and knowing this, and you'll probably leave happy.
However, if you're expecting homemade masa and mole, you're going to be disappointed.
We ordered two "regular" burritos: one steak, one chicken.
The chicken was shredded and lightly seasoned.
The steak, while not tenderloin, was moist, tender, and tasty.
Neither were the least bit greasy, and I never bumped into a hint of gristle or other meat-nasties.
I must admit that I never order refried beans, so I've never tried them from La Bamba, and I'm not a vegetarian...
I'd imagine that if you're a vegetarian you should probably look elsewhere.
So, if you're not a bean-eater or veggies-only type of person, you'll find that the burritos are big and tasty.
Both of ours were filled primarily with meat - no rice filler; just meat and veggies.
She added avacado to hers, and if I do say so myself, it was an excellent addition.
The hot sauce is one of my favorites; be sure to ask for a side of it.
Salsa is flavorful, fresh, and has just enough kick to keep you on your toes.
Chips are disappointing as they're usually a bit on the stale side.
La Bamba is really a 3.25 - 3.5 star place, but I bumped it to 4 because I appreciate what it is, the value, and the service.

Good tortas.
nuff said.

Steve L put it as good as one can say: "It's a college town burrito chain..." If I was drunk, it was late and I wanted to eat something, this would suffice.
However, sober, its disgusting.
There are only refried beans.
The fillings in a veggie burrito consist of rice and hot sauce and refried beans.
Mexican, its not.
Good it is not.
Cheap, I guess.
There is better out there.
There is much better out there.

Been coming here for YEARS (close to a decade).... still not sick of it.
I stick with the steak tacos, although burritos are good.
Definitely "authentic mexicans" working here, without a doubt.
A lot of them don't speak the best english, so it's good to make sure you either a) tell them what you want in Spanish or b) repeat your order SEVERAL TIMES.
I had issues with them always putting onions on my tacos/burritos but now have it down to a science the best way to prevent this.
They tend to be a little forgetful and don't have fancy taco-bell-style video screens showing each order, so you gotta have a strategy if you're picky about your toppings.
Definitely not the best, and not really cheap either, but ...
I'm hooked.
Open ridiculously late every night, too.

I really like the tacos here, they are on soft corn tortillas.
Tuesday and Sunday are .99 tacos.
My friend tried the nachos and didn't like it, the chips were a bit stale and when we they asked if we wanted everything on it, we said yes, expecting the normal toppings but they threw lettuce on the hot fake nacho cheese and sour cream.
I have back to this place a few times and I've learned my lesson to always get the tacos.
Great price and fills me up.

Worst quesodilla i have ever had.
It was more lettuce and beans than actual cheese which I'm pretty sure is not how a quesodilla is normally made.

La Bamba is a pretty good cheap, 'authentic' Mexican food joint.
It's the closest I've been able to find to the taco trucks I'm used to from back home in California.
Is it perfect?
No, but it's close.
The super burritos are huge, loaded with stuff, and pretty tasty.
My only real complaint is the cheese they use.
They use sliced cheese on the burritos and liquid cheese on the nachos.
They should shell our for shredded cheese to put them over the top.
And maybe black beans, in place of refried pinto beans  I suggest the asada burrito, add rice.
Make sure you ask for extra hot sauce as it's really good.

1st stop every time I come back to Madison.
I started with them back at U of Illinois in the 80's and the still deliver a great filling burrito as big as your head.
Good stuff, wish I had one in Chapel Hill.

Aweful!
Ate there twice now and it is way overpriced and not good at all.
We got a burrito, a cheese quesadilla and a tiny thing of cheap chips with this weird cheese sauce and it was 20 dollars!
Bad food, definitely never going back there again!

Is Bigger Always Better?
I guess it depends on who you ask.
Personally, I've always thought of length and girth as being far less important than taste and deliciousness.
Wait...We are talking about the same thing, right?
Anyway, my work-partner and I were in Madison making deliveries the other day and he said that we absolutely had to go to La Bamba for one of their gigantic super-burritos.
It wasn't just his interpretation, they have a gigantic hand-painted mural on the wall when you walk in that says "Burritos As Big As Your Head!!
I gather it's a point of pride.
Service was awesome, if a bit cheesy.
The guy working the grill yells out "HOLA AMIGOS!
" to everyone that walks in and was super pleasant.
Decor is pretty spartan, it's strictly some cheap tables and booths, plastic silverware, and ESPN Deportes on a telly.
But as I've said before, I would happily eat in a Stalinist gulag if the borscht was delicious.
Super Burrito?
Definitely huge.
Definitely messy.
Definitely maybe sub-super.
I mean, it was good.
Don't get me wrong.
But it wasn't like, blow-me-away-amazing.
I got the pork and it was more like ground pork than some kind of actual pork texture.
They also put lettuce in the burrito which is a huge turn-off for me.
The salsa, even the secret green stuff that you have to ask for wasn't very hot at all.
I'll eat there again, but I won't have the pork.
Will be sure to update when I've had something else from their menu.

Wasnt sure if 4 or 5 was earned but gave it a 5 for overall....Was there on Saturday night (usually only go for a special late night meal after work).
Last time they forgot my quesadillas but lesson learned, check your order.
Very tasty, love the spicy mexican sausage.
I always leave some cash since they are very nice and accomodating...
Thanks Amigos!

Just as the one in Monona, I like La Bamba.
They have very raw, "you know what you're eating" food.
A lot of people who will probably low-rate this place prefer places like Pedros or Taco Bell with mystery sauces and fake ingredients abound.
The food here is amazing with my favorite being the Veggie Nachos and Bean/avocado burrito.
Hot sauce adds a lot of flavor to both and is absolutely necessary in my opinion to get the full experience.

Best flipping nachos ever !!!!!!
Will be going back for them again soon and it's not expensive at all

My friends and I ordered from here about halfway through our night.
These burritos left everything to be desired.
Even the monster size was a detriment because it tasted so awful.
I will never order from this place again.
This may have been simply a flaw in GrubHub's site, but the only non-red meat option was BBQ chicken, which is not really the best choice for a burrito.
Add regular chicken to the menu.
(Or get your GrubHub fixed.
)   The burritos tasted amazingly more like Indian food than Mexican food.
That could be a cool route to go - if you advertised them as Indian burritos.
Instead, this was just a big mistake.
The one good quality: the burrito didn't make me throw up.

Ok, so lets just get something straight here.
This isn't a place for a spectacular gourmet meal or anything.
Conversely, BURRITOS THE SIZE OF YOUR HEAD?!
Come on, it is just down right monstrous.
Honestly though the burritos and other various menu items seem to be made with high quality ingredients, quickly, and for a reasonable price.
It is some pretty good football game food after a few beers.
I would have to say that although I KNOW the food is good, to people walking by it may sort of seem like a dump.
Some simple seating for you to devour your pile of food and no special decorations, or theme for that matter, within its walls.
Once again though, I think of this place more as a place to refuel than an "experience.

The food and the staff here are gross, but........
I do believe they have the best salsa in the city.
I come here for rice and salsa only!

Big portions for modest prices.
I usually get it to go.
Think of it as a better Taco Bell and you'll dig this place.
Fajitas dinner combo had 8 tortillas and a very generous helping of rice and beans, easy to split between multiple meals.
Half of their huge burritos could easily compare to a modest chipotle burrito.

I got Nachos that look like a bird crapped on it, the chips were limp and soggy.
The beans were bland.
Pretty disappointed.

my girlfriend ordered a chicken quesadilla and was given a beef quesadilla.
Last time I checked a beef quesadilla would be a taco not a quesadilla.
The shell was overly soggy and nasty.
The ground beef had no seasoning or taste.
If this place is suppose to serve mexican food they have definitely missed the mark.
Taco Bell does a better job and they are a fast food restaurant.
The owner of this place needs to learn how to cook food properly.

