Gluten-free baked goods galore, as well as GF pastas, cereals, snack bars, beers, as well as some conventional baked goods that contain gluten.
Their website lists bake days and allows shipping.
If you're there on a day they're baking conventional goods, you can get frozen GF items.
I greatly enjoyed the GF blueberry muffin I had this morning and hear the chocolate cherry scones are not to be missed.

We love this bread.
I tell all my friends about it.
It is the only bread we eat.
Careful though, you need to refrigerate after a few days if you don't eat it all up right away.
They make half loaves for smaller appetites.
Delicious.
Our favorite is the Dakota and the Grandma's white is second.

I don't have gluten intolerance or any dietary concerns, I just love the baked goods and breads here.
Muffins, cookies and breads are all amazing and reasonably priced.
The staff is super sweet.
Just wish they were open on Sundays too so I could get my Silly Yak fix!
:) The staff is super sweet and nice.
Update: I also wish you sold coffee products - this area of Mineral Point Road is a desert for good coffee unless you want to go to the gas station or a chain place like the Starbucks in Target or Panera.

The bread here is amazing.
I guess they close the place down, clean out the ovens hardcore and bake all the gluten free goods once or twice a week.
Some stuff is sold fresh and other stuff is frozen and sold  all week.
Besides bread, they offer fresh pasta, cookies/muffins, croutons, and pizza crust.
Their cakes look pretty terrible though, they bake em in a square tin pan and frost em like my kid brother frosts his brownies... they should get a cake decorator!

I went in to buy $50 Gift certificate, but the guy selling it to me did not want to take my credit card, that they have to pay 3% on the transaction.
So he turned down $50.
Wow, business must be good.

If you are at ALL a fan of breakfast sandwiches, you have GOT to try the "jalapeño poppers" (small rolls) made here - just cook up an egg, heat the roll, and serve as sandwich.
OMG.
HEAVEN!
I've been a connoisseur of breakfast sandwiches for years now and I can truly say that nothing beats these little rolls at home with an egg.
The rolls are very soft and fairly small - perfect size for an egg sandwich.
Most importantly, they're baked chalk full of cheddar, bits of jalapeño, and cream cheese.
They're amazing plain or even with hummus, but as for me I'll be having them EVERY morning I'm back in Madison, with an egg.
And orange juice.
And coffee.
I discovered these last fall at the farmer's market downtown Madison and they've been my best Farmer's Market find - ever.
I'm utterly in love and I'm sure these rolls will soon have a cult following, if they don't already.
Bonus:  Great customer service.
Very friendly workers.
Double Bonus:  Their danishes are PERFECTO.
Flaky but still super moist and stretchy - you MUST try if you like danishes!

I have food allergies and sensitivities so I was happy to find the Silly Yak Bakery.
These are the best tasting Gluten free breads I've ever eaten.
The cherry almond bread is too good to be good for you.
To me it tastes like a cross between angel food cake and pound cake with cherries folded in and topped with almond slices.
I use the amaranth bread for sandwiches.
There's nothing like cinnamon swirl toast in the morning to start my day.
There are no preservatives so freeze what you don't eat in a few days.
I wish they were open longer at night.
My morning schedule and drive doesn't allow stopping before work  and by the time I can get there after working I feel rushed.
In my hurry I didn't realize there is a section of baked goods by the register that has gluten in it which I grabbed by mistake luckily my sister was with me and warned me.
I hope the staff would have warned me if my sister wasn't there.
I can't wait to try more.

This bakery is the best gluten-free bakery I have ever been to.
Lots of variety for products (pasta, breads, cookies, pizza crust, etc.).
The staff is friendly and the bread tastes much better than national brands bought in the grocery store.
Very satisfied on the first visit and can't wait to try more varieties!

Silly Yak sells egg-free, casein-free, and gluten-free (marked GFCFEF) baked delights!
If you adhere to these dietary restrictions, Silly Yak is the perfect place to find breads, muffins, and cookies.
I am mostly pleased with them because of their selection of "contains gluten" goods.
YESS YUM I will eat my "contains gluten" lemon blueberry scone while you munch away on your GFCFEF coffee chocolate muffin, both equally delicious.
Everything in the store is clearly marked, so whether you're looking for gluten-free & egg-free or only gluten-free goods, you can easily find the right type.
They also have a useful calendar of their bake dates, and apparently have shipping available if you're interested in that.
My sister mentioned that the xanthan gum (used as an egg equivalent in the egg-free products) made her mint chocolate chip muffin extra chewy, but didn't compromise the taste.
pros: clearly marked goods, something for everyone!, odd assortment of other gluten-free foods (beer and pizzas!

A friend and I bought a sampling of Silly Yak's egg-free, casein-free, and gluten-free baked goods.
I had high hopes but ultimately everything we bought was dry, dense, and lacking in flavor.
I rarely find anything truly inedible but this time I did throw my share away.
A major disappointment after the other positive reviews.

I am enjoying the bread.
Will be back.

The selection of gluten free products is amazing!
You can see the bakers making the bread if you get to the store early enough.
I hadn't had a donut since I went gluten free and I bought one my first visit and fell in love.
Also, try the garlic cheddar gluten free bread.
It's deeeeelicious.

This is one of the two best places for gluten-free products that I've been to in the entire country (the other being Andrea's in St. Louis, though they have since closed their retail outlet and now sell only through grocery stores).
Aside from the clever name, Silly Yak has delicious food.
The jalapeno-cheddar bread is wonderful, as are the cinnamon rolls and pumpkin muffins and the regular bread and ... well pretty much everything is delicious.
Two extra bonuses: they have a stall at the farmer's market, and they sell beer.
According to one of the employees, they are the only bakery in Wisconsin with a liquor license.
They should frame that and put it on the store window.
All in all, a terrific place.

Gluten-free heaven!!
Finally got to stop in here before flying back to Denver.
SO GLAD.
They apparently ship nationwide, so I will be making an order very soon.
I haven't had a scone since going GF...the blueberry one was the best scone (with or without gluten!
) I have ever had.
Chocolate doughnut...yes.
Nailed it.
The  dried fruit granola is delicious to the point my somewhat picky toddler will gobble it.
I have bread and a couple other treats left to try, and I can't wait.
Will be my first stop next time I am in Madison.
YUM!!!!

I just recently went gluten free and had heard about this place and couldn't wait to go.
I was pretty disappointed.
They have a regular bakery there, which I didn't know, and its such a teaser.
The gluten free section is quite small...I ended up with some casein free, gluten free, egg free things because of the limited selection.
They were not very good.
I prefer udis white bread over this.
The pizza was ok....maybe it was the rounds I picked that I didn't like (spinach & mushroom).
I will go back on 'gluten free bakery day'...when they have samples...maybe I'll find something I like and try a different pizza.
They have a schedule of when they cook certain things.

