Interesting selection of offbeat household decor- rugs, pictures, hangings, etc.
Great place to find unusual dishes- prices are pretty reasonable.
Good sales in their wine section, especially if you sign up for their email listing.

How could you not like this place?
Fun variety of kitchen goodies(prepping, and plating), interesting decor, decent furniture.
If that's not enough, wander back to the wines, pick out something new(and relatively cheap), then grab a tasty treat(My recent pick?
Crunchy Chocolate Hazelnut Spread.
Oh yes.).
I also enjoy getting the seasonal beer samplers for my beer snob of a boyfriend!
I will admit, some items are beyond my meager budget, but you can find a lot of steals, too(Sign up for the emails, like Nina O. said).

I just noticed that the address for World Market is for it's old location.
It is now at: 1700 Deming Way which is by Greenway Crossing.
My wife and daughter found this place years ago when they were in West Towne area.
I always thought it was some sort of dollar store because of the Cost Plus name.
Boy was I wrong.
We have found some fantastic and unique gifts here.
They also have some very good international food selections and a ton of wine for good prices.
They run some fantastic sales too.
Just for something different explore this store sometime.
There are other nice stores in the area too.

I love being able to come and get food from all over the world.
My husband is Australian and was so happy to find a good selection of Ginger Beer and Marmalade.
I love the gift wrapping and home decor section.
I just need to win the lottery now.

I know, I know.... Chaaaaaaaaaaaain!
But they have some of the best customer service in the biz.
Didn't have 8 of the stools I sought?
NBD.
They ordered them from another store because the central warehouse was going to take too long, and they gave me 15% off for the inconvenience.
Solid!

Well....hmmm....what to say?
First, think Pier One, extra large....  Lots of imports, soaps, incense, unique kitchen ware, over priced weird, yet funky and eclectic furniture....you know you want it, but it's uncomfortable and falls apart because of poor craftsmanship....oh, wait, sorry...it's an import....can't say that :P  lol  right?
I'm sorry, but this place is just over priced.
I think it must be because it is a convenient place located to high $$ wealthy neighborhoods and let's people go on a convenient "worldly" spending spree in an import Walmart.
Okay, that might be a bit harsh...no, checking....nope, not harsh.
Truth be told, it is a lot easier and more convenient to shop here than run around to the little independent import shops scattered around Madison.
So, in reality, this may be your only choice if you want to have something cool, semi-unique, and give yourself cache for that champagne brunch or exclusive dinner party  Better idea...IMHO...go out and tour the small farm towns, buy locally made cool arts and crafts!
Support our local struggling rural economy....
Hint:  This review may be TOTALLY biased, given I live in a little rural community and find the idea of grand-standing on mass-market import kitch second only in pain inducing earaches to chewing tinfoil while drinking lemonade :P

A more cost efficient version of Anthropologie?
Yes, please!
And there is, literally, a wall of haribo gummi.
You can't go wrong here.
Eclectic furniture, lamps, teas, foods, WINE, WINE, WINE, and all of the kitchen kitsch to make your heart go pitter patter.
For the bargain hunters who love color, birds, and snackies...this is the place for you.

