Good docs - young but nice and responsive to questions.
The office staff isn't the most pleasant.
The prices are reasonable and the facility is new - very nice.

For the most part, the staff and doctors at this hospital are exceptional (and the hours and facility are wonderful), with one very glaring exception, which is why I gave the rating that I did.
Dr. Janeen Smith should not be trusted to treat or diagnose any pet that you take to the Fitchburg Veterinary Hospital.
Being part owner of the clinic, it is very obvious to those that have made multiple visits to the clinic that she is more than willing to prescribe, test and treat just about anything, even if there is no evidence that your pet may be suffering from any of the ailments she suggests in an effort to raise the total bill that the clinic collects.
We have filed a complaint against her with the State Department of Safety and Professional Services in hopes that someone regulates her actions more closely.

We've taken our pets to Fitchburg Veterinary for years.
My dog has a lot of anxiety and fear when going to the vet (from a different vet) and Dr. Lukas and all the staff there always understanding and try to put him at ease.
We are always able to get in for an appointment quickly and the staff there is friendly and helpful.

Dr Lukas is the best.
She's very gentle and kind to my parrots.
It is hard to find an avian vet in Wisconsin and we are so thankful we found Erika.
Staff is wonderful and always kind.
The waiting room is always very clean and cozy.

We take both our dogs to FVH and have no complaints and have never had any problems.
We've found the staff and medical staff to all be competent and friendly and very responsive to questions.
I would (and have) recommend them to anyone looking for a good vet on the west side of Madison.

Wow.
Can I just say, wow?
There are so many good things out, so let's just list them....  1.
Fair prices.
Fantastic.
I have been overcharged by other vets.
I can get my dog seen, treated, medication and food for him for under $200.
Yup.
Just to let you know I have an English Bulldog, that is nearly unheard of.
Really nice staff.
They actually care and like dogs.
They have a smile, given him treats and some nice cuddles when we go in.
Great hours.
They are open until 9pm.
Yeah, I know.
So for those of us who can not run home, pick up our dog and then race to the vet before five, there is hope.
There is this place.
Yes, ok, it is a little out of the way.
However, they are great.
They are nice.
They are affordable.

I would never reccomnend that anyone bring their dog here.
Miki stayed here for 3 nights.
While she was here, she had a full wellness exam and her annual vaccines.
When I picked Miki up, I noticed that she had developed a cough.
She had developed kennel cough, even though she was vaccinated for it that weekend , and wasn't actually due until July.
The staff didn't say anything about it  when I picked her up on Tuesday (they were closed on Monday).
She smelled terrible.
I took her home and gave her a bath right  away.
During the next 2 days she maintained this cough.
I called the veteranarian side of the business and asked if they would perscribe something for her.
They said they would not prescribe with out seeing her.
I asked them if they would be charging for the visit, becuase Miki had developed the cough in their facility.
They rude girl who answered the phone told me I "didn't know that for a fact" and  told me they would in no way, waive the charge.
I asked for a manager.
She put me on hold for 20 min and never came back.
I emailed the business asking if Miki needed to be seen of if she needed an antibiotic.
They did not reply.The weekend passed.
Miki seemed in good spirits- the cough seemed like it was better during the day.
Monday night around 9PM  Miki suddenly stopped being playful.
She just wanted to be held and seemed sullen, she was very tired.I called the vet 1st thing in the morning.
The agreed to comp the visit because Miki got sick at their faciclity.
I took her in and they perscribed a cough suppresent and an antibiotic.
Theiy diagnosed her with Kennel cough.
They said they would do an xray to be sure she did not have pneumonia.
The x ray showed a collapsed trachea and what appeared to be a mass below her trachea.
They told me these issues were secondary to her cough.
I believed them.
I purchased the prescriptions and gave them to her right away.
She did not seem better after 3 hours.
I called the clinic.
They told me to wait 2 more hours and if she was not better to bring her in.
I waited.
She did not get better.
I called the clinic when I was on my way.
They told me they had other appts and seemed irritated that we were coming back.
They told me they would see her right away and do an ultrasound when we arrived.
We got to the clinic and the girl at the front desk handed us a pamphlet for the EVS  and told us to go there.
Why couldn't they have told me this on the phone?
My dog could barely breathe at this point, she was panting, and breathing very loud, and they turned her away.We drove to Middleton.
We went to the EVS, they rushed to her when we walked in, They took her to the back and put her on oxygen and gave her something to relax to because she was going into respitory arrest.
They came in and told us what we had feared.
Miki was not going to get better, she could barely breathe at this point.
We chose not to prolong her misery.
I picked up her ashes this week.
I am dissapointed in the way they treated Miki, who had stayed there several times before.
Why were they not concerned with her breathing during her stay, or after?
I would never recommend this business or the Vet clinic attached, to anyone.

