Very clean large rooms for cheap.
Super comfy bed and updated decor.
It's in a small business park so it's super quiet and the staff is quick and friendly.
It's a chain, but it does what it promises and provided a warm, worry free place to sleep.

Stayed here recently with a group of friends.
My room smelled badly of mold, so I asked to switch rooms.
At first they told me I couldn't because I had already used the room (I had set my suitcases in the room and gone to dinner), but then they gave me a new room.
The new one was poolside, and the light blocking curtain didn't cover entire window.
The pool lights stayed on all night, so our room was lit up all night.
This would be fine for a lot of people, but I am a light sleeper so they kept me up most of the night.
The pool area is very nice, they just need to work on their rooms.

It's a nice hotel for what it is.
Cheap!
Room was decent, had a clean shower and refrigerator.
Bed was soft.
What else could you ask for?

Room kinda small but nice..Speedy internet...Pool area well above average with hot tub,suana,and main pool with comfortable[ie: not cold] water..Buy one get one in lobby lounge,along with very tasty complimentary pizza..Continental breakfast and nice noon checkout time..All in all a very comfortable place,and the price IS right!

Only Negative event that happened to me:  I booked my hotel as my coworker stayed here for training.
I was able to RSVP my ride from the airport to the hotel.
Once I landed in Wisconsin I was waiting for the shuttle to come get me.
Well, it was 15 mins after so I decided to call my hotel.
Supposedly they tried calling me to tell me the shuttle was full and that I can either wait 40 mins or take a taxi in which they will pay for.
Well, obviously I am not able to answer my phone since its off during the flight nor did I get a voicemail.
Anyways, the hotel did pay for my taxi.
Hotel is decent.
You get what you paid for.
The staff were very friendly and helpful.
Hotel provides breakfast which is your usual bagels, bread, oatmeal, boiled egg etc, They also offer free drink cards during happy hour during the week and have free pizza for their guests during happy hour.
My hotel room was clean.
I did have an issue in trying to get the right temp in the room as I was either freezing or very hot but finally got it down LOL.
They do have a fitness center which is really small but hey I am not complaining.
I was able to place a reservation through the hotel's shuttle for a ride to the Cheese store.
Its an awesome perk that the shuttle will take you to a local business thats within a certain mile but you have to reserve your spot.
I did enjoy my stay here.

We were in Madison for a collegiate lacrosse tournament and simply needed a comfortable and inexpensive place to sleep.
We took advantage of a Hotwire Secret Deal that booked us at the Baymont Inn and Suites.
The hotel was located just off the highway on a quiet side street.
The staff were both friendly and helpful.
The room was very comfortable for the price - it was clean;  it had a fridge, microwave, and coffee maker; and the bed was comfortable - just what we needed for this short stay.
After we had dinner, we returned to the hotel and enjoyed a cocktail in the lounge with a basket of complimentary popcorn.
For this or a similar circumstance, I would stay here again.
It is a good value.

Not the greatest place ever.
has a pretty massive indoor pool which is great.
The beds aren't special, the TVs are old, and the breakfast is horrible.
It's not expensive so whatever, that's what you get.

Large clean room.
Booked through hotels.com about an hour before we arrived and got the best price.
Breakfast had a good variety.
Staff was friendly.

Pretty decent hotel.
Got a great rate through hotel.com and after nights of camping we wanted a shower and a bed.
The beds were comfortable, the pillows were super small though and there was not enough towels in the bathroom.
It was clean and served breakfast (not a very good breakfast, frozen waffles that you toast and the toasters were broken so there was a line for them).
Overall it was pretty good for the price, but nothing to rave about.

Don't stay here if you need to get sleep.
They rent rooms to groups of teenagers on outings... so there are rooms full of kids with no supervision (and no manners) running up and down the halls yelling all night.
I thought it was illegal for minors to rent a room without an adult... apparently not at this place.
I came here for EPIC training, and this was on the list of approved hotels.
I'm going to suggest that EPIC change that.
I got almost no sleep and I have to wake up at 6am, sit in class, and get on a plane... with no sleep.
Let your employer pay a little more and stay at a better hotel.

I am a frequent, frequent, frequent guest at this Baymont  My review is based on the value of the hotel.
For the price, not much better in the area.
Location is great.
West side of Madison, very safe area with plenty of restaurants and shopping; it basically borders Middleton.
The front desk staff turns over a lot, but typically are very, very good.
Housekeeping is only so-so, but it works.
The rooms are large, roomy and nice.
New TVs (digital) are good.
Some rooms have little refrigerators too.
The rooms are clean, which being a frequent traveler, is not always common.
This location has a bar in the evening which is a huge bonus.
Become a Wyndham Rewards member (free) and enjoy great Happy Hour deals.
The pool area is very nice.
There are groups of younger people at times, but a call to the front desk has security up to the troubled area in no time.
I suggest you give this location a chance.
I have enjoyed it for sure!

Drove here all day to get to the motel.
was really tired when arrived.
easy check in less then 2 min.
which was good then walked in my room.
which was really out dated and dirty.
I first found a used ear plug.
in between the bed and shelf that holds the phone and clock.
And blood stains  on the sheets.
so I went to target and got a blanket.
and kept telling my self just one night.
but then at 2am my leg was itching so I reached to itch it.
and found 3 bugs at the end of my bed.
and what the hotel offered me for my troubles was to switch into a suite room at 3 am.
I could have stayed in my suburban and slept much better.
.........................................
The manager asked for pictures today and said my room was ok 3 days latter when he checked it out will here they are Andy if you are any kind of manager you will see them

