Terrific all the way around.
Our sales person, Dan Brown, was absolutely great.
My previous new car buying experience was in large metro areas where you dealt only with scum at every dealership.
Madison dealerships of all brands are terrific.
People should appreciate how lucky they are here..   Dan was very knowledgeable and a great salesperson, he knew all the specifics about the competing models we were looking at and when it came down to price we already knew the invoice price and didn't have to haggle over a couple of hundred dollars.
Dan also told us how UW employees get an extra discount from Mazda because the U has a business relationship with them.

Usually I, like most people, only post comments about the my experiences as a consumer if the services/products I received was of poor quality.
However, in this case I must make an exception.
I have been bringing my Mazda 6 to Don Miller Mazda for a while now and have always received excellent service.
The quotes I have been given have always been accurate and fair, the technicians always act professionally, and the service manager is friendly, knowledgeable, and exceedingly patient which was evidenced on this one particular occasion.
I had brought my car in for a routine oil change and was waiting for the technician to finish when I overheard a conversation between the service manager and another customer.
Although I had not heard why the customer had brought in their car or had been repaired it was obvious from the customer's tone that they were not pleased with what the manager was telling them.
The customer was rather irate and accused the manager of overcharging them for a repair and insisted that the manager give them a lower price.
The manager then calmly explained to the customer the price they were being charged was what they were originally quoted and had agreed to pay previously.
This was clearly not what the customer wanted to hear and, like a spoiled child who was not getting what they wanted, the customer threw a tantrum befitting a two-year-old.
I myself could not believe that a grown adult would act so childishly, yelling at the manager and calling him names.
But what truly amazed me was the service manager's ability to remain professional and coolly explain to the customer that this was the price the customer had agreed to and that was final.
Well, once the customer realized that the service manager would not given in to their unreasonable demands, the customer begrudgingly agreed to pay the full amount.
I was so impressed with the way the service manager handled this customer and with all the service I have received from them you can be sure that I will continue to come back and would feel confident in recommending them to anyone.

Don Miller Mazda in Madison is a dealership interested in solely your money, and does not stand behind their products, which as far as their used inventory, is rubbish.
I purchased a used Mazda3 from this dealership.
I asked the salesman for one thing: a dependable used car.
He said this car was it.
It had a clean car fax, so had not been in a wreck, good records, one owner, the whole nine yards.
I drove the car, and it was great.
So I bought it, and it broke down in two weeks.
The same salesman (who is the sales manager said he would cover the problem under the warranty but it would cost me $200 (the entire expense was  a little over $300).
I told him I thought that was not very helpful, and that he  should stand behind a car I spent over 10K 2 weeks ago and had put gas in once.
He said that's what heppens with used cars (after saying just two weeks ago this was a dependable care BEFORE I bought it).
I told him I would write bad reviews about my experience and Craig said "Whatever" and walked off.
I also found out that the car had in fact been in a collision (while researching touching up paint here and there, and that the work done on the car was actually pretty awful.
I did not notice the streaks in the paint over the bondo work but it would have been obvious to their detail folks, who neither mentioned this or altered the information about the condition of the car, which has obviously been in a significant front end collision).
Within this two weeks, the car started making noise, which I understand is a failing bushing and is $200 or so, also not covered under the warranty.
I suppose I am just incredibly unlucky,  but I would speculate that their service department looked briefly at the car, cleared engine codes, ran it a little, and sold it after nothing happened immediately.
Buyer beware.

Ive owned a number of used mazdas throughout he years.
Been around this place since it opened - 2003 or so.
Being a dealership, the price is not cheap for anything.
But, if you can get past that-  they do a good job with parts and service.
Frank in the parts department is a cool guy.
Patrick in the service department is weird (but his boss seems ok).
At one point I looked at buying a used vehicle from them.
The salesman was not willing to budge from the advertised price, more than a couple hundred bucks.
I thought the vehicle was overpriced.
We didn't make a deal.
That was 5+ years ago, but still leaves kind of a bad taste in my mouth.
Liked that car a lot.

