Grade: C  Chain food.
Okay service.
I can't explain why I don't hate this place.

This is one of my personal favorites....super-busy on friday nights....but they have  a very lively atmosphere.
It always perks me up if I am feeling low.
You can never walk out without getting the following 2 things: 1) Shanghai wings...yummmmm 2) Molten Chocolate cake....yummmmmmmmmmmm

I agree with Patrick T.  I should hate to eat here but I don't.
It's actually not a bad place to get some food.
Service is always above average.

Not offensively bad, but there are too many good restaurants in Madison to waste your time on a mediocre at best chain like Chili's.
Better restaurants on the West Side.
Heck, better restaurants at the same mall: If you're considering Chili's, go to Granite City instead.
It's also unforgivable (well, almost...I'll expand on this when I review the Dane) to be a bar and grill with lousy fries.

I am normally not a big fan of chain locations like this.
I came here based on my friends votes.
But the food was tolerable and the service was friendly enough.
So nothing to complain about, but nothing to brag about either.

I have had some good food here but a few years back they went downhill in quality especially noticeable in their burgers.
So I pointed it out to management and they gave me some bs about how I must have just hit a bad day or something and no apology or compensation for a disappointing meal.
Anyway, I haven't been back in years but recently stopped in for a burger and the menu was changed and the burger I ordered was enormous and quite good.
Not sure yet about the other burgers but it looks like they have corrected some things.
Service was a little slow but ok.   Food took a little while but finally arrived after say 15 min?
I'd rather wait 15 for properly prepared food than get something quick and not properly prepared.
Everything was super hot.
Yum!
They have some techno gadget on the table that serves as a sort of menu/gamebox/call for order thing.
I just pushed it aside.
Does anyone know what this is all about?
I thought it was kind of weird.

Chili's....it is what it is, and my review reflects this....  We typically come here at least 3 or 4 times a year, at least one time being for a birthday party and ribs.
They have ALWAYS treated us well, the food is decent, service is friendly, the the Chili's experience is perfect for a fun, bit loud, and silly birthday party.
The staff are fun, and oh-so-patient.
Hint...free brownie-ice cream treat on birthdays and with movie ticket stubs.
DANGER...sweet but, hard to resist.
The other times we're here it's for lunch during errands.
We usually sit at a hi-top in the bar to avoid the wait.
The waits can be long during peak periods but, they handle them well.
It's a fun place to watch games, good visibility of televisions in the bar and they're really nice about switching channels.
I've always had decent service here, too.
The food...the food is Chili's.
It's not fine dining, and not meant to be.
It's a hell of a lot better than Perkins or Red Robin.
They do a nice Tex-Mex/American blend menu, with a lot of good healthy choice options.
They're also not afraid to do tangy, hot, and flavorful.
If you can't find something you like on the huge menu, you're just too darn picky and don't go out to eat with me.
My only complaint is the place can be dirty.
To be fair, that's a bit inevitable with such a popular and busy location.
The staff do run around cleaning and are attentive but, on more than one occasion, I've had a dirty booth or table.
So, for that, 4 of 5 stars.
I'd give them 4.5 if it was an option.

On the night we ate they ended up seating us in an area that seemed to double as an employee lounge.
They had waitresses counting out tips, setting silverware, being loud having personal conversations etc..
If it was just a minute or two I wouldn't have said anything, but since it was getting later in the evening it just wound up getting worse.
I would have given a two star except the food and drinks were pretty good and the manager gave us a free desert and moved us to the bar when brought to his attention.
The only reason I will be going back is because the manager handled the situation perfectly.

SLOW service even though the place was dead (no longer wondering why!
) Waited 7 minutes to be seated and although the food is good the service leaves ALOT to be desired!

Well that was one of the worst meals I've had in a long time.
We asked to have our son's food first so we could feed our 1 yr old and everything came out at once in under 5 minutes.
The food was sub par at best, the "crispy chicken" was more soggy then my pasta and half of her dish was ice cold and the corn on the cob was raw.
And my dish was better served out of a buffet.
It might not have been so dry and tasteless if the food was not cooked this morning .
My wife's drink originally came with something floating in it.
Even though it was a Saturday evening it was still early, we saw the bus boy at our table more often than our waiter.
It has been some time since our last visit to a Chili's and the only reason we went there tonight was because we had a gift card.
I think it will be some time before we'll feel brave enough to try them again.

LOVE Chili's!
The wait staff --everyone there is fantastic!
Talk about superb customer service-WOW, they ROCK!
The food is delicious!
Ample servings, served hot and so very flavorful!
My hat is off to the chef there to a job well done!
The best part, it's affordable.
What a great place to go for lunch, with friends or your family.
Very kid friendly, which is important to us!
Fabulous restaurant!

Went there today and the waitress was beyond rude.
Another waitress came over and gave us chips and salsa.
Our group thought chips and salsa came with the meal, so we started eating then.
Our waitress then asked who was going to pay for the chips they gave to us.... We refused to pay that was not our mistake.
The waitress then asked us 3 different times how we are going to pay for 8 of us.
We asked every time to please separate the bills.
She not only rolled her eyes, but she said "okay then..." in a rude tone.
I would not go back to this particular location.
We also had to asked 3 times for waters and the drinks that we ordered.
Finally the manger came over to help.
The only thing that evened out the trip was the fact the food was actually good....

My wife and I go here pretty regularly.
Sure its a large chain restaurant, but their Steak Fajitas and Queso are always great and the quality is pretty reliable.
I've always had good luck with the service as well.

My family and I were seated immediately, but that was the only timely thing that happened.
After seating us and being greeted by the waiter, fifteen minutes went by before we saw him again to order our drinks.
The entire night the service was terrible; the waiter only stopping by to drop off our drinks and food.
Our dinner took an additional thirty minutes after the drinks came.
We got our appetizer after dinner (still paid for it though).
One of my friends was seated near us, after we arrived, but got their food and finished it before we even got ours.
With no apologies or explanations, I'm left thinking this is the norm and have no desire to go back to find out.

