Service is incredibly substandard.
One would say reliably awful if you needed any assistance on the sales floor.
Shop online is the best option instead of dealing with a sales associate that is very obvious that he doesn't give a hoot.

Had a good experience here even tho they didn't have what I was looking for (it was a specialized item, so I wasn't that offput by that).
I wandered in and looked around for a minute or two before a staff member checked on me, so I'd say that it was prompt assistance without being pushy and they were pretty friendly too.
I'd go back anytime.
Thanks, guys!

Well as you can see, I am a regular here haha!
I don't care what that makes me...
I'm a tech nerd and proud!
This best buy is one of the better ones, I think.
There is always someone within 5 feet to help you and they bug you for about the first 10 minutes then you are free to browse!
I like the set up of this particular location as well for some reason.
I don't know what it is about other best buys but this one just seems to flow better.
yeah they change stuff around sometimes where you can't find stuff where it was last but that happens.
The bathrooms are always kept clean and merchandise is always plentiful and neatly organized.
There are times when they don't have a lot of cashiers which is odd to me because this best buy is never slow...
It is always busy.

Came in to buy a mac book pro.
I've done a lot of research on which one I wanted, so I knew what I wanted to buy.
I stood at the apple counter in the middle of the computer department and wasn't able to get any help.
I've been to this location plenty times before and its fine if I am just grabbing something I need and go.
But if you are actually needing to wait for an associate, you have to walk around and try to hunt down someone.
Giving an extra star because the guy that actually helped us was very friendly.

I hesitated to write this review, but after the past 3 weeks of run-around, all due to Best Buy, I had to share my tale and caution others to go elsewhere to upgrade their cell phone.
I've purchased many, many things from Best Buy; I'm going to focus on my experience with their cellular/mobile electronics section.
My iPhone 4 was in need of an upgrade; Best Buy had the iPhone 5 on sale for $50 less than anyone else.
As fate would have it, they even had a few in stock, so I zipped over to Best Buy on 12/26 to upgrade my phone.
I made it abundantly clear to the gentleman who "helped" me that I didn't want to change anything on my service.
All that I wanted was to upgrade the phone, renew my contract with AT&T (ugh, ick, horrible - like dealing with the devil), and keep everything exactly the same as it was.
He was extremely casual about the event - too casual, in fact, as he spent the majority of his time texting someone from his own phone.
He went about setting up the new phone, clicked away with his mouse, and at every opportunity was using his own phone to text someone.
He proclaimed the new phone was set-up, and that I'd get a "welcome" e-mail from AT&T.
I asked if I could confirm that my account was left "as is" - he said that he didn't have any way to provide it to me, other than by e-mail.
I asked directly if my call plan, data plan, text plan, and discount were still in-tact, and he said, "Yeah, man - don't worry, it's all there.
"  I left with my new iPhone 5, and went about my business.
5 days later, I received a text notice from AT&T stating that I had exceeded more than $100 in texting fees.
"Impossible!
" I proclaimed, "I have unlimited texting!
"  Then it dawned on me that I never received the e-mail as promised from the distracted gentleman who assisted me at BB.
I drove over to the AT&T store on the West Side and inquired about my plan.
The person who assisted me there indicated that Best Buy had not carried over my unlimited texting plan.
He also indicated that Best Buy had dropped my voice plan to a lower level plan.
The AT&T store corrected these items and I went on my way.
Fast forward a few weeks, and I realized that I wasn't receiving any visual voicemail services.
iPhone users know what I'm talking about - the little push notifications that show as "badges" when you have an unheard voicemail.
I went back to the AT&T store and asked them to check on the issue.
Once again, Best Buy was the culprit - they had dropped visual voicemail service from my plan at the time of the upgrade.
They clearly showed me on the screen that the changes had taken place on 12/26 - the same day that I upgraded my phone with Best Buy.
The final straw came when I received my bill, and noticed that my affiliation discount was missing.
I called AT&T, and guess what?
The discount was dropped on 12/26.
So... if you need to upgrade your phone, I'd urge you to do it elsewhere.
In talking with the AT&T store staff, they all shared horror stories from Best Buy customers.
One person at the west side store said, "We spend a disproportionate amount of our time fixing problems initiated by Best Buy.
"  Best Buy = 0 stars - FAIL

I've been to this location many times and have always been pleased.
Never had to wait an inordinate amount of time for service and have always had good, helpful and polite service.
We have used Geek Squad, purchased lap tops, TVs and phones.
At all  times walked away with a good impression.

Tried to call to set up a Geek Squad appointment (new policy).and the idiot gatekeeper at customer service hung up on me or put me on hold then hung up FIVE TIMES, then transferred me to Kentucky or somewhere to actually do what I wanted.
FU BESTBUY!
Since you aren't providing customer service,fix your crappy parking lot.

I experienced pretty horrendous customer service at this location.
I wanted to get a TomTom gps system, and "open box" one that was the display product at a discounted price.
The tag on the display one said it came with all accessories and the whole sheebang.
The employee helping me said he would find someone to take down the display one for me.
He came back and said no one was available to take it down so I could pay for it and they would email me when it was ready to be picked up.
So the next day I go back to pick it up, after getting an email, and it wasnt ready.
I waited at the customer service desk for almost 30 minutes while it was being taken off the display.
When it was finally brought to us, all of the accessories were missing.
Tons of walkie talkie calls later, and no one knew where they were.
Eventually someone brought me a charger and a car mount from other products.
No manual to be found, they printed one out for me and said "I probably messed this up, so just print it at home if pages are missing" REALLY?!
When I got home and opened the printed out manuel, it gave a list of all the accessories supposed to come with it, and some were missing.
Horrible experience.
Too much of a hassle.
None of the employees knew how to handle this situation.

There are really nice people working here but as I have found with most Best Buy 's there just is never enough people working.
The vendors are helpful but obviously very bias toward their products.
If you go do your research online first or better yet do in store pick up so an opinion doesn't sway what you want.
I find online reviews to be much more useful than most of the reviews from their workforce.

Best buy on the west side of madison has a serious problem with the quality of the pavement for their parking lot.
Every lane has a pothole the is at least 2 feet wide.
Also I thought that the staff not knowing what the internet sale was pretty sad.

