Disgusting.
I am a licensed esthetician and have also worked as a licensed nail tech and I was completely freaked out by my pedicure at this "spa" Nevermind the fact I left with polish on my skin & uneven nails, nevermind the fact my pedicurist kept stopping my service to turn up the volume of the TV.
I was cut by my technician and  I believe they are reusing pedicure slippers & toe seperators (there is a basket not trash can next to the drying stations and the bottoms of the slippers were incredibly dirty for the 5 steps I took.
They are either reusing or their floors are fithly) and are not cleaning their instruments to code.
Literally went home took off the polish, washed my feet, put on anti-fungal cream , antiseptic & repolished my toes.
I have reported this nail salon to the state boards.
GROSS!

Ugh.
That was truly awful.
I'll upload a picture of my manicure.
It was not a clean location, and the technician kept looking over his shoulder to watch the TV.
He was really nice, but I left with uneven nails, horrible cuticles, and a very sloppy manicure.
Never never again.

NEVER AGAIN!
I used to go here semi-frequently due to the convenience of it being in West Towne Mall.
I was up visiting this weekend and needed a quick pedicure.
Worst mistake ever.
I didn't realize the man had gauged a chunk of skin on my big toe and it was bleeding everywhere until my mom said something later.
I went back asking for a refund since they injured me (I am praying I don't get an infection-- ick), the only way they would refund my money is if they took the polish off, no apology or anything-- acted like they DIDN'T CARE.
Chemicals near an open wound?
Um, I think not....  And, I usually don't hold this against nail salons but their English sucks.
Edited 12/11/13- I now have an ingrown toe nail thanks to the super short clip job I received.....Currently working on filing a formal complaint to the state as my credit card company has ruled in their favor in regards to the dispute.
DON'T GO HERE.

This review might be a little late but 2 years ago I got a pedicure there.
I picked a color from the large selection and when it was done it had a green, purple and white flower on the big toes, I asked why they were there and the woman doing my nails said It's a special for kids (I was 11).
Luckily I liked the flower.

I honestly have to say that I had one of my first and last, worse service/experience ever received.
I went to this place on (04/11/14) with a open mind and thought my money would be worth it but no I was disappointed and incorrectly wrong.
(SIGH) The front desk lady appointed me to a male "nail-tech", after I specifically asked if they can make my nails look exactly like the photo from my phone I showed them before I even decided on sitting down and letting the "nail-tech" person start working on my nails.
She took one look at the photo and nodded "yes" (note: the photo was a simple squoval shaped light pink shiny colored nail design).
Sat down and he asked "if I was going out tonight?
And what kind of nails would I like, acrylic or gel?
" I answered "no just staying in because of the rainy weather and I'll like to try acrylic".. and so he begin his work.
Well I have to say he did not start off CORRECTLY.
I asked him if he knew what he was doing and he said "yes" and so I decided to see what else will happen next.
(Note: that was my first time ever getting acrylic nails done and yes I am a newbie to the whole gel and acrylics).
The whole process took about 1 hour and 20 minutes.
He had me pay him before he was even all finished with his job.
(Like seriously)?
Well after much research from actual professionals in the beauty field that male nail-tech was definitely not a professional.
So please I'm warning everyone who are planning to go to this nail spa in the near future or so, Not to bother taking a look.
TURN YOUR HEAD AWAY and go to a professional manicure and pedicure spa.
Oh yes almost forgot to mention that the male nail tech put on some unfitted square nail shape on my nails and did not file it to a squoval shape as I requested.

