Best dealership I didn't buy a car from (just decided I didn't like any of the current Toyota or Scion models).
But, I did sit through the process while my parents bought their Prius.
I was surprised at how low pressure the test drives were.
I asked to take a car out without a sales guy (I'm not a good enough driver to listen to a pitch and drive safely at the same time) and there was no problem.
Definitely ask for Andy Kaiser.
He was a good sales guy to work with but what I really appreciated was how much he wanted to make sure that you loved your new car.
It was clear he realized that this was a lot of money and wanted to make sure that you were really excited about the sale.
He was willing to spend a lot of time going over features and quirks of the car.
It was a nice touch, his enthusiasm is contagious.

Updating my previous review:  The used Scion of my dreams popped up on Smart's website so I immediately forgot about buying new.
Andy was fantastic.
He held the car for me and made the sales process incredibly easy.
It helped that I had been shopping for a while but the car showed up on the website on a Friday, was available to test drive on a Tuesday, and I finished the paperwork on Thursday (Wednesday is Andy's day off).
He was great to work with.
Still extremely low pressure and really helpful.
I was also impressed by how low-pressure F&I was at Smart.
I said no to every option (extended warranty, gap, coatings and such) and it was not a problem.
The entire purchasing process was actually kinda pleasant.
I'll still probably drive this car for 10-15 years so it's a moot point, but it's nice to have vaguely warm, fuzzy memories of the process.
Short version:  Smart = good.
Andy Kaiser = good.
Funny looking Scions = awesome.

Take 3.
For three different and equally sucky reasons, I've had my car in to Smart's Body Shop over in Middleton twice now.
Once, I'll admit, was my fault but hail and jerkfaces who back into your car and don't leave notes are beyond my powers.
Each time they were great.
They work directly with State Farm so all I had to do was pay my deductible and agree to the repairs, they handled everything else.
The second time I was out of town for work and they actually held my car for a few extra days so I didn't have the hassle of getting someone else to pick it up for me.
Hopefully I won't have to use them again but I will should any rouge hailstones beat my poor car up again.

I visited the Smart Motors service department after purchasing a madison perks deal for a car detailing.
While my car wasn't ready when promised, the service was very friendly, and the waiting area was full of treats.
I find that an ice cream sandwich makes waiting a lot easier.
I cannot speak to their regular pricing and value, but I was happy with my detailing service and the price I received as a promotion.

I recommend Rodney Potter.
He is honest and upfront.
Call him for your car buying needs.
I called from california and he made me two deals right over the phone!!
Thanks Rodney your the best!

Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.

My husband and I recently bought a Prius from Smart Motors.
I wanted to wait until I have been a couple of times before a I reviewed them, so I've been back several times.
Their waiting space is ridiculous.
There is food, beverages, for free and cable while you wait in comfy chairs.
The people who work here are super friendly.
The Toyota warranty is fabulous, so I have no complaints.

I recently went in for a routine oil change on a very snowy day.
It was a last-minute decision, and I was pleasantly surprised to find that I could schedule my appointment online (which is nice when you're in the middle of a meeting).
As soon as I pulled into the garage and stepped out of my car, someone promptly came over to sign me in; I didn't wait long to be helped.
The whole process was quick and painless, and they didn't keep me any longer than they had to.
Plus, the waiting area has free cookies and coffee!

I bought a brand new Toyota Prius here for sticker price in 2007.
As I was driving it home from the lot the right front hub cap fell off the wheel and the car behind me ran it over and shattered it.
When I got home I tightened the remaining 3 and found all of them loose.
I called Smart Motors and they said it was not covered under warranty as it was 'reckless driving' (at the time that it fell off I was making a turn at 15 mph).
I tried talking to several people here including my salesman and none were receptive.
They all said I could bring it in and be charged for the labor and part but would not put a new hub cap on my car for free (A $15 part for them on a $28k sale!!).
I am very disappointed in their service and will never buy another car from here nor recommend this dealer to anyone.
They also told me I qualified for 1% interest as part of a incentive they were running.
Then when I got my bills they were at 6.5% and again- there was nothing they could do.
Toyota Financing also kept sending me bills after the loan was fully paid for and refused to send me an amortization schedule.
I still do not know if I overpaid.
Needless to say, my experience with this dealership and Toyota (including all the recalls on this car, which is a whole other story) have been less than glamorous.
I will be buying a low MPG vehicle from another manufacturer besides Toyota next time- someone who stands behind their cars.

I leased a Scion from them for three years and had a great experience with the leasing process, and normal maintenance throughout the three years of the lease.
My lease recently ended and really it is in the end of the lease experience that they earned the fifth star.
My salesperson Rodney and his superiors were incredibly helpful in helping me figure out the best options for me when it came to returning the car.
They even continued to be helpful when I told them I was hoping to trade it in for a car from a different dealership - definitely not something I ever expected from a car salesman.

We just purchased a car from Smart Motors - so far the car has been terrific, but since it hasn't been very long at all this review is just for the overall experience there.
I'll update later once we've had the car a while.
Our other experiences with dealers in the area had not been great, in fact they'd been exactly what people expect from dealers.
Pushy, rude, condescending and in a hurry to make a sale.
We were going to major dealers, not used car lots.
This was not our experience at Smart.
Every single person we had an interaction with was at minimum polite, professional, and eager to make sure we had a great experience.
Our salesman was Royce and he was friendly and knowledgeable, patient with our questions, and professional without acting like he was in a hurry to close the sale so he could start on the next one.
We came in with approved financing from our bank, but ended up going with Toyota's financing because their 1.9% apr was pretty tough to beat.
Justin processed that, was efficient and friendly, and seemed happy to chat and answer questions as they came up.
While it was clear that they take the business of selling cars seriously, it's also clear that their company culture is to make sure they have happy employees.
Any good company recognizes that happy employees always mean better customer experiences.
Prior to this, we'd been to their competitors (I'll leave them unnamed, but you'll find their review with my others) who had advised us against going to Smart... and those employees all seemed irritable and stressed.

Very happy with the service.
Staff very friendly!
It's close to my work which makes it great

They are no worse than any other car dealership, and much better than Lancaster Toyota, where the service department always treated my wife like she knew nothing about cars.
I have had largely good experiences with my service here.
The staff are generally courteous, and the waiting area is very comfortable.
However, sometimes the communication between the service managers and the customer could be improved.
Until some innovator is able to disrupt the auto dealership model and free us from its tyranny, you may as well go here.

