Good clean store with quality professional employees.
Not the best deals in town, or the best quality but a good mixture of higher quality and good value.
And most importantly............wait for it...........wait for it.............its close to my house.

This store has a very unclean produce department.
The zucchini, yellow squash, loose potatoes and egg plant are displayed in black trays that are literally dripping with brown slime.
There was a rotten and moldy zucchini right on top of the rest of the squash.
I asked to speak with the produce manager but he was gone already so I showed the female employee, working on a display of bananas, the trays.
She simply said, "Yea, I see it," and walked away.
She didn't remove the rotten zucchini or make an attempt to say that the trays were indeed gross and needed to be steam cleaned.
It was so gross that I left before even buying the tea that I had in my hand.
It was totally disgusting thinking of the bacteria that the vegetables were laying in.
Needless to say I certainly will not be shopping at Safeway.
If I could it would be NO stars for this store.

This is my first Yelp review.
This safeway has a sign on the rotisserie chicken area saying basically from 11-8 it is guaranteed or free.
Seeing no chicken this afternoon, I decided to ask for a free one.
I was basically lied to at that point, told by one employee it was 4-8, another said 3-7 & they don't do that anymore.
Even the assistant manager tried weaseling out of it.
I started getting excuses about how the gas was out & they couldn't give me a free chicken.
All this to defend against giving one free chicken as advertised from a major grocer.
I finally took the assistant manager & another employee right to the sign so they could not continue to lie to me about it.
Reluctantly, they sighed & seemed very disappointed when they finally did agree to issue me a rain check for 1 free rotisserie chicken.
I don't even like eating meat, preferring to eat vegan, but I do have two big dogs that will appreciate a little snack.

