I took my wedding dress here to be altered and I thought the lady did a great job.
My matron of honor also took her dress here and no problems.
That was over a year ago, so who knows in a year the quality in work and customer service could have gone down.
Sorry to c.b.
who didn't have such a great experience with the staff or the work done.

If you actually go by the term "A-OK" that goes along with 3 stars on the Yelp rating system, then Alterations... is just that.
I give them a fair amount of regular business for both dry cleaning and tailoring (hey, I'm a 23 year old, trying to look like a 23 year old, in a 12 year old's body).
The actual work done is good and very standardized.
For example: I wanted a shirt taken in; it was done, and done well, but when I showed up a few hours earlier than what was listed on my ticket, they turned me away...(?
)  I would recommend interfacing with the men as opposed to the women (I just feel like their customer service is less rigid, more my stilo).

I went here to get a pair jeans shortened.
Not the biggest of tasks.
Not only was the woman working there not very polite, but they took a week for the alterations.
That seems like a pretty long time just to alter one pair of jeans.

I have taken multiple items here to have repaired, and they haven't ever let me down.
Don't read into the negative reviews, this place does the job correct.

This place is too pricey for dry cleaning - and I am never sure what I am going to end up paying.
Usually, 4 items (a mix between dress shirts, slacks, basic dresses) costs around $20 - $25 and has a three or four day turn around period.
I've also used their tailoring services to get a pair of pants hemmed and was disappointed in the outcome - they were still too long.
The main selling point on this place was the location, it really is the only dry cleaners downtown.
And the cute dog is fun to pet.
But, I've recently discovered another cleaners uptown who charges less than half and will have it ready for me the same day - that's worth a drive!

Love to support downtown area businesses but the ladies attitude who owns the place is caustic.
Too many other choices.

Actually this place does a great job at dry cleaning and tailoring, and you can't beat the location.
They are a bit overpriced, which adds up if you have a lot of dry cleaning.
My biggest complaint is that somehow, every time I go in - no matter who is working and no matter what I'm asking for - I get a boatload of attitude.
I'm assuming it's a family-run operation, so maybe rudeness runs in this family?
It's seriously so over the top it's ridiculous.
Once i dropped by at 5:50 (they close at 6) and I got yelled at because the store was closed.
Really?
Lock the door if you're closed!
I'm taking my business elsewhere.

Went to pick up my dry cleaning and was told that the delivery with my clothes had not arrived yet.
The lady in the back acted as if I had been arguing with her when she said "there is nothing I can do sir!
" I said, "no problem, I'll come back tomorrow.
" I then came back that next evening where they accidentally included someone else's clothes with my order, which I didn't notice until I had already arrived at home.
I called to notify them and the same lady scolded me a bit by saying "Well...that's why we ask you to check your order so that doesn't happen!
" ....So now you expect your customers to be your quality control!
Seems to me that the employees should check to make sure they are not making mistakes...not the customer.
It didn't help that the girl behind the counter (literally 12 inches away from me) was texting  and made me wait for a second to finish her thought before even acknowledging me!

This place is truly talented!!
I brought in a torn jacket that was slated as irreparable by another alteration shop in Mesa.
To my surprise, the kind lady inspected the jacket and indicated that it was going to take a few days but they were able to fix it.
After a week, I came in today to pick it up and was beyond impressed that the jacket looked like it had never experienced damage.
Not only were they able to salvage a personal favorite item of mine, they've earned a new dry cleaning customer!
I highly recommend this place for any or all alterations and dry cleaning needs!
Thank you for everything!!
-Landrow

Kind of a lame dry cleaner.
I dropped off some clothing that I suspect was only pressed, rather than cleaned and pressed.
Additionally, their turn-around times are not very fast.

Thank God for this place.
Another downtown store wouldn't help me with same day alteration.
This place did and saved me!

