So much better than other Southwest locations *cough Salt Lake City* It is conveniently located near bathrooms, Starbizzle, magazines and some fast foodie options.
Our flight attendants were hilarious and good natured.
The best part was after the pilots came down and one of the female attendants simply said "We're here.
" (no @#$# )... that got some laughs.
I have such a love hate relationship with Southwest but at Sky Harbor we had no issues with checking in our luggage within a reasonable waiting period, no luggage was lost, and had a comfortable flight.
To be continued on our second Arizona UYE (yes the plus one and  I are coming back... and you @#$#@&$ better come with us!!

I fly a decent amount of flights per year and let me tell you... Southwest Phoenix to San Diego never fails to have a delay... Today takes the cake though.
First I paid extra or "Early Bird" check in.
Well it's kindof pointless when they decide to pre-board this random group of people from some other displaced flight.
Once on the plane already running 45 minutes behind they re-open the cabin doors because they need to board three flight attendants that are jumping to San Diego... Well we have been sitting here for about 20 minutes now and only two of the flight attendants have arrived.
Delays due to bad weather or mechanical issues are one thing, but now you are delaying over 100 people so you can move one flight attendant to a different airport.
Completely disappointing.
I think I'm going to start using a different airline for my Phoenix trips.

I had a layover here, and the Southwest gate is really close to Nathan's Hot Dogs and Pizza Hut, along with restrooms.
There is a lot of layovers in Phoenix, especially for flights heading to and from the Atlantic coast.
I'm giving this particular Southwest 3 stars because I found some of the employees to be rude when I was inquiring about a flight that was running an hour late without any announcements -- how was I suppose to know the flight was being delayed if the boarding time had not changed on the screen?
Southwest is still a great airline, but the service could be better here.

If you have to travel to Phoenix (Yay!
) then chances are you have to travel through Sky Harbor (Boo!).
There's also a decent chance you'll consider traveling on Southwest (Boo!
) but as airlines (Boo!
) in Sky Harbor (Boo!
) go, you can do worse than Southwest.
I'm not a huge fan of Southwest, although I'll give credit where credit is due, and that bags fly free thing is genius.
Combine one of my least favorite carriers with what is probably my least favorite airport and you've got a recipe for disaster, but somehow it works out in Southwest's benefit.
The gates are just as hard to reach for SWest as other carriers, and you're not banished to the edge of the universe for check-in or for baggage claim.
They've got a decent presence here, so you may actually find a human who can help should you have a problem.
Yes, they may leave you stranded on the runway for a while in 100 degree plus weather (check) or force you to dash across the airport with late arriving flights (check) but every once in a while it's a painless operation.

After racking up a million miles on 2 different majors, I never thought I'd enjoy Southwest.
It's a little bit like going to a human zoo.
Everything is different from the boarding process to baggage fees and even how tickets are sold (no Expedia).
I love their flexibility and though they aren't 100% there for business travel, they do a wonderful job for short hauls.

I wouldn't fly Southwest Airlines if they were the last airline on the planet.
Period.
I hope Yelp allows me to post this review with no stars because that's what they deserve.
Southwest committed THE cardinal airline sin: they abandoned a traveller who was, literally, thousands of miles from home.
Southwest has the only non-stop between Phoenix and Manchester, NH.
After making my reservation and paying an extra charge on top of the airfare, I was allowed to board before other passengers.
The Gate Agent entered the aircraft and sat down next to me.
After about 5 seconds, she asked me to follow her off the aircraft.
I was informed that my reservation, for which I'd already paid, would NOT be honored.
I was deemed a "Person of Size" and it was her decision that I needed to buy a second seat.
Oh, BTW, there are no more seats on this flight (the ONLY non-stop to New Hampshire).
No, you can't fly another airline because we don't "code share.
" Your credit card will be refunded in 2-3 weeks.
Southwest stranded me 2000 miles from my (at that time) home.
Later, after flying home on another airline, I checked Southwest's website.
There was no mention of "Person(s) of Size", the need to buy a second ticket, or the Gate Attendant is the sole arbiter in this matter.
Basically if you're more than 30-40 lbs over your ideal weight, you will be subject to this policy.
I hope your credit card isn't maxed out.
Subsequently, whenever the topic of airlines comes up, I tell everyone within earshot of this experience.
I was a business owner.
I forbade my people from flying on Southwest.
Yeah, they flew my bags for free; but they wouldn't let ME on the plane.
How useful is that?
Now, I'm retired.
When I need to return to New Hampshire from Arizona (roughly every other month) I fly US Air.

Normally, I would give Southwest a five.
I have flown on every major airline and several not so major ones and Southwest always comes through.
The flight attendants are friendly and creative.
The seats are usually comfortable and have plenty of leg room.
Waiting in line is never an issue and the boarding process is quick and efficient.
But the last flight I had was atrocious and it was all because of the service.
12/26/2011: Flight 944 from Austin, Texas to Phoenix, Arizona.
The attendant who was covering the middle of the plain was not having a good day and she decided to take it out on the passengers.
She completely skipped over my row which perhaps might have been because everyone else was already fast asleep, but I had been patiently waiting to order a drink.
She looked me directly in the eye and kept walking.
I thought perhaps her machine wasn't working properly and that she would be back to take my order but she never returned.
Next, the handing out of roasted peanuts and crackers, which are not always the most delicious of treats but I had been trying to save money and not eat at the airport and was looking forward to a snack.
Once again, the attendant skipped over my row.
I waved my hand this time to get her attention but she never looked up from the basket of peanuts.
Finally, the drinks were delivered and when she came to my row, I asked her nicely if I could order a drink and have a bag of peanuts.
She glared at me and asked what I wanted in an impatient tone.
I ordered ginger ale and she brought it a few minutes later.
She didn't bring the peanuts and she didn't look at me or acknowledge the fact that I thanked her for her trouble.
I thought maybe she couldn't handle a tray of drinks and peanuts at the same time so I waited to see if she would bring them separately.
I waited a half hour.
Looking around, everyone had gotten their drinks.
For the first time ever, I pressed the flight attendant button.
A few minutes later, she came over.
I asked if I could have a snack and that my row had been skipped earlier.
She huffed and told me that I would get my snack in a condescending tone that made me feel like I was being impatient.
I learned from their announcements that all the attendants were from Dallas.
The flight I was on had come from Dallas which meant that my unfriendly stewardess had barely started her shift.
I tried to think why she might be in a such a bad mood, either from having to work the day after Christmas or perhaps she got into a fight before she left or maybe it was because she got stuck with a night shift and the lines on her face suggested she may be getting too old for night shifts.
At the end of the flight, as I disembarked, I nodded at her to see what kind of reaction I got.
She squinted at me and said "bye" in a short and abrupt way.
I couldn't help but notice that her tone of voice had been much softer toward the other guests and she had said things like "come and see us again," or "thank you, have a nice evening.
" I'm not sure why she had beef with me but I have never had such horrible service.

Flew Southwest Airlines two times before between Phoenix and LAX and once to Austin.
Both flights from Phoenix to LAX were delayed one hour.
Fortunately I usually plan for this sort of thing so I was OK with connecting to my international flight at LAX, but I'm sure others weren't so lucky.
Plus, on the flight to Austin one of the flight attendants sang country songs and told inappropriate jokes about men and her husband over the loudspeaker for about 10 minutes-15 minutes.
Some of the more "goofy" passengers actually seemed to enjoy "the show.
" But I prefer my airlines to stick to air travel and not comedy or music.
Plus, what about those people that want to get some sleep or read?
Why would they want to be subjected to this juvenile  krap?
Plus you can't select your seat before the flight.
You have to stand in line like cattle at the gate in "boarding groups" and then when your group is called to board fight off others to get a good seat.
I'm a big guy so I usually win, but what about the little people?!
LOL.
Plus, I don't like the stress of knowing I'm gonna have to do battle with others to get a decent seat.
For these reasons I haven't flown Southwest since 2008 and have only flown US Airways domestically.

There is nothing fancy about southwest, but there's not much wrong with it either.
On my last flight my only complaint is that the air was not turned on in the plane while we were sitting there waiting for it to take off.
You are able to check two bags and take a carry on.
You get a drink and a snack on your trip although you get the snack before the drink for some reason.
The price is always right.

On Saturday 24MAR12 @ 1:30AM I checked in online for my flight that morning, and went to bed.
I was sick and out of it, and was glad I could sleep in since my flight (which I thought was at noon but I saw was 1:10 on the itinerary) so I slept in.
That morning I got to the Southwest checkin counter and was shocked to see my connection was at 1:10 -- my flight was at 12:10, literally in Iike 20 minutes.
I crawled up and surrendered hopelessly, expecting due reprimand, scolding and punishment.
But the agent at the desk said with an encouraging smile "I think if you run you can make it!".
So off I ran.
Just as I got to the gate they were boarding.
Another airline would have just said no.
The biggest shock of all was seeing my bag on the carousel safe and sound.
I love Southwest and their awesome team!

I have used Southwest more than any other airline.
I cannot think of one trip on this airline that would make me think twice of flying on it.
Excellent service, low cost, and a comfortable ride to my destination.

Southwest gets me where I need to go within my budget..there are no frills, you get pretzels, peanuts and a drink or two, Staff has always been nothing but friendly with me and most the time entertaining!
If I have my choice Southwest is the first I choose!

Wow, how we love Southwest Airlines.
We had the pleasure of flying on them 2x's this week.
Free to check up to 2 bags each.
A very easy check in 24 hours in advance on line.
Easy to check your bags when you get there.
Free bag tags.
The seating situation has really changed.
It is very organized and easy now to get on.
We were so lucky to get on a very new aircraft, a Boeing 737-800....
I think the seating was 174!
Great plane, clean and fresh and so smooth.
Southwest is given a lot of liberties to make your flight fun!
They make a lot of really fun announcements.
4 Flight Attendants on this one and all very nice and fun.
I was surprised on a 45 min.
flight they handed out 2 snacks and drinks plus a refill if you would like one.
Our return flight was just as nice.
Even though our flight was 40 min delayed.
They did their best to keep everyone informed and were very pleasant.
We even got points for our miles flying on Southwest and all for a good price.
Thank You Southwest Airlines for a really nice flight

We had a great time on Southwest Airlines last week.
We flew up to Vegs for 4 days.
Even though it was a short trip, it was a good one.
The first flight we had was from Phoenix to Las Vegas.
We were lucky enough to get on a 737 800 aircraft.
The windows were clean and big, the plane was clean and the service was nice.
Happy Flight attendents and a quick and fun flight.
Our flight back on Monday night was delayed, (but hey sometimes that happens).
The crew did the best they could and it still a quick and very nice flight home.
The terminal in Phoenix is really nice.
Lots of shops and places to eat  and drink as well.

One can say an "ariline" is "an airline"...this may be true however Southwest gets my attention everytime  And here's why  1) they are people movers.
They have attendants walking the checkin areas to make sure you are on time and if not, they will move you up the line so you don't miss your flight.
Now then, moving you up the ladder and not intefering with other passengers?
Unbelieveable.
They have a separate counter to deal with the late ones.
2) 2 bags checked in free.
What ariline does that these days  3) At the gate, your boarding pass is coded to board by zones.
Prevents the unorderly stampede of folks trying to get a good seat on the plane  4) In flight?
Attendants with humor.
I've always had chuckles listening to the attendants as they annouce the comings and goings  These are just a few of their good points; solid though.
Now if they upgrade their fleet, I might give them an extra star!

Southwest offered the cheapest airfare at the time for a round trip from LA to Phoenix.
I love that the checked in bag was free, and I don't have to spend an additional $50 round trip.
Boarding is organized since you line up by group and number.
Picking our own seats was great.
On other flights, I have to negotiate to sit with someone I knew.
They also offered free pretzels and peanuts.
I don't remember the last time I was offered a free snack.
Wi-fi is available for $5.
I will be definitely choose Southwest again especially if there is a good price.

Southwest Airlines is phenomenal!
Free for 2 checked bags, reasonable ticket prices, frequent flier perks and friendly staff.
The only things I would change are:  - People willing to pay for EarlyBird Check-in should not get prioritized ahead of A-Listers who have been paying for their tickets with SouthWest for a long time - You need to fly to Hawaii, Mexico (not just with partners, but so the SW Air perks still work) the Caribbean....oh heck, just go Worldwide.

I am an A-List Preferred member so I obviously fly SWA a lot.
Because I also have earned a Companion Pass that allows my sweetie to fly with me for free unrestricted, I try to only fly on SWA.
I am so sick of luggage & change fees on other airlines, etc that I would still prefer to fly SWA even without my perks.
Speaking of perks, my Companion Pass saves me $1,000's every year and I really maximize my frequent flyer miles to make sure I get this renewed every year.
Using your frequent flyer miles is very easy and if you need to cancel, they just go right back into your account.
Their web site is easy to use and manage your account.
They are pretty good at notifying you if they are running late and we always sign up for Flight Status Text Messaging to get updates starting 4 hours before the flight.
Other than a couple cranky flight attendants over the years barking out the rules for sitting in the emergency exits rows ("Please respond verbally with a yes, or else...
I can't heeeeear youuuuu.
"), I do not recall any negative in-flight experiences.
They do tend to have flights run late on the routes we fly but we just adjust our airport arrival based on the revised departure times.
These guys offer great service and value and the best frequent flyer perks.
I'll take the Companion Pass over First Class seats any day.
If SWA itself (not partners) flew to Hawaii and Mexico, we would never fly any other airline.
The WiFi on-board is also cool if you ever need it.
Wanna get away?
SWA for sure.

As a former US Airways passenger, I have to tell you.
There is no comparison.
Southwest out classes them hands down!!
They have employees who actually smile, talk to customers, shake their hands.
They even give you a snack with the complimentary beverages.
For about $100 less for my short flight, I will take less attitude, better service, and a crew who actually likes to get along act as one company not two that merged several years ago and their employees still have not gotten over it.
I have taken the Phoenix to San Diego route several times.
On US AIRWAYS, they stop service to passengers at the slightest turbulence.
Would not be so bad if it was truly an emergency but you know it is pure laziness when US AIRWAYS cuts service and then they all stand around talking.
Kudos to CRYSTAL on flight 1011 San Diego to Phoenix 625pm on 4/4/2013 for being so nice!
I really think before any merger takes effect, US AIRWAYS should send their employees to SOUTHWEST so they can learn how to treat their passengers and each other.
BTW, you may hear stories about passengers getting out of hand sometime on Southwest but they are so much better than US AIRWAYS passengers.
Very polite, they wait their turn, and they are not rude and demanding.
Although some of that may stem from US AIR's employees and trickle down do not let anyone fool you!
Southwest is a GREAT PRICE AIRLINE WITH GREAT EMPLOYEES AND PASSENGERS.
So do not pay more to be Ghetto.
GET ONBOARD WITH SOUTHWEST and outclass those who think they are better!

FLIGHT 4038 - Phoenix to Buffalo 4-13-13  So what does Southwest Airline have control over?
I think it is only fair to review a business or in this case a flight for the things they actually have control over.
For example; the rude woman who wanted to sit next to me, while I attempted to explain that my wife was sitting there wasn't Southwest's fault - that woman should just be thrown from the moving aircraft!
They also cannot really control whether the ride is smooth or bumpy - though I do believe they could try to avoid some of the big bumps when I need to pee so badly and am not allowed to get up because of the turbulence.
Finally, the cannot control the passenger who has a horrible allergic condition of peanuts - so badly that the flight became a peanut free flight!
However, I still had to eat my protein bar, which had nuts in it - but then again - I have to eat what I have to eat so my BS doesn't drop and I take precedence over the nut issue!
However, they DO have control over their flight attendants and this flight was no different then most others on Southwest.
Though I have been with better - they had a good sense of humor - one in which my son didn't fully grasp, but then again he wasn't looking forward to going back home to WNY from Scottsdale AZ!
Steve was perhaps the best of the crew!
The aircraft appeared clean - it was a new one for sure 737 so they get a star for that.
Otherwise - it's pretty much a basic seen it all before flight!
I like upgrades to First Class!
Perhaps I was a bit too kind - I am changing this review from 2 stars down to 1 because this flight attendant is just too darn sarcastic and rude!
she should be thrown out of the aircraft at 30,000 feet with the other rude biotch!
Just when you think it won't get worse - we land in Buffalo only to find out that most everyone's luggage is still in Phoenix - I was lucky - my family got two out of six bags - we only have four bags left in Phoenix.
Thank you Southwest for making this trip and my families vacation one to remember!

Tips if you have never flown Southwest: -line up by boarding number  -seats are chosen first come first serve, choose anywhere!
-generous reimbursement for giving up your seat but the ticket agents may not be so forthright about the fastest alternative to bring you home  I wound up with $400 in flight credit and only had to arrive an hour later.
I was happy with my flight and didn't mind being forced to the middle as I was traveling solo.

LUV.

I am a frequent flyer and the check in line at Southwest is nearly always the longest.
They get it and it is good from the popularity of this line to see that people realize it.
This is an industry where many carriers lack customer service and will get business anyway.
The only thing that is going to change this  is if we all try to support the businesses that care about the customer.

Big fan of Southwest.
We fly SW a lot and appreciate that they go out of our local airport.
This flight into PHX left from FLL 40 minutes late, but somehow the pilot was able to make up the time and arrive on time.
Regardless, the second leg out from PHX to LAX was delayed 50 minutes which meant I had about an hour to hang out at the SW gate in PHX for a bit.
A little confusing holding area as the check-in desk is situated on the opposite side of the room from the actual boarding gates.
Looks like the single desk handles 3-4 gates maybe.
The check-in staff wasn't clear that the plane arriving at our gate was NOT the plane we were supposed to board, so a lot of us started lining up but there was a whole 'nother group taking the arriving plane to Vegas.
They unloaded and loaded quickly and our plane arrived just a few minutes later.
Regardless, Southwest has very straightforward policies, and excellent prices.
We use our Southwest Visa all the time and build up beaucoup points and that's a nice bonus!
I also have a nephew-in-law who works for SW and we get a few buddy passes every year which is even a bigger bonus.
Now, even though the boarding process has changed over the years (remember those plastic blue ones?
), the cattle call isn't much different than it was 15 years ago.
Being 6'5, I wish the leg space was a tad longer, but at the ticket price I can't complain much.
Flight attendants and staff are always friendly and happy which must mean they enjoy their job.
Years ago, they used to sing, tell jokes, and get pretty crazy on the flights, but I think they were told to tone it down a bit.
Once in awhile they crack a nice joke or announce the "Welcome to Chicago!
" when your flight really landed in Colorado or something like that.
Love that humor.
Keep it up SW!

I do like the airfare and no frills of Southwest, especially on shorter flights.
Phoenix seems to be a typical layover for Southwest as I travel from West to East coast and back.
The flights so far have always been on time in and out of Phoenix.

The customer service can be hit or miss, but you can't deny the cheap airfare and luggage flys free.
If your flying with a lap child, and if there are seats available you can bring you car seat on board.
This will be more comfortable for you and the baby!
Also I would suggest bringing your stroller to make moving about the large Phoenix airport easier.
Then gate checking your stroller, so it will be instantly available to you when you land.
When gate checking a stroller or car seat, you don't have to wrap it in a plastic bag (it's optional but not necessary), found this out at the ticket counter.
Also when flying with young children, you get priority boarding, which is after A boarding.
This is better then C boarding, but still not the best seating especially if it's a packed flight or a transfer flight.
For example, my family got stuck in the very back of the plane and there was no room!
The flight attendants, however were very nice and took two drink orders, gathered trash several times, and asked if we needed anything.
Overall, a less expensive way to fly and I'll definitely be back.

Bummer my first bad thing to say about SouthWest Airlines.
A gate agent in Phoenix last week would not give me a blue pass ( handicapped ) to board early.
She said I could upgrade for $40.00.
Seriously I have a handicap and I was so insulted and stressed.
I didn't want to argue with her as it embarrassed me.
Bad job SouthWest!

It was a very busy day at the airport this morning.
Line at check in was very long that I decided to not check my luggage in.
Lady (I think her name was Emma or Emily) at Gate 17 around 11am was very professional.
She stayed calm despite the line that was getting long in front of her and her phones ringing off the hook.
)  She handled my request to change my flight to an earlier one since my original flight has been delayed 1 hour.
Kudos to her!

Southwest is my airline.
I've always preferred them.
There are no assigned seats, which is a curse and a blessing.
A blessing in the case of showing up early you have your choice.
A curse, if you run a hair late, you're split up.
We are rapid rewards members, and have Chase Visa cards - which means we are frequently sent drink vouchers.
I know this isn't a huge deal, but it makes us feel valued.
Sometimes it isn't the dollar value of the gesture, but the casual reminder of "Hey we know you choose us, and we hope you continue to do so..."   We've had pretty good luck with baggage, very few flights that require connections, and overall very kind staff.
In fact, this last jump from Georgia to Phoenix, we had a snag at the drop off for the rental car, and arrived at the gate about 1 minute before they were going to close the doors.
They had someone WITH OUR BOARDING PASSES waiting for us, so we could walk right on.
We expected to be turned away, not be treated like royalty.
Thank you for always getting us to and from safe Southwest.

Only way to fly!

So I'm a friendly sort of guy.
But, I have to travel with a back brace and my pain meds.
Having an artificial disc and fused vertebrae make traveling a chore, and I'm slow.
I rely on the kindness of strangers for little things.
So, I ask for pre-boarding.
I have never been interrogated before like I was here.
I think the spine support brace, or my paperwork if you need it, should be enough.
But the agent seemed bent on making sure that he disapproved of my asking to pre-board.
I hate the walk down the ramp, when I tried general boarding.
People pass me or ask me if I need help.
Well, I do pre-board and avoid the drama.
But humiliating me and giving me his disdain felt worse.
I've never had an airline treat me like this.
I'll avoid SWA, at least from PHX.
My pain meds kicked in, which helped take the edge off the interrogation.
I hope the he never has a reason to swallow ones pride and ask for help.
If he does, I hope he is not treated like he treated me.
Oh...
The flight attendant was nice.
But I still recall the ground guy...  Arg.

Absolutely great.
I missed my first flight since I spaced and didn't take into account the time zone difference.
The guy at the southwest desk by my gate found me the next flight and waived the fees.

Love, love, love Southwest!
Their new updated app is amazingly simple now too.
I had a flight I booked with points scheduled for today and I had forgotten to cancel it.
A few hours before takeoff, I go on my app, cancel the flight, get 100% of my points credited back to me, and get the $5.00 fee credited back to me!
I simply cannot understand why other airlines do not follow SW's lead.
SW passengers are happier and treated fairly.
And TWO bags at no cost!!!!!
I fly frequently and I always choose a SW flight first!!

Just got pretzels and a soda on my flight.
Reminded me of the 1980s when flying was a treat.
Great airline.

Jan at the counter was helping me get an earlier flight, as soon as i paid extra to change to an earlier flight, Jan received a note that the flight was delayed.
since the flight was delayed they refunded the extra cost for changing my flight.

I would rate Southwest overall as an average at best airlines.
Pros: Tons of nonstop flights in and out of Phoenix, friendly and helpful employees, no change fees when you have to rebook.
Cons: Not always the cheapest fares even with no bag fees, consistently poor WiFi service, worthless flyer miles, no guarantee of a better boarding slot if you purchase the early auto checkin.
I do fly Southwest, but they are no my first choice, or even first loom when booking the flight.

The plane is here and so are the pilots, both have been for about an hour.
Why are we one hour plus delayed?
The crew is not and southwest has no contingency in place except to allow customers to be delayed...
It sure makes one think southwest doesn't care about customers.
Why can't they take off and arrive on time?
Their customer satisfaction scores continue to drop.
They are now ranked less than half of the other airlines but their response is continued delays.

Crikey.
Why Am I Being Diverted To Phoenix?
SITREP  Okay.
So I probably should have paid closer attention to the flight-schedule when my uncle and I were making reservations for my return flight from Spokane to Sacramento.
But a layover in freakin PHOENIX?!?
Jiminy.
It takes much longer to fly to Phoenix than to Sacramento.
And THEN, it's also longer to fly to Sacramento from Phoenix than it would have been to fly between Spokane to Sacramento directly.
INSULT TO INJURY  Talk about getting the ultimate run-a-round.
What would be a normal hour and 45 minute flight now takes six (6) and a half hours!
[Welcome to my world.
]  GRAND CANYON  Okay oKay.
Now what mitigated these circumstances a bit was the fact that we flew RIGHT OVER the Grand Canyon and we got to see a lot of the beauty and expansive reach of this wonder of nature.
Take a look at the pictures and get you sense of the feel I had fun seeing it.
THE LOWDOWN  So I may not have enjoyed the total waste in terms of overall "flight & layover time", but on this occasion what a treat to see the Grand Canyon for the first time, so thank you.

Cheapest airlines out there.
No checked bags fee, up to two per flight per person.
No change fee, only need to pay the difference in fares.
Fly to almost anywhere and everywhere in the U.S.  First come, first serve seats, you do however need to check-in at least 24 hours in advanced before your departure date for best seats.
The flight attendants are always happy and actually love their jobs.
They will give you whole can of soft drinks if you ask for it, and they would gladly give you unlimited free refills if you ask nicely.
One bad thing about this airline is that they don't have any international flights, especially to Canada and/or Mexico.

The TSA at this terminal are like really strict here.
I've never had too much delay though flying out and Southwest has never lost my bags so overall its been good.

Never book a flight early in the morning out of PHX.
A large number of seniors book flights early mornings and they get through TSA check points at a slower pace.

Still tops, but more delays   I'm a fan of Southwest on the bases of their on-time scores, low lost luggage rates, I-can-do-it staff attitude, and overall cost.
The queue system for seating doesn't bother me and I find it worth the Early Bird fee to get on a bit sooner.
The math is that it's a very effective way to administer a variable demand system.
My only knock is that after many flights with no delays, I've seen three delays on recent trips.
We ended up making up some time in the air on two of those flights, which is cool.
Just hoping it's not a pattern.

Wow.
I haven't been flying that much but this is crazy.
Southwest had always been my favorite airlines but it appears these last few trips have changed my mind!
Today's news.
Get to airport 8:90 am check For a 9:30 flight check  9:30 rolls around now it's 10:30 check 10:30 rolls around now it's 1:00 check 1:00 rolls around now it's 2:35.
....well it's 2:00 PM now let's see where we go from here.
Worst trip ever for so many reasons!
Southwest, what's happened to my favorite airline?

I seem to be flying here and there and Southwest is my 1st choice of airlines.
Free bags, free cold drinks or coffee, small bag of peanuts and some kinds of cracker or pretzels.
This is so unheard of any more.
Good for Southwest.
Ok so I have to remember to check in 24 hours prior for an A or B because C means middle.
I have been lucky so far and usually get B.
The crew can be pretty funny at times.
The only problem is the last flight of the day at least from Phoenix.
It is usually late.
Take me back to Phoenix soon.
I want to see my new granddaughter

Love these guys.
I just wish they finished with their jokes like back in the day.
After all the turmoil getting through security and crazy foot traffic a good laugh is always good.
Still my favourite airline.
Great staff and have never had any problems.
They are awesome with their bag and rearranging flights services as well.

Never again!
Departing from LAX our flight was canceled and had to book another flight and that one was delayed.. Now returning home the flight has been delayed about 3 times.
Very annoyed and just seems like that can't seem to be on schedule for any flights!

I used to fly this airline every week!
I earned a Free Companion Pass for several years running.
I was a super fan.
But, they changed.
Big Time.
The "low fare" airline completely restructured its frequent flyer program so that they no longer reward you for flying frequently.They reward you for paying higher fares!
Yes, it really is that hypocritical.
Pay more and get more points.
Find and use low fares at the "low fare" airline and you are penalized severely.
The current frequent flyer program is worthless.
Programs like that are a real motivator to me and many other frequent flyers.
We are not going to pay more to deceive ourselves into thinking we are getting something "free.
"  Nor are we going to rip off our companies by intentionally paying higher fares just to qualify for perks we used to earn by virtue of flying all the time with SWA.
They've completely alienated me.
I no longer have any affinity whatsoever for this rip-off airline.
(And, by the way, check out their fares and compare.They frequently are the highest fare.
Hypocrites.

