I agree with Kevin- they often half-ass the drying and miss spots on the dashboard.
I've been here a few times with my dad- he's obsessed with a clean car.
We were here last week and he told me he prefers having a dirty car to going here usually.
Octopus does a much better job but unfortunately they do not have a far West side location.

I have had my car cleaned here a few times.
For 16 bucks it's a great job.
They vacuum out the car very nicely.
Leave anything on the seat that they find under the seats.
Then they drive it through a long and elaborate wash system that thoroughly washes the entire car.
The wipe down the car and clean off the windows inside and out and wipe off the dash and interior.
Nothing fancy but its a nice quick job.
If you want more done you can order that.
I appreciate these guys.
Keep up the good work and thank you for your service.

I was satisfied with the wash, but give them one star because of the parrots.
Parrots are one of the 15 most intelligent animals -- sociable, loving and curious -- and these two are obviously depressed.
They belong in a much more natural setting.

The wash was quick and fairly inexpensive-- $10.
Yes they missed a few spots on the dash but the rest of the car was vacuumed nicely and the outside looks great.
Perhaps my expectations were low given the other reviews, but I'd go again.

I took my car for an interior clean, which includes cleaning seats and carpets.
Mermaid gets 2 stars because my car was a whole lot cleaner when I left than when I brought it in, because the cashier was competent, because it took less than the two hours they estimated, and because the parrots entertained me while I waited.
Other than that, not much was good.
Where to start.... - I had to make an appointment for a detail, which I didn't know because it isn't mentioned anywhere online or on their signs.
I was told when I pulled up, so I turned around and left, and called for an appointment.
- Approximately zero communication.
The check-in guy just told me to "take this to the cashier.
" The vacuum guys opened my doors and stood there staring at me, completely silent.
Good thing the building it set up to show you where to go because I sure didn't get any instructions.
- When I got my car back, the first thing I noticed was that there were mud splatters low on the door.
They had driven my car through puddles on the way from the detail bay and hadn't cleaned it up.
- The second thing I noticed was that my seats were wet.
Not dripping, but way too wet to sit on.
They gave me plastic bags to sit on, but as an afterthought, and not before blaming my seats for holding the wetness.
24 hours later, my seats are still wet.
- And then there were all the items in different places.
They'd removed things from all of the pockets and compartments for cleaning, but instead of putting them back or even leaving them all in one central place, they left them all in different places.
My favorite was the phone book left on the wet seat.
- As I drove around that afternoon I started to notice all the other issues: streaks on the back window, puddles in my cup holders, a spill in one of the plastic compartments that I was able to easily clean with a wet cloth (so why couldn't they?
), grittiness on the dashboard, a LOT of the outer coating removed from the bag around the stick shift.
- And after a couple of hours....the smell.
It's a combination of Little Green cleaning solution and mold, which makes me think, 1) they use detergent & water rather than steam, and 2) they didn't even use clean water.
I was hoping the cleaning would get rid of the faint trashy smell that had developed over time, but the car actually smells much worse now.
Bottom line: Mermaid does a decent job on the big stuff, but half-asses the details, and skips the customer service altogether.
Octopus does a much nicer job for similar prices.

So I went in today and used one of my Total Wash Gift packs that I had left over from Christmas.
I paid extra for armorall on the tires and clear coat wax.
The outside of the vehicle looks good, but the inside was clearly not cleaned with care.
The drivers door still had dust ( which was obviously not even wiped down) the vacuum job on the floors was super fast and again not done with care.
The over all saving grace for the day was I have a coupon to come back tomorrow because it rained this morning, so free car wash this weekend.
As soon as all of these coupons are gone in my gift pack , I will not be coming back anytime soon !
The shinning moment was from the nice lady working behind the counter ( she gets the star) otherwise it was a complete waste of money.

Worst car wash ever.
Top of the line package and they didn't dry it, wipe the dash or door sills.
I payed extra for them to vacuum the trunk and the did not do it!

They never do a good job vacuuming and always skip over the cup holders, which usually needs the most cleaning.
When I finally asked them to do that area again they took an air machine and just blew all of the crumbs around as they scattered in the car.
Also I always pay extra for the sea breeze freshener and even with the ticket on the dash board they forget.
This last time I was so distracted by the cup holder issue I forgot to tell them about the freshener that they missed.
Not to mention all of the guys wiping down your car staring at you and making you feel very uncomfortable...can a girl just get a car wash?!
I'm not there to pick up  guys.
I don't think that the people working there really take pride in their work and the only reason I go there is because it is close to home.
Next time I'm going to drive farther and hope for better quality or just do it myself.
Very disappointed every time I've been here..

Went to Mermaid with a coupon from Smart Motors.
They vacuumed the inside and washed the outside, and I went on my way.
At my next stop, I opened the rear door (Toyota RAV4) and saw they had not vacuumed the area behind the back seat.
Returned to Mermaid and told them they had missed a portion of the inside - and they told me "that would cost an additional $2,50 - paid the $2.50, talked with the "manager" who just shook his head - (really?, what a poor way to run a business!

For ~$13 bucks you get your car kind of vacuumed out and all if the grit and grime of the road blasted off.
If you go in thinking it will look like it did when you drove it off the lot you are going to be disappointed.
If you want a pretty clean car for a pretty good rate, go for it.

Worst car wash I ever had, they charged $16.25 and when they called me to pick up car I noticed lot of dust on dash board and doors, I asked them to clean the dust, they said they wont clean doors(when they are not cleaning doors I don't understand why they are charging $16.25), its not vacuumed properly inside the car, I have to go home and clean it my self.
The staff are very rude and they didn't care to respond when I asked to clean dust inside.
It's waste of money I am not going back to this place.

For 17.50, the machine washed the outside off car.
Interior wasn't touched.
The manager let me know that wiping down the interior is t included.
Positive my 11 year old will do a better job for less.

