Trini is great; he listens and gives you exactly what you want.
Or tells you why it wouldnt work.

I woke up Friday morning and was almost ready to not go to work due to my oh-christ-this-shit-again frustration with my godawful, disconnected, weird-looking hair that has grown out into something that deserves to be hidden by a veil, shroud, burka, beekeeper's headwear...  Trini is right up the street from my house next to Lola Coffee and I have yet to find the elusive My Stylist so I impulsively rung the salon up and asked if they had any same or next-day appointments available.
I was told that Kimberly could take me right away, said "fuggit," threw on a dress, grabbed a purse and made the 30 second drive up Roosevelt to 3rd Avenue.
When it is not 101 degrees outside, I will walk there.
It is a blessed event to walk into an unfamiliar salon and be greeted by a stylist in a similarly cut dress, a smokin' updo with adorable floral accessory, and feel the sweet relief of meeting someone who gets your style.
A group of employees and customers had a good chuckle at our similar aesthetic.
It was kismet.
Kimberly kept me hydrated with water, gave an amazing pre-cut stress-relieving shoulder rub and treatment, spent extra time fixing my previously wonked hair and explaining why it had been my bane, repaired my homemade bangs, was warm and friendly and earned herself a loyal new client that day.
She's new in town, an incredibly experienced, well-educated and talented stylist, and deserves to have a heaping helping of clients just as hip as she is.
I'll be seeing her again in eight weeks and hope her business keeps building.
Few stylists I've had truly understand retro styling; Kimberly takes the cake!
Hot fire.
Five stars.
She has been found.

Trini has been my guy for 9 years.
I moved here from NYC 10 years ago and bounced around a bit before I was referred to him.
He is always cutting edge, understands my personality and I totally trust him.
I have done it al with him...short, long, blonde, brown, red (that's a funny story) and every time he touches my head I always love it.
I have referred many people to him over the years that love him just like I do.
Whenever I go to Trini salon I feel like I am with family and well it doesn't get much better than that..and my hair always looks hot!

Nikki is an absolutely amazing colorist!
I never have to tell her what to do...she does whatever she wants to my hair and it always turns out great.
I have yet to have my hair colored when I didn't get at least 5 compliments from complete strangers.

She moved.
Fucking hell.

I went in and had a root touch up, while it was nice, there were some things that really bothered me.
After rinsing the dye out I had some smeared on my forehead.
I assumed that the hairdresser would remove it, but he let it sit there until he was done and I asked to have it removed.
It didn't come all the way off and I spent three days scrubbing at it.
Not exactly a professional job.
Also, when he was styling my hair (which is curly) he only used a brush and blow dryer to straighten it, no flat iron, which would have been ok, but he said something about how he was allowed to use the flat iron and I thought that was weird.
I ended up having the wash and style my hair again when I got home because it was frizzy and there was a lot of dye left on my scalp.

Love the salon but more so love Trini.
He has fixed my hair and love the transitions my hair takes between my appointments!
Plus the hair massages during the hair washes are amazing!

I went back again, after a call from the owner inviting me to try them again.
I'm much happier this time around.
Good service, my hair looks great and feels super soft.

I saw Jillian here who did an amazing job coloring my hair and cutting/styling.
I only wish I could keep going back to her but I just can't afford to spend over $150 every 2 months with a new car payment in this economy....something has to go.
But I thought I'd atleast give her a really great review.
She really knows what she's doing.
She made me the most natural shade of beautiful blonde--used different shades to achieve just the right balance-- and it was so shiny and healthy looking that I couldn't believe how she managed to lighten it so much without it feeling stripped, which is a huge fear of mine.
It's happened every other time ive gotten my hair lightened.
She also really listened to my nearly unintelligible ramblings trying to explain what I wanted cut-wise.
Steered me from making a mistake and pulled up pics on her phone to help me.
She was really nice but most importantly it was by far best color & cut I have ever gotten!
Only wish I could just continue going :(

I had a great experience at VoLR, being this was my first time i was very worried about the level of service i was going to get.
hands down best salon I have been to in a while.
Nikki Wozniak was not only beautiful but very knowledgeable and welcoming.
I will definitely be a future customer!

Noah cut and colored my hair last night on very short notice.
I think I love him.
Pure excellence, from his warm, welcoming demeanor to his conversational eloquence; he made me feel like he was there FOR ME.
Oh yeah, and my hair?
Fabulous.
The best stylists listen to you, then tell you what they think.
It's a collaborative effort, and I like someone who has knowledge and opinions and vision.
I usually dread going to spend a couple of hours in a stylist's chair, but with Noah it was a treat.

I had my color done by jillian at VOLR salon, she was creative and knowledgable!
I had trouble explaining exactly what i wanted and she came up with something beautifully unique and customized.
Im looking forward to my next visit:)

I have lived in the neighborhood for 16 years and recall when VOLR came around MANY years ago.
It's only now that I checked this place out.
This past Wednesday I had an appointment scheduled for a color and cut with Noah.
Honestly, I didn't know what to do and who to trust after the untimely loss of my previous hairdresser/friend.
I took a chance.
Threw caution to the wind... and ended up in Noah's chair.
Noah's quite the gentleman and consummate professional.
I came in with nasty grey roots and hair that was dying to receive a cut.
I brought my iPhone and pulled up my Pinterest app where I'd collected many photographs of hair styles that I liked... and one that I did not like.
(I like to make sure that my stylist TRULY understands what I'm going for).
I feel that I'm realistic in my expectations and after discussing where we'd like to go with my hair, on this very first time together, Noah goes to work.
I won't take you through all of the details, but I am very VERY happy with the results.
I  never expect to get out of a salon with less than 3 hours of work... and Wednesday was no exception.
Seriously, I don't mind.
I was glad to have fun conversation with my new stylist...
If you're going to spend a significant amount of time with your stylist, you'd better be comfortable with them.
VOLR is a beautiful salon inside.
There's good music playing.
And it's very "downtown", which I, of course, love.
Hooray Local!
Just a 1/4 of a mile from my home!!!!
I found myself a stylist and a place that I believe will be my new salon.
Prices are definitely reasonable too!
Oh, one slight downside... and I don't mean to bust chops here... but the magazine selection could use some updating.
Some of those magazines were a year old.
Glad that I had my iPhone.
Other than that, I had a lovely time.

I was a bit disappointed with VOLR.
Absolutely loved the interior space and the location, in the hip Roosevelt/3rd Ave area, sandwiched between Lola Coffee and Pita Jungle.
What I didn't love was the experience I received.
I will not say the name of my stylist, because I don't think that the person deserves to be punished.
They did an OK job, but just OK.
I have long hair, and I requested a very simple cut.
I asked for 2-3 inches off, and instead I received 1 inch off.
I asked for swoopy side bangs, and received bangs that were a bit jagged and did not align with my natural part.
I had to cut them myself at home.
I came in with a picture of myself with straight hair, which is my hair's natural state, and told the person it was exactly what I wanted.
Instead, I received curls set in place with tons & tons of hairspray , which I first thought was a nice extra touch (especially because they use nice Bumble & Bumble products) but later regretted because I HATE hairspray and I ended up washing it all out a few hours later.
I feel like my stylist wasn't really listening and did what they wanted rather than what I requested.
I will say that they gave a pretty good head massage.
Maybe it was an off day for the stylist and for the salon.
Maybe I should have spoken up more.
I don't know.
I just know that you shouldn't have to go home and cut your hair yourself after dropping $55 at a fancy salon.

I'd been to Toni and Guy and been disappointed too many times.
They always never listened to my "please don't chop a ton off" speech.
So a friend suggested I go to her stylist.
Half a year later, I get my hair cut here now and only here.
I don't trust anyone else to cut my hair anymore besides Nikki.
And color it.
I have had at least 20 compliments from complete strangers on how lovely my color looks.

Alex R. has cut my hair twice and colored it once.
Both times were super enjoyable.
What I liked most was that despite the super chic appearance of the shop, Alex is down to earth and listened to me.
The first time I went into the shop, I was very shy -- I knew I wanted to change up my hairstyle but I wasn't exactly sure what I wanted it to look like.
I think Alex sensed that I was feeling timid and offered me several options to help me decide.
He ended up giving me a great color (semi-permanent) and a lovely cut that helped me feel confident.
He never forced an idea on me, but rather helped me come to my own decisions.
I would totally recommend this shop to my friends and family.
My boyfriend even got his hair cut by Alex and he did a great job on his hair as well.
Also, I must mention that Alex's hair is super cool -- I think it's important that the person who cuts your hair has awesome hair that you can look at in awe.

This place is trendy cool and they know what they're doing.
I tried Noah and he was interesting to chat with and made some suggestions for hair style that I had not concidered.
I am a bit of a nomad for hair cuts but I think I have found thee place to settle down.
BTW the coffee shop next door rocks too so get there early and add a cup a joe to go too.

This salon is great place comfortable and hip!
I had my stylist Noah Calderon is personable and made the experience amazing !
Is consistently the best hair cuts I have had in this town!

VOLR salon is wonderful!
Great products, great location, great atmosphere, and a super nice owner.
The owner, Trini, invited me back after my last review to try again.
I was not disappointed.
I came in with no idea of what I wanted, yet he was able to help me figure it out.
He gave me a wonderful haircut, giving it more layers and movement.
He recommended Bumble & Bumble products that were good for my hair type, and I am pleased with his recommendations.
I also got a "double" blow-dry, where two hairdryers were used at the same time.
Now THAT's a blow-out!
:) The head massage while getting my hair shampooed was great, too.
My hair feels so healthy now.
You really can't beat this place if you want a fun, relaxing experience getting your hair cut in a hip environment.

It was my first experience going to a salon close by to where we lived, since our move from North Phoenix.
I went over to this salon trusting the raving reviews about them and I am so glad I did.
Not only is Noah an excellent hair stylist, he is very personable and didn't pressure me at all on purchasing products.
He shows that he truly cares about the happiness of his clients.
I am in love with my hair!
I felt very relaxed and comfortable at VOLR.
I loved the ambiance of the salon and the other staff were also friendly!
For the level of customer service I received, the price was well worth it.
I am definitely going back!

I love this salon!
Carmen is AMAZING!
Request her if you want someone who will listen to you!
My first appointment at VolR was with another stylist and I was not happy AT ALL.
I hated my color and the style was not me.
So I was hesitant to go back a second time but I had found out that stylist went to another salon and I decided to give it another go.
I got Carmen and she listened to how I liked my hair.
Maybe she just understood my hair but I could tell she was listening.
She is a blast too, funny and full of life!
What's more!
I had a bang crisis when I was expected to be filming for national television!
I ran in and she was available and she made my hair amazing and the filming went so well!
I see her regularly and I'm not afraid to recommend her to friends!
When I sent my friend to see her when my friend was having a bad day, Carmen totally made my friend's day!
I really trust Carmen, she is a great hairstylist, more than that she is an artist.
I love salon days because Carmen is great to talk to and I know when I leave I will feel better, confident, and relaxed.

I followed Jillian to this salon, because she is so amazing, and despite the drive from the West Valley, I love this salon.
It has an energetic, kicky vibe and a friendly, convivial environment.
As for Jillian, she has the rare ability of not only listening and knowing exactly what your hair needs and you want, but also has the talent to execute that vision.
In her tactful, poised way, she gets there, wherever your "there" is.
When I get  compliments on my hair, i am happy to recommend Jillian; everyone I have referred to her has switched over, including my husband.
And it's an added bonus to show off the new do at one of the trendy little restaurants in the Roosevelt afterward.

Nikki was wonderful!
I got my hair wrecked (think tiger stripes) at a salon early in June, and then semi-fixed by another salon soon after.
She completely gave me what I had originally wanted color-wise, as well as a cute cut!

I simply love VOLR.
I love the new setup, the staff is amazing and friendly.
My stylist, Noah, has the magic touch.
He listens to my needs and have been super satisfied by the results every time.
Noah also gives the best scalp massages ever!
I definitely  recommend this salon and especially recommend Noah.
It can be very nerve wracking to trust someone with your hair but I was immediately put at ease when I first started coming here.

I followed Jillian to Volr salon and I love it there!
Jillian always has creative new colors and styles for me to try out.
I leave feeling beautiful every time and I get many compliments on my hair.
Everyone wants to know where I get my hair done and I always point them to Jillian at Volr!

If you're new to town or finally realized you need to upgrade your stylist - summer's just too darn long and too dang hot to weather bad hair (bad pun intended, however) - Volr is the place to call.
I have been coming to Trini for nine perfect years, and not only does the man have incredible skill and honed craft, he is as sincere, interesting, and gracious as a person can be.
And a frigging genius/chemistry master when it comes tk color.
He will work to get you the look you want, but as a man with a good eye for aesthetic and beauty, will also advise and recommend based on what you can sustain and what will compliment what God already gave you.
And he wont be snooty about it; his sincerity and intention for you to look great and feel happy is legit.
But here's the sweet deal about Volr... Trini IS a gem, but so is everyone else on the Volr team!
Noah, Alex, Nikki, Jillian, and Annabelle have all assisted me from time to time if I'm between color appointments but need styling assistance or the summer I was obsessed with feathers and Alex helped me channel my inner phoenix (I may be the only one who found this funny but, ok), but my point is the level of talent, skill, and current knowledge of cutting edge trends in fashion and beauty is really something to admire.
There is a strong demonstration of pride in workmanship, quality of service and client experience, presentation (this place is spotless), and relevance.
Fact is, I'm a Trini girl...
The man saved me from truly sad, same length hair, and I've been in love with him since.
BUT, for as long as I've been coming here and as intimate and collaborative as this team is, I've seen the work of every stylist in Volr (or, as I wrote earlier, had some services done), and I would trust my mom's hair, my best friend's hair, and my own hair to anyone there.
You should call...
RIGHT NOW... and make an appointment.
Call them.
You're worth it; what the heck have you been waiting for?
Get some sexy locks on!!!
Oh, and if you need makeup application?
Alex will have you rivaling a VS Angel on runway day.
Have you called yet?

I went to this salon based on yelp reviews alone, I was terrified but it was great.
Everyone was super nice and friendly.
Alex cut my hair and we discussed what I wanted and he pulled it off amazingly.
My favourite part was the massage I got when he was washing my hair, he massaged my head and neck and I felt so relaxed!!
It was awesome:).
Parking- you can park in the back, there are spots and a huge parking garage which is awesome.
They also have free wifi and cold water.
They use all bumble and bumble products which is great too.
My cut was 50 dollars, which is a bit more than I had wanted to pay and I have easy hair, but I do love the results!
Thanks yelp for the recommendation!

Jillian is amazing!
After relocating back to the valley I was looking for a new salon.
I didnt know where to go so I tried my stylist (not at VOLR) that I went to before I moved and was frustrated that she was always running behind, double booked and never listened to what I wanted.
You will never experience any of those at Volr!
Jillian has been on time and has great ideas on changing up style!
She listened to what I wanted and had great suggestions.
I had let my hair grow for almost 4 years and felt comfortable enough to let Jillian cut almost 6 inches off of my hair on my first visit.
I have been twice now in the last 3 months and will be going back in the next week or two.
Happy to have found a salon and stylist that I am comfortable with!
I would highly recommend the salon and specifically Jillian to anyone.
And my husband would recommend her as well because he is happy that he doesn't have to hear me complain about my hair anymore...
I absolutely love my new cut and my color!

I have been getting my hair done at VOLR for the past 2 years and I have always had a great experience there.
The staff is very friendly and they have a very consultative approach.
I have always seen Noah and have recommended the salon to several friends who have all been pleased.
I like the way they take the time to get on the same page and make recommendations if need be rather than pushing products or fads.
Everything that they do is done with care and I would feel confident recommending this salon to anyone!
I have seen folks of all different backgrounds, ages etc in the salon and everyone seems to walk out happy.
I know my own experiences have been nothing but positive and I plan to continue to go to and recommend VOLR.

I have never really sought to have very stylish hair.
I have straight, medium bodied, brown, white-guy hair with a mean cowlick at the part and a thinning double crown.
As you can imagine, there isn't a whole lot you can do with a head of hair like that.
I've been around.
I've been to chains and colleges, old-timer barber shops with 30 year clients, and classy barber shops with the bourbon, mahogany and hot shaves.
I've been to trendy, organic and alt chic salons.
Through it all, I walk out with a typical guy cut -- longer on top with a fade on the sides.
Sure, I'm open to suggestion as well as whimsey.
And while it does change a bit in length and style,  its always pretty standard.
The results of these grooming adventures have varied from "holy shit, get the trimmer" to "hey there handsome, what's your name?
*mirror wink*" But never in all my years of hair-taming have I said, "damn... this is the best haircut I've ever had.
" until going to Ro5.
Now then, my stylist Noah is a nice guy.
He's professional.
I'm treated like a valued customer.
He massages my scalp during the wash, carries a good conversation,  invites me to come in for a free cleanup every couple weeks and offers me free Lola coffee.
Those things are great, and appreciated, but not unexpected at a price point of $35 (though SMS or email appointment reminders would be nice!).
While those things are not unique to Ro5, the reason that I have had multiple best haircuts here (yes, some men can achieve "multiple best haircuts") comes down to a few special ingredients.
Noah does not just give me a hair cut, he creates something unique to me that turns the various idiosyncrasies of my hair and scalp into strengths and features of the style.
For example, he leaves the hair longer in the back to compensate for a steep decline toward my neck and blends it so that its not noticeable but still manages to improve the perception of my head shape.
He uses the direction in which the hair grows in different areas to inform a more manageable style.
My cowlick has been turned into a shelf that holds the style in place and traditional symmetry can be abandoned in order to balance the overall look with my face and head shape (no I do not look like the guy from the Goonies).
Great communication.
If I come in with an idea of what I want, he won't just go for it, he will talk me through it.
Give me comments on what components of the concept will work with my hair and head.
He will show me different options and let me choose.
And if we have spent 30 or 40 minutes on one particular style and I or he isn't happy with it at the end, he will go back to the drawing board and send me home with something that works.
Sure, its expected that he respect when I feel like it is done and looks fine, but at the same time, he won't bullshit me if I ask for his opinion.
It ages well.
I'm not really sure if this is a result of #1 or something that he considers while he is cutting, but I've never had hair cuts that look so good while they are growing in before.
Traditional awkward phases and funky spots that I have come to expect are somehow circumnavigated and I'm able to keep a coiffure that looks styled with minimal effort throughout the 5 or 6 weeks I usually take to get back in there.
I should probably say at this point that I do not work at or with Ro5 and I am not friends with anyone who works there, outside of the banter I have with Noah while I'm getting my hair cut.
I only went in the first place on account of the close proximity to my home and the positive yelp reviews.
I simply wanted to give credit where credit is due.
And thus, I highly recommend Ro5.
Try it out for a few sessions and see if it works for you.

Noah is awesome.
I love my haircut!
Have been going to a barber for years and cutting my hair shirt.
Have been trying to grow it out and have not been able to find a style I like.
Noah mad a recommendation and gave me a new look that I live.
Can't wait to see what he can do the next time after it has had some time to grow.
Many thanks to your expertise on how to handle my specific hair

I came on holiday from Santa Clarita, California to Phoenix, Arizona.
I got my hair cut, colored and styled  and now I wish I lived in Arizona !!
He knew what he was doing, customer serveice was fab and my hair looks amazing.
I am so happy, thank you Noah :)

I would just like to add that Noah is now the hairstylist for both me and my husband, and the owner of Salon Ro5.
All I can say is this salon is awesome.
Noah is awesome.
Everything is awesome.
I love that during the head massage part, he says "Close your eyes and enjoy", which helps you to fully relax.
Another thing I love about him is that you have a mini-consultation with him before you even begin, allowing you the chance to talk about your thoughts and the direction that you want to go.
He is totally responsive and listens to what you want, yet he won't hesitate to give his professional opinion if you ask for it.
I just love Noah, he is so talented, down-to-earth and I wish him and the salon years of success to come!

I have been going to VOLR for about eight months.
It has been the only salon that I have gone to since moving to Phoenix a year ago.
I started getting my hair done by Trini, and enjoyed my experience.
He is no longer at this location, but I believe in supporting my local neighborhood businesses.
So, I decided to give Alex a try because I have noticed that his clients always leave the chair with beautiful hair color.
Today, I was one of those clients.
As soon as I left the salon, I went into Lola's to buy a Matador and I received a compliment about my hair from the barista :) More importantly, this evening while playing with my hair, I realized that I have been trying to get sun-kissed, natural highlights for about two years and finally had them.
I think that this hair experience was successful because Alex is super patient.
He really listens to your requests and asks many clarifying questions, which I think is a great sign of communication.
Thank you!

Worse experience ever!
I walked in for just a trim on the sides wanting to keep a manly side part cut and walked out with half my hair gone.
The stylist said he was the owner, will not be coming back.

Same great place, same fantastic stylists BUT with a name I love!
Salon Ro5 is absolutely fitting!
Salon + Roosevelt + Suite 5 = Salon Ro5!
Genius!!
Thank you for always being awesome!
Thank you Noah for the awesome bangs and highlights!
Love, love, love how talented you all are!!!

Salon set up is amazing .
I had an exceptional experience.
Keith did an above n beyond job on my hair.. Book keeper Lizena was very professional n humble.
This is my salon for life!

After moving to Phoenix, I went to see Nikki based on a recommendation from a friend and I couldn't be happier.
Nikki is an amazing stylist.
She listens to what I want, makes helpful suggestions based on my hair and I always leave looking like a natural blonde.
She even took the time to teach me how to curl my hair with a flat iron.

I was lucky enough to visit RO5 today for the first time.
I walked in and was so enamored by such a beautiful salon with such great energy and I would expect nothing less from the two beautiful souls I call my friends.
Noah, to see you use your god given creative talent and passion with RO5 it makes my heart smile.
I know you are both living your dream and I couldn't be happier.
May your life continue to be surrounded by nothing but positive energy.
To your new stylists, congratulations to your chapter with RO5...you are both in great hands...

I always love my hair after getting it done with Maria.
Its been about three months since I decided to do an ombre (which I was hesitant to do in the first place), and after several trims I STILL get compliments about my hair color from complete strangers.
Maria is amazingly talented and even better company.
Definitely recommending her for your cut & color needs :)

Very nervous finding a new stylist.
Read reviews and chose the salon, love the urban atmosphere.
Parking was tough since it was late afternoon, there is a garage but was packed and all the side streets were full for over a block, so allow time to park.
I wanted a change since I'll be turning 50 in a few weeks.
I met with Keith, he listened to what I was looking for, gave me suggestions, helped me choose  complimentary colors for base and highlights and adjusted a style from a picture I'd brought in.
I couldn't be happier with the results!
The color is natural, the style suits my face well, I've heard so many great compliments from co-workers, how they love the style and that it makes me look younger, just what I needed to hear!
I'll be a regular for sure

First of all, I have never been happy with my hair.
I never do it cause I don't know what to do with it.
I went to see Maria and everything changed.
She gave me the ombre look I had been wanting for months and I'm in love with it.
I actually get excited to do my hair now and I get stopped by friends, family, strangers about how great it looks.
She not only does a great job at cutting/coloring/styling  hair, but she's a great listener, the friendliest face you can see on a bad day and just an all around great person.
The vibe at Salon Ro5 is so comfortable that time flies when I'm there.
If you need to get your hair done or just a simple conditioning treatment, go there and you will be wonderfully taken care of.

Great haircut.
But, better than that - they taught me how to make it look good everyday.

