This was the first place I went to try on wedding dresses.
I met with Rachael and she was awesome!
She really knew her stuff.
She listened to my ideas and feedback on each dress and I ended up with two dresses that I really liked.
She wasn't too pushy on closing the sale.
I am still looking around, but wouldn't be surprised if I ended up going back.
Their prices also seemed reasonable.

It's been a while since I was there, but I wasn't on Yelp then so didn't review Vera's initially.
I went to Vera's twice.
The first time was a positive experience.
The consultant was friendly and showed me a few different styles so I could get an idea for what I wanted.
The second trip was a completely different story!
We changed our wedding to a destination and so I was looking for a different type of dress.
When I called to make the second appointment I requested the same consultant and they said that wouldn't be a problem.
When we got there, we were waiting and I saw my consultant starting to work with another bride.
I asked the woman at the desk if there had been some mistake, as I had requested the same consultant.
They said it wouldn't be a problem and switched.
Big Mistake!
Clearly my consultant had no desire to work with me.
I'm not sure if that was because it was my second visit or if it had something to do with changing the type of dress I wanted.
But whatever it was, she was very unfriendly this time around.
I asked to see dresses by a particular designer and she refused to show me any, saying they weren't good quality.
In the end, I left very unhappy and vowed not to purchase a dress from them.
I then had my second visit to Brandi's Bridal in New Glarus and purchased my dress there!

I visited Vera's with three of my bridesmaids, hoping to find the perfect dress.
I had been dress shopping three times before and knew exactly what I wanted -- fabric, silhouette, etc.
-- and I was ready to buy a dress.
I had 10 Ben Franklins waiting in my purse (gotta hide the cost from the Mr.) I DID find the perfect dress at Vera's, but not because of my consultant or the service.
The appointment started out very dry and sanitary; I was half expecting the consultant to take a blood sample and check my blood pressure.
No questions about how I wanted to feel in my dress, what I liked or didn't like, or about the general feel of the wedding.
Instead, she asked a laundry list of impersonal questions.
When I brought up that I had been dress shopping before and wanted a sweetheart neckline, mermaid or fit-and-flare silhouette, and rouching across the stomach, she dismissed my preferences and told me that my desire for a mermaid silhouette was "impractical" because many brides "think they can pull it off, but really can't" -- as if my 5'3", 125 lb figure wouldn't be able to handle such a vampy cut.
She brought me two dresses to begin with.
One was taffeta and pink, with assorted Swarovski crystals tacked on in a way that appeared as if someone mixed the beads with super glue and put them in the dryer with the dress.
The cut wasn't flattering at all, and it was far from what I indicated that I liked.
Moreover, I had already said that I didn't like taffeta because it looks like a windbreaker, and I wasn't planning on having my bridesmaids wear matching tracksuits or giant clocks around their necks.
I wasn't happy after trying on the first dresses and she made no other suggestions.
I had to ask her to bring me more dresses.
She finally brought me a dress that was $2000, twice the price point that I told her I wanted to stay under.
Then, she preceded to pressure me into buying the dress because she said I would regret my decision if I didn't.
She also made some offhanded comment about how the factory workers who assemble and bead the veils they have make close to 48 cents an hour, which, according to her, isn't bad and it's enough to support a family!
Who knew.
My bridesmaids were all in a huff by this point, and I was also fairly annoyed.
I called out a "Bridesmaids!
Mush!
"  and they took to the racks themselves.
My sister pulled the perfect dress -- slight sweetheart, satin, mermaid, rouching, no beading -- and I knew it was the dress I would be married in the second I put it on.
The the consultant's credit, she did suggest that I go to a room with natural light, as the wedding is outside, and then she was very meticulous in the ordering process.
The consultant didn't bother to say goodbye or even give me her business card.
My dress is gorgeous, and yes, short girls CAN pull of mermaid styles, and I look damn fantastic.
I would not recommend Vera's to any bride or bridal party.
I am hoping the service improves once my dress comes it.
I don't know if I trust them to do my alterations.

Overall, I like Vera's.
I got some great help here, they worked with me and helped me find a great dress.
They have a very good selection, and it isn't nearly as stodgy as the old-style exterior would suggest.
(Well, their bridesmaids section is old and stodgy and even a little dusty -- they should definitely work on that.
) Their bridal selection is wide, and when I was there they had loads and loads of samples in the bad that I rifled through -- some real gems at *something* of a discount -- 30% if you buy it and get alterations elsewhere, 15% if you get alterations in-house.
This policy didn't make any sense to me, and really I think they could attract a lot of buyers with more rebates on samples.
They certainly seemed anxious to get them out the door!
Almost everybody I dealt with at Vera's was nice or very nice.
I wish the place were updated -- I think it would attract many, many more patrons that may tend to go either to Premiere (not my favorite) or David's Bridal (also not my favorite).
I also get the feeling that some of the ladies who work there are not so well compensated and that the business could be doing better.
So spruce it up!
I guarantee there's a giant market in and around Madison just thirsting for a great place to go with the selection Vera's has combined with the prices they could offer, I think, and the style of Premiere.
Every other bride I've talked to has said they are just not happy with any place in town, and many (like me) end up buying out of town in the end.
I didn't end up buying my dress at Vera's for a few reasons.
First, the price on the sample just wasn't much of a rebate -- I found a better rebate on a newly ordered dress from a shop in LA.
Second, I felt they weren't entirely honest with me.
The sample I tried on was one size too small.
They assured me they could make it bigger, and I'm sure they could have.
However, I wanted finally to get it in my size.
When I asked about ordering it, I was told it would arrive too late for my wedding (six months out -- so, yes, a little later than one would like).
Several other shops, though, included the one I finally went with told me separately that this dress is coming in in November.
Vera's offered me the option of paying a rush fee to get it in time.
I think they wanted me to buy the sample and when they saw I was going for the bigger size offered me the rush fee since they'd convinced me it wouldn't come in time otherwise.
For that reason, finally, I didn't feel any twinges about buying the dress elsewhere at a place that also offered me 20% discounts and great customer service.
All in all, I'd love to see Vera's become the kind of place that Madison could really use -- one that attracts more patronage, offers some good deals, has a much more updated bridesmaids section (much, much more updated), and perhaps has a nice facelift!
It's a good business overall, but I have a feeling it's being run like a 1960s business instead of a modern one that must attract a different kind of clientele that knows a great deal more, has different expectations, and can often get things at a rebate online.

I went to Vera's around 2 years ago when I was first looking for dresses because they carried the line that I was looking for.
I went in for my appointment and was met with general unfriendliness despite the fact that dress shopping should be a happy task.
I ended up purchasing my dress from a store back home in CT to avoid any additional unpleasant dealings with Vera's.
Fast forward to today, 2 weeks before my wedding.
My dress will be making a long trip out to WI from CT, and I am concerned that it will need to be pressed before the wedding.
Since Vera's sells the same dress that I purchased, I decided to give them a try to see if they could help me out.
They first refused to shoulder the liability of pressing my dress, and then made it sound like my request for suggestions of another place to go was absurd.
Rudeness seems to be in the company culture, and I would highly recommend finding a different bridal store.

I had an absolutely wonderful experience here!
I was a walk-in during the later hours of Saturday afternoon and they were able to fit me in on the spot.
(However, it's probably better practice to make an appointment).
My consultant Tory was very accomodating and brought styles that I asked for, as well as a few that surprised me, which was for the better because I ultimately chose a dress that she picked and I never would have thought was my style.
Vera and her daughter were around as well and were very fun to talk with- what experienced, kind, and knowledgeable women!
All of my questions were answered, Tory stayed within my price range for each dress, and ultimately she is the person I have to thank for finding me the perfect dress!
I will go back for bridesmaid dresses as I didn't look at them this time.

Ultimately, I ended up with what I wanted, but it was an ORDEAL.
And, had I not been paying attention, it could have been a disaster!
Picking out the wedding dress was an overall good experience.
However, when I went there with my bridesmaids to find bridesmaids' dresses, our consultant was extremely rude to us the entire time.
They were also very condescending and mean to my bridesmaid who needed a plus size gown.
I also moved during my engagement.
I gave them the new address, but I still had problems with them sending bills and fabric samples to my old address.
Because of their clerical error, they tried to charge me late fees.
Beware of a few things:    1.
Tell them your price point immediately.
They will bring out the most expensive dresses if you don't.
If your measurements don't seem right, ask them to remeasure.
My first measurements indicated that I was about 3 inches larger in the bust than I am (??).
If I had not known my measurements and questioned them, I would have ended up with hundreds more in alterations.
Ask what your measurements are compared to the sizes of your brand of dress.
I was lucky--the sample size was an 8 (and far too big), and she recommended that I buy an 8.
When I asked what my measurements were they lined up perfectly to a size 6... no bodice alternations needed!
They are ALWAYS trying to make a buck on alterations!
Double check your prices at checkout!!
I had a 10% off code, and they accidentally added 10% to my bill.
They corrected and apologized after I pointed out the error, but still...
beware!!!
Remember that you will likely need your dress shortened.
I'm 5'10" and still needed it shortened.
That plus installing a french bustle equaled $290 in alterations.

I feel like I had a series of odd experiences at Vera's.
When I walked in with my mom, I was just.
plain.
tired.
of shopping for wedding dresses.
Everything was starting to blur into weird and frothy and too matronly or too youthful.
I seem to recall walking through the parking lot and having a conversation with my mother that was basically like, "can we just find something already?
" and I don't know if that was her talking or me, but maybe we were a little bit hopeful.
We met with an associate to whom I said, I think I'm looking for something a bit structured and modern, and I've been drawn to more solid fabrics like taffeta and she said, ok, and returned with a bunch of ethereal organzas and laces.
Alright, fine, you're the boss.
But I appreciated that she appeared to think through the selection process, and only bring me one dress at a time, and said "better or worse than the last one?
" to help narrow things down instead of the free-for-all that you get elsewhere.
And then this weird thing happened where she totally sold me on the lace number.
Three days later I was placing my order, fraught with a fair bit of hesitation, but, well, the decision was behind me.
Their alterations team was phenomenal, though the associate who kept tag teaming with the tailor seemed to keep getting in her way.
They were able to do an expedited turn around for me so that I could do my two fittings in one long weekend while I was in town.
When my mom went to pick up the dress, the train wasn't falling correctly, so she had to work with them a few times to ensure that they could fix it properly.
A big frustration was that the sales team and the alterations people don't seem to be in sync in their communication.
When I first tried the sample on, I was told that it would be easy to remove the rhinestone "bling" at the front of the dress, and that they could easily swap out the odd random rhinestone buttons at the back.
The buttons were a simpler fix thanks to a few random extras they had on hand, but the bling was impossible without completely replacing the satin sash, and they talked me out of making the switch.
In the end, it wasn't a big deal to keep it, but being able to switch it out was part of what sold me on the dress to begin with.

This is a review of my bridal appointment in 2012.
Vera's has some gorgeous dresses and the building itself is very pretty but I was treated horribly here.
My consultant was clearly annoyed by the fact that I had brought an entourage of 5 family members to the appointment.
I was on the lower end of the price scale (under $1000), which I suspect may have been some of the reason for her demeanor with me, which was very cold & dry from the beginning.
You know how those snotty Rodeo Drive shop girls treat Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman?
Yeah, that was the vibe I got from my consultant.
The breaking point for me was when my mom brought in a dress she had found on the rack outside the dressing room (my family wasn't going crazy running around the store or anything) and the sales consultant actually said in a snippy voice "I won't be able to get that over her hips.
" Yes, I have some curves- I'm a size 10!
However, there are ways to give a bride an idea of a dress if the sample won't fit her- hold it up, etc.
I ended the appointment early and went to Brandi's Bridal, where I was treated with respect.
The consultant there made it fun and didn't make me feel crappy about my body.
And I ordered a dress that gorgeously showed off my curves!
I sent a complaint to Vera's and never heard back from them.
"You work on commission, right?
Big mistake!
Huge!

I  came to Vera's after having a horrible experience at Germiane's in Lake Geneva.
The staff at Vera was incredible.
I won my wedding dress and although the associate wouldn't make commission off of our appointment she made me feel like a queen!
In return, all our bridesmaids, mothers, and grandmothers came to Vera's to purchase their gowns.
Vera's = Amazing customer service.
HANDS DOWN.

Amazing experience!
I wasn't expecting to buy a dress here -- I assumed it would be out of my price range because the shop is so beautiful and they have the whole dreamy, private bridal shopping experience going.
But I did find the dress!
I ended up trying on lots of dresses in my 500-800 price range, but ended up leaving with a $178 one!
I know, crazy!
That's a not a typo.
My consultant, Tory, was amazing and got an instant vibe for what I was looking for, easily worked with all the friends and family I brought with, and all around made our experience amazing.
Request her - you will be so happy.
In no way did she try to talk me into a more expensive gown.
And Vera herself (who must be in her 70s or 80s now) even stopped on several occasions to check in, and she is the sweetest thing ever.
I couldn't recommend this place more.
Love!

I had serious doubts and was nervous about booking an appointment.
Wedding dress shopping is an uncomfortable thought---trying on dresses in front of a stranger, half nekkidness, feeling fat or falling in love with a super expensive dress...I was not psyched.
I went to David's Bridal and tried on a few dresses and was almost set, when I thought I should just get a second appointment somewhere else to see what all my options were.
I went to Vera's in September of 2013 and told the salesperson, Beth, what I wanted and my price point.
I was skeptical that she would find what I wanted (after all, I had paged through thousands of website pages looking) but by the fourth dress, she found it.
Low key, no frills, lace V-neck with satin ruching to pull in the waist.
I loved it AND felt skinny (at a size 10-12 that's hard sometimes).
The best part?
The dress was half my price point.
There was no pressure, either, to get a veil or shoes or accessories, which was great.
At my fitting, I didn't need any alterations which again made things easy.
I just can't say enough good things about Vera's.
Highly recommended, and this is coming from a former skeptic.

