It is a wonderful thing when you find an auto mechanic that you trust and like.
My family, friends and others by our recommendation have been going to Mike (and Ann his wife) for years.
We like to keep our cars long enough to have years without car payments, and Mike and his crew keep them running well into their "old" age.
http://www.mikes-place.biz/

If your Miata is acting out, Mike's place is the spot you can trust to straighten up.
Mike is probably the most friendliest Miata Guru that I know, very honest and really reliable.
thanks, Mike!

This place is phenomenal, from the very moment that I entered the shop I was in awe of all of the parts that were strewn across shelves throughout the place.
Mike was amazingly helpful, friendly and answered ever question I had with a smile.
He saved me at least $40 when it came to fixing the instrument cluster in my car, and explained exactly how to fix it.
It's a shame that I'm moving out of AZ because with a Miata I feel that there is no better place to go, I'll definitely be going back before I move to get some more know how and parts!

In my mind, this is what every mechanic's shop should be like - Specialized, Knowledgeable, Honest and Reliable.
Mike specializes in Mazda Miata service in Phoenix area, and he truly knows these cars inside and out.
His experience is invaluable, his shop is impeccably clean and he always has a selection of new and used parts in stock, so that he can get any job done without further delays - and often times at a big savings to the customer.
I do the basic maintenance on my car myself, and MIke is happy to accomodate me, and handle the jobs that I don't trust myself with.
No ego, no attitude.
He is patient and takes the time to educate me about my car when I ask question.
An honest mechanic with a heart of a teacher - what else can you ask for?
PS: Be sure to check out his educational videos on YouTube - just search for Mike MiataKing.

Went to Mike's for new catalytic converter, also had trans/differential oil changed and replaced some worn parts on shifter on 99 Miata.
Work was excellent, he even took the car in for the state emission cert.
Fair price, excellent service, good people, will be taking my car there for any future work.

