Stopped into this salon to get my my nails done and ended up having a facial here - I will be definitely coming back to Marieta.
She cleaned my pores really well, and my skin is glowing.
It was kind of painful since my skin was pretty clogged with about a million little blackheads, so I had this yucky dullness.
After my facial I did have some blotchiness for the rest of the day and into the next, but then... my skin looked amazing!
I think most facialists don't give you a really deep cleaning because they are afraid to hurt you (then maybe you wont come back!
) This was the only facial where I thought I got my money's worth.
The atmosphere is nice enough, nothing special, and there's no tea lemon water or anything, which is kind of a bummer for me at a salon.

My husband purchased a Salon gift package for me here.
I have received a facial and massage.
The ladies are WONDERFUL!!!
Very helpful and knowledgeable, I will be returning many times in the near future.
The facialist even gave me her personal number in case I had any complications or questions.
I thought this was fantastic, and put me at ease since I have not received many facials.
The only reason I don't give it five stars is because the decor and ambiance could be updated/changed.

Great Salon, Excellent prices and you love the work they do.
Ask for Sherry I use her I wont go anywhere else.

i LOVE this place!
Emily J. rocks!
Nice building, relaxing environment, and very professional.
Great prices for their services!
I've only gotten haircuts (around $25) and partial highlights (around $65) here, but now i won't go anywhere else.

I've never had anything but my nails done here which is why I'm giving a 4 rather than 5 since I cannot personally speak on the other services.
But Dex, who did my nails for about a year while I lived in town was AMAZING and deserves 5 stars!!
She was always on time, kept my appointments, worked quickly and did a great job every time.
My nails had never looked better!
Wish I didn't move away...I still haven't found anyone as talented as her.
Miss you Dex!

Abby does amazing work!

My daughter and I had called Salon Espirit several times to schedule our pedicures.
Each time we had verified that their website stated first time customers receive a 50% discount on services.
The first individual we spoke with said she did not know what was posted on the website but would honor whatever it said.
When we finally scheduled a time and date the lady we spoke with confirmed we would receive a 50% discount for two pedicures.
After the services were completed and it was time to pay, both the nail tech and the front desk clerk stated that the website had been updated earlier that day and the discount would only be 20%.
They refused to honor the original agreement.
The nail tech was very nice but she clearly participates in some shady business practices.
The front desk clerk actually copped an attitude when I signed the credit card receipt because the gratuity I paid apparently wasn't enough.
A sure way to make sure first time customers are last time customers.
Even customer due diligence isn't enough when dealing businesses such as Salon Espirit.
Clearly poor management, or no management here!
Buyer beware!

Long overdue review for Susan Tevis!
She is a master nail technician - no - artist - OK - artician.
Originally went in for a haircut and color (done just fine by a great gal) who noticed my bandaged big toe.
Mishap on the Salt River had the nail almost completely torn off.
Long story short, the gal who was doing my hair summoned Susan who didn't get grossed out or shame me in any way and said she could fix it.
What?!
She says a gel toenail will work wonders - it actually helps the nail grow.
So, she proceeded to do just that one nail as a gel and found a matching color in the regular stuff and did her magic.
Nail looked like nothing happened!
Rest of the pedicure was just as fantastic and stayed for a full two weeks - kept going back as the nail kept growing to do the same thing - one gel and 9 regular.
Best part is she only charged me for just a regular pedicure!
Saved sandal wearing summer!
Big fan!
Also, she is featured in many nail art magazines and has had photo shoots done of her work in LA for various events.
She is in high demand during holiday and prom season - so be prepared!

I started going to Carey several months ago.
She just moved to Salon Esprit, and I would highly recommend her.
I get highlights and a cut for $85.00  and am very pleased!
The salon is in the Fry's shopping center.

I get my nails done there.
Dex Nolan is my nail tech.
She does and awesome job!
I like that they call to confirm my appt.
Great place.

Love my hair dresser Bethany and how friendly everyone is at this Salon.
Highly recommend it.

Cindy is the absolute best for a facial.
I come once a month for a chemical peel.
Her prices are extremely reasonable and she gives the best neck massage I have ever had.
My skin is glowing.
She also is the best eyebrow waxer.
Cindy will  take the years off of your face!

Great salon!
Coming from Chicago they do an even better job for a third of the price!
My hairdresser, Brittany, does an amazing job on my highlights and cut and always has great recommendations that leave me walking out loving my hair!
You won't be disappointed if you go here!

