I always find it reassuring when I pull up to a Mexican restaurant that there's a bunch of landscaping trucks parked and the guys are inside eating lunch :)  I thought Mixteca did a pretty good job with my carne asada tacos, rice and beans were not a complete afterthought, decent chips and salsa bar.
The staff was friendly (they actually SMILED).
I was about to get a little p.o.
'd when my taco platter and small Diet Coke was more than nine dollars but rest assured the portions are by no means skimpy.
The decor was typical fresh-Mex beach type, I could certainly see myself enjoying a cerveza on the large patio when the sub-100 degree days resume!

The food here is pretty authentic and portions are way large.
Prices justified.
It's best to go after 1:30 on the weekends when the lunch crowd thins a bit.
You can get Tex-Mex faves like chimichangas, or carne asada soft tacos.
Overall it's worth the price.
I agree it's great to dine outside when temp is below 100.

Eat here!
I ordered the street tacos and they were authentic...I could actually envision getting the same plate somewhere in Mexico.
It was delicious and cheap!
The ingredients seemed fresh.
The serving was plentiful!
The service was fast and friendly.
They were busy the entire time I was there and all the other customers seemed happy.
There is a patio and it looks like they could host a pretty fun event out there, if needed.
There are a couple of tvs so you can watch your favorite sporting event as well.
Keep it up, Mixteca!
I'll be seeing you again on my next trip back to Phoenix.

Found a new place for street tacos!
I drive past this place quite a bit and I always wanted to stop in... Well I did and it was great!
Street Taco Special was $3.99  (03-01-10)   Two tacos with two flour tortillas each, lots of meat and topped with cilantro and onions.
Plus the rice and beans.
Great deal and a perfect dinner!
Reminds me of Rocky Point!
Beers are pricey.. $4 but the cheap food made up for that!

Very greasy food.
I ordered a carne asada burrito and my wife had a hard shell chicken tacos both were so greasy we threw them out and made something else for dinner.
Wont eat here again

My taco tasted just like KFC.
Mixteca somehow found out the Colonel's secret recipe and put it on the taco meat.
While it may actually sound kind of good, no, it wasn't.
The food wasn't very good overall, it was maybe good in the bland 'bertos-esque way that some people seem to like.
The food just wasn't cheap enough to explain away the bland and terrible taste of it.
For the two of us it was barely under $20 and we didn't even each get our own drink.
The highlight of the meal was the drink we shared.
We got a canteloupe/watermelon drink that was off the chain.
Saved themselves from a 1 star review with that gem.
It was crowded and not friendly.

Great Little place for a quick bit to eat.
Has a decently priced menu.
The line moves quick and the salsa bar is all you can eat so two thumbs up.

Fried, greasy, stomache-ache inducing food here and I gave it two tries.
Even applies for breakfast too, especially if you go for the Chiliaquiles.
Salsa bar is a letdown because each salsa is represented twice, so it looks like more options than there really are.

Dear Mixteca,  How I love thee.
Our relationship started so long ago when I was only 16, and you were located on 43rd and Olive.
How far we have come since my lovely high school days.
I am proud to see that you have decided to move closer to me, sweetheart.
I am happy that we can now share the delicious treats that you provide.
Oh how I love your seasoned beef; I crave no other than your lusciousness...your salsa sure does spice up our nights.
I couldn't be happier of the cheapness of our dates...AMAZING.
Thank you so much for giving me the flavor and freshness that I crave in my life.
I know our relationship will continue to go on strong.
Love Always, Rebecca

Good stuff here...
I had a carne asada which tasted charred and had great flavor.
Angie had a bean and cheese burrito, enchilada style... her favorite.
Served with some chips and Salas and even a beer if you wish.
Def a favorite fast food Mex place.

They never let you down!
The bacon, egg, and potato breakfast burrito is an eye opener...
Which helps in the morning.
Carne Asada burrito it hands down awesomeness in a tortilla!
However, my favorite plate is (drum roll) the Chicken Chimi!!!!!
Epic deliciousness, golden fried...
Same color as the streets in heaven.
We will never stop coming here...  God bless you Mexteca!

Mixteca is my favorite fast food Mexican joint.
I usually go here for breakfast and the inside is really nice and it doesn't have an odor like most Filberto's or Rolbertos or Berthabertos, ha ha.
Anyway, I usually get the chorizo plate or chiquilitas plate or breakfast burrito.
The food is always so tasty and the chorizo is never runny, the beans are creamy  and the flour tortillas are pretty good too but not homemade.
The food always comes out in a ceramic dinner plate, not some paper plate and the chips and salsa are to die for.
The hot sauce has a hint of garlic and cilantro (my mouth is watering just describing it).
They have really cool melon and watermelon drinks that my kids love.
My wife always gets a egg, cheese, & pico burrito.
I have not been here yet for dinner but I am sure it is just as good as the breakfast, you can tell the owners put there heart in this place because it really shows.

Fun Saturday night music venue with good food & beer for only a few $.
The music is fun and tunes everyone knows.
The 1$ carne asada tacos are straightforward; meat, cilantro, onion, grilled jalepeño - delicious!
Saw some lucious burgers being served.
Will have to try one next time.
Will definitely be back!
As with any outside venue, as a non-smoking asthmatic I appreciate adherence to the 50ft from door rule.
I'm sure other non-poluters would appreciate as well.
As seems to be the norm, smokers only care about smoking.
I can appreciate that its an addiction, but think of others occasionally please.

Stopped in for a business breakfast.
I had the Chilaquiles with scrambled eggs.
It was great.
It's not really on my side of town but I'd really like to go back and try some other dishes.
Hefty portions at great prices.
All four of us ate well for under $40 including drinks.

Great Place for Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner.
I love their Egg and Cheese Burrito for Breakfast.
Try the Street Tacos.

This place was messy and loud.
The food really wasn't great and the salsa bar looked like a three year old put it together.
Overall the only plus was the tortilla chips that were free before the food.
I will not be back unless one of my friends pays for me

Mixteca was OK. Kind of a cross between Baja Fresh and Robertos.
The quesadilla was decent and the beef tacos were good also, just nothing spectacular.
I would go up the street to "Carumbas" for something better.
Doesn't accept AMEX:(

Carne asada is alright, but you've gotta put more effort into your food than handfuls of shredded cheese on most menu items.
On my second visit, I opted for the green chile burrito...the tortilla was nothing special, and the chile was bland.
You call THAT a green sauce?
As the green, gravy like mixture spilled everywhere, I tried to enjoy it with some tortilla chips.
Their chips aren't anything special either.
I like the salsa bar and the atmosphere, but when it comes to a quick Mexican dining experience, I know you can do tons better.
I don't hate this place, but the bar is set higher in the desert.

My husband called the chicken fajita burrito one bad ass burrito.
The carne asada burrito and quesadilla were equally yummy.
Nice stop for a quick bite.

Best carne Assad burrito I've had EVER!

Mixteca is my go-to spot for Mexican fast food.
It's primarily Sonoran and Baja fare.
All the staples are very good but a few standard orders are the Torta Cubana, Carne Asada/Green Chile/Machaca burritos and shredded beef tacos.
This place isn't going to blow your mind with anything new but as far as Valley Mexican fast food chains go, this is one of the better options.

I want to give more stars and really like this place.
Service was ok, carne asada tacos pretty good.
Price is cheap.
They have beer.
Nice layout and good location.
All great things but................The place is filthy.
If you can't or won't maintain the dining room and bathrooms then just imagine the kitchen.
We didn't catch them on a bad day either.
What a shame.

I've tried a half dozen or so Mexican/Tex-Mex places in Glendale and this is so far the best I've found by far.

I went through the drive through and ordered 1 burrito and chips and salsa.
Got home and realized I didnt have my burrito.
I didnt have enough time to go back and come back home again, so I got ready for work, and then went back on my way to work.
It had now been about 45 minutes since I was at the drive-thru.
I walked inside this time, and explained what had happened.
The girl didnt' seem to care.
She grabbed a burrito that had been sitting in the corner by the drive thru for this whole time apparently.
I was hoping for a fresh burrito to take to work, not an old one that had been sitting out.
She said they could charge me for a new burrito.
I said no thank you I will just take my money back for the one I never got.
She did give it back but dropped my money on the counter with a little attitute.
I guess it was my fault they forgot to put my burrito in the bag?
Went across the street to Carambas to pick up lunch instead.
Love Carambas!

This is a good place to get a cheap meal.
The food is nothing to write home about but it wasn't bad either and CHEAP!
I liked the fun atmosphere.

Worked at the Kmart across the parking lot... My coworkers got a burrito there, and found a bug in it!!
Ewww!

I have had many meals here over many years and have always been very pleased with everything.
I would not hesitate to recommend this place to anyone desiring good Mexican style food.
Thank you Mixteca for your efforts and the great job you do.

Good food big portions reasonably priced.

Picked up a beef fajita burrito at the drive thru.
Long strips of "meat" that was mostly connective tissue and completely unchewable.
I've never had beef fajitas like this, very disappointed.

I have two favorite things about Mixteca..oh make that three.
1) Breakfast burritos.
I think their breakfast burritos are the best and I've tried a lot.
2) Salsa bar!
3) Drive through - because sometimes you don't feel like getting out of the car.
:-)  I pretty much only get the breakfast burritos and chips & salsa.
Everyone I've shared Mixteca with seems to like it too.

One of the best breakfasts I've ever had.
The machaca plate is awesome!
Gets busy on Sundays but so worth it.
Great for dinner too.
Lots of options on the menu and everything is cheap.
Huge portions we always end up taking leftovers home.
Get the watermelon or limeade drink too, you'll thank me.

The best carne asada burrito ever!
The tamales "enchilada style" melt in your mouth.
So good and such quality!

Great Mexican food and is usually serviced fast.

Just OK.
The staff was not friendly at all.
The Carne Asada does have flavor, but they drown the chile relleno in sauce & cheese when you get the combo plate.
I've never had a chile relleno with sauce.
I couldn't even taste the chile with all that goo on it.
If a Mexican place does not have great beans, it shows that they do not take pride in their food.
Mixteca's beans were blah!
The salsa bar was a mess when we got there, and the bar lacks flare.

I've eaten here twice now, once for breakfast and once for dinner.
The food here is just okay, in my opinion.
It is good for when I'm in a crunch and craving Mexican food and need a quick, convenient spot to chow down at.
However, there are definitely way better Mexican dining options out there.
I had the chorizo, egg, and papa breakfast burrito most recently when I visited here.
It is huge!
Definitely big enough to split between two people, and good portion size for the price.

the wait was long, but that means the food was cooked fresh.
it was not bad.
a decent burrito.
something cheesy, greasy and hot was also ordered.
decent food, service was okay.

Never coming here before, I was surprised that this place is basically like a fast food Mexican restaurant.
It even has a drive thru.
But lots of people have told me how good it was so I tried it anyway.
I ordered their street taco special which is basically like two small carne or pollo asada tacos with beans and rice for $5.50.
It was a great deal and really filling for the price!
There are bottomless chips for dine in customers although the chips were slightly stale because they were sitting out for people to refill themselves.
They had a salsa/condiment bar and I sampled all the different kinds they offered.
They were all fresh and tasty!
Overall, great quick spot for Mexican food in the area.
Definitely will be back soon!

This place is gross.
The food is not good at all.
My husband and I were in search for good Mexican food (and still are) good thing we only ordered one burrito I couldn't even choke it down

So Mixteca was recommended to my wife from a co-worker.
She described it as a neighborhood local go to place with really good food.
We went and I agree, the food was delicious and large portions.
Hope to visit again, maybe after a Cardinals game.

I don't know if I am lucky or unfortunate to live so close to this Mixteca.
You see, the food is just so good and cheap that it us difficult to use any self restraint.
The ambiance is unique and there are regular patio events that look fun too.
Prices are on par with any valley berto's shop.
Place your order, grab some chips and salsa from the bar and take a seat.
Food is typically served quickly, but I have been in there when there was a crowd and wait times can increase.
Worth it though, because the food is plentiful and superior to other area taco shops.

Breakfast burrito for the second day in a row.
They are great!!!!!
I have been to Mixteca before this is my first review for it.
I hate to beat a dead horse but I need a half star.
Burrito was great but no better than the one I had yesterday at big burrito.
The only difference was the ambiance is much nicer at Mixteca although the salsa isn't nearly as good.
If big burrito was a nicer location I would rate it higher than Mixteca and vice versa if the food were better at Mixteca I would rate it higher.
So as far as breakfast burros go it's a tie.

Mexteca, while not known for their breakfast menu, has quite the selection of breakfast burritos and other breakfast items including pancakes with eggs and bacon.
I opted to go with the pancakes meal, having had a breakfast burrito the day before.
I was pleasantly surprised with how good it was.
The eggs were delicious and the bacon was even better.
The pancakes themselves were okay hence the three star rating.
The staff was friendly and the dining area was clean and well maintained.
I would definitely recommend Mexteca, but I would suggest sticking with the breakfast burritos in the morning.
Enjoy!

Mixteca is a cool little Mexican shop in the Glendale area.
On Friday and Saturday nights they have a car show in the parking lot and music, sometimes even bands out there.
It's really cool.
As for the actual food here, I've only ordered breakfast burritos which are the bomb.
Literally speaking, they can be a gut bomb but that not is always a bad thing.
I recently ordered a bacon, cheese, egg, potato burrito and it was excellent, just really hard to finish, so think about sharing?
I have had better breakfast burritos in my life, but I've had a lot worse, and this one is was far from the worse.
I wish I could give a half star here to make it 3 1/2 stars for the carswhows at least!
Anyways this is a good local hangout with decent food.

This place is awesome!
Salsa bar, beer, margaritas and authentic tasty Mexican food.
This place has the best ceviche tostadas.
EVER.
Hand down.
The machaca  burritos are amazing too.
The carne asada tacos are just ok. Not taco truck status, but still yummy.
The guac kind of ruined it for me.

If you like good drinks, beer and great food this is the place to visit on Saturday nights.
Remember it is no frills and the food comes on paper plates.
Live entertainment on the patio which seems to start out Meh but gets better with every beer LOL.
Before or after eating you can visit the car show in the parking lot - usually a few hundred cars (Saturday night)

Went to listen to a band play and grab a bite to eat.
They were crowded so we grabbed the first open table.
My drink was flat when she brought it out.
Didn't really seem to phased her when I told her and said oh sorry and moved on to taking our order.
After about 10 minutes she asked me if I wanted something different  to drink besides the flat soda.
I stated I would.
My food came out wrong but I was so hungry I just ate it anyways.
It was soggy and nasty, I only ate half of it.
Over all I was not really not impressed with the food nor the service.

Great family owned restaurant with the best Mexican food I have ever had!
I've lived in AZ my life and know good Mexican food and this is it!

After waiting in the drive thru for about a half an hour with only three cars ahead of us, came home to open the bag with someone else's order... Fail!

This place is a Dump and so dirty  start out with the chips  everybody hands on the chips and kids diging in with hands :P  that little scooper just doesnt cut it ..The owner or lady who works their  she starts with picking up the big dirty matt  on floor by ice tea drink also dirty rag sitting on side of ice tea  drinks and coke machines then with her bare hands she goes to ice tea tanks and puts them in placer then goes and washes down tables with dirty water then comes back put in napkins in holder and then messes with sauce cups and lids for drinks all from the start of that matt on floor she did not wash her hands.
The Food was ok nothing i would write home abt ..
I dont care how cheap the food is .. wold not go back their again .

I really enjoyed Friday evening meals at Mixteca for the last few years.
But their focus is now on Friday night partying and it doesn't seem as family friendly anymore.
I usually order three full meals for our family and have always been very pleased that the food is so hot, I have to put something under the bag on my lap.
But last night, the food wasn't even warm so it all had to be heated up.
That's not what I expected after waiting for 20 minutes for my to go order.
They have changed the red sauce recently so if you're looking for lunchroom cafeteria reddish sauce with no flavor, this is the place.
Although I have traditionally enjoyed their enchiladas, it isn't the same without the cheese being melted instead of just a yellow hunk.
Bottom line, this place isn't what it used to be.
I'll give it one more try on a breakfast burrito but it may be that they would rather be a bar than a restaurant.

I am from So.Cal where there is plenty of great Mexican Restaurants!
This place is a gem!
The food is awesome!
Free chips in salsa bar!!
Go it's great!

I only gave it 3 stars.
We live right by Mexteca so a lot of times it's our go-to place for Mexican food.
Lately we've been disappointed.
I always order street tacos and they don't seem as fresh as they used to be.
My husband gets the Mexican pizza and he can say the same.
The breakfast burritos seem like they've been pre made and warmed up...they used to be much fresher.
This place isn't as busy as other competitors near by like Carambas, yet the wait to get your food is really long.
The workers also don't seem as friendly anymore.
I don't know if something has changed with management or if my husband and I are just tried of eating here.
Prices are decent and decor inside is nice!
Just not the best food anymore.

It was extremely noisy and congested inside and in line for the register.
But we got our food fast and it was great!
Getting to-go boxes was a bit of hassle because we had to go back to the counter for them, and as mentioned, it was a bit crazy in there.
The person who got the to-go lids for me was a little rude but he was busy and I didn't take it personally.
This place seemed very popular!
It wasn't the best that we had two babies (because of how crowded it was) but it was good and we'll go again.

I'm Mexican-American, Arizona native-born and raised here.
I've experienced better quality Mexican food elsewhere because here it's not only very expensive, they used the same ingredients in their soups but change meats.
Burritos, combos, appetizers, soups, signature seafood, breakfast combos and burritos are small and too expensive.
It's no wonder nobody notices because most patrons are too drunk to see the price is too high.
Tacos are the only reasonably-priced menu items that are worth having.
There are better authentic Mexican restaurants nearby, such as, Herrera's, Valle de Luna, and original Garcia's on 35th Ave & south of McDowell Rd (with music).
The decorations they have is overwhelming and looks like they are hoarding them but most everyone is too drunk to notice.
They hired girls who dress a bit SLEAZY to get the patrons to buy more drinks.
What happen to this place, the owner got greedy and needs money.
What is with the 3-5 star ratings!
Are you blind!
Oh, yeah and they are now so s-l-o-w, it took them 35 minutes to make two lousy fish tacos.
Who they hired beginner cooks!
And they put up phony food photos, the portions are much smaller.
Any reviews prior to spring of 2013 are way better than after the summer of 2013.

