I've used ABF UPack for two cross country moves and have been very satisfied with their service.
In fact, I recommend them to everyone I know who is contemplating a long-distance move.
The first time I used UPack they dropped off a trailer, which we packed ourselves and then put up a bulkhead barrier.
They leave the trailer with you for 3 days to load it and then 3 days on the other end to unload it.
For our recent move we got one of their ReloCubes - which works basically the same way except that all the space is yours and you lock it with your own lock.
The staff at the Phoenix location are very professional and helpful.
The driver that dropped off the ReloCube after we arrived was very friendly and even gave me some tips on local places to check out since I was new to town!
It is a great way to move long distance with out have to worry about driving a big truck or towing a trailer.
And its very affordable in comparison to full-service moving companies.

Was completely mislead by website on suggested trailer for my home.
Went with suggested trailer only to later find out, only 13ft of that trailer was in the quote.
$800 additional charge after the fact does not sit well with me and I will never use or recommend them to anyone ever again.
Also the danger of a $300lb detached ramp is an accident waiting to happen.

First, you must understand that ABF is NOT a full service moving company.
ABF is a freight company that provides a freight trailer and ships your items.
Packing, loading, and unloading services are contracted out to local moving firms, all of which is coordinated by a company named MoveBuilder.
One moving company will pack and load your items at your current home, then the items are transported to your new address where the unloading is performed by an entirely different moving company.
This makes it very difficult to keep your items organized.
Other moving companies maintain the same crew from start to finish, which goes much smoother.
The major problem I had was with the estimate.
A telephone interview is performed to generate an estimate.
I provided all the details requested, and received an estimate of $7100 for everything (full packing, loading, transport, unloading).
At the time of loading, the moving crew discovered that the trailer provided was not large enough to hold all of our items.
The representatives at MoveBuilder stated I would need an additional 7 feet of space in one of their other trailers at a cost of $2700 -- a 38% increase in price over the estimate.
I spoke at length with them about this, and they offered no other options (e.g.
split the cost, subsidize a UHaul, etc).
When I asked about the gross inaccuracy of their estimate, they stated that their estimates are usually very close and had no explanation for what happened in our case.
I would recommend avoiding this company unless you have a relatively small amount of stuff that you can easily pack & load yourself into a POD.
Go with a traditional moving company if you need to pack & move a household.

Totally unprofessional!
Their time is much more valuable then yours and they show no concern for the things you are shipping.
Requested a 13 hour pick up window for the trailer!
STAY AWAY FROM THESE PEOPLE!!

Friendly driver was very helpful with apartment staff to find a location for the large trailer.

