If you want attention to detail, great quality and a decent price, this is the place to take your car.
Eric , Dan and the whole crew were absolutely phenomenal.
Never new hail damage could be as painless as it was.
If you get into an accident or just need some custom body work, take it here, you wont be sorry.

I recently went to a few body shops in this area for some minor damage to the front end of my Nissan Titan.
I wanted to go out of pocket b/c the price to fix seemed like it would be far less then my deductible from my insurance.
I always shop 3 places and pick the price that is in between.
All companies I went too were very nice & professional, and all pointed out that the cosmetic dmg appeared to be from a minor impact (hard to see if not up close) and the reason my front end was lose was due to clips/screws/bolts what have you wearing and falling out, or shaking lose upon the impact.
The first 2 places quoted me around $100 and promised me a speedy fix.
At Capitol, I spoke with Ronnie, and he let me know that the clips were extremely inexpensive (like 10c a piece), and fixed it right there on the spot for me, no charge!
I was so impressed, and know that in the future if I ever have any work that needs to be done, I will be heading over to these guys!
No I do not know any of the employees nor am I affiliated with them in anyway, I was just super impressed.
This is actually my first online review!
Way to go Capitol!

I had an Issue after getting my vehicle repaired at this shop.
However, I do believe this was an honest mistake.
Capitol Collision was quick to give me a call to get more information.
I took my car back to the shop and they sincerely apologized for any inconvenience and made sure they accommodated to my needs as my vehicle was being worked on.
They truly went over the top by providing me with a loaner vehicle and compensating for any possible inconvenience.
Thank you for taking the issue into your hands and making sure it was resolved.
I greatly appreciate it.

Great staff, friendly and they do a great job.
I have taken it both times my car needed work and each time I have been 100% satisfied!
Thanks again!

Getting my Jeep repaired at Capitol Collision Probably one of the best decisions I made.
They went above and beyond the job.
They restored my Jeep to a better condition before the accident..
Excellent Work!!
Excellent customer service!!

This is where you need to take your car!
Dan, David, Ronnie, and Melissa are experts!
Our '01 Camry looks better than new!
The team at Capitol took a bad situation and made it good.
They were fast, courteous, and professional.
I highly recommend them and will take our vehicles to them in the future.

I went to several body shops around the valley for a quote to fix my car and by far Capitol Collision Repair was the most reasonable!
They were fast, friendly and got the job done.
My car looks brand new, they even washed it inside and out.
Look no further than Capitol Collision Repair YOU WON'T BE SORRY!!!
This is the place to get your car looking like new!

They did a complete paint job on my 88 Jeep Comanche and it looks awesome still a year later.
I also sent a friend who needed the rear hatch of his new Grand Cherokee re-painted.
I can't see the difference between the factory and the repair.
They are fair with pricing and they do the job right.

Capitol Collision did an awesome job on my car.
They helped coordinate repairs with the insurance company, my rental car, and walked me through the whole process.
I was in a little fender bender so they were able to fix my car and repaint my bumper in one day.
They also cleaned the entire interior of my car - I swear it looks better today than the day I bought it.
I also love that Capitol is family/locally owned so I know my money is going right back into my community.

Went in for a quote, which they gave me immediately, and set up an appointment for the repair on the spot.
Fast and friendly.

They are extremely friendly and provide quick and quality work.
My bumper was barely hanging on and within less than two days a new bumper and paint job was done.
Rodney was the mechanic who helped me and kept me updated on all that was wrong.
Outstanding.

