OMG  what amazing prices.
Bought 3 Coils for my Lexus Es-300.
Auto Zone wanted 69.99 each.
Bought 3 for 31.00 each.
Just called on a radiator for my Lexus.
Auto Zone wanted $135.99  Penny Pincher $81.00  These prices are AMAZING!

Always have the parts I need at a very low price.
Most of the parts have warranties as long as you remember to save the receipt.
A low cost and quicker alternative to the big corporate branded parts shops.
As with any part's shop, there are good times to go where it is "dead".
Obviously the weekends at 2pm is not a good time.
But any other time, especially weekdays and evenings is a great time to go.
Also, if you are going into a labor intensive project that requires lots of time to remove the part, make sure the new part is tested and works before installing it.
Example would be a starter on a Crown Vic.
It's a 3 hour job because of the control arms blocking access.
I also got a real good deal on a cooling fan and shroud for my Thunderbird at half the normal price.
I never had a problem with a part from from this shop.
Just make sure you know your vehicle's specifications.

I bought a radiator for my sisters car here last week and couldn't believe how cheap the price was.
Her car is now running like a champ.
The parking lot can be tricky but when your saving lot of dough you look deal with it.

First off, Brake shops are probably the biggest rip-off going.
I bought all the parts here and changed them myself, saving over $100 bucks at least....

You gotta love a good auto parts store that has the parts you need, on hand, for a cheap discounted price.
I just picked up a fuel pump for my truck for $160, comparable to any of the big brand name stores for $220.
Been coming here for the past few years as I've needed to, and they always have the parts I need on hand.
excellent little shop.

By far the best customer service and value for automotive needs.
Was able to return purchase over a month old no questions asked and had the pays I never about $30 less than auto zone.

Great place for parts.
Call first to get a price check and compare it to your other local parts stores.
My last drive to Penny Pincher was worth a 30 mile trek.
Starter Motor: Autozone: $229 (2yr warranty) Penny Pincher $68 (1Yr warranty)  I can buy 2 to cover the 2 year warranty and still save $$!!

