Terrible Customer Service.
As I was driving past the store I saw a huge sign in the window advertising "buy 1 get 1 free" on wiper blades.
With my wipers falling to pieces and monsoon storms looming, I thought it would be a good idea to buy some.
After I picked the specific brand up and declined on "upgrading" to the performance blades (that were not but 1 get 1, funny enough) I was informed that the buy 1 get 1 sale was not in effect until tomorrow.........  Having worked in retail before, it is common practice for a misrepresented sale (most often from a sale display being left up too long -- this case being displayed prematurely) to be overridden by the manager.
The "computer not programmed for the sale" is complete bullshit.
A manager can override anything.
His only solution was to come back tomorrow.
No thanks, Wiper blades falling to pieces + Sudden monsoon storm = Danger   I bought the blades at full price.
I will be back tomorrow to return and re-buy them just to mess with their daily merch return numbers.
But if a store doesn't take pride in taking care of their customers, I can't imagine they would take pride in much else.

I hate getting tires for one thing so it's never going to be a fun experience but I needed them really bad and called discount tires and they said they could do it and when I got there they said no we are about to close.
So I'm thankful that pap boys was open till 8 instead of 6 like the rest of them!
The only thing they didnt do is rotate them for me.

Best pep boys I've been to!!
The customer service is stellar and they will take care of you when your in need.
I walked in needing my brakes fixed 20 mins before they closed and not only did they accommodate me but they finished in less than an hour.
Come here for all of your car service/repair needs!

Very good customer service.
I came in with a brake light out and asked for some help finding out which bulb I would need to replace it, and not only did the employee show me which one I would need, he came out and showed me how to replace it because I didn't know how to do it myself.
This means a lot to me because I would have gone to the dealership otherwise and spent a fortune!
Got this repair done for less than 10 dollars.
Thanks pep boys!

Last week I was desperate need of new windshield wipers when it was raining.
I live close by and stopped in to get a pair.
I had no idea which kind I need or how to put them on.
The guy helped me figured out what I needed and got them on for me!
The price was reasonable and the service was awesome.

This place saved meeee!
I made it into their shop last week in this 100 degree Phoenix weather and they guys there were so polite, helpful, and understanding when they saw me driving in on the rim of my wheel.
I knew I was in need of a couple of new tires, so I had planned on driving over to their shop on my afternoon off to get them replaced since I had seen a few great yelp reviews for this place and located near my job.
I am so glad I found this place because I was on my way there and about a half mile before I drove into Pep Boys my tire blew.
Luckily I made it there and they were very generous and  reasonably priced and also got me in and out of there in less than an hour.
I ended up getting two tires replaced and getting a free oil change!!!
They are also running a special right now to get 3 tires installed and you will recieve a 4th tire for FREE!
I will be back for another service very soon and send all of my friends there for their next car service :) I highly recommend checking this place out!!

Second time I go to those guys.
Great service, friendly and always looking for a solution to your problem.
This time my battery had died.
I didn't even have a receipt but they still trade it without any cost.
Both Nick and the manager John were super friendly and helped me out right away.
Great guys!
I wouldn't go anywhere else as I definitively trust them!

As a young person with little money to spend fixing my car, and a delivery driver that needs their car to work, I've tried on multiple occasions to use pep boys as a nearby repair place.
The first time, they told me that, despite their many POWER tools and such, they couldn't change my oil because they couldn't get the oil pan nut off.
My boyfriend did it the next day, by hand.
How this makes sense, i will never know, but this was nothing compared to the next visit i had.
My car was overheating, because there was air in the coolant line, and that blew my old bleeder valve off.
So, i bought the part, and called pep boys for a quote on a "coolant bleeder valve and the transfer tube thingy" and was greeted with a mere $90 labor price.
Awesome!
So the next day i towed my car there, and showed them the part and, "it's going to be $600".
Excuse me?
I told them what i was quoted and asked to speak to a manager, who took 10 minutes to even come to the counter.
He just told me this is what it is, sorry for the inconvenience.
I towed my car elsewhere, and was told $200, which was fine.
I complained on their website and the manager called me to apologize (i am sure it was forced) and then stated "Women can get emotional when they get something wrong, and it's in their nature to not know what car parts they're talking about".
So, not only due to their lack of service, but now sexism is on their list of reasons to avoid this place like the plague.

$35.
to plug a tire.
Fletcher's only charges $10.
Eff That!

I always warn people I know about this place.
Every time I have went there it was a fight.
Poor service, poor knowledge, poor work done, and you get talked down to.
Save yourself the headache and just go somewhere else.
Please.

Needed service on a Saturday People were friendly and quick Great job

Three flat tires in as many weeks.
I got a great deal on replacement tires.
When you go for car repair, ask for John.
He'll tell you what's wrong with your ride, what it'll take to fix it, and will cut you a fair price.
Great service as always.
Been a customer for many years, and I've never had any problems.

