Excellent appointment notice, punctual, excellent service and great follow up.

First, the girl that answers the phone (Ana?
) was great.
But, that's the only good thing I can say about my experience with this company.
First, it's a $90 service charge to come look at your appliance.
The guy that came out spent about 10 minutes being extremely dramatic about the tiny dent on my Viking range (it was damaged during shipping and is being repaired by the vendor).
He sighed repeatedly and gesticulated -- it wreaked of "used car" tactics to undervalue your trade-in.
Anyway, the point was to get enough information to put together a quote.
The quote didn't come for over a week, and several phone calls on my part.
When it finally came it was pretty sparse: http://screencast.com/t/2qobAyP4    Did you notice the part where it said the $90 diagnosis fee would *not* be deducted from the repair cost?
In any case, I told them to schedule the repair.
I forwarded the quote to the vendor reimbursing me for the repair, and they asked for part numbers for validation.
I asked Red & White for the part numbers and they told me that it's "against their policy to give out part numbers".
I explained to them my specific situation.
They thought about it for a day and came back to me with the same answer -- "no part numbers -- that's our policy".
Okay, okay.
We've all been victims of retarded company "policies".
But, keep this in mind -- this is a tiny company.
Could be 2 people.
Could be 10.
But, it's not 500.
"Policies" are established by a dude you can talk to, not some vague committee in the sky.
Since the reason for the policy wasn't explained to me, I can only imagine that the it's because they don't want me to look up the real cost of their parts because of course they are charging me 3x what I can buy them for myself.
The truth is, I just want it fixed; I don't really care what their profit model is.
Anyway, my conclusion is that these guys are institutionally shady.
Alternatively, they think so much about minimizing losses that they completely ignore maximizing gains.

Stay away from this company, they just sound shady.
I had to buy a replacement control panel for a Viking oven and called them about doing the replacement.
"It's not our policy to replace a part we didn't provide.
"   Never mind that the part is still new in an unopened box from Viking..........

Marvelous people.
On time, honest, knowledgeable and fair.
Have used them three times on my old Sub Zero (22 years old).
Another vendor just wanted to sell me a new fridge.

