Physicians assigned to this clinic are generally medical students that haven't graduated yet.
So their medical knowledge and experience is very limited.
In my particular case, my MD completed his medical schooling in the Carribean.
I saw a 2nd physician one day when my regular physician could not see me.
She was even worse and was clearly not educated or prepared to discuss what needed to be discussed from a medical standpoint.
I was receiveing injections that I could have done at home myself, but my physician would not authorize this.
So this ended up costing me about $50 a month what with the medicine and the nursing visit (and this was after insurance).
Plus I had to go into the clinic every month, taking time off from work.
After going to the clinic for nearly a year, I called one day to schedule an appointment to see my physician and was told he had graduated and was no longer at this clinic.
My doctor never even bothered to tell me he was leaving nor transition my case to another doctor at the clinic.
Very unprofessional.
On one visit, they just left me waiting in the lobby for nearly an hour before they called me back to see the nurse.
However, during this time I saw many people go in and out and some that were there after me.
I also noticed some of the nursing staff huddled together joking and laughing it up, while patients waited outside to be seen.
And don't even get me started on the goons that they refer to as security at this place.
I was verbally assaulted by one of them when I went in one day for my monthly visit.
And have been made to feel uncomfortable by other guards on other occassions.
After a year, I just had enough and will find a new clinic.

I wanted a general practitioner just in case something happened, and once I found out they do lady appointments too, I thought 'great, one stop shop.
'  I stayed with Peppertree for a year and a half and I'm over it.
Don't come here.
It's not the medical and nursing staff - they're fine.
It's everything else.
If you call for an appointment, be ready to wait on hold for at least 10 minutes before you get to talk to someone...every single time.
I've waited for 25 minutes before getting tired and hanging up.
And I can't forget the time that I'd already been on hold for 15 minutes when the main St. Joe's operator picked up and told me that the entire Peppertree staff had just left for lunch and wouldn't be back for another hour or so.
He suggested I call before the lunch hour next time.
"I did.
15 minutes ago.
I've been on hold.
"     The people at the reception desk are bored at best and rude at worst.
They're irritated at you for standing in front of them.
Don't expect to see the same doctor over and over again.
Want to create a trusting patient/doctor relationship?
Won't happen.
In the year and a half I went to Peppertree, I saw 4 different doctors.
The first doctor I saw there ended up moving but I wasn't informed until I went to make a follow up appointment with her.
No letter informing me of her departure... nothing.
I started seeing a new one but when I needed a certain lady procedure, they said they'd only do it on a certain day and the doctor that had already been up in my business wasn't working then.
So someone else got to poke around up in there.
There are more stories, but I think I've made my point.
Finally, after making the decision to switch, I went in to fill out all the paperwork to obtain my medical records.
It's been a month and I still don't have them.
I called to follow up and I was transferred FIVE times because no one thought it was their responsibility.
Eventually I end up with someone who was able (willing?
) to track down my request...she says they were sent.
I never got them.
No problem, she says, she'll send them again... but it's going to have to be 10 cents a page.
*facepalm*

I have had great doctors here, knowing first hand that yes they are resident Dr. that's no problem, only when they have to do the hospital rounds and its hard to get a appointment with them, when they do leave to do their own practice, They have sent me a letter saying they are leaving and who they recommend to see.
Yes it can be frustrating having that paitent Dr relationship that will only last a year, but I solved all that by asking if there is a Dr who is going to stay with PepperTree, and found one, and saw her regularly.
People are complaining on here, but you have to work too, ASK questions, is my Dr a new resident which would mean they will be working at PepperTree for a year or have they been here a few months so that means I only get to see them a few months.
When I first started going I didn't know, but then I ASKED questions and now I have a regular Dr who IS NOT going to have to do hospital rounds and is going to leave in a year.
Just like everything else you have to do, if in doubt ask questions

Horrible doctors office they make you wait forever staff rude my doctor's semi-nice I wasn't able to see her on one appointment they assigned me to a different doctor for that one appointment and this guy was a jerk did everything including call me a drug seeker and accuse me of sallying my prescription drugs on on the street just because I am Hispanic I suffer from depression panic attacks and anxiety attacks and he accused me of selling my anxiety medicine on the street telling me they have to street value that is the reason why I ask for so much of my medication I need my medicine to help me with my anxiety and panic attacks & then says he won't give me any more.
Prescriptions than has the nerve to ask me why do I look so down so I tell him I suffer from depression that's why & my grandmother died that morning what kind of place is this !
Does anyone know if I can I sue them for those types of accusations isn't that like a racist thing or something .

Horrible doctors office they make you wait forever staff rude my doctor's semi-nice I wasn't able to see her on one appointment they assigned me to a different doctor for that one appointment and this guy was a jerk did everything including call me a drug seeker and accuse me of sallying my prescription drugs on on the street just because I am Hispanic I suffer from depression panic attacks and anxiety attacks and he accused me of selling my anxiety medicine on the street telling me they have to street value that is the reason why I ask for so much of my medication I need my medicine to help me with my anxiety and panic attacks & then says he won't give me any more.
Prescriptions than has the nerve to ask me why do I look so down so I tell him I suffer from depression that's why & my grandmother died that morning what kind of place is this !
Does anyone know if I can I sue them for those types of accusations isn't that like a racist thing or something .

Called one day, had an appointment the next.
It was explained this was a facility for training interns.
I assume the U of A.  I am OK with that.
They gave me a gate code so I'd have a parking spot.
I performed the usual health history & intake routine.
I was treated well, taken quickly to a "Yellow Team" appointment room.
This was an appointment for a physical exam.
A nurse took my vitals, did sight and hearing tests, adding my results to a computer system that was not behaving well.
Whenever I step to a service counter, the computers go to strange inner places.
I am mostly patient with computers but think anyone wanting a Singularity Chip implanted in their brain does not really work with computers realistically.
The doctor was thorough and friendly.
I was offered prescription refills.
I don't need them from this facility.
I was told there are extended hours here, same-day and weekend appointments to save emergency room visits.
I'll continue using the services of Peppertree Family Practice.

A miserable front office.
Ridiculous wait times, even when showing up early for a scheduled appointment.
It's been like that for years.
They're oblivious to thier own problems and must not give a rat's butt.

Classic bate and switch.
I chose this practice as my PCP because they have a few docs on the Phx Top Doc list.
But you cannot see them!
When you call in you can only see a resident.
I am going to have to call my insurance and change my PCP again.
If I wanted to see residents I would go to the ER.

I called and made sure that I have an appointment, as well as my medical records needed to be requested, I come in find out that my medical records from previous doctor where not requested, I sat in the clinic for 2 hours saw the doctor for 10 min, she didn't listen to anything I was saying and flat out told me that because I am 21 I don't have ADHD and I have anxiety instead wtf?
I also needed a new birth control shot that was never addressed...even when I mentioned I needed birth control several times, when I mentioned it again they told me they already had my discharge paper so I guess I am just gonna get prego!
Ugh

