I was lucky enough to have Flowers By Jodi put together the floral for my wedding last weekend.
She did an amazing job.
Jodi is a character, just hilarious.
She heard exactly what I want, and nailed it.
Her prices were fair as well.

Jodi is amazing.
My bouquet was everything that I wanted, and more, and my bridesmaids were awesome too.
In addition to bouquets and boutonnieres, she made seat placements for my mom, grandma, my husbands grandma, grandpa and ta ta as they were ill or had passed away and were, obviously, unable to attend our wedding.
It was a very kind suggestion.
My centerpieces were massive and were heavenly.
I can't express my gratitude enough for the beautiful flowers!

I LOVE Flowers by Jodi!
She did SUCH an amazing job on my wedding last year and I have recommended her to many of my friends since!
Her flowers were so so fresh, her staff-so sweet, and she is just a joy to work with!
It is truly refreshing to find someone who loves their job as much as Jodi does!
Thanks, Jodi for a great job!

Jodi is amaze-balls!
Such a hard worker, and totally fun to work with.
She worked within by budget and didn't try to pull anything shady cost wise.
(I had been burned at a previous consultation with another florist when I told the girl my vision and budget and she sent me a quote for double what I could afford...
ugh.
)  But not Jodi.
She does gorgeous work and is extremely talented.
Search no further brides, Jodi is your gal!

Jodi did the flowers for my wedding in February 2012.
She was incredibly fun to work with and made some helpful suggestions that actually wound up saving us money.
She delivered the flowers to the resort exactly when she said she would and they were stunning.
My bridesmaids were thrilled with their bouquets, the moms loved the wrist corsages and the guys were satisfied with the boutinierres (simple white roses).
My bouquet of picasso lillies was absolutely amazing and I still smile when I think about them.
You really can't go wrong using Jodi for your wedding flowers!

Does good designing, but her customer service needs work.
First I am the mother of the groom and when I went in to place my order, I had told her that I was arranging the entire wedding, I was placing the order and I was paying for the order.
So I was surprised when she called my phone, she asked for my daughter in law.
No biggie, I sent in a $200 deposit and all was great.
Until my daughter in law was diagnosed with cancer and sent all the plans up in smoke.
I contacted them to see if I could change the order to just the bouquet and boutonniere.
I had a not so sympathetic girl tell me to have the bride call them closer to the wedding date.
I was floored.
A) I just told you she had cancer B) I placed the order and am paying the bill.
My DIL didn't even know what I ordered, it was a surprise.
I got a call yesterday by a sugary sweet woman asking if we still needed the order.
I told her that my kids got married by the justice of the peace a month ago, because she was sick with cancer and they wanted to be married in case she didn't make it.
The response was "I'm so sorry, she'll be in my prayers"

Jodi and her staff were great.
She was able to deal with the constant changes that we were making to our order with ease.
Her prices were about half of what we were getting quoted at other places.
The only thing that was a little different during our consultation with Jodi than with other flower shops was that the building of the bouquets and centerpieces were not as detailed as with other shops.
We left much of the building of the flowers to her expertise.
This turned out OK as all the flowers pieces turned out beautiful.
The roses that were placed on our wedding cake made it look amazing beyond words.
Would definitely be recommending Jodi to others.

The bride's bouquet came out great.
The centerpieces were great.
The boutonnières were wilted and dead and apparently not exactly what the bride had asked for.
They all had to be taken off right after the ceremony.
I didn't have them for the reception.
Everything was perfect except for that, but they were a huge miss.

I called Jodi at 4:00 on a Saturday for a same-day boutonnière for my daughter's date to a dance.
She happily accommodated us even though she's a wedding florist!
Heart of gold!
And beautiful boutonnière!

I spent a lot of money on my flowers for my wedding day and the day of my wedding when the flowers arrived they looked horrible.
They were dried and dead and the boutonnieres for the groomsben were dead by the time the cereomy was over.
I WOULD NOT reocmmend using flowers by Jodi.
You will waste a lot of money.
HORRIBLE!!!

