My rating should probably really be about 3 and a half stars.
I've been to this shop and purchased instruments and supplies quite a few times (even when the shop was located on Camelback).
The best thing about Bizarre guitar is the huge selection of electric and acoustic instruments (low end and high end).
We're talking Fender, Gibson, Epiphone, Larrivee, Martin, and more.
The staff is helpful and knowledgeable too.
You can also find some drums.
This is a good example of a good independent local music shop, which it seems is becoming rarer with the emergence of Guitar Center.

I purchased a kids guitar awhile ago from Bizarre Guitar as a gift for someone.
I wound up returning it and was given a $79 in store credit slip.
The problem is, the in store credit had an expiration of 30 days, which I was unable to use in that time frame.
So basically, Bizarre Guitar took $79 of my money and I got nothing.
The staff also seemed snobby and offish when I was in there making the return.
Screw this place.

Say, this place is great for serious musicians.
I've been in a number of times, and I've always been respected and treated well by the staff.
They are not a bunch of kids running around at an after-school job.
These are pros who, when not behind the counter ringing someone up, are on the floor spreading their knowledge and even building custom instruments.
Last time I was there, I only bought a few small things, low-margin items for them.
They were still cool to me because they know they will get the big sale when I come back with dough.
They know serious musicians get GAS (Gear Acquisition Syndrome).
'Nuff said.
Check them out for a great selection, new and used.

Good selection, good prices but not really sure how much I trust this store.
It's one of those used car salesman kind of music shops which have pretty things which may have questionable history.
Because of their great selection, I come back a good amount and look around.
The staff is nice, but they always stand over you like a hawk and try to prove that they know more than you about what you came in asking about.
The selection is pretty righteous, Marshall Stacks, lots of older American made Fenders, racks of Martins, Taylors and Alvarez acoustics,  some PA equipment and a good selection of Bass heads and cabs.
It's just their policies (way under valuing trades and not allowing you to test stuff without being hassled by them) and their staff's slimy personalities that keep them down.

I was given a gift certificate for this place and drove 25 miles to get there, not happy about that.
But, I spent a half an hour there looking at the HUGE selection of guitars, probably way more axes than any other place in The Valley!
They had very few used instruments, which is what I am always looking for, so nix the 5 Star rating there.
What they do have is a mighty collection of many brands of guitars you don't see anywhere else- Charvel customs, a plethora of all kinds of Jacksons, and the usual assortment of Fender, Gibson, PRS, etc.
etc.
Not too many accessories or effects, but a vast, huge, and colorful assortment of guitars... Definitely worth a look!

Generally speaking, this place overprices their gear and lowballs you if you take anything in to sell/trade.
They do have a great selection, but DEFINITELY don't take anything to trade in, and hope to be able to haggle if you want to buy something here - unless you really, really want one of their used items.
Since you can't respond to owners publicly (or at least I can never figure out how), I'll just say I brought in good gear and was offered less than half of what I got in Craiglist - where I got multiple offers within a couple hours.
Pretty sure I priced it below what they would've done, too, based on similar stuff.
I wasn't trying to "unload" anything, just got a great deal on a better equipment.
Don't get me wrong, this place is way better than Guitar Center, and they always have some amazing guitars in stock - just don't expect to get a good deal on a trade-in.

Bizarre Guitar has a great selection of new gutars and amps, especially on the high end.
They have a full stock of Gibson and Martin acoustics, which is pretty rare.
I'd imagine the selection is the best in the Valley  They carry relatively few used instruments but you can ocassionally find unusual, cool used stuff.
Prices are ok - don't expect any great deals.
They used to be much more competitively priced.
They lose points on customer service.
You can't touch a guitar without asking permission and if you do ask to play they hover over you,   If you're just going in there to buy strings or a cord, expect to be treated like an annoyance.

I visited this store for the first time a couple months ago to get some strings.
The staff helped to find the strings that I wanted and made some good suggestions.
Good transaction.
Came back this week to purchase a nylon string guitar.
I came here after spending a half hour at Guitar center waiting for a sales person to help me.
I'm not sure what some of these negative reviews are about.
They showed me their stock of nylon string acoustics, took several down for me to play, and left me alone to play them each one by one.
I decided on a Hofner HZ27.
They even threw in a new set of strings.
After playing it for a day, I realized that I should have selected an instrument with a cut away.
I called and asked if I could bring it back and upgrade and they agreed, no problem.
I brought the Hofner back today and again, played a couple more instruments.
Same as before, they took them down one at a time and left me to play.
I asked to see a Taylor NS24ce.
I told them I probably couldn't afford it, but would like to play it anyway.
He took it down and I ended up buying it.
It had a tiny buzz, so they did a neck adjustment on the spot.
Again, they threw in a set of strings.
Never had that happen at Guitar center.
From now on I am buying my instruments at Bizarre.
Guitar Center lost a customer today.

Great place for speakers of any kind.
I travel all the way from Chandler to get my stuff here.
Not a big fan of GC.
Personel of the place has never been any help to me what so ever tho.
But then again I know going in what I want and know I can get it there.

Great selection!
I didn't buy anything but imagine they would haggle with me on the price if I really wanted something.
Worth a visit for sure.

Mediocre selection.
I was told by many people that this shop had the best selection of vintage gear in Phoenix.
Aside from four or five decently priced vintage Fender amps all the used gear was used within the last 10 years and not priced well.

I usually give any place that ISN'T Guitar Center extra points just for making it, but you have to have some kind of customer service.
Staff is rude, snobbish, and their guitar selection really isn't that great.
Yeah, I've played Martins, Gibsons, Fenders, yadda yadda yadda, so has everyone else and their grandmother.
Get some vintage offsets, Gretsch, or Vox guitars to even start being "bizarre.
" Prices were on the high side, but if you're going for the Rics, money is no object anyways I suppose.
I'm fairly certain if they knew I was in the market for one, they'd perk right up.
I'm not surprised other people had bad experiences with returns or even sexual harassment.
In fact, as I walked out, I could of swore I heard 'Deliverance'-style dueling banjos playing, or maybe it was 'Comanche' by The Revels?
Avoid and take your hard-earned cash elsewhere.

I have to admit, I was a little hesitant going here because of the reviews but I heard they had a huge selection and I was looking for something specific.
Staff were friendly and helpful.
They just asked (politely) that I let them take the guitar off the rack if I wanted to try one.
I'm ok with that.
When I wanted to try one out, a staff member took it down and quickly tuned it up for me, then left me to noodle around.
No hovering.
No pressure.
Pretty low key to be honest.
I left with a guitar that was on sale for an awesome price.
Mint condition and set-up perfect.
All around a good experience.

