Ok I am a bit scared to be the first to review this store!
Despite it's location, it's really cool inside.
Tastefully decorated with the "safe stuff" at the door...lingerie!
I have about a half dozen different teddies and tons of panties from here.
Some of it is so cute!
Of course, there's the cheesy stuff, but you KNOW someone is gonna buy it!
There's a great collection of fetish gear, too, including boots and shoes.
They have the TOYS set up towards the back, a bit hidden for those who might be a bit shy to check them out.
Cashier was helpful...and so was the security guard behind her!
Teehee!
Always a sale, too!

I have heard about this palce before from some online... friends.... yeah, friends!
*wink, wink* and they all claimed it was a nice spot to go and see the latest in fetish gear and whatnot.
So I went and took a couple of friends and it was pretty awesome, I must admit!
:) We went and tried on a few things and I was really surprised to see corsets and stuff in MY size!!
I was jumping for joy as I purchased my totally cute denim corset with matching boyshort!
:)   We even found one for my male friend to wear to an upcoming event!
:) The boots were KILLER!!
OMG!
I WANTED ALL OF THEM!!
But alas, I didn't have the money for them all.
BUT they can special order boots and are pretty cool about thing, so yeah - I'd definiatly go back the next time I'm hankering for a new nighte or corset of doom!
}:D

Don't be scared off by the location!!
Sure, this place looks a bit dingy on the lovely Indian School Road, but its nice inside and the staff is very friendly!
They have a great selection of lingerie here, as well as shoes, oils, stockings, wigs, and other little goodies.
The prices for little babydolls seem to be in the $30 range - which is a pretty good deal; Victoria's Secret would be charging $50+ for the same thing!
Its nicely decorated inside and doesn't feel like you're visiting a creepy sex shop.
The staff is also super helpful and makes you feel comfortable.

Pretty good lingerie store.
A lot of things to choose from they also have shoes as well.
They were out of a few things and in some areas not as much variety in color as I would like but still I was able to make something work and was happy with my purchase.
it's by my job so def my go to spot when I feel like buying something on my lunch for an after work "special" at home :)

The staff is so incredibly friendly & super conscience about quality vs price.
They also have the best plus size options around.
I would recommend this place to anyone & everyone!

Good selection, very friendly and helpful staff and totally reasonable prices.
Found great stuff here.
Thumbs up!

I came in looking for bras and sadly left empty-handed--they didn't have my size.
However, the owner (I think that's who she was) was incredibly sweet and offered some suggestions for other stores that might have what I was looking for.
I was very impressed by her candor and willingness to help me out, even though her shop couldn't do it.
If I ever need something that they do carry, I'll head over there in a heartbeat!

Helpful, positive staff.
Wish there were more plus size costumes,  i.e.
nurse, maid, etc.
Also, u should be able to open products, i.e.
restraints,  before purchasing,  because there are no refunds.
But, overall good experience.

O M G ,  when they named this the Superstore, they weren't kidding!
If you want to dress up for your hubby or simply buy some pretty lingerie for yourself this place has it all!
Its huge!
The sales girls were very helpful and professional.
I really really like this store and its one stop shopping for me and all my under garment needs.

Best hosiery selection in town!
Hundreds of colors and styles to choose from and they offer plus size!
Love it!

Wowzah!
Came here on my lunch break and right when I walked in we were welcomed by the staff.
I was looking for something more naughty...
This place had it.
From fluorescent color bikinis that would look great under a black light.. To your slutty yet sexy outfit...they even had shoes to match!
I walked in only to browse but I walked out spending $80 on my "Naughty MILF" wear!
I will be back for some fluorescent gear!
Sexy @ss stuff FO SHO!
Lol

