I'm not quite sure how to review having a gash in my skull irrigated.
But I'm up for the challenge.
After the shelf fell on my head in my office at work, yes, a shelf fell on my head.
The shelf and it's contents fell on my head.
I was treated by paramedics (Gary, I believe his name was.
Gary with a chiseled chin and blue eyes...oh, um anyway...), strapped to a board in case of spinal damage and shoved into an ambulance.
Gosh, what a comfortable ride down gutted Central Avenue.
It felt as though we were in a buggy galevanting down a cobblestone street.
Upon arrival at the hospital I had to wait.
And wait.
And wait.
Strapped to the board, unable to move ANYTHING, on a gurney, in a hallway.
Thank God for the count the dots in the ceiling tile game I invented or surely I would have gone mad.
The doctors and nurses who treated me were truly first rate.
Allowing me to curse and scream as they hosed down my head and stapled my wound.
So, if a shelf and a bunch of dishes and salt and pepper shakers fall on your head, I highly recommend the medical team at St. Joseph's Hospital.
Thank you and have nice day!

I wish I could give 10 stars!
A couple weeks ago after taking my son to the ER for headaches at another hospital, we were transferred to the pediatric ICU at St Joe's when we discovered he needed surgery to remove a large tumor from his brain.
It was the start of a very very long stint in the hospital full of fear, and worry, but minimized pain and lots of help and recovery.
I can't overstate how amazing the staff are at St Joe's PICU.
Our neurosurgeon, Dr Nakaji was just incredible- knowledgeable, down to earth, attentive, honest but reassuring and very, very talented.
His residents and all the nurses were also amazing- they were so kind and helpful.
Not once did I feel that they were "desensitized" to our situation, and they were very compassionate while anticipating our emotional needs and physical needs (we went in there unprepared for a long stay, they brought us toiletries, snacks, laundry detergent and more).
By all accounts, my son seems to be healthy now and I think we had the best possible circumstances of a bad situation thanks to St Joe's.
I highly, highly recommend them!

My brother rides a motorcycle....  so unfortunately for me, I've been to St.Joe's emergency room more times than I needed to.
Hopefully, he'll wise up and I won't need to tour the morgue.
The staff here is all very friendly for it being a trauma center.
Yes the waiting room can get packed and lots of waiting around but that's expected but when it comes to the care, St. Joe's does a great job at making the patient feel comfortable and really taking care of people.
My brother ended up needing surgery on his hand and the surgeon spent some time with my brother to talk some sense in him about the dangers of being a motorcyclist in a city where it's not safe to be one.
He even offered to take my brother on his rounds so he can see the damage that can be done.
I appreciate the care my brother got here and the comfort I was given as a concerned family member.

Funny to write this and read the review below mine about Tuyen N's brother ridign a motorcycle.
This is the only hospital I really like.
I would say the comparison between this and Good Sam is night and day.
By contrast, Good Sam is gross.
It feels shabby, and the people are unfriendly.
I've been to the ER at St. Joseph's twice.
The first time was for a motorcycle accident.
I was fine after the wreck but my shoulder kind of fell out of it's socket so I had to go.
I was being seen by a doctor within 20 minutes of walking in on my own strength.
The doctor was very nice and the nursing staff was great.
Everyone joked with me and made me feel really comfortable.
Riding a stretcher in a neck brace and wanting to look around on the way is impossible, BTW, just incase you want to try it cant be done.
My second visit was for a more severe thing.
I had food poisoning from YC's Mongolian BBQ (read my review on that place) and shit/threw up so much that I became severely dehydrated.
I couldn't walk on my own and while at Urgent Care they couldn't get an IV in me due in part to their own retardation.
Well again, I was called back almost immediately at St. Joe's.
They told me their ER is new and is designed to handle MANY more patients than the other hospitals and it shows.
I got a total hottie doctor there!
She wasn't interested in a guy who was in my state though...
I was gross that day.
The entire staff is made up of young, attractive, go getters.
Not like Good Sam which is old, fat people who work in a gross hospital.
St. Joe's for me.
I've told my girl that if I have a major emergency ever, to make sure I am taken there.

When I was 20 weeks pregnant, I ditched my OB for a number of reasons and started seeing the midwives at the Women's Clinic here.
It was important to me to establish care with a group of practitioners who would be supportive of my desire to have a natural childbirth and minimal interventions during my pregnancy.
Thankfully, I had a very easy pregnancy.
And it was made all the more easy by the wonderful midwives.
I felt much more at ease talking to them and sharing my concerns.
When the time came for my little boy to be born, it was off to St. Joe's.
I had a wonderful birth experience thanks to the midwife, Connie, and the great nurses.
It wasn't easy, but it was perfect.
Pregnancy through birth with the staff here has been nothing short of awesome.
The facilities may not be as new and modern as some hospitals, but my experience here was just what I wanted.

Staff is great but no vending machines!
it is a long wait with no drink or snack.

It's easy to get lost in this place.

Delivered my son at Sr. Jo's.
Cannot say enough positive things.
There goal is to provide "amazing care" and they DO!
The maternity and couplet care is outstanding.
I've never encountered so many compassionate medical staff members in my life.
There is not one negative to mention about the childbirth group!

LOVE this place.
My nephew spent a good chunck of the first year of life here after being diagnosed with Leukemia.
The nurses, doctors, and various other staff was all amazing.
We owe them so much!

This review is going to speak to the ER at St. Joes for the most part.
Some people would say that I am unlucky that I have spent as much time there as I have.
I actually consider myself myself fortunate to have some place to go that seems able to handle unusual situations from what can occur with a an 89 year old lady with Alzheimers to what happens when you fall of a "small" cliff and land on your wrist to most recently what happens when you lacerate the bottom of your foot and toes when you step on the glass of a broken candle.
I won't tell you I have always been happy with the amount of time I have had to wait some times.
I haven't always been thrilled with the staff.
I can say when push comes to shove, these people really now how to handle an emergency and that includes as a trauma patient after a drive by shooting.
They are excellent in evaluating situations and dealing with them accordingly.
I have spent more than the average time around the medical community so I base this statement on experience  Hope you never need their services but if you do St. Joes ER is one of the best..

I really don't usually write reviews for places like hospitals, but I wanted to say that the room I had a couple weeks ago was awesome!
The room was large, private, modern, clean and had a million dollar view.
I was in after having surgery on my thyroid, so I am not sure what section I was in, but it used to be the pediatrics area.
The staff was pretty decent too.
Food sucked, but it was a hospital!

I honestly believe that some of the doctors at this hospital tried for over three months to kill my son because they felt he wasn't "worth" saving at the time.
They tried to play God.
Please note this happened over 10 years ago but the Internet didn't have a rating system like this, so I'm just getting around to this.
My son was admitted with seizures and aspiration pneumonia at the St Joe's ER (via ambulance) at one month of age.
This was after a month long battle with pediatricians who didn't believe my wife and I when we told them that we thought our son was having seizures at home.
Once St Joe's ER team stabilized our son (with Valium), bizarre things started happening in this hospital.
We were immediately accused of child abuse.
They thought that we had injured our son on the head to cause these seizures.
Immediately on the defensive, my wife and I felt compelled to sleep in our son's PICU room on the floor and not leave for the duration - that turned out to be three months.
We took shifts to use the restroom or eat at the cafeteria.
Nurses made one critical mistake after another.
The hospital staff grew suspicious of us staying 24/7 and the hospital manager along with seven others took us into a meeting room to chastise my wife and I for staying 24/7.
Long story short, an outside endocrinologist learned that my son had low calcium and that was the cause of the seizures.
But even so, things kept getting worse and they kept my son for an extended period.
He contracted yeast pneumonia because a nurse didn't wash her hands... the little girl in the room next door who initially had the yeast pneumonia wound up dying three days later.
My son had to be given Amphotericin B because of this (the drug is often lethal!).
Then my son developed enterocolitis and wasn't expected to live through the night.
This was the second crisis that did not relate to any condition that our son was admitted for initially.
On three separate occasions their pediatric doctors told me "your son isn't going to make it through the night" and each time, I called an outside surgeon to come in and save him.
Praise God he is alive and healthy today, in NO thanks to this hospital, as he nearly didn't make it at St. Joes.
Even the outside surgeons asked me "WHY did you bring your son to St Joe?
" (the reason was that the ambulance brought us there!).
Before we were discharged (my son was 4 months old at this time), an outside endocrinologist revealed that he had a serious genetic syndrome.
The St. Joe doctors could not figure this out on their own in the three months we were admitted.
At the time my wife and I did not think about suing for malpractice... we were just happy that our son was alive.
Shame on this PICU and shame on the doctors.
But again, this was 10 years ago.
Hopefully those doctors are gone.
I know one doctor was still there when I met him in the hallway there a few years ago.
He remembered my son and I, but all he could do was stand there for a second, briefly glance at my son, then look at the ground and walk off.
Despicable.
This is only half the story

Does it really have 2 come 2 this ?
WHN first impressions of staff n Doctor care or lack of don't impress, an ailing patient should follow their gut ( or aches, nerve pains ) n look elsewhere.
Despite formal complaint filed, and second, third, fourth chances given, sadly this RHEUTMATOID clinic has done nothing but disappoint a family or 2.
Brain FREEZE!
How in the world can such a renowned ;my beloved Catholic medical institution not follow up accordingly w their sick,  fail to schedule timely, necessary physical rx appointments , n abruptly stop meds without proper Doctor weaning instructions?
Some Hve said....our pets receive more professional care.
Does it really Hve 2 come 2 this?
We confess this w deep regret however now hold great HOPE  that things MUST change 4 the better !
PRACTICE compassionate medicine; STOP neglect, n watch - b inspired by "the Doctor" MOVIE in case we ever forget.
Luv, JC n His earthily Angels

I was on day 2 of what appeared to be a severe stomach something, I had no control of my bowels, couldn't sleep, couldn't eat, and couldn't be away from the toilet for more  than 5 mins.
I went to the ER, it was early afternoon on a weekday, the waiting room was empty.
I was evaluated right away and very impressed.
It was so clean and smelled so nice!
After the evaluation, my impression slowly slid downhill.
The person giving me my IV appeared to be in training and didn't have a clue what they were doing.
After being poked and prodded several times with no success, someone else took over, at this point I was crying, and the IV was placed first try.
Blood was then taken, I had to ask what it was for, and was told the doctor wants to see my blood work before going for a Cat Scan to check my liver as the dye they inject through the IV could cause serious damage to my liver if the blood tests revealed my liver couldn't handle the injectible dye.
The nurse gave me a liquid and told me to drink it without explaining what it was.
After asking, I was told that this was for the Scan in addition to the injectable dye and would work on it's own if the blood tests revealed they couldn't give me the injectible.
The nurse also told me that exactly 45 minutes after I finish drinking this, I would have the CT Scan.
I was then moved to another room and placed in a reclining chair.
After 15 minutes I had seen no one, was freezing and asked a cleaning person for blankets.
After another 15 minutes I needed to run to the bathroom, the door marked "for patient use only" was locked.
I was in a panic, ran to the other side of the hall and found a nurses station where the nurses appeared to be joking and flirting with each other totally oblivious to the fact that they had patients.
The nurse went with me to the bathroom and knocked on the door, the door opened and out walked a staff member appearing to have freshened up her makeup.
The nurse was in my room when I came back.
I asked him how to work the chair, how to work the TV and how to call for help if needed.
I asked for a pillow.
It was then that the nurse asked me when I finished the drink.
I told him that it had been over 30 to 35 minutes.
(Remember I had to have the test within 45 minutes.
)    The nurse left and next an orderly came and said they were taking me for a CT Scan.
I didn't know the results of my blood work, I didn't know what was going to happen, I had never had a CT Scan before but if the injectible stuff could cause damage to my liver, I was sooooooo scared.
I was left in the hallway of Radiology with not a staff member in sight, people walking by once in a while, walking around me, not saying a word.
The CT technician opened a door checked my band, asked my name and wheeled me in the room.
He asked me to lay on this area, hardly saying anything started hooking me up to stuff.
I was so scared and said, "no one is talking to me, I have never had this before, what is going to happen?
Do you have the results of my tests?
"   He shared a little told me when the dye was injected I would feel warm and possibly taste metal, I really thought I was going to die.
I was so scared.
In my nervousness I kept telling him no one is talking to me and he spoke a little more.
I don't remember who but someone wheeled me back to my room.
Again I sat for a while and finally pushed the nurse button.
A nurse came to me and told me they were waiting for my test results, asked my pain level and then gave me morphine.
After a while, the doctor appeared, this is now the 2nd and final time I saw the doctor.
The Doctor basically told me they didn't find anything, they weren't sure what was wrong with me but  I was being given prescriptions for what they think it is a reaction to an antibiotic i was on for a sinus infection, bactrim.
After this brief less than 5 minute encounter, the doctor left saying someone would come with my discharge papers.
This entire time I never even got out of my street clothes and I was there for hours, the doctor didn't check me over, no one did.
I was handed my discharge papers with three prescriptions.
I was given nothing to stop the explosive uncontrollable illness coming out of my bottom.
After another day my regular doctor prescribed me meds to stop my uncontrollable explosions.
The meds slowed them but on the 2nd day on this med, taking the max dose and still very sick,  I went to an Urgent care and was finally given tests for possible food poisoning, received a complete exam, got all my questions answered and next steps.
I wasn't scared anymore.
Within a few hours I started feeling better and within a week I will know exactly what I had thanks to Urgent Care.
It has now been a week and I haven't heard a word from the hospital.
Next time Urgent care first!!!
I will not go back here unless I have no other choice.
Not only better care and concern but a lot less $$$$!!!

Does it really have 2 come 2 this ?
WHN first impressions of staff n Doctor care or lack of don't impress, an ailing patient should follow their gut ( or aches, nerve pains ) n look elsewhere.
Despite formal complaint filed, and second, third, fourth chances given, sadly this RHEUTMATOID clinic has done nothing but disappoint a family or 2.
Brain FREEZE!
How in the world can such a renowned ;my beloved Catholic medical institution not follow up accordingly w their sick,  fail to schedule timely, necessary physical rx appointments , n abruptly stop meds without proper Doctor weaning instructions?
Some Hve said....our pets receive more professional care.
Does it really Hve 2 come 2 this?
We confess this w deep regret however now hold great HOPE  that things MUST change 4 the better !
PRACTICE compassionate medicine; STOP neglect, n watch - b inspired by "the Doctor" MOVIE in case we ever forget.
Luv, JC n His earthily Angels

If it wasn't for a couple of the nurses (D*** in the ER and Linda on the floor)  who were exceptional, I would say this is the absolute worst hospital I have ever experienced.
I'm glad I don't live in town and run the risk of ever having to go there again.
SECURITY: First and foremost, their security is beyond a joke.
I'm in town for a business conference/meeting when I am experiencing the familiar symptoms, tthat I know are life threatening.
As I walk into the ER, I am looking directly at the Triage nurses, who are waiting for me to come up to the window.
About 10 feet before I reach them, a security guard literally yells at me, asking me what I wanted.
I just looked at him and asked him if he was really seriious?
In a tone, I made it clear, he would be calling a lot of back up if he didn't stfu.
His response was.."ohh ok if you want to be seen, wait behind the black line for the nurses to call you".
These are the nurses, who are obviously waiting for me to come up to their window and talk to them.
(There was one other person in the entire waiting room!!
)  So after explaining the situation to the nurses, they call an emergency code to come get me.
While in the "serious" section of the ER, where they put their major trauma, heart attack, stroke etc.
patients.
I see a German Shepard with his handler walk through.
I'm thinking it was a police officer who was their with a prisoner and didn't want to leave the dog in the car as the heat could be very dangerous.
But I find out that this is the security's dog patrolling to keep things in check.
Very weird to see this.
But to bring the dog into the section where people are on the verge of dying it completely friggin insulting.
So when I am making small talk with the staff, it becomes clear that EVERYONE has had a run in with security.
One of many stories I heard, was how a nurse in her scrubs, with her photo ID hanging around her neck was stopped and questioned as to what she was doing in the hospital.
DOCTOR'S The ER doc was compentent.
Though he really seemed to be botherd, because I had questions.
I already knew the diagnosis (I made it before I came in), but when he told me of the CT scan results, it implied that I was going to lose my leg.
So I of couse I had questions.
One was were the radiologists good enough to understand what they were seeing?
He assured me they were very good.
The  radiologist was ultimately determined to be a dumbass.
But because of his incorrect reading of the 4 CT scans, I was just about to get out of there and drive the several hours home.
Which, really could have killed me.
D**** (for her protection), one awesome nurse, convinced me to stay because she didn't think what the doctor's were telling me, was correct and she told me WHY she felt that way.
And she was absolutlely right.
So the admitting physician/hospitalist put me on a no food or drink order as he expected me to have a surgical procedure, done first thing in the morning, to try to correct the misdiagnosed CT scans.
The next day, about 11am he rounds and I ask him about why the surgical procedure that hasn't happened yet.
And he tells me that the surgeon is reviewing my case and still hasn't decided if I was a candidate for the procedure.
So around 2pm the surgeon/specialist rounds and sees me.
I ask him what is going on with the procedure.
He informs me that he made it very clear that morning to the hospitalist, that I wasn't a candidate.
So I waited 20 hours without even water and the hospitalist knew it, and made me wait even longer.
Not cool at all.
Now the surgeon/specialist was very good.
He brought up some ideas and thoughts that I could share with my specialists back home.
So it was clear that I had all the meds I needed and could go home that day, but we had to get the orders from the hospitalist.
Problem was, is that my sister would have to fly out to get me and drive me home.
So she needed to make sure they would release me.
Repeated messages and pages to the hospitalist go unreturned.
This is becoming a major logistical problem.
So my nurse Linda (probably one of the best nurses I ever had) tells me to tell my sister to get on the plane becuase she will make my discharge happen.
She does, and I finally get the hell out of there.
NURSES:  Other than a nurse who doesn't understand HIPPA regulations.
They were all very good and the only redeeming factor for this hospital.
D*** kept me there and potentially saved my life.
Then AFTER she was off her shift she went out of her way to go to my car and get my bags which had several things I needed if I was going to stay.
Now,  Linda was like a mom.
She took care of me, bitched to me about some of the things I shouldn't be doing, forced the doctor's to do their job and made the whole experience so much better.
BILLING AND POST HOSPITALIZATION FAILURES: They totally screw up the billing, say they will fix it, and don't.
Then this hospital has the balls to ask for a dona

This is a horrible place to go on so many levels.
I hope I will never have to ever step foot back inside this place again.
My son spent 10 days here in the NICU while in critical condition due to a CHD and being born 10 weeks to early.
The NICU nurses for the most part are very kind but you are given a new nurse every day per their rules.
This was not very comforting during a time of fear, frustration, helplessness, and panic.
Even if that same nurse was on duty they would not be assigned to my son again.
Getting used to a new nurse every day was horrible having them to have to look over my sons chart to try to educate them on what was going on.
For continuity of care the same nurse should stay with my son unless they are off.
My son's case was complicated and was very rare.
The nurses for the most part again where nice.
The NICU area is crowded and cramped and there is no comfortable area for a parent to sit when they are visiting their childs pod,  A hard stool to sit on that is always having to be moved because your in the way of something or someone.
I don't expect a leather recliner but they could make it a little more comfortable.
Sitting on a hard stool hunched over for 12 hours a day is not fun.
The doctors lacked tack and empathy for being in the NICU.
I understand and so many years they can get like robots but this is not a place for a routine robot to be working.
In my sons case he was on life support and a friendly smile at least could have went a long way not a blank constant heartless look.
It came time to take my son off life support and the doctor was so matter of fact as if I was putting a dog down.
It was my son and I wish they could for just one day experience the agony and grief a parent goes through with a death of their child.
Maybe then they would treat people different.
They are heartless!
The billing office is absolutely horrible.
My son was Air Vac to them... not my choice to have him at this hospital but due to my sons rare condition this hospital is where they could do that type of surgery.
The hospital did not get the admission authorized by my insurance.
I had 2 insurances for him and the billing office would call me at the NICU pod and argue with EVERY DAY (no joke) that I needed to apply for AHCCCS.
EVERY DAY I would give them both my insurance card info.
I even walked down to admitting and had them copy the cards.
I started getting bills from them saying no insurance.
Since they didn't update my insurance no one else was updated either not the radiology not to doctors, NO body so I kid you not about 13 bills a day rolling in.
I would call all of them back and give them the info.
After losing my son and being completely out of my mind with grief I now had to do this crud.
Everyone updated my info and but guess who... this hospital.
They started calling me every other day sometimes 4x a day.
They now had my first insurance but not billing the secondary.
Every day every time I would ask the same question "did you bill my secondary" their reply every time and every day "we don't have that on file" after a few months I stopped answering my phone I would just cry out of frustration.
I would explain to them all the phone calls and the 100 times I have given them this info and they always said "ok I will get that updated" I would be in tears and no one would really help me get it fixed.
I finally wrote a letter to the hospital with CC: to everyone I saw listed on the roster like the CEO ect.
I sent out at least 13 letters explaining the issue this was causing me.
This was almost a year after my son's death I finally snapped and did this.
Yes a year I put up with this!
I attached both insurance cards and my sons death certificate.
Then I had a few people sincerely applogize for their errors and told me the rest of anything I owed would be written off.
This was never my intent not to pay what was owed.
But I only wanted to pay what was rightfully owed per my insurance.
I then starting getting EOB's from my secondary so I knew then they finally after a year fixed the issue.
Unfortunately  they were all being denied for timely filing.
So the hospital lost a lot of money for simply not doing a very simple update that would only take a few minutes of their time.
To leave you on a better note.... there are many amazing volenteers who come in a make the babies booties, hats, blankets, and donate little toys for them.
This was one of the only highlights of my day was to find a new little stuffed animal that was donated or made for my son.
Very caring and thoughtful.
This will never be forgotten.
The last day of my son's life the hospital did provide of a room there with a bed for us to spend the night.
This was the only nice thing they did for us.

This has been such a strange day.I hope it's all done at this point...
So I ended up in their ER tonight at 7:45 pm on the recommendation of Urgent Care.
A good possibility I fractured my nose.
I got signed in pretty quickly,was triaged within 6 minutes of arrival and put into an ENT suite within 10 minutes or less.
Trauma surgeon came in within the next 5 minutes,was personable,friendly and took the time to explain my injury to me.
Because of the swelling,I have to wait a few days to see if corrective action will be neccessary.
I was discharged with a fresh icepack and sent on my way by 9pm.
Everyone I encountered from check in to check out was professional,courteous,friendly and reassuring.
The facility was very clean with the exception of most of the denizens of the waiting room.
Kudos,this was impressive.

Been here a few times, regarding my father!
First!
When you just step into this place I just feel dirty!!
Need to clean this place!
Second!
I get it, it's just a job for you!
There are some people who cares, but his room was right in front of the nurses station.
They acted like there were no one there trying to sleep or rest!
Person is right next to you lady!
You don't have to talk that loud!
Third!
Equipment needs updating!
Dialysis machine was leaking, I though for a second I would have to hand crank the machine!!!
I understand, funds are tight!
And medical is very expensive!
But there has to be a better way of taking care of your patients?

I'm not going to take a star off!
BUT!!!
My dad was here for two weeks, and probably will be back again soon.
In that two weeks I was here about 11 to 13 days, about five dollars a day for parking.
Wish there was a better way to help out with the parking, only thing that would help is if I stayed for more then six hours a day!
Then they can validate my ticket for three dollars!
He did come back since my last review, the room was better, but still noisy!
I had to go out and ask the people in the waiting room to calm down!
There were at least seven kids on the floor wrestling!!
I thought I walked into the lucha libre contest!!
I do not blame the kids!
They are just doing what kids do, but come on parents!
Start acting like parents!

The nurses in the ER were amazingly kind and friendly.
Made being there much more tolerable.
There were so many screaming children running around.
Handle your kids people.
That is not okay.

I have been to St Joseph's a few times and primarily for nerve blocks.
I have never had a bad experience there and getting into the 0500 check in has never been a problem.
Most of my treatment has been by Dr. Castellanos and his support people and they have all been great.
Timely treatment and timely follow ups.
Only one thing, the security guy looked a little out of sorts this morning when we entered through the ER.
Maybe he needed some coffee.

My reason for being there was horrific!
my child suffered an internal decapitation and through a lot of miracles and a wonderful, caring staff she is alive today.
Most of staff,  Dr.'s and even the cleaning crew were extremely friendly and made me feel like my daughter was also theirs.

I unfortunately have to go to the ER at least once a month due to severe migraines.
The doctors and physicians assistants are quick as possible and get me the right medicines.
I've rarely spent more than 2 hours here, and only had a handful of bad incidences (involving nurses who don't listen to me: "if you give me that medicine without an antinausea, I will vomit").
I like the quick rooms (for non trauma) which are quieter and have adjustable lighting that helps during my migraine treatment  much better than the rooms with the uncomfortable gurneys.
They have these rolling recliners, it feels less hospitaly, which is probably why its less stressful.
They also limit to one visitor per bedside (which is mostly adhered to), so no running around kids and screaming babies.
The only reasons it doesn't get five stars are the times when I've had rude nurses who act like they're doing some kind of charity when they're doing their job, and the ones who decide they know my body better than I do (four years of daily migraines, but hey, if they want to wear vomit, its their choice).
I also had to visit family in the regular part of the hospital once (I've never been admitted to any part other than ER), and the waiting room was packed.
Children everywhere, people sitting on floors, it was awful.
There was that gross smell from just too many people in one tiny waiting room because of visiting hours being so restricted.
Actually, that part reminded me of a bus station.
If The Walking Dead is on while you're there (TV's in the quick rooms), people seem to be in a better mood when they come in to help you or who ever your roommate is on the other side of the curtain.
PS: My partner of 6 yrs takes me there every time.
Everyone is nice, helpful, and she has never been banned from my bedside or treated rudely because of our sexual orientation.

My friend had a stroke and was in the Icu for over 2 weeks allready.
I came from southern california and spent 2 daya here day and night.
Down stairs in the er they were alot friendlier and even the staff in the kitchen.
But its really different in the icu.
They dont smile they dont say hi but they have one thing that they are good at and its being unhappy and unfriendly.
They hate their jobs here and when I was downstaira in the smoking area heard 2 nurses talking ish about thier patients.
Wow really is that necessary nurses?
Change careers if this is not for you.
Ive been to the othwr st joseph hospitals and never exp we rience just rudeness as I have here in az.
If your admin of the hospital and read this dont hesitate to contact me if you would like.
But whoever it is they are not doing a very good job managing thier nurses.
Basically go to another department or pick up trash they seem alot friendlier than the nurses in icu

Best ER in Phoenix.
Doctor was incredible.
Amazing people and truly fabulous triage.
Doctor saw us in triage.
Highly recommend ER.

nice looking Hospital

I have been treated here 2x in my life.
One time was for 1 week in late 1997 for rehab (broken femur and pelvis) and yesterday to the ER for a jacked-up knee.
St. Joe rules, simply put, IMHO.
Why?
Because they were so easy to find from my work, HAD my information in their system even though I hadn't been in in the last 16 years, everyone was SO friendly, and they were quick.
I expected to literally be camped out in the ER and waiting for triage.
Not the case.
I was whisked away to a room stat.
I changed rooms 3 x but everyone I met along the way communicated and explained WHY I was moving and when, etc.
I love explanations and updates - especially when we're talking about my own health.
I take it very seriously and consider it sacred.
I would recommend this hospital to anyone.
Fabulous job!!

I've been hounded by their billing people and now sent to a collection agency for a claim that was not mine, i never signed anything and I'm not the patient.
What a bunch of crap and I'm lost in their bureaucratic labyrinth.
My suggestion, use another hospital, there are lots of them in the immediate area

I can't say enough about the care and support we received from St. Joes when our baby was born.
From the doctors to the nurses in NICU, everyone was compassionate, professional and went above and beyond in caring for us.
Not only do the doctors and nurses have a passion for what they do, but a love for people.
I wouldn't go anywhere else.

Best hospital!!!
Was at this hospital for 3 months(SCI) and I love the doctors and nurses and physical therapist.
The whole staff at this hospital are great!
When I was injured I was scared and didn't think I was going to have a good life, here I am 10 years latter and my life is so much better now than it was before and I feel grateful that I started my new life there.
I will never forget those who worked there and helped me start my new journey in life.

I got a lithotripsy done here yesterday.
While the check in process was a little slow, all personnel, from receptionist to the nurses, and even the 'stretcher driver' was kind, helpfull and upbeat.
I felt really cared for, and everybody was very professional.
The whole process took about 5hr and i was on may happy

Try not to go to the ER on a Friday night.
Packed house and you'll be treated like you're an inconvenience.

This review is for the imaging center.
I am used to being treated like a "number" but the I had the opposite experience.
All staff I came in contact with we're extremely pollute From the receptionist to my lab tech.
My lab tech (Coby) was the best I've experienced (and I've had lots of experience in that regard).
He was both comforting AND very competent.
He played my music for which made the whole experience actually kind of pleasurable.
I give him 5 stars

