you dont have to tell me..after 2 year and a leak in every room of my house and fighting with them and the roc..i had to redo my roof again..horrible isnt the right word ..freakin criminals..worst part i have to work right by their company driving by them numerouse times a day

Just had my roof done by C&N.
Sales rep response was excellent, quote was highly competitive.
The crew showed up on time and worked through until the job was done in 2-!/2.
This was a tear off and they did an excellent job of cleaning up.

OK, where do I start with these folks?
Kind of a nightmare experience.
I took them upon a referral from a fellow church goer and figured that this would be a fairly legitimate referral.
I couldn't be more wrong as it turns out.
After sending them my signed contract which they lost I had to resend it and pay them their deposit ASAP.
Apparently they had some changes and I was ok with that, it happens.
Businesses change addresses every now and then and so do their fax numbers, emails, telephone numbers, etc.
My wife and I decided to have our back patio awning replaced with a new one, and that meant new wood, a sealed roof and treated wood.
The work was only going to take a couple of days and I am still picking up nails that they didn't bother to clean up.
Apparently after some of the beams were replaced they left a ton of nails everywhere and in my rocks.
Three weeks later I'm still picking them up!
I have two dogs and a baby on the way.
I can't have my dogs eating nails and potentially have them swallow one or the baby put in harms way.
They did so much I wasn't expecting...they broke our bird bath and glued it back together with wood glue, didn't reinstall the rain gutter so now that awning won't drain when it rains and the lighting we had underneath the patio awning is now on it's roof instead of where it used to be.
Plus our estimate of $6,600 was no where near what we paid.
We were charged a shade under $7,000.
I know its just over $380 but still their estimate, but the principle and the quality of workmanship and the extras I have to fork out over their mistakes is prompting to write on Yelp.
I have to get a hold of my electrician and help repair their lighting mistake and always search and scan the ground for the nails left over.
They only replaced beams they felt needed to be replaced when I was hoping that all of them would have been replaced.
And I have to repain my house now as there is a white strip now on my house that looks very odd.
Ah well, live and learn right?
Please don't use this company.
Sorry for such a harsh review but I'm flabergasted.

It's almost mid-July and still no resolution.
I got one call back and that's it.
Just a voicemail and no chance of reconnecting.
It's already rained and I have standing water on my roof which won't drain unless I start making cuts.
This is so frustrating.
The electrician is going to have a field day for sure.

