I have a feeling this doctor wasn't totally crazy about me, but gosh I am so crazy about him!
He's just simple and to-the-point, and the office is clean and well-kept.
I can't ask for anything more in a doctor, honestly.
He's also pleasant to look at and well dressed!

I found yelp because Cipolla is such a great doctor.
Every time I go to him he is to the point.
He finds the problem, he doesn't just write a prescription for the symptom.
I can get in pretty quick if I need him.
He has been my doctor since 1996 I only go to specialists when I have a problem, I don't have to many other doctors in my rolodex he nails it almost every time.

Do you remember when your very own doctor worried about your health?
This Doc is passionate about  his patients health and devoted to making them get well.
And you are both right , he is funny, completely neat and cute.....!!

Dr. Cipolla has been my main care provider for the last 6 years + and has always been fantastic.
His office is well maintained by a staff of very friendly, caring and competent professionals.
He & his staff have always seemed genuinely concerned for my welfare & well being.
The doctor himself is down-to-earth, pragmatic and no nonsense.
As a gay man I have always felt welcome in his office.
When I had a really serious condition last year, he had no problem allowing my partner to come into the consultation room with us.
I cant say that about other homophobic establishments I've been to.
And when you're sick or something's wrong, the last thing you need to worry about is how the doctor or staff feel about your sexual orientation or lifestyle.
I have noticed that the practice has really built up and the waiting room is usually packed nowadays.
That, my friends, is a sign of a good doctor.
I would recommended Cipolla to anyone!

This a split review because honestly, I would give Dr. Cipolla five stars for he himself because he is really great.
Dr. Cipolla is good at what he does and he seems so genuinely caring towards his patients.
He is the favorite doctor I have ever had.
Now to the negative.
I would give 1-2 stars for the awful wait time.
I recently had a 9am appt with 8:40am check-in.
Mind you, I was not a walk-in appt so I did not expect to wait too long.
I checked in at 8:45am and was not called back until 9:40am.
When the aide/secretary checked my vitals, brought me into the waiting room, she said the doctor would be in soon.
In my head, I am thinking yeah right because I usually have to sit in the examining room for at least 20 minutes to a half hour.
Sure enough, he came in at 10:10am apologizing for being late.
So, my appt was at 9am and I did not see the doctor until 10:10am.
I wish I could say that was a rare occurrence but that it what my husband and I both experience 95% of the times we go there.
Terrible.
The thing is, Dr. Cipolla is the only doctor there so I guess that explains the long wait times.
It's hard because by the time I am fuming, vowing to never come back, and ready to storm out of the examining room, Dr. Cipolla comes in sweet as ever.
He is such a nice guy, dammit!
And kind of cute, too, but don't tell my husband that!
Maybe the long waits are the standard now, I don't know, but I might need to look for a new doctor since I am unwilling to deal with that.

I've been with Dr. Cipolla for about two years; the staff is friendly, appointments are easy to book, many times within one or two days, and Dr. Cipolla is so nice!
If you're uncomfortable with doctor visits, he's perfect for you.
He's soft spoken, caring, gentle, and best of all, very friendly.

I have been going to Dr. Cipolla for almost 10 years now.
I keep coming back because he is friendly, sweet, and knows exactly what he is doing.
He's a wonderful doctor.
I have referred several (at least 4) friends to Dr. Cipolla and each of them thanked me afterwards for recommending such an amazing doctor.
I have never had a problem scheduling an appointment for myself.
Usually I can be seen that day or the day after, even when it isn't an "emergency".
Yes, the wait times can be a little long on occasion, but I would rather wait a while for a good doctor than see a mediocre doctor quickly.

WARNING!!!
DISHONEST  !!!
BILLED INSURANCE FOR EXCESSIVE, UNNECESSARY & UNWANTED SERVICES.
UNWILLING TO CORRECT AFTER NOTIFIED THAT BCBS FRAUD & ABUSE WOULD BE INFORMED.
I *had been* a regular patient of Dr. E Griffin Cipolla DO for well over 10 years, even continuing to keep him as my doctor after moving out of Central Phoenix -- traveling all the way from Arrowhead to 3rd Street and Thomas to see him.
Well, apparently that kind of relationship means nothing to this doctor.
For $47 from me the patient, and much more $ from the insurance company, he chose to lose a longtime patient and have a Fraud and Abuse investigation into his billing practices requested by me, through Blue Cross.
I am not simply some 'angry patient that was unhappy with my bill'.
I have worked in the medical insurance claims industry since 1995.
This 12 + years of highly detailed work has given me a wide array of knowledge and experience into many aspects of medical insurance, including the billing and processing of claims, quality assurance auditing of claims processors, investigations into incorrectly billed or paid claims working with the state of Arizona AHCCCS Medicaid guidelines, and analyzing data and producing reports about claim processing for the government contracted health insurance provider for the entire Western half of the United States.
I am not trying to brag, but simply laying down my credentials for knowledge that this was fraudulent or incorrect dishonest padding of the bill by the doctor.
The billing staff and doctor himself were given multiple opportunities to correct their dishonest billing as a "mistake" and rebill the insurance company appropriately.
Instead, the doctor is trying to blame me, the patient, in a feeble attempt to "cover his assets" after the fact.
I immediately recognized what had happened, however, it is not likely that the average patient would have taken notice.
DETAILS: I called and made an appointment for an annual well visit with blood work, such as cholesterol test.
I advised them I would be bringing a preprinted form that the company uses, listing needed tests, to be filled out by them and faxed directly to the wellness company.
When I arrived at the office I informed them that I did not have the Wellness form with me, but would fax it to their office that afternoon when I got back to work.
I specifically said that they should take the blood sample, however not to perform any tests or send it out to the lab until they knew what procedures needed to be performed.
I also informed them that I was in the office two years ago to have these tests done, so in my file they would have a copy of the form for reference, but to wait for the new form, in case there were any updates or changes to it.
I saw the doctor.
He took the blood samples.
I left the office after checking with the outgoing receptionist; even though she said that co pays were due at the time of service, I informed her that the insurance covers preventative visits at 100% percent so no copay.
As promised, I faxed the Wellness form to the office later that same day.
When I received bill from the laboratory it contained DOZENS of service lines for over $1,000 worth of billed services.
I received yet another bill from the doctor's office itself.
Note that my wife had seen another doctor with the same wellness form.
Her laboratory bill contained FOUR service lines, one of which was not even a test but simply stood for the needle stick.
This covered the entirety of the services needed to be performed according to the Wellness paperwork.
Needless to say her bill was also significantly lower in dollar amount.
My Well Exam office visit was billed as what is called an Evaluation & Management procedure code, as opposed to a PREVENTATIVE medicine procedure code, even with no illness to diagnose, evaluate, or manage.
The excessive services billed were not simply spacing out & billing alacarte for something that should have been billed as a package, either.
There were also several strange tests billed that I didn't request (syphilis test for example).
I contacted the doctors billing representative and was informed that the visit I had was not a usual preventative visit -- I had only called and requested blood work, supposedly, so the doctor perform a so-called standard set of tests that he usually performs.
I inquired about the form that I'd faxed, asking why they did not follow the listed procedures on that form.
The billing representative claimed that I had not asked for a preventative visit, nor did I mention anything about the form at the time of my visit, according to her.
I advised that I was not the type of patient that would be making a mistake in this area, and that I would have to follow up with BCBS, yet I would still give them a chance to submit a corrected bill to BCBS.
To summarize, the doctor was consulted and will NOT change the bill.
In my professional experience & opinion this is FRAUDULENT.

Update: In one of the most pitiful examples ever seen of "you can't fire me, I quit", the doc has sent me a letter stating that he will not see me as a patient anymore.
Oh,...REALLY?!
It sure is a pretty bad case of misplaced self-worth that must make him think I ever planned to go back to his crooked place that I had already told him I thought was a patient-robbing, fraudulent-billing, insurance-money, thievery office.
*  °°°°°°°°°°°°   ( this is a backed-by-facts, highly professional opinion -- please see full, original review here:  http://www.yelp.com/biz/griffin-e-cipolla-do-phoenix#hrid:mqKTickeGvmoY0tgfJ1b9w   )

Dr. Cipolla was fantastic.
I went in with a fairly serious (and slightly embarrassing) health problem.
Dr. Cipolla did a great job of helping me feel like he is in my corner helping me fight for my health.
He listened to what I said without making judgements regarding my situation which allowed him to treat effectively treat me.
I am pleased to have found such a good doc.
Thank you!

So far I have been a patient of this office for over 1.5 years and have had no issues.
Obtaining an appointment in a reasonable time frame has been fine, though waiting in the office on the day of the appointment can sometimes feel long (but pretty average for doctor's office in my experience)

If you don't like your money see this doctor's office.
I received a $50 charge on my account from Dr. Cipolla's office.
Come to find out they somehow made an appt.
for me that I NEVER made and I called to have it removed.
They agreed I never made it and it was an error.
They told me they would call me back to remove it, they never did.
On my third call into the office still with no return call.

Dr. Cipolla's office is tucked away on a quiet street off of 3rd St in CenPho.
Wait times can be quite variable, I've noticed that he likes to accommodate walk-ins and squeeze in appointments when possible, which can cause a crunch.
Sometimes its straight in and sometimes I've had to wait upwards of 30-45 minutes.
Another factor that can add to the wait is the doctor's excellent bedside manner.
He will actually listen and chat with you and give you as much time as you want.
I've never felt cut off or ignored here and have had several good bitch-fests with the Dr about the current state of healthcare.
He is also an LGBTQ ally and can be found on weekends volunteering at homeless shelters around the area.
Dr. Cipolla is great.
Try him out if you are looking for a PCP in CenPho.

