Dr. Christopher Heetland and the staff at Prime Eye Care were very helpful when I was in dire need of new glasses.
I knew it was time for a checkup when I was having trouble reading the clock at work on the far wall while wearing my old glasses.
Based on the recommendation of a friend, I decided to make an appointment.
Pure procrastination had prevented me from finding a new eye doctor after moving here.
Fortunately, I was able to get in quickly (about a week from the day I made the appointment) and my glasses were ready in just over a week.
I don't have a very strong prescription so that may have had something to do with the quick turn around time.
The optician was great!
She helped me pick out a style that was a little more flattering than my previous glasses.
She was able to get my glasses to rest comfortably on my nose.
I couldn't believe the difference three years had made in my vision and for the first week, I was prone to bouts of running around sporadically shouting "I CAN SEE!
"  A knowledgeable staff and quick turn around times made Prime Eye Care a good experience all around.
I'll be back later this year for my annual eye check-up.

I went in yesterday for my 1st ever eye exam.
Yeah, I know that's pretty bad since I'm 27 and stare at computer monitors all day long for a living but hey you're not my mother so quit judging me.
Geez.
Back to my review :)  I made an appointment with Prime Eye Care about three weeks ago.
Bringing me to disappointment #1: I received no reminder call saying "Hey your appt is tomorrow, blah blah blah".
Now I know it's MY appointment and they may have been busy but isn't it sort of the front desk persons job to call patients and remind them of scheduled appointments.
Not such a big deal though.
So, moving on.
Disappointment #2: The doctor had NO people skills at all.
He just wanted to get this over with.
I told him this was my 1st ever eye exam you'd think he'd at least let me know what's going on before sticking this and that in my eye.
But no.
All I got was a sit still, open your eyes, look up.
I mean come on dude YOU'RE STICKING A FREAKIN LIGHT IN MY EYE.
At least give a girl a heads up and all.
It just would have been nice to have a little warning like "Hey, I'm going to have you look all over the place while I stick this uncomfortable rather bright light in your eye, do your best to stay as still as possible and keep your eyes open".
But no I received nothing of the sort.
Then he puts these drops in my eyes and has me sit out in the waiting room.
I had no idea why, so as I'm sitting there and my eyes begin to feel more and more awkward, I start to freak out a little.
"Is this whats suppose to happen?
Why can't I see?
Oh no something's wrong".
After being ushered to another exam room I come to find out that all that is normal, it's actually what was expected to happen.
Thanks for the HEADS UP DOC.
So then the doc comes back in with another damn light to stick in my eyes.
Then he rambles off all this technical eye jargon that pretty much left me with a big fat "HUH".
But I think I got the gist of it.
So now brings me to the disappointment #3 (the big one): I go to the front desk, pay my copay, no big deal then the front desk gentleman asked me if I had sunglasses, to which my reply was yes in the car.
That was it.
Nothing else.
I had NO IDEA until I stepped out into the Arizona sun, scratch that the Arizona HOT BRIGHT AS HELL sun, to figure out why the gentleman asked me if I has sunglasses.
Oh my god!
A little warning that it was going to feel and look as though I was WALKING ON THE SUN would have been nice.
I mean come on people!
I couldn't see a damn thing until I got all the way back to my car and put my sunglasses on.
My eyes were dilated for the next few hours, which would have also been nice to have been told about.
I wouldn't have tried to go back to work had I know that little tid bit of info.
I gave a two because all in all, I got my eye exam over with so that was good.
The doctor seemed like he knew what he was doing, so that was good.
The office itself was rather nice looking.
And I'm in a good mood this morning.
I'm just used to a more friendly office visit.
I wish they would have just talked to me is all.
Is that too much to ask for?

I am blessed.
The police where I grew up overlooked most of my youthful idiocy.
My mentors convinced me I was smart enough for college.
I don't have to scrape and scrap for every household penny like my parents.
I have economic choice.
After a well known, highly advertised eyeglass provider destroyed a pair of sleek frames I'd be wearing today if I could, I chose Prime Eye Care.
Full service exam and glasses service.
I was warned by Karen,  Prime's Oculist,  that if the second best sleek pair of frames I own were broken in a re-lens,  nobody was responsible.
I just got them back, new lenses, vision keen, ego buffed.
I am one happy puppy.
Thank you Prime Eye Care.
The extra cost is worth every penny to me.
Sweet D got a less than perfect prescription elsewhere.
She's getting Prime care as I tap in this review and is a happy puppy-ette.

