I have been a customer of the restaurant since I was a little kid and my parents would take me here.
After just two or three trips, they will remember your name, where you are from, what you like to order, how you want it cooked, and anything else you volunteer to tell them.
It's pretty amazing.
The food is fantastic, and much better than any other vietnamese restaurant I have found in phoenix.
The bun has a lot more vegtables and substance than most I have tried.
The peanut sauce and spring roll sauce are both incredible.
It's your typical dive asian place.
Busted up floor tiles, glass table tops, and next to no atmosphere.
It's all about the food, and the perfect service (assuming they are not busy.
) It's also very inexpensive.
A family of 4 can eat dinner for less than 40 bucks including soft drinks.
The only downside I can think of is the neighborhood, it is located next to a coin-op laundry which attracts lots of ghetto types.

I had a bad experience here coming in for the first time.
The food selection is below average compared to other vietnamese restaurants.
I usually drive by and the parking lot is always empty and so was the place when I walked in.
Never again!
The worse part was the waiter seemed desperate by trying to upsell me the most expensive dish there and saying they ran out of the food for the first two items I randomly chosed.
Don't know if he was lying or not but the way he said it seemed shady.
Also, at the end I paid for my meal in cash.
As soon as he received the cash by hand, the waiter responded with a "Thank You Very Much" as if he assumed I was letting him keep the change (which was a lot) as tip when in fact I wanted it back.
The poor service there definitely did not deserve a large tip!

Ok so this place has pretty amazing spring rolls but the cook Boyd decides to not make them for me, she told me they ran out.
A few minutes later a family comes in to dine in and she makes them spring rolls, like WTF?
The PHO broth is awesome but due to the economy they have been using chewy low quality chickens of beef in their PHO yuck!
The egg rolls, beef and broccoli, wonton soup, and the chicken fried rice are to die for!
And amazing!
However, I am giving them only three stars because they have been using low quality meat as of lately and they only make you spring rolls if they like you or feel like it.
This is too bad because me and many of my family members and friends would come here at least once a week.
I wish they were like they use to be 3yrs ago.
Oh well I found Da Vang restaurant to replace their PHO and spring rolls craving.

Still on my Vietnamese food kick this week and my search has brought me to Dong A, a very modest restaurant that looks like it has been there forever.
It turns out to be yet another "gem in a rundown strip mall.
" You definitely won't come here for the ambiance, but your taste buds will thank you!
I find the flavors here to be a bit bolder than in the other Vietnamese restaurants I've tried; this doesn't make them necessarily better than the others, just different - and in a good way.
Good food, low prices, friendly service, and close to where I live ... glad I found this place!

Decent food at a very good price.
Nice old guy served us.
Strip mall space but a chill spot none the less.
$7 including too for lunch.
I would recommend.

Got the Pho here only went b/c another place was full and another packed so I said hey let's try a new one.
I didn't think it tasted looked or smelled like the traditional pho that  I'm used to my g/f had chicken teriyaki and it was too dry, I will just make the drive to a farther next time.
On the bright side the soup was ok just not what I wanted.
Oh and no sriracha, the straw that broke the camels back.

Service is great food is great, what can you ask for more?
Other pho place near by is packed so if you need quick lunch before work, you can probably get in and out .
They do Cambodian style food , everything just has clean flavor so good.

This is the valleys best kept secret for authentic pho.
The surrounding area is not that great and it's kind of a hole in the wall but the food is excellent and the service is great.
My favorite dish there is the chicken fried rice but everything I've had there is delicious as well.

We returned to Dong A tonight after a five year absence ... and was immediately, but pleasantly, shocked to hear that the owner and his wife still remembered us ... to the point of knowing, even before we said anything, what we wanted!
(Which says volumes about our consistency when it comes to food, I guess).
Why did we stop coming to Dong A?
Well, five years ago, they didn't take credit cards; we had discovered Da Vang and we just got tired of going to this place all the time (on average, every week, at least once ... and we live 20+ miles away one way).
Fortunately, they take VISA now; but they're still far away.
Dong A should be getting much more business than they do and, unfortunately, a good part of the reason they don't is location, location, location.
They're not in a good neighborhood and they've got competition not too far away.
But it's the neighborhood that's the problem:  a lot of people aren't going to venture into this part of town and the locals, who live nearby, frankly either don't have the money to partake in "exotic" food or the interest.
While it's true, that the pho here is not the best, unlike most Vietnamese restaurants in the Valley, there is a large variety of dishes here and ... hooray, hooray ... not based solely on pho, which is almost always the mainstay in other Viet restaurants.
Our personal favorites -- as obvious from the fact, that, after five years, we didn't need to remind them what we wanted -- are the goi cuon and the spicy chicken/beef with eggplant.
I always end up with a big bill here, not because prices are unreasonable --- they're not --- but because I usually take home 5 or so orders or goi cuon  ($6.00 each for four rolls).
Why the need to take home the extra rolls?
Because even though we have local Vietnamese restaurants here, no one makes goi cuon like they do:  large, crispy, tasty, fresh.
I can't describe it any better:  go and try it yourselves.
The cha gio are small, but at $1.75 for two pieces, why are you whining?
The chicken or beef with eggplant is a different and tasty --- not to mention "welcome" --- change to the typical and predictable cuisine you find in other Vietnamese restaurants (and is far from being the only unique, non-pho dish).
Yes, it is very oily; but you don't have to eat the spicy oil ... that's your choice.
Don't worry about it coating and making the meat and eggplant greasy:  for whatever reason, it doesn't.
The other downside of the restaurant is a non-functioning -- or under-functioning(?
) -- air conditioner.
There are enough fans in there to keep it reasonably comfortable, even in the Summer; but beware the rare, humid, monsoon nights  (and guess how the weather was tonight, when we went!)!
The decor is extraordinarily basic; but show me a Vietnamese restaurant, where you remember how the restaurant looked!
Service is personable and friendly.
Yes, they're slow; however, it's the husband and wife, and that's it.
That's one reason why I actually tipped the portion of our order we were taking home as an extra:  normally, I wouldn't; but they make everything on the spot and let me tell you:  five orders of goi cuon, at four rolls per order, takes a long time!
Have patience!
It's absolutely worth it.
If you're in the neighborhood --- and even if you aren't --- and want to try some atypical Vietnamese food at reasonable prices and outstanding taste, ignore the superficial disadvantages and come eat here!
You'll be glad you did.
WISHLIST:  while not much of a money-maker, I wish they made sandwiches; a personal favorite of mine in Vietnamese restaurants.
I have a strong suspicion, they'd be very good here, based on how they make the appetizers.

