I wish I could rate negatives but I just put a 1 star which is definitely not deserved!
A friend and I wanted to order a pizza and as soon as we parked in the parking lot we seen the employees shooing us away saying we are closed through the window.
Wow, I already know most pizza places close the inside about 10 or 11pm so we just wanted to get the number off the door so we could order delivery, but to stare us down from the inside and shoo us away is a no no!
We could have easily went to domino's across the street but we were in the mood for pizza hut.
Also, on the window we looked at the hours of operation and they were suppose to be open til midnight and it was barely 11pm.
And as soon as we left the parking lot one of the employees ran to the side window to make sure we left!!!
If that is not horrible customer service I dont know what is!
COME ON Pizza you are better than that, well at least I thought!

I decided to order a carry out, when I arrived was immediately greeted by customer service.
Since this had the WingStreet option, I ordered an eight piece bone out wings with a p-zone.
Said it would take about 15 mins.
Notice they were busy, it was Friday afternoon.
But the cooking area seemed to be having a lot of fun.
The manager was one of them, their drivers were standing around waiting for their orders to come out.
I did get my order with in twenty minutes, no problem.
Since their competitor Domino's is across the street from them, you would think they would do all of the little extras to keep their flow of customers?
Inside of this place looks like the surrounding area!
Just because you live or work in the ghetto doesn't mean you have to act like it?
Clean the place up!
Replace the missing panels in your lowered ceiling!
Put some coats of paint on the wall, spruce the place up?
I have always enjoyed Pizza Hut, and I will continue to use them.
But next time in this area, I just might go across the street?

Boneless hot wings were good - plenty spicy hot.
Almost too much seasoning, but good.
The pepperoni P-Zones were undercooked and not the least bit crispy on the outside.
It was good that they accidentally gave us double the marinara sauce, because the p-zones needed it.
Very dough-ey.
We got the food delivered and it took 75 minutes for delivery.
Driver did apologize for delay and told me that they are short of drivers at the moment.
Not the greatest, but the hot wings hit the spot.

One star is to much for this location.
This Pizza Hut is a joke.
Not only was my order 35 minute late from the estimated time but they brought the wrong order.
I called and spoke to the manager I believe her name was Samantha ,  and I can see why this place is a joke.
I love Pizza Hut but I will never order from this location again.
Hell I may never order Pizza Hut again.
I'll give my money to dominos .

Not a huge fan of this location.
My past experience has been delivery and carry out.
The first time I ordered my delivery was 45 mins late.
My food was cold.
The driver was nice he just was lost and instead of calling he was walking around the complex trying to locate our office.
The second time I did carry out.
Well my food was prepared in a timely manner though I did not realize it until I got back to the office that my full order was not there.
I was missing several wings in which I paid for.
I did call the location and they credit my account for future orders.
The location was super busy though holding a very professional demeanor in serving everyone who walked through the door.

Horrible services and they are all bitches never again ruin the order and we still have tp pay full price

