This is a hidden gem of a flower shop.
I wondered in to try to find a flower pot for a pink hyacinth someone graciously surprised me with, plus my lithops and baby toes needed to be replanted...
The owners, a daughter, mother, and grandmother all doted over my request and even filled my soon-to-be-succulent pot with desert rocks.
The pots are absolutely unique.
I was totally missing my favorite flower shop in Tucson, Nature's Art that just went out of business, but now I have found my weird-flower-fetish at Earley's Flowers.
And don't let the display window scare you off, it's amazing on the inside.

So it's my twentieth anniversary and I haven't got flowers for my sweetie in a while.
I decide now is a good time to do that.
I'm also a big proponent of supporting local businesses.
Of course I check Yelp first to find out what are the good shops in my neighborhood and I find one - Arcadia Flowers.
They don't seem to have a website, so I google them.
I get a hit and there's a nice picture of the inside of their shop.
Seems like a nice place to me.
Below the picture there's a link.
I click on the link and this takes me to justflowersdotcom.
This is where things start to unravel.
I'm thinking, oh, they must be affiliated with this site like Teleflora or others that I have used in the past.
A national site that uses local shops for delivery.
So, I proceed to look at the arrangements and I find a nice one.
After some fumbling around with the ordering system, I am finally able to get flowers ordered, two days before the big day.
Remember this - it's important.
So, the big day rolls around, and long about early afternoon I get a nice text from the wife thanking me for the beautiful flowers, with a picture of the bouquet.
It looks NOTHING like the picture on the website that I used for ordering.
AND, it came from a different shop.
EARLEY's FLOWERS.
Well, Okay, the wife is happy, I'm not real happy with what I feel was a bait and switch, but what's important is that the wife is happy.
Day two rolls around, less than 24hrs after delivery and I get a text from my wife, the flowers are wilting and turning brown.
Now she is not happy.
Now I am real unhappy.
This was my twentieth, arguably not a huge milestone, but pretty darn close and I wanted it to be special.
Seems I was the only one that cared about this.
I contact justflowers, who pretty much give me the runaround for several hours, and after several phone calls and emails back and forth, I send photos.
I hear nothing from justflowers.
FIVE hours later I call and speak to somebody that has a barely understandable accent and it's like "what's the problem?
"  I explain patiently.
Then, the reply is "well, we talked to the shop and they don't have any fresh flowers like you ordered".
I ask, well, I ordered the flowers several days early, if you could not get them why didn't you contact me?
You have my contact information, right?
Yes, he replies, but that's it.
So, I press on, "Are you going to do anything about the wilted flowers?, I mean, this was a big deal for me and it's pretty much ruined at this point.
"  Then he launches into a big explanation about how they can't always provide exactly what I ordered and when that happens, they switch the flowers out with bigger and better flowers.
So, I say, why didn't you do that in this case?
You just decided to send flowers ready to wilt anyway?
Sigh.
To make a long story short, they say they will switch out the flowers tomorrow.
Whatever, the moment is ruined, I've spent half my work-day trying to salvage it and I feel like it's all been wasted effort.
Earley's Flowers doesn't really care, justflowersdotcom doesn't really care and my anniversary has been tarnished.
NOTE TO EARLEYS: you only get ONE twentieth anniversary, if you screw it up, too bad, there are no make ups.
You guys screwed this up for me.
Thanks.
There are no makeups.
And just to be fair, I called justflowersdotcom and told them to cancel the redelivery.
I've had enough of this problem.
Next time I will call Arcadia Flowers for my flower needs.

It's Mother's Day and it seems like every florist in town is closed on a Sunday.
Earley's was open until 1pm and it was noon so I had my hubby race on over there.
He said the woman there was very nice and very willing to help him find what he needed for his stepmom and grandma.
Apparently, this business has been around for decades in Phoenix and with our experience today, it will definitely stand a chance of being open for longer.
The flowers weren't cheaper than other places but I won't hold that against them.
Note: This review was originally written in 2009.

