Recently opened an account with AZ Fed CU after banking with Comerica Bank for years.
Decided that feeding the "Banksters" on Wall Street with my cash was no longer a good idea.
Banking with AZ Federal Credit Union is easy - personable personal service bankers, nice friendly tellers, and constant offers from people in the 19th Avenue branch to help members.
I can highly recommend as everything has gone smoothly with the transition from "banksters" to local Credit Union.

be warned!!!
from my experience if you bank with arizona federal you are opening yourself up to losing your money, potential identity theft, and many days full of frustration while you "become one of them".
* outdated technology- hard to find information on their website and limited self service capabilities * contacting a live person will take up to 5 minutes!
* fees applied incorrectly and excessively by arizona federal * problems can only occur from monday - saturday 9 am to 3pm * criminals welcome to take all the customer's money in the evenings and during the weekends * rude customer service agents that do not respect "members" * "be one of us" brainwashing slogan should really say, "if you are stupid, rude, and like other people stealing your money and being blamed for it, then join arizona federal and "be one of us!
"being blamed for it, then join arizona federal and "be one of us!

I have my auto loan here.
But seriously.
This place is gotta be one if not the worst place to recieve a decent service.
Are they short staffed ALL THE TIME or what ?
So far everytime I make a payment- in the Branch or on the phone.
I waited for about an hour to make a payment.
I was on hold for 33 minutes to make a payment.
If it wasnt for my car loan, i will never ever attempt to put any penny at this place.
BELIEVE ME.. Do not bank this place you will regret it.
Try to have atleast 2 hours extra of ur day to spend if u wanna go here, just to make sure.

Once again.
A bank teller was so rude.
Didn't even say hi, thank you or anything not a word.
What a losser lesbo he/ she is.
Next time i encounter her i will tell her straight up to work on her customer service.
Such a waste of money for federal to hire such a lousy worker.
She needs to be evaluated.
I swear i will never get any loan from this bank ever again.
Just need to finish up with my loan and im done.
Does not even deserved a 1 star.
HORRIBLE customer service.
Dont get fooled people.

Avoid this place at all costs.
Credit unions promise a better, more human experience than a bank does.
However, if you go over even a small amount you will be charged overdraft fees on top of overdraft fees.
They are just as bad as a bank.
Keep your money somewhere else.

