I came in for the crown special which was the best deal in town.
The office is a little older, but the staff and Dr. were super nice.
They're low prices allowed me to get my dental work done in the country without having to go to Mexico.
Thank You.

As much as I put off going to the dentist this Doc and his staff made it easy for me to get work done.
I hope to get back soon for a check-up and get my husband in too.
I recommend this Dentist!

1st I will say that I love my teeth and smile.
Here's the review:   this is a horrible dentist.
Every piece of work they did was faulty exp.
I went to get my teeth whitened and also  I requested porcelain  crowns in the back of my mouth and all white fillings.
(I don't eat tons of candy, lol  this is a result of water additives where I grew up)  WHITENING well it sucked I was told that they could not possibly achive the level of whiteness I wanted.
Seriously???
yes my teeth are already white but I was not asking for glow in the dark level of whiteness  CROWNS:    Crown 1  crown broke in 1 week, they blamed the lab   Crown 2 I specifically asked for a root canal then a crown,  who does that right?
I do because putting crowns on can destroy the base of your tooth.
He told me nooooo it's fine   1 week later I have a serious tooth ache** guess what?
He sent me to another dentist to get a root canal.
that's right they drilled a hole in my very expensive white crown, then just patched it up with white filler.
that is some B***S****  Fillings:  One of them simply just fell out,  wonderful!
Drum roll please...........    8 months later they send me a bill for $200 when I asked what took so long I was told...  ummmmm well the girl that used to do billing wasn't really on top of things.
This is my longest review ever but I wanted to give a full scope of the work provided by hatcher dental

I had to go to the dentist, these guys had great prices compared to other places I have called.
I was able to be seen without much delay and get some major needed work done to get me out of pain and fast.
I then had them do a complete workover on me since it has been 5 years since I had last seen a dentist.
They did a great job on all my teeth,  the Dentist was doing his best to make sure I was not in pain and when I was and I had to raise my hand, he would stop, apply more of the anistetic, then continue once it was gone.
All the crowns and fillings are holding nicely 6+ months later down the road and I will be seeing  them again because the lady that does the cleanings there does a great job and has one of the top of the line cleaners!
I definitly recommend this place to anyone!

I visited their new offices.
Very modern and nice.
I also had a cleaning here which was one of the most comfortable I've ever experienced.
Plus, at my previous visit with a different dentist, I was told that I needed a filling removed and refilled because of a chip.
The dentist at Hatcher Dental Care told me that the chip did not require immediate action so long as it didn't bother me.
He would monitor it and fix it in the future if necessary.
This saved me a lot of $$$$$$.

Hatcher Dental Care continues to keep my teeth in great shape.
I have been using Mannie Badyal since 2008 and I always receive compliments on my teeth.
Thank you for the great job you did with my teeth!
I highly recommend any of there offices for your dental needs!

I write reviews for two reasons - when I'm pissed off at cheaters, bad service, etc.
or when I've had some delicious food and need to let others know.
This is my first positive review for a service and all I can say is that Mannie Badyal, DDS knows his stuff!
He is smart, professional (I can be pretty silly and it doesn't faze him), and although it's rare in the dental world, he is someone I totally trust!
I once had 5 fillings on one side of my mouth from a high-end but quack dentist in SF, but Mannie Badyal, DDS knows the value of money and time, and doesn't waste it!
To me, that makes a big difference!
I can actually say I look forward to going to his office soon, now that's rare!

This is my 1st retraction,  Mr Mannie personally emailed me after my... not so friendly review.
He advised that he also has an office in Gilbert and suggested that we meet so that we could personally talk out my issues and ** correct teeth.
:)  well I am all smiles,  after our discussion he reapplied my filling that fell out and next week he will be replacing my broken crown.
I could not be happier,  I can't thank Dr. Mannie enough for restoring my faith in dentists in general!
I am no longer skeptical and afraid of getting dental services.
I am such a fan of this office, Dr. Mannie and Diane!
I really appreciate the fact that he was willing to make things right.....
He's the bomb!

This dentist office is GREAT!
I have been going to this office for about 2 years and it was SMILE at first sight.
Dr. Sweet is very knowledgable and very attentive to all your questions and dental needs and their decorative atmosphere makes you feel right at home.
Their staff is awesome and ALWAYS on point with your insurance, co-pays, etc..
I will continue to refer my peers to this office as well as keeping them as my life-time dentist :)

Anazing staff and Dr.
I'm glad my husband found them and they have done two great jobs with my root canals and crowns.

I am very impressed!
The girls were very nice and sweet.
The Dr. Is very thorough, educated, knowledgeable, understanding, respectable and I definitely will return if need be.
This is the best experience I have had with a dental office.
I am very pleased!

