Nati's alterations is one of the best places I have taken my clothes to get altered!
The lady that works there is phenomenal, she reconstructed my blazer from scratch that was 3 sizes bigger for only $50!
Not only did the jacket look amazing once it was altered but you cannot get a better price than that!

Been going to Nati's alterations now for a while.
Its Fast, affordable, and reliable service.
I recommend it to all my friends and family.
I trust no one but this place love love love it!!

Nati's alterations is awesome.
I'm sooooo happy they are still in the area.
I've been coming to this place for years!
I remember when Nati took in a full sequence size 13 dress in for me and made it into a size 0 for me!
It was perfect and I've been coming here ever since!
Now Nati's is under new management but still the same quality of work!
The prices are extremely reasonable so I always take my jeans and clothes here!
Lets keep this awesome local business around!
They do awesome work for cheap and they work around the clock to keep the turn around time fast!
You can sometimes drop something off and depending on the work you can probably get it back in the same week if she's not too slammed!
Love Nati's they will always have my business!

Needed to get my pants song cause I tore the zipper.
I wife found this place and they did it for seven dollars great job on time wonderful people

We discovered this place by accident and have used it for the last 2 years.
Feri is the new owner having bought it from Nati.
Feri is a very quiet soft spoken lady,  great seamstress, not very entrepeneurial (good for clients) and a push over if you are going to haggle (please don't) we also want her to stay in business and keep her kind demeanor.
Over the last two years, we have had her hem countless pairs of slacks and for $10-12 ea, had her sew custom furniture covers  and shade cloth for outdoor area.
For any sort of custom work,  we think the pricing is very fair.
The regular work like hemming is a low as it should go.
For the customer who was complaining about the price alteration on their $50 pair of pants for semi custom work, what are you expecting?
You do semi custom work on designer clothes/suits or gowns or you have a sentimental attachment to a piece of clothing else its not worth it.

Feri does excellent work.
We came with a tight deadline to alter a very expensive bridal gown.
Feri did the work was as a top priority, done with a smile and the outcome was perfect.
My daughter is short and the dress required hemming all around.
The neckline was changed from staps to a halter.
Beautiful work, kind and integrity.
You will not be disappointed

I just picked up a jacket from here.
I don't even think that it was altered.
It looks the same as when I dropped it off - I could tell (still) it didn't fit right when I tried it on, but I didn't want to make a fuss about it in the store.
There goes $30 and here goes my future business.
The most frustrating part was that I tried it on and asked her what she thought, and she said "looks good.
" Well, I got home and tried it on again, and it most certainly doesn't look good.
2 stars instead of 1 because it was returned to me promptly.

