It's ok. Not terrible tasting.
We ordered delivery lunch specials today which come with a side of rice, a crab puff, & a small veggie egg roll.
We usually order Chen and Wok Express but we're trying to save money & found Panda Gormet has a lower dilevery minimum.
We were looking to spend roughly $10.
He ordered the house special which was supposed to be spicy but had no "zing.
" I ordered the teriyaki chicken.
Edible but nothing special.
We were disappointed in the amount of food.
We substituted the crab puffs for more rice because neither of us eat them, so there was alot of rice.
The meat portion was lacking & there was quite a bit more grissle(fat) on the chicken than I'm used to.
On the brighter side, they were very helpful in helping us order sine we didn't have a menu to look at.
The wait tine for our food was pretty quick & the food was warm & mostly fresh.
Overall this so far is #4 on our list of favorite Chinese Food Places.
I'll make a list of favorite places in the about me, if you're interested.
-Cupcake Arquette-

Good food for fair fare

Cheap.
Convenient and they deliver.
Food is definitely not gourmet.
But its not completely bad.
I give the taste a 3 out of 5.
Friendly drivers.
Can barely understand the lady over the phone but just tell her what you want and they'll deliver 30 min or less

I found an old menu off on the internet and used that to make my selections.
Perhaps it was a very, very old menu because what I calculated to be about $17 and change ended up being $23 and change once I ordered.
Sesame Beef (quart size):  Had a cheap feel to it and the sauce was a bit sweet for my liking.
I'm used to beef with a lite coating but this was more heavily breaded.
House Special Friend Rice:  Very, very dry.
The rice could easily be separated into individual pieces.
The beef, chicken, and shrimp were skimpy.
Egg Rolls:  Overall very good, much larger than typical.
Service:  Easy to order on the phone, polite delivery driver.
One big negative was that they brought no soy sauce and no hot mustard even though I asked for them on the phone.
I only received a very small container of sweet & sour sauce.
The average quality of the food was magnified since I wasn't able to season it to taste.
Most of these issues can be chalked up to my own person taste, so to each his own.
I've found a lot of Chinese restaurants have dry fried rice.
Others might like the sweeter, breaded sesame beef.
The combo prices (include extras like 1 egg roll, rice, etc) are very cheap so if I give this place another try I'll go that route.
I can handle average Chinese food like I can handle average pizza, but only if the price makes up for the difference.
At $23 (not including tip) it just wasn't worth it.

I love this place!
Unfortunately I live far away, but I go here every chance I have when I am in the area.
It is so quick and convenient, I usually call ahead, place my order and pick it up on the way home.
They also deliver within a 3 mile radius which is great if you work or live nearby and just don't have time to pick it up.
The food is always hot, fresh, and delicious.
Definitely worth it !

