Stopped in for a Sunday Breakfast before a baseball spring training game.
I have to admit that this IHOP was a bit smaller then the ones i have been too, but they did a great job, there was one young girl in the front that was a bit silly, but everybody else was fine.
Service was quick and efficient.
I understand its like any other IHOP, but they do a good job with their space and the quantity that arrives to eat there.
So if your in the area and need some food in your system, stop in.

Very crowded!
Go to the one on Central.
Way better IHOP.

I generally am a fan of all IHOPs.
I give this one 4 stars because while it is a dive location, at 3AM they busted out some great fresh food that we all enjoyed.
Yes we were out at a party so you probably think that any food would be good.
Not always the case.
Im a big breakfast lover and their pancakes are always amazing.
Service was quick and great.
Id go here again!

This place is busy, but the kids love the pancakes so much food for the price.

they do not make good scrambled eggs.
the pumpkin pacakes were pretty good though

Dear Manager, It is a bad idea to argue in the foyer with a customer who is complaining about how long it took for their to go order.
In addition, I suggest you find the source of the vomit-like smell that was the ultimate reason we didn't even wait to be seated.

The whole service was awful!
We got seated and it took about 15 min to get our drinks ordered, then they had the dishwasher, chef, waiters and the manager all taking orders.
When the food was delivered about 30 min later one of our orders was wrong and the other was burnt also the table next to us had the same issue.
And in the end when we went to pay they didn't have change so they asked myself if I had change for a dollar and when I said no the poor waitress had to use her own tips to give out change to the customers!
Never again will I go there

This IHOP just opened.
The place is all new, clean and has comfortable modern decor.
The food was cold and the service colder.
Our orders was wrong, had to repeatedly ask for water refills.

