Have been to this location on occasion, during my single escapade I have become very fond of the double cheeseburger, however at this location there seems to be an issue with the lettuce not being fresh, lines not be handled in the most efficient manner, and the staff being rude.
Not sure what gives however I feel compelled to let the Northern Phoenix community know there are better places to "have it your way.

Ordered 3 #2's....and all the large fries were put in one bag...but not in a standing way, but it was all thrown together with fries all over the place in bag.
I tried to tell to worker there, and she just turn away, and asked for the  manager and now will help.
This happen  9-19-2011 @4:38pm.
A little professionalism would be nice when it isn't busy.

this is by far the worst burger king i have ever been to.
the first mistake was when i ordered the brownie icecream and the girl who made it gave it to me burnt.
when asked did she know the brownies were burned she said yes and gave them to us to eat anyways.
then when i go to the drive thru to make two seperate orders i was told only one order per vehicle allowed.
i was like since when is this and why is that.
the employees are so lazy and half assed they never do anything right.
i would say if you are hungry and need a quick bite to eat do not come here what so ever.
it should be closed down and they need to do a massive rehire.

2 stars for free wifi that works & one outlet yay!!
Place is dirty and your older burger king when given a choice I'd go to the one on Peoria ave next to metro center mall and barnes and noble, love that one clean, new looking, free wifi.
I just love their cleanliness I feel like a clean service area = a clean kitchen!
This location was dirty, I washed my hands in the bathroom and it was not very clean.
They do however have this deal going on pretty amazing!
$1 for a small caramel frap, mocha frap and smoothies for $1 dollar yes!!
beat the summer heat with a refreshing ice cold drink from BK!
lots of parking

BK: Are you checking up on your franchise holders?
Probably the worst I've ever been to!

Dear Burger King Manager at 2318 W Northern Ave: My fiancé is too kind to write this, but I am not.
Yesterday (October 9th, 2013) a few Special Needs Adults came into your Fine Dining Establishment, supervised by my fiancé and his coworker.
While it's true, one of these Special Needs Adults does have an issue with body odor, I expect he isn't the first to enter your Fine Dining Establishment with such a problem.
They do landscaping work during the day in Phoenix, and don't have time to run home for a shower before sitting down for a burger and fries at your Fine Dining Establishment.
I am curious to know if you also ask fully functioning construction workers, surveyors, ranch workers, etc.
to leave when faced with the same issue, or if it was simply because these were adults with disabilities?
Or perhaps it was because the gentleman in question was African American?
I'd like to think you're just an ignorant fuck, but maybe you are a racist ignorant fuck too.
- Liz Petty

Great service, great, fresh, food.
Clean all around.
The Hispanic young man (I believe he is a manager, and if not he should be.
) that served me did a great job.
Very professional.
The Big King is BK's 'Big Mac'.
It is made exactly like the Big Mac.
Even down to the special sauce.
I tasted the meat more-so than anything.
The chicken nuggets were crispy fresh and good.
Fries, as well.
I really love the Coke fountain they have here.
You can add multiple flavors to your soda at no extra charge.
Over all, I give this Burger King a 5/5.

