Only giving it one star because the gals who work in the office were very sweet and tried to be helpful.
Having just moved here I needed a new place and thought I would give them a try.
My first thought as I walk into the lobby is it doesn't seem very professionally set up.
Seems cheaply decorated and it smells really weird...almost gross.
I had a hard time with my stomach.
It was later explained to me that it was the lens cutting smell.
They tried Febreze but that just made it worse.
I ended up going outside for fresh air.
I had a 2:00 appointment.
A man walked in after me and said he didn't have an appointment but he had been a patient for five years and had been recovering from eye surgery and needed a new prescription...they took him in before me.
This didn't make me very happy, but --- along with the unprofessional vibe, the smell and being backed up - I stayed.
Then I was called into the exam room.
As I'm talking with the tech about what I'm looking for and she is getting ready to start some tests the doctor came in and told me I needed to move over.
Didn't introduce himself and wasn't very friendly about it.
The tech let him know I wasn't who he thought I was and he said "you need to move her out of here" and when she tried to move me to a particular room he very rudely said "I said you need to move her out there!
"  I thought, poor girl - this doctor is a jerk.
So she sets me in a hallway and he brought a different patient into that room.
I sat in the hallway and looked around and saw that the walls and counters and stuff were just awkward and out of place - it felt run down and not clean.
They brought me back to the room and as I'm sitting there I see that there's a part of the counter that is missing.
It doesn't feel clean, sanitary, organized...it just has an uncomfortable feel and by this time I've decided I don't want to go through with the exam and tell the tech.
She thought it was her fault and I explained that it's not her, she just works there, it's the environment...it doesn't feel right and I want to leave.
She told me to wait there and she would bring in the manager and I told her that talking to someone else wasn't going to change how I felt about the condition of the place or make me more comfortable...but she left me sitting there anyway.
After about 30 seconds when they hadn't returned I just got up and left.
I feel bad,  But, there was no way I wanted to waste any more of my time or any of my money there.

Only giving one star becuase you have to at least give one star...
It all started on October 8, 2012 when I went in to order two pairs of glasses for my 3 year old.
I ordered a pair of regular glasses and a pair of sunglasses.
I walked in and told the gal at the reception that I needed to order two pairs of glasses, the Miraflex, for my son.
I knew exactly which ones I wanted and I have the Rx from my son's eye specialist.
Well, this process took over two hours...first clue I should have turned around and ran out the door...
I was told it would take 7-10 days.
I called on day 10 and the the gal who answered the phone said the glasses weren't in and made it clear to me that THEY would call ME when the glasses arrived.
I called again 3 days later, no glasses.
I called again on Monday, October 5, 2012.
Found out the glasses were there at the office but the lenses were not in the glasses.
The guy, Don, who cuts the lenses has been out because his wife's mother has been ill.
The receptionist did not know when he would be back in to cut the glasses but assured me she would call me by 5:00 pm to let me know.
I received no call back.
I called again Tuesday, October 6, 2012 and the receptionist, Stephanie, answered and I told her who I was and the excuses started flying about why she didn't call me back (this was the second time she promised a call with no follow through).
I was told Don would not be in to cut the lenses today and the doc (Mr. Stern) was not in today either.
I told Stephanie I wanted my money back and I was taking my business else where...of course she is not authorized to do refunds.
I told her I was contacting my credit card compnay and opening a dispute.
While I was on the phone with Chase, Stephanie called and left me a message stating they could have someone in town cut the lenses and have them to me by end of business today.
I called her back and agreed that I would drop the dispute once I had the glasses in hand at the end of business today.
She called back again and said it would be Wednesday morning...OF COURSE!
Well, I am showing up at 9:00 am tomorrow and the glasses better be ready.
I will never ever, ever, ever recommend or use this place again.
I have no confidence that the glasses will be ready tomorrow at 9:00 am and therefore will most likely need to go through with the dispute.
Either way this place is terrible and I do not know how they are still in business!

This is the worst experience I have ever had ordering glasses.
They were by far the most expensive and took well over a month for them to get here after I had paid for them in full.
The office lied to me repeatedly,  the lab didn't send them.
Then they had to be cut and the person who did that had the flu.
Then someone else said there was a death in the family........excuse after excuse.
Worst of all after I got them they constantly looked dirty and couldn't be cleaned even though I used the cleaner and soft cloth they said I should.
I went back three times and was told I was not cleaning them right.
I finally took them to another eye glass provider and they told me the coating had crazed( many small cracks across lens).
This is caused by using to much heat when the lenses were put into the frame.
They told me there was only a 30 day warranty after I paid for them.
The ridiculous thing is I did not even have them them yet.
DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE !!

I am looking for a new place to go because I will never set foot in this office again.
Dr Stern is okay, but Mike (I think that's the guy who sells glasses and contacts) is RUDE!
I ordered my contacts in early August and didn't get them until late October.
Meanwhile I got some from 1-800-contacts to hold me over.
When I asked for a refund since they said mine were backorered, I was told no refund.
It was still over a month before I got my contacts.
I gave 1 star because I had to give a star.
This business deserves zero stars.
Front desk staff is also not very helpful.
Free popcorn--is that supposed to make my horrible experience better?

