Just had Shasta perform a minor remodel on our 9 year old Shasta pool.
From the very start I was impressed with their high level of professionalism and attention to detail.
Resurfaced my pool deck plus a few minor additions and the job looks fantastic !
Could not be more satisfied.
I would highly recommend.

I decided to go with Shasta Pools because they had originally constructed my pool when my house was built in 1987 (I've been in the house less then a year) and almost all the reviews online were positive.
The sales guy came out with the original blueprints to my pool and gave me 3 estimated, plain plaster, quarters plaster and pebble tec.
He included an upgraded drain in my estimated and said for the rest of February there was an additional 10% off.
I also knew there a few leaks in my pool equipment, a gasket and a crack etc that I said I wanted fixed and that was suppose to be included in the estimate.
We settled on $5,500 for the work (about a 12K gallon pool 30' x 15' and 5.5 feet deep in the middle, a play pool).
There was good communication to start and the strip went fast followed by inspection alternating days until the work was complete.
That is about all the good I have to say, they started the job quick and finished quick.
There were a few little things that weren't too professional.
The plumber left an empty can of spray paint when we was fixing the leaks and the guys that filled my pool took a towel I had hanging on the pool fence and tied it around the hose.
There was also some other debris on the side that was not cleaned up.
When the supervisor came out to add chemicals he noticed the gear box that made the pop up jets cycle was worn out and needed to be rebuilt, he took the piece off and told us to get it rebuilt so we went that day to get it rebuilt.
I was glad he noticed that and we got it fixed.
*** He took the gear box off and never turned the pump off at the circuit breaker so that night the timer was set and because the piece hadn't been replaced there was basically an open pipe and when the pump turned on the WHOLE pool drained overnight.
My wife called me the next morning and said why is the pool empty and I immediately realized what had happened.
I called the supervisor and he was kind of shocked but didn't take responsibility for it and just said to fill it back up.
We filled the pool back up and he came out to add the chemicals, he was walking me through the pool equipment and said I had to other leaks that had not been fixed, the base of the 6 point water valve had a crack that leaked water when the pump was on and the gasket of the backwash piston had a leak.
He said I should get that taken care of.
The next day I went to backwash my pool and after that it would leak slowly out whenever I had the pump on.
That was my breaking point since I'm a pretty easy guy.
The next day I called and complained and outlined the above and I said I originally told the sales person I wanted all leaks fixed, what's the point of paying 5K and not having working pool equipment, at the very least the plumber should have said hey you have these other leaks do you want them fixed or the supervisor should have said that instead of just saying you may want to get that check out.
So they gave me an estimate of $400 to fix both and I agreed, they said they would send an addendum before the work could get done but they needed payment now.
I paid them and I didn't get the addendum until 2 weeks later.
I should note there is horrible communication between the sales team and the construction team, when I called my construction rep he said all he has is the work order to fix 1 original leak and not the original contract I had signed.
Another manager said he would send me a check for the water that got wasted on the 2nd drainage that went all into my side yard into my front yard.
So they lined up a plumber to come out and fix the other leaks all the while my wife is in labor and gave birth later that night, our friend that was watching out other daughter said the plumber was there, when I got home I went out and checked the work and nothing had been fixed, I called the rep and he said let me check on it, he called back and said the plumbers went out there but the parts they needed in the warehouse were out of stock so they didn't fix it?
So he will send out another plumber which happened I think on a Wednesday and I paid him for the fix on the previous Friday.
All in all a very frustrating experience where I think I got overcharged, over stressed and lack of communication.
Even their pamphlet on how to care for the pool after a replaster isn't complete.
There is no mention that if you vacuum the pool it can ruin the finish.
After this I really can't recommend Shasta pools, I wanted to like them and other companies are probably just as bad and I'm sure with new pools they are good but their level of customer service and thoroughness leaves something to be desired.

I had Shasta come out for a repair and they were great!
Was able to get scheduled pretty quick and the customer service was great!

We engaged Shasta for a major pool remodel and update in 2006, which included the addition of a spa and heater and all new mechanicals.
The spa had some structural problems that arose beginning around a year after completion, but Shasta addressed them without hesitation, with the final resolution in the summer of 2013 involving a complete reconstruction of that element of the original project - all at no cost to us, and sparing no detail as to the original specifications.
They were great to work with from day one in the project during the design stage and construction stages, as well as the all important last phase --  standing behind their work at the back end.
Earlier this year we upgraded our main pool pump to a variable speed through Shasta, and this past week we replaced the 7 year old heater (after 7 relatively trouble free years before the corrosive pool water took its toll), and used Shasta, after another firm had misdiagnosed the problem -- which would have had us spending 1/3 the cost of a new heater on a component that was still working without addressing the problem.
The Shasta  remodel crews are courteous and conscientious to a fault, and the fact that Shasta stands behind their work is important on such a large investment, as many of our friends who had done pool remodels around the time as ours had issues arise, only to find their pool firm no longer in business and/or otherwise unwilling to stand behind their work.

Shasta built a brand new pool for me and immediately after they completed the work, there was a huge crack in the pebble tec.
I was told several times it wasn't their fault and they would not fix it.
No on was ever in the pool because it was winter time.
This crack was there during their final inspections.
It was a huge 4 foot crack.
The quickchlor salt system never worked and they refused to warrant the equipment even though I paid extra for the warranty.
I had numerous things go wrong with the equipment and I had to pay for them to fix items under warranty.
I would never recommend them to anyone.it was the biggest waste of 36k I spent.

We contracted last year with Shasta for a pool spa combo.
What a mistake!
It took 8 months from contact to finish, almost every phase of the pool construction was messed up:  deck cement installed to incorrect measurements, we had  3 trips to store for reselecting the tile types over and over due to supplier outages???
Interior pool finish messy, got white finish up 1 inch of dark grey tile grout and didn't get cleaned up very well!
Tile installed incorrectly in spa, had to be ripped off and reinstalled, new electrical lines shorting out, blew up our existing electrical breaker box on our house and had to replace the box on the house (yes seriously), we had valve issues on the pump for a month, spa draining without a reason, finally found out there was a LEAK in the bottom of the pool!
Had to drain spa and patch!
8 months of hassle, zero oversight of their subs/workers and less than zero communication or note taking between employees of Shasta, subs and us the customers.
We had to drain the pool twice for fixes and all we got was 1 check for 50 bucks for all our troubles.
Shasta did fix everything but what a friken a nightmare!
Buyer beware!

