Rooms were fine and staff was great but prices were high.

Paid a decent rate $79 for a suite each night over the weekend, but after the kids swam in the pool and in the hot tub over the weekend, they all got sick with 'Hot Tub Rash'.
Tried to contact the hotel management and they would not call me back after multiple attempts.
Continental breakfast was good, but avoid the pool!

My wife and I travel the country for our jobs and stay in 1 hotel a week usually.
This is one of the worst we have stayed in.
There were no luggage carts for us to use, which is hard when you have a lot and are on the 3rd floor.
Two of our three rooms smelled like smoke and we had to get new ones.
Our bed comforter had noticeable stains and there was hair on the blanket below it.
Not a very clean and comfortable hotel here.
I would not stay here again.

This hotel came to our rescue!
We had made reservations at a La Quinta in, thinking it would be decent, but after being scared out of our wits by the needles and disgusting rooms, we needed a new hotel and fast!
No one was available at all, we went to five different hotels and were about to give up, and then the comfort in said they had two rooms left.
We needed two regular rooms, and they told us they had one regular, and one suite, but that they would give us the suite for the price of a regular king!
The suite was phenomenal and was fantastic.
They turned our stay right around!
And the breakfast, while small, stayed open for us, even though we were way late.
They said it was totally okay, even though they were trying to close.
Will definitely visit again!

i'm kinda surprised this hotel doesn't have more stars lol.. anyway, my husband and i originally stayed here may 1st, 2013 for some days to celebrate our honeymoon.
we came back to this hotel just yesterday for 1 nite cuz of stuff going on in our house so we needed an overnite stay.
and for the sentimentality, we chose this place :) it's in an odd place IMO but there's a short row of restaurants right in front of it, one of em being outback steakhouse lol.. so part of y we stayed w/ a choice hotels brand is cuz i'm a member and we had the points for a free nite.
so this was a free stay minus the food we got lol.
u walk in and it's a decent cozy entrance/lobby.
the front desk counter is crazy high tho which is awkward for my 5'3 self.
the girl was new and didn't know how to do choice rewards free nites :/ so that took her a few mins and i guess there was no one she could ask for help.
idk, i mean if ur new, wouldn't it be smart to be trained on how to do various types of check in's, esp the free nites ones?
lol.. it's fine, just saying something for the staff to consider doing for their newbies..   we were supposed to have a 2 queen beds reg room, not handicap accessible.
but cuz she gave us our choice of which floor, we chose 1st, we ended up w/ a room w/ the roll in shower, no problem.. the only 1st impression issue we had was when we walked into the room, it had the smell of cleaning supplies lol and that smell stayed (u only notice it when u open the door and walk in lol, not while ur in there).. i mean it's no big deal, we'd rather it smell like cleaning supplies than something 'bad' lol.. also, last yr we experienced that the tv gets fuzzy/static when it's changing channels.
we reported it last yr to the front desk who simply said it's just a problem they can't personally fix.. but idk, i thought that 1 yr would be enuf time to figure this out but sadly, even tho it's a great sized HD flat screen tv (u can turn it btw for if ur at the desk/table which i did a lot, other places have the tv locked in place and whatnot), so yeah sadly the static problem is still there lol... no biggy tho, the channels all still worked and were crisply clear, which is more than i can say for their sister brand clarion in las vegas (where we stayed a few weeks ago for our 1st wedding anniv) that still has the old box tv's and bad reception where some channels don't even work.
so w/ the breakfast, this time around, they offered original flavor waffles, so i jumped at that, last yr it was flavors i wouldn't eat.. the 'cheese omelette' deal they had, the pieces were rubbery and we didn't like w/e they use for cheese.
my hard boiled eggs tasted better.
lol my husband said they must be leftover from the beginning of breakfast time.. but i did like the juice selection they had :), i got glasses of all 3 (the 4th is water), lemonade, orange juice, and apple juice cuz they happen to be the only juices i enjoy lol... the breakfast attendant was really nice and quiet, he was very attentive to keeping everything clean and neat, which i appreciated.
there was also a tv in the corner, lol it was on some strange channel this tv addict didn't know existed!
the bathroom we had was a nice size since it's an accessible one, the faucet is crazy close to the sink lol so i kept bumping my hands washing my hands but w/e.
i wonder how a person in a wheelchair would deal w/ this tho, if the faucet is far out enuf for them to reach?
the walls are also really thin so u can hear clearly other rooms' convos lol so keep it quiet if u wanna have a private convo (or do other stuff)!
this also means u hear the vaccuuming in other rooms and above u. we were on the 1st floor but i personally didn't hear any highway noise, but that may be b/c of the a/c being kinda loud lol.
my husband saysa i was killing it by having it on 70 and it kept turning on and off constantly, *shrugs, this is hot as heck az!
lol... lol u even have an option for pillows cuz they put soft pillows in front, and firm in the back.
the bed is nice too, all white fluffy, thick comforter (idk the specific type) but it's better than the typical older versions m/hotels usually have.
and no stains or nothing considering it's all white bedding lol.
but i normally struggle w/ sleeping in a new place the 1st-2nd nites, but the beds must've been damn comfy enuf or something cuz i slept damn good lol, even took a nap after the breakfast b4 checking out at 12... there was a good supply of towels, which some hotels slack in.
there's also a room safe, ironing stuff, guest laundry available, a drink vending machine for $1.50 and ice machine, the free continental breakfast as i mentioned, and can't forget the dorm-size microwave/fridge in every room, not every hotel offers the microwave and fridge!

