Ok  Don't have their "grilled" eggrolls or crabpuffs They're soggy and floppy and just soooooooooo gross.
Seriously.
Don't.
Their chicken bowls are pretty good though!
I would prefer their spicy teriyaki sauce to be less sugary... but it was definitely edible.

Im a fan.
Been to this location only a few times but always good.
Never tried the egg rolla or crab puffs so cant comment but love love love the spicy veggie bowl.
For a fast food stir fry/teriaki place this is where id choose...well here or kyoto bowl but sams has more locations

Sam is da man.
I was very impressed with the fare here.
I had a bowl with noodles and chicken on my first outing, and it was awesome.
Another time I came I felt way hungry, so I ordered the SUMO bowl.
Whoa.
The bowl is a 32 oz bowl, I could have had it all chicken though.
The beef is meh.
I agree with another yelper that the eggrolls are subpar.
They are grilled I guess?
I dunno, lame.
At another location they had these "carnival" cookies that were awesome.
Another variety of cookies were the butterscotch.
OMG.
Amazin.
So yes... Sam is da man.

The restaurant was pretty clean overall.
There was only one person working and he came off a little short (verbally, not physically) when he was taking our order.
He almost seemed to be a little annoyed that we were taking up his time by placing an order.
The yakisoba bowl with steak was both good and bad.
All of the ingredients seemed like very good quality but it was doused in teriyaki sauce.
I think if we had gotten the sauce on the side we would have been very pleased.
The grilled eggroll was OK.
It was a little soggy but the flavor was good.

They have a special for a chicken and vegetable teriyaki bowl and a drink for 3.99 which is a steal.
I always ask for no carrots because I hate those little buggers, and they never have a problem accomodating my wishes.
I don't ever crave this place, but its an ok place to grab a quick bite to eat when you don't feel like cooking after a long day.

My hubby likes it here for some reason.
I prefer Tokyo Express for a chicken teriyaki bowl any day!
Not that the bowls we got here last Saturday afternoon were bad, they just weren't very good.

Great place.
Clean, nice employees and the prices are perfect!

Restaurant seems kinda dingey inside, and some of the surfaces did not look like they had been cleaned in a long, long time.
Samurai Sam's, I wanted to love you, as I miss good Teriyaki places in Phoenix (they are everywhere in Seattle, literally 30 within 5 miles of my old house).
But no such luck, the steak teriyaki is chewy and has a funky  taste, and the chicken is nothing special, fairly dry, in an overly-sweet teriyaki sauce.
Nothing seemed fresh at all, and based on the speed with which it was served, I doubt it was.
For what you pay, you don't get a lot of chicken/steak, and mostly it's just a bowl of rice.
Won't be back- The lack of cleanliness I could accept, but subpar teriyaki for a high price I simply cannot abide.

I went here for lunch with the coworker.
I would prefer this over Panda Express any day.
Got the teriyaki chicken bowl with the fried rice with white meat.
It was pretty good.
The chicken actually taste like real chicken and not all mushy like Panda Express

This is my favorite place for chicken teriyaki.
Kind of reminds me of Tokyo Express, but the sauce is sweeter.
I get my bowl with white meat (excellent quality), white rice (although their brown is good too), no veggies.
Sometimes they can be a little heavy on the sauce, so I ask for half of it in little plastic cup.
The eggrolls aren't the best because they're grilled (comes out soggy), but the flavor is good.

This place is disgusting ..went here starving and left starving !
Couldn't bare to eat food that looked unappetizing , we got the teriyaki bowls ..
Veggies were soggy and looked microwaved , they were a dull color , kinda rubbery too.
Meat looked like thawed frozen chicken (not fresh) rice was drenched in sauce.
Place was dingy inside , not very clean ..
I don't expect much from fast food places but when your starving and STILL can't bring yourself to eat the food that's a bad sign (usually everything looks and taste better !
)  just gross all the way around.
If you want a yummy chicken bowl go to Yogis !
They r delish and fresh !!

This place is decent however lacks cleanliness which is concern for me when I want to dine in.
Food is good I had their teriyaki rice bowl and their ultimate meat bowl which was also pretty good.
I think Yogis on Camelback j's the best rice bowl place in the valley though.

