I had a  clogged pipe on Super Bowl Sunday!
I didn't want to call a plumber because I don't trust them or mechanics.
I figured that they would gouge me!
So, I waited until early Monday morning called work and let them know that I would probably be out all day.
I called Valleywide; the woman that I spoke with was very friendly (especially for a Monday morning).
Robert was at my house within two hours and had snaked the pipe in less than a half hour was on his way!
He very friendly and easy to speak with.
He answered all the questions that I threw at him.
I would recommend this plumber to anyone, be sure to ask for Robert!
The only bad thing is that I ended up going to work that day, thanks to the fast and friendly service!
Thanks Valley Wide!

I called ValleyWide Plumbing mid-day after my husband informed me that we are having problems with our bathtub.
I called and spoke to Rochelle (sorry if i spelled wrong) she called me back and let me know that someone would be by in the morning.
My husband then called again and stated that the problem was getting worse,i called back and Rochelle told me that she would try to get someone out today.
She then called back and told me that Patrick was on the way to my house.
ValleyWide was fast, easy and effective.

Probably the worst customer service I have dealt with.
They originally came to our home to fix a clogged drain.
When one of their service men caused a bigger issue we had to have our insurance company involved to completely gut out the bathroom and remodel the bathroom.
Aftter months of going back and forth the bathroom was finally complete and when we turn the shower on... clog still there.
We called they said they would come out and they just don't show up, no call no explanation nothing.
We continue to call and finally they come back and "fix clog" and now the problem they "fixed" has our washer draining into the tub.
We call again to have them come out and again, they schedule a new appointment and no one shows up.
Not until I call to express my unhappiness they decide to send out a supervisor.
They told me the supervisor would be out that day and again nothing.
I waited around all day and when I called to find out the supervisor said coming out didn't fit his schedule, yet no one called us to let us know that.
SO I agreed to have him come out the following day.
I left work early to meet him at my house for him to show up to tell me they are pulling out of the project because they have gone "above and beyond".
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?!
I still have an issue in my bathroom that was caused by them and the customer service was the worst I have ever dealt with in my life and that was above and beyond?
Not only will I not be recommending them, I plan on filing a complaint with the BBB and the AG because after further investigation from the new plumber, the issue we are having is that the line is broken causing the dirty water to flood into our bathroom and the line was broken by whoever serviced it last.
Which was valley wide plumbing.

My boyfriend called Valleywide Plumbing after we had another plumbing co come out to snake the "main" clean out since my shower and kitchen sink was backing up into the other shower.
The other co after snaking the clean out said there is mud on the snake not good, I'll come back Monday with a camera, he came with 2 other guys, they quoted a repair of $6500.
I told my boyfriend call another co we need a 2nd opinion, Billy and Chris came out from Valleywide, we told them what the previous co said, they ran their camera down the clean out and there is nothing wrong, the only thing is there is calcium build up on the pipes and recommended a pipe cleaner to put down the drains and possibly a power spray for $300, but try the pipe cleaner first which is $30.
Billy explained everything we saw on the camera, they were both very professional.
I am so glad we called them, I will use them for my plumbing needs from now on and I will recommend them to my friends and family.
Thank you Valleywide plumbing!
your the best!
Sandy Z

