Their sign says the nicest place on earth or was it happiest....wait thats Disneyland.
I think.
Anyway, the folks behind the counter are very nice and helpful.
I like that they have pasta here and the meat is sliced right in front of your eyes if your into that sort of thing.
Everything always looks really fresh even today at 4 pm.
I have been coming here forever and will continue to do so.

This place has been here forever.
One of the best sub places in the area.
Friendly staff and great pricing.
They shave the meat and cheese right in front of you so you know it is fresh.
Today I visited Mr. Goodcents and I ordered the Penny Sub without ham.
The sandwich maker added a couple extra pieces of roast beef and turkey to compensate.
The bread was soft and the overall sandwich was great as it normally is.
We seemed to get into the place just in time because the place filled up right after we sat down (I guess word could have gotten out that I came in.
)    This place is leaps and bounds ahead of Subway so do yourself a favor and pick this place when you have your next hankerin'  for a tasty sandwich.

Mr. Goodcents is a great alternative to Subway.
They have more ingredient options and a few locations around the valley.
I ordered the Italian sub with Capicola, Pepperoni, and Salami.
They have Asiago bread so I got it on that.
The vegetables are very fresh and the sandwich was great.
For the $5 footlong lovers they have 8 subs on that menu and if you want a different one it's only .49 extra.
They also have many sub size even 8 inch so if 6 is too small but 12 is too large have an option.
If you've never been check it out you won't be disappointed.

After some shopping at Norterra my husband was in the mood for a sub.
He saw a sign for Jersey Mike's & headed over.
When we got closer we saw the "coming soon" part.
Haha, he was bummed.
Then I used my handy Yelp app on my phone & found Mr. Goodcents, which is only a couple miles from our house.
We got there a lil after 7 & there were a couple people ahead of us in line.
I decided on the Nickle sub which had capicola ham, pepperoni & salami.
I got the 8 inch on white & added  provolone cheese, lettuce, pickles & mustard.
Hubby ordered the Penny sub which had turkey, ham & roast beef.
He got the 12 inch on white & added swiss cheese, lettuce, onions, tomatoes, pepperoncinis & oil & vinegar.
We both got combos with drinks, but I got a cookie & he got chips.
Total for both meals was a lil over $15.
The subs were very fresh & tasty, we'll definitely be back!

I've been coming to Mr. Goodcents for a while and was interested in their "new" toasted selections.
I ordered their California Turkey club, they took my name and disappeared to the back only to come back out and continue helping customers.
I figured it may take a minute or 2 so I let the customers behind me move ahead with their non-toasted selections.
Quite a bit of time passed and what had to be 10-15 minutes later a lady emerges from the back with my sandwich.
I got a "sorry for the wait" and took my sandwich to my table.
It was then I found out that the guacamole was left off, so all I had was a cheesy turkey sub.
I then had to go to 3 employees to get this guacamole, with another "sorry" to go with it.
Needless to say by the time this saga came to an end, the rest of my group was done eating and got to spectate as I ate my sandwich, as well as eating additional time off our lunch hour.
Pretty disappointing, maybe all sub shops aren't equipped for the toasted game.....or maybe they could have better communicated the ordeal that was to come.

What like about this place is the service.
Cold cut meats sliced as you order your sandwich and it goes right on your choice of bread.
The guy doing the slicing had an awesome customer service attitude; totally aggresive but also friendly.
The sandwiches were good.
If you need a quick bite for lunch I would say Mr. Goodcents is the way to go.
Don't expect anything too extravagant, its a sandwich....

We use to go there however it seems like they started skimping on the meat.
Too much filler stuff and not enough meat and the customers think maybe I could just do this at home.

The meat and bread is so fresh that it makes Mr. Goodcents my number one sub place to hit up when in the mood for a sub

They serve very fresh sandwiches and they have a different flavor all their own.
Yes it may just be a sandwhich, but this location has very freindly staff & great chocolate chip cookies.

I love this Mr. goodcents.
it is a few miles from my house but other than convenience of location, the owner here is awesome.
Every time I come in he always gives me a compliment of some sort.
one night i had just got my hair done at the salon and when i walked in he said "i love your hair!
" Way to make a girl feel special :) Everyone is always courteous behind the counter, fast, and the food is great.
This is the only goodcents i go to!

Staff was fantastic.
It was our first time in and they were incredibly friendly with a smart alec like attitude (in a funny way) and we loved it!
First timers get a free cookie!
The place was spotless... very very clean.
Loved that.
Now for the food... Hubby had a Hickory smoked turkey sandwich - cold sandwich... it was really good.
yummy chewy bread - very soft and fresh.
And mind you it was about 8pm at night.
I got a California Turkey Club - this is toasted...
I didnt know that when I ordered it but my bad for not paying attention to the menu board.
It was still very good but I liked the cold sandwich better... its all just a personal preference... hot or cold... they were both very tasty and all ingredients were fresh and delicious.
I wouldn't say I'd go out of my way to eat here but it was a good sub.

Great place to go for a sub sandwich!
Meat & Cheese is sliced to order - no pre-packaged/pre-sliced crap!
Plenty of sandwich & topping choices!
Owner and all workers are always friendly & service is fast!
Penny Club, Italian, Buffalo Chix are some of my favorites - yet, all are good.
They also have a kids menu & pasta which my little one loves!
Stop in & enjoy!

The grandkids wanted Mr. Goodcents for dinner.
We've been to this location several times throughout the years especially since it is right up the street from us.
I have always been  very impressed with this place!!
If you've never been, when you order a sub they literally slice the meat in front you... to me is what a sub should taste like.
I have always had a great experience with both the food AND customer service ).I prefer this over Subway or Quizno's anyday!!!
Very reasonable prices and great food.
If you get a chance, try this place.

I could eat subs for lunch every single day and never tire of subs.
Usually I go to subway because of location and price, but when I want a real treat I order Mr Goodcents.
I order the same thing every single time and consistently it is delicious.
The delivery driver is so professional and she is a sweetheart.
When I am feeling extra crazy I order chocolate chip giant cookie.
All very delicious!!
Not the cheapest but definitely worth it!

We love us some Mr. Goodcents!
Everyone who works there is incredibly friendly and welcoming.
I am obsessed with the razor-thin onions they put on the sandwiches.
Everything is cut fresh and to order.
Unlike Subway, their bread tastes freshly baked and is very soft.
If we have a hankering for a sub, you better believe we'll be heading for this place!

The sell tasty sandwiches at this place.
I like how they freshly slice their meat & cheese.
I like the turkey pepperoni with mozzarella on wheat.
The price is similar to other sandwich places except this place offers a punch card  to earn free sandwiches!
Today the told me to pick a winning Wednesday card, I won a free bag if chips for my next visit.

I love Goodcents way better than Subway.
Their bread, meats and cheeses are so fresh.
They slice the meat and cheese right there for you.
In addition t bread is heavenly...They are fast, courteous, and clean.
I've never had a bad experience here.
Just an FYI I get the veggie sub on wheat.
My wife like their tuna sub Goodcents is super clean and super efficient.
Easy parking lot to get in and out of as well  FOOD: Excellent sub sandwiches.
They don't skimp on their toppings.
When I want a sub I choose this place over Subway.
PRICE: Very reasonable.
SERVICE:  Fast, friendly service.
Very personable, Sam kept our soda and iced tea filled to the brim.
CONCULSION: There's really not much to say, I've never had a bad tasting sandwich from there and they have never messed up.
Makes me wonder how I put up with subway all these years.
RETURN  FACTOR: 100%  ************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?
*************************  5 stars -Highly recommended.
I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business.
It is that good.
This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!
4 stars - Highly Recommended.
I would frequent this business.
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad.
Just average.
I wouldn't mind going again if a friend or family member wanted to go.
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business.
I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too!
DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT!

Hands down the best customer service..!and even better subs the wheat bread is super good I've been coming here for many years..the subs are better than Subway or port-o- subs thats for sure..!
Besides who wants to eat at a place named after a dirty subway or a stinky port-o-potty..?
Not me

Excellent good fresh and delicious with many choices at a great price.
You get it made your way with many different choices of meats cheeses and toppings.
Thru also have pastas but I recommend subs they are better.

LOVE this place.
First, the staff is SOOOOOO nice.
Secondly, the make their own bread fresh, slice their own meats and cheese right there!
I have NEVER had an issue with food, the cleanliness of the restaurant or any service I've gotten here.
Check it out, WAY better than Subway.

There's a Subway across the street, but after discovering this place, I will never go back to that Subway.
They have high-quality, fresh, and sliced-in-front-of-you food.
Prices are slightly lower than Subway.

Dear Subway, although we have had a delightful relationship over the years, I must confess that I have recently started frequenting another sub shop ... Goodcents.
While I enjoy the aroma of fresh baked bread and a happy greeting when I enter your doors, Goodcents has been able to provide for me in ways that you have not.
I must confess, it's true... portion size does matter.
And while you can provide 6 inches or 12 inches of delectable options, Goodcents can provide me with 6 inches, 8 inches, 12 inches or even 16 inches of satisfying deliciousness.
Also, Goodcents has bared its soul, thinly slicing its meats and cheeses right in front of me when I order.
It's refreshing.
I'll still visit you, Subway... afterall, Goodcents isn't everywhere.
At least not yet.
But I thought you should know that they have stolen my heart.

