I HATE JACK IN THE CRACK...the only time I can eat here is if I've been drinking and everyone in the car is craving it.
Not like I got a say I never drink and drive :) so when we all pull up my drunken ass orders something.
THIS PARTICULAR jack just is horrible!!!!
The past 3 times!!!
Drinks get mixed up...fries are missing...tomatos are there when they shouldn't...foods cold...forget my sauce for the eggrolls :( ya don't judge i tried the eggrolls and they were horrible and dry.
And it's really hard to make eggrolls taste bad ,but jack in the box sure was able to do it.

Quick service, clean remodled store.
I had a breakfast burrito and I swear they are better then the 'berto' places.
Nothing to complain about here!

I'm sure many of you are thinking 5 stars, she has lost her mind!
However, I have to admit my favorite 'pick me up' food is a Jumbo jack with cheese with curly fries and an oreo shake.
i went this past Sunday, and I on this particular day I opted for an iced coffee instead of the shake, and the food was served fast and fresh with friendly service.
Nothing exceptional, but it satisfied me.
So why the 5 stars?
This is particular location is in a 'sketchy' area, (19th Ave/Bell) and I have to say the manager was dealing with some very 'ghetto' patrons, they said everthing on their order was wrong; they asked for extra cheese, lettuce and tomatoes and the manager had to put more in the bag.
The customers made comments about how they always get it wrong.
Let's face it, Fast Food restaurants charge for everything - these folks were clearly giving the manager a hard time and trying to get stuff for free and the manager served them what they needed with a smile.
I had to wait while a little bit while she took care of them, but I give this gal a lot of respect for serving me with same smile and professionalism.
And when they left, she didn't roll her eyes and say anything negative, she just took care of me.

This place is open all night so it is awesome for the graveyard crew.

