For a fast-food Philly, it's decent.
They have a lot of choices, and also have loaded fries with cheese, bacon, etc.
on top.
The Philly Steak and Bleu is good, with real bleu cheese crumbles added to your steak while it is on the grill, making a tasty goo on top of your sandwich.

$5 large subs on Tuesdays!!
My fav is the buffalo sub with lots of ranch.. goodness!

I've been going to this place with a friend of mine a couple of times a year for about 4 or 5 years.
The staff is always friendly and helpful and the food is awesome.
I love the grilled sub roll.
It's always crisp, soft and chewy - all at the same time.
When bread was first conceived, I believe that this was the Holy Grail of breads and Charley's has found it.
I usually get some variant of the Philly Steak and have never been disappointed.
My friend always gets the Buffalo Chicken and I think he's the real fan of this place.
It's at his insistence that we come here.
Even so, I'm always pleased and a bit let down that I didn't think of it.
I noticed last week that they have a sign posted in the window that says they give a 10% discount for patrons of the AMC Theater next door.
All you have to do is show your ticket stub.
Nice to know.
I also noticed that this particular store has online ordering.
Just go to http://www.charleys.com/ and put in the zip (85027) and click on the "order online" button.
Now that I know this I may have to take advantage of that and end up eating here more often.

Love the Philly Cheesesteaks here.
I have had everything on their menu.
A bit pricey, but worth it.

Cheesesteaks were great, service could smile more.

I don't understand why there's so few 5 star reviews when no one has anything bad to say!
Armando is always nice and welcoming, the rest of the staff is efficient, my food is always delicious.
And $5.99 for a fresh cooked meal is totally worth it.

I've eaten at Charley's a few times.
It's pretty good, but it's WAY over priced.
Recently I walked by the store and considered eating there, but then saw the cashier standing there on his cell phone doing nothing.
Can't stand that.
I've worked in retail/customer service/food service in the past and that is one thing I won't tolerate.

The picture of a stacked cheesesteak sandwich on the wall is a bait and switch.
When i got my sandwich the amount of meat was a joke.
I complained to deaf ears.
This was my last trip to Charleys.
Go to Luke's of Chicago, get the combo.
Its worth the money and delicious

