This place has been here for EVERRRR It's behind the Big O Tires in the same parking lot as a bunch of car shops.
This was the original "Raider" bar of N. PHX.
for over 10 years I guess its under new ownership now and the new owner ousted the Raider Club.
Ouch this place used to be packed!!
I haven't been here in awhile, well since I had a kegerator and with these bad times I found myself here again last night for a bit while the Fiesta Bowl was on.
You would think with sports on that people would be here but the parking lot was pretty empty.
It was about 8-ish and the bar was quite bare with only a handful of patrons sitting at the bar possibly just for the barbie bartender behind the counter in a tight corset.
It was just my brother and I but we didnt get greeted upon entering or feel welcome so much.
They only had Bud, Bud Light and Amber Bock on tap and what looked like a decent selection of bottled beer.
The staff wasn't overly friendly or attentive to us with my brother practically having to beg to buy another round.
The atmosphere was just pretty blah all around.
The projection screen looks to be the same old one and is in dyer need of being replaced.
The flat screens above the bar are nice but thats about it.
One more good note looks like they put in a smoking patio that seems new and some fresh paint outside to green and white.
Used to be Silver & Black I guess this place really wants to set itself apart from those crazy Raider fans.
I didnt make it upstairs  to have a look around (they used to have pool tables) but most of the furniture looked to be the same nothing special or new.
This used to be such a great place full of energy and happy people.
We left feeling neglected and spent the rest of our money on scratcher tickets at the liquor store where they like us.
I don't want to believe this bar is THAT bad so I plan on returning on a busier night, to give it another go and hopefully update with more stars?

Was here on a slow night; they just began hosting free poker and just like karaoke nights, the purpose is to bring in people when they aren't already coming.
The slow business worked well for playing poker, as the single bartender/server was able to handle everyone nicely and with friendliness.
The place itself is super cool.
Two stories tall, done all up in wood walls with old fashioned gas pumps and junk.
It used to be called "The Service Station" at one time, but i heard that no one could find it, nestled in a strip mall full of nothing but actual auto mechanic's shops, tire stores, and car stereo installation places.
I can see Shenanigan's hopping on the right nights, and with atmosphere this cool, don't know why any of the local youngster alcoholic crowd would want to congregate at nearby Native New Yorker, Applebee's, Hooter's, or Santisi Bros.

Sorry, Shenanigans.
You're a classic example of unrealised potential.
A lady on a pole can really screw up a brutha's judgement.
Such supercools digs, and yet apparent satisfaction with such a generic standard.
The sportsbar goings on in this establishment are not worthy of the amazing architecture.
This new disillusionment is based on my recent attempt to actually use the bar for its main purpose, to drink alcohol.
After a sad, quick glance at the beer tap pulls, the pyramid of empties on the back of the bar make it seem like there's a large selection of bottled, at least.
But no, my hoppy friends, that is not the case.
I think the most imaginative thing there was Sam Adams Boston Lager.
They had Blue Moon, but I'm not a fan.
Think of every single other generic american beer and its Lite version, and it's there.
Why?!
Why have 6 or 7 different brands of american fermented rice lager, when the current trends in pub style have everyone and their mother drinking microbrew ales, stouts, and hefes?
*also* - i understand cost and spillage, etc and how important that kind of thing can be to the owner's bottom line (esp employee theft), but I have never in my life seen a bar install special caps on all the bottles of liquor and an electronic device that fits over the bottle and measures an exact pour.
I get it.
but it's stupid.
...and... if as the bartender, you're going to make a comment that it's not your fault the owner makes you use such a thing, at least learn how to use the damn thing !!!
If i'm only getting that one ounce then you'd better be sure squirting the liquor down onto your overfill of ice cubes doesn't splash my Captain all over the side instead of into the glass!!!
.and then you'd better not splash the soda in so full to the top that it spills over the side.
That's my ounce!
I paid for it, and apparently I'm not getting anymore!!
if you like generic beer and don't get mixed drinks, then this place can still be pretty cool.
if i win a lotto, i'm buying the damn building and tying the owner to a wall for a month so s/he can see how a bar with this much potential _should_ be run.

All the food offered sucks balls (except the heaping mound of french fries for like $2 that the cook fries up quite well), and the owner guy is a TOOL, the kind of jerk that thinks it's okay to banter in a talking-shit/put-down kind of manner with a complete stranger as if they were a long time friend.
Fake friendly doesn't cut it in the service industry.

Been here about 2-3 times back in 2002.
The bartenders/servers all had breast implants and were fake as hell!
And not very nice either.
The last time I went in, there was this bartender with short blondish-brownish hair named Mickey (or Nikki, I don't remember).
She had fake boobs that look like she could be in the porn industry (they were like a H cup or something).
She had the worst attitude I had ever seen in a bar.
I was dating this guy and he kept his attention at her the entire time.
I left the bar, after I stuck the finger at her, and walked home.
He came and got me and said he was sorry.
I stayed with him for another 3 months and left his butt after.
The atmosphere was very boring (all the men were breasts fanatics only).
The drinks were too expensive for my taste.
Just not a good place.
I don't know about these days, but in 2002, it was horrible.
And if you're a female patron, you find that the bartenders are going to want to compete against you on who is more gorgeous.
That's what it felt like to me at the time.

This place isn't quite a full-fledge dive but it can smell funny, their beer selection is basically bud light on draft and whatever dusty bottle of domestic you want.
They offer a menu with what they say is food... its basically deep fried whatever.
They do have Karaoke, Pub Poker (pays $50 cash, I managed to win last time i was there and it was a nice surprise to leave the bar with more cash than i came in with.
) and they have colorful collection of waitresses.
They only have 2 pool tables and their bathrooms are small and awkward.

The place was a great hang-out bar.
Nice people, casual, layed-back atmosphere.
Bartender was nice.
Service was a little slow.
But, there were nice people to talk to while we waited.
I will definitely return to this lovely dive bar.

This is another one of those places that has been here as long as I can remember.
The staff is always friendly and the drinks are inexpensive.
Tipical bar food not too exciting.
Good place to come hang out while getting your car serviced next door.
Plan on making this place a more regular stop for refreshments :)

Havent been here since 1996, looks alot different inside.
Still smells like sweaty Raiders fans as it at one time was a Raiders bar.
Very quiet on a Sat.
afternoon.
Burger was good, service with a smile.

The free poker here is completely rigged for regulars to win.
They also force you to buy drinks to play which is illegal.
The wait staff is rude, slow & petty, I wouldn't set foot inside this dump if you paid & neither would most of the other patrons from other poker leagues I have talked to.
All in all this place aspires to being a dive bar & your $$ is better spent elsewhere.

Day bartender is extremely rude!!
No beer selection.
Its very interesting that they have the show 'Bar Rescue" advertised all over the bar, this bar could sure use the help, however I'm sure John Taffer would fire most of the staff!
Don't think ill be going back anytime soon!

I have never had a problem at this place.
I think the staff is great.
some of the best wings I ever had .
hell I will be going there today,tomorrow and so on

Cassie makes this place!!!
The five stars are for her.

I started going to this place because my girlfriend's court classes were a stone's throw away.
The drinks are fairly cheap Thurs-Sun because of $3 you-call-it's.
They also have like a Wednesday poker night.
Well, I never went for the poker because it seems that this place is small to medium size and so the poker tables seem cluttered, I do like it for the cheap booze.
After my girlfriend's class, we would usually come here for a few drinks with a group of ladies from her group.
They've got a full bar and the bartender Cassie is pretty nice and fast at serving.
The mixed drinks were pretty decent and once in a while they have jello shots and they're priced cheaply.
The food turn around time is not bad.
I've only gotten food a couple of times here and the prices were alright.
They could've been cheaper but well, still alright priced and it's bar food.
I wasn't expecting Blue Fin or Olive Garden at the least.
The food itself was alright.
Wasn't burnt or overly greasy and it filled.
The decor is, well, a bar.
But this is a neighborhood corner bar.
If you were seeking to go somewhere upscale, you would've went to Old Town anyways.
Because of the cheap drinks, this place I could probably see myself crawling out of or being carried away by friends.
I would recommend if I was in the area or if friends were looking for a cheap boozing adventure.
Wish it was a little closer but while my girl was taking classes, it was quite convenient and well worth the trip.

Cassi on night shift was really great!
So helpful.
Knew a lot of new drinks!
So nice.
Will come back because of her.
Prices are great.
Great happy hour!

