This is the McDonald's on the corner of 19th ave and Bell Rd.
Even remodeled, it still looks dirty.
It has always looked dirty in the 10 years I have driven past it and occasionally gone inside.
There are always some sketchy looking characters loitering around too.
It's right next to and across from some of the busiest bus stops in town, so it does have the convenience factor.
The last time I got a Big Mac and fries, it was not fresh.
I never thought I would say this, but if you want a better McDonald's, just go into Wal-Mart right behind and try their McDonald's.

I goto McD's twice a year.
Shamrock shake and McRib.
This year I added a 3rd trip during the BOGO offer for the new Quarter Pounders.
Drive thru here offers two lanes to order that converge into one for pickup.
Drivers beware.
Many drivers leaving the DriveThru also U-turn into the parking area on the East side, so it's probably not a great place to park - and you take your life into your hands if you are trying to leave the Wal-mart via that passageway.
We found the new habanero QP to be fairly tasty, with a giant slice of tomato and the sauce was actually decent, with some spice to it.
Not hot, but hotter than I expected from McD.
I was gonna give them 3 stars for the fact that I was pleasantly sursprised.
Then, I remembered that my previous trip here they didn't have shamrock shakes.
They were out.
Like 3 days into the limited time promotion.
Back to two stars.

Mcdonalds is obviously the most generic hamburger place.
It is also the most succesfull despite being one of the worst.
Outside of the beloved french fries, what does good ole Mcds have going for it?
Carls Jr beat their $1 drink with one for 69 cents.
The new wings are horrible.
Yes they are bigger then the kind you get elsewhere, but not the right kind of spicy and too expensive.
The "special sauce" always brings down the burgers which arent that good to begin with.
Now that Mcdonalds is planning on eliminating the dollar menu and replacing it with a $5 menu, maybe its time to try the Sonic up the street.

As far as a McDonald's this close to a Wal-Mart goes.
I was actually kind of impressed with how well kept it was.
Comparatively speaking...
I had some time to kill before an appointment so I sat down with my laptop and had a coffee.
There were tables with power outlets available specifically for customer use and the free wifi was nice.
This is McDonald's we're talking about here.
They get 4 stars because my expectations were very low and they actually managed to impress me quite a bit during my short visit.

