It's a restaurant in a gas station, but it merits five stars b/c it has glass bottles of soda, just like you find in Mexico.
Good food too.
It's actually not nearly as bad inside as you'd think, it's pretty well set apart from the gas station sales, so I wouldn't mind eating there.
They have a few tables set up inside.
I usually get takeout though (they also deliver).
MANZANA LIFT ROCKS!!!
I'm also going to be drinking the Sprite in the bottle, (cane sugar ftw) and the horchata.
I don't care about Chipotle opening near work anymore, I've found a new Mexican fix for lunch.
What a happy day.

This is hands down one the best 'berto's restaurant.
However they have nothing to do with the other 'berto's, sharing name only.
This is the place that was featured in Diners, Drive Ins and Dives on Food Network..
Okay it is in a gas station though really, its super clean, OMG friendly and the food was awesome!
They make this red salsa that I could have slathered all over the Mr's body and licked it off.. fresh, tasty and cheap.. whats not to love!
Had the California Burrito.. carna asada, guacamole, pico de gallo.. my mouth is watering thinking about that burrito!
Also shared a cheese quesadilla which was all about the salsa dipping!
I just wish that Guy Fieri was there, WOOF!
Roberto's in the Shell Gas Station is a hidden gem.. seriously, its awesome!

Who doesn't think all gas station quick marts should have Mexican takeout counters in them?
Raise your hands.
Seeing this place on TV, we knew we had to go when we were in town recently, and not only did we go, we went directly from picking up our rental car.
We ordered carne asada and a few other things.
Food comes in a styrofoam takeout container with rice and refried beans.
Menudo is only served on Saturdays (thank god it was Wednesday--yuck).
While I was thrilled to see the horchata and hibiscus flower drink machines, the counterperson sadly told me that they were out of it because...they couldn't find their delivery person.
Huh?
Whatever, I had iced coffee.
There are tables set up in a reasonable space to the left of the rest of the convenience store, with some bistro tables by the window.
Portions are on the small size, with the exception of the flour tortilla that comes with your meal that is enormous.
The carne asada and the other stuff was a little tough, a little flavorless, and probably not worth the excitement in our opinion.
However , we both felt that we would happily try some other things before rendering a final opinion.
Perhaps the burritos or enchiladas are more toothsome.
The whole place is a riot, with people enjoying themselves and their food and everyone talking about how it had been on Food Network.
I think Guy Fieri is an oaf, so that doesn't mean much to me--the quirk factor is in full force here, so come if you're in the area.

Everyone I know around here eats at Roberto's, they deliver and it is prob the best Mexican fast food in the near vicinity other than my Mom's cooking of course!
Now I dont eat meat so when they can accommodate me with w/e the effffff I want and however picky my high maintenance self can get, well they get kudos in my book!
They make a mean Chile Relleno Burro you can put w/e you want in it crema, pico, rice, beans they will customize it for you no prob.
This is my fav relleno place on this side of town period!
Dont forget the Horchata!

In a previous review I made of Roberto's in Las Vegas, I don't think I mentioned Roberto's here.
This is part of the Roberto's chain that can be found in Vegas and San Diego.
Please don't confuse it with Filiberto's or Rigoberto's or any of the other 'berto's here in AZ.
This Roberto's in the gas station uses the same recipes as the ones in Vegas.
It's a huge trek for hubby and I to make from where we are, but it's worth it.
The owner told us that it is indeed part of the Roberto's chain in Las Vegas, but they had branched out and decided to settle in Phoenix...the recipes are the same and I could taste the consistency in the flavor and the menu.
I had always loved their chicken chimichangas and their super nachos...along with their carne asada.
I never knew I would crave it!
What I've always noticed about Roberto's is that they're always clean -- their kitchen is impeccable.
Although the layout isn't like in Vegas (you can watch them cook your food and see exactly how clean and exacting their standards are), the food that comes out of the kitchen certainly is just like it is back in Vegas.
It's 40 miles from here, but it was worth that drive.
Pity it's not 24 hours like the ones back in Vegas.
The owner and the workers here are just as friendly and wonderful...I can't rave enough about how much I love the Roberto's chain.

I usually try to avoid eating at Gas Stations if I can at all avoid it.
Usually the fair consists of greasy chips, slush puppies, and questionable hot dogs...not really my scene.
So when Brian V. suggested we check out Roberto's in the Shell Station I was a bit concerned...apparently Guy Fieri speaks to him in his sleep and tells him where to go and what to do.
Once inside my concern was replaced with extreme happiness.
Wow, is this food great!!!
Forest W. and I had cheese enchiladas...good quality cheese, delicious sauce, fluffy rice and amazing lard filled beans!
Brian had the chimichanga and a carne asada taco.
I stole some of his steak and it was tender, flavorful and just plain awesome.
We were stuffed little piggies for about $25.
It was seriously worth the trip out there and I am looking forward to going back for more!!

Who would have thought the most amazing mexican food would come from inside a Shell gas station?
Seriously, it is so good.
I used to go to this place i North Hollywood that was family run, and had the most amazing food.
I missed it so much, and here it is again!
This is the cleanest gas station I have ever been to.
The restaurant is against one wall, and offers tables and table service as well.
The carne asada is to die for.
And, for those who love it (I am not quite that brave) they serve menudo on Saturdays now, as well as Sundays.
What other gas station has been on "Diners, Drive-ins,  and Dives'" Yummy!

My first attempt to try this place out was on a SUNDAY...it is CLOSED on Sundays.
Bummer.
So had lunch and it was great, really, really great.
The food is simple, delicious and sticks to ya, ya know what I mean?
The flavor is hard to describe probably because I have not had such fresh, tasty Mexican food like this...ever.
So, would I ever stop and have lunch here at a gas station if I did not hear that it was so great or have seen them on the Food Network?
No.
But I will definitely make the trip back.
The number 8 was the 2 tacos with beans and rice.
I had a chicken and beef and both were equally tasty.
I added the salsa to the tacos and it just added more flavor to the whole experience.
AND I had to give it 5 stars so to help push up the 4 1/2 stars it is averaging!

I came across Roberto's on a episode of Diner, Drive-Ins, and Dive ...
So I decided to check it out on a recent trip to Tempe, AZ.
For those of you who haven't seen the episode ... Roberto's is located inside a Shell Gas Station.
(I must say that it is one of the nicest and cleanest gas stations that I have visited in awhile).
I ended up going with the "Monster" Chicken Chimichanga combination plate.
The chimichanga was fried to perfection and the chicken was moist and tender.
I am a strong believer that rice and beans can either make or brake a Mexican restaurant ... Roberto's puts out some great rice and beans.
If I lived in AZ ...
I would be eating at Roberto's on a weekly basis.
Thank god I don't live in AZ ... Because I would have died of a heart attack yesterday.

We were hitting some DDD joints in Phoenix on our trip from LA, and hit this place on a Saturday afternoon.
It was, uh, OK, I guess.
I had the chimichanga chicken burrito, my wife had two chicken tacos, and the kids had other stuff.
There was some serious greasiness going on here - the food was good, but absolutely nothing to write home about.
By the way, the counter lady was a serious crab - no smiles, she seemed to be just putting in time.
Other than the kitsch factor of it being in a gas station, I can't fathom why DDD would have gone here....

We live in the general area and have been here several times before and after the DDD show.
They always have good food.
Always.
We had 3x bean and cheese burritos, 1x shredded beef taco and 1x chili releno ,meal with rice and beans.
I could only eat one chili and some rice and beans.
That thing was good.
The burritos an d taco were devoured by the rest of the family with hardly any speaking.
That is a feat in my house.
(3 girls)   I heart Robertos.

I'm finding it very hard to conjure up good memories about mexican food...  "whats your favorite mexican restaurant?
"  **shruggs**  Honestly, with all my visits to Filibertos, Alibertos, Rolibertos, Polibertos, On the Boarder, Chevy's, Arriba's, Nana's, La Parilla Sueza, El Encanto, etc, I cannot say I preffer any of them over the other.
They all mesh together into some big gooey memory of mexican mediocrity.
I mean I like mexican food, I really do, but I guess I've never had a preference to where I have it...  Until now....
I experienced the El Pastor (pork) dish, which had been marinated in a red chile sauce, and was served with rice, refried beans, some pico and a huge ,fresh, HOT flour tortilla.
Delish.
Even my 5 year old who hates ANYTHING that may be remotely caliente was duped into eating some of this... she declared it muy delicioso aswell, but was rather pissed about being tricked into eating mildly spicy food.
I want nacho's next time.
Yes its in a gas station.
So what?
Put your big boy pants on and get you some mexi-luvin.

While spending a quick weekend in Phoenix it seemed I was surrounded by chain restaurants and was having a difficult time finding the "local flavor.
" Thank goodness someone recommended Roberto's.
The "El Pastor" Taco was one of the best tacos I've ever tasted.
Savory spices and tender pork and totally not greasy.
The staff were extremely friendly and there was something about that gas station location that was actually quite lovely!

Yes, the cleanest gas station in the USA!
Good solid food, loved the carne torta, very flavorful cheese enchiladas and beans.
We got our food to go a little too strange for us to eat amongst the pine-scented air fresheners...

Add Al Pastor to the mix What a great twist on Mexican food.
Marinated pork with pinnapple chunks, add salsa and bam...there it is!

The glorious review of this place on the TV show "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives" was a little surprising to me.
I can't figure how they used those camera angles to make the place look so much bigger.
Yes, make no mistake it is located inside a Shell gas station.
You can buy their pop or walk 10 feet and buy the Shell bottles of pop.
This might be a novel feature of a "restaurant" but it certainly cheapens it a little, to say the least.
My cheese enchiladas had cold, unmelted cheese in the middle.
The bean burrito was fine.
Prices were reasonable, but this certainly isn't something worthy of putting on a national television show about great food.
There's also no place to sit if you're there any time close to the usual lunch or dinner hours.
There's no parking either, especially if people are using those few spots to go into the gas station for basic gas station items.

Vegetarian here.
Luckily, Roberto's doesn't use any lard or animal products in its beans.
After reading the glowing reviews here on Yelp, I reluctantly tried out this spot for lunch.
Reluctantly, because it's inside of a Shell gas station.
When I got inside, I was surprised to see that the Roberto's took up a big chuck of real estate inside the building, around one quarter to one third takes up the restaurant seating area.
You can sit at a table or at a bar area with a view out the window.
I ordered a bean, cheese and potato burrito.
It took them awhile to get my burrito ready, but it was piping hot (temperature) when it arrived.
After letting it cool a bit and burning my mouth a few times, I wolfed it down.
Their red salsa is also fantastic, loved the flavor, poured it on top of my burrito at every bite.
I would make this my new breakfast burrito spot too, but they don't open until 10AM on Sundays.

One of my few complaints about Anthem is that there seems to be few locally-owned businesses here.
Lucky me Roberto's came charging up 17.
This is the same restaurant that was featured on DD&D a while back, located in the Shell station 7th Av.
and Union Hills.
Quick spot to pick up some good food on the way home from work.
Just finished off the California Burrito and the new location is just as good as the old one.
The handful of times I've made it to the old location, I've had the chile rellenos, and those are great, too.
This one also has outdoor seating, too.

Anthem is buzzing about this place.
It's good, but to be honest, I think the food at Pinanat Nueva was just as good or bettter, and not at a 45 mnute wait.
I got the carne asada, and I had high hopes for it.
It was somewhat anemic, not the asada I was used to.
Asada is grilled, there was no grilling involved.

I happened to be in the area and have been wanting to try it for a while.
I got the El Pastor plate.
It was good, but unfortunately I've nothing else to compare it, because at any of the *Berto's places I usually order Machaca.
I will admit I got it because they featured it on Diner's Drive-ins & Dives, and it did have a real, cook-to-order grill taste (wok-mei if you will) which I very much enjoyed especially with a fresh tortilla, but again I have no prior El Pastor experience.
The salsa was just ok IMO.
I'd like to try something with green chili sauce next which was also featured on the aforementioned TV show.
Oh, their horchata was really good, yes I know they just dump the stuff into the mixer but it was one of the better ones I've had.
At worst you'll have a belly full of decent Mexican food, so try it.

I just went there tonight with my dad my brother, and his wife.
My dad, brother and I love trying new places and watch the FOOD Network regularly.
My dad had been wanting to try this place out for awhile now - because he saw an episode on Diner's/Drive-Ins & Dives.
He had wanted to go for this past father's day but thank god we opted to cook him a meal at home....  We all love mexican food and we have no idea how this place made it on that show - either Guy (Food Network host) has never eaten decent mexican food in his life or they were paid.
The food was REALLY bad - I'd rather take my chances eating off a street vendor in Mexico City.
We were fine that it was inside the gas station (which was very clean).
But, the food was just horrible.....I ordered the El Pastor plate - pork in a red chile sauce with rice & beans.
The pork, in small chunks and very greasy, had a horrible taste I can't even describe.
I had my dad try some and my sister-in-law and my dad deemed it inedible.
My Dad, poor thing, ordered the fish tacos.
He took one bite and almost spit it out - and then proceeded to dig around in the tacos to survey the contents.
What was supposedly fish, although smelled like fish, COULD NOT HAVE BEEN FISH.
It looked like little rings with a skin of some sort, cut in 1/2" pieces - with the flesh pointing into the center of the rings - kind of the like the "choke" of an artichoke....
So, my brother insisted he return it and get something else (to the obvious distain of the girl working the counter).
He, reluctant to complain, ended up getting some steak tacos instead - which were better but still not good.
He didn't eat more than 1 or 2 bites.
My brother got the carne asada and his wife got the chicken chimichanga.
They were both edible but nothing memorable.
The rice and beans were just okay.
Nothing special there either.
So, this place was a TOTAL FLOP in our books.... DO NOT GO THERE!!!!
For the money, you're better off going to Carolina's on Cave Creek & Thunderbird for some real mexican food - and you'll have some extra money in your pocket afterward!!
(And no sick feeling in your stomach either!

I've noticed some of the more current reviews are low like mine, perhaps something has changed since the DDD review.
I'm a native Arizonan and was back in town for a short trip.
Having been to many taco shops I was excited to try this one after the DDD episode.
My family all came along (yup we were able to seat 10 people there), and we all agreed that Carolina's right up the street is far better.
We had their tacos, enchiladas, chile rellenos, el pastor, carne asada, and beef chimichanga.
Nothing was awful, but it certainly is not the best Arizona taco shop food.
If you really want to try some great taco shop food, I would recommend Los Compadres on 7th Avenue between Camelback and Indian School, or Carolina's further up Union Hills.

My wife saw this restaurant on DDD and has been wanting to go for a long time.
My kids and I finally gave in.
The restaruant was clean.
There were two tables filled.
My youngest ordered chincken wings, which took 45 minutes.
Oh, by the way, we all had finished eating already.
I ordered the nachos grande, which had cold meat, cold cheese (not melted) and watery guacamole.
My other kids and wife all ordered beef chinmichangas, which my oldest asked if the meat was meat.
She my son asked if he would trade his chimi for my nachos, which I reluctantly did.
The chimi was vile.
I would rather have skipped that meal and gone right to bed.
Would never go again and hope the staff member at DDD who found this place gets reassigned to a desk job.

We were in Phoenix just yesterday and stopped by Roberto's for a third time.
We've yet to be disappointed!
My husband loves the breakfast burritos, which he gets with one of the soft sided (el pastor) tacos.
Being no fool, I go straight for the el pastor chimi (solo, not the platter)!
It's a good thing we don't live any closer, we'd be weekly regulars and I don't think I could swim that many laps to make up for it!
On our first trip I had the chicken chimi, and could not believe how tender the meat was, absolutely delicious.
Then I discovered the el pastor...au revoir chicken (as good as it was!).
I don't know what kind of marinate they use, but we love the flavor and tenderness it brings to the pork.
Yes it's in a gas station, but we've always found it to be clean and the food is always fresh.
We arrived around 11:30 yesterday and got there just in time to beat a steady stream of regulars stopping in for lunch.

I went there with wife for lunch.
I saw review at Food channel network and we want to try our self.
I ordered beef chimichanga combo and wife's ordered taco combo.
We were not impressed.
They put lots of tomatoes and bell pepper and not a lot of meat.
All we tasted is salt.
The food is expensive.
We spent about $15 for both meals without drinks.
We agreed that Carolina's is far better.
We will not go back for sure...................

It seems this Roberto's made it to Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive Ins and Dives!
Pity they neglected to tell you the same recipes can be found in the Roberto's that are scattered throughout Las Vegas.
I'm not shooting it down, but the food is consistently good throughout all of the Vegas locations.
I have sent several friends and old co-workers here.
They've all said it's worth the drive - too bad they don't yelp!
They love the super nachos and for some reason, the bean and cheese burrito were huge hits for them.
I've had the bean and cheese burrito and it's pretty darn big and delivers on flavor, too.
I never thought I'd get overwhelmed by flavor and size in a bean and cheese burrito.
It's amazing what you learn about yourself!
Haha.
What a pity there isn't a location in Mesa...wait, or maybe that's a good thing for me.

After having to endure a nasty Mexican food restaurant in Anthem of which I will be gracious enough to not mention their name, Roberto's is a breath of fresh air.
I love the fact that their food is authentic Mexican food and not what I refer to as "gringoized.
"   They make everything fresh daily and the prices aren't to bad either.
I'd highly recommend this place to anyone that lives or is up in Anthem.

Heard a ton about this place, beenbon food network a bunch.
Was craving Mexican and went for take out.
Had the carne asada burro and it was damn good.
The simple mix of beef, some beans, poco and guac was really good.
Definately going back soon, next to try the fish tacos.

It ok food.
I've had better Mexican food.
Portion is small and little high price for fast Mexican food.

Its not in a shell gas station anymore and i guarantee that Guy would never visit the new location on his show.
I ordered the El Pastor burrito and i didn't like it at all, very dry and just not to my liking.
I would never order it again but I'm sure there are alot of people out there that like it.
The salsa was great and i couldn't get enough of it.
I ate half of a bean and cheese burrito and i really liked that also, not the greatest tortillas ever but they are possibly #3.
I would could back and id like to try some other type of burrito or some carne asada tacos.

Just to clarify, this location in Anthem is not in the Shell gas station it's in the Fry's shopping center.
Roger used to own the Roberto's at the gas station on 7th Avenue and Union Hills in Phoenix and that is when he appeared the first time on Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives.
He was also featured in a special Guy Fieri did about his favorite restaurants and I think that was filmed at this new location.
Roger sold the gas station Roberto's.
I think many of the poor reviews are from people who are still going to the gas station location thinking Roger and Maria still operate it.
This new location is quite a drive for me but when we're on our way to or from Sedona we try to stop by.
Roger will go out of his way to make sure you are happy with your meal.
When my Mom was disappointed that her chile rellenos were too hot Roger said just to call him in the morning before we came and he'd prepare some where he'd take out all the seeds.
If you happen to be in the Anthem area this is definitely the place to stop.

1.5 YEARS EARLIER  Him: "I heard about this great Mexican place in a gas station" Me: (Scrunching  up my nose in disgust) "Mexican food ...at a gas station?
" Him: "Yeah we should try it sometime" Me: (with heavy sarcasm) "Sure"  PRESENT TIME  After trying to think of somewhere new to take him for his bday, I finally decided I would try the "gas station Mexican" only come to find out they no longer have the gas station location (YAY!
I don't know why but Mexican food at a gas station just doesn't sound appealing!
)  So we headed up north to Dasiy Mtn Road, easily found the location in the Fry's shopping center and then we just stared at the menu board!
There were a ton of options.. so we didn't even know where to begin.
Ended up with a Texas Burrito, a fish taco and chicken tacos.
The food was very good, very fresh and very filling!
This is a great little family owned place,  you can really tell the heart and soul that goes into the food and they really make you feel welcome when you come in.
Many people seemed to be grabbing the food to go while we were there.
This is a place I am sure we will be heading back to.. and probably not 1.5 years later!

I absolutely LOVE this place!
It used to be in a Shell gas station but it's now in Anthem, where it belongs!
This place was featured on "Diners, Dives and Drive In's" for a reason!
It's Great!
If you like Spicy, ask Roberto for his special HOT sauce that he now sells in a jar by the way!
You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
It's all fantastic!

My wife and I ate at Roberto's for the first time yesterday.
We are currently in the processing of moving from the Ozarks back to the Phoenix area after a ten year absence; one of the things we missed most while in Missouri, was Mexican food.
Since we are moving into the Anthem area we wanted to locate a decent place close by... We certainly found it at Roberto's.
Roberto's has a limited "eat-in" area and seems to cater mostly to take out and delivery but that certainly doesn't diminish the fact that this place makes great Mexican food.
I was very impressed... and we've eaten in countless places across the country claiming to serve Mexican food.
I had a chimichanga with rice and beans; my wife selected carnitas, flour tortillas and rice and beans.
We weren't disappointed.
We were also delighted to meet the owner, Roger, who was welcoming, personable and obviously well versed in the preparation of Mexican food.
The shredded beef in my chimichanga was wonderfully flavored, light and very good.
The beans were excellent and the salsa was very good.
My wife's carnitas were beautifully cooked being slightly crispy but still very moist and flavorful.
I'm looking forward to a long relationship with Roberto's; I plan to return frequently and try everything on the menu.
I would love to see Roger's business thrive and develop into a larger operation as a "sit-down" restaurant as did the original Garcia's (one of my all time favorite places).
I will certainly do my part by continuing to patronize Roger's fine establishment.
I am very picky when it comes to Mexican Food and his place is one of the best and most affordable that I have ever patronized.

There is not one thing I dont like Roberto's, the owners are great, the service is great, the location is like 45 seconds from my house, they deliver, and the food is awesome!
My one and only complaint is that they could put more cheese and gauc on the chips cheese and gauc!
Other then that, it is sooo good!
My husband always gets the Al pastor burrito, it is great, a little spicy for me cause Im a wimp but really good flavors.
There is also an Al pastor plate, with bean and rice if the tortilla is too much for you because they are HUGE.
The kids meal are simple and my boys love the bean and cheese burritos or the quesadillas, not much to say there!
The taquitos are yum and the Mexican Pizza could literally feed a fam of 4 by itself.
Its made on one of huge tortillas and is no joke.
I havent tried anything I didnt like, seating can be touch and go, but they do a great job with call ahead, take out, and delivery so we always go that route, unless I want a margarita!
Its pretty cheap, like $4 for the chips and cheese and maybe $5 or $6 for the huge burrito.
If you try any of the burritos, you wont be disappointed!

Service was good....Fish was way over battered and WAY over cooked.
Had to send fish back and waitress agreed it was hard as a rock and hardly any fish inside the batter.
Salsa's were very good, and burrito's were not anything special definitely not living up to the DDD.
Do not really recommend to drive too far out of your way.
I have eaten lots of authentic Mexican food and they do not have the best that I have ever seen.
We both actually got sick after eating here and never will go back we are both very forgiving and will not go back.
We love dives and this is not one to try, not worth your time.
They are cutting costs probably, they need to work on there standards now and forget about all the DDD hype.
Don't waste your time or go out of your way.

The fact that these guys were on Food Network when in their old location on Union Hills definitely helps drive their business.
That plus they are really the only "take out" Mexican joint in Anthem.
They really are authentic, and everything on the menu is fantastic.
My fav is always the Al Pastor pork.
It comes in a platter or burrito, if you ask them they will make it with rice and beans inside the burrito for you.
Also good is the carne asada and any of their tacos.
The only thing I will say is to try and avoid their dinner rush, cos it can take a while (30 minutes) to wait for your food.
Although they have hired more staff and the wait has improved.

Good food and good service

We ate here for the first time last night, thanks to the Yelp search!
Happy to find it on our way back from the outlets in Anthem.
We weren't at all sure what to expect, but it is as everyone says.
We were greeted by the friendly staff and redeemed our free chips and salsa for checking in on Yelp.
Everything was Flavorful and simple.
The chicken tacos were fantastic!
Just meat, lettuce, cheese, and a few tomatoes -- nothing fancy, and yet completely satisfying.
We sat in the outdoor area and enjoyed the cool evening.
We will definitely be back!

Great food---outside dining was fun--prices were very decent.
I love AZ.
people---sat on the patio and everyone talked to everyone else.
Staff was wonderful.
Always packed--not sure if there is anytime that it's not.

Food is definitely authentic & very good.
Salsa was too watery for my liking & not very zingy.
Burritos were HUGE!!

Yummy food!
I like that they have different beers and drinks that you can't always find in other restaurants.

An anthem favorite.
Never been disappointed.

Very authentic.
The best we have found when visiting Phoenix.
The green chile sauce is similar to what "Grandma used to make" and i just can't get that anywhere.
Its just good old fashioned home made Mexican food made to order.
Can't wait for our next visit.

LOVE this place - they are always busy, so if you're in a hurry call ahead and it should be ready by the time you get there.
Their Al Pastor burrito and Texas Burrito are insane!
Also heard props about the California burrito.
Never had a bad meal yet - we go all the time!

My wife and I have made two trips to Roberto's from Dana Point, CA (400 miles) and we haven't been disappointed.
Although its not the only reason for our visit, a stop at Roberto's is a must when we're in the Phoenix area.
I have tried, and thoroughly enjoyed the al pastor tacos, beef chimichanga burrito, and I really like the way they crisp up the carnitas.
My wife judges a Mexican restaurant by the quality of its chile relleno and says this is the chile relleno she has been waiting for: two to a plate, great presentation and delicious.
The light breading allows the flavors of the chili and cheese to dominate the palate as they should.
She also recommends the tortas she had at breakfast.
The bread, light and toasted perfectly, hugs a generous helping of carne asada (with fajita style onions and peppers), and if you like, guacamole.
Pair that with a cup of their terrific coffee, or if you have never had Jamaica, a delicious Mexican beverage brewed fresh from flowers, try it.
Either way you have a breakfast you won't forget.
Oh, and by the way, the members of the local fire department showed up to order breakfast while we were there.
If they are eating there, you know it's good.
Just had to thank them for their service.
This is truly a restaurant where family meets family, Roberto's and yours.
And for you insiders, we both love Roberto's homemade tamales.
Although they're not on the menu, we have been fortunate enough to take some of their tamales home during both of our visits.
I believe tamales are normally made for the sale in the store on Thursdays (check with them to be sure), but they don't last.
On our first trip in 2008 to their old location, we stopped in for lunch (excellent) and were told that they were bringing in homemade tamales that afternoon.
We returned that night for dinner and to pick up some tamales that they kept for us.
During our most recent trip we stopped in for breakfast on a Saturday.
But, fortunately for us, they were making tamales for a catering job the same day and sold us some of their extras.
We again returned in the evening for dinner and to pick up some tamales.
These tamales are just like I wish my (Chinese) grandmother used to make.
Check with them to see when they're available.
They're really worth the extra effort.
Although Roberto's delivers, I regret that they won't come to Dana Point.

I wasn't even hungry but ate a burrito, chips and salsa and a combo platter.
That's how good the food was!
My cousin, who lives in Anthem, mentioned that Roberto's had been on Food Network.
There was no line, luckily, and I was ready to wait for the food.
I ate the carnitas platter and the carne asada burrito.
Wow they're tasty.
And I loved seeing all the beers on ice at the counter.

Hit up Roberto's for lunch on our way out of town.
We now have a favorite new place to stop on roadtrips - this place was great!
The owner was working the counter so when we told him we had never been there he took the time to explain the different items and what was popular.
We decided to try out a variety so we got tacos - carnitas, beef and carne asada and one beef tamale.
The carnitas taco was SO good.
It comes on a soft shell taco with pico de gallo and guacamole.
The meat was flavorful, juicy and crispy in parts.
I would say it was the best carnitas I've found in the valley.
The beef taco was also good but after the carnitas it did kinda pale in comparison.
The tamale was also good - not too spicy but still flavorful.
Next time we head up north we will definitely be making a taco stop at Roberto's!

Roberto's was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives.
After seeing Roberto's on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives, I was excited about the idea of finding some really good food at a gas station restaurant.
Not because I like to eat at gas stations, because it seems like a really unique situation.
With that being said, I was a little disappointed when I arrived at Roberto's to find it as a standard strip mall restaurant, and no longer being located in a gas station.
I decided to order a Beef Chimichanga combination plate.
It was a pretty good chimichanga, but not the best I've had.
The beef was tender and tasty, and the rice and beans on the side had a nice fresh taste to them.
The service was fast enough and friendly and the prices were lower than expected.
The biggest complaint is that it's located in Anthem which is close to an hour from where I live.
I'd probably go again if it was located closer to the city.
Above average food along with great prices give Roberto's an above average rating of four stars.

Guy was right....don't miss this place.
Even my picky eater kids loved it!
Oh, it's no longer in a gas station, but in a strip mall.

Best Mexican I've found in Desert Foothills (Cave Creek + Carefree)/Anthem area.

I really don't get the appeal of this place.
Is it because it was on DDD?
There is just not a whole lot of flavor.
Beans bland.
Rice bland.
Salsa is watery.
Al pastor was dry and boring.
My wife and I have been here 4 times or so, usually because its convenient to go to right before grocery shopping in the same strip mall.
Service is good, and I can appreciate a family-owned and ran business, but there is so much more Mexican food out there that is way more flavorful.

I'm glad to be back at Roberto's enjoying my free chips and salsa.

How do I do this????
REALLY mixed reviews.
The wife would never go back again.
I thought my lunch was very good.
So I'll go back on my own next time.

I haven't been since they were in the old location.
Have to be honest and say that I was a little disappointed.
Seems like the prices went up and the quality down.
Had my favorite, 3 al pastor tacos, and paid over $10 for those plus a drink.
Meat was dry, not as good as I remember.
Place looks better than the gas station, but not worth it for me any more.
Guess that's progress for you.

great food.
Real simple.

We love this place - the food is always good!
You will have to wait for a while since contrary to the appearance when you walk in - it is NOT a fast food place and that is a GREAT thing!
The food is worth the wait since it is all cooked to order!
I love to pick it up and take it home too!
and we have purchased their salsa for home later too!
Take the time to stop and try this wonderful place - hidden away in the Fry's Shopping plaza - we will be back for sure!

Best Mexican food in all of north Phoenix!!
The carnitas tacos are amazing!!
The owner Roger is a great guy as well!

Great Food

My mother and I were actually getting out of the car to go to Streets of New York next door when she smelled the Mexican food and suggested we try Roberto's instead.
That should tell you what you need to know right there.
It's a hole in the wall place for sure, and leaves much to be desired visually, but the staff was exceptionally pleasant and the tables were clean.
If you're looking for fine dining, this isn't your place.
At $7-$10 for an entree, though, it was delicious.
Beans, rice, and chips were pretty standard, but the salsa, fish taco, and shredded beef tostada were very flavorful.
The food tastes homemade, and in this case, that's a good thing.
This place was also featured on TLC's Diners and Drive-ins show back in the day.
One of Anthem's best kept secrets.
I'll be back!

Great people and even better food!

When you check in, you get free salsa and chips.
I mentioned to the owner that the spicier the better so he said he had a salsa for me.
Spicy with lots of flavors.
Count me in!
When it came, it didn't disappoint in the spicy factor.
It did its job.
Yummy.
As for the chips though, those were nothing special.
I got two soft tacos - chicken and carnitas.
Both pretty decent.
For a quick meal and personable service, I'd say this is pretty good.
3 1/2 stars worthy.

Great Mexican food and they had Michelob ultra pomegranate raspberry...
Bonus points!!

Sooooooo great.
Love the beef quesadillas!

Delicious, authentic Mexican food.
They use high quality ingredients and the food is great.
We love the tamarind drink, Texas burrito, green burrito, taco salad, and tacos al pastor.
Great prices too!

Such amazing Mexican food.
Great salsa!
We were staying in Scottsdale and it was worth the 27+ mile drive to come here.

I thought I'd write an update as it's been almost a year since my last.
My husband and I eat here at least once a week, usually twice.
Pretty much every time we go, I order Enchiladas and ask for a filling of chicken and potatoes.
It's not on the menu but they have no problem making them.
The reason I started ordering them this way is that I discovered their potatoes are absolutely delicious and I don't know what the heck they do to that chicken but it is so flavorful.
Unfortunately, now I have to share my order with my husband because he loves them too but it works out because we always share whatever he orders, which is often the Chorizo con Eggs and he always adds the delicious potatoes to that.
Last weekend, we decided to try a couple different things (along with the usual enchiladas) and one was the Carne Asada Tortas De Mexico and the Fish Tacos.
We're not there to save calories, obviously, and the fish was battered and it was delicious and the tartar sauce they used was very flavorful.
We didn't quite make it through the Torta but we sure tried because it was tasty.
The bun was soft and chewy and the filling was very good.
We'll be back soon.
No doubt about it.
The people that work there are so friendly and really make you feel good about eating at their establishment.
The young gal that usually works the register always has a smile and has the cutest disposition.
Just an all around great experience every single time.

Great good!
We ended up getting three entrees each and loved them all.
I wish I'd had room for the tamales.
The 14 inch tortilla on the side is a nice touch.
It was odd to be in a shopping center across from Subway, but a solid choice if you want great food and don't care about the atmosphere.
The only down side was dirty tables on the patio (though they cleaned the others shortly after we sat down).
It is well work a repeat visit.

Great fast Mexican food!
Our favs are the chile rellanos with green sauce!
Also great are the carne Asada tacos and the Mexican pizza!
Ask for their green salsa - very tasty!
Can't miss the breakfast burritos ( yummy chorizo!!
) and also the off the menu huevos rancheros!
Owner is super nice!

I'm most recently from south Texas and I've had trouble finding Mexican food as good as what i used to get.
Roberto's is the closest thing I've found in our community and I'm glad we have it.
I you're a fan of nachos, you have to order theirs.
Their portions are huge and their food reasonably priced.
They have a cute outdoor seating area and I often see people chilling out there, sipping on what appear to be yummy margaritas.
Their service is great.
The man whom I believe to be the owner is so nice!
He is so appreciative of each and every customer and seems like a really humble and thankful dude.
And don't you love supporting restaurants with people like this?

Food is expensive for serving size.

Not impressed.
Small portions and I would say less than "authentic" tasting.
This is more like a fast-food Mexican place, and the people that work there act like they are working in a fast-food place.
Not friendly at all.
Counter ordering and get your own drinks.
I would not recommend -- there are so many better places.

This is by far my favorite restaurant in Anthem!
I definitely recommend if you're in the mood for some great Mexican food, since everything I've had the chance to try has been delicious!
The staff was very friendly and approachable, especially when I asked for substitutions due to dietary restrictions.
Overall, a great restaurant with great food!

SUPER nice staff.
All of them!
Fabulous Al Pastor.
We will come here again and again and again.
Love it.

One of my favorite items I love is their green chili sauce shredded beef & cheese add beans/rice burritos.
And if you get it "wet" style, it's even better!
Everything is always fresh and a good portion!

We love Roberto's!
The food is always excellent and the families that own it are wonderful.
Maria makes the best food and everything is made to order.
The ingredients are always fresh and the flavors are authentic.
We always keep a bottle of their homemade salsa in the fridge.
Diner's, Drive-ins and Dives was right when they featured Roberto's on their show and the food never disappoints.
Don't count them out for breakfast either, their breakfast burritos are the best!

Love the salsa, prob some of the best carne Asada I have ever had.

Have been here twice and its was just ok.

We were in town visiting the outlet stores and decided to stop after seeing the yelp reviews.
We ordered for six and were surprised when everyone noticed something a little off on the food.
All the refried beans had a very strong sour taste like vinegar.
We told the girl working there and she confirmed that the beans had soured.
At first she told us it was lime juice in the beans.
She went and talked to the owner and they threw the beans out.
By this time everyone was worried about getting sick.
The girl tried refunding only the equivalent of what the beans would cost.
I reminded her that there were also beans inside the burritos and in the nachos.
The owner actually refunded our money and we left.
His explanation..
I've been doing this since 1991 and sometimes things happen.
It might be that the beans were bad when we got them.
Maybe a "sorry about that" would have been better.
Too bad, because the part we did eat before the spoiled beans was pretty good.

Our whole family loves Robertos!
We have been frequenting their restaurant for over 13 years when they started at their first location.
They have consistently provided a clean establishment & conveniently deliver when we feel like staying home.
It's authentic, delicious, always fresh, high quality & hand made daily.
We have never been disappointed & we were thrilled when they got a glowing feature on Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives.
I firmly disagree with any of these negative reviews on here.
WE LOVE U ROBERTOS!

The tortilla was good but everything else was forgettable.
I am from San Diego and this food is nowhere near the standards that I am use to.
It's too bad some people don't get to try real mexican food.

Went to this restaurant today.
I found a fly in my chicken chimi burrito.
After that no one wanted to finish there food.
I spent 40.00 on this nasty place.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Maybe they should do restaurant impossible to get there place cleaned up so that doesn't happen to anyone else.

Love their California Burrito, carnitas tacos, green burrito is money, and their horchata is amazingly good!

The food at Robertos is your typical Mexican fare served up quickly in a Styrofoam boxes for a fair price and without frills.
It's also delicious.
The salsa is really good and the chile relleno is excellent.
The service won't knock you over, but come on, it's kind of a fast food setting and it's in a mini-mall.
We will return!

Great food, great service, love the delivery.

After the typical "where do you want to go eat" and the "I dunno...where do YOU wanna go eat?
" my hubby and I frequently engage in, we decided to go try out Roberto's Authentic Mexican food restaurant.
It's in a strip mall, so not fancy, but that's okay.
It was crowded on a week night--a good sign.
People eating in and picking up take out--a good sign.
We opted to eat out on the patio, which was a nice option.
The food was not bad.
Hubby is from Texas, so he loves good carnitas but wasn't particularly impressed.
His comment was "not much flavor.
"  I had a chimichanga which was also not bad.
It would have been better with more than a smear of guacamole and sour cream though.
We also were not told you had to buy salsa and chips so we sat outside waiting for someone to bring us some chips and salsa.
I finally asked a waitress passing by if chips and salsa were extra and she said yes.
Would have been nice to know.
Anyway, not bad...not great.
Just my opinion!

Great habanero salsa, (you have to ask for the spicy stuff), and they sell it to go by the jar!
Very good Mexican food made to order.
Chili rellenos are excellent, and beans and rice are better than most places.
Lots of meat on the soft tacos, pork is amazing.
Gringo setting, but good solid food.

Breakfast burrito was great.
I had the chorizo and my daughter had sausage.
Get the salsa it is awesome.

Food is good and ther service is pretty quick.
That being said there is not a self serve salsa bar... that was a little disappointing.
They are going to have to get used to me asking for 4-5 salsas.

Love this place!!
Friendly service,  great food.
Family.
I love it!!
Large portions for little $.

Robertos offers authentic Mexican cuisine.
In addition to the delicious food, the owners, Roger and Maria, are wonderful people.
My family orders from Robertos often, and they have a wonderful patio area.
They also catered for my daughter's first birthday party and provided delicious food that everyone loved for reasonable pricing.
PS: My daughter loves their bean and cheese burrito kids meal!

I love this place!
Everyone is so friendly here.
I bring all of my out-of-town friends here.
The food is amazing and the service is friendly and quick.

Not a lot of choices in Anthem but this place is definitely a go to for us.
Never had anything we don't like.
They have some outdoor seating which is nice when it isn't 120 out.
I love the enchiladas and my hubby likes the burritos and fish tacos.
The only bad thing is they are closed Sundays and other random times for family events.
Which is fine but disappointing when u had a craving then had to go eat at some other not as good places in Anthem.
Oh and the bean and cheese burritos are a hit w my dd!

Saw this place on Triple D and decided to try it because I had just moved to the area.
I had chicken enchiladas and it wasn't great.
They were very bland and just not as good as other enchiladas I've had over the years.
The rice and re-fried beans were average.
The prices were average but considering how bland the food was, still overpriced.

Decided to eat there because of triple D from food network.
I would recommend eating it there instead of to-go.
When my family and I ate there the food was great!
Then we decided to-go and it tasted like microwaved food.

This place is always always a must for me and my sisters when we're in Arizona.
The staff is always so friendly and courteous and the food is delicious!
My personal favorite is the carnitas torta.
The bread is nicely toasted and it has plenty of meat.
It may be a bit messy to eat but it's worth the mess!
My sister ordered the Taquitos plate, which was just ok. My other sister got the chicken enchilada plate and it was pretty good.
The enchiladas are stuffed with shredded chicken and it just had a home cooked meal feeling to it.
The horchata is also delicious!
I would highly recommend Roberto's.
The atmosphere is great, the staff is super nice, the prices are decent and the food is GREAT!!

We visited due to its proximity.
Wow!
Great, convenient, local Mexican food.
You know it's good if the local fire station is at the table next to you enjoying their food.

There food is average at best.The highlight is the Al Pastor which leaves much to desire.

The first time we came here I just had a bean tostada and a taco, and regretted my choice.
It was pretty standard Mexican fare, and maybe even a little below average as their shredded cheddar cheese has a really odd texture, like maybe it has been frozen and thawed a couple of times or something.
On the advice of a friend, we tried it again and this time got the Burrito el Pastore, the supreme nachos, and a Mexican pizza.
The el Pastore and Nachos were underwhelming, but the Mexican Pizza was really good.
I'd go back for that, but won't waste time with everything else next time.

My first time in this part of the country!
Thanks Yelpers!
Excellent food, outstanding service, family owned and operated!
Found out Guy Fieri was here, too!
Yes it's in a shopping plaza, but what a great find!
Owners welcomed us warmly and took pics with us!
Great salsa!
Go here!

So we came in as a buddy said you have to try this place the El pastor rocks!
I said ok Ill try it.
Wow not good!
First off I have to give them a 4 for service.
Would have got a 5 but I had to ask for my chips after waiting 5 min.
I mean really I have to wait then remind you to give them to me.
First Fail!
Got our food and I was not impressed at all when it came to the meat.
NO I mean NO flavor in the El Pastor.
I mean really Guy Fieri Has been here.
This was horrible.
How can any one say its good.
My partner ordered chicken.
it was OK until she got a large BONE!
I mean really a bone!!!!
The manager could only say "Oh we try and check for that but oh so sorry" This was all you could say?
I mean pay for our meal make it better dont change the subject and talk about the kids.
FAIL!
You own this place and want people to return?
Not like this you wont.
You fail here and BAD!
I will never come back here or recommend any one eating here!

Went for a quick lunch.
Had the 2 beef taco combo with chips and salsa.
Salsa was very good, made fresh daily.
Tacos, beans and rice were bland.
Nice clean place with friendly staff.

Robertos is the best mexican food around.
Roger, Maria and the rest of the crew are awesome.
I never leave disappointed or hungry, Robertos is a must if you are in the area.
Whenever my brother comes into town from Alaska we have to stop by and get a Pastor burro before going to the house.
Roger even got his address and mailed him a T-shirt.

