Golden Panda has a special place in my heart; the part I clog with orange chicken.
I'm sure its not the most authentic Chinese meal, although i don't know, but i consider it the best Chinese take out in the area, solely based on this one item.
Although I get the same thing every time i have on occasion tried other items that people with me have ordered.
All the chicken entries are good, the same lightly fried chicken just different sauces (general tso is my 2nd favorite).
The beef dishes are terrible.
The seafood is just ok.
The won ton soup is really good as well and is usually the second thing i will order if orange chicken isn't enough.
I cant remember if the pork is any good but the won ton soup has pork in it so i would give it a shot if you like pork far more than chicken.
The owners and servers are a bit jaded by the high school students that frequent the place during lunch but will warm up quickly if you go in there a few times.
Food comes fast by the way so make sure that when you get take out that you let them know if you will take more than 5 minutes otherwise it will be done and waiting for you after 5 minutes.
The store has few tables where you can eat but for the most part is a takeout/delivery based establishment.
However if you do eat there they have Barq's red cream soda on their fountain.

Why oh why is it so hard to find good Chinese food in this town?
The two behind the counter at this place are Chinese - please don't tell me you eat the garbage that you serve to the masses in Phoenix as Chinese food.
I should have read the previous review because I had a simple beef with vegetables (how could that be screwed up?
)  Hardly any beef, the veggies were all previously frozen.
The pork fried rice smelled like rotten fish.
The pork is cut into tiny pieces and are extremely fatty - I'm not even sure it's pork.
I did see a dead cat not far from the front door, maybe he will be on tonight's special menu?
Wahsun is not too far down 19th Ave - GO THERE INSTEAD, this place SUCKS!

3.5 stars  Fast friendly service and the food was good.
I ordered Hung Pao rice bowl, while it was not huge and loaded with things it was plenty for a lunch size.
The food tasted good.
We ordered it Sunday evening for dinner.
Orange chicken, General Tso chicken and chicken fried rice.
ALL with white meat.
While I really like the fact you can get all white meat, it was a little dry.
Perhaps the way it was sliced and not in small cubes?
All the food was good but not the best I have had.
I would order again.

I ordered the "Assorted Vegetable" combo which came with brown rice, an egg roll, and two crab puffs.
It was ~ $6.00.
It was very good, and freshly prepared.
The vegetables were crisp and well flavored.
I have ordered this on two separate occasions, and found the quality to be consistent both times.
I would recommend this restaurant if you are looking for decent Chinese take-out and are close to 19th ave and T-bird.

The best orange chicken I've had since moving to Phoenix.
I haven't experimented much with the rest of the menu but that's only because the orange chicken is so good.
*edit*  Sadly, it has closed down.

I really miss living closer to this place.
This is a real whole in the wall gem.
I love their shrimp in lobster sauce.
Nice crunchy snow peas!
Portions are large and service is awesome.
I sometimes would stop in after the dog park.
The area is not the best.. its not a dump but it is not were I would leave my car running unattended.
With my dog in the car in the 100 degree heat I wasn't about to shut off the AC.
I would run in and order real quick then run back out to my car to stand outside until my order was ready.
They often would bring my food out to me.
I did not ask them to do this nor did I expect it.
They did that extra effort on their own and it was well appreciated.
They are also very kind there and the place is kept clean.
The rice is fluffy and you can substitute with noodles without a huge hassle like some other places.
Portions are large and prices are low which is a huge plus.
I moved about 30 minutes away from here but I still crave it and often make a special trip for some food.
I do wish their crab puffs were more stuffed though.
The crab puffs are kinda skinny and I prefer a nice big fat puff.
Other then that this place is a super yummy.

