Oh Amelio's, I remember you from years ago when we used to order pizza's from you almost every Tuesday night, to take advantage of your buy 1 get 1 free pizza special.
I haven't had an Amelio's pie in years, so I decided to try them out again by ordering up a large extra cheese & some breadsticks.
The large cheese pizza tasted ok, but parts of the pizza had absolutely no crust on the end of the slices, it was like eating flatbread pizza with the crust chopped off.
C'mon guys, no crust, rly?
The extra cheese also seemed to be concentrated on just 2 of the 8 slices of the pie, which was disappointing.
The breadsticks were tasty, but the sauces were way too small to accomodate all the breadsticks.
Amelio's, please make your pizzas better and quit skimping on the sauce sides.

$5 large pizza.
Good $6 for 3 tacos fries and a drink.
Good $5 for wings.
Good I am glad I will try places again.

We have been ordering now about once a month adn enjoy it each time.
The $5 special for pizza and $5 special for wings really hit the spot and not the bank account.
I can only complain about the ranch... we dislike buttermilk ranch esp on pizza.
LOL

I got a menu on my doorknob and decided to order delivery because they just about had everything on the menu; from pizza, to mexican, to hot dogs.
I found their delivery charges to be a lot-$2 and then I also saw on the menu that they add $1 if you dine in.
Who does that???
It seems tacky to nickle and dime your customers that way.
Our food was ok-my hot dog was great, though my husband said his meatball parm was just ok. Our french fries were dry and over fried.
No idea what the actual place looks like but with our meh delivery experience, it doesn't really make a difference to me.
I'll pass on this one.

Great variety, mediocre food.
I ordered the pizza and wings first.
The pizza wasn't bad, but in comparison, Little Cesars is much better (and even they are okay at best).
The wings were small and overcooked and to top it off, the wing sauce was very plain.
My first experience wasn't horrible though, so i thought id give it another shot.
I ordered the Carne Asada tacos today, and man, it was horrid.
The meat was overcooked, dry and bland.
The only way i could stomach the food was drenching it in sour cream and guacamole (which costs extra).
The tacos came with a side of fries covered in nacho cheese sauce and bacon.
Which wasn't bad, even though the fries had been sitting for a while.
To sum it up, if you want pizza, go elsewhere.
If you want Mexican food, go elsewhere.
I don't think ill even give them the 3strikes you're out rule.

Tuesday - $10 pizza.
5-toppings, all of which were good.
Fresh 'shrooms (not canned), jalapenos that were actually hot (yeah), tons of black olives, sausage and salami.
The sauce was a bit sweet - but not cloying.
Went in and picked it up - quick and easy.
No problems.

I just moved to the northside, and was looking for pizza/wing place.
I drove by here a few times so i tried it out.
It tastes pretty close to little ceasars.
It even smells like little ceasars.
Difference is, I know what I am walking into when i get a LC pizza, I only do it for the price $5 and having it "now".
However for $25 for a pizza and wings, I expect something better than Little Ceasars.
The pizza was chewey and cardboardish, and tasted just like LC.
The wings had a "different" flavor...wasn't great, wasn't horrible, but the sauce looked like old cooking grease.
I walked in 20 minutes after my phone order (they said 20).
Pizza wasn't ready so I took a seat.
Some guy put a pizza out, but the register goon took 3 more orders before looking at it, and nobody else working bothered to ask the room who is waiting.
So in all, i waited ten minutes after showing up, 7 of which my pizza was sitting right there.
It was cold when I got home.
The kids dug in, but I had a turkey sandwich.
Freaking nasty, overpriced, and incompetent staff.
I will never go back.

Wow.....I have not ever had any of the experiences of the bad reviews.
I frequent here enough where they know me by name.
They've always been nice, professional asked me about my work, hows life etc.
My foods always been on time, hot and tasted good.
I don't think my order ever has been wrong but I order pretty basic.
Bean & Cheese burritos, 5 dollar cheese pizza, Deep fried mushrooms & zucchini.
Anyway, I dig this place.
Its great cheap pizza, no frills and the burritos are monster sized.

RANDOMLY stopped here for some quick food Togo... Pizza was great!
The staff that night was friendly and helped us and accommodated to all of our small requests last night.
Thank you!
Loved your pizza!

Not my favorite.
The pizza was OK but the carne asada fry's broke my heart.
Probably will not get again..

I have lived in Phoenix for the past year and I order from Amelios regularly.
Everything was really good (except for the lasagna, not so great) I love the pizza puffs and get them every time.
Everyone is friendly, the delivery is fast, food is always hot and prices are VERY reasonable.

We have eaten almost everything on the menu and it is always awesome  their pizzas and subs are the best, it's out one stop shop for food.
Always fast and always nice try the amelios sub!

