I have been going here for about 2 years now.
The staff is friendly & Dr. Yohannes is a really great guy.
The office is very clean & nicely decorated, with flat screens in every room.
I believe they are even open on weekends & will open their doors after hours if you have an emergency.
I really like it here & will continue to go here as long as I can.
It also helps that they are a block away from my house, so I leave literally a minute before my appointment time.

My wife and i went to this place for a routine cleaning about three years ago.
The staff was alright, but the experience was strange.
When the dentist came in he didn't introduce himself, he just started prodding around in my mouth.
He kept his mask on the entire time.
I never even saw his face.
He said i needed some deep type of cleaning before they could do a regular cleaning (?
) and he left.
I went to the front desk to schedule the deep cleaning and they tried to get me to buy some $100 toothbrush.
They wouldn't take "no" for an answer.
I went back for the deep cleaning and the dentist behaved exactly the same way.
I haven't been back since.

I went tho this dentist with an emergency tooth.
I was in excruciating pain.
The dentist came in like the other reviewer stated with the mask already on which was weird.
The place is not real clean and the equipment was outdated for a dentist.
I.E no digital imaging equipment.
They said they could save the tooth but I needed to run a cycle of antibiotics before they could do anything to the tooth.
I ran a week of the antibiotics but was not getting better and they wanted me to go see another periodontist  to evaluate the tooth but like most I work and did not have the time this week to go before I could no longer stand the pain.
The pain was not subsiding and I called this dentist back to see if they could help me, they had me come in first thing the next morning where I got chastised for not seeing the periodontist.
The dentist says to me "so what do you want me to do?
" I said I want you to do something to fix the tooth so I would no longer be in pain, he says I can't give you more pain pills.
I exclaim I DON"T WANT MORE PILLS I WANT MY TOOTH FIXED!!!!
He proceeds to tell me that since I did not go see the periodontist that he may not be able to save the tooth as was told to me in the beginning and he had this holier than though attitude.
He said so you just want me to pull it?
At that point i was so angry that, rather than try to show compassion and help me by making suggestions like a GOOD dental practitioner would, I just got right up out of his chair and walked out!
As of this writing I am still dealing with the pain and again searching for dentist who will help me but one this is for sure, I will never set foot in this office again

We have been coming here for 4 years now.
Dr. Yohannes is great with kids and all the staff there are really nice.
I would definitely recommend this dentist office.
They are open on Saturdays.

I love this place.
My daughters and I have been coming here for 9 years.
He is trustworthy and reasonable and great w kids.
Another dental place told me I had 7 cavities that needed filling.
When I came to him because I suspected that was wrong he confirmed I had none!!!
My daughters were going to a pediatric dentist and a similar thing happened.
At their next cleaning I brought them to him and he said they clean their teeth well and nothing was wrong.

