Take that you poop stain.
You cant swear here!

Fun Fun Fun!
If you're looking for some fun for your kids or you just need to get out some stress yourself, come here.
Enjoy the adrenaline release you can get by shooting at other people in a dark maze with your laser gun while trying not to get shot yourself.
This place is great.

Good, clean fun for kids of all ages!
I've yet to meet a person who has not enjoyed themselves playing a good ol' game of laser tag.
Of course, there are those who are hesitant because they are afraid to act silly OR they're too cool for school, but as soon as they walk into the game area everyone is 5 years old again.
Happy, excited & carefree!
The employees are very good at working with the kids.
They lay down the rules, help get everyone ready to have fun & still conduct themselves in a very professional manner.
You pay about $8 per game & each game is about 20 minutes.
They normally have specials & they offer a membership for cheaper rates.
The location also has video games to keep people busy between games :)   No real food is sold here, but there is a McDonald's in the same parking lot that you can visit before or after playing.

Great place for a party!

Just took my two sons and their friends today...too much fun!
Great multilevel maze with lots of hiding spots to camp and snipe...just like a live action Halo game!

Laser tag is fun, but the employees here are hit or miss.
Some of them are mean, others disinterested.
I still manage to have a good time, but you HAVE to interact with the employees.

We took our son, his friends and some of their parents to Laser Quest for son's 11th birthday.
If I could give the actual laser tag game a score of 5, I would.
I'd give employees a 1.
Kids and adults all had fun playing.
First of all LQ, turn down the music.
Even the kids were complaining it was loud.
When being given instructions by our party helper, I could barely understand what she was saying ...
I couldn't hear her.
We nearly missed our first game.
Employees look miserable there ... with the exception of guy who took us back to play.
He was fun, happy and made sure everyone knew what to do.
Our party helper seemed confused herself most of the time.
She kept saying she was there to help us, but she wasn't really.
She was also cleaning, passing out color tags, etc.
There were people behind the desk who weren't doing much of anything even though it was really busy.
We had a party room for 45 minutes.
We were given the room late, yet when it was time to get out, we were rudely told to do so.
We had party room from 3 to 3:45 and the next party slated for that room was at 5.
Not sure what 5 more minutes would have hurt since we were given room 5 minutes late.
I guess I would suggest skipping parties here unless you can arrange for more party room time.
No one ever gave me that option.
45 minutes was not enough.
Personally, I think if you're going to play here for a birthday this summer, do only that.
Three games for $18 all summer.
Make reservations ahead of time even if you are only going to play.
Then take everyone home for food and a swim.
Or, take to a pizza place afterward.
When you go, be ready for music that is way louder than it needs to be and employees who seem to be confused or mad.
Laser tag is super fun and our group already has plans to back to play.

It was a rainy weekend so instead of going out me and and a couple of friends decided to come to Laser Quest and be kids again.
We had a great time!
The staff was very nice and accommodating.
The games are reasonably priced at $8 per game or they had the all night special for $20 and unlimited games.
The games last about 20 minutes.
It's just enough time to work up a light sweat and get out before you get too tired.
Especially if there is a group if kids who are laser tag experts and gang up on anyone over the age of 12.
It probably won't be for a while but I will definitely come back again.

I made a really big mistake thinking laser tag is something just for kids.
For $10, you get 20 minutes of light exercise--and time to mimic funny laser sound effects while you snipe away at unsuspecting competitors.
Ours was a 24-player free-for-all with no little runs to worry about, I walked briskly (running is not allowed, and for good reason!
) with my gaudy gear and blasted away.
At the end of each match, score cards are given out to show who you've hit the hardest...and who deserves revenge!
I want to bring my team here as often as possible, since it's a good, clean way for everyone to have a good time.
Protips  -Don't stand in one spot -Repeatedly shoot people who don't move -The second floor is for pros -Don't wear anything that will glow in black light  Have a blast!
After you're done, cool down with some air hockey or Dance Dance Revolution.

I scheduled my work Christmas party for here and it was awesome!
The staff was great and easy to work with.
Since we had such a large party we had the place to ourselves and one of the rooms to eat afterwards.
It was amazing time by all (30+ adults that played).
The Laser Quest staff was super nice and helpful the night of the event too and even included a team building game in between games.
Staff is already talking about next year!
Thanks Laser Quest for a great time!

