Cheap and great.
I got two of my kitties neutered here through a program called "Cat Nip and Tuck"... it was incredibly cheap to fix them.
I also got one of those kitties his shots here too and it was cheap!!!!
I was so excited that all I believe I had to pay overall for the shots were $48 for all of it, even with the follow up booster shots.
They do declaws there too.
I like to go with the laser procedure, not the standard which I believe that's what they do there, so I go to my vet on 35th and Bell for the Laser which is more humane for declaws.

I took all 3 of my adult dogs here to get shots.
They've all been to vets and groomers many times before.
There was quite a wait.
My dogs are well behaved and we sat in a corner chair and they were very patient.
They called us back.
The vet was very nice.
She did advise 1 of my dogs had an ear infection.
She provided the medicine free of charge.
They clipped all the dogs nails at no charge.
When I got to the reception to pay, it was a little more than I thought.
She went thru the charges and they had charged me for the medicine and toe nails.
I simply told her they had told me no charge.
She deducted it and I paid and was on my way.
They even did a follow-up visit at no charge.
I would recommend this place for simple things.
They are a "CLINIC".
They are not a Vet office and don't have your dog's history.
I even saw a woman come in and ask for help feeding her dog, and they gave her a bag of dog food at no charge.
I referred a friend here for shots on her dogs.
She got a different vet and wasn't as happy.
I'm sure it's volunteers or rotating vets.
But again, it's a low cost clinic.

I took my puppy here two weeks ago today to get her spayed.
Yes, we had to wait a little while but that is to be expected at a low cost clinic.
I called in advance to set up the appointment so I was not worried about not being seen.
Eventually the time came to take my puppy back.
Everyone who worked there was incredibly sweet with my puppy so I felt comfortable dropping her off for the day.
They gave me a call and said she was doing just fine and she would be ready.
After I was done at work at 5:00 I went back to go pick her up.
They gave me three days worth of pain killer and we were off!
She was a little out of it the first day, but after that she was back to her normal crazy self.
Emma has a lot of energy, and as much as we tried to limit her activity she was still her normal bouncy self.
She has healed wonderfully.
I am so happy that we took her to this clinic to get the procedure done!
For the other review with the "semi-aggressive" dog- my other dog has very bad anxiety and he has dog aggression problems because of that.
As much as I am trying to budget because my boyfriend is a full time student and I work full time I would never be able to bring him to a low cost clinic.
I have to bring Buddy to a regular vet because it isn't fair to the other owners or workers at low cost clinics to bring him in.
Some clinics will say that they cannot accept dogs with aggression issues.
Sure, it makes life a little more difficult- but if you love your dog you will still get them the care that they need.
Personally, I will bring Buddy to a vet no matter the cost because they can accommodate his needs better.

This place is the best.
I've taken two cats here and now my german shepherd.
Wonderful people working here, everyone is very nice.
Cheap but without the sacrifice of quality.
I'll always recommend this place first to friends and family.

This place is the best kept secret in AZ.
Wonderful people doing a great job in caring for our four legged family members.
I highly recommend this clinic for affordable, world class care.
They even helped answer a non-spay question, which I thought was very kind and helpful.
Being a responsible pet parent doesn't have to be expensive, and thanks to the Spay Neuter Clinic, you and your beloved pet will be in great shape!
Boom.

This place is awesome.
I've taken my puppy here twice for vaccinations and both times the people were just so nice and friendly.
I called and made an appointment, which gives you an hour and a half slot of time to come in...once you get there, you are put on the list and it is first come first serve...so you will have to wait awhile.
The doctor there treated my puppy like gold and the price was also right.
I would recommend to anyone for vaccinations.

Compassionate and thoughtful staff.
Very reasonable prices, this is what they advertise, low cost spay or neuter, not a full vet service, but they do vaccinations if needed.
I would rate them well above the Dobson humane society in service and responsiveness.
Get there early and there is little wait time.

