If your looking for quality breakfast, great customer service at a good price this is the place to go.
My family and I come here at least twice a month, and drive there all the way from Laveen.
Everytime you go there for breakfast they give you a coupon for a buy one get one free breakfast on the way out.
So our breakfast for 2 adults and 2 kids under 6 ends up costing us under $20 bucks.
The chicken friend steak and the steak and eggs are my favorite.

I took my country boy to this truck stop diner on the way to the sportsmen's expo.
The sevice was friendly and the food fast.
They even gave us a two for one coupon to use on the spot.
We wanted to like this place, but the truck stop atmosphere was matched with truck stop food.
We'll keep driving.

Sunday morning my husband and I wanted to go out to eat a hearty breakfast.
We've eaten at this restaurant before, so we knew what to expect.
This place is located in a run down strip mall, but has a very low key casual atmosphere.
No dressing up required here.
Slap on a ragged shirt and jeans, and you will fit in right at home.
The place is open 24hrs, so if your out parting and want some grub you can stop in anytime.
We arrived at around 8:30am in the morning.
There was no wait time before being seated.
The place was pretty packed with people so we got seated in the back room.
The restaurant is packed with booths from corner to corner.
One thing you will notice right away when you sit down is the spacing from the seat to the table, it's very close and makes it a little uncomfortable if your not stick thin.
Also sitting down and getting up takes some effort.
I mean I'm not a beast but a couple more inches could help.
I noticed this was a problem not only for our booth, but looked around and watched as others tried to squeeze into there spots as well.
As we looked around the waitress seemed pretty slammed and a little worn out.
These waitresses kind of remind me of the waitress from the show Alice, a little ruff around the edges.
Our waitress was pretty fast at coming around to get our drink and breakfast orders.
We were served two glasses of water right away.
There menu has pretty much everything you would expect any breakfast place to have, so you'll end up with a classic plate.
I ordered the biscuit, egg, and sausage gravy plate, with some home fries.
I think it was combo #1 for $6.99.
The waitress asked if I wanted home fries or hash browns, I said home fries but got hash browns anyway.. Go figure.
My husband ordered the omelet with sausage and cheese with some hash browns for the same price.
Anyways, the place was packed so I thought for sure our food would take awhile.
But no, it came out super quick and was two plates of a lot of food.
No way could we eat everything.
We started eating and it tasted like some good home cooking food.
I really don't expect much out of breakfast food, because an egg is an egg.
The food was average, nothing to rave about.
The service was quick, and we didn't have to wait like at the Good Egg or Denny's on a weekend for breakfast.

Sometimes you CAN judge a book by its cover.
This looks like a typical diner and indeed that's what it was.
Even though the place was busy (Sunday breakfast time) I was immediately seated, the servers were friendly and everyone used the obligatory "hon" when addressing you, and the food came fast in spite of the busy time.
Taste and quality of the food were typical for a diner - OK, not great, but the pancakes were definitely more than I could finish.
Not as inexpensive as I though it would be: pancakes (3) with bacon and eggs and a cup of coffee came to a few cents short of 10 bucks!
Very casual atmosphere: most of the folks here were attired like they were about to do some home gardening after breakfast.

Excellent!
Fast service and great vittles!

I agree with Norm R. on this place, food wasn't earth shattering and although it was decent I thought going here would be super cheap.
I think I spent the same I would have at Denny's.
I can tell you that the coffee was awesome and I liked the atmosphere better than Denny's but I am not sure I would come back.
The eggs tasted like they had milk or something in them, they had a funny texture when in my mouth.
The pancakes were fantastic and the bacon was OK.

this place is one of the few places that still acts like what it is.
It feels like a mom and pop place.
The wait staff is friendly and you feel like you stepped into "Mel's Diner", with Flo and the gang all there.
They cook eggs to perfection.
The hash browns are the absolute best I have had in Phoenix.
Again the biscuits and gravy are typical west coast blah, but they are better than most out here.
Excellent bacon (crispy like I like it, never soggy) Pancakes are great too.
$2.99 for breakfast?
What a great deal.
For the money, I have not found a better breakfast in the Phoenix area, or the entire state for that matter.
I recommend Country Boys to anyone that asks.
Its the first place my father wants to go when he lands in Phx.

I had every intention of giving this place a chance.
Mostly because it doesn't look like the kind of place that people RAVE about after a meal.
Sometimes making a snap judgment is completely justified!
We were intially given a server that was not at all confident in her ability to perform her job even at the most basic of levels.
When she was asked about the "specials", she shrugged her shoulders and told us she didn't know about the ingredients or sides that were available.
I was still hanging in there and giving this place my all.
Afterall... she could have been new, having a terrible day OR goodness knows what she was going through that day?
Then the baby started screaming in the booth next to us and every server in the place ran for the hills, leaving the issue unaddressed.
PEOPLE!...
if you have a crying baby, FOR THE LOVE... take the poor little thing outside and deal with the problem, don't force unsuspecting strangers to listen to it.
We opted for a changed of scenery within the restaurant after five minutes of non-stop crying and were moved into the main area of the restaurant and reassigned to a new server.
She no sooner finished warming my coffee (I use this term loosely, as it was more like colored water) before I glanced into the grill area which open for the whole restaurant to see.
This was the nightmare...
I saw a rather large female cook with a tissue paper plug in her nose.
Anyone who's ever had a bloody nose knows that this is one of the few things you can do to passify the DRIPPING BLOOD!!
You would think a bloody nose would qualify one for a break until the bleeding subsided, wouldn't you??
I don't think i'll be able to bring myself to visit this place again!!
In the mean time... might I suggest some food safety training?

We have been patronizing this restaurant since the late 90's.
You can't find a better deal in town $2.99 for breakfast ?
Are you kidding me ?
$2.99 gets you two eggs, hash browns or home fries and your choice of bacon or sausage.
Add one additional item if you choose for .99 cents.
They have buy one get one free coupons as well.
Check them out !

This place is gross.
The first thing I noticed was how greasy the floors were..We got seated in the back..kind of upstairs.
The place is rundown and needs attention.
The ceiling above was dripping water right in our booth!
The food?
Big portions of tasteless slop.
Nothing was edible.
The eggs had no flavor at all..Hashbrown portion huge, but again..a blob of mush underneath like nothing I've ever seen or tasted.
There was cheese on my toast..were did that come from?
We didn't eat but a few bites..I paid and tipped as the waitress was nice..but never going back.
The place was packed so someone must like it..Not I

Open 24 hours a day.
Very cheap and they have great breakfast specials.
So be prepared to be surrounded by senior citizens!
It's a down home cooking kinda place where you get what you pay for.
Staff is always welcoming and friendly.
We've only been for breakfast and have always left full and happy.
My only complaint is that their coffee leaves something to be desired.

I started dining here with my mom in early 2012.
The last 3 visits we had over the summer were horrible.
My mom's food was ice cold while mine arrived at the right temperature.
When she asked the waitress for a new plate, she was given an attitude, like she was lying about how hot her food was.
It took awhile for her to get her plate back and since I have good manners and went there to eat WITH my mom, I waited to eat my food until she had hers.
The next two times service was very very slow, and there weren't that many people in the restaurant.
It took over twenty minutes just to order drinks!
While the food is okay, typical diner food, I will not be returning to this establishment due to it's serious lack of customer service.

Country Boys is cheap, open 24 hours but, it's also what you'd expect in ambiance paying $2.99 for breakfast.
The service at anytime of the day has always been nice and the food out in a timely fashion.
Inside the restaurant could use some aesthetic help but, isn't a deal breaker.
I'll keep going as long as they are open.

We didn't even get to eat!
The hostess skipped over us and made us wait over an hour before we left.

I have been coming here for many years.
the food is good for the money.
the coupons make it even better.
breakfast is always good no matter what you order.
the all you can eat fish on Friday is a good deal as well.
with the buy 1 get 1 coupon it is a bargain.
without the coupon I'd prefer to go to village inn for their fish fry but i wasn't disappointed either.
the ambience is homely in a good way.
its quiet and a good place to have a meal in peace.

First visit here.
I want to be able to say good things, so some of the positives....  ~Our server was pleasant.
She gave us good service and checked on us a few times.
~The menu has a nice selection for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
~Breakfast is served all day.
Having said that, this place is dated.
The sign outside said they remodeled, but it looks like a place my mom worked in the seventies.
The food is okay.
Mostly homestyle, blue plate special kind of entrees.
I ordered a salad with grilled chicken.
It was a nice size with sliced chicken, sliced tomatoes, hard boiled egg, and cheese on iceberg lettuce.
Overall, it was fresh, but the chicken had absolutely no seasoning.
My friend suggested they don't season things due to the number of elderly that eat here.
The cheese was imitation cheese, which I don't like.
We also ordered a Philly Cheese Steak sandwich with a side of peaches.
It had quite a bit of meat on it, but the bun was soggy causing it to fall apart.
Prices seem high for the quality of food, however they do have breakfast specials and free ice cream from 11am-2pm.
I might consider coming back to try their breakfast, but doubt it.

Great place for cheap homestyle breakfast!
It is a bit rundown but makes if feel more homey I think.

Never ever going back.
The place stinks like cigarettes and the service is terrible.
The food is mediocre, ihop may be better.
Definitely wouldn't suggest to a friend.

