Every time my family comes to Arizona we stay at this hotel.
i like this hotel.
the staff is super nice.
the place is nice and cozy.
makes you feel like youre at home.
they have a lobby where everyone hangs out and talks.
free wi-fi.
a computer you can use.
books you can borrow and read.
a wonderful breakfast in the morning.
and its right next to a shopping center.
target and ross on the other side along with a lot of good places/choices to eat at.
their rooms are also decent.
definitely love coming to this hotel while im arizona.
totally recommend this place if you ever come and visit phoenix.

Right off the weird little freeway that is AZ101 Business Loop (also called W. Beardlsey Rd.
)  is the Deer Valley Village that is home to Country Inn & Suites.
We stayed 2 nights and had a very peaceful, hassle-free and even quite nice stay in one of their mid-price suites (a fold-out couch + 2 Queen beds and kitchenette area).
The Continental Breakfast Buffet is reason enough (in my book) to book a stay here.
With an ever present supply of coffee, fresh oranges, apples and chocolate chip cookies on hand at all times for the rest of the day.
Here are my roses and thorns for the place:  Roses: +Pool Area nicely gated and access to lobby restricted to those with a hotel keycard.
+QUIET.
Oh so very quiet!
+Diligent housekeeping.
+Cynthia at the front desk was very kind to my children even cutting them some oranges for a snack one evening.
+Parking is easy +Close to low-key shopping like Ross and Michael's plus a movie theater.
+Wifi.
+Clean.
Very Clean.
+ Public restrooms in the lobby near the meeting area.
I noticed a beat cop stopping in to partake of them- extra security!
Thorns: -The hot water is atrociously slow to warm- a waste of water.
-The vending machines in the lobby are very persnickety with one not taking dimes and also requiring exact change.
Not such a big deal if there were a source of change somewhere (the front desk not so much).
-2 of their channels are seemingly disconnected from the cable and if you stumble upon them while channel surfing they blare static into the room at above normal volume which is disruptive and wakes sleeping toddlers (as it did mine).
-My Yelp check-in offer was only good for their base priced room :( Not ALL rooms as some Yelpers seem to have suggested.
-Very paired down soap, shampoo conditioner - no extras like mouthwash or shower caps.
Maybe if requested?
-Their tragically scratchy, mustard colored nylon duvet covers (blech).
And outdated wallpaper while we're on the subject.
All in all though, it was a pleasant experience and if I found myself in Phoenix I would stay there again as it is freeway close and allows for easy access to any direction in the city you might find yourself needing to go.
Families should bookmark Castles & Coasters, The Phoenix Zoo & Arrowhead Mall as nearby destinations of choice.

