You've been to one, you've been to them all.
Which is why I probably don't visit Denny's more than once every 4-5 years.
On this occasion, my family and I were on vacation and headed toward Sedona, AZ, so we decided to stop at this Denny's for breakfast.
I had a waffle with some bacon, my wife got some oatmeal with some fruit, and our daughter had the requisite pancakes.
Overall, the food was okay-to-subpar.
My waffle was rather dense.
The bacon was the typical miniscule and fatty variety.
The pancakes were huge and tasted okay.
The price and the service were both just okay.
Overall, I was not swayed in any way to return to this Denny's or any other for at least another 4-5 years.

This Dennys is an ok location.
Never had any serious complaints other than maybe waiting for a refill here and there.
I am SO sad that they stopped offering the half portion of moons over my hammy though because I never finish it.
Love the boneless buffalo wings!

It's Denny's!
friendly service, food was Meh?
Nothing to write home about, my Bfast potatoes we hot and Ice cold... wanted to B**CH but just passed on eating them and left...

Its Denny's - what else is there to say...

Horrible service almost an hour to get our food.
NO discount on our food, but yet the manager had no problem sitting at the counter eating his pot roast.
Not once came by to apologize or comp food.
Complained to corporate office and got a generic all purpsoe email.
Umm yeah about the $25 I blew for bad service, cold food, and attitude.
I was starting to turn my attitude about Denny's thinking they were doing better but they proved they aren't.
THings happen, but when the corporate office can't even call to apologize that is saying we don't care.

Went to Denny's after attending a meeting, There was 12 people in our party.
So why am I reviewing Denny's?
We all know what Denny's is about.
Well when you're with friends, this is definitely a great place to go!
Food is good and satisfying.
With Denny's people always seem to have a love-it or hate-it opinion of the chain.
Tonight for our party of 12 we had our drinks were delivered in a reasonable amount of time given the amount of people in our party and my food was ordered and delivered in about 15-20 minutes with the exception of one order that got delivered after most of us had eaten.
On a good note the manager comp'd that meal which was nice if her to do.
We all had requested separate checks and there was no problem making that request.
I would like to give our waitress a lot of recognition for working with our large party.
Nothing special about this Denny's....
I have no complaints and the food was brought quick enough and the order was right so it's all good.
FOOD: The food was hot and fresh out of the kitchen, it wasn't cold when it got to me, which made me happy.
The quality of the food was decent too.
There's not much to say about this place though, because the menus are all the same at all Denny's.
The point being: a Denny's is a Denny's is a Denny's, but some are better than others.
This one is decent.
PRICE: Very reasonable.
SERVICE:   Excellent.
AMBIANCE:  Typical Denny's.
CONCLUSION:  We were seated immediately.
Food was decent, everything that should have been hot was.
Service was great.
RETURN  FACTOR: 100%

This is the third time I've been here to this location and I've received the SAME crappy service from the SAME waitress.
Her name is Leslie and if you can, avoid being in her section at all costs!
She came and checked on my table ONCE in 45 minutes.
My cup of coffee sat empty for 30 and only when I talked to the manager did I get any kind of service.
Never coming back to this location.
Would give 0 stars if possible.

