I don't want to call this a dive bar, because truly I've seen worse.
It's oddly reminiscent of the bar/restaurants found in small town in Wisconsin (just a side note, my mother in law lives in a town with 800 residents and it has 4 bars.
It's crazy, but anyways...back to the review).
What I love about this place is that it's so oddly Cheers, perfectly campy, but amazingly reasonable.
It's not the kind of place to go get a micro brew but if you like 22 ounce Miller Lite, this is your stop.
Go enough and the waitress will know your name and your favorite order.
It's the kind of place you go to after work to have a few beers and eat wings.
The reason we go are for the specials.
20 wings for like $3, and you know what...they are good.
Pitchers of beer for $2.50.
And quite honestly, they have some good tacos.
I know that sounds odd to have tacos at a bar, but they're tasty.
Sit watch a game, mingle and get happy.
Sounds perfect.

I went here for lunch today because it is close to work, was not crowded and cheap.
I was surprised to see that after the smoking ban was started this place is now clean, smells good and inviting.
The bartender, waitress, server, and friend to all the patrons seems to know every ones names and what they want as they walk in.
They have all the normal bar drinks and appear to have a great following.
I had a 1/3 lb burger, it is a premade thing but tasted good.
It is a little thin for my taste.
It comes with frys, claw, potato salad etc.
I had the frys which are crinkle cut and good.
The meal was 6 bucks and some change.
I will be back but think I will try the wings and a Captain N Coke.

Good food, reasonable prices on booze, friendly wait staff.
Good place to go for a beer after work or to hang out with you buddies if you like the dive bar scene.

This is not a fancy place, but it's one of my favorite bars for a few reasons!
Karaoke- the fun kind, NOT professionals looking to be discovered.
Hot wings- DELICIOUS!
Drink specials- there's always something & regular drinks reasonably priced.
It's out of the way, but that's exactly were I want to be when I sing loudly & off key, enjoy cheek staining yummy hot wings, get a little tipsy & do it all while wearing jeans & a tee shirt!
The people who work there are always nice, good friendly atmosphere.

We love this place!
Food is good, bartenders are very friendly.
Best happy hour prices in town!

Dive bar with a neighborhood feeling.

My girlfriend told me we were meeting her mom here for breakfast...
I thought, "Ok cool.. bar and grill for breakfast.
"  I guess years ago this place used to serve some good breakfast, but in recent years because of the economy, they stopped and only have a few things.
I guess I thought since this was a small place with only two cars in the parking lot, that we would be in a so-so experience.
Of course this was at 10:30AM...
But we sat down in the bar area in a high table.
A nice girl came to help us and get us a menu.
We learned that breakfast really didnt exist, so I ordered some wings and was surprised that they were actually pretty good.
Not amazing, but not bad either.
I ate about 8 of 12 of them.
My girlfriend and her mom ordered a couple drinks; I had some Coke and that was about it..  Would I come back?
Sure, but not for breakfast...  Id probably check it out in the evening time.

It's a dive.
But as far as dives go, it's awesome!
We've been going there for years, not regulars though, we're homebodies.
Services has always been friendly/  And, karoke on Sat's is great!
If you aren't a snob, try it out :)

Oh man, this place is solid.
As far as dive bars go, I'd say it's slightly above most...it's definitely still a dive bar, but not nearly as dive-y as many I have been to.
For one, natural light can be seen from inside.
That right there SHOULD delete from the category of dive bar...but I'll let it pass ;)  The service was very friendly...probably more friendly than most dive bars.
The clientele was great - quite friendly, and clearly just there to enjoy some after-work drinks, rather than many dive bars where the patrons drink as their job.
Drinks are poured well, and prices are fair.
Parking can get tight at times, but not too bad.

Words like dark, dank, dingy and dive come to mind...
However sometimes your in the mood for a dive.

Lunch: Southwest chicken philly...with Fries.
This is a great sandwich!
Place: Small dive bar with mostly locals (nice ones)  Location: Just North of Deer Valley Rd on the West side.
Bar: Usual standard drinks, nothing bad about that.
Service: No complaints  Sports:  Few TV, Darts, Pool etc  Look at the daily specials, there seems to be some good one!

They water down their shots...big time .
I'm not talking one the rocks.
They actually put water in the bottles!
How cheap can you be to take my hard earned money and not give me what I paid for after a long day at work??
New management sucks period.
They had a long time to make improvements but they didn't even try.
Don't even come here for the burger anymore which was the only reason I came back when the new owners took over

Gotta have some love for the dive bars!
This really fits the mould.
Great burgers and all the beer you want as long as its a domestic :)

Flightline is closed.
Hopefully Brigett reopens it with an outdoor patio, air conditioning that is turned on and tables without duct tape.

