I have had good customer service at the admitting desk, one of the PA's is not very nice at all.
Another PA told me that she could not help me but did not assist with referring me to a different doctor.
For my allergy treatment, the PA Derek has been spot on.

STAY AWAY!!!
Where to start...
I had an appointment with Danielle Sink, looking for a new primary care provider.
I showed up to the office(which is poorly marked) before my appointment time(showed up to office approx 4:20, appointment was at 4:30).
The first thing that I noticed upon walking into the office is there was quite a few people in the waiting room and the atmosphere was extremely tense.
This was my first warning sign, but I decided to see how it would go.
I started filling out forms at which point the provider asked for a $2 service charge for using a credit card...
This was my second warning sign and this is the first place I have ever been that charged this fee(which is against the Visa merchant agreement for processing credit cards).
About 5 minutes into the wait, a patient with a different doctor asked the nurse who was bringing another patient back how long it would be(they appeared to have been waiting for a while) and was rudely told by the nurse that she worked with a different doctor and had no idea how long the wait would be, with no offer to find out how long it would be or any assistance of any kind(this was at approximately 4:35).
Then, after waiting about 15 minutes, another patient with the same doctor I was visiting went to the front and told them that they had been waiting for approximately 45 minutes and was wondering how long the wait would be, the office said that it would only be another 15 minutes(this was at around 4:40).
I waited until about 4:55 until I decided that I wanted to get an accurate time on how long the wait was(again, the appointment was at 4:30 and I had scheduled dinner with my father at 6:00pm) and was told by the receptionist that it would be at least 30 more minutes.
At this point I decided that I was going to leave and that I wasn't comfortable with the way the patients were treated.
I asked respectfully that they credit my card the $17 for the copay and that I would find a different provider.
This point they said that they could see me immediately and I responded that I wasn't comfortable with using this doctors office.
At this point they became very rude with me and said they could not refund the copay and that if I were to leave they would charge me a missed appointment.
I asked to speak with the office manager at which point I was told that I couldn't since she was busy.
I was asked to leave a note and I detailed that I wanted a refund on my copay and they were *NOT* to charge my insurance company for any services, since none were rendered and that if they tried to bill me for a missed appointment that I would take appropriate action.
I received a call about 1 hour after my appointment which was calling to see if I had left and if so I was going to miss my appointment.
I looked at my credit card statement and they haven't issued a refund nearly 4 business days later.
This is my personal experiences with this doctors office and needless to say I will never be visiting them again.
Should be interesting if they try to bill me for a missed appointment or try to charge my insurance company(which would be fraud).
EDIT 7/23/13:  They have now charged me for a missed visit fee, deducting the copay that they collected and refused to refund(which means I was physically present).
Amazing business...
I would give them -5 stars if I could.

$2.00 to use your credit or debit card, even if it's your fsa/hsa card.
Appointments needed for refills.
Often they will only give you a months worth and demand you follow up with another appointment, even for maintenance drugs.
Multiple times they have tried to overcharge me for my copay.
Have had two of my PCPs quit the office without a heads up, so I keep changing onsite doctors.
Sometimes hard to get Dr note for work.
Lab next door closed down so now 1 tech runs a humble lab onsite.
Long wait times but that is not uncommon, in my experience.

Was being treated for massive headaches  long term with tylenol and vocoden, I changed to another local doctor to discover I had a7cm cancerous brain tumor.
Lucky it was still operabke.
My doc, nobody on staff attemptwd any contact wirh me to find out where I went, why, or what happened.
I'm lucky to be alive ...

My wife came in to discuss migraines, a lump in her breast, and to look for help losing weight.
We drove 2 hours to get there and specifically requested a longer appointment because there were several issues and we live in a remote town.
NP Marsha Evans did nothing but lecture her on eating too much, and she already considers eating poorly eating 1200 to 1500 calories per day.
She has PCOS and other issues which cause weight loss to be horribly difficult, but she would hear none of this.
Her basic answer was "well, if you have to eat 700 calories a day than that is what you have to do.
" Even though every other doctor we have ever seen and all the research we have ever seen has said that a starvation diet like that should be done only under strict supervision and with supplements and a specific plan.
We came there to GET A PLAN AND SUPERVISION!
What we got was a lecture and shoved out of the office!
Even worse, she literally used Nazi concentration camp victims and Ethiopians as an example of how eating less works to lose weight, period.
No kidding, what we were looking for was a HEALTHY plan, not the Nazi diet.
Want to talk about the lump in her breast?
Sorry, you need another appointment, day off work, and two hour drive for that.
Want to talk about debilitating migraines?
Sorry, that requires yet another appointment.
Want to be berated and talked down to again and given a one-size-fits-all boilerplate answer that makes you feel like doctors just do not listen or care?
Absolutely!
Please see the front desk to schedule your next humiliation.
NP Marsha Evans is the definition of a bad health care provider, with her ears shut, her mouth open, her mind made up before getting even a small portion of the information, and a time-table that is more important than the health of her patients.
Looking at other reviews, and with our own experience, it is clear that they are trying to make up for falling profits by nickel and diming patients to death and providing no customer service.
Maybe if they focused on patients needs they would stop seeing them leave in droves and would not have to treat them like numbers, and stupid numbers at that.

RUN, run away while you're still breathing!
My daughter was seen by Dr.
Sink for heaviness in the chest, coughing, and unable to catch her breath after being treated 2 wks before for bronchitis.
A chest X-Ray was ordered and completed on a Friday.
It is now one week later and we can't get Dr.
Sink or anyone to call us back with the results.
My daughter has resorted to using a friends inhaler in order to breath!
It is apparent that Dr.
Sink could care less about her patients and is only interested in packing her waiting room for the head count $$$ as evidenced by the 2 hour wait that seems to be the norm.
The office staff is rude and the doctor is careless and dangerous - so RUN FAST to another doctor for medical care!

