This office has the worst office staff ever!
Your placed on hold when you call for up to 15 minutes and then once the pick up they are unfriendly and unprofessional.
My advise "go somewhere else"

On a recommendation from my OB/GYN, I selected Twin Pediatrics as PCP for my six children.
They are horrible.
The office staff is rude and unprofessional.
In addition, I took my daughter in for what I believed to be a rash of some sort.
The pediatrician looked, diagnosed a bacterial infection and put her on antibiotics.
A week and half later, with the "rash" spreading, I scheduled another appointment.
She was seen by a different pediatrician (same office), who diagnosed exzcema and gave me a referral for a dermatologist.
My child missed almost two weeks of school, based on the original diagnosis of a contagious bacterial infection.
Doubting the ability of the doctors at this office, I scheduled an appointment with a different physician.
Ring worm was the diagnosis, and with the proper medication, it disappeared with 48 hours.
That experience was strike two.
Strike one was a well check for my four month old.
He already had a cold, and I asked if we could wait to do his vaccinations.
They argued, I reluctantly agreed.
He ran a fever for four days strait.
I have never had a child react to shots like that.
He was already sick and couldnt not handle the vaccinations.
Simply listening to Mom, and allowing me to reschedule the well check would of saved a lot of misery for my child.
My children no longer see anyone at Twin Pediatrics.
Not only does two weeks of missed school hurt my child's education, I had to miss work for that time.
Ring worm is fairly common in children, especially those who have been around animals.
I can not believe both Pediatricians at this practice missed this.
Find another doc guys, this office is a joke.
They only get one star because yelp wont allow negatives...

I raised two boys the both Dr. D's and they have been a lifeline for our family.
My oldest is 20 and now in college and my baby will graduate from high school soon.
Both boys have seen these docs since the day they were born.
I could not have done this without their support and hand holding.
They are the best!

