I bought a pump housing off eBay that happened to come from Perry's.
I chose to have it shipped despite being in town because the $7.00 shipping charge was very reasonable and cheaper than the gas it would take driving.
As it turned out, we had order the wrong part.
My husband called the store and they said they would exchange it no problem.
I drove there the next Saturday and the exchange was quick and easy.
He even charged me the internet price on the correct part so the difference was just a couple of dollars.
The store was pretty busy and judging by the stock of pumps and parts in the back it looks like they do a pretty good volume.
We are due probably for a whole new pump soon and I will definitely look to Perry's before anyone else.

This place is the real deal.
Wander in here, and it's like a mechanics' shop, but with pool parts -- greasy, with the hum of power tools in the background.
It has that serious and unglamorous look that instills confidence in their work.
Being the do-it-yourselfers we are, I came by to grab some parts to fix our pool pump.
I didn't know the make or year, but Perry knew just by looking at the parts, and grabbed the right ones for me.
No problem.
The prices were fair too.
I also noticed that had tons of different chemicals and equipment parts.
A lot of them were brands that I had never heard of.
In other words, stuff the pros use.

Bought a 2-speed 1hp pump from Perry's in January, 2011.
It came with a 1-year warranty.
It burned out two weeks after the warranty expired.
That is about the worst case scenario you can expect.

Professional service and honored their warranty without question.
Would definitely do business with them again.

Don't come even a minute before 8:00 AM or they'll give you an ear full, doesn't matter what your needs are, you are just a customer.

So... Leslie Pool wanted $4,300.00 to replace my 2 pool pumps with variable speed type.
*** They said I have to have it.
Also, cartridge filter housing did have to be replaced as it was cracked and leaking.
Leslie Pool said another $1200.00 plus installation.
Labor and costs just started adding up with "things" I just had to have... Leslie Pool said.
I figured time to shop prices.
Shasta Pol closed on Saturday... that doesn't work for me.
Found Perry's Pool Pump.
Almost didn't call them but they answered on the first ring on a Saturday morning.
Yes, they were busy and said they would call me back.
Yes, they did... within 15 minutes.
I explained everything over the phone and was so impressed with their knowledge and insight that I drove down there.
Yes, it look like a hole in the wall, but there I found a huge fountain of expertise and knowledge.
Long story short...
I did not need everything Leslie Pool told me I needed.
Yes, I will get my variable speed pumps attached to my perfectly good housings.
Yes, I will get my new cartridge filter housing with a much better warranty.
And now...
I know a "family attitude" and a "family caring" that will always be there for me.
Oh yes, I can easily recommend Perry's Pool Pump.
Final cost for everything including installation $1546.83.

The knowledge and integrity is the very best around.
I have  done business with them for years.
Always very happy.
Prices are very fair.
I know I save a tremendous amount on all my pool needs with them.
They even can give you the name of someone to help you pull the motor and put it back on

