The Baconator.
How can you not?
I rather like Wendy's for fast food...There is just something about those square hamburgers...You know like the Huey Lewis song.
The hamburger is amazing, two square patties, something around a billion pieces of bacon and cheese dripping enoughh off the sides to leave you a delicious desert of lickable cheese paper.
I have a thing for their soggy salty fries, it is hard to scoop up frosty with them, but once you do you are in freakish eater heaven.
The salt and chocolate are just the right combination.
This peticular resturaunt was lame, even by fast food standards.
The drive-through was not friendly, I got only two napkins, no spoon for my frosty (thank god for the fries) and no offer of ketchup.
The Baconator will be back...and soon, and I doubt that you want to use a Wendy's bathroom so take it home.

This place has not gotten any better over the past 10 years.
The service is still bad and they are always running out of food and the food isn't that great either.
Will have to say that I will not be going back to this location or the one off of Glendale and 19th ave.

Hit and miss on the food here, mine was OK and my wife's was terrible.
Not a place to go if you like your food fresh cooked.
Our food was on the counter about 30 seconds after we ordered which tells me they pulled it all out of a warmer, threw it together and placed it on a tray at lightning speed.
I can appreciate the fact that it's a "fast food" restaurant but I went for breakfast and it doesn't take that long to cook an egg.

The burgers here taste like they do at any other Wendys.
You either like Wendys or you don't.
Some of the past reviewers say it's hit and miss.
I personally haven't experienced a miss.
But if it's hit and miss that's just like any other fast food restaurant.
Fast food restaurants set standards to what the food should taste like and customer service standards as well.
It's up to the staff to uphold those standards.
Most of the time I've only been through the drive-thru.
I've only gone inside to eat lunch once.
The order tasted great as usual.
The only thing I can remember was the person at the register didn't seem too friendly.
I wasn't greeted and it took about 3 minutes for him to say, "I can help you over here sir.
"  There's been a few times where I don't even get the proper greeting at the drive-thru either.
I pull-up and all I hear is, "what can I get you?
" To me that just worries me of what's to come.
If they don't care about the Wendy's standards enough to simply say, "Thank for choosing Wendy's..." or something along those lines, then what makes me believe they're going to care about the standards of my food.
Despite these flaws of this location I haven't had a miss on the quality of my food.
Wendy's should really re-train the staff at this location as my patience is wearing thin.

This location is cool because they have internet and outlets and its not busy so I did my hw in peace and quiet!
And the girl with the glasses hooked it up with the value $1 fries yum!

Been here a couple times and its been hit or miss.
I usually have no problem, drive thru is pretty fast even during their busy hours.
But the last time I went I ordered a combo meal at the drive thru and as I pulled away realized there were no fries in my bag.
No biggie but when I went inside to get them, instead of just giving them to me, the girl at the counter called the drive thru girl over and asked her if I got my fries.
Working in customer service for many years I found this to be very odd and demeaning in a way.
Almost as if she was accusing me of lying without outright saying it.
Over an order of french fries mind you.
Well when the drive thru girl came over she looked me in the eyes and said "You know I gave you your fries" rolled her eyes and walked away before I could respond.
The first girl I spoke to then proceeded to help the next person in line without speaking to me again.
I honestly couldn't believe it.
I mean really?
What kind of customer service is that?
When the cashier finished with the gentlman behind me she gave me an exasperated look of "what do you want?
" Now I wasn't even mad when they forgot my fries, mistakes happen, but at this point I was reaching my boiling point.
So I replied "Either you give me the fries I paid for or give me both your names and the number to your corporate office...you decide.
" I got yet another eye roll but finally received my fries!
Last time I go here though...too bad because it's the only location near my house.

The men's room was SUPER nasty.
The service was good...and the food was hot.

Asked for the Portabella Brioche burger... No mushrooms, so instead I got a number 1.
Ketchup out in the lobby...
So I let the girl on register know.
She lazily said (without looking at me) "there are packets there" and points at a little basket.
Then I ask for ranch.
They were ALSO out of ranch.
But I guess it's ok because my fries weren't burnt.
Close this store and take inventory because you don't have a lot.

