Great service with the utmost integrity.

I have been using Maids of Honor for over 10 years, with great success.
Cathy Sanburg and her staff have always had the clients' best interest at heart and do a wonderful job in not only in house cleaning, but assisting a homeowner to sell their home by cleaning it top to bottom!
They are the best!

I have used Maids of Honor for almost three years.
I found them on Angie's List, and saw what good reviews they've had.
I have not been disappointed.
They are very thorough, respectful of my things, and very pleasant to deal with.
Cathy and Kim have always been very responsive to my occasional need to change the day or time, and in dealing with any other issues that arise.
Their prices are also very competitive.
I highly recommend them!

Boy am I so thrilled to have found Maids of Honor.
There was a moment in time in which I decided I had cleaned enough bathrooms in 50+ years.
Then I met the lovely ladies who took all that away from me.
Once they did their first full cleaning, I was hooked.
I couldn't have been happier.
Since then, they have been adaptable to my schedule even suggesting when I might be ready to reduce the frequency because I was keeping the house clean between visits and it was painless!
They live up to their name.
They represent their brand with honor and you will be in good hands with them.

We have been using Maids of Honor for many years and are very satisfied.
We are especially pleased with their commitment to the schedule.
It's rare to be able to count on a timely service!
We also appreciate their professionalism and trustworthiness.
My husband & I have our own business, so we know how difficult it is to keep customers satisfied.
I so appreciate coming home to a clean house after working all day, and spending my days off doing fun things instead of cleaning!

Facing major surgery sent me to the Internet to search for a cleaning service.
I was so encouraged by the positive reviews for Maids of Honor that I hired them for twice a month cleaning during my recuperation.
However, even after my recovery, I continue to use their cheerful and efficient service and would not hesitate to recommend Maids of Honor to anyone looking for a reliable cleaning service.

Don't waste your time and call this company if you have a budget.
They just want to argue.
You are not allowed to only partially clean a house up to a certain number of hours.
I personally don't like being lectured when I book a service and then being denied service because I don't have enough money to spend with them.

Cathy was great to work with and she made the appointment process nice and easy!
My family was in town for the Turkey Day Weekend and my Mother was so impressed with the job the cleaning team did!
I have already reached out to try and schedule my next appointment!

So I had to move out as the two other folks I was living with had moved on to greener pastures or sunnier beaches in this case.
Plus I wanted to move a lot closer to work.
So I found these folks through Yelp and decided to give them a shot.
The type of cleaning I wanted wasn't what they usually do but I needed someone to do it and fast and these folks were willing so I gave it a go.
I had an apartment that looked like a tornado hit it the day after a triple kegger during fraternity rush week.
That's what happens when 2 folks move out and you get to do all the cleaning because you're last man standing.
At this point I wasn't even worried about how much or how little deposit I was getting back.
I was more worried about how much I might owe - as there was some damage.
I was able to replace a bunch of stuff - no details as to not incriminate myself but the cleaning was going to be a headache and I had very little time.
So Maids Of Honor folks came in for one day to clean it all up.
I came to take a look afterwards and was pretty impressed.
The bathrooms looked like what you'd walk into when you check into a hotel room.
LOL.
That's not what they looked like a few days before.
Long story short - I actually got the bulk of my deposit back.
I was actually shocked when I opened the final statement from the apartment complex.
Pretty sure that would not have been the case had I attempted to clean myself in the amount of time I had OR used a lesser qualified cleaning service.

Maids of honor did a fantastic job cleaning my house.
It now looks better than it did when we moved in.
Thank you Cathy and your team!

These ladies are fantastic.
And clearly in high demand.
I had to wait a few weeks to get a spring clean done on my house, but now we're on a bi weekly schedule.
It's heaven.
I have never seen my house so clean as it was after the spring clean visit.
I don't think it was that clean when we bought the house!
I look forward to their visits, they've befriended and love on my dog who adores them.
My husband loves it because we're no longer trying to force the issue of me not being gifted in the cleaning department (I can cook, do dishes, and laundry..
I can do some things!
)  Some might say it's expensive but it's a fair price for good work.
They're great at their jobs and you certainly don't feel like you're taking advantage of someone.
We've been recommending their services to everyone we know ever since their first visit.
They're the best.

I just got off the phone with the receptionist and didn't even get past the inquiry before deciding this company was not for me.
I called to ask about their services.
She told me that the person in charge was in a meeting and she wanted to obtain some of my information.
We proceeded to go through how many bed/baths I have, square footage, number of stories in the home, kids, pets, and then she started repeating the same questions like she forgot she already asked them.
I told her we already went over those questions and she continued to ask them.
Obviously very disorganized and not a great first impression.
I won't trust a person who keeps saying "Duuuuh" over the phone with my house.
NO THANK YOU!

It's been just about a year since my original posting and I maintained continual, monthly service with MoH, mostly because I couldn't live without them!
Well I could, but it wouldn't be nearly as stress-free.
Sadly I just had to move out of state and Cathy pointed out that I couldn't put Latasha and her team in my suitcase!
So, I leave them to you and assure you that you will be in good hands.
They took excellent care of my home.
They were always willing to work with MY schedule when any sort of conflict came up.
And as they took care of my final move-out cleaning, they found a picture I'd left behind and picked up the phone to call and tell me so I wouldn't lose it.
This is a well run business that will earn your trust and before you know it, you won't want to live without them!

