Okay, so hard to believe I am the FTR of this Garcia's location since it has been here for eon's (and looks like it) and is still one of the staple restaurants around the Metro Center area that hasn't closed down or changed.
The food is the same as it has been for the last 15+ years.
Decent, not great and sadly, the shredded beef in the taco I had tasted like it was boiled without any flavors or seasoning.
For those of you reading this review who have never been to Phoenix (Arizona at all in fact) you may not be aware of the greasy deliciousness called a cheese crisp.
This is seriously where it is at pretty much all over the Valley.
Garcia's does make a fine cheese crisp and for that, I am still grateful and willing to go.
The one good thing I can say is the restaurant still seems to have a hopping bar area with live music a few nights a week.
Good for the happy hour crowd, but since I was there with my mom and a cousin for lunch, it didn't do anything for me knowing this.
Word of warning to ladies who need to potty while in the restaurant area...The bathroom is as old as the rest of the place.
One toilet so if you drink a lot, be prepared to wait your turn.

Lived near this place for seven years and was looking to locate a nearer Mexican restaurant to my house than taking  a drive to Manuels.
Saying Mexican food in the UK means pretty much one kind of cuisine and a fixed range of flavors, here we at least have attempts at many variations and regions ( though mostly from the USA it seems) and this is what I would consider to be the default  for  the type.
Nothing too spicy,sadly, and not much more than choosing your arrangement of beans, flour ,meat and cheese in slightly differing patterns.
I rather like the red chili they have and wouldn't mind it isolated from it's floury strait-jacket the next time I go here.
All fresh, all hot, all tasty  if you are in the mode for Mexican a la USA without needing to shoot yourself for going into "On the Border"   Service really good on the Sunday AM  (kids eat free)  food is generic to a fault and if they were to the cheaper side of the street it would be 3.5 and pushing it close to 4  but  this may as well be  Macao's or a Manuel's for all the difference it makes.

Yes, it's a chain mexican restaurant & having so many choices in the Valley, I should be ashamed to go here, but I've been eating here for YEARS.
The service is generally very good, servers are friendly and quick, and the food is consistently good.
I love their salsa and bean dip they bring out with chips.
A little bit of bean dip + a lot of salsa = a happy mouth.

Went looking for Mexican cuisine that was within walking distance of my hotel, happened upon Garcia's.
Dropped in with a group of seven and it took nearly 10 minutes for our server to greet us and take drink orders.
The drinks were then brought out in shifts with the final drink appearing 5 minutes after the first one arrived.
Salsa and chips were decent.
I choose the shrimp tacos, which came in flour tortillas with a side of rice and beans.
Tacos lacked flavor and were overwhelmed by a runny sour cream sauce.
I ended up picking out the shrimp and shredding the drier areas of the tortilla to salvage my meal.
The rice and beans were the highlight.
Additionally, due to inattentive service, we twice had to request that our server come to our table.
The restaurant itself seems a bit old and groups of people get easily held up in the skinny hallways.
Overall, I'm not a fan of Garcia's.

Pollo Fundido.
Pollo Fundido.
Pollo Fundido.
Pollo Fundido.
Whether you haven't been at all or you haven't partaken in this dish, you must visit as soon as possible and order this right away.
The chips and salsa are fantastic but don't overdo them, you'll need to ensure you have room for the main course.
Go there.
Try it.
Nothing more need be said, you will completely understand.

Good happy hour!
$2.00 cover get's you a buffet and like music that is actually good.
for some reason though the sound system kept cutting out.
I guess the forgot to pay the electric bill.

Tortilla soup rocks, new street tacos are just like Mexico ..
They have a great band on happy hour..
It's a 2 dollar cover but they're worth it.
Its an older crowd tho.
Beer is cold, service is great and the food is better than alot of the mom and pop Mexican restaurants in this area..
Surprising for a chain..
It's worth a trip!

Mmmm shredded beef tacos!
The cheese crisp is good (or as you non-native Phoenicians call it "quesa dilla.
" Always good food.
Usually good service.
Not cheap, but one of the better mexican restaurants out there.

I will start this review with saying that The Garcia on 35th Avenue is the only one you should go to.... this location was a huge disappointment...the only reason I give it a 2 star is because the service was good...our server was really nice, we had the tortilla soup, salad, and a grande burrito, I think... Let me start with the burrito...aside of onions and the dried chicken and beef inside, there was nothing to this...
I think I make 100% better mexican food than this people, and I'm from Panama--LOL... now the soup, yak... horrible and the salad, had a big peace of lettuce that looked like fungus was growing on it... my little one gagged...
I almost complained, but what's the point, we are never going there again... better off going to and Humberto, Roberto, Filiberto...whatever you called those places... believe me you will never be this disappointed.

Had the build your own combo, with the shredded beef enchilada, the chile relleno, and a shredded beef taco.
It came with spanish rice and refied beans.
The food was good, taste was spot on for tex-mex which reminded me of Texas, and the service was quick, friendly and attentive.
Not the most exciting Mexican food I've had for sure, but for today, it was a good meal.

Not outstanding Mexican food, yet popular mainstream food.
There was nothing spectacular with the food, yet I was content with the burrito, rice, beans.
Chips are tasteless.
It is what I would expect from this type of restaurant.
Unfortunately they don't seem to make things spicy, and this is a terrible disappointment.
If you want something better, 1/2 block north of Peoria on 35th Ave is La Parilla Suiza; the food is outstanding.
Would I go back?
Yes, yet only because it is simple comfort food, but because of the outstanding recipes that they follow.

Back in the 90's I remembered Garcia's being a pretty decent Mexican restaurant.
I don't know what happened, but this is Calimex, not Mexican.
First we ordered enchiladas.
We asked if they had red chile.
The waitress said, "What?
" I was like,.. nevermind, you don't.
She then said, "You mean like a jalapeno?
" - "No, red chile sauce, like you pour on enchiladas".
She then said something like, "No, we have a tomato like sauce, but not jalapeno sauce".
It was clear she had NO idea what chile was.
So we get our plate, it had some sort of brown sauce, and the meat was tasteless.
Really gross.
They brought "salsa" and chips (kinda late, after we started our meal), and the salsa tasted like marinara sauce.
Again, gross.
Overall, the food was disgusting.
We won't be going back.
Do not confuse this Garcia's in Arizona with the Garcia's in New Mexico.
Two totally different franchises.

Every since our favorite Mexican Restaurant ( La Rosa's ) closed many years ago we have been patronizing Garcia's ( 35th Ave & Peoria ) whenever we are in the mood for decent mexican food at a reasonable place, price and at a sit down restaurant.
The prices are very affordable.
You can literally buy the three item combo with rice and beans for $11.99 and feed two people and with the unlimited chips, bean dip and salsa your stomach will be begging you to stop eating.
Well since I am fat I like to buy the two item combo ( $10.99 ) with rice and beans.
The soda's are always fresh.
The margaritas look very delicious but I am not sure of taste or quality or even the price because I usually just pop in for lunch but one of these days I will give it a try.
I was at Garcia's last Saturday and they had a special of two cheese enchilada's with rice and beans for $6.99.
Are you kidding me ?
That's an amazing price.
Service is always prompt.
They are happy to see you and serve you.
In closing, I am not saying its the best mexican food in Phoenix but Garcia's offers the best service and price in town at least at this location.

Good food.
Good prices

Haven't been to a Garcia's in some time so wasn't sure what to expect but was pleasantly surprised.
This Garcia's is a fairly large place and the interior is very nice.
We were seated immediately and the waiter and salsa and chips were there quickly and our drink order taken.
The chips were very large and warm.
The salsa was mild but the bean dip that they also brought was much spicier (good first impression with large warm chips and bean dip along with salsa!).
I ordered a two item lunch with a sour cream chicken enchilada and a red chili colorado burrito.
I thought both were very good.
They were large and the plate had lots of refried beans and a scoop of rice (I am not much into rice so glad it didn't overwhelm the plate like in some places).
My wife had the cheese enchillada and tostado which she liked quite a bit as well.
The waiter was attentive with the drinks and extra salsa (and I did like the way they gave us both a serving of salsa rather than having to dip from one dish).
The only reason for not giving the place a 5 star is just the lack of alternative meats as in prevalent here in Phoenix such as adobada, machaca, barbacoa, carnitas, etc.
I know they have stores in California as well and that is all most restaurants there serve is the chicken, ground beef, and shredded beef.
Other than that though, we enjoyed it and will return.

Had a great meal last night.
My bf's steak burrito was dry, but it's got a good flavor.
Mine was delicious.
We're definitely coming back to this restaurant.

The waitress couldn't even do her job.
of food was horrible.. lets say we wont be back.

The waiter I had couldn't even crack smile or even come by my table.
If he did come by it was once every 15 minutes.
Food is always good here service sucks all the time.
Also u may want to dust your big picture in your dinning area dust bunnies all over it.

Meet up with some friends Sat night to have some dinner before I painted the town red, we all had decided on going to Garcia's, meet up time was 7pm, and were a group of 10 or more, and we didn't have wait long to be seated, which was nice.
I wanted to try something different this time, I normally do burritos or beef tacos, but I am trying to eat just a little bit healthier and lose some weight, so I decided to try the Grilled Fish Tacos  I told our waiter what I wanted, and on the menu it says your choice of beans, refried, churro, or black, our waiter didn't even ask, and to be honest I am ok with whatever showed up on my plate.
Now the menu description was Two corn tortillas with grilled tilapia, tomatillo mayonnaise, shredded cabbage, pico de gallo, and cilantro.
Served with a side of salsa de piña,  that right their got me craving the salsa of pina, which in my white girl head flipped it to pineapple salsa, man doesn't that sound delish and I was so sure that it would go so well with grilled tilapia, like how mango salsa is grilled chickens best friend.
But guess what, I couldn't tell you, it never showed up, the one thing I was looking for and it didn't show up, was super bummed.
The type beans I wound up were charro, like I said I was easy going on that part.
The grilled talapia lacked flavor too, it was sort of bland.
I understand that it was a Sat night and we were a big group and the place was busy, but I had to flag out waiter down to even ask for our checks, he just kept disappearing, and wasn't very attentive, never once asked any of us if our meals were ok, just sort of gave us our plates and left and just ignored our table, so I never even got the chance to ask for the salsa de pina.
Saw his tip was already included on the bill since we were a big party, which I expected, but I just don't like when the tip is already added and the server didn't really do anything to earn it, but its part of the going out and eating beast, sometimes service is spot on or better and sometimes we get treated like the red headed step child.
One of my friends even had food fall of the plate down her back when he was picking up our plates and never once did he say sorry.
Wouldn't blame her if she didn't want to go back.

Of the five local area Mexian resturants I frequent, Garcia's would be my favorite.
I usually have the MAGNIFICO SAMPLER, and always enjoy it.
The beans always taste fresh.
In some other plpaces, they often taste canned, but not here.
The food was just spicy enough.
I admit it, I am a whimp whenit comes to spicy food.
I do not like HOT stuff.
I prefer just a little tang with my meal.
And Garcia's always gets it right.

The Coco Motion Margarita is Sooooo GOOOOD!

I LOVE THIS PLACE!
Chocolate chimi for dessert...need I say more?
Try anything, everything is awesome...  EAT.
HERE.
NOW.

Trying the Ultimate Burrito w/ Green Sauce

So I went out to dinner with my neighbor and our kids.
I was iffy about this place all together because I usually go to the original Garcia's on 35th ave in Encanto.
Well, when we first got there, they sat us close to a whole bunch of people..
I'm sure that restaurant is bigger and they can spread us out a bit.. We gave him our order and what not and they brought the food back pretty fast.
When I received my chimichanga enchilada style, they gave me like a teaspoon of sour cream and very little rice (which is my favorite :( ..) I'm used to restaurants giving a good heaping serving.
Well not even halfway through my meal, I asked the man if he could give me a little more because they didn't give me much the first time.
When I received my bill, he ended up charging me for more sour cream.
I tried explaining to him that he gave me a tiny bit in the first place.
He told me he needed to speak to his manager about it..
I'm like really dude, for some sour cream?
Well he ended up taking 50 cents off the bill..
Seriously........50 cents?
Would it really hurt the restaurant to give me more sour cream?
This isn't a big issue because the food was okay..
The customer service just sucked and I won't be going back..

Not horrible not good ... Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but 0 for 5 on attempts.

Food was good.
Service was average.
Loved the bean dip they bring with the chips and salsa in the beginning.
The chimichanga with green sauce is my favorite.
The music from the bar is very loud and makes it difficult to enjoy your meal.
If you don't want to feel like your in a live concert then do not go to this restaurant after 6pm.

For "Girls Night Out" I chose Garcia's.
I called a week in advance to set up reservations for 10.
When the night came, there was no reserved table for us.
The food tasted OK but nothing to write home to mom about.
Service was mediocre and our waiter didn't understand a word we said.
Oh well.

I have been a regular at Garcia's for years and the food is always hot and delicious.
The service is always good and the people are very friendly, and the price is very reasonable.
The chips are hot and crispy and the hot sauce is always flavourable and has some heat to it, I don't know about the salsa 'cause salsa is for wimps, haha.
Seriously this Garcia's is the place to get good Mexican food in the Metro Center area.
And don't forget the chocolate Chimmis, what a way to end a meal.

This is hands down the BEST mexican food place in the USA you will Love it I promise you.
Let's start with the chips and salsa always fresh and they also have beans that are stirred to perfection.
The best drinks you have to try the margaritas they are mouth watering.
The best array of dishes you will enjoy.
I recommend the tamales they are so good.

An average Mexican restaurant all things considered.
Food quality was not that great, service was pleasant, order takes too long too come even if its not a busy time.
Valle Luna up the street on Bell seems like a better alternative and is in the same price range.

Decided to try Garcia's restaurant based upon other reviews.
Upon entering I decided to sit at the bar which was quite large however I was the only person sitting there which seemed a bit odd.
The bartender was friendly enough however there seemed to be a lot of staff just milling around doing nothing.
After ordering a Sol I placed my order to have the Carnitas tacos served without onions.
Chips, salsa and a bean dip were served prior to the meal coming out.
The  salsa was amazing and some of the freshest I've had but the bean dip just basically tasted like refried beans.
The Carnitas tacos came out and looked nice on the plate however the plate felt like it was about 150° which likely means it was flash heated to melt cheese.
The result was the rice was dried out and the tacos were lacking any real flavor.

Good food, crap service.
We were ignored and treated like our money didn't matter!
Once they saw a credit card they decided to smile.
Haha, no thanks.
I've been coming to this place for years and it's just been slowly going downhill.

