Nice people.
Very friendly with a smile.
The lot it's in is a little unassuming considering it's behind a gate (in a very industrial area, near Deer Valley Airport) but they came and picked me up from my work and took me back and I was in my rental in what seemed like 2 seconds.
I would use the location again.

This Enterprise location is pretty good.
It's small, and the selection is scarce, but when you reserve ahead, they should have what you request.
That didn't happen for us, though.
We reserved a compact car in March for our week-long road trip Phoenix to LA to San Francisco (via Hwy 1) to LA (via I-5) to Phoenix.
The renter ahead of us got the last compact vehicle (a Toyota Yaris that we later saw her struggling to fit her bicycle in), so they offered us a few alternatives.
At no extra cost, a Chrysler 200 or a Ford Edge; or, for $10 more per day, a Nissan Altima.
We wanted a small car for the gas mileage benefit, but the agent assured us that the Edge also got decent mileage with it's EcoBoost engine.
So, for the added space and comfort, we chose the Edge.
On the return of our trip, check-in was quick and the agent was just as nice as before.
We rented another car a few weeks ago for a weekend trip to LA and we experienced the same type of service as the first, so I'm confident that this location is consistent with regards to their service.
One tip, though, for any rental.
If you reserve several weeks in advance, continue to check the rates.
My initial quote 3 weeks in advance was $140 for an intermediate sized car.
After changing the reservation a couple times over the 3 weeks, the final quote was around $87 for a full size car (2 classes higher than the initial).

Poor and inconsistent service.
Rates are high with requirements other rental companies dont have not to mention it was like they were doing me a favor for me to spend 600 bucks with them.
Don't even try to rent if you use a debit card need everything from references, utility statements and first born.
Recommend checking other rental agencies that appreciate return customers and more than likely have better rates.

