I first heard about this place from the first owner of my Land Cruiser.
By "heard" I mean he left a brake pads box stuffed full of parts receipts from BAP with the truck.
Then recently, we needed a part of our newly acquired 69 VW beetle.
NAPA didn't have it, and the guy recommended we check out BAP.
The store itself is pretty basic.
It is just a big room with aisles of stuff -- no fancy displays, no neon (I'm looking at you, AutoZone) -- and I'm totally OK with that.
I approached the parts counter and told the guy what I needed.
He was kind of surly and dismissive (thus, BAP gets docked a star), and told me I had the wrong part number.
However, he knew this without even looking on the computer, which to me, means he knows way more than the monkeys who work at most parts places.
They had all we needed in stock, and at a fair price.
I was shocked that they didn't have to order any of it, or get it from another store.
We have since gone back, with the same result.
If you have an older foreign vehicle, skip the stealership.
Buy the parts you need at BAP, and take them to a trustworthy independent mechanic.

i bought a fuel pump for a BMW and the pump was defective,.And to try to get this warrantied  was a real  joy, not only was I harassed, I was basicly  called an idiot they implied that the gas was old and varnished ,when car gets driven every day, and that I installed the new fuel pump in a gas tank with bad gas, which caused it to go out immediatly have been working professionaly on cars for over 27 year and I'm ASE certified Master Tech L1.Book time on this pump 2.7 hours do you think that I would want to do this again for free?
Bap your customer service sucks.

do not buy parts from this company, they sell defective parts, claim you were wrong and refuse to refund the money.
they lie, have bad attitude and non existant customer service, and when you call corporate @602-570-4308 they give you the same bad attitude.
i will never set foot into this company again, is no wonder they are closing stores, o'reilly, autozone have 100% better customer service.
do yourself a favor stay away from this crooks.

