Dish service worker came out today to install the wiring for another room we wanted set up.
He was quick fast friendly and made us super happy.
He even helped us with the wiring of our TV that was all tangled.
We have been happy with Dish so far.
Had them for almost a year now.
We had reservations from switching from the leading cable company but after a month of use it is doubtful we would ever switch from Dish.

Not only are the strings attached enough to hang yourself with, but the customer service was the worst I've experienced.
They literally hung up on me when I said I wasn't interested at that price.
Free hopper?
Nope- it's cost you a monthly fee for every room.
Free iPad?
Kind of... To receive the iPad you are not eligible for the low rates on the channels- however, you are not eligible for the regular rates they post either....   Top 200 channels 12 mo deal: 39.99/mo Top 200 channels: Regular price 64.99/mo (doesn't exist!!!
) Top 200 channels w/iPad 83.99/mo!
Guess how much they want for HBO/Shotime?...
$29/mo!!!!
Cox sucks too.
I miss TWC and Fios from back east!

These guys are crooks and the only thing they know how to do is to cheat people.
We were quoted a price when we set up service to find that the price we were quoted is not what they were charging us.
They tried charging us more and refused to do anything about it.
They said all they could do was let us out of our contract.
That was after 2 hours on the phone speaking with people who wouldn't even let you talk and everything they said, they read it from a screen.
I repeated myself at least 10 times and they still didn't get it.
Then we spoke with Gerry from the complaint department, and she hung up on us.
These guys have no clue what customer service is.
They only know how to cheat people.
They would rather give themselves a bad name, and lose customers than to make things right.
Save yourself the headache and time and go somewhere else.
They make it seem like peaches from the get go...until you get your first bill and you are being charged much more.

