I forgot they built a bunch of FF places along Deer Valley Rd over the last several years, until my bro Daren C reminded me (shout out).
I've been making the rounds to various area Arby's using the shit out of the free BBQ Bacon Cheddar Roastburger (arbys.com/coupon and today's the last day!
)  I thought I'd try out another store to avoid wearing out my welcome on Bell Rd., and I'm glad I did.
This is a clean, efficient operation.
The building's pretty new, with a large dining area full of a variety of walled areas and nooks and crannies, giving many of the tables a private feel.
There's even a big atrium window, and a real, live 15' or so ficus tree growing indoors out of the floor in the dining area.
Great atmosphere for this kind of place.
The service was quick and friendly.
I could tell that the young guy at the counter thought the manager barking orders was being a dick, but he took it in stride, smiling and saying "yes, sir" the whole time.
"richard" the manager was only doing what it takes to keep a FF store running smoothly, though, and young guy will someday get a job selling cars or something, and look back thankfully on all 'richard' taught him about  upselling and add-ons, smiling and being friendly.
Bad on Arby's for getting rid of regular french fries, though, as they now only have curly or potato cakes (which are great, but i always appreciate variety).
btw BBQ Bacon Cheddar Roastburger kicks butt.

Mike, the manager of this location, is great.
He really cares about the quality of his operation and the service delivered.
Yes, it is still fast food.
But the little things really make a difference when comparing mass-produced food experiences like fast food, and, on that score, this particular Arby's is a winner.
Clean as a whistle and you get treated like a human being and not just a number.
Expect to be greeted warmly and to get your food promptly.
Mike makes a real difference because he takes his job seriously and trains his staff accordingly.
Ring the bell on the way out if you enjoyed your experience - and get a chorus of Thank Yous!
from the staff for your trouble.
Highly recommended.

Bob's review nailed it.
Service 5 stars, they had my food ready before my drink was filled.
Now that sounds like a bad thing... right?
NOPE  Fresh as can be.
The frys were hot, the bread was soft and the beef was not rubber.
Great place to eat.

Its Arby's.
Not quite sure if it warrants a review.
Cause if your old enough to read and understand this, you probably have shoved quite a bit of Arby sandwiches down your throat.
If you haven't but you can read and understand this.
Then your probably new to this country.
In that case welcome to the USA!
And try the roast beef french dip or market fresh sandwiches at Arby's.
Its some pretty good fast food.

Great for a quick RB fix.
They get at least one item wrong 1 out of 5 visits in drive-thru.
Leo Getz was right.

Fast food + chain.
What's not to dislike.

Arby's has stepped up their game.
Chain haters need not apply, you bore me.
I usually get the Turkey Sandwich with the spicy mustard, lettuce, tomatoes and onions along with those yummy curly fries.
But the belle of the ball is the recently introduced Double Reuben Sandwich which is garnished with the traditional fixings of sauerkraut and thousand island dressing.
This sandwich is head and shoulders above any of the local NY deli spots in the area.
The meaty Reuben combo will set you back about $9.61.
The manager is always there making sure that all the customers are happy.
My only gripe is the constant up-selling by the cashiers.
I love going here to read my paper and chill.
There's plenty of elbow room and a bell to ring when you walk out the door if you want to voice your satisfaction with the food and service.
I don't ring the bell, I just UFC.

Ugh, I hadn't been to an Arby's in "forever" and now I remember why.
Skimpy meat portions, over-salted and dry meat, and just "blah" all around.
Sure, it's fast and the service was friendly.
It's expensive for what you get, which isn't much.

If you're under 50, or older with a poor memory, you likely don't know that in the early 1970s Arby's was known as "Arby's Real Roast Beef", and it was real.
The 'real" part was actually on the bottom of their outdoor sign, and perhaps even underlined.
You won't find ANY reference to this under their Wikipedia "history" page - strange?
Back then, the restaurants intentionally placed their slicer containing a huge chunk of genuine roast beef where everyone could see it.
Their sandwiches were, as you would guess, superb.
I can't remember exactly when the chain made the 'conversion' to pressed and formed imitation roast beef, but the current product is nothing more than a poor man's lunch meat ala Subway.
Several years ago, it occurred to me to ask a store manager why they had stopped selling genuine roast beef and he gave me some fairy tale story about a shortage of "quality" beef.
I do on rare occasion fool myself into buying one of their "roast beef" sandwiches, but more than one visit every few years reminds you of why you stopped eating them.
The dead-gray flaps of "roast beef" under the bun are quite unappetizing, so it goes down a little easier if you don't look.
I couldn't - in good conscience  - recommend eating these faux roast beef sandwiches to anyone.
It is a shame some entrepreneur hasn't opened a chain of restaurants replicating the real roast beef sandwiches of back when.
I would pay $6 - $7 for the real thing.
But I can still choke down one of the current Arby's offerings - about once every Leap Year.

Quick, tasty, and friendly.
We had for lunch today and was impressed.
Will be back for sure :)

