Excellent customer service.
Attention to detail is second to none.
My last mechanic was flaky, inconsistent and would often miss things while under the hood.
I feel as though I am treated very fair at this place.
I bring all 3 of my vehicles here.
They are thorough and get right to it.
I told my family about it; now they all come here.

Very happy with service.
Very knowledgeable, same day service on my transmission.
Excellent  customer service , Tom is the person I talked  to, very nice guy.

Randy and Tom and the crew have helped us stay safely on the road.
This shop is honest and will help you figure out what is a "have to have" and what can wait!
No games, no gimmicks and as a woman customer I have always felt respected!
215,000 and 350,000 miles on our Trucks  and still going strong thanks to National Automotive Repair.

I have been going to National Auto for a couple of years now and have always had great service.
Randy and Tom always explain everything clearly and concisely.
Their prices are very reasonable and I trust them.
I have been to several auto repair shops in the past and I always feel like they tack on unneeded services to my car.
This has never happened at National.
They will also tell me the priority items that need repair on my car - instead of just giving me a long list and telling me I need to get everything done.
I feel very confident in recommending National Automotive Repair.

Guys were honest, nice and super fast.
Great place!

We have been using National Automotive Repair for about 5 years.
They are very honest and trustworthy and have a great work ethic.
I highly recommend them.
Thank you to Randy and his team for taking such great care of our cars.
Randall and Christine S.

I started doing business with Randy in 2002 and have never needed to look for another garage sense.
National has always supplied honest, reliable, and fairly priced service.
They have taken care of everything from my sports cars, SUV, motor home, family cars, and one of my most prized possessions, my custom 1951 Chevy Bel-Air show car.
Thanks to Randy and his staff for the incredible service they have provided over the last 11 years.
Bill Terbot

When you need a vehicle repaired TRUST & HONESTY is important.
I met Randy years ago after getting a quote to fix the Volkswagen I owned at the time because it failed omissions and the original place I brought it to wanted $1,500.00 to get so it would pass inspection.
At the time I didn't have the money.
I heard about NAR at a business meeting I attended and thought I would bring my car to them and see if they could do the repair for less.
Randy called me later the same day and said he could definitely  get the car to pass inspection and all it would cost is the price of a fuel filter which would be around $9.99.
I was so skeptical thinking no way was the other place wanting $1,500.00 and he only wanted $9.99.
I mean the other place is where my dad had taken his car for years.
They couldn't possibly be that far off the price of getting it back on the road or ripping me off that bad.
To make a long story short I picked up the car from National Automotive brought it to get inspection and IT PASSED !!!!!
I've been bringing my cars there ever since and that incident must have been 20 -25 years ago.
CONCLUSION: Randy the owner is honest, trustworthy, ethical and detail oriented.
The service provided there is excellent and I highly recommend them.
******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?
******************** 5 stars -Highly recommended.
I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business.
It is that good.
This place represents their industry or cuisine very well!
4 stars - Highly Recommended.
I would frequent this business.
3 stars - Not that good but not that bad.
Just average.
2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family.
1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business.
I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too!
DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH

Honest, reliable experts who care about you!
I've had regular maintenance, emergency repairs and a couple of free services and I leave impressed every time.

I recently took my car to National for a check engine light issue.
I was on a tight timeline due to the fact that I needed to pass emissions and register my vehicle.
They replaced my computer and took my vehicle through emissions to guarantee that there were no issues.
I am thrilled that they completed my work on time and for a great price.
I will definitely return again.

