Ah, another day, another new buffet!
:-))  So Here's "Golden Nugget Chinese Buffet".
It's beyond scary from the front, so I put off eating here for nearly a year, but today was the day to fight off several temptations & finally give it a try.
It's a small place, seating 36 inside plus some shaded patio tables out front.
Temptation #1 was that I had to drive past Best Wok Buffet at 51st Av.
& McDowell to get to this place.
Now Best Wok (* * *) is no Zen/Jen, but it's practically free at $4.25 & you just can't go wrong for the price.
(I eat there all the time.
)  Temptations #2 & 3 are that there is the big "New China Buffet", nearly 4-Stars, right across the street, & also 4-Star Sizzler (Buffet), right over there, too.
Then there's THIS place!
Eek!!
Is it too late to change my mind?¿?
:-O  Ok, I stayed.
Here it is...
The EXCELLENT:  *  The Egg Foo Young!
(Amazing!!
) *  The Pork Fried Rice!
The VERY GOOD:  *  The Chicken Chop Suey!
*  The Chow Mein!
*  The Sweet & Sour Shrimp!
*  The Fried Chicken!
(Not wings, but tasty little filets cut from thighs!
)  The NOT-SO-GOOD:  *  Mr. China, the unfriendly host.
*  The small selection of only 16 items... no fruit or salad.
*  The inescapable glary light coming in from outside.
Lunch Buffet $5.77.

Goldent Nugget has a name that mashed together the names of two of the raunchiest pornographic magazines in mass publication, so I really expected very little from them.
It was a surprising visit, though, with fresh food and a super low cost.
It is sad to see the other review judging this place against the other "super buffets" nearby.
It's truly an apples to orange popsicles comparison.
If you want to go to the giant place with crab legs and junk for $12.99, go ahead.
If you want the kind of buffet you got in 1981, this is the place to get it, for a 1981 style price, too.
Does this menu sound familiar?
fried chicken, sweet&sour pork, egg foo young, pork fried rice, egg rolls, beef&broccoli, sweet&sour chicken, jello, pineapple, hot tea, get the idea?
The thing is, that even early sunday afternoon, this little old school hold-out was hopping with business when the other two giant buffets nearby were full of screaming kids and gluttons piling crab legs six inches high on their plates as if they don't know they're allowed to go back for more.
Golden Nugget staying so busy means a lot.
There are many regular customers coming back.
The food rotates quickly and stays fresh.
Sure, the prompt, no-frills service from the host/cashier/server/owner/?
guy borders on downright surly.
However you do not bother setting foot in a place that looks like this if you need 5 star service.
The food was REALLY GOOD.
There was a more authentic seeming dish made with chicken and spinach in a garlic sauce that was more super than anything in the super buffets multiple steam tables of repetitive dishes.
I just wish I would have gotten the number of the doctor that advertises making house calls, posted on the wall here at Golden Nugget.
Not really a good sign to see this sign....but hey, I have a few bucks I saved since I didn't go to the super buffet.
The people getting take out buffet reallly got their moeny's worth, too, since the lady dishing out the food REALLY piles in as much as she can fit.
[cash only]

Spurred on by my friend Ryan C.'s  review, I decided to give this buffet a try today.
I didn't expect much, especially since I came in at 2 PM.
My first glance of the inside of the place made me immediately wonder whether I should immediately leave and eat somewhere else - after all, there's a Los Reyes de la Torta down the street - or take a chance and stay; I decided to do the latter.
As you can see from the pics I posted, it's definitely not a fancy place.
In fact, it's quite the opposite of a glitzy and spacious super buffet: small, cramped dining area, limited menu with some dishes that did not look very appealing, and only one soup (egg drop, natch).
But whereas some super buffets have a large array of attractive-looking but often bland menu items, the food items in this place, in spite of their somewhat unappealing appearance, are fresh and good-tasting!
What a surprise!
My friend Ryan was right.
In all, I had a really satisfying meal here and learned that sometimes you really can't judge a place (or its food) by appearances alone.

