May Garden has got to be one of the best Chinese restaurants.
I used to live near the May Garden in North Phoenix, and I loved it.
I used to eat there regularly, then one day it closed :(    I could not believe it.
It was just gone.
For years I was upset..........then one day I saw that there was 2 locations, and only 1 closed.
I knew I had to go!
The unfortunate thing was I had moved to California, so stopping for lunch was kind of out of the question.
So, on my last visit to Phoenix, I stopped by the other location.
It was just as good, if not better.
Do not get the buffet (not that it's bad), but instead order from the menu.
The chicken fried rice is really to die for as well as the egg rolls and crab puffs.
You will be in heaven!
Even though you are in the middle of Maryvale/Westridge area.
Its really worth the risk of getting shot.

I wish I had talked Zoe into Siu Wok... Ugh.
Ok, this place is cheap.
That's always a plus.
We wanted take-out from the buffet.
You get a card (kinda like at Chino Bandito) and mark what you want from the buffet.
Hostess takes card to the buffet and fills your take-out box.
Ok, here is where she actually GETS stars.
My box was full.
Overloaded.
Always a plus, as Chinese take-out is always good the next day.
Lo Mein, sesame chicken, egg roll (she gave me 2!
), beef with broccoli, some shrimp thing and BBQ pork ribs.
8.18 with tax for what has turned out (so far) to be 4 meals.
There is a complete lack of flavor for most of the dishes.
The only one that actually HAD flavor was the ribs.
The rest?
MEH.
I never use "meh," but in this case, it works.
There was only one packet of soy sauce in the bag.
No sweet and sour for my egg rolls.
The lo mein?
No flavor.
Shrimp thing?
Actually had shrimp in it, but, still, no flavor.
I'm a bit pissed, because I had a real craving for Chinese food.
What I really got was Grandma making Chinese that Gramps could eat without feeling it the next day.
Me, I'm not feeling this place at ALL.
The only thing that got them stars was the size of the take-out portion and the price.
MEH.

Wow, no recession at this busy place when I arrived for lunch on a Wednesday!
They had a smallish selection of 26 main items (not counting salad dressing, for instance) out, but the dining room is nice, with new looking booths & tables & an appealing vibe (feng shui?
) about it.
The friendly chef/owner was out making sure everything was perky on the serving line as I dipped into the Hot & Sour Soup (which had meat in it, & it was great!).
Some of the other food:  Onion rings?...
Better than Ted's!
Chop Suey?...
The best this side of China!
(Yes, they have Chop Suey in China!
Where did you eat when you went to Guangdong, McDonald's?¿?
)  Put some of the fried noodles under your Chop Suey if you like, & it becomes delicious Chow Mein!
Then their was some kind of round thing...  Yum!
Lunch is $6.25.

What an intriguing establishment: a detached building with no windows whatsoever, and only the door (with grill) on the side prevents it from looking like the place is hermetically sealed.
Definitely not a place for claustrophobic people.
Lots of cars in the parking lot when I came in (around 1:30 pm on a Thursday), but few people were in the dining area; most were near the front cashier area, waiting for their takeout.
As I was going around the buffet area, it became clear why takeout is so popular here: the staff was busy OVERloading the takeout  boxes with food.
A really generous amount of food for the money, indeed!
I tried most of the items, except for the salad and the fried chicken.
I love fried chicken except for the thigh part, and their fried chicken was all thighs.
The chop suey was really good, considering that the ingredients were minimal.
The sweet and sour pork was good too; I saw the cook assemble the newly-fried pork and the sauce in the tray, instead of bringing in already-mixed stuff.
Rand raved about the onion rings, so I had to try them ... and he was right, they are what I wish onion rings would be like in all places that serve onion rings.
The sesame chicken and orange chicken were very tasty but on the overcooked and dry side.
Nothing exceptional about the rest of the dishes.
And while the fried rice was OK -- not good, just OK ...
I got too used to the fantastic fried rice of Asian Cafe Express.
I would have preferred white rice (which they didn't offer), since there was more than enough oil in the rest of the dishes already.
I left the establishment satisfied but not thrilled, and somewhat relieved to be able to see again what the outside looks like.
Not that it's the prettiest area to look at, but still, a few windows to let light into the building would have been nice.

This is the first time I have eaten in.
Previously I had some else pick me up take out.
AT $6.25 for lunch it is an excellent value.
At $6.55 for take out lunch it is even more of a value.
Picture mashing down on your suitcase to get the lid to close and you will have an idea of how much food you get in your take out box, they actually do mound it up and then force the lid down.
Two hungry adults would do well to finish it.
I was in a vegetable mood so I started off with salad (fresh iceburg with dressing) a slightly spicy cole slaw, jello and a bowl of egg drop soup.
I had a variety of meats and vegetables on my next two trips.
Nothing really stood out and several items seemed overcooked although nothing was bad enough I left any on my plate.
My favorites were the orange chicken, beef with broccoli and the egg roll.
Dessert is vanilla soft serve, with or without Hersheys syrup.
The place is kept clean.
It wasn't too busy in the dining room but there was also a steady stream of take out customers.
They kept drinks full and plates cleared pretty quick.
The parking lot was over 1/2 full when I left just before noon.
This place has a steady following of customers.

Wow, it's been 14 months since I've been to this excellent, roaring busy place.
Shame on me!
Here's an update:  May Garden here has a small (for a Chinese Buffet) selection, but they make up for it by the food being REALLY GOOD!
This time, I counted up 27 choices, plus sauces & dressings.
Some of the features of this place:  *  The food items are actually properly labeled!
*  Some of the best Hot & Sour Soup in town!
*  Some of the best Pork Fried Rice in town!
*  Some of the best Chicken Chop Suey in town!
(YES, they have Chop Suey in China!
)  *  Some of the best Sweet & Sour Pork in town.
(Hey Iain!
)  *  Plenty of other tasty treats here, too...  Chinese Meatballs, Ginger Chicken, & more!
*  They have BEER!
Let's see what else...
It's a clean restaurant, the staff is friendly, they keep fresh food coming out & don't let the trays go empty, the seating is your choice of a comfortable booths, or a table if you like.
Also, the acoustics are great & there is uniform just-right lighting throughout the mid-sized dining room.
It's only $6.35 too.
The only shortcoming is that we're spoiled by the vast food selection at the super buffets...  but then again, you can only eat so much.
Excellent place here!
:-))

Ate here and got extremely sick from food poisoning for 2 days.
I have tried several chinese restaurants and buffets that are good in Phoenix, but this was just awful.
I will never go back to this one after it made me sick like that.

I gotta say, as far as Chinese Buffet's go, this is by far my favorite, and has been since I was a kid!
I love their food, and it's always clean and busy.
It's a small place, but they have a large selection, and keep the food fresh.
NO ONE has Chow Mien as good as May Garden's!
I love it here, and whenever I'm in town and can convince the family to do Chinese, this is my place!

= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =   It's taken two years to circle back around to this Buffet, but I'm pleased to report that it remains mostly the same as it was in my previous Update below.
I was joined for lunch here today by Mike C.  On the PLUS SIDE:  *  The food items are actually properly labeled!
*  Good, somewhat unusual tasting Hot & Sour Soup!
*  Great Pork Fried Rice!
*  Rather good salad for a Chinese Buffet with a mix of various chopped veggies & herbs to add to it, as well as three dressing choices including excellent Ranch!
*  Chicken Chop Suey!
I like it, & it's unusual at the Chinese Buffets around the Valley here.
(YES, they have Chop Suey in China by the way.
I've been there!
)  *  Tasty Chinese (Beef) Meatballs in a sauce with onion, bell pepper & tomato quarters.
*  Plenty of other treats to enjoy here, too.
You won't leave hungry!
*  They have BEER!
*  Friendly staff & good table service!
*  Serving trays kept full & everything the right temperature.
*  EXCELLENT acoustics & lighting in the windowless dining room make this a very comfortable place to eat.
(Yes, the booth seats are lower that some of us are used to relative to table height, but if you eat with chop sticks (available on request) they're just right.
(If that's not to your liking, sit at a table and chairs!
)  *  Very good value at $6.35 for Lunch Buffet.
= = = = = =  Ok, yes, there were a few NEGATIVES:  *  Lots of graffiti in the bathroom.
*  The Egg Flower Soup had nice mushroom slices in it, but the overall taste was blah.
*  The fried chicken wasn't that great.
*  Weird, hockey puck Egg Foo Young, with weird gravy to put on it.
:-O  *  Only 25 food items.
= = = = = =  All in all?
You're going to get plenty of good food to eat here in a comfortable atmosphere & not pay very much., so I say they've earned 4 Stars again!
:-))

I dined-in here quite a few times as a child (and liked it) but now and days, my family hits this place up for take out.
I really like the food here and I like the portions.
It's a good place to go when you want leftovers to eat for later.
I have never gotten take out here and eaten the entire thing in one sitting.
Good place to get some lunch, and then just eat the rest for dinner.
I am a big fan.

A friend recommended this place.
I don't get it.
It's one-dimensional, overcooked, and just blah.
Two stars because they don't overcharge, but really, if the price was one measley dollar more, I'd give it only one star, as that is what the food, dining area, and restrooms merit.
There are few selections, and really, everything tastes the same.
ALL the sauces are cloyingly sweet, and ONLY sweet.
There are no subtle flavors like good Chinese food offers.
The ONLY dish with vegetables was the beef with broccoli.
(Sure, there were a few shards of carrot and celery in the lo mein, but really, there were no vegetables in any of the other dishes.
) Two choices of soup, fried rice only.
The fried zucchini and the onion rings were both soggy messes.
(Umm, tell the cook to not overcrowd the pan.
He's reducing the temperature of the oil by overcrowding the pan, with the result being mushy batter instead of crispy.
) The salad is iceburg lettuce and slices of underripe tomatoes.
The desert choices are soft serve ice cream and red Jell-O.
Oh, use the restroom somewhere else.
No seat covers, tons of grafitti, mirrors so scratched up that you can't see yourself.
The man behind the counter who took my credit card was super-friendly, but the waitress who brought my water didn't utter one word, nor even offer a smile.
You know, if you are happy with Americanized slop that is overcooked (DRY, bone dry!
), with no ambience whatsoever, then hey, give this place a try, but it sure didn't turn out to be my cup o' tea.

The price is really great.
The buffet does not have much of a selection but the things that are there are good.
Overall I would get the food again.
The lack of stars is because the cleanliness of the restaurant.
There was trash on the floor.
Also, something that really bothered me for some reason is that they taped paper all over the window on the door to the kitchen like they really did not want anyone seeing back there.
I dont know i never look into those windows but the fact that it was covered made me want to...

Dinner Buffet is $8.00 plus $1.25 for Drink Small selection, but a strong case of quality over quantity here..!
Great service, right as I entered..
Although it took me a couple times to find the door with this building.

