I've been coming here since 1988 and I've always been very happy with the food.
This is primarily a lunch Establishment with the best food, prices, and quality service in the Valley.
This is the only place that I know of where you still can get a lunch that fills you up for a mere $5.
The dinner menu is more or less identical to the lunch menu with bigger portions and an average of $1.50 more for each dish.
The quality of food between the two different locations (Baseline and Central) are of the same caliber.
You simply can't beat the combination of great tasting food, filling portions, and affordable price!
This food is on par with both Pei Wei and P.F.
Chang's except for the fact that it is far cheaper!

This is the place to go if you want cheap, fast Chinese food.
If you have a difficult time figuring what you want to get or what the meal looks like, their walls are filled with pictures of the food.
It's super easy to order, fast and convenient.
Nothing is over $10 here!

this is my favorite chinese place to go so far.
its cheap, local, and the food is awesome but its a regular old restaraunt.
my favorite is the restaraunts special: a big ass plate of pork, chicken, and shrimp with carrots, water chestnuts, and some other vegetables that taste gross by themselves but irresistable with this plate.
the order takers are two chinese ladies who are kind of hard to understand but like i say at all restaraunts: take ur time and make sure u know what u want.
everything will go smoothly after that.
what sucks is that theres not alot of drink choices but i like that they have alot of juices for the lil ones if you dont like them drinking soda.
i love az iced tea.
best time to come is lunch when they have all their specials on.
if youre lookin for a chinese restaraunt, dont even thinki twice.
jus go to happy food on 67th ave and thomas.

They have the best sesame chicken I've ever had.
Yeah, there's tons of other good stuff, like the Mongolian beef or vegetable lo mein, but I keep coming back for the same thing almost every time.
Prices are reasonable; you can get a meal for 2 for like $8.
Is it in a crappy part of town?
Oh heavens yes.
But that's how you know it's legit.
Don't wuss out, go out of your way to try a tasty, local restaurant.
Service is really nice, and they get your order out with haste.
I just wish they'd bring back the 80s arcade machines in the dining area.

It had some good reviews so i thought i would check it out.....naaaaaahhhh......wasn't good enough for me...as soon as we were ready to order( since it was 8:35 and they close at 9pm) the lady said " we close at 9" lol....wow.....like do you want business or not!!!!
I could've went somewhere else but since i did have a four loko....i was a little not all there lol...anyway to make story short...you NEVER, NEVER TELL A CUSTOMER WHAT TIME YOU CLOSE ...I was very well aware of that...i understand chinese people have different customs but we're not in CHINA...IT'S AMERICA ( DO YOU WANT YOUR CUSTOMERS TO COME BACK...JESUS!!!
!.....the orange chicken i ordered was nice and crispy but it didnt have that orange spicy kick to it, i asked for brown rice and got white.....another disappointment.
I wont b back...

Very good food.
Perhaps not the best place to eat in doors but good take out food.
I would give it a 5 but not the best customer service or ease to order.
When you walk in you will see the menu displayed on the wall and each item is numbered.
So one assumes that the number correspond to that plate.
Well it doesn't.
Other than that and food itself is very good, and the portions are big.
Price is right.

I have had chinese, and then I'VE HAD CHINESE!
This was great food!
Best food is the fried rice.
No,..its not some fancy restaurant, but its the best.
I always call our order in on my way home from work and in 10 minutes its hot and ready to take home.
This is good food and I would recommend it to anyone!

Food is good, customer service is horrible, they all have attitudes especially this older really thin lady

Best Chinese food ever!
If you can get over the authentic Chinese customer service and forget the fact it is not 5 star - you will love love love the food!
Been coming here for 25+ years and I drive 15 miles just for it!
Best egg rolls and Cashew Chicken!
Mmmmm!

