Went to sonic today for lunch, the food was fast and accurate and who doesn't love the tator tots at sonic?
They are always perfect!!
I also really like that you can add flavors to your sodas, something you don't see very often.
I love cherry and vanilla flavors and always add one to my drink.
(Cherry to sprite today) Overall value is really good, and it satisfied me for lunch.
I was in a bit of a hurry and it was quick, like you would expect!

Went to this sonic for the first time.
I pulled up and pushed the little red button to order.... No one answered.
It took about 5 mins for them to take my order which is understandable because I wasn't the only one who pulled up.
So I ordered a footlong Chili cheese dog with tots and a 44oz cherry coke (my favorite).
The food came out pretty fast.
There were two girls that brought me my food.
I assume the one that actually gave me my food was the trainee.
She was nice and friendly.
So I get back to my hotel room, it's like 30 seconds away from sonic.
And I took a bite of the hot dog.
It seemed like it was not fresh.
But the cherry coke made up for it.
So I gave it 3 stars.

Terrible.
I went half an hour before they were supposed to close.
I pulled up and pushed the button.
Someone came on and rudely said "we're closed!
" So I said, "oh, what time do you guys close?
" And he never answered.
They had just brought out food to the car next to me but wouldn't serve me.
I will not be returning to this location.

In my opinion, I really like this place.
The happy hour slushes are the best.
There's so many to choose from and the prices are 50% off the original pricing.
I think that's just unbeatable.
I love the amount of variety there is.
I mean, honestly, there's so many flavors to choose from.
My favorites would have to be the blue raspberry slush with nerds in them and the Polynesian punch.
They're super good.
I also loved how kind the guy who served us was.
His name was Leo!
Cool guy and he came out with our drinks really quickly.
I went to a Sonic in Tolleson and the girl took like 30 minutes just to come out with two small slushes.. Like what???
Lol.
I definitely favor this one more!
Mmm sonic!
So good!

