Nail salon review, nail tech was Hanah.
Had full set done by her on two occasions.
Ive visited several different salons/nail techs over the years & Hanah did THE BEST set of nails I've ever had.
Consistent & efficient.
Love her, "Honey"!

Store is clean and prices are always awesome.
Lines are ridiculously long in the evenings, so we've just stopped going then.
When we take 5 min to get our food and 20 minutes in line, it's a waste of time.
Also, people using the self-checkout are almost slower than the regular cash registers.
Apparently no one knows how to work the machines and it takes 10x longer.
One guy even left his cart right in front of us after buying two items.
Like right in the line.. left his cart.
Good stuff.
Customer service area sucks.
They are always grumpy.
And forget doing ship-to-store there.
We waited 15 minutes while MULTIPLE workers walked by before someone would help us.
We also pressed the button 2 times to get someone.
The guy doing my oil-change was slow as molasses.
Would literally saunter around, and not tell me what to do.
Do I need to drive my car in?
Do you need my keys?
What different oil choices do I have?
Had to ask it all.
He just didn't care about being there.
Overall we only shop there for the things we know we can get there cheaper, and only in the mornings.

The 3rd star is because they have EVERYTHING.
And you can't beat the prices.
And as far as crowded, budget conscious mega stores, this is definitely on the cleaner side, even with their current renovation project going on.
The dark side...  it IS a very crowded mega store, especially at the later hours.
And as crowded as it gets from 9pm-1am, there's usually only 2 checkers, which makes for LONG lines.
If you can hit this place during a quieter time, earlier mornings or early evenings, then you can get what you need without breaking the bank.

It's a Walmart.
It has everything.
Was clean and nice as I recall.
Was in a giant strip mall with a ton of other places.
What, they think they are a KMart now or something?

I asked the black lady in charge of the housewares about specific item.
She didnt even go with me to look for it or look for in stock.
She just said they are out of it.
Very lazy and unfriendly woman.
Hard to approach.
She should not be working at this place.
Really disappointing experience.

I'm a Walmart fan and I can only say this, the main water fountains at this location was out for several weeks.
It's not necessarily located in a savory part of town, but the prices were the same inside as they would be anywhere else so...
They had some hard working employees also but avoid this one if you can.

