Best pizza on the west side, maybe the valley.
Their old style recipe and cooking process makes for a wonderful pizza experience.
Do not hesitate to visit when near by.

Brother's Pizza has been there for as long as I can remember..
Going back to my high school days where that was a great after school hangout.
I love this pizzeria!
It's a pizzeria with such a strong family and community feel.
It has never changed since the day I first set foot in it almost a decade ago.
They offer a great selection of pizza, beer, wings ect.
Everything is ran like a family business, they truly care about their clientele.
They love their customers so much you can just feel it!
The order taker and staff is always so nice and welcoming.
They make everything the old style and it shows in their pizza!
Thick layers of cheese and toppings the stretches as you take bites of this cheesy goodness!
Brother's Pizza is delicious, that's why it's still standing on the lonely far westside after so many years :) A strong thread of regulars speak louder than reviews :)

This is not a fancy place and it actually looks rather uninviting, but the pizza is excellent -- some of the best New York-style pizza I've had in the Valley.
Their wings are also great, accompanied by a healthy dose of sauce and crispy instead of fatty.
The employees aren't particularly friendly or welcoming, but the place definitely has a vibe similar to a pizza joint I went to in Manhattan: they don't mess around, and that applies to the food.
Not a very cheap place, considering how many pizza places have carry-out, single-topping pizzas for $5 these days, but the quality is significantly better.
Probably a great place to chill with some friends and watch some hoops.

This place is awesome!!!
I love the pizza and the wings!!!!!!!!
I go to Brothers all the time and have never been disappointed.
The price is good.
They have a lunch special and larger specials that can feed a family.
I highly recommend you try this place.
I love it and I know you will too.
Best place for pizza on the West Side in my opinion .

Yeah so the fam and I were looking for a new pizza place and we came upon Brothers Pizza....ummm yeah Im not gonna beat around the bush on this one, DO NOT go here it was the worst pizza ive EVER had in my life, Im not even sure that what I was eating was pizza because it sure didnt taste like it,the wings were just ok but the mild "sauce" was more like mild oil!
As soon as the hubby brought the pizza out to the car I knew there was something wrong because it smelled really wierd..not like pizza smells,The cheese is horrible im not sure if it is cheese or what it was but it didnt taste like cheese and it was like lumpy, gross!
we asked for 1/4 peperoni because the hubby doesnt eat pork and I do so I always get a few pieces with peperoni on it,but they gave us 1/2 peperoni so my hubby couldnt even eat that much.....not that he wanted to anyways!
I will never go back here again and I dont know why any of these other people gave good reviews for this place, they eirther have never had pizza before in their lives or they are on crack....take your pick!

Very friendly staff.
The pepperoni pizza we had was good.
Not great.
It is a great place for bigger parties of eaters and young ones.
Only had the pizza but they have a big menu of sandwiches and wings.
Everybody there was having fun and gobbling down the food.
Had two different tv's on with two different shows and the volume was a little high making it hard to talk above.

I have been going to Brother's Pizza since 1997, every time I walk in I am treated like family.
The old world atmosphere that is always present there just makes it feel like a second home.
Last night a buddy of mine from work came with me to grab a couple slices and a beer, even he said "best pizza I have had since I moved to Arizona".
Our waitress Kyle was very attentive, courteous and polite.
Thank you for making me a lifetime customer!

Bit pricey but it's well worth it.
The pizza is the best you can get outside of New York.
Heesa the owner is very friendly and makes my group feel at home.
The mild wings taste better then the hot, that's the key...MILD are the best.
Again, the pizza is outta this world.
I do have a neg hit, Tiffany the waitress is condescending rag riding beer wench.
Order what you need but don't look her in the eye, you'll turn to stone, and she'll burn your face off with looks of death.
The rest of the staff are awesome, friendly, and they know exactly what you always order.
I LOVE brodders Pete-zer!!!

Best pizza I've had in the valley.
Ordered the Brothers Special Sicilian.
It was so good I went back the following week.
Both times I was there, the place was busy both dine in and take out.
Staff was very friendly.
I'll definitely go back!

The best pizza by far.
Blows out all other chain companies.
Owner is very friendly and goes above to ensure you are satisfied.

This place has great friendly service & the wings,pizza were very good!!
They have plenty room for familys and televisions all around the place.Ice cold draft beer and bottle domestic & import beer too.
Yesterday was my 1st time eating there and i am a definite customer from now on!!
Great job on my serversas well !!
so go on dont take my word for it, go and try it,you'll be back.
Thanks brothers pizza.
Ron H.

Pizza was ok.  Not the best or worst I've had.
Pizza was pretty greasy for me.
Salad was good and their Italian dressing is what did it.
I'd go back.
Probably not for their pizza, but I'd try a sub.

Their pizza is excellent but it is the wings that keep me coming back!
Hot is my go to choice and they are just the right level - hot enough to make folks sweat and so tasty!
The Hoagie special sandwich (toasted) is excellent as well, and we even ordered the 6 footer for my husband's 50th birthday.
The staff is wonderful and friendly and the owner is always quick with a friendly greeting and a smile.
This is our neighborhood place and we go at least once a week without fail!

I give it 4 stars because the pizza is amazing but they can be pretty hit and miss with everything else depending on how busy they are!
The wings are really good but again it all depends on when you're ordering...it seems Fridays and Saturdays are the busiest so order at your own risk!
This place was my go to pizza place when I lived in Phoenix and always order from here when I go back!!!
Everyone is super friendly and the food is great!
Highly recommend!

Love their pizza and wing special.
Can't get enough of that cheezy goodness.
The wings?
Done just right.
Had a chicken parm once; not bad.
Not overly memorable, but jot bad.

Loved it!
Great cheese pizza!
Service is great!
We mistakenly went to the other brothers in town, they are not the same!

Great wings!
Pizza is good, can be alitte flimsy in the middle but other that, good establishment.
Also have good specials and great customer service.

Good deal and delicious pizza.
My only complaint is that it was too hot and fresh, burnt my tongue.

