VCA Northern Animal Hospital takes care of my awesome cats F. Scott and Zelda.
Unfortunately, they needs lots of help and I am starting to feel like the animal hospital is my "Cheers.
"  I literally get a resounding "Hi, Lissa" when I walk in the door.
They take super care of my two cats and Dr. G. is amazing!
They only get a 4 out 5 stars because I am currently going every week (I literally have had a standing appointment for at least two months thanks to my cats unwillingness to heal).
However, they are great, I just want to go back less frequently :)

Finally I found a dog.
It is not a Cockapoo like I have written about, but I did get one.
She is a Scottish Wheaten Terrier Mix and a true love.
She is 8 years old.
I got her from the Humane Society.
I was told that most dogs get kennel cough when you get them from the Humane Society and yes, she did.
I took her for her "free" visit at the VCA and they gave her antibiotics and cough tablets and true, it was for free.
If you have read my past posts on my last dog who passed away and Banfield, you will know what I'm talking about.
Anyway, I just took her back yesterday for her booster shot and again, they didn't even charge me for the office visit.
They are the nicest people there and everyone is so happy.
The technicians are great and so was Dr. Martin.
She knew what she was talking about and I really appreciate how they act and what they do.
Thank you very much for a great experience VCA and Missie, my new doggy thanks you too.

What a great clinic.
After adopting my little Sayuri, we brought her in for her free consultation.
We did end up needing stuff for her kennel cough, as well as some fish oil pills since she has some dry skin, and we also had her stool sample tested for heartworm.
Cost us 63 dollars, but that was 53 for the stool testing, which we were told about at the humane society, again on the phone with the vet, and then once again when we got there.
Our vet is great.
She gave us all kinds of tips on how to train, feed, and in general parent the new addition of our family.
I love this place.
Oh oh, and we got a free bag of science diet puppy food.
How sweet is that?

Went here after getting a mew puppy and our other vet moved out of state.
The office is clean and the staff is friendly and good.
My puppy has had some problems and the Vets have done a great job trying to manage the food allergies and other issues.
I like that they have discount shot days.
That has been very helpful with all of the puppy shots.

The staff is so friendly!
I have been coming here for 3 years and always have good visits.
The vets are very knowledgeable.
I usually try to go Tuesday nights and Wednesday mornings because they are half price vaccines.
Only downfall they are a bit pricey!
But who can but a price on care for my babies?

I continue to be astounded by the apathy displayed by businesses who spend big $$$ on advertising to get new patients, but do nothing to retain their current client base.
We recently moved and being long time customers of VCA Apache Junction (LOVE THEM!
), we decided to just transfer our animals care and their records to VCA Northern.
BIG MISTAKE.
Even though I called days in advance to make an appointment and have my records there for the new Vet, when I arrived this morning, they wanted me to fill out new paperwork with my name, address, blah, blah, blah REALLY?
The whole point in us choosing a national chain was so that no matter where we were traveling, etc.
they would have access to our record at a moments notice via computer.
I guess that is not the case.
Now, the one advantage I thought was present, is not.
No reason to continue a relationship with VCA Northern.

I took my 4 yr old dog into her first teeth cleaning last week.
The nice vet who examined her told us that she might have to have 1-2 teeth extracted, BUT they would call me before doing so.
Instead, the next day, I received a call letting me know all NINE of her front teeth had been pulled.
I can't believe the audacity of pulling all of her front teeth without getting my approval first.
Whether or not the vet believed this was the best for my dog, I should have been given the option.
And, if I had, I would have chosen something much less invasive for now.
Imagine if this had happened to a human child.
My poor pup, with no teeth at only 4 yrs old.
And it's irreversible.
I HATE them for not giving me the option by calling me first.

We had a good experience here.
Nice staff.
Great care.
The only reason we have not been back for routine care is because they are about 15-20 minutes from where we live.
If you need a vet and live in the area VCA is worth a try.

We can't say enough good things about the staff at VCA Northern animal hospital.
They cared for our Dad's dog Charley for years.
When Dad had to go into assisted living, they stepped up big time & helped find a perfect, loving home for Charley.
I think I can best sum it up like this: they care as much about your pet as you do, and that's awesome.
Thank you to everyone at VCA Northern.

Sassy, rude staff.
VET Judith Hammerich may have a degree in veterinary medicine, but she is nowhere near the best out there, nor is she even adequate, not even in a pinch.
Do your pet and yourself a favor and find a different veterinarian.
It will avoid a lot of aggravation for BOTH of you!!
Your pet thanks you :)

This is a corporate vet and everything bad that corporate vets do.
I don't know how else to put it.
I have been twice because the humane society pays for a visit within five days of adoption.
So of course I am going to use the vet visit.
From the second I entered the exam room with the vet tech I felt like I was on a car lot and preparing for battle.
It is all about up sale and scare tactics at this vet.
Which I expected, I have been to corporate vets before.
So my cat had an upper respiratory thing that animals in shelters get and the vet put him on antibiotics (incidentally the cost of the antibiotics is about $8 more per bottle than at my small vet office in central phoenix) which is great so we rescheduled for a check up.
I should not have gone.
First of all I got shamed and lectured for a few minutes because my cat was not in a carrier.
I know this was my bad but seymour never once got out of my arms as I knew he wouldn't because he is a very calm cat.
I really did not see the harm and the carrier makes him so anxious.
I was compared to a parent who does not put their child in a car seat.
awesome.
Next I meet with a new vet tech who tries to upsell me on every vaccine on the market which I politely declined.
He then tells me my cat is too fat (yea I know that) and should be 12 lbs.
Yea no that is the equivalent of telling a 5 ft 11 large bones woman to aim for 115 lbs.
He's a big cat not just fat.
So the vet comes in (a totally different vet than I saw last time)  and tells me her name then says wow that is a fat cat you need to get his weight under control or like all fat adults and animals he will likely get diabetes.
I am also a fat person so I feel like the lecture was intentional and she did not see that I adopted this animal 2 weeks ago.
I have also been to this rodeo a few times and I do not have or make my animals fat.
We are on top of the weight loss plan.
Unlike the tech because they don't seem to communicate well she tells me he should be 15lbs which is the difference of him losing 3lbs or 6 lbs.
Quite a different for an animal under 20lbs!
She then says oh his eyes are pretty though just got to work on the weight.
What does that mean?
Did my cat really get fat shamed?
lol hilarious!
Then she says oh good I can feel his bladder so he's not too fat for an exam.
Really?
stop talking about how fat you think he is and say something nice to him while you are molesting his internal organs.
I'll be going to my own vet thanks;)

Absolutely the "Best of Phoenix".
Caring compassionate professional staff.
Thank you Dr Martin and staff, just for being yourselves and caring so much.

One of the worst animal hospitals I have ever been too!!!
My friend took in a feral cat that she found, only to find out that the cat was pregnant.
She was overdue and we took her to this vet only to be told conflicting stories on the cats health and how many babies she had (several ultra sounds done).
Not only did they have the cat for five days and did nothing, but they stated that unless we paid $1500 they could do nothing to help her - we either had to put the cat and her babies down or surrender the cat to them if we did not come up with the money.
Within one hour, we found a vet that did an emergency c-section on her for $700 and saved the cat and three of her five babies.
If we had waited any longer, they all would have been dead!
They have the worst "bed side" manners and at the end of the day a corporate facilities looking for cash and not even willing to allow us time to raise the money to save this cat's life.
I am letting all my animal friends and rescues not to waste their time.

I love this vet office!!!
I have a little Chihuahua and she is like a child to me so it helps to know that she has doctors and nurses that are there to take care of her when she's not feeling well.
Lauren Monte is the sweetest kind person with a heart of gold I feel they could never pay her enough!!!
I recommend this place to anyone who wants a good vet for their pet!!

Our 14 year old cat was not eating so we brought him to VCA.
We have been using VCA for years and are so happy that we have vets that care so much for animals.
They did blood work and we got the results mid day on a holiday weekend.
The results were not good.
Our cat was suffering and we needed to act fast.
Late on a Friday the team at VCA got a room ready with candles and a very professional and caring staff to help us with putting down our wonderful cat that lived a long happy life.
I can't say enough about Dr.Martin, Dr. Hammerich and all of the staff at VCA.
Each and every staff member is amazing.
Thank you so much for what each and everyone of you do.
I would recommend VCA Northern to anybody.

