The location of the hotel was good for us because we needed to be close to Goodyear.
It is fairly close to a zoo, shopping mall and CARL'S JR (which in my book is a major plus).
It is *right* off of I-10 and in the opposite direction of the freeway it got pretty industrial but we had Chinese delivered so there was some semblance of life around us.
The staff were nice enough and even helpful a few times including when we left something in the room and they made sure we got it back painlessly.
We did go out and enjoy the pool, which was cooooold but clean and didn't totally reek of chlorine.
There was no hot tub, which would have been nice but we lived and probably so would the next people.
The room was pretty clean and it had a mini fridge and microwave.
I do have to say that I am a comforter remover (bleh) and the blankets they had on the bed were pretty ragged...not terribly warm, not even close to soft but for $67 a night, I guess I wasn't expecting Cashmina.
The beds *seemed* comfortable when I laid down but a couple of mornings I woke up a bit achy.
That could've been me, it could've been the bed.
I am not totally sure.
The tub was nice with a slanted back but we had to put some saran wrap type plastic on the drain because it would slowly leak the water and we had to keep refilling it.
Once I MacGuyvered that little technique, we were fine though.
Overall, we had a nice stay and I would most likely stay there if I needed to be near Goodyear again.
We had no major issues and sometimes that is half the battle.

Had we had ANY other choices, we would have taken them.
Yes - we had a roof over our heads (one of the reasons this is 2 stars and not 1).
Yes - 4/5 of us had a bed to sleep in.
Yes - it was a non-smoking room.
And finally, yes - we found (dog?
) poop in our room.
How?
you may ask.
By stepping on it and having to peel it from the bottom of my bf's foot then find it again after he heaved it across the room in bewilderment and disgust.
I can't say the nice man at the front desk didn't warn us..
He did ask if anyone was allergic to pets.

I went down to AZ to take a tour of ASU and then head up to Sedona had to stay the night here.
Had no idea it was spring training and alot of places were booked.
I called ahead they said they had rooms available and would hold one.
Me and my friend showed up and walked up.
There was a gentleman smoking outside creepy looking and went into the lobby.
Ommediatly greeted by a must smell/.
Same guy turned out to be the desk clerk and immediatley said no rooms available.
I had a hold!
he said sorry and we needed to leave!
Went to the parking lot and sat in the car for a moment trying to lkook up other places, he came up to th ecar and knocked on it said we had to leave immediately!
As we left we saw him completely leave the property into the truck lot and disappeared, looking to score perhaps?

Never again will I go here.
Got to the room and it had a horrible odor.
Almost like a smokey smell mixed with bad BO.
Also the shower had no hot water and no water pressure.
I showered at 1:30am so saying that everyone else may have been showering at the same time is not an option.
Also it's a habit of mine to pull the comforter off the bed since I know they hardly wash those, when I did there was a huge yellow stain in the middle of it on the inside.
Plus gum on the arm of the chair (gross) oh and chips.
Not my chips.
Chips under the bed where I had stepped on them.
Worst stay of my life, I wish I could get my money back.
And when I complained about a few of these issues the front desk lady looked at me like I was lying about the smell of the room and she didn't care about the shower issues.
Do not go here!
There are plenty of other hotels in the area.
Also I even took pictures of you want to see them!

This stay was everything I could ask for.
Room was very adequate, quiet, and clean.
No extra charge for parking, ice, breakfast, wifi, or pool.
Wifi worked just fine.
Breakfast was good enough.
AC blew f'ing cold all night.
I got a good night of rest and headed out in good shape next day.
Very convenient area with lots of business and gas available.
This spot has several motels next to each other and is a very good target if passing though Phoenix.

