The hubs and I went here a few weeks ago looking for an entertainment center.
We ended up leaving with out an entertainment center but a brand new sectional instead!
The hubs and I had no plans to buy, but when we saw the sectional we both stopped dead in our tracks.
We never agree on anything when it comes to decor so we knew we had to buy, but we weren't a fan of the color or material.
Oscar helped us out.
We got to custom order a couch with out paying anything additional!!!
How rad is that!
The Roomstore lets you change out fabrics and even switch out pillow patterns.
Only bummer is since its custom we have to wait 6-8 weeks.
But that's ok, we will wait!
Thanks to Oscar for not only helping us out but not hovering over us like a vulture like some furniture stores do!

Whenver we need new furniture and or bedroom set we always go to the Roomstore !
When we lived in Surprise 2003 ( New Home ) we went to the 59th & Bell location in Glendale and bought us new furniture for the living room.
No hassles !
Easy Financing !
Stress Free Home Delivery !
Next, we bought us a nice bedroom set which came with the queen size bed, headboard, dresser, end tables and lamps all for a great price.
No hassles !
Easy Financing !
Stress Free Home Delivery !
When we moved out of Surprise in 2006 and back into Phoenix ( ASU West Area ) I told my wife that since I just got my big screen TV she can now have her nice big dining room table since the house we moved into has a much larger dining room.
No hassles !
Easy Financing !
Stree Free Home Delivery !
Later on, the queen size bed became too small for our to use due to kids and pets LOL so we put that queen size set in the guest bedroom and went to 35th Ave & Northern location and bought us a king size bed and  everything that goes with it.
AGAIN, No hassles !
Easy Financing !
Stree Free Home Delivery !
The Roomstore has great furniture.
Decent prices.
Quick home delivery and for the most part they let you shop and browse with-out being hassled by the salesperson.
The Roomstore is ideal for bulk furniture and or large purchases its not ideal for a la carte such as just buying a couch.

They're very friendly and more than happy to help you with anything you need but is not just because it's their job, it's pricy but worth the money.
Weather it's getting start with a new home or just wanted to make some changes and upgrade furnitures, this is the place to check out.
Recommended.
Will be backs

I've bought furniture at this particular location with my partner in the past and our experience overall was really nice.
This time with the Salesman Robin and this particular RoomStore location, things went downhill after the sale was made.
The communication with this store was awful!
Robin gave us his cell phone number so we could call him directly but didn't answer and his voicemail was full.
Texting was also futile.
Please be aware of the 5 day rule at all locations!!
You have 5 days from the time your furniture is delivered and if you notice something on day 5 like we did you will get a store credit not your money back.
Because we bought so much they gave us free furniture that they took of the bill first?
I don't like writing negative reviews on companies, I just don't want someone to be caught up in the BS that Robin and the girls at the front desk will do.
If we called them to ask about something like our dining room table (that came in pieces and then when it wouldn't fit together they went back to the 5 day rule of when they brought 2 chairs and the base but nothing else for 2 months) they wouldn't call back and we would call again.
When we talked with them they they were always calling us!
When we called to ask we would get the run around until we spoke to the manager and Corporate.
They took things much more seriously.
Robin told my partner that he doesn't get paid till we receive our full order, like that should help us feel better.
We have to use the store credit so hopefully the Scottsdale store has better customer service.

