I recently had an issue with my cat, Heiko, where he needed to have his elbow fixed.
See: http://www.yelp.com/biz/pride-animal-hospital-chandler#hrid:iWYZtW8yfDP6ptvcnK6L6A  I was referred to SVSS.
After I left Pride Animal Hospital, I called and made an appointment for early the next day, 6:30am to be exact.
This is perfect for me since I work night shift and with 6:30 I could just get off work and go straight there instead of staying up half the day when I was normally sleeping.
I met with the assistants and Dr. Tara Enwiller.
I loved all of the staff, including the front-desk.
They were very thorough and Dr. Enwiller was very helpful in describing what had happened, whereas Dr. Chen was unable to.
They brought out the two estimates (closed re-set of dislocation or the open surgery).
They explained all the risks and everything to me.
Aside from the seemingly simple procedure costing a lot, it was painless.
I actually opted for the more costly provedure, which I had to put 70% down.
But, I said they were to just do the less costly procedure.
Then I left for home, slept, and picked him up when I was done.
The post-op debriefing was also well done.
I need to go back here soon to see if I can get his cast fixed (not their fault).
So, I think this place is top notch.
My cat has a cast on with an awesome looking fish decal on it and he seems happy with no pain.
I will chalk that up to a good clean procedure.

My 4 month old Boston Terrier broke his leg and I took him into AVS (which is in the same building but is for emergency services) initially when it happed and that's a totally different review (very poor).
Since he needed to be seen by a surgeon to determine if he needed a cast or surgery, I subsequently chose this Surgical office in the same building which was a relief in retrospect.
Tara Enwiller was Cooper's doctor and it just so happened that she owned a Boston as well.
She was a very gentle person who I immediately got a good vibe from.
She gave me two options and one was $1300 and one was $3000 and gave me the pros and cons of each.
This was very helpful as she was unaware of what my financial capability was and didn't seem to encourage me to choose either way, knowing what the best care was for him and letting me know and understand that we had 2 choices due to the type of fracture he had.
During this 4 week process, she and her staff have been wonderful.
I have had to bring him back in once a week so they could change out his cast due to it slipping and him growing.
Each time, they were very warm to deal with.
The ONLY gripe is the office is ICE cold so bring your sweater if you plan on being there for any length of time.
But more importantly, if you are looking for a vet / surgeons office that is the way I described, then choose this place!

I was referred here when my beloved pup was diagnosed with osteosarcoma in her upper left leg.
The entire staff, from Dr Arthur to the vet techs to the front desk workers, was the most knowledgeable, professional, caring and compassionate that I have ever encountered.
Azzie had a round of palliative radiation, which let her live comfortably for several months beyond her diagnosis, and when the time came to say goodbye, they helped her slip away with grace and dignity, and they were beyond supportive to me.
I highly recommend them - they are the best at what they do.

