After my trip to Hawaii I was craving fish.
My mom and I decided to go to Red Lobster, haven't been to one in forever.
It was dinner time and the place was busy.
Yes, they still have the awsome biscuits and their food is good.
But here is the reason for this review.
They are doing something right at the Metro Center location, we had the best service ever.
The waiter was prompt and even indicated that anyone in the area can help if he isn't there right when we need him.
He refilled our drinks, was very attentive and professional.
The manager came over to see how are meal was and actually asked in a way that made it clear she cared (sounds kinda sappy, but usually when managers ask at other places it doesn't ring sincere a lot of time)  She even took some of our plates away with her.
Very impressed with the service.
Good job Metro Center Red Lobster!

Perhaps I'm a bit jaded.
I know good restaurants and Red Lobster at Metro is fine.
Food like all the other red lobsters.
What sets this apart from all the rest is the service.
That's why I'm writing this review.
My wife and I went to R.L.
last night.
She had the lobster pizza and I had lobster nachos.
She drank water.
I had Sam Adams draught.
The beer was wonderful.
The pizza is and has always been very very goodl.
The nachos were also good.
A five star rating goes to our waiter, Doug.
First, he was an adult man who had personality.
Could describe each dish you ordered in mouth watering terms.
Made pleasant conversations and banter and was on top of all our needs before we knew what our needs were.
Should you go there, ask to sit at one of Doug's tables.
YOu won't be sorry.

Hard to go wrong with broiled fresh fish, and they do it well here.
Service is very good, waits have not been long.
Cheese biscuits are as good as they've always been.
Any fish we've had has come out perfectly done - melt in mouth, not dry, not over seasoned.
This location is very good.

It's kind of ironic that Red Lobster national advertised on Yelp and yet, their local chain Yelp profiles are so poorly managed.
Oh, well.
I have had an obsession with Red Lobster since I was a wee tot.
Sometimes nothing is better in my mouth than a shrimp.
Let me briefly chronicle my history with the RL:  -Site of my first Caesar Salad -Site of my first salad -Cheddar Bay Biscuits can cure cancer -Cheddar Bay Biscuits in excess probably lead to heart disease -Site of my first breaded shrimp and shrimp scampi -My birthday destination two years running (shout out to the Archer Road location in Gainesville, FL)  I have been to this location thrice.
The first time was a great date (and no, I didn't dump him because he took to Red Lobster).
Our server's name escapes me, but she was super sweet and fun.
The second time was after a tryst and an excuse to use a gift certificate.
The bartender did a great job of giving me proper biscuit refilling.
My third time was today.
The barhop was serviceable.
I don't think he wanted to be there on a Saturday morning.
Regardless, the biscuits were the best I have had in a while.
Fresh from the oven, the cheese inside stuck to the crumbly sides.
So buttery, so stomach clogging.
None of the food besides the biscuits is stellar, but honestly, there are no better biscuits to be found anywhere.
Not even Popeye's.
Yea, I went there.

A few friends and I decided we wanted to grab a late bite.
This location closes at 10, and we were those guys that cruised in at 9:50.
We all have worked in the industry at some point so we know how disheartening it can be, but we were planning on just being in and out.
Our server, Jeremy, did a great job.
He was on point with refills, cheese bread refills, and pre-bussing.
He was courteous and attentive, especially for it being that late at night.
We ran a $90 tab and left 20%, so I'm sure he ended up being cool with it.
I ordered the Lobster, Scallops, and grilled shrimp combo platter and it was delicious.
I got rice and broccoli with it, and added a Caesar salad, and a lobster bruschetta to start.
Everything but the broccoli was good.
The grilled lobster tail was tasty, and while the texture of the scallops seemed overcooked, I was still delighted with the flavor.
It was a good dining experience all around.
In at 9:50 and out by 10:30 with no rush on the restaurants part.
Appetizer, salad, entree, and then time to eat.
Our server timed our experience perfectly and made for a great late night dining endeavor.

I am not a huge fan of Red Lobster.
My husband is though, so whenever we go here it's because he wants to.
Last Saturday night he was in the mood for crab legs so I suggested we place a to go order & he agreed.
I checked out their menu online & saw that it was Lobsterfest, so that got me in the mood for some.
For an app we ordered the new england seafood sampler, which consisted of lobster & crab stuffed mushrooms, fried clam strips & bacon wrapped scallops.
The shrooms were bomb, clam strips were ok & I didn't really care for the scallops.
For his entree my hubby ordered the ultimate feast with an extra half pound of snow crab legs (which he ended up sharing with a friend drunk at 3am, ha!).
I ordered the bar harbor lobster & shrimp trio.
Both meals came with a salad & their delicious biscuits.
Hubs & our friend Chris enjoyed every last bite of their crab legs, lobster tail & shrimp.
I could only eat half of mine because there was so much of it, but the lobster tail was yummy & so was the shrimp.
The parmesan lobster & shrimp bake seemed good at first, but an hour or so later my stomach was not agreeing with me, too rich!
Total for everything was $70+.
A bit over priced for this establishment but knowing my hubby, we'll be back.

Yes I am writing a review about Red Lobster, don't judge me!!
You all know you love those little cheddar biscuits more then life itself!
Seriously, Those biscuits, good lord!
Hubs and I went here last night, his picking.
He loves him some Ultimate Feast.
I usually stick to the coconut shrimp.
Our waitress was awesome, the place was packed to the gills but we never really had to wait for refills.
She did forget to put in for the beer hubs ordered, but he lived (YAY)!
The food comes out hot and fast.
We also got an appetizer, did the "pick two" the mozzarella sticks were surprisingly good and the calamari wasn't just fried calamari but it came with fried broccoli and red peppers as well, super tasty!

first time in my life I ever got brown lettuce at a Red Lobster.
YUCK!
oh well the rest of the meal was great and my server was prompt and offered to get me another ready mde salad but I'm sure the rest will be eaten by some one else until the fresh greens come out for fri night.
Very clean and well lit place just brown lettuce really throws me or should I say tosses me?

i usually get the Seaport lobster tail and shrimp.
really good.
9 out of 10 times i usually get great service.
they have outdoor seating although its not very much.
nice ambience inside.
never that long of a wait.
one of the waiters named Luther provides excellent customer service.
great place for the whole family.
my 5 year old likes it too so that's a plus.

Last time I was here about 4 months ago everything was fine and decent.
You really can't go wrong with fried shrimp.
Girlfriend got the lobster tail which was ok but seemed alittle over cooked but with more butter it wasnt as bad.
But as the dinner was about to end I found the most grossest pubic look hair under a popcorn shrimp.
I almost threw up.
The waiter was very helpful and he removed my item from the bill and the manager apologized which I didn't ask for.
So customer was good there.
1 star for that and another for the yummy biscuits.
I also still tipped what the original amount would have been because the server was pretty awesome.
But I have to say this is my last time to red lobster.
Not cuz of the hair but because of the mediocre food.

I've eaten at a few different Red Lobsters in the valley and for the most part, I am rarely impressed.
The prices tend to be a bit high and the service tends to be only average for average food, in short a three star experience all around.
So the Red Lobster in the Metro Center area was a very pleasant improvement over that experience.
We had a great server who kept up with our needs without being annoying and the food was pretty great.
I ordered the Salmon New Orleans with mashed potatoes and was very impressed.
My one complaint is that the Bloody Mary I ordered must have had an entire bottle of Tabasco sauce in it but other than that, the meal was delicious and the service was excellent.
Other bonuses include more spacious dining areas (we didn't feel cramped even though it was pretty full, as typical for a Red Lobster) and an excellent bar area that had a few TVs with the football game on.
Very nice ambiance in the restaraunt overall.
I will definitely be making the trek out east to eat at this Red Lobster again

Disappointing.
Ordered the crab boil.
Way over cooked.
Bland.
No flavor.
Blah.

A lot of good and a great deal of mediocre here.
My son only wants the biscuits.
I love the skewered shrimp and clam strips myself.
My only complaint is that they have stared dicing the tomatoes and cucumbers in the house salad.
I can only say, " please go back to thin slices they are so much easier to eat than tiny little chunks.

So, my neighbor invited me out to dinner at the last minute and suggested we go here.
I haven't been to a Red Lobster in ages, and wasn't sure what to expect.
Yes, I've seen the commercials, but the last time I think I actually set foot in one was around the summer of 1997.
Anyways, we came here and I have to say, I actually had a really good time.
The place was pretty busy, with lots of families and couples dining here having a good time.
We started out with the hot spinach, artichoke dip that had some seafood in it.
That was pretty good, but was super duper hot!
Dam near burned my mouth!
lol.
For dinner I went with a trio plate, that came with a lobster tail, some barbequed shrimp on a stick and some shrimp in a lemon butter sauce.
Surprisingly it was all really tasty!!
the rice was a little under cooked for me, but it was okay and I only took a few bites.
The salad was good and they also had some great biscuits before we had our meal that I liked as well.
I also treated myself to a margarita and I liked it.
It didn't seem to have a lot of booze in it, and kind of tasted a bit weak in my opinion.
more booze in the drinks please!!!
What really made my night was the service we got.
I loved our server!
She was awesome!
I can't remember her name, but she was so good, that she would make me want to come back because she really paid attention to us.
My neighbor forgot his phone and we were standing outside the truck talking and she even walked it out to us!
Thank you Red Lobster for leaving a good impression on me.
I didn't think I would have had such a good time here.
Maybe I should come here more often....

Bad Service, food cold, really slow service

CHEDDER BAY BISCUITS.
I seriously come here mainly for the CBBs.
Always delicious, and you can get an unlimited free supply of them.
Just for one, it's 150 calories, but hey, 3 grams of protein!
The main entrees are good, too, because they are smothered in butter.
If you are super health conscious, this place will make you break any and all your diets.
I had their choose your two item dinner and got their new items - something fried shrimp and lobster pot pie with CBB shell.
The shrimp was good, but of course, uber oily.
The pot pie was tasty, but I was slightly disappointed that the CBB shell was only the top layer.
I was hoping the whole pie would be CBB with the filling inside.
Instead it was more like a soup with CBB layer on top.
I also tried my boyfriends Mahi fish and shrimp dish, which was good.
Noteably, the side dish steamed broccoli juiced out butter when you bit into it.
As for the establishment itself, it's how all Red Lobsters look - kinda dim.
This location was clean and the staff friendly.

I hate hate hate seafood.
I can't stand the taste or the smell.
So I have been fighting my boyfriend for years about coming here.
I finally gave in and holy cow I was impressed.
It didn't smell horrible at all (it did the one other time I came many moons ago).
I ordered the chicken with a portabella wine sauce, mashed potatoes and green beans.
HOLY GOODNESS IT'S AMAZING!!!
My biggest complaint is they had NO Italian or Balsamic Vinaigrette dressings.
Blueberry or Raspberry isn't a realistic trade off.
I will be back for sure.

OMG.
Another chain-restaurant review?
Yep.
I don't always feel like driving 50+ miles for a meal...so when the GF showed up 30 minutes late from work due to traffic...I thought a little treat would be nice...so off to "The Metrocenter" for some seafood!
First off, I gotta give 'em kudos for a few things:  They have a clean lobster tanks separated into 3 size categories.
Pick yer lobster, if you like.
(Kids love this) The place is clean and inviting.
The staff is efficient.
Waiting areas are abundant and comfortable - should be no problem unless they are getting hammered with walk-ins that day.
Yeah, it's a chain.
A chain that offers seafood and LIVE MAINE LOBSTER FROM THE TANK in the MIDDLE OF THE DESERT.
Whatcha want?
1-1/4pounder or a 3 pounder?
They have it.
Go look at it cruising around the tank before you order it!
Anyway - we went for Lobsterfest - we covered the bases.
Calimari, fried shrimp, sauteed shrimp, scampi, crab legs (Snow - not King), shrimp stuffing, crab stuffing, and 3 Maine tails plus cocktails and beer between us - all for less than a hundred bucks.
Try to do that anywhere else in the Valley.
Service was fast, polite and effective.
The ambiance was nice, and the air temp was very comfy; since the days are 85 and nights are 55 right now - they did a good job picking an inside temp.
NONE of the food (including the calamari) was overcooked, or rubbery.
That's saying a lot when you look at what we ordered.
Couldn't think of a better way to spend a Thursday dinner without driving a zillion miles.
We'll be back.

We stopped in for a light lunch and was pleasantly surprised to get a seat quickly despite the place being packed.
The service was attentive and quick.
I never had to notice that my glass was empty.
The biscuits were tasty as always and the food was delicious (a variety of shrimp, stuffed mushrooms, and salads)

We ate there on Friday night and both my husband and I ended up with food poisoning from the scallops.
Not sure I would ever eat there again!

We came here for a dear friends birthday and the services was HORRIBLE, it was slow and the waiter James was rude.
He took his sweet time taking our orders, getting drinks, and bringing our food and it was like once we started eating he came with to-go box and tried to put our food in to the container well mid eat, didn't even ask if we was finished.
And its not the first time that service was bad there.

Low expectations met.
Had to spend the gift card, so we reluctantly came here.
The Mahi was surprisingly good.
Not great, but good.
The rest of the family was leaning towards being disappointed by their meals.
Side requested was grilled mixed vegetables.
Meager and lame!
Come on!
How do you screw up vegetables.
Spoke to manager who ended up comping the meal, admitting their vegetable sides suck.
I asked him why not fix that?
Said he'd bring the complaint to his higher ups.
That good attitude and the good mahi earned 3 stars.
Would have been less otherwise.

