What a long day!
We drove for five and a half hrs and finally made it.
We checked in at 3 pm after M's wedding.
I took a short nap and found the room to be cozy.
It had two nice swimming pools.
Unfortunately, I forgot my swimsuit since the night before I was running around the house like a mad woman trying to get my stuff together.
If you're not planning to hang out at the hotel all day, then this place will do.

gross, smells filled with dirt and bugs, hookers hang out here, this is a gross hotel do not stay here.

Not too bad, but nothing to write home about.
The room was decent, I had no real complaints about it, the only real pain was the check in process really.
They had some rule that I had to go get my girlfriend out of the car and have her give her ID before I check in.
The hell?
Only hotel in the country I ever had to do that in, I also saw some rule about no guests after 11:00.
Look I was on a road trip so I could care less, and I'm assuming this is some anti-prostitution thing, or being in Arizona maybe it's some anti immigration thing.
Either way it was annoying after driving for so long, and standing in a long line.
Hotel is decent, worth the discounted price I paid for it, but next time I'd rather go some where I don't feel so spied on.
They have a security guard just standing watch outside, normally I guess I'd feel safe, but I just felt weird.
Probably a good place to bring the family though, but make sure they all have ID's.

Shame I can't give this place a lower review.
The management was rude.
The toilet in the room didn't stop running.
Ancient tv's, and god only knows what dna was left in the room.
I won't be staying here ever again.

My neighbor blasted his tv  all night long, so I'm already in a bad mood.
I decided to stop fighting it and get up to bathe.
There is no plug for the the drain.
I went to the front desk and she said she had no way of getting one she's alone.
I asked if I could get one from an empty room.
Then I was told they don't have any.
Who doesn't have a drain plug really!
Everything in the room was fine, besides the lack of a plug and the two pubic hairs I found on the toilet seat.

