Terrible!
I was a customer of Dynamic Travel because their staff speak Cantonese, until I realized that one of their staff, Chris, has been committing fraud and racial discrimination.
I originally contacted Dynamic Travel with the intention to sign up for a tour to China organized by Charming Holidays Company for my husband and I.
The 10-day tour to Shanghai is listed on the CharmingHolidays.net website with a promotional price.
A Dynamic Travel staff, Chris, informed me that the promotional tours are only eligible to "oversea Chinese".
Because my husband is not of Chinese heritage, Chris claimed that Charming Holidays Company imposes an additional $100 fee for any customer who is a "non-Chinese person".
I recognized such policy as blatant racial discrimination.
When I called again to question and challenge this so-called "non-Chinese person" price difference, Chris said he would contact representatives from Charming Holiday and get back to me.
Later that day, he called and informed me that Charming Holidays had agreed to lower the "non-Chinese person" fee to $50.
In addition, he would only accept cash or check as payment, no credit card.
I was outraged at the arbitrary pricing depending on race!
When I refused to accept such nonsense haggle, Chris hung up on the phone.
And when I called back, Chris denied that he had hung up the call and persisted on the $50 fee.
I became suspicious and decided to inquire with other travel agencies that also book tours with Charming Holidays.
I found out there is no such a thing as "non-Chinese person" fee.
Charming Holidays charges $99 for all customers.
Chris has been making false claims for the purpose of personal gain!
Shame on Dynamic Travel for taking advantage of the Chinese community that it serves!
All for such petty minimal personal gain!

Excellent!
My family has been their cusromer for many years.
Their prices always beat the on-line travel sites when it come to overseas traveling and they are friendly,  efficient,  courteous and professional.

All of my best vacations were booked at Dynamic Travel.
The recent trip was to Hong Kong with my family and everything was perfect.
Very affordable and great service, Chris was extremely useful in handling the search, booking and general preparation of the entire trip, I was happy with the help and advice he gave me.
I highly recommend them for traveling.

