Delicious, Greasy, Fat, Juicy Burgers!
Get a big burger, fry and drink for about $4.
The place is small, and gets warm in the summertime, so to-go is the preferred method for me!

It had been awhile since I had been to Lenny's and I was really looking forward to it.
The food is still great but you should take it to go...unless you want a hooker with your burger.
Yeah got propositioned by a hooker in the drive through.
The burgers are big and delicious with many combinations of condiments to choose from...fries?
crispy on the outside soggy in the middle and just a hint of garlic salt..yum.
They close the shake machine at 8 which blows.
I really wanted choclately goodness.
There is also one of those meth billboards with the gross mouth right across fromt he drive through and that is not appetizing.
Oh yes and the kid working the drive through kept playing with his lip ring which I must say grossed me out a bit...just not enough to not eat my delicious goodies....
If someone had picked the food up for me I would have gone four stars but I must say...the hooker, meth, and piercings brought my appetite down a bit.

They have good Burgers, kind of reminds me of Astro Burgers back home in Cali.
I love the seasoned salt  fries.

Food wise, this is my favorite Lenny's location.
They make the perfect jalapeno cheese burger.
The fries are really good too.
The location kind of sucks.
Its  surrounded by a greyhound station, a liquor store and some kind of AA hall.
Need I say more?

I went today for lunch and WOW I can't say how great this place was.
Ok you do have to get past the fact it's not the best looking location or even in the best area but this place is a must experience.
I got the Mexican Burger which came with grilled onions, mayo, monterry jack cheese, and green chili's.
I tried a fry first and was amazed I usually don't like the bigger cut fries cause they are never crispy enough but no these fries were the best I've had in a long time.
They came with seasoned salt on them and were just amazing.
I had a milkshake with m&m's which was amazing as well.
I can't say enough about how good this place is.
If you have never went as I never had you need to go NOW.

So I fall asleep watching the food network, I wake up and was sleeping through a show about amazing hot dog places all across the U.S., now, I am not a hot dog fan, but I must have had some sort of hot dog subliminal message pumped into my brain while I slept, because I needed a hot dog like 10 minutes ago.
I jump on Yelp to find a hot dog place near my house....They are all closed on Sunday or further then I care to drive.
So I think, hey, lets hit up Lenny's, I bet they have a decent dog.
I believe I gained 5 pounds from this meal.
I ordered the polish sausage, mustard, onion and relish.
Fries and a butterscotch shake.
The polish sausage was insanely good, in fact, I cant stop thinking about it!
Its a MUST try!
The fries are fantastic, they put season salt on them!
Who else does that?
No one!
I could eat these french fries all day long.
AND lets not forget the butterscotch shake!
People, this was my very first butterscotch shake, I was a butterscotch shake virgin.
I am soooo glad I no longer am, because now I am a butterscotch shake slut!
I will do what I can to get my paws on one of these amazing treats.
Do yourself a favor and order the large, your eyes will fall out of their sockets when you see how large it is.
I have been nursing mine for 3 days now.
Its HUGE!
You could easily split it with 2-3 people!
Lenny's, I heart you.

Let me just start by saying a YUM!
The burger is flame broiled juicy and seasoned just right.
I like mine with crispy bacon and cheese.
The cheese is gooey and melted by the delicious greasyness of it all!
The fries are fat and go great with the greasy, juicy yummyness!
If you want a tasty fat juicy burger go see Lenny!
They also have a drive through at this location.
Perfect on my way home.

The Cali burgers spot is what me and my friends call this place.
Being from California it reminds me of back home.
I love this place & the chili cheese fries yum!

Lenny's here just moved into a bigger new building next to the old banged up one, so I whipped up here to try it, joined by Arlin B., Robyn N. & Mike C.  I went with a #5 Combo, which is a Cowboy Burger, Onion Rings (in my case), & a soda ($7.59).
This burger came with barbecue sauce, lettuce, tomato, bacon, cheese, an onion ring, & a little side of Ranch Dressing.
I thought everything was delicious, & this new diner is completely comfortable.
Come give it a try!
:-))

Lenny's Burger has its "BLING ON" now with it's new place right beside the old one!!
WOW, what an awesome looking 50's style dinner Lenny created in his new place with tons of chrome everywhere on the walls and ceiling, fancy lights above each booth and really very comfy booths!!
Had lunch with Rand H, Robyn N and Mike C today.
Take a look at the pics we took today!
Lenny's Burger offers several different burger and hot dogs options but they also have a few salad options as well.
All of the burgers and dogs can be ordered as a combo with fries and a drink.
To upgrade your fries to onion rings it's just an extra 30 cents.
They have shakes, malts and floats too.
I had their #5 ~ Cowboy burger with onion rings and a soda.
It was a burger with all the trimmings including bacon and onion rings on the burger.
The beef on this burger got a little lost with all the extras but it was still very good.
I spotted their #6 the Mexican Burger with grilled onions and green chilies for my next visit!!
The service at this Lenny's Burger is top notch!
They are very accommodating and eager to please their customers.
Their new place is really nice inside and out, so the next time your in that area and thinking about lunch, give Lenny's Burger a try.
I hope to see you there!

I ordered my Lenny's bbq burger over the phone and was told it would be ready within 10 minutes.
I arrived about 15 minutes later and the cashier couldn't find my burger.
Turns out I ordered from the wrong location.
There's a Lenny's Burger SHOP also on Glendale Avenue that I mistakenly ordered from.
Confusing!
This was my first time at Lenny's so I didn't know all the options they had on the menu.
I saw a picture of the Mexican burger and decided to get that instead.
It was ready within 2 minutes.
It's a cute place so I decided to eat in.
This burger was delicious with, yummy grilled onions, sliced green chilli's and  ranch saunce and the fries were big and I couldn't even eat all mine.
Also for such a delicious burger they are well priced, my combo was $6, almost the same price as a fast food joint but this food tastes better.
Lenny, the restaraunts namesake, was there and greeting people.
He was really nice, there were two other people who had order issues and he took care of them right away.
He said that since they've moved to the new location it's been overwhelmingly busy.
So perhaps that's why there were order issues.
They are still working out the kinks.
I'd return here with frirends.

It was alright for a burger place but their onion ring was good.
Their cashier staff was friendly.
It was a cool place.
We got the cheeseburger and fries combo, chicken stripes, and chocolate milk shake.
It was a good experience overall.

We have been wanting to try the "new and improved" Lenny's for a while now.
Having a lazy, relaxing Saturday we decided to give them a try.
You order at the counter, take a seat and they bring your order out for you.
The new diner style joint is clean and efficient with self serve Pepsi machines, which is kind of a  negative for us..we are a Coke only family, but hey they have Dr. Pepper and ice tea, sweet & unsweetened for non-Pepsi drinkers.
I ordered a #1 Ranch style with cheese (a single patty burger with lettuce, tomato, onion and mayo..lots of mayo), the husband ordered #2 (double patty)  Ranch style with bacon & cheese, no tomato, the child ordered a hot dog with ketchup.
Food came out fast and hot.
The burger was...well ok. Not great, not bad either, the cheese was melted and gooey which is a plus and they use red onion and Aunt Hattie's buns..another plus.
Fries are frozen variety with the addition of a seasoned salt, I like greasy fries and these weren't, not a bad thing to most though.
The all beef hot dog was average size on a very fresh seeded bun.
This Lenny's has a lot to offer for someone on a budget.
They sell ice cream too, but we found it a little over priced unlike the burgers and dogs.
Dinner for 3 was around $18..not bad.
Food was good and we would definately go again some day, but nothing really wowed.
Next time I want to order one of the specialty burgers like the Mexican or Cowboy.
I don't like that they charge $.30 for a very small cup if you want actual Ranch for the burger or fries..the same price if you want cheese sauce.
I also didn't like the fact that you have to have a key to use the restroom but there isn't a sign to state it, only a sign that says "restrooms for customers only"..if a kind lady wouldn't have approached me and told me I needed a key I probably would still be standing there thinking someone was taking a very, very long time.

Lenny is the man and his burgers are some of the best you'll find in the Valley!
I first met Lenny and his family at the Burger Battle a couple months ago.
After experiencing how great their burgers tasted and how nice the family was, my girlfriend and I decided we'll have to check out one of the actual restaurants in Phoenix.
I am glad we did because it reminded me why we gave Lenny's Burger our vote for best at the Burger Battle!
My girlfriend and I both ordered the Ranch Bacon Cheeseburger and it was out of this world!
Lenny came by to check and see how everything was and we informed him that everything was just as delicious as we remembered it from the contest.
It was nice to get to talk to him about Lenny's Burger history in Phoenix too.
The fries are awesome and I recommend trying one of their six dipping sauces.
Everything is reasonably priced, the seating area is nicely designed and clean, and service was great!
I'll definitely come back to Lenny's to satisfy my frequent burger cravings.

My boyfriend and I went to Lenny's Burger to use the free burger combo tickets we received from the Burger Battle.
My vote was for Lenny at the Burger Battle so I was thrilled to check out the actual restaurant.
I met Lenny and his family once before at the Burger Battle and thought they were friendly, informative, and very nice.
Today, he was at his restaurant and I got to hear about how Lenny's opened and some more about the family owned business!
Lenny moved from Detroit and has been in Arizona since 1984 serving his amazing burgers.
My visit here was fantastic.
I ordered a Ranch Bacon Cheeseburger with fries.
The service was great, the food was delicious (just the way I remembered it) and Lenny was there with a smile.
He even came by our table to see how everything was.
I recommend this place to anyone looking for great service and amazing burgers!!
Job well done Lenny!

The burgers were good, but nothing special.
They actually reminded me of Burger King.
My husband ordered the Cowboy Burger with fries and cheese dipping sauce.
I ordered the #1 combo, which is a single patty burger with fries and a drink.
The fries were the kind that I like, but they had a lot of salt on them.
All the items are priced really well.
I enjoyed the atmosphere.
It's made to look like a 50's Diner.
However, it also has a drive - thru, which I didn't even realize when I've driven by several times before.
When your order is ready, they call out your number and someone brings it to you.
When you walk in, it looks kinda small, but it helps that they have bar stools on onside along with booths.
I wish that there was a foot rest on the barstools though.
Oh well, I dealt with it.
I wanted to try their milkshakes....They looked really good, but I was full.
I will have to go back for one sometime.

I dont EVER write reviews about anything, but i just got done eating here and my experience was so bad i thought i had to say something.
First off we were treated rudely over the drive thru order radio.
We had to repeat our fairly small order three times and it still wasnt correct when we got to the window.
Second we waited for close to 30 minutes with only one car in front of us.
We finally got our food and went home to eat it.
Upon taking my first bite of my mexican burger i immediately started to gag and threw up a little in my mouth.
All i could taste was extremely burnt onions and insanely soggy bun.
I dont know how somebody could hand this food to somebody to eat and not feel bad.
I wouldnt even give what was left to the dog.
It went strait to the trash and now im ordering a pizza.
At least this 30 minute wait wont end badly.
Thumbs down Lennys

I'm being dead serious when I say that Lenny's is has the best burgers in Arizona.
My favorites are the Mexican burger and Pastrami burger.
My hubby loves the Cowboy burger.
Here's the thing, I don't like hamburgers, they are boring and have never been a choice of mine.
But then we moved down the street from Lenny's and I figured I'd give them a try.
Now it's our weekly treat.
They're shakes are too die for so don't forget to get one!
So many flavors to choose from.
Eat at Lenny's, you won't be disappointed I promise you!

Now Lennys is by no means completely bad but compared to what it used to be i am so disappointed and sad.
I've been coming here for 6 years and was always satisfied until the prep for the new building.
It obviously wasnt cheap to build a new place and i can tell they took it out on their loyal customers.
I used to be able to come here on my lunch break with a five dollar bill in hand and get a no 1 combo with a BIG soft drink.
First the price went up about a buck, thats fine its not gonna cost the same forever.
But then as they were planning the new build there went the big drink in exchange for a small drink not half the size it used to be.
Now with the new building open prices are even higher, food is nothing like it used to be (half assed), food takes ten times longer to come out, and none of the old friendly staff is there, just pimply teen agers that don't give a shit and are rood as hell.
Plus they now wrap their food in this tin foil shit that makes my food even worse bc now its soggy AND half assed- I'm assuming the new wrap is cheaper.
The whole place has become a production.
Lenny you may have had the best burger in town at one point and i may have agreed but not anymore, not even close.
I paid 9.48 for a no 1 combo with a beyond SMALL shake.
Long cry from its roots.
Just another burger king or mcdonalds now...

Lenny's Burger Birthday Celebration!!
October 31, 2012 5:00pm-9:00pm  Don't miss out on FREE FOOD!!!
Classic Car Show with "Trunk-Or-Treat"  Come and Meet Lenny himself!

The food was good but I went through the drive thru and my order was completely wrong.
Way bigger order than what I got so it worked out.
I would go back

A supreme burger joint.
You must eat here.

Outstanding Burgers..!!!
...in a world filled with substandard Burger Restaurants, this Joint proudly rises head and shoulders above the competition...!
with Superior quality ingredients and the old grill from the original Lenny's they make one of the best Damn Burgers in all of Maricopa County... Lenny's also has wonderful Fries & Onion Rings, you gotta get 1 or more of the 6 different made in house dipping sauces that they offer..!
and if you can manage a Shake too you won't be sorry.... and to top it off there's a Great staff to take and make your order to go or eat there in there Wonderful new 50's Chrome Diner... there are many Lenny's in the Valley, Please make sure you go to the one off the I-17 Freeway at Glendale Ave... That's The Only Lenny's That ROCKS My Burger World... ™    Lenny's Burger 2545 W. Glendale Ave Phoenix, AZ 85051

One of the best burgers in town!
And the fries are amazing with that seasoning on them!
And depending on how hungry you are, they've got a burger for you!
The new building is great, i feel i should be wearing a skin tight white t and levis!
I love the fifties look!
So if you're looking for a good burger, this is the place!

This is the perfect casual burger joint.
Counter service and self-serve drinks in a 50s diner atmosphere.
Clean tables and nice people.
The burgers are good.
I think the pictures don't really do them justice.
They taste much better than they look in those photos.
:)  The fries are great too, topped with a lovely savory seasoning salt.
They are so good with the house fry sauce, a spicy mayo.
I wish I could buy their seasoning salt and the fry sauce in jars to take home.
Onion rings were thick rings, battered and fried to a nice crispness.
Delicious.
No soggy rings here.
We liked every food item we tried.
Also, worth noting that they have a drive-thru.
Overall, just a great place to tuck into a burger and fixings.
It's probably a good thing I don't live too close, or I'd be here twice a week.
4 stars.

Food is good.
Service is spotty.
Drive through is always backed up, and is often not an option.
Time to get your food in the drive through is INSANE.
It makes no rational sense how long it takes.

I have went to this location over a hundred times in high school.
However, now as an adult the experience was not the same.
I called in to place an order for me and some fellow employees.
We have  anew Lenny's location opening down the street from my job and everyone was excited to try it.
I had asked the young lady on the phone if a pickup order was allowed to picked up through the drive through or if it was required to come inside.
I received a rude tone back when she replied that I could pickup through drive through.
At the moment I thought It was a mistake and she must have been really busy.
an Additional question I had considering it was a slightly larger order is when pickup would be available if needed we could wait a bit longer to guarantee everything be finished.
she assured me everything would be finished by 12:45  and when I arrived at 12:50.
My order had not even been started and it had been over an hour since the original order was placed.
So as I arrive at 12:50 they would not let me pick up the order through the drive through.
So I park my car and go inside and pay the bill which was a little over $60.00 the cashier looked at the receipt grabbed the cups and thrusted them in my direction saying go fill them up over there and wasn't even looking at me as she spoke.
So I ignore it and grab the cups and start filling them up for me and coworkers.
(which the soda was flat).
I continued to wait around for 20 additional minutes until our food was finally ready.
Thank fully one of the young men put all the bags in a box.
However, when I finally received the food I had asked if one of the employees could come help me bring it to the car which was parked literally right out front of the main entrance am about 2 months pregnant and not supposed to be carrying heavy things and the order was much heavier than I expected.
I was blatantly ignored and when I asked again.
My request was denied and I was forced to take everything in three trips to my car.
Once I got back to my place of employment we all quickly realized that every single order was messed up especially mine when I paid for additional toppings that were no where to be found.
and some of the fries were still frozen?
I literally couldn't believe what had happened.
I work in a customer service environment and I haven't seen that bad of customer service in a long time.
By that point I proceeded to call the location and request to talk to a manager.
However, I was never put through because each one of the  employees told me they are unavailable and hung up me before I could give a response.
I AM NEVER GOING TO THIS ONE AGAIN.
AND HONESTLY ME AND MY 15-20 EMPLOYEES WILL PROBABLY NOT ORDER FROM THE NEW LOCATION EITHER.
I literally have never been so disappointed in not only the food but the service as a human being I haven't been that disrespected from every angle in a long time.
I really hope they change this or do some company training in customer service and hire a better team for their new location on 28th Ave and Indian school.

Drive through time is still insane, as always.
But the oddest thing has happened.
A few weeks ago they switched to maple bacon, and now everything you order tastes like Maple.
Maple burgers, Maple chicken, Maple French Fries.
I have no idea how it's possible, but it's horrible.
Please, go back to everything not tasting like Maple!
I can't eat there until they fix this.

WOW!
Found this place thanks to reviews from YelpFriends, and boy, they were right - the burgers are fantastic!
Really, really awesome big burgers at low prices; super seasoned fries and even fish 'n chips for your anti-social burger-free cousin.
Big portions and great prices; an almost-new restaurant in an area it's tough to find anything nice in, and great 50's-diner atmosphere inside - not hokey and over the top like some retro diners, but just right.
I can't recommend it more highly!

I've been eating at their midtown location for years, and recently meet a friend here for lunch Sunday afternoon.
While not as hectic as the other spot, the food was equally amazing.
The Mexican burger and fries is my standard order, and I saw no reason to change this up.
Fast, friendly service should be expected, and they nailed it.

I am impressed!
Huge, delicious burgers, bargain priced.
They have a nice menu with a variety of burgers and good looking hot dogs too.
I had a  double cheese burger.
It was flame grilled and besides being big and juicy, had a nice smoky taste.
The fries were hot, crisp and nicely seasoned.
After eating his 3/4 lb TRIPLE cheeseburger, my teen son had to have some ice cream.
For just over a buck, he got a generous soft serve cone with that crunch coat stuff that I haven't seen since I was a kid.
The place was very clean and the staff were all polite, helpful and friendly.
I foolishly drove by Lenny's for years, thinking it might not be so good.
Don't make my mistake!
I loved Lenny's and can't wait to go back.

I do like tasty burgers.
I normally get chicken sandwiches at fast food restaurants, but the place has "burgers" in the menu, so I thought "why not?".
I'm glad I went with my gut here.
I simply had the single burger but it was definitely enough to fill me up!
My 15 mo son had yet to eat a hamburger before today, and he ate his whole slider!
My husband had the Cowboy burger and it was huge and delicious.
Prices are extremely reasonable for what you get.
The atmosphere was fun, too.
Only 4 stars because we got a drink and filled the cup with Sobe, and it tasted waaaay watered down.

food is solid.
garlic mushrooom swiss brought a didferent element to a burger.
fries are above average and milkshakes are some of the best ive had in AZ!

Definitely the best burger joint in town and one i stop into frequently.
Fresh ingredients and perfectly cooked.
Had my first one cooked by Lenny himself at a motocross track!
Don't forget the fries either

The maple saga is over, and everything is delicious again!

We were just here for a few days from Washington state and I actually just came here to get a t-shirt for my son, whose name is Lenny.
Unfortunately, they didn't have any.
It was such a cute place we decided to stay and just have some fries and sodas since we had a dinner date later.
The fries were perfect and the atmosphere was great.
Looking over the menu we saw alot of things we were interested in having and the prices were good.
We plan on coming back soon to try some.
The best part of Lenny's burger I have to say is this.
I went online to see if they sold the t-shirts online (they don't), but I sent a email off to them asking how to get one.
The response was fast and they asked what size I wanted and where to send it, and I got one in the mail a few days later at no charge!!
I'm not sure exactly who did that because they did not give me their name.
But I thought that was great of them to do so.
You don't usually find places that do that kind of thing anymore.
They definitely rate 5 stars in my book!

I love their Reubens pastrami sandwiches.
And the old school feel of this place.
They have great food and shakes.
Yummmy!.....

