Excellent, fast and professional!
I highly recommend this company!

I would use this company again.
Tom was very helpful and patient as I was trying to get my documents scanned to him.
Since we had a deadline to meet and the carbon copy, court house documents weren't readable via scan, Tom drove to the court house and picked up better copies saving me a long drive across town.
Great service.

Fast and friendly service; quick to return calls, helpful as can be.
Haven't used a process server in many years; nice to know there are still some around that actually care about providing good service at a reasonable price!
Thanks!

As unfortunate it is that it had to get to the point of needing a process server, I'm sure glad I found Superior Process Services.
After having a horrible experience with another local company, that promised me they could serve my papers, only to tell me a few days later that "they aren't what I'm looking for" and that I need to "give them more time/information to serve my paperwork" (on time-sensitive material), and being extremely rude on the phone, I found Superior Process Services.
The process server, Tom, was absolutely exceptional and willing to serve early morning.
He was extremely professional and honest, communicated with me very well and kept me "in the know" with what was going on.
I hired Tom, and within less than 12 hours, my documents were served.
When he told me that my papers had been served, I couldn't believe it.
Tom really knows his stuff, and it's clear that he's been in the business a long time.
He's got process serving down to a science, and I VERY highly recommend Superior Process Services!

Fast, reliable, incredibly helpful and friendly.
They helped us out in a bind and provided the best service you could ask for with a smile!
Very professional and I highly recommend them.
We will be using them again!

The associates at Superior did an outstanding job for me - especially since the person was obviously avoiding the paperwork.
Tom and his team wouldn't give up - and finally served him!!
thank you so much for your help!!!
I HIGHLY recommend them for anyone needing to serve someone!

Superior process servives was fast, friendly, and reliable!
I would definately use them again.
Tom is Awesome!!!!
Sincerely,  Mary Lynn

I switched over to Superior Process Services and they are AMAZING!!!!!
Tom & Wendy are very responsive and determined to find those who are evading service.
I highly recommend their services.

I have never had to use a process server, but I did have a very positive experience with Tom at Superior Process Servers.
I had mailed documents to my former husband, and the green card for certified mail was signed both times by his secretary - not constituting actual service since he didn't personally sign for the documents.
So I decided to call this company.
Tom was so helpful and so knowledgable!
He helped me realize that in ' Rule 40-43' there was a deadline for service of the documents that I had already missed.
Because of his suggestion for an alternative solution, I was able to work around having missed the deadline, so in fact I never ' hired' Tom, but with his help, I didn't have to.
That says a lot!
If I am ever in need of a process sever, no question - I will call Superior Process Servers.
Tom got the job done, saving me heartache & stress.

Similar to many of the reviews, I have nothing but positive words to say about Tom.
I have never used a processor service before and I feel very fortunate to have found him.
I initially spoke to him on the phone and he was very courteous and knowledgeable.
I also met him and he was kind enough to spend some time with me to gain a better understanding of the situation and to determine the best way to serve the papers.
The whole process was done without any problems and Tom did an excellent job in answering all my questions and keeping me updated on a timely basis.
I cannot stress how much I truly appreciated Tom's professionalism and kindness.
He helped alleviated a lot of stress during a very difficult time.
Thank you so much Tom.

It's unfortunate that I have to deal with an irresponsible person that damaged my property and will not pay.
Now I have to take him to court.
This is the first time I have had a need for such services.
I called two other companies before calling SPS.
I let them know that this was the first time I had ever used this type of service.
They were very nice, patient, and professional.
They explained the process to me and that they would file with the court once the tenant was served.
I let him know that the tenant would not give me his forwarding address, but I had a work address.
They assured me that the tenant would be served.
They served him in a timely manner and provide me a copy of the Service via email for my records.
I would definitely use them and recommend them for future services.
They are highly recommended, don't bother calling around like I did.
These guys are SECOND TO NONE.

Great customer service, quick and easy service.
Highly recommend.
Got the job done after one of there so called Fast competitors couldn't do the job after 7 trys!!

