Came out to Phoenix for a business convention.
Arrived a night earlier so needed a place to stay before going to the Scottsdale Resort.
This place is decent, definitely hard to navigate to being on the other side of the freeway, so be sure to map out directions to get here!
Room rate was $59.95, $54.95 with triple A discount!
Great thing that I loved about this place was that upon 6am arrival in Phoenix, other motels (Marriott) told me that check out was at noon the same day!
So I would only be able to rest for 6 hours and pay full room rate of $90.
Booooo!
Red Roof Inn said that with 6am checkin, I could check out the following day at noon for $54.95.
Not too shabby seeing to it that I was leaving to check in at the resort at 2pm the same day!
Awesome!
Hotel was pretty clean, nice showers, decent beds, and good environment!
Also, the parking lot does have a security guard walking around to make sure your cars are safe and sound while you are resting :)   All in all, not too shabby, I would definitely stay here again if I'm around this neck of the woods in Phoenix.
Cheers!

I went to see some friends that I hadn't met yet, my longest bike trip so far.
Spent two nights here without any issues.
Checked in Friday, 08/24/12, Checked out 08/26/12.
Below are some of the details.
First, the "Nitty";    For the most part, I don't care too much what a place looks like.
I can't see a thing when I'm sleeping.
That's why I checked in... to sleep after an 800 mile ride.
When I woke up the next day I was happily surprised with how clean everything was.
My room, the lobby, even outside the Inn was kept very nice.
The WiFi worked well with out issues, (I mention that because another chain hotel in Las Vegas, NV.
barely worked at all.
)  I don't have any complaints about the lack of a complimentary breakfast.
There are plenty of places to eat nearby, some within walking distance.
Don't forget, I came here to sleep, (well, the shower came in handy too).
not be fed.
They did have complementary coffee.
Happy about that!
I was in need of some caffeine Sunday morning as my butt was dragging a little.
To my pleasant surprise the coffee was actually good!
Cheers to the person who made it!
Second, the "Gritty";    I am very protective of my bike, it's the only one I have and I'd like to keep it for a while.
I can't always sleep next to it with a shotgun, besides, that would defeat the purpose of getting a room.
I found a good, well lit parking space in front of the lobby.
What really put my mind at ease was Reuben, the Security Guard on duty for those two nights.
I'm sure he understood how important my bike is to me.
I slept very well those two nights knowing he was on the job.
Third, "The Crown Jewel";    The woman at the check in desk that night was Lynsday.
She was well skilled at handling all my OCD questions and answered them very professionally.
She didn't just blow me off, but took extra care and made me very comfortable.
She was very patient with me after 800 miles of tired and forgetting my reading glasses.
If/When I go to Phoenix I won't bother checking any other hotels!
I'm going straight to this Red Roof Inn.

Nice place, clean, spacious room.

Really Nice  Really nice, properly clean & maintained.
The only complaint that I have is in regards to the security "guard".
When you see people tripping and fumbling over their luggage, it would be nice of you to help them with the door instead of just watching them.

Came into town for spring training, stayed at this location: front desk was super helpful especially Terry!!
Thank Red Roof Inn!

