15 years we've been going to NW Clinic for Children.
Since the week our daughter was born.
We've been going to Dr. Kennedy since before she was a Kennedy and we prefer to see nobody else.
We've seen other doctor's in the office at times, but none are as fabulous and Dr. K.  Love her.
Trust her.
Highly recommend her.
Simply awesome!

After 3 other Dr.'s misdiagnosed by 9 yr old daughter, a friend suggested that I take her to the NW Clinic for Children.
They worked me in and Dr. Galles told me that before we left they would figure out what was wrong with her.
15 minutes later he had figured it out.
Dr. Galles even called that afternoon to review her test results with me (that were transferred over from another Dr.'s office) and make sure all of my questions were answered.
I would highly recommend this office for anyone that is looking for a good Pediatrician.

my children have been patients for 20 years but, sadly, things have changed.
Customer service is less a focus...my  daughter had her first bladder infection and I tried to get her in...nurse never called back, when I went to the office to get help they wouldn t let me leave a specimen and told me she d have to wait for the next morning for an appt..then when I called for office manager to discuss my frustration she never called back either....Disturbing!
I will be picking up my records and changing doctors...

Simply the best!
Dr. Irwin has never let us down!
Angela in referrals bends over backwards and treats you as though you are family.
There is no one bad there you can't go wrong!
They schedule you quickly often the same day!

This place is awesome!
I'm a new mom and the first 2 months of my daughters life I called just about everyday and went in almost once a week lol.
They are always so sweet and helpful.
And they never made me feel crazy, they just gave me the comfort I needed to make me feel better.
I've seen dr. Kaus and dr. Kennedy both women are amazing!
So happy with my decision to go here.
And so appreciative of the patients and care they've shown to me, my husband, and my daughter.

