3.5 ez stars  They have a meal that is over 11 bucks...lol  We had a nice quick simple dinner here.
The staff was underdressed and a little unattentive but i do not go here for wait service.
We had 9 of us and 5 were kids.
They made the food to perfection and nothing was old, cold, or bad.
I was impressed.

I know it has been awhile since I patroned one, but I couldn't believe how expensive this BK was.
We ordered two of the cheaper meals, no frills, and it was over $15.
Aside from the price, it took forever for someone to take our order even though we were the only customers in line.
The food came fairly fast and it was decent, but the prices alone will keep me from coming back.

this location has higher prices than any location i have been !
althought t.v advertises $1.00 menu....this location charges their own higher prices....  their reasoning is....hard to find employees?
i was there a couple weeks ago and got a simple ice cream cone and the man did not bother to hold the cone on the wrapper, but instead held the actual cone....i do not know this mans sanitary habits but i just couldnt get myself to eat the cone......thats what the paper wraps are for!!
i am often in this area and very seldom to i stop here....only when the other places have a long line do i come here, knowing there is never a line....because there are not a whole lot of customers!
there is a mcdonald up the street that has $1.00 drinks and a $1.00 menu...that is actually a dollar....  this is a lower income area , therefore one would think prices  would be more affordable than say...scottsdale!
wrong!
bon appetite!
it'll cost ya

The reason they are so expensive is because this location is a franchise.
It's always been on the high side in terms of prices.
Food is kind of on the average ground, and while convenient for a location, they should realize their high prices won't help them whatsoever.
Haven't gone to this location in years, but I'm not surprised they haven't lowered their prices.

WARNING!!!!
DO NOT GO THROUGH THE DRIVE THROUGH.
Went there last Saturday and waited 20 minutes in line at the drive through.
Thought it was an isolated incident so went back Sunday afternoon, waited 15 minutes.
When I finally got to the window I saw a manager wearing a white button down shirt and black jeans wearing glasses, I told him my complaint and he mumbled something and turned away.
Never any apologies and what's worst no one seemed to care.
I will never go there!

I received a coupon in the mail at my home & this location was the closest.
Interestingly enough they wouldn't accept the coupon, said they don't honor coupons...bad customer service I would say.
Giving this location 1 star only because Yelp required it to post my review.

Two times now I've been to this location and they were not participating in advertised specials, and frankly I am just tired of it.
It would be nice if the corporate franchise would make franchisees post clearly if they are not participating in wide-range advertisements, but I've learned my lesson about this location.
I won't be stuck in their drive through trying to get dinner for my kids again.
I recommend any of the other locations in the area, I have never had this kind of difficulty anywhere else.

Slowest.service.ever...
It doesn't matter if you're ordering one item or twenty it will take you at least 15 min to get thru when there is no one else in line!
They have over 4 employees working, no customers and yet it takes forever to place your order and GET your food.
They always apologize about the wait and yet do nothing to fix it.
To top it you see them moving at a snails pace and don't acknowledge you just stand there... Ugh!
So frustrating!
Avoid this place as much as possible

Food is the standard fast-food.
Store is clean.
Staff always seems extremely bored and lifeless when I go.
No smiles.
More like "Here's you food, now go!
" The fact they do not take BK coupons miffs me too.

