My wife and I paid a visit to Shangri La Ranch.
It looks overall okay.
We just were not ready for joining in the lifestyle of naturists.
We are not ready to do the clothing optional thing.
Not yet.
We still have our hangups.
The people are friendly though.
The office people were more then happy to show us around.

I really enjoy this place.
Very relaxed and friendly people.
The ammenities aren't bad but the people are so very nice and genuine.
Not a swingers club just a great place to relax and have fun naked.
Try it you'll like it!
I did.

I had a chance to make a day visit while on vacation in the area.
June is their slow season so I had a good chance to explore the property.
Bigger than I expected with a pair on nice nature trails.
The facilities are first rate with two excellent pools.
The property is well maintained.
They have many permanent site users, so a walk around the park is a real treat to see how the properties are adorned.
The staff was super friendly and welcoming.
A summer visit would be a great opportunity to try out a nudist venue for a first timer.
They offer a free first visit.

Heard about this place and ran across the free guest pass offer when I visited their Web site, so I came up for a visit.
This is a large RV park (100 spaces?
) that welcomes everything from little old travel trailers to big Diesel pushers.
There are many full-time residents, and also vacationers and overnighters.
You don't have an RV?
Ok, there are motel type rental rooms, cottages with a living room, TV, and stocked kitchens, as well as a 3 bedroom lodge for a large group, and tent camping spots.
Recreation here includes swimming in the big, warmish L-shaped swimming pool, relaxing in the fairly hot (104°?
) spa, cooking out your impurities in the sauna, and playing Water Volleyball in its own pool.
There is also Tennis, trail hiking, horseback riding (your horse?
), Basketball, Petanaque, Horseshoes, Darts, a Workout Room, gift shopping, a Club House, pool tables, playground equipment and more.
I enjoyed a Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich ($6) and an order of Onion Rings ($2) in the "Bare Buns Cafe.
"  It's open weekends only in summer, from breakfast time.
All ages are welcome here and there's plenty for kids to do.
The place is well maintained, the staff friendly, and this "out in the sticks" area of the Valley is quite nice...  hilly with lots of big trees, tall cactus & so on.
One thing to know is that while the ranch overall is "clothing optional," the swimming pools and spa are skinny dip only.
(Everyone's behavior here was nice & "G" rated, as the ranch rules require.
)  First visits are free with the coupon downloadable on the Web site.
After that adults are $26 with certain discounts available, kids less, and Annual Memberships are offered as well.
Wi-Fi is available and free.
I enjoyed my visit here today.
:-)

