I thought it would be better to buy a waterbed from a local business in case of warranty problems so I went to Waterbed City.
They keep odd hours so it took me a couple of trips to find them open.
There prices were considerably higher than on the internet but I thought with shipping and all it wouldn't be to much more.
Don't be fooled you pay through the nose at Waterbed City.
Everything about the place from the sales people on screamed don't do business here but I did.
The next day I really thought it over and realized I had paid to much and called to say I wanted to return it.
I was informed that I could not because anything reduced in price could not be returned.
That is not how their return policy on the discount policy was explained to me.
Now I am having a problem with what I bought and you guessed it-I have to deal with the manufacturer directly.
I don't recommend doing business with this merchant.
I should have known better.
Profit from my mistake.

Last month my wife and I went to Waterbed city and furniture to shop  bedding furniture for our condo in Scottsdale .
We freely browsed the store with no pressure  and then explained our needs.
The staff were quite attentive, courteous and knowledgeable  and helped us to select the right bedding furniture.
Their   price  was even lower of the same in the internet.
They delivered our furniture on time and set them up in our house and even happily rearrange them a few times until my wife was satisfied.
They cleaned up and hulled away the boxes and derbies.
They called us next day to check if we were happy with the furniture and their service and remind us that they are a phone call away if we have any  issue.
My wife and I are very happy with Waterbed city and furniture and we sincerely recommend them.

Went today to see what was available in the waterbed world.
The sales staff was extremely helpful & definitely has the best selection in the state.
Things in the store were a little dusty, but salesman was extremely helpful & informative.
I wasn't sure if we ordered anything it would be ordered or given directly from the store.
I'm not sure if things in the store are even available to purchase anymore.
Overall, it seemed they are the most informative in waterbeds.
If we purchase we'll definitely purchase from here.

