This is sprawling, brand new  "campus" located right in downtown mesa.
performing arts stages, galleries, classes, restaurants...this city-run campus is a really, really nice venue to do anything.
my architect friend said the campus was a little...over the top... there are lot of things going on, and it is a little overwhelming.
but not a disjointing experience.
every month they do their Sound in the Ground events, which are aimed at younger, hipper crowds.
they feature music that relates to the new, featured exhibit.
for example, February's theme was Salsa to coincide with an exhibition of La Loteria (which was AMAZING), and they had latin/retro/surfer rock band perform, and margaritas on special at their cash bar.
the hold the events in this beautiful below ground courtyard with plenty of tables and chairs, or you can sit right on the graduated concrete step in front of the travertine  flowing waterwall.
you really have to see it to appreciate it.
be sure to check out Sound in the Ground before it gets to hot to hang out and listen to music outside!

Everytime I think of Mesa Arts Center, I quote the famed Kevin Costner movie Field of Dreams "If you build it...they will come".
Unfortunately, the dreamers of Mesa Arts Center imagined a thriving artsy downtown for Mesa...and the bastards still didn't come!
I first came here for a movie screening/art show-and while parking is easy in Mesa, it was extremely confusing around the campus to figure out which buildings were which...and the creepy quiet of Mesa doesn't help.
I finally went to the move screening in an extremely elegant theatre-then crossed the way to a stunning building that had stairs leading to a kind of sunken ampitheater/open space with more doors leading to gallery space.
Really complex and kind of goregous-it does have a bit "too much" goin' on, but really-this is an incredible space with the unfortunate curse of having absolutely NOTHING going on around it to go to!
With the advent of WindUp Gallery, S'Bistro, and other storefronts in Downtown Mesa slowly colouring in the lines of promised culture in Mesa, this could become a flagship of a kind of Field of Dreams...until then, plan to jump on the 60 and hit bars in Tempe.

The colorful, quirky building seems out of place in a quiet city like Mesa.
Located off of First Avenue and Country Club, the arts center is a fun place to see a mellow and intimate show.
Mesa-turned-national act Jimmy Eat World recently performed to a sold-out crowd in the arts center and Valley medium Allison DuBois (from NBC's "Medium") packed them in last year when she hosted a book discussion and signing.
The arts center has a lot of potential.
They just need to bring in bigger people and bands to garner some attention.

Our first visit to the Mesa Arts Center was for the Dave Koz and Friends 10th annual Christmas Jazz show at the Ikeda Theatre (seating for 1588).
We had balcony seating with a good view of the stage "from on high" but the acoustics were surprisingly good for the cheapest seats.
The two hour plus show was nearly non-stop smooth jazz and the singing was the highest caliber.
Every note could be heard static free and seemed flawless to a novice ear.
The performance was high energy and very entertaining but one wonders how the smallest saxophone, that looked like a toy instrument from our vantage point, could be so masterfully played and heard from afar.
Our only complaint would be the occasional glaring light from the stage but the solution is to simply close one's eyes.
All in all a very enjoyable holiday show with an excellent venue and worth returning in the future to check out the other three theaters.

The MAC rocks!
It is a fully modern arts venue with great architecture and 4 (count 'em) four performing arts spaces.
I've seen three shows at MAC  and I've had a great time, every time.
Add to this the fine arts education center and the museum (which I have yet to visit).
The Store, as they call the gift shop, is full of the regularly gallery store crap.
But it also has handmade ceramic, glass and jewelry pieces created by students in the education program.
All are affordable, and some of the pieces are actually really good.
Check it out next time you need a cool gift.

I've been to Mesa Arts Center twice, and I love it!
The level of attention to detail throughout the campus makes it look really classy, which I love.
From landscaping to bathroom fixtures, this place deserves five stars.
On both visits, I had to deal with the box office staff.
In this day and age, one would hope that I could simply buy the tickets I need online and be done.
But my group's plans changed (the first time) and the second time I stupidly bought tickets for the wrong date.
The box office staff should get their own review - incredibly helpful and patient (both times), everything I could have hoped for.
In conclusion, this place is great, you should find lots of things to attend here.

I'm still amazed this is in MESA.
I echo everything said so far.
I really want to take some classes here.
Glass blowing!
Yes!

I am definitely impressed!!!
I mean this is Mesa, conservative, boring Mesa.
Don't get me wrong it is not Scottsdale, Tempe, Phoenix or maybe even Chandler, but Mesa is starting to get it.
I am amazed by the Arts Center it is bigger than the little house they used to house all of these activities in.
There outdoor concerts on Friday I have been to a few times and am impressed by the difference in people, just a good variety and every seems to be having a good time.
Keep growing Mesa, a couple more little hot spot down and around the area wouldn't hurt.

My wife and I saw a musical here and loved the theatre.
Loved the atmosphere.
The grounds outside are beautiful.
My wife is a photographer and uses the grounds for family pictures and other shoots.
We actually had our engagement pictures taken here when it first opened.
Defiantly worth a stop by to walk around the grounds, especially at night, it looks so cool at night.
Because of this place, Mesa gets an extra star, its now up to 3 stars (how i wish we could review cities :)

The Mesa Arts Center is certainly an impressive modern sight in the old fashioned Downtown Mesa area.
My wonderful husband surprised me this past weekend to tickets to my favorite show, Tap Dogs, and it happened to be at this theatre.
As we walked around the grounds, I couldn't help but be impressed with the interesting architecture and all the work that went into keeping the grounds beautiful and fun to look at as well.
There are so many things/areas to look at outside, there's no way you would get bored while waiting for a show.
Once inside the Ikeda Theatre, we were greeted by very friendly ushers who happily showed us to our seats as well as made a few jokes along the way.
The interior of the theatre is quite impressive, something that I think will certainly stand the test of time and ultimately become quite the destination for performers.
The seats were comfortable, the acoustics were wonderful and the layout tried to make every seat as good a seat as possible.
I really enjoyed this theatre and I would love to see another show here.

I just went to my first show at the Mesa Arts Center, in the Ikeda Theatre.
It is a beautiful venue with great acoustics.
It clearly a great mix of technology and architectural style.
I was very impressed.
What is best to me is that it wasn't elbow to elbow with pretentious types of people which you would expect to be herded with in these types of venues.
This is clearly a place to see great musicians and artists.
The grounds and classrooms are very nice to walk and observe on a cool October evening.
Look to see what they have coming, and go out and enjoy.

Tons of potential, this place is on the precipice of awesomeness

I have seen a few shows at Mesa Arts Center and I have enjoyed every one.
The facilities are clean, the atmosphere is nice, and parking isn't too difficult.
I have only really spent time the Ikeda Theatre.
The seating is good, I have never sat in the balcony, but I have sat in the back section of the lower level and could still see fine.
The acoustics in the theatre are great, I wish that there were more shows that I would like to see there.
When I have some more time, I would really like to check out the rest of the facility in more detail, but from what I have briefly seen, the rest looks really good as well.

Being less prone to blathering on and on about every move or movement I take, I'm opting for the "short and sweet" approach.
In a word, this place is as good as it gets!
I have seen about 8 shows in the Ikeda Theater so far and I drool at the thought of going again if the right act is performing.
I won't list the acts I've seen in order to not "name-drop" like many of you are prone to doing.
Suffice it to say; ample parking, comfy seats, leg-room, impressive architecure and spot-on acoustics make this venue a true treasure.
It does feel good to write this positive review in so few words, unlike those of you who need 3000 words to slam some struggling restaurant.

Mesa Arts Center is a treasure.
Consistently the best performing arts center in the Phoenix Metro area.
As a member the last 4 or 5 years, I've seen 30+ shows, and I always enjoy the facilities.
The Ikeda theater is one of the most beautiful I've ever been in and is in a completely different class than, say, Scottsdale or Chandler's centers for the arts.
(note:  I haven't yet been to the Tempe Center for the Performing Arts).

The first time I went to Mesa Arts Center was one of the first times I had been to Mesa in many years, and I was skeptical.
As we drove down "Country Club" passing Beer World, The Pawn Man, and a check cashing business on every corner, I didn't expect much.
But as we got to Main Street, things started looking up.
And then we arrived....completely unexpectedly, this gorgeous modern building emerges.
First off, this place is huge.
With several art galleries and beautifully landscaped grounds, Mesa Arts Center hosts performances ranging from music, theater, and dance to comedy and National Geographic Live.
We've since returned for the Nat Geo series several times and never cease to be impressed by the architecture, the acoustics, and the staff.
On one visit, we had vouchers to exchange for "whatever is left" seats and were given seats so good, we try to request them now.
And I love that the parking garage is steps away and only $5!

I have attended several performances at the MCA and enjoyed them all.
The physical facilities are top notch and the outdoor areas (when the weather is accommodating) is lovely.

I come here a couple of times a year to see the SRB perform, and it's really an awesome venue (probably my favorite that I've seen in the Valley).
The layout and architecture is really nice, and it's just a pleasant place to be in.
The staff is always nice, parking isn't a pain, it's a great place to spend an afternoon or evening watching a performance.

Loved this place!!
Def something worth checking out.
Great architecture, and the layout is very creative as well.
There are 5 studios of art to check out and all of them were nice and very interesting.. and only $3.50 to get in and walk around!
nice cheap way to beat the heat for an hr or two!

We just saw The Decemberists here and it was one of the best shows I have ever been to.
Aside from the fact that this is my favorite band, the venue itself was fantastic.
Not too big, not too small and great customer service.The acoustics were phenomenal.
It is easy to find and parking is free if you find a spot in one of the nearby neighborhoods.
Here's to hoping that another great band will soon perform here!

I've been to a number of shows here, and performed in a couple as well.
The theaters are top notch - both front and back of house.
The seating is a little close - for tall people like me it's a little rought when someone needs to cross in front of you - but that's nearly the same in every seated venue (a lot like a standard mpvie theater).
It seems like every seat is decent.
The only challenge I've had is that sometimes the volunteers can be a bit overzealous.
The other problem is that downtown Mesa is pretty dead when the shows are over.
There's nowhere to walk around and get a bite, etc.
It's a bit like they roll the sidewalks up.
Maybe as the area grows a bit that will change.

We visited the Mirazozo exhibit here, which was excellent.
It was very colorful and great for photos, although you will need to be patient with all of the crowding.
There were also many other activities around the center, such as LEGO building stations for kids and human statues that were interacting with visitors.

We stumbled upon this place when we had some time to kill in downtown Mesa on a Friday afternoon.
We were drawn in by the amazing architecture.
We loved all the water features.
The one that runs through the main outdoor area as a creek is really nice.
We saw that the museum had free admission and decided to check it out.
It was pretty small but it was really nice.
They had some cool exhibits going on.
I loved the Jeff Falk gallery which featured a lot of really interesting collage work.
Then Offerings - Gifts for the Muse gallery was also great.
If features some really unique sculptures made of a variety if materials.
My favorite was entitled "Tiffany Box and Trophy Wife Ring.
" Awesome.
Mesa has a real gem here and you can't beat free.

This theatre is a mini, modern looking Metropolitan Opera house.
I'm pretty sure it was designed with the same shape and space in mind, but with less tiers and no swarovski crystal chandeliers.
I came here last night for the death cab for cutie concert and had a great time!
Everything about the experience was easy and pleasant.
Parking: there is a garage behind the building that is $5 per event.
It is large and easy to maneuver.
Willcall: fast and simple.
Give them your name and ID and receive a ticket, pretty standard.
Located to the left of the entrance and beyond the concession counters.
Performance space: comfortable and spacious!
The ushers are very friendly and efficient when guiding you to your seat.
The rows themselves are so wide, you don't have to move much when someone is walking by you to their seat.
Unless you or them are really big I suppose...
The performance itself: varied and interesting light design.
The sound could have been at bit louder for my taste, but it did make for easy conversation if you chose to talk during the music.
The building itself is beautifully designed, and as others have mentioned, the water feature outside is very nice, with tables and chairs surrounding it for extra lingering and relaxing in nice weather.
For concessions, we ordered two beers and a double captain and coke.
This came to $22, not cheap, but not breaking the bank either.
I would definitely return for more concerts!

Who would have thought a place this nice would be in Mesa?
(Sorry, city of Mesa)  Saw fun.
here a couple weeks ago, and it was the perfect venue for a show.
Great sound, lighting, good space, comfortable seats...Big enough to have a lot of energy but not so big that you feel like you are in a sea of people.
It's not the place for you if you want a crazy, mosh pit atmosphere, but I'm an old man now, and I've outgrown my mosh pit days.
The space has high ceilings, and touches like acoustic tiles, that make it a really versatile venue.
You could see a rock show, or a symphony, and the main hall is well equipped to handle it all.
The show was incredible, fun.
is amazing live, so that helped too, but I would happily return to this venue for a concert, classical, rock or anything in between.

lov this place,nice shows the architectural structure of this place is amazing.love the classes that hey offer at reasonable prices!

Stunningly well done for Mesa.
I am proud to h ave this cultural icon in Mesa.

Saw Mike Birbiglia last night and visited the Mesa Arts Center for the first time.
As others have mentioned, what a beautiful complex!
The Ikeda Theater is roomy and I don't think there is a bad seat in the house.
The ushers were very friendly and helpful, although someone should have bonked that idiot who kept putting his feet on the stage in the head.
What an amazing display of douchebaggery.
Would you put your feet on the table where a Master Chef is working?
I think not.
It was also lovely walking out after the show under the lights and the canopies.
I look forward to returning.

No lie, I'd pay $20 more to see a concert here than I'd pay at 99% of the venues I've been to.
Clean, booming sounds with crisp highs and lovely mids throughout the Fiona Apple show only make me wish more bands I love would come through Mesa.

11/04/12  HUGE Asian festival going on!
Brought my aunt with me to check out the "Fire & Sand: Contemporary American Glass" exhibit today, but we were surprised to find an Asian festival going on.
(From what I gathered, these Asian showcases of jewelry and crafts are fairly common here.
)  My aunt was very happy, as she loves to shop and haggle, and haggling is the norm in Manila (as it is in Asian cities), so she was in her element here!
I, on the other hand, was bored to tears.
Instead, I went off on a stroll while aunt shopped around; I eventually found some food trucks, and wouldn't you know that "Hey Joe" food truck was in the area.
We just ate a huge breakfast beforehand, so that was a bust.
I did find a Maui Shave Ice food truck, but that's another review for me to write...  We eventually did check out the free glass exhibit, and it was very much worth the drive to Mesa from North Scottsdale!
I hope you enjoy the contraband photos I took and uploaded.
I hope to return soon and check out a few live shows.

I saw Joan Baez perform here and the following was my experience:  I arrived late because of a BJJ competition and compounding my tardiness there was a protesting activist out front that ran up to me to hug and thank me for wearing an Iraq Veterans Against War member's shirt.
We talked for a good amount of time but eventually I got into the venue.
I had not bought a ticket because I was not sure if I would get out from the tournament fast enough to make it to the concert.
They informed me it was sold out at the box office.
My disappointment evident, they asked me why I had not purchased a ticket; I explained that I had driven from Las Vegas specifically to compete and for this show, but was not certain I could make it to the venue in time so held off on purchasing.
They benevolently listened to my story and asked me to give them a minute.
I told them that they could give me a seat anywhere and I would be happy.
I might have mentioned that I would sit on someone's lap if necessary.
In the end they gave (sold) me a ticket in a handicapable section of the balcony after checking their computer and some envelopes (which I would presume are unretrieved tickets of some sort) and I got to see the inside of the venue (it's a gem) and listen to what was remaining of an amazing concert.
So ....  * acoustics: CHECK * line of sight: CHECK * free parking (it was for me): CHECK * helpful, friendly staff: CHECK.
Why can't we have a Mesa Arts Center in Las Vegas?
- E

This review is for the kids camps.
In search of a winter camp for my daughter, I luckily stumbled upon Mesa Center for the Arts.
We signed up for the three days after New Year's.
Honestly, I felt like there wasn't much information available on what the kids would be doing, and was hoping that what I cobbled together from a phone call and searching online wasn't too good to be true.
Happily, I can report that the camp fully met my expectations.
The curriculum includes performance arts (acting/drama, dance, and music) and visual arts (e.g., puppetry, painting, drawing).
I'm just trying to recall what my daughter actually did in those three days.
The potential projects that are possible seem to run the gambit of classes offered to adults.
I was looking for a camp opportunity where my daughter can have fun and learn something and not just play all day.
You know.
You pick up your child and ask them what they did.
"Nothing.
"  "You did nothing!?
"  "I don't remember.
"  "Did you have fun?
"  "Yes.
"  Mesa Center for the Arts provides a good balance of actually learning something and having fun.
My daughter made a variety of puppets (e.g., finger, sock) that are displayed in our living room.
She also made a dream catcher, a sun catcher, and some paintings and drawings.
She always had great stories to tell me after camp.
One day she couldn't stop talking about how much fun she had in dance class.
Kids signed up day-to-day in winter camp, and all of the projects lasted one day.
Summer camp will be week-to-week, and I am keen to see what the week-long projects look like.

I saw Bonnie Raitt in the Ikeda Theater this past Sunday night, and what a concert!
I've been to dozens of concerts, and this one is in my top 3 now.
This was my first time hearing a musical performance in this venue and the sound quality is amazing.
Ms. Raitt even called it a "beautiful church".
I can't say enough good things about this theater.
The ushers are always friendly and helpful, it's easy to navigate with several elevators and wide stairs, and restrooms are plentiful.
The only drawback Sunday night was that it was incredibly slow to get a cocktail, but no worries.
Mr. M and I can wait, drink better scotch at home, and save our $8/per.

Saw Brian Setzer and his band years ago and the acoustics in the Ikeda Theatre were great; setting: modern and clean.
Enjoyed a smaller production at the intimate 500-seat Piper Theatre and it was an equally ideal venue.
Helpful, friendly staff all around (I'm assign volunteers?).
Will definitely be back.

Went here during a 2nd Friday in Downtown Mesa that is held weekly.
They had a special Ron Burns event in the big area downstairs.
And there may have been some other event happening as there were ushers around.
Nice location.
Parking was hard only because there is huge construction going on Main St right now.
But parking is free after 5pm weekdays.
Nice.
There is street parking available and the area isn't too bad that you need to worry about parking on the street.
Parking in the garage is scarier cuz it is dark in there.
And the spaces are skinny.
I like parallel parking on the street.
I was in the minority.

It's free now!
Free stuff = good.
I've only been a handful of times but they seem to favor contemporary art (which is my preference).
It's a great place to spend a hot Phoenix afternoon.
Did I mention it's free?

For live tunage, I tend to go to the smaller, more intimate venues of the valley...you know, Crescent, Sail Inn, Martini Ranch, and even sometimes the dreaded Marquee.
A few nights ago was my first visit to the Mesa Arts Center, to see Rodrigo y Gabriela.
Holy crap, was I impressed!
-The architecture is totally gorgeous inside and out -The venue itself had great acoustics -Parking was cheap ($5 garage) -Legit concessions offerings for decent prices (canned local beer for $6 - not bad...I'm actually surprised they serve beer considering it's Mesa!
-Friendly staff and ushers (who looked to be in the 60-80 year old range)  Guess who's signing up for concert updates for MAC?

Nice venue with great sound and plenty of free parking if you are willing to walk across Main Street.

Spectacular place

The MAC is a lovely venue...with numerous theaters and a very eclectic schedule of events.
It is the home of Southwest Shakespeare, Class 6 Theater, and Mesa Encore Theater, but it also has touring artists such as Lyle Lovett and Olivia Newton John.
Parking is adequate and, unless there is a big name on stage, it is free.
Be prepared, however, to have to pay....you never know when.
There is some street parking available.
The grounds are lovely and well maintained.
My biggest issue has NOTHING to do with the MAC and everything to do with downtown Mesa.
There are no after hours places to walk to after an event if you want to have a drink or even a coffee.

Mr. M and I saw Lyle Lovett and his Large Band last night in the Ikeda Theater and in spite of the woman next to me talking loudly throughout the show and wearing 14 gallons of an awful perfume----I don't have a sensitive sniffer so if it irritates my sinuses, it should probably have a Hazmat sticker on it.
In spite of the couple in front of us in the balcony who violated every rule of concert etiquette you can think of, including:  hanging over the edge of the balcony and blocking our view with the cowboy hat perched on the Mr.'s empty noggin and talking on the phone during the show.
They leaned so far over the balcony rail that I was sure I'd see at least the hat take a dive, and maybe even Darwin's law get enacted, and Dipshit McDoucherson would go on over after it.....but.....no that didn't happen.
That would be sad for the innocent victims that moron would have landed on.
There is something seriously wrong with some people.
And in spite of the fact that it was kind of warm in the Theater ----hey it's August in the desert....The entire evening I never really felt that nice refreshing chill of A/C.
...the concert was amazing.
Lyle and his band were phenomenal.
The amount of talent on that stage.....well, I'm so glad we went.
The sound in the Ikeda Theater just blows me away.
I'm still trying to figure out where I really like to sit so I'll keep trying other areas.
#12, seats 1 and 2 in the balcony were not great for us, but I knew going in it was limited visibility.
I just didn't think I would have an idiot hanging over the railing in front of us.
Where was the usher?
They are all over the place, and last night I noticed they were so absorbed in the concert the ones around me really weren't paying attention to the patrons and their shenanigans.
If you haven't been here yet you really need to check their schedule and go.
Like I said, the sound is amazing in this beautiful theater, it's easy to get up and down to the different levels, there are plenty of bathrooms, and walking out after the show is so pleasant.
This complex is beautifully designed.

This was my second time seeing a concert here (saw the Ricky Nelson Remembered show here 2 years ago & this time, it was for The Monkees), and both times I have been very impressed.
The venue is absolutely gorgeous and not a bad seat in the house!
The sound quality is incredible as well and parking is easily accessible in the garage adjacent to the property.
Sometimes the parking is free and other times it's $5, depending what act is playing.
The outside grounds are beautifully maintained and look great.
Cameras are sometimes allowed in depending who the act is and their stance on photography during their shows.
This is a really nice, intimate setting for a concert or performance and if you haven't been here yet, I recommend taking in a concert or theatrical performance here.

We've gone to MAC now twice.
First time for the Alton Brown show in October, and then just this past Friday for the Mythbusters tour.
When we went to the AB show, J had originally purchased tickets up in the balcony.
We quickly discovered that there was not enough leg room for him and the House Manager moved us to an unsold section in the balcony.
Seriously awesome!
For the Mythbusters tour, we purposefully purchased tickets in this typically unsold section, because the seats were just that awesome.
We'll make sure to buy those seats every time we see a show at MAC.
The parking situation is alright, I suppose.
$5 to park in their lot.
BUT, you get a slip for $5 off at participating business (I'm guessing in the area), so you kinda get your money back..as long as you go to one of those businesses.
I think next time I'll try to score street parking like I did for the AB show (that was a Sunday show, and y'all now downtown Mesa on Sunday evenings).
It was drizzly out Friday, so we wanted to park close.
But apparently, at least according to the reviews, parking is sometimes free.
It just depends on the act that night.
Given the choice to see a show at MAC or Dodge - I'd pick MAC any day.

We visited the Mesa arts center for a jazz concert in ikeda theatre.
The parking was simple and we were able to find the lobby easily.
The arts center has nice architecture and acoustics!
We were in the orchestra seating area and we enjoyed seeing the performers facial expressions.
I would definitely return for a concert or recommend it to a friend.

A very impressive venue to watch a live performance.

This past Friday was my first time at this venue.
It did not dissapoint!
I was lucky enough to win tickets and sit on stage while John Lengend performed.
From my view it was toug to focus on anything around me other than the performance, but it didnt look like there was a bad seat in the house.
The acoustics in this place are incredible!
Looked like the onky place that might have a tough time seeing was the upper balcony....its pretty high up there.
Parking was quick and easy to find.
Pretty small part of phx so that was a pleasant surprise.
The box office for tickets was a challenge to find and there werent any helpful signs.
So if youbuy in advance go a little early so you can find your way through the maze.
The positive side of that was the grounds were REALLY pretty.
There were bands playing outside and everything was very green and clean.
Overall, it was a great experience and if i have the opportunity i will be back.
:-)

Wether your going to a concert or taking a art class this is a hard place to beat.
The music venue is great with amazing acoustic comfortable seating and a great layout that means theres really not a bad seat in the house but there are some great ones.
It's also small enough to make for a intimate and enjoyable show and the artist seem comfortable and seem to enjoy it also.
And thats not the highlife to this place!
if your a artist you really owe it to yourself to check this place out it's amazing the studio's are large well designed and well equipped.
Add talented instructors and a fun and diverse mix of students and your starting to understand MAC.
As a artist trust me it's hard to leave with studio after studio and both10-14 week classes as well as weekend and short specialty seminars this place is magical.

This venue is fantastic.
We need a theater like this downtown.
Their staff is super friendly and helpful, they escort your to your seats.
One of the better venues I've been to.

Brought my girls here this summer for one week of camp.
each week they had a different theme and this week was the Sound of Music.
The staff ensures everyone is included and having fun.
At the end of the week on Friday they have a dance they're doing puppetry with marionettes and they're doing a skit in which all the parents are invited.
they take kids going into 1st grade up two kids going into 7th grade.
The kids and I are both excited to come back here again for one week in July.

