the waffle factor:   i don't work, haven't for 12 years, so we don't have much money.
hotels are a luxury.
but often needed.
now i can just get the cheapest hotel i can find or.
my new "or" is the waffle factor.
if a hotel is having troubles, getting rid of breakfast is an option, so i only get hotels now who have a breakfast.
but breakfast can be pretty crummy,  so a few months ago, 4 hotel rooms back exactly, i switched to getting the cheapest hotel that advertised waffles for breakfast.
it works!
it gets me out of the worse hotels and into the next up tier.
this was an excellent inexpensive, nicely maintained hotel.
right off the 17. everything is remodeled, nice people at front desk.
working spa and pool.
and cute bathrooms: curved inside shower with glass door and pocket door, sink outside.
very nice design.
recommended.

Check-in war sehr zügig und der Mitarbeiter extrem freundlich!
Hat uns alles ausführlich erklärt (Pool, Frühstück, Business Center etc.
) und war jederzeit bei Fragen ansprechbar.
Das Zimmer an sich ist geräumig mit zwei Doppelbetten, Fernseher, Waschbecken, Toilette und Dusche.
Alles war sauber!
Zum Frühstück gibt es Kaffee, Tee und Säfte, Joghurt, Obst (Bananen und Äpfel), Toast mit Butter und Marmelade, Mini-Muffins und Waffeln zum Selberbacken.
Außerdem steht im Frühstücksraum der PC, an dem man ins Internet gehen und Sachen ausdrucken kann.
Hab mich hier sehr wohl gefühlt und kann das Hotel guten Gewissens weiterempfehlen.
Würde hier wieder hingehen.

Checked in with my family of five for two rooms a little after 10 PM.
My wife made the reservation with the desk agent directly with the hotel.
We had a pet and confirmed they accepted pets which they did.
We also confirmed that we could get two adjoining rooms, confirmed this on two different calls directly with the female desk agent at the hotel.
When we arrived at the hotel at a little after 10 PM I was told by the male desk agent there were no adjoining rooms, I indicated we had confirmed this twice and he told me they were full and he put us in two rooms across the hall from each other, not optimal with a family with kids.
Although unhappy we went to our rooms and unpacked.
Once the kids were in bed we noticed that the bathroom smelled of urine and then noticed the pull out pocket door had not been cleaned for sometime, assumed this was urine and the bathroom light did not work.
We then noticed what looked like vomit on the inside wall of the room next to the entrance door to the room.
Since desk agent told me the hotel was full, no other pet rooms and no adjoining rooms were available we made the best of it and I would speak to the desk agents in the morning at checkout.
Upon checkout the next morning I informed the same male agent I checked in with of the problems with the room, instead of offering an apology he indicated we should have called when we found the problems so he could change rooms for us.
I reminded him he told me they were full when we checked in, he said no they had other rooms.
The female agent that took our reservation was also standing there and confirmed that she had in fact booked us adjoining rooms.
Needless to say I was pretty upset.
Neither agent offered an apology but continued to tell me that I should have called down when we found the problems.
In this day and age when hotels are everywhere and competition relies on great customer service I would avoid this hotel at any cost.

We needed a room close to Scottsdale for two nights.
Rooms in Scottsdale were priced way out of our budget.
So, based on other reviews, I booked this place and I'm very glad I did.
Clean, nicely furnished, good breakfast, and great service.
The free Wi-Fi had a decent speed, and it was incredibly quiet.
The bed was comfortable, the towels looked new.
I was very happy, and feel that I got good value for my money.
Are there nicer places with fancier amenities?
Sure, but you pay dearly for them.
If you want a clean, comfortable, friendly place to stay - this one is great.

Great place to stay.
I had a couple friends in town and they decided to book a couple rooms there.
We got done late that night and decided to stay  there with them, so I booked a room and the staff there was very accommodating.
I got a great deal for the one night stay, the next morning breakfast was good, and with the heat here in AZ the pool is great to keep cool.
The manager Ajay was very nice and very helpful.
I recommend this place to anybody looking for a great place to stay at an affordable price.

