Go here to buy musical stuff, whether it be for orchestral, rock and roll, Jazz, or Latin.
They have a great, diversified selection of stuff.
The drum department is great, they even get Constantinoples, and other high end cymbals in there.
They have a massive drum head selection, and decent amount of good drum kits in varying sizes.
The place will factory order things that you need if they don't have them in stock and they will price lower than competitors.
All of this with a friendly educated staff, not clueless douche rockers like Guitar Center.
It's a family business and has been in the valley for years...
I remember my first music folder in band in 3rd grade being a Milano's music folder.
I go here to rubberneck, cause Guitar Center is too softcore.
Go buy some shits here and jam out with your clam out.

I am so impressed with this place - in all my searches for a piano Milano was the most helpful and knowledgable!!
I am also the proud owner of a piano too!!
I have been playing since the early age of 4 and have always enjoyed the sound of a good piano.
Milano Music had also referred me their piano mover GREG - holy cow this man moved my piano faster than I can get a pizza (and he's a one-man team!!
) For piano tuning - ask for Dave - he's an expert in his trade and he made my piano sing beautifully.
Very happy!

Phoenix is a small town when it comes to music.
I moved here from Lansing, MI, a town of less that 300k, and there are more music stores there I think.
Sad for Phoenix, but lucky that there are some good places to go like Milano to make up for some of the loss.
I came here with a friend looking for a new acoustic guitar.
The staff was very helpful and patient, the selection was okay, not overly impressive.
They carry instruments of all kinds for all kinds of players, so the store is overrun with school kids and amateur rockers alike.
Things can be a little crazy inside.
The location is great, right in sleepy downtown Mesa.
The store is huge and laid out in a sprawling, messy fashion that takes a bit of time to find where what you're looking for is.
For guitars, they have a pretty good selection of average instruments, nothing to write home about.
They seem like a dealer in Dean and Takemine for the most part.
I think their bread gets buttered by band instruments for high school kids, so the guit dept.
is lacking, but not without a few winners.
I think it is possible to find a good deal on a good guitar in the under $1000 range here.
They also gave a fair trade in for my buddies guitfiddle, but insisted that he had to spend a ton of cash to make it worthwhile to them.
If they were anywhere else they would have to try harder, but for Phoenix they pass muster.

love.
Love.
LOVE.
How can you not fall in love with this store the moment you walk in is beyond me.
It's like entering that magical fairy tale land your mind goes to every time I start to sing or sit down at my piano.
And that's exactly what a music store should be.
It should bring you to that creative center where the outside world doesn't exist.
First and foremost, the staff is extremely friendly, both on the phone and in person.
I've spent I don't know how much of their time having them assist me in finding sheet music and they've always been a gem and even gone so far as to go google searches for me while I was there and give me some additional leads.
It's just an awesome amazing experience.
They also never seem to mind me going in and gawking at instruments for hours on end.
I always tell myself someday I am going to learn a new instrument, and going in there causes me to think of at least 10 I want to play... especially when I stare at the drums.
Go to Milano and experience what a music store is supposed to be.

It is impossible to write anything negative about this place other than it's closed on Sunday.
That really bums me out on Sundays, but that is it.
Otherwise, this place is the crown jewel in the downtown Mesa area.

Nice store, friendly people, helpful sales clerks too.
Good selection of guitars, amps, and other musical instruments.
Only a bit overpriced.
Check with Guitar Center or Best Buy before making a purchase.
Even small items like a guitar stand was overpriced.
Milano's price: $16.95.
Best Buy for the same item: $12.95!

Having lived in the valley since I was 5, I grew up with trips to Milano Music.
Rented my first viola there when I was in 4th grade, and my sheet music collection is entirely Milanos-made.
You can get anything you need for whatever instrument you play right under one roof.
The sheet music section is gigantic, and only once have I not found what I was looking for, and that was today.
However a staff member asked how I was doing, and when I told her, she went to the back to look for the book.
When she couldn't find it, she ordered it and got my name and number to call me when it arrived.
I was completely taken care of.
Milano Music is what defines DT Mesa for me, even beyond the Arts Center and other big draws.
I always ride a happy wave of nostalgia every time I visit, and am always looking for "excuses" to go back!

It grieves me that I cannot write a better review for this place.
I feel that their selection is great, especially for the wide range of instruments they carry.
Milano's pricing is good, for an independent, non big box, non chain music store.
My problem is primarily the staff.
I am a drummer, and as such, have primarily dealt with the drum department.
It seems like the "drum guy" is always off when I come in, and no one else there is very knowledgeable about drums.

I am a big fan of Milano's.
In 1975, I traveled to Milano's to get my first horn and got a great deal on a trombone that had been a window display and had some fading.
I lived about 3 hours away then.
Now I live in W Phoenix, and it's still where I go to buy music (typically materials for students and classes I teach).
Their music selection is beyond extensive.
They definitely have the best selection of wind instruments - more models and brands than anyone I know of.
Not to mention accessories (l bought an Eastman Case I really like from there).
The one shortfall I find is with electronics - I find I go elsewhere for my sound and lighting equipment as the selection seems to be minimal.
Probably the best independant store I've been to west of the Mississippi.

I've only been here to get my guitars serviced.
Techs do a great job!

Everyone at Milano's was extremely helpful!
They have a huge selection and knew just what my son needed for 5th grade band!!
They will even deliver to the school!!!
This place is awesome!

Best music shop in all of Arizona.
An icon in downtown Mesa.
They have thousands and thousands of instruments and offer affordable classes for aspiring musicians.

Hooray!
Video game music books!

So for you musicians who want to travel off the beaten Guitar Center path, this place is for you.
The employees are very helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly.
This place showcases nearly every instrument you can imagine and is chalked full of history.
For those of you who have children in band they also have a great rental and rent to own program for tons of different instruments.
This place probably has the biggest selection of drum equipment that I've seen in AZ; so much so that they lock up the cymbals in a separate room.
Some items are a little more expensive than competitors but most of the time you can negotiate a deal with the employees.
This place is smack dab in downtown Mesa so you will more than likely need to park in the rear of the store.

great place great deals really nice staff , i would prefer to do all my business here.
nothing bad to say about this place.
always fair w prices and the guys in the repair shop helped me out giving advice on how to fix a broken bass i had.
they rock

I've been to Milano's Music several times and each experience is worse than the first time.
I look at the reviews of people I actually know and realize that each experience is different.
On the biggest day of the year for Small Business owners who should be reaching out to the customers and gladly sell them the smallest items Milano misses that point, by miles.
My husband is re-learning to play the drums and needed a drummer's throne and since it was November 24th and "Small Business Saturday" I thought "why not give them another try", guess what we walked out with Nothing they lost potential set of drum customer  ( those can cost anywhere from a few $100 to $1k ).
I won't go back in there.
The guy that is in charge of the drum section is rude and pompous and walked away from us TWICE.
The second time was enough to make my blood boil.
We found a throne in another section that my husband liked and I said let's get it.
The guy came over and said "Oh, I have another one in the box" and grabbed the one in my husband hands and walked off never to be seen again.
We waited and waited at the checkout counter for him to show up, he never did because he had decided to help another couple.
I looked at the cashier and my husband and said "NOT cool at all" and my husband set all the other items he was going to purchase down and said we won't be purchasing anything.
I felt bad for the guy at the register because it wasn't his fault and he apologized but that doesn't give the guy running a section the right to decide what customer is more important and that is what he did.
New customers should never be treated any differently and to basically make a statement of you are not important enough was the final straw.
I grew up around Milano's music stores they were the first  to give me guitar lessons and it is sad to see this happy.
Besides this Yelp review , I plan to write their the store personally.
When small businesses are struggling and this kind of thing happens  a person begins to understand why more people shop with a big box store and less and less from Mom and pop stores.

For guitarists**** NOT GOOD FOR REPAIRS AND SETUPS.
Sorry Milano's I think you guys have some good prices and cool guitars for sale.
But the repair dept.
is no good for guitarists.
Get ready for lack of service and dishonesty.
These guys just want your money.
I had three setup jobs done there a while back.
Baught Epi, ultra 3. came back needing more repair than what i had signed up for.
I have many guitars and never got this treament before.
After a $50 setup job they wanted another $100 to lower the fret rails for the low action on the setup.
Ok thats cool but why would they wait until I come in to pick it up when they could call me.
POOR SERVICE...
I think these guys just sit around fixing/ cleaning childrens band instruments.
They have no idea how to comminucate with customers.
I would check out Haymaker, even guitar center does better...

This is the best shop for brass instruments in the Southwest.
Chuck and Josh are experts, super knowledgeable, honest and friendly.
They have tons of mouthpieces, instruments, mutes, everything you might need.
Because of I'll this expertise, they are perfect for helping out beginners as well.
Highly recommended.

I have been buying music gear here since I was 14 years old and I am 44 now.
Jim Minch is the star of the show.
I can't think of anyone more knowledgeable about the music industry and instruments in this valley.
Fred is my other go to guy, very very knowledgeable.
I see some bad reviews here and I have to say that I think these guys (sales staff) are not high pressure salesmen.
They will ask if you need help but otherwise they'll leave you alone until you're ready with any questions.
Jim and Fred will always work with you on price and they have always stood behind the gear they sell.
I had bought a set of Cobalt pickups for my Tele that Don sold me a few years ago.
I called Jim up a couple days later, not knowing what else to say, I told him, I just didn't like the pickups.
He told me to clean them up and put them back in the original packaging and he will take care of it.
He got me a set of the Vintage Noiseless and I simply payed the difference.
Can't say enough good things about Milano Music.

Great local business to support.
I've been a patron since 4th grade a long time ago and again when I returned for college.
They were also a big help when my school had a steel pan ensemble.
Lately I've been trying to strum a guitar.
Every time I need something they have it, especially good advice.

Charles was great at helping me since I have no knowledge about the reed for my daughters sax she needs for her performance!
Very friendly, quick and efficient!!!
I'll be a returning customer!!

Oh I got my band geek back on now!
I haven't stepped foot in a music store in almost 20 years, but I'm going to start playing the piano again and my husband also wants to learn.
I couldn't believe the selection in everything.
Tons of sheet music to dig through, at all levels of experience, and then a great selection on instruments.
Hmmm....I may decide to really geek out and get a sax and a flute again.
They give lessons.
They do repairs.
This is heaven to me.
So glad we finally stopped in.

To hell with this place.
My band is in town on tour and we stopped in to grab a few things.
Instead of asking if we needed help, they hid behind shelves trying to watch if we were stealing.
Way to profile...

Always great customer service.
They are super helpful and patient whenever I'm looking to buy something new.
Thanks!

