I Stopped in at Buchanan Music last Saturday and the serviceman was helpful, friendly and very positive about fixing the frets on my guitar.
He offered to file them so the action would be much smoother.
I asked how much?
He said, "About 10 bucks.
And I can do it while you wait!
"  I said that's a deal and took my guitar in today.
The person I had met Saturday was not in and the gentleman who assisted me was very reluctant to do the simple task of filing the frets!
He said it wouldn't help much.
I told him his co-worker told me the cost for about two minutes of filing was only $10.00 and he acted like I was robbing him!
He said, " I should raise my prices!
"    He did a half-a** attempt at filing the frets as if he was being taken advantage of!
The special filing tool actually worked very well and improved the frets just like the other man had promised me.
When he finished I told him that was the easiest $10 bucks he didn't want to earn!
This guy then tried to "sell" me on getting a $55.00 bridge adjustment!
Yeah, sure.......    Like I would really trust him after his attitude!
Due to his attitude, and desire to OVERPRICE his service I will not return to purchase anything or obtain any service on my musical equipment!

Robert has worked on my guitars for over 30 years.
He is hands down the best in the valley when it comes to guitar repair.
The guitar repair section of the store is all I have used.
The rest of the store has some music instruments for sale, and for rent.
Local stores like this are much better to deal with than your big corporate stores.
Better service, better quality - thank you Robert!

This music store should be THE example for all music stores.
The staff are knowledgable, friendly and professional.
I've had a few guitars set up to perfection that were supposedly set up previously.
HIGHLY recommend.

We rent a violin for our son here and have come in several times for other supplies and tune ups on our guitar.
Everyone we have worked with have been super knowledgeable and they don't talk down to me for not being a non-musical noob.
I really do appreciate that.
The only reason I wouldn't give them 5 stars is because they regularly have issues with their check-out system.
The credit card machine goes down, takes forever... Kinda a pain in the butt.
But overall, typically a great experience.

This quaint little music shop is a secret find of mine.
Great prices, fantastic staff, and knowledgeable staff (important in this business).
I love coming to this music store because they always seem to have what is needed, and having three musicians in our house, that is important.
We recently took an instrument to be looked at for repair and the guy fixed it on the spot, no charge.
Of course, we ended up spending money in the store anyways, so it was a win-win for Buchanan Music and myself.
I've me the owner a few times and he's always willing to work with me on prices and helped order me a personalized product once.
Highly recommended.

