This location was my first foray into sit down mexican food 8 years ago, and I still have warm fuzzies when the possibility to eat here arises.
The bean dip is always warm and tasty, and a little different every time with varying levels of spiciness.
Chips almost always hot and salted reasonably.
Yesterday I had tthe spinach enchiladas dish, I'm very keen on here, with a nice cream-based sauce on top smothered in cheese.
The vegetables side is great and think everyone should get it when they come here.
In terms of food, service, ambience this is really 3 stars, but for being so damn consistent over the last 8 years gotta give this one a 4 just like my closer location.

The only good thing I can say about this place is the bean dip is good.
Cold food, no flavor, and crappy service.

The only thing I can say about this place is the bean dip is good, hot food, tons of flavor, and excellent service.
I always sit at the bar.

The food is delicious, but the atmosphere leaves something to be desired.
If you're in the neighborhood and want the full-on experience, I'd head to Tia Rosa's.

I think that Serrano's has a lot of hype because of it's been here so long and time builds memories of good times.
I on the other hand have not had that I go places for good food I have not been impressed with any of the meals I have ate at a many Serrano's locations.
I would really say greasy slop along with the chandler location served me a Fat Tire draft with a lime wow come on.
So I say save your money and look elsewhere.

My favorite part of this place will always be the salsa.
I love it!
The food though, I'd agree it's so so at best.
Last night was my first time here as a vegetarian, I ordered the Veggie Quasadilla, it was alright really a bit greasy from the cheese for my taste.
It really was nothing more then some shredded cheese diced up tomatoes, onions, and jalapenos.
It was not bad, but not great.
Prices are great, we had 4 adults and a child for around $50, my husband ordered a chimichanga which he said was good, my grandmother also had the chimichanga and she enjoyed it.
My mom had a taco/enchilada/tostada combo.
The tostada was rubbery but everything else she said was good.
Guacamole was alright, huge chunks of avocado which I enjoy but not much in way of flavors beyond the avocado.
All in all we'll return again, we've been here tons of times but it's certainly not the best Mexican in the valley.

I have been here several times and I think it's pretty good.
I like the bean dip that they bring with the salsa but I wish the salsa was spicy!
I like to go for lunch since they have a $6.95 lunch special and there's alot of choices on the lunch special.
Would I say it's my favorite place?
No....but it's decent and the service is always good.

I have eaten at two different locations of Serrano's the one on Power Road and this one.
I personally think the food is prepared better and the service is much better.
I think the food is usually pretty good here.
I have had an occasional mix up on the order and not getting the same food you ordered.
That would be my only issue.
But my observation every time i dine here the place seems understaffed.
I see servers with too many tables on different sides of the dining area.
3 different staff take your order, bring your food, and serve drinks.
I would say A+ on the staff that bring salsa and chips rock!
They always get you what you need in a timely manner.

My wife wanted to order some food on Sunday.
So i called in and ordered 2 pork tacos with rice and beans with a side of chips and salsa.
The person at Serrano's told me the price was 18.00!
I could not believe it....what a rip off.
Had to call back and cancel that non-sense.

Not great...just okay.

Experience was good.
Mike was our server.
Very generous and prompt.
The other servers kept my table of 10 filled with salsa and chips and water.
I got the Chile Reno.
It was alright, which is why I docked a star.
But overall the experience and environment and service was great.

Went during lunch time and serve was extremely slow.

maricopa.gov Food Inspection report, Jan 2013 rcvd a "C" rating.
Observed accumulation of black organic slime mold in interior of ice machine in back kitchen area.
I am totally grossed out!

I thought this was the chain Serrano's, but instead it's a local chain within Arizona (I think).
We went with a large group of people, so that may taint my experience.
The service was slow, and they missed one of our orders completely and ended up delivering it nearly 30 minutes after everyone else had their food.
We had some margaritas - overly sweet and completely forgettable.
We got the Del Mar sampler along with the steak fajitas.
The fajitas were fine and filling.
The Del Mar sampler came out two different ways.
One of our companions got this (and it came out a startlingly half hour before mine did - they messed up in the kitchen) and it was blah.
The fish was overcooked, and the other flavors blended into a mush.
Mine came out later and the fish was done superbly - flaky soft with lots of flavor - and the rest of it was tasty.
I think there are better options within the Phoenix/Mesa area.

To start the Rio Margarita is awesome.
Im gonna order the pollo ranchero fundido style cause its the bomb!
Great food great service all the time!

I grew up going to Serranos and after 30 years their Chips & Salsa/Bean Dip remains the best I've ever had!
It really is the standard that I just all salsas against.
Their shredded beef Chimichangas are excellent as well.
I love this place!

Went on Friday night and nothing tasted very fresh.
The bean dip, the beef, and the pork all had an off taste to them.
The meat portions also were very dry like you would expect from old reheated food.
Everything else was just okay.
Makes you wonder if they bother tasting anything first.
Definitely not worth the money spent on a family outing when there are many other choices available in the area (Yes even filibertos is much better than this).

Not the best, but certainly not the worst place in town.
This location was recently remodled and it seems a little more open than before, but the new front doors make the place look more like a circle K than a mid-level restaurant.
I was typically going there 3-4 times a month, but recently it seems to me like the quality of food has declined over the past 6 months and after the last visit, I am not planning on returning any time soon.
I'll probably check it out again in a few months.
I would have given this place 3 stars prior to the recent experiences.
The staff seems friendly and welcoming.

My family has been eating at Sarrano's since I was a little girl!
It's definitely a favorite.
The machaca beef is so delicious.
We have never had a wait and the food comes so fast!
I've always had great service here too.
We love it!

Good food.
They did a good job remodeling this place.
The new menu is horrible and does not work.
Please change back to the triditional menu.
The new menu is confusing and the selection is too small.

We LOVE Serrano's.
We have been eating there for 20 years.
The green chili is my favorite.
They have great chips and salsa is good.
I have to have the green chili like once a week.
Addicting!
Great service!

Just went today and it has definitely changed.
Food is not the same.
The menu is small.
Ridiculous that I ordered the combo and it does not even include rice and beans.
It also tasted bland.
I miss the old food, menu and ambiance.
The restaurant was pretty empty after 5... that tells you something.
Will never return!

Two words: Bean.
Dip.
That's what basically makes this place the bomb, let's be honest.

Let's talk about the food.
The only thing that got my pallet was the whole pinto beans, yum!
5 out of 10 on the enchiladas and rice, I don't like the box tasting rice.
Service was good and friendly.
Could use some deep cleaning!
Won't do again, unless I just wanted a bowl of whole beans.

