Inside the Bungalow (Formerly "Coffee Talk") represents the most unique cafe environment to be found anywhere in the greater Mesa area.
It's an island of alternative funkiness mired amongst a surrounding sea of strip-mall monotony and pervasively vapid decor.
Nestled amongst Mesa's historical district, Coffee Talk occupies two adjoining bungalow-style houses.
Walls and structural supports have been left  intact, creating a homey ambiance with a different feel in each room.
Two outdoor brick patios are complimented by picket fences, gurgling fountains, and lush vegetation.
The service counter boasts a far-better-than-average selection of coffees, teas, and espressos along with a sizable assortment of baked snacks and high-end pastries.
Free wireless internet gives laptop users a link to the outside world, and a varying array of  talent brings in live music during select nights.
But wait!
There's more!
It's sizable layout allows Coffee Talk to double as a Yoga Studio.
One of my friends (a yoga aficionado) described it to me as a "lovely space" that features large French-glass windows and hardwood floors.
This friend once lived amongst a virtual sea of Yoga studios in San Francisco.
While she's had dreadful experiences with surrounding gyms and yoga instructors, she's referred to the on-site instructor as "One of the Best" and "World Class".
If you're holed up in Mesa, in search of a casual spot to hang, and tired of driving to Scottsdale or Tempe, pop by Old Town Mesa to check out tastes, places, and spaces like you've never seen in the surrounding area.
The word is getting out, a crowd is beginning to form, and it won't be long before Inside The Bungalow becomes a prime hangout for Mesa, it's surrounding communities, and quite possibly the ASU crowd.

Sorry, I can't help still calling this Coffee Talk, but no matter; everything but the name is the same.
Coffee Talk, ahem, I mean The Bungalow is a funky arts-and-crafts inspired coffeehouse.
Try the Green Tea smoothie or a cinnamon and pepper-spiced Mexican Hot Cocoa.
Mmm!
I love this little gem, and really have nothing else to add to Mike W.'s exquisite review, except Amen Brutha!

If your are a "Soccer Mom with a BMW" you will see all your friends there.
Better than the STARB, nice old house.
"Yoga & Kaffine" ?
ba jern daw Liked it when it was Coffe Talk  it is still ok but has been yuppifyed...

Do you know why there are zero stars checked?
BECAUSE THIS PLACE IS NOT OPEN ON THE WEEKENDS  My life plan:  "vacation" studying at new and exciting coffee shops and bars with the BDF (best drink friend, which is not the same as bast food friend) while we work on the weekends.
Two times I tried to go her, and two times I was denied.
I thought the closure was temporary the first time I went.
It was Historic Homes tour day... so I thought the private event was the reason it was closed on a saturday.
But this weekend, low and behold....
I still could not go!
Closed!
Every weekend!
No people in the old town componenet of Mesa -- which it too bad because it has a kickass yarn store and tons of potential.
Will add stars if my impending weekday visit really knowcks my socks off.
A penalty for th no weekend service will remain.

I only go here for coffee.
This place is in a very different, very hip, and very old building.
This is a truly unique atmosphere - not your daddy's starbucks!
The coffee is excellent and the way the former home is divided into dozens of different sitting areas is really cool.
They have a HUGE patio in front AND in back.
Only wish they served coffee after 3pm.

I stopped in here yesterday while I was working out in Mesa.
I was confused at first cause my GPS said it was called Coffee Talk, but the sign out front told me otherwise.
Now, reading the reviews, I understand.
Anyways, I didn't stay too terribly long at this place but I loved the expansive front patio with lots of furniture.
And I didn't venture out back but it looked like there was also seating on the back patio.
The house and the surrounding area is exquisite.
I had an Iced Americano which was really good although I didn't like that it was in a styrofoam/styrolean/whatever cup...it kind of reminded me of cafeteria coffee...but I think I can get over the enviro/bougie/green thirst in me and let that one go.
The barista was super friendly and told me that they do yoga there as well...which made all the 30something, spandex sporting, blond women out front make a whole lot more sense.
All in all, good coffee and beautiful atmosphere to read or chat with a friend in.

Very unique atmosphere- though already mentioned, it bears repeating.
Yeah- the coffee and espresso are good- they also have Chai, herbal  teas, and some smoothies- but honestly, the lunch menu is worthy of a visit, and the Curried Chicken Salad sandwich is clearly the star pick.
The "Cafe" is a L-A-R-G-E Craftsmen style home, originally built over 75 years ago, with an expanse of patios, fountains, and intimate outdoor spaces.
It has a flavor likened to Alice in wonderland meets northern California-- Not sure why, but just feels that way.
Inside is a kind of romantic kluttered kitsch, but without the manufactured feel of a Buca Di Beppo.
Overall, the feel is very nice- about as whimsycal and earthy as you're going to get in the big PHX- I personally love it, and would spend alot more time there if they were more flexible in their hours, and served a cold beer.

My early morning savior - a large, ice cafe mocha with a straw.
I work in the neighborhood and love taking a little break to walk over to Inside the Bungalow.
Everyone there is friendly and cares about their customers.
Funky and relaxing, there are little private areas to sip your beverage and nibble on a little nosh.
Stop in and get to know them and their coffee & tea selections.
Ask about their yoga classes.
But don't take the last apple danish...that's mine.

I've never really been a coffee house kind of guy, but then I'd never been to Inside the Bungalow before yesterday, when I found myself in Mesa with some time to kill.
What a seriously cool place.
It's an old house - a really big old house - with lots of little private corners to sit and eat/drink, chat, read, compute (apparently they got free wi-fi, but I didn't have my laptop with me), just chill, whatever.
If I lived a little closer, I would totally hang out here.
They've also got a giant patio with a fountain out front - a little hot in the afternoon this time of year, but only for another month or so..

Inside the Bungalow or what I will always refer it as Coffee Talk is a nice surprise nestled in the hum drum downtown of Mesa.
I have been enjoying their coffee and live talent since I was fifteen.
When I was in High School it was a ritual to hit the local dollar movie and then end the night with some coffee at coffee talk.
I think the best part was hitting on boys and trying to pass as being at least eighteen years old.
My reasons for going to Coffee Talk have changed over the past decade, but the atmosphere and quality drinks and pastries have not changed.
There is nothing better than sitting on their back patio and enjoying the cool breeze of the fall.
There is something about that place that brings me a sense of relaxation.
If you enjoy artistic ambiance, coffee, and live performance's then I would recommend Coffee Talk.

I love this place!
Their food is fabulous and veggie friendly, the teas are great and the service and atmosphere could not be better.
Find a more detailed review, including pictures at http://azsustainability.com/2008/08/11/inside-the-bungalow-the-place-to-be/

Inside the Bungalow really does things right.
The building itself is a large, old house, renovated with happy colors, artistic painting, and hardwood floors.
It's fun to explore the different rooms inside.
Outside, the patio is huge and beautifully landscaped.
The place has a very family-run feel to it (for good reason), and the food reflects that; eating there almost feels like you're having lunch at a friend's house.
The menu mostly features sandwiches and breakfast items, and there are always tasty homemade pastries in their display case.
Many items are vegetarian.
Occasionally they offer chef's specials that don't appear on the menu, and are always fantastic.
But there's more to do than just eat, relax, and make use of their free wifi; behind the main building is a first-class yoga studio and massage facility.
And taking a yoga class entitles you to a free cup of tea!
Their selection is amazing, with loose-leaf and bagged varieties.
Their hours are a little strange, so check online before making plans to visit.
As they grow, no doubt they'll stay open longer.

Being that I work at home, I always look forward to meeting up with our web graphic designer and pow-wowing on the maintenance of our ever growing website.
We usually choose a coffee house somewhere between our two homes and meet about every few months.
Today we met at a very charming little coffee house/yoga studio in downtown Mesa, AZ called Inside the Bungalow.
The patio was gorgeous and we had a lovely chicken waldorf salad sandwich.
It was very yummy.
I was happy that it was so quiet.
We were able to talk and hear each other easily.
I think this place might just be our east valley keeper.
Very cute!

In a half hours time I searched yelp for mesa wifi spots, drove to "The Bungalow" and am now enjoying an egg bake with a pomegranate ice tea.
Couldn't be happier to put off working a few minutes to give this lovely little place 4 stars.
I may upgrade my rating after trying the sweets!!
Peace  Ok,  I've now tried the brownie...
It's ridiculous.
I ate the whole thing save 2 bits just to kid myself.
It was good!

I visited Mesa from Southern CA about a month ago and was pleased to discover this gem my first night in town and I made a point of visiting every day of my trip.
If I lived in Mesa, or anywhere near it I would be here every day!
The coffee is excellent, they have an organic colombian, a good selection of veggie friendly foods, wi-fi, a large outdoor patio, and there is an extremely reasonably priced yoga studio on the premises, which I visited for one of their intro classes and removed the kinks of several days of driving from my back.
The owner is a total sweetheart and the employees (and everyone else I ran into there) are friendly.
They just don't make them like this anymore!

Nice little place.
The best coffee shop in Mesa.
Note that the place was formerly called coffee talk.
And that yelp has coffee talk marked near brown and center but there is nothing there.
Anyway the atmosphere at this place is cozy and comfortable.
The only faults (and they r in short supply) are few outlets and the bathroom light switch is on the off side of the door which made it difficult to find.
Awesome little place, with fantastic outdoor seating!

This is a awesome coffee shop in downtown Mesa!
Great place to grab a cup of coffee and hang out.
They have a awesome patio and good stuff to munch on if you are hungry.
Staff has always been quick, friendly, and very welcoming.
I'd recommend checking them out!

I am updating my previous review after recently attending the Farm Sanctuary charity event.
Inside the Bungalow generously donated their beautiful backyard facilities and yoga studio for this benefit.
There appeared to be more than ~100 people there and the staff remained incredibly laid back and warm while having two functions going on at once (Oktoberfest out front and Farm Sanctuary benefit in the back).
I am a fan of the shop for food, yoga, and massage and now I can see why people come here for events.
It is charming and the people are wonderful to work with!

I've been here 2 times.
The first time I got the Gobble It Up sandwich, and the second time I got one of the pita pizza's.
I thought both were just OK.
I really wanted to like the food because I think the building and patio are beautiful and it's a great place to sit back and relax.
I don't drink coffee or tea so I can't comment on their selection.
The service was top notch during each visit.
Maybe I just need to try some of their other sandwiches.

One star but not based on their food or coffee, but on their service.
Both the website and the sign on the gate said they were to be open Sundays 8am to 3pm but it should say "or whatever we feel like".
It was not open and there was no sign explaining why.
A simple "closed for private party" sign would have been fine but nothing was there.
I went out of my way to come to this shop, making sure before online it was open Sundays.
They should note on their website that the hours are tentative and to call ahead, as a warning.
This is no way to run a business.

While searching online for a yoga studio to practice in while visiting Mesa from out of town from NYC, I found the bungalow.
It was a real treat meeting teachers Carrie and Robin.
They were very professional, and lead great classes.
I enjoyed meeting the other members in the classes and found the studio to be a lovely, warm, and beautiful place to enjoy yoga.
The classes were small and comfortable, with music in the background during class, and lead at a comfortable pace.
Having a nice patio to relax with a tea or coffee after class is also a plus!

After I wrote my initial review, the owners emailed me saying that holiday hours were on the website.
While I didn't see them when I went before, I could have been in a hurry or just didn't know what I was looking for.
Please do not base your opinion on my original review but try it for yourself.
However, I still think a sign saying that they weren't open at that time and why would have been extremely helpful, especially when they still had the original hours posted on the gate.

Great yoga.
Tasty coffee.
Beautiful patio.
Cozy indoor seating.
And (I hear) awesome soups.
Sounds to me like a perfect combination!
The wife and I liked the yoga so much we bought a package and plan to attend every Saturday.
It's a great workout and a perfect start to the weekend.
I'm really looking forward to hanging out on the patio once it warms up a bit.
Overall the place is very inviting -- so much you just want to hang out there all day.
Oh, and the people there are wonderful!
All very nice, almost as if you're family.
(Come to think of it, I think they're nicer than my family.

What a wonderful little gem tucked away in Mesa!
The husband and I tried a few different yoga studios to find just the right instructor, atmosphere and personal attention.
We found that and a whole lot more at Inside the Bungalow.
Our instructor is personable, welcoming and makes yoga truly a meditative practice.
The studio itself is warm and inviting; a wonderful place to spend a Saturday stretching while living in the now.
I'm not a coffee drinker, but the cafe offers the best hot chocolate I've had best enjoyed on the outdoor patio area.
Love this place!

Very kind staff, I was instantly greeted upon entering.
Good pricing on their coffee drinks.
Free wi-fi and a very relaxing environment inside.
chatty staff interact with all patrons.
You folks in mesa are lucky to have a place with good coffee AND good service.
I live in Seattle, and while we have good coffee, we don't always have good service.
the food looks amazing!
I will have to come here when I am actually hungry sometime.

My review might be a little biased because I'm sitting in Inside the Bungalow on a beautiful Tuesday afternoon in May.
There are maybe 4 people here so naturally it's nice and quiet.
I used to come to Coffee Talk all the time when I was a pretentious high school student.
I recently moved back to the East Valley after a 6-year hiatus and I'm trying to find great new spots to rival the places I loved in the other places I've lived.
Inside the Bungalow is definitely an oldie but a goodie.
Great prices!
I'm a bargain hunter and the drink prices are excellent.
This place has a ton of ambiance...
Very funky and comfortable.
I just got an iced black tea for $2.16 (+free refills) and it's delicious.
It doesn't taste like a normal black tea but has more of a peach flavor to it with no need for sugar.
They also have a great outdoor space and FREE wi-fi.
The only downside is they have a $4 minimum on credit/debit.
I can't wait to come back to have lunch and try some of their coffee.
Their food prices are a bit pricey for me but considering how impressed by my drink I am, I think it will definitely be worth $8 for a sandwich.

Friendly, knowlegeable, GREAT coffee, cute place where you can everything from meetings to weddings, take a yoga class, and meet great people on Monday nights for Leashes and Lattes!

Oh man, this is really one of those cases that I wish they had half stars.
I really loved this place and wanted to give it the 5-star badge-of-awesome, but I can't bring myself to do that at a place where the food doesn't absolutely blow me away.
Now, that isn't to say that the food wasn't great, it just wasn't that 5-star level that you have dreams about when you get home.
None-the-less, I will be returning.
This place uses organic, local, fresh ingredients for all their food.
That is a rare find, my friends.
The fresh, organic thing was the main reason I really wanted to give it a 5, but the flavors just didn't knock my socks off.
I had the Gobble it Up Sandwich, a Chicken Waldorf salad, and Ginseng Soother smoothie.
The sandwich, in my opinion, had one big thing going for it; the havarti cheese.
I LOVE havarti cheese and not many places carry it.
All in all, the food is good, but the only part that really wowed me me was the smoothie.
It's labeled as their stress-reducer smoothie, so I thought I would give it a whirl seeing as a could use a little relaxation before heading back to work.
I drank most of the smoothie before the food came, and I really did feel less stressed by then, but I'm not sure how much of that was due to the smoothie.
That brings us to the ambiance of the bungalow.
It's a very quiet, peaceful place.
The sitting areas are pulled off the street a little so you aren't right next to all the noise of the passing cars (not that there are many on that street anyway) and it has this cafe setup.
No, not that Starbuck's always-on-speed-everyone-wants-to-kill-eachother-could-there-be-more-noise-in-here?
cafe, but a cafe ambiance like they should be.
It was quiet, free internet access, and very relaxed.
Even the employees of the bungalow seemed relaxed and at ease.
This brings me to my third and final point, the staff.
The staff here are excellent and they really add to the environment.
I was greeted immediately by multiple, geniunely happy employees.
Not that fake-smile BS happy that you get at most places, but that I-geniunely-enjoy-my-job happy smile that makes everyone feel better.
The only other place I've met people who I knew were that genuinely happy while working was Pittsburgh Willy's, but check their page for that info.
Anyways, I really love this place and I will be back.
Fresh, organic meals at these prices and sizes just don't exist anywhere else that I know of.
Plus, this is one of the bets places to just sit, relax, and completely forget about work while on your lunch break.
I'll just have to head back soon!

I went to an early morning yoga class yesterday and it was absolutely fantastic!
I was greeted at the front gate and guided to the yoga studio.
Cute studio space and very clean.
Carrie's class was amazing!
She is a great teacher and very knowledgeable!
I am already looking forward to my next class at Inside the Bungalow!

I absolutely love this yoga studio.
There isn't a teacher there I don't like.
The ambiance is fantastic and the price is just right.
If you don't live in the area it's still worth the drive.
After class enjoy a latte or snack in the cafe.
Bring a book and sit on the patio it's gorgeous there.

I've only enjoyed the coffee end of this multi-faceted business, and it's quite good!
Often, independent coffee houses offer up a cup of weak, icky coffee, and that's hardly the case at Inside The Bungalow.
The patio is so relaxing, and beautiful!

Not sure why, but I feel a bit like I'm in a fairytale land when I walk into this place :) Surely the 7 dwarfs or the mad hatter are sipping tea in one of the many nooks & cozy corners!
The loose leaf tea is great.
Take a moment to open up the containers & take a nice big ol' whiff before you decide on 'the one'.
The best one as of now in my opinion also doubles as aromatherapy, lol!
It's black tea & coconut, yum!
The food is all made from scratch & so far I know that the Bungalow Salad, Curry Chicken sandwich & the Enlightened One sandwich are all FANTASTIC :)  Add to all of this that you are in a lovely historic home & that the owners & employees make you feel like you are a wanted & welcomed guest & it all adds up to a truly relaxing & delightful experience.
P.S.
they offer yoga if you want to work off your food OR make room for more ;)

love this place!
1st time here, had an iced coffee and a piece of coffee cake (YUM) both were great, and service was great also!

My new favorite coffee shop!
I am sooo glad I found this place.
The people working here are really nice and friendly.
The coffee, tea, soup, and sandwiches here are all delicious.
My favorite tea here is the Secret Garden, it is very refreshing.
The turkey avocado sandwich and the chili bean soup are both really good.
Food 4/5 Atmosphere 4/5 Service 5/5  This is the best coffee shop I've been to in Mesa!
It's awesome :)

Loved, loved, loved it!!
Loved the atmosphere, friendly staff and my iced chai.
My son got a white chocolate/peach latte and it was awesome.
Even the bathrooms were cool.
Favorite thing- the gazebo outside.
Wish I could have stayed longer.

My first time was last night - I went with a few friends, one of which raved about this place.
No wonder!
The decor is eclectic filled with antiques of coffee art, books and some gems from the Victorian era.
I ordered the Americano with a shot of fat-free vanilla syrup.
They use Monin here, which if you're up to date on quality syrups, Monin is superior over Torani.
So that impressed me.
However, I thought their coffee roast was a bit too weak for me.
{I prefer a robust coffee roast over anything weak or bitter.
}  Don't get me wrong; the Americano was delicious.
Also I had the Magic Bar, and my husband had a slice of apple pie.
We found out that they bake their own goods here from scratch.
Both were delicious.
I'll be coming back, but this time I'll be taking a book and settling myself in one of their comfortable, eclectic corners.
Pretty convenient since this place is close to Mesa Library.
By the way, I've read the other reviews and it seems some were complaining about "rude" customer service.
I saw no evidence of that.
The staff was nice and friendly.
What more could I want... well, except for a stronger roast.

Quaint place.
The coffee here has skyrocketed in the last year with the hiring of some better baristas and the use of better coffee.
This was our place to frequent in the Mesa area, and left something to be desired in the past - now it's little less than a go-to place, worth the trip.
Great eats here too.
The owners are incredibly friendly and are always open to a good conversation.

I'm here again, and was greeted with the same very friendly service.
The atmosphere is was brings me back.
The coffee shop is set in an old house; it's very cozy.
There is also an ourdoor seating area with a nice complement of shade trees.
The place is very clean and the coffee "yummy!
"  Tried the Iced Mocha today, and it was a good choice.
Parking can be limited depending on the time of day.
Worth trying!

Perfect atmosphere, perfect staff, perfect location, perfect drinks.
Why am I here instead of there you ask?
I have to make $,otherwise I'd be at ITB.

I LOVE THIS PLACE!
First off, it's like walking into a book when you walk through the door.
It's so cozy and homey...... sigh.
I wish I could be there now.
They have great coffee, tea, meals, and little snack/desert bars.
TRY THE MAGIC BAR!!!
SO GOOD!!!
There yoga classes are also great!
If you ever get the chance, go!

Love this little place.
The coffee is always fresh and they have some yummy salads, sandwiches and sweet treats.
I'm here about once or twice a month and always something good to enjoy.

Extremely cozy to meet with friends and spacious enough to appreciate the surrounding area.
Whether outside on the patio, or inside nuzzled with books and welcoming couches, you can enjoy your specially crafted teas, drinks & food.

Wonderfully unique atmosphere.
Good coffee,  fresh & very TASTY food.
Comfy cozy to stop in for a bite or hang out all day.
Free Wifi.
Yoga in the back cottage.
Very attentive and friendly staff.
Multiple rooms to choose.
I will become a regular here.
...And I've been searching high and low for the perfect reading spot with food and coffee.
After multiple weeks of testing various shops all over the East Valley...my coffee cup will rest here.

Great coffee, tasty food, and a huge, beautiful patio on which to enjoy them.

Grrrrreat coffee shop!
Comfy couches.
Good coffee.
Great service.
Yoga.
Good breakfast bites.
Lots of space indoor and outside.
The beautiful landscaping with abundant flowers takes it far and beyond.
My wife and I absolutely loved the ecclectic decor and architecture including the spiral chimney, china chandelier, and especially the Alice in Wonderland themed rooms.
The sheet music tables were a nice touch too.
I spent all my college years lounging and studying in coffee shops around Seattle and SF.
This place challenges, if not surpasses the best of them.
Really quite astounded to find such a gem while here on vacation.
Had to come every day while in Mesa!

I usually don't review after only one visit but since i won't be returning anytime soon I'll make an exception.
I had been looking for a place besides the chains and burger joints my brother had take me to while visiting.
After a quick yelp search i found this place.
I got a delicious ice coffee and the "enlightened one" sandwich.
The sandwich was very refreshing and light, yet filling.
Exactly what i was looking for.
The only thing lacking on the hummus, avacado, cucumber, tomato, and sprout sandwich was the bread.
It tasted like packaged peppridge farm wheat bread, not bad.
But, it could have been so much better, even if they just toasted it real quick.
Mediocre bread can really drag down a sandwich in my opinion.
Besides that the service was great.
The place itself is super nice and they even have yoga there.

This is the neatest place to have coffee and extras.
They also serve great lunches.
The staff is the friendliest people I know.
They make you feel like part of the family.
The facility not only quenches your thirst and feeds you well, they also have Yoga classes and they cater weddings.
All of this at a reasonable price.
The courtyard is is like sitting in a small grove and the inside is so cozy.

Disappointed that I have tried to come here twice in the past couple of months and both times, they have been closed.
Once on a weeknight evening - they were having a special group function and once on a Saturday - apparently they have changed their weekend hours.
Every other time I have been here, it's been really great with delicious food and a nice atmosphere.

My favorite place to get coffee!
They will remember your name and they are such nice people.
It is in an old historic house in downtown Mesa where they offer yoga classes as well.
The courtyard is an excellent place to relax when the weather is nice.
They know their coffee, and they have some great healthy lunch options.
Check it out, you'll love it.

This is a great locally owned spot for coffee and homemade treats, breakfast or lunch.
They have a Yoga studio also although I did not have the opportunity to experience that.
There is plenty of seating inside and outside and they offer free WiFi which is really nice in such a friendly and relaxed atmosphere.
They are only open until 3:00pm on weekdays and closed on the weekends though which is a bit of a bummer.

What a pleasant surprise!
Ran across this place on a work trip to Mesa and it was truly a hidden gem.
The hours stink but that didn't really matter in our situation because the coffee shop we hit in the afternoon conveniently had opposite stinky hours.
I had a great decaf americano and some sort of tasty egg thing.
My co-worker got a sandwich and a breakfast shake.
Great people, awesome atmosphere, and tasty drinks and food.
If I'm ever in Mesa, or Phoenix, again I'll be sure to be back!

I was asking about the pricing of coming for a class and the woman was so unfriendly and impatient with my that I got instantly turned off.
She told me the pricing for September and when I asked about October she said in a very nasty tone, "why do you ask?!
" Shocked, I replied "because I wanna take a class.
" What an awful way to treat customers especially when you are representing a business that promotes peace.

One of my most favorite coffee shops!
Location for sure.
Soooo cute here.
Inside and out.
The patio is beautiful and you feel like you're in a diff city for a moment.
Coffee is pretty darn good.
Not the best, but good.
And the menu is great.
I am a vegetarian and they have many options for us.
The treats are amazing.
The staff is amazing.
And they always seem to play great music too.
Love this place.
Wish it were not so far away in Mesa...

Whimsical and homy feel for comfort!
I absolutely love that they offer ALMOND MILK for lattes!
Their Curry Chicken wrap was delicious!
It is the perfect place to meet with friends or get caught up on school work.
The owners are always gracious and the service is a reflection of that.
My favorite coffee spot by far!

What a welcoming haunt!
It's like going to your favorite Aunt and Uncle's home.
The house is very cozy and comfortable and the outside garden areas are beautiful.
I often see people come by just to take pictures.
After a visit to the Children's Museum,   I always take my grandchildren there.
The proprietors' are very kid friendly.
My two older grandkids often start up a game of monopoly or checkers, while I slowly get re-energized with delicious coffee (and maybe... one of their world class brownies).
This place is indeed a one of my favorite places to hang out!

Inside the Bungalow is one of the many Downtown Mesa gems!
I found this coffee shop Yelp and boy was I happy when I discovered Inside The Bungalow!
Upon arrival I was greeted by an amazing house where the coffee shop is located.
You feel as if you have stepped into some sort of story book fantasy house.
The outside is covered with brick pavers, waterfalls and tons of greenery.
The inside is decorated beautifully with comfy couches, wooden floors and tons of room to sit down and read a good book or just catch up.
This coffee shop is unique and down right cute.
You will be blow away by the amazing staff and delicious coffee/ baked goods.
If you ever get the chance check this place out!

My experience here was a bit unique...I came as part of a Wedding Expo event with my sister, mom and aunt.
The outside of this place is nice and relaxing, tables set up at the event to sit and relax, especially on a nice day.
As a note, if you are handicapped or have trouble walking, the ground here is really uneven and can easily trip if you're not careful.
My mom uses a cane to walk and had to help her several times just to walk on the property.
There are also some stairs too.
Guess that's part of the old home charm...  Bungalow is set up like an old home and when we walked inside, we saw a fire place to the left and a "dining room" to the right.
The coffee shop is set near the fire place and is indeed very charming.
However, we were a little put off when we tried to order black tea as a gift to someone who loves to try local coffee shops.
The cashier told us he wasn't able to sell us the tea.
Umm what?!
I mean I know it's Sunday but why be open if you can't sell all your product(s)?
We then made our way to the "backyard" and loved the ceremony type set up.
In my perspective, if you are looking to host a casual event with a unique set up, I would suggest Bungalow.
For more upscale events, I would look elsewhere.

Been here twice.
Vastly different experiences; the first was five stars, and the second was 0, so I'll average it out to 2.5 and round down.
I found this place via yelp, and I have to say I was not let down by the yelp reviewers who heaped praise on this place.
Fresh, healthy food; lots of seating options including couches for lounging, tables for having lunch or doing a little bit of work, free wifi, and a very unique setting that's uncommon in the east valley.
On that visit I was 100% satisfied; ordered a sandwich and sat for an hour or so at a table in the back.
I raved about it a few times to my wife, knowing she would appreciate the garden vibe of the place and its healthy options.
So one day, I convinced her to stop in and try it.
She is 9 months pregnant and very uncomfortable, and was meeting me there with our hungry toddler in tow.
Having just come from a grocery store with two small items that needed to remain cold, we were in an admittedly uncommon situation - needing to find a way to keep our cold food cold for the 20 minutes it would take us to have a quick sandwich.
I chose this place that day because I remembered the great mom-and-pop vibe it had, and thought if anyone in the area could accommodate our need to refrigerate these two things (the size of small lean cuisine boxes, factory sealed), it would be these folks.
I also had the realistic expectation that there might be some health code rule against it or something, so I politely asked, explaining that if we couldn't keep our food cold, we would have to leave.
The owner was downright impolite - she had two large coolers/refrigerators, but said they were full of 'her food.
' That was that.
I explained that we just had these two very small items and if we could just borrow some space for a half hour, we would have a $30 lunch... she then held up a separate, portable igloo cooler that would have been perfect for our items, but still inexplicably said no.
Another customer piped up and suggested a plastic bag with some ice in it, which would also have worked, so we both looked to the owner, who just said no and went back into the kitchen.
It was honestly such a strange interaction, and goes so fully against the grain of how a locally-owned small business tends to act toward customers, that I have to boycott this place and recommend you do the same.
Sure, they have a nice concept, but there are other places around that serve good food in a nice environment and who will treat me better.
It seems like I'm in the tiny minority here on Yelp, so perhaps I caught her on a bad day.
A very bad one.

The most adorable coffee spot in Mesa.
We walked past  lo-fi which I found to have a really cool interior.
However it was bit too hipster for my Mom and I thought maybe it was a little dark and loud for Chemistry studying.
So we searched on and found this shop to be the perfect compromise.
The ambiance is magnificent with quirky old furniture, alice-in-wonderland themed, and there is seriously something unique to look at with every turn.
The cappuccino was alright but the place will make me want to go back every time I visit my grandparents in Mesa!

I haven't been yet but I called in, asked to speak to a manager and the manager says, "It in the middle of lunch and I had to leave a customer so this better be important.
" She didn't ask who I was or what my issue was I even politely offered to call back and she said don't bother.
I guess this business doesn't want my business.
Maybe she thought I was a sales call?
Or a rude customer she encountered earlier?
I was neither :-/

I love the food here.
I really do.
It's always fresh, and tastes like what I want to make at home, but am too lazy to do it.
I usually get the curry chicken salad.
I also have had a peanut butter breakfast shake which was so good.
This place is wonderful when you can actually sit outside.
The inside is cozy, but I can't speak for how good it is when you need to work.
It brings a nice dose of much-needed charm to downtown Mesa.

Love the delicious sandwiches here, they are fresh and tasty.
I've not had any tea yet .
The owner is a lovely person who seems engaged in the DT Mesa community, which is important to me.
It's hard for me to get there when its open.
Sundays would be awesome!
And later too, I'm always seeming to be driving by face sadly pressed to the car window looking at the hours of operation... A little dramatic but I am disappointed :) I highly recommend this a a cozy unique place to go in down town Mesa .

I love this quaint little place!
One of the most adorable coffee shops in the Phoenix Metro Area.
The food and coffee are great also and fairly priced.
I would just offer some constructive criticism: the kitchen seems a bit chaotic and inefficient.
If you're going to work on improving anywhere, that's your target!

Beautiful, quiet little place.
Went in tonight and the place was empty but the food was SO good.
I had the Old Town sandwich which had some type of delicious raspberry sauce on it.
The lady running the place was very welcoming and kind and made us some great food.
I'll be back!

Huge front courtyard with lots of trees to enjoy the Arizona "winter" weather.
Owners are great and the home made breakfast pastries are divine.
Haven't had lunch here, but if you work nearby why wouldn't you?

I found this place on yelp while trying to look for a nice coffee shop to just hang out with.
I really liked how it was in a house.
But it felt so empty.
But then again I did go on a Monday afternoon.
The coffee was good and it was just a cozy place to chat and hangout :)

Such a cute little spot in downtown Mesa.
Usually it's the owners working, and they are always super friendly and willing to make modifications to the menu items if you need them.
You can tell they have a lot of regulars, which is always a sign of a good place.
Healthy menu options, and just the right portions to satisfy but not overfill.
My boyfriend works nearby, and we love to come here when we meet for lunch.
Comfortable seating inside and lots of outdoor seating when the weather is nice!

Love it.
The decor is quaint filled with interesting knick knacks.
Had a mocha and blueberry muffin both excellent.

Rude, inconsiderate owners who have no business dealing with the public.

Rude staff that obviously resents being across the street from the idea museum.
My children are well behaved and I felt very unwelcome there.

This place is a gem!
I've heard about it from many people and I finally made my way inside.
It feels like you're a guest in someone's house.
Very comfortable.
Great prices.
AJ can whip up a mean mocha.
And the food was delicious.
I'll definitely be making my way here more often.
A great place for brainstorming meetings or to just meet friends and have a nice cup of coffee.

