When I lived in California, I had the hardest time finding a place to eat menudo.
Growing up on the border of Mexico and having Mexican in-laws makes it a challenge to find Mexican food that lives up to my standards.
I admit, I was skeptical when I heard about Los Picos in Mesa.
I shouldn't have been.
This place knows their stuff.
The menudo is the first item on the menu.
It's unlimited, although despite my best intentions, I'm never able to finish more than a bowl.
I was bummed that you have to pay for your bolillo (Mexican bread) but they're not stingy with it and it's really the perfect accompaniment to a warm bowl of menudo.
Ask for the chiltipin, it's already crushed up and gives the menudo the perfect kick to cure that hangover.

Perfect hole in the wall Mexican food restaurant!
Quint,authentic, family owned, just the perfect atmosphere.Great Margaritas!
which is always what breaks or makes a Mexican restaurant for me.
My friends and I split some awesome oysters which i was apprehensive about at first, just because this place really is the definition of 'hole in the wall,' but they turned out to be great... then again it was my first experience eating oysters... We all ordered burritos which were also very good, I love a place that isn't afraid to use dark meat chicken.
I mean why do restaurants always advertise white meat chicken anyways?
that's what usually steers me away from ever ordering chicken in the first place!
For sure gotta come back to try more of their menu!

As a life long Phoenix resident/Mexican food fan, this is my favorite place of all time.
It's a tiny, family owned hole in the wall for sure, but I have never had anything here that wasn't above average.
When I take out of town visitors here, they ask to go back on subsequent visits, without fail.

Want good Mexican food?
Go here.

I'm gonna have to lay down a star reduction for this place, unfortunately.
Had breakfast there Sunday 2-20-11.
With tip, came to $11.
Went with the protein punch, the "Carne Asada Platter" with two fried eggs.
I was hoping for some "seasoned" carne asada, which most places give you these days.
This was just a short, skinny section of over-cooked flank steak.
VERY tough.
Hard to cut with a sharp knife and hard to chew up.
Eggs and re-fried beans were nothing special.
Beans basically tasteless.
The one semi-bright spot was the salsa served with chips before the food came out.
It was good.
Not excellent, not VERY good, just....Good.
I'm gonna have to say this place is hovering between "slightly below average" and "average.
"  Won't be going back.

Best ceviche I've ever had is at Los Picos!
Their chips and salsa are addictive.
Their margaritas are amazing and fresh(ie not the bottled mix).
Last but not least, their enchiladas(both red and white) are delicious.
I highly recommend this place as affordable and delicious!
I have posted most of the photos of the place and know the layout pretty well.
Definitely a small place, but not too small(I'd say intimate is a good way to describe it).
A party of 25 would fit just fine.
Maybe more since there is also outdoor seating(two tables).
Staff is wonderful and place is quite cleanly.
What more can I say?
Go there, and enjoy what so many already do.

We chose this place based on high Yelp reviews for dinner before our girls night out.
Looks like a hole in the wall place in a sorta sketchy area but I felt safe in a group.
This was a two man show on Saturday night.
The hostess/waitress/bartender/cashier was awesome and the cook has serious skills!
The margaritas were $7 and made from fresh fruits and great quality tequila...best margaritas I've had in a long time...and not the sugary syrupy kind!
Everyone's dinners were perfect and the homemade chips and salsa were delish.
I highly recommend this place...I will be back!

I also only chose this place based on its high reviews on Yelp.
Now I have been to several Mexican restaurants and I have to say this place is not bad at all.
I mean its not excellent but pretty good overall.
The rice and beans were tasteless but the tacos I had were delicious and the chips and salsa were great.
I could drink beers and eat their chips & salsa all night.
The service was awesome, I never had to ask for a refill or more salsa or wait for anything.
I was a little cautious because of its location and the way it looked outside but I am glad I tried it out.
Friendly, Good food and very affordable!!

The outside is a bit scary looking and very run down.
Inside is cute and the service is good.
Ordered fresh brewed tea, bean and cheese burrito and guacamole.
All were DELICIOUS!
The chips and salsa were just okay... but free!

This place is super cute and the food is great too!
Our server was very friendly and she was attentive even though she was the hostess/waitress/bartender/busser all in one.
First off - the salsa is authentic and reminds me of my family's salsa.
It is somewhat mild, but with just enough kick for everyone to enjoy.
The Margaritas are AWESOME!
They are made with hand squeezed juices and good tequila.
I had a regular lime rita, but my friends had strawberry blended ritas and they were also superb.
For dinner I ordered a "Burro" (burrito) with their signature tiopancho pork.
The pork is to die for - it's super tender and flavorful with whatever they marinade it in.
I couldn't stop eating it.
One of my friends got a tiopancho pork chimichanga which she said was awesome, and my other friend got carne asada and bean burrito with a side of rice.
The rice is a saffron rice, I really liked it.
It's subtle, but a great addition to the meal.
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone living or visiting the area.
2 thumbs up!
I would like to taste their breakfast items and pozole before giving 5 stars, but it is very close to 5 stars based solely on the margaritas!

I actually went to this place after reading Yelp reviews!
My friends were very impressed with the ambiance, service and the margaritas!
I thoroughly enjoyed the feel of the restaurant and was definitely impressed with the service as well.
I ordered the huevos rancheros papas y queso burro.
It wasn't the best breakfast burrito I've ever had but my friend got a dish made with cactus and it was VERY good!
I had never experienced such a unique food as cacti and it was awesome!
Definitely something I will have again!

The week I moved to Arizona I went here twice!
This really is as good as it gets.
I will definitely be a regular here.

My wife and I were looking for good pozole.
We did a search and found this nice Mexican food restaurant.
Our waitress, was Ofelia.
She was very nice and friendly.
The service was great.
The food was also great and my wife is hard to please.
If she's pleased, then I'm pleased.

Good food cold beer its all good

Missed it the first time I drove by, it's a small place, maybe a dozen tables; a real mom and pop type place.
GIANT goblets of margarita and sangria for $7.
brilliant.
Authentic mexican foodstuffs at the best prices I've ever seen.
Great place to drink or eat, will definitely return!

This place looks very cute inside, but, unfortunately, the food just wasn't that great when I went here for lunch today with a friend.
The chips and salsa weren't very good, the chips were stale and the salsa wasn't very flavorful.
I ordered a burro with the pork, that someone raved about, but thought it was just ok, a little dry and kind of boring in flavor.
My friend got a beef burro combo and the beef was extremely dry and was super peppery, not so good.
Also, the rice was bland....
Finally, the service was slow and a bit awkward... like the waitress came and asked us about drinks and then brought the drinks all without giving us a menu... kind of strange.
I probably wouldn't come back here.

I'm from California where you can find The best Mexican outside of Mexico of course.
Once in a while I have to travel to AZ for work and I make it a point to eat at Los Picos.
I love their shrimp with garlic!
everything I've had here is good.
I read some of the comments about there not being good Mex food in AZ, well NOW you DO!
Try it out, don't be intimidated by the locale, these folks are authentic.
Provecho!

My boyfriend and I have become regulars at this place because of how fun it is.
It's casual, small, and the food is really tasty.
I suggest the shrimp torta or the chicken tacos with rice and beans.
Mmm-mmm.
I'm considering going there now that I am writing this review!
It is a small place, so it may be ideal for groups of 4 or 5 or less.
Don't be intimidated by the neighborhood/what it looks like outside, I'm sure you'll have a lot of fun at Los Picos!
Happy eating!

i checked in here and it kept popping up on my yelp.
i was like "I NEVER WENT THERE!
HOW DARE YELP TELL ME OTHERWISE!
YOU DON'T KNOW ME!
"   well, i went through some of the pictures and now i remember.
i did pick up a to-go order.
i had the green chile beef.
very different from other green chile i've had but it was good.
obviously it was unmemorable or i have early stages of dementia.
either or.

We went on a Sunday for menudo and my husband had their egg and potatoes burrito for himself.
The burrito alone was over priced and it was quite small.
Two menudo plates and a plate with just a burrito, two hochata drinks and a limonada(limonade) came out to a little over $35.
The menudo was bland and the services was awful.
I had to keep waiting for the waitress so I could have limes and bread rolls for our menudo.
It was not that busy, ether.
It seemed like the kitchen was having some issues too.
They serve big portions of the menudo and it is all you can eat...if you can get them to serve you another plate!
I'll try them again for lunch and see if the time of day changes the type of service.
I've had better menudo at Filibertos and I'm Mexican!
You're better off going to Ranch Market in Gilbert.

Great posole - and the kids love their bean and cheese burritos.
That's all we have eaten no need to venture further on the menu.
Great hangover food.
The staff is always very friendly!

Not the prettiest place in the world, but food is excellent!
Great margarita, wonderful fare.
The menu is simple and so is the food.
Sometime the simplistic things are the most enjoyable in life!

menudo menudo menudo...no I am not talking about the 80s Latin group but this hidden restaurant on University.
To be honest I would have have stopped had my friend not took me there.
Small place about 12 tables inside.
I almost felt like I was at my aunts house waiting for her to bring me food.
Sunday menudo red or white!

Really good Mexican food, check.
Cold beers, check.
Good margs, check!
A little scary outside, sure but my friends that's where you will always find the best Mexican food!

Excellent food.
Not pretty and I wish they would invest but it is clean and has a friendly staff.
Food is fresh and excellent!

We really wanted a Taco Shop.
After spending an hour or so wandering through BPS, getting my outdoor stuff fix, and looking at all the stuffed critters, I was getting hungry.
I wanted a Taco shop, the ladies really didn't care, so we "Yelped" it.
Found this little hole-in-the-wall just down the street and headed over.
The outside is nothing to look at, but that did not deter us.
Four stars over 31 reviews is a pretty fair argument, and we were convinced this was gonna be worth it.
We walk in and this place looks like a fast-food meets dive-bar meets local mojo.
Tile floors, a small dining room filled with tables, lined with booths, a big bar, and an open kitchen.
We were the only gringo's in the place, which looked like they just finished the lunch rush.
The very nice waittress told us to grab any spot, so we chose a booth in the corner and settled in.
Fresh chips and mild salsa arrived quickly, which we noshed on while perusing the menu.
This menu was a classic Sonoran-style, with Chimi's, burro's, Tacos and quesadillas in various arrangements, either ala carte or as a combination.
The wife chose Ceviche tostada, one of her favorites - and was offered the option of Shrimp, fish or she could add Octopus to either option.
She went with the fish.
The daughter ordered a Chicken Quesadilla and a side of made-to-order guacamole.
I had a Chimichanga, which was offered with all the standard fillings, shredded beef, machaca, green/red beef, chicken, or Pork (shredded) which I noticed under the dinner section, was a speciality.
Sorry, I don't remember the name of the dish, but it sounded delicious.
I had the shredded pork, and the waittress offered to make it Enchilada-style, which I jumped on, with a green sauce.
the Guacamole was, as advertised, fresh made.
The quesadilla was huge and crisped perfectly, with melty cheese oozing out of the edges.
My Chimi arrived next, served in a boat, draped in a green-chili sauce, with a pile of sour cream and more of that tasty guacamole piled on the top, and a gentle sprinkling of shredded cheddar finished it off.
The wifes Ceviche was a huge pile of fresh, marinated vegetables and fish and she didn't say a word as she scarfed it.
Afterward, she revealed that it was just awesome.
I could say the same about my Chimi, perfectly fried to a crispy crust, just enough green sauce to glaze it nicely, and the filling was plentiful and tasty.
Service was exceptional, the iced tea was fresh - and did I say the service was great?
Our waittress made us feel welcome, kept the chips and drinks filled, smiled and checked back to make sure we were happy.
Prices were quite reasonable and portions were huge.
This is one place that goes on the list - the next time I'm in this part of town, I know exactly where to get my mexican on.

Menudo and bolillo!
I would give 5, but this is all I have ever had.
Many many times.
Did I mention all you can eat?
Hell yea!

Awesome never ending chips.
Jamaica aka Sorrel drink is great.
The Chimichanga is Amazing!

Fantastic, authentic food, great service and relaxed vibe.
Chicken Taco combo plate was flavourful.
Shredded beef chimi was  a hit with my 13 year old.
You can't go wrong here.

This was the first meal we enjoyed when moving to Arizona and it really sealed the deal.
The food was incredible.
The best Mexican my party had ever had.
I enjoyed the signature dish as recommendation of the waitress and was extremely pleased.
The guac was out of this world.
You couldn't be disappointed coming here.
Must visit.

Well we drove across town to try this place because of the good reviews.
First of all I LOVE hole in the wall Mexican places and I have been to a lot.
I am from Denver and pretty much grew up on Colorado Mexican.
We spent six years in Southern Cali, and about two years in Arizona.
The food is just very,different then Colorado and with that said I want to rate this place on the low end of the scale.
If the chips and salsa would have been decent I probably would have left a bit happier.
The chips were cold, thick and flavorless, the salsa was a very thin not so great as well.
There were 5 adults in our party, everyone got something different.
I was not impressed by any of it.
I ordered a chimichanga at the recommendation of the server and it was not good at all.
I got it "enchalada" style for two more dollars and it had about a spoonful under it, not enchalada style at all and for $12.00 I was like seriously wishing we were anywhere else then there.
The waitress was very friendly and brought me a side of sauce but the best thing about this place is you get a giant Coke with refills.
My husband and daughter had a margarita and they were decent but for just under a hundred bucks I was pissed all the way home lol!, If your ever in Colorado hit the Santiago's, and see how we make our Mexican :)

Don't judge a book by its cover.
This is a happening little place.
Pretty nice on the inside.

We came here after one of the people at the hotel I was staying at suggested it.
Best suggestion ever!
Have the carne asada.
Delicious!

An hour and a half to serve four people mediocre food?
I think not.
The mole sauce was delicious, but just putting chicken wings to swim in it on your plate does not make it suitable.
The chimis were less than good, with absolutely NO seasonings for the meat.
It should have been delicious, but honestly it was a let down.
The food was mediocre (if not lacking) and the service was awful.
Service was slow to pick up after people left, never asked if we wanted refills (after an hour and a half!
really?
) and honestly needed work.
Along with all of the food.
Only a few chips and out of the bottle salsa for starters?
No thanks.
Next time, I'll just drive all the way to Phoenix for some Mi Patio!
Honestly, the only thing worth the money is the menudo.
I won't be going back here again.

I had high hopes for this place after reading all the good reviews, but this place was a disappointment..
The beef taco and rice were the worst I've ever had and I have had A LOT of Mexican food, after all, it is my favorite.
The crispy beef taco and rice I ordered didn't even taste like Mexican food, it tasted like garlic rice pilaf and the beef in the taco had a weird taste to it that I can't place.
Ugh!

Our favorite Mexican restaurant in the Valley.
Freshest margaritas around, be prepared to wait a few minutes for them to squeeze the various citrus fruits.
Salsa is fantastic.
I think their posole is the best in town.
The conchinita pibil and mole are amazing.
The place is alive with regulars, particularly on weekends.
The waitstaff is great.

Best pozole in town!
I go every chance I get.
Everyone is extremely hospitable and The chips and salsa are great.

Great authentic Mexican food!
If you like agua de tamarindo this in the best I've ever tasted!
The atmosphere is super friendly.
The food is worth any wait!

We have eaten here many times and always had a great meal!
Love their salsa bar.
The green lime/guac sauce was a big hit

I have now been to los picos 4 times, always in the afternoon and never have I been disappointed with the food or service.
Yes the food can take awhile but this is not Chipotle, the food is made just for you and the cocktails are fantastic, especially the house sangria.
Obviously because it is west mesa its not the greatest of locations but good authentic mexican food is not easily obtained in the Phoenix area.
Ironic, I know.
I highly recommend the mole chicken and the carne asada dinner.

the service is a bit slow, but worth the wait the staff is helpful.
The wife and i go for Menudo on Sundays it is delicious.
can't rave enough about it.
go early because sitting is limited and it gets packed quick.

Very good food.
This is where I take family and friends when they come to town.
The #6 enchiladas suizas is the best and I always get the shrimp.
The sauce is great in everything and I cover my plate with it.
Every Chimi is great especially the seafood one.
I have been going here with my father in law for the past four years.
This year they changes the portion sizes, doubling everything on the plate.
We quickly increased our attendance.
He goes every Sunday for the menudo.
My F. In L. also introduced me to their pozole.
It has this incredible tioponcho pork, with their signature rub.
The bowl is huge and it is served with tortillas and fresh chopped cabbage onions and limes.
My wife loves the pork quesadilla, also tioponcho.

So very good!
Been eatting hear for years.
I love their tacos.
And the seafood soup

