Excellent service here, the doctors are very professional, the wait isn't long, and the lobby is quite comfortable.

If Yelp allows 10 stars, I will give Dr Moretsky 20 stars.
Back in 2005, me and my wife were getting married and preparing our wedding.
It was just a week before our wedding, my wife was trying different makeups/fake eyelashes in a salon, at the end of that night, she had to remove all those fake eyelashes with eye makeup remover.
It was not easy to take them off but eventually she got them all off.
We then went to sleep and that's when our nightmare about to start.
Around 3 am Saturday morning, my wife wake up scramming, both of her eyes were burning like crazy and she couldn't even open to see anything.
I honestly didn't know what to do at that point, I was about to call 911 but as soon as I claim down, I remember Dr Moretsky does Lasik Surgery on Sat early morning since both of us had Lasik Surgery done by Dr Moretsky few years prior to that.
With no appointment, no phone call, we arrived at their office early 7 am.
We walked into the office and explained the situation to them.
The staffs were very nice and informed Dr Moretsky the situation.
We were then told Dr Moretsky will see us but we need to wait couple hours until he finished his surgery for that morning.
We had no problem waiting and was so glad he was coming to check out my wife's eyes.
Couple hours passed, Dr Moretsky checked my wife's eyes and told us her eyes were scratched up by the eye makeup remover, she won't go blind.
With some treatments and covered them up couple days, she was able to see again!
I was so happy and relief.
My wife and I had our wedding as scheduled a week later and we really really appreciated Dr Moretsky's help.

I had been contemplating LASIK vision correction ever since my father and sister had their surgery performed by Dr. Moretsky and Dr. Cassidy serveral years ago.
They both raved about not only the results they received from the surgery, but the professionalism of the entire staff.
Having two family members validate an already impressive reputation Dr. Moretsky and Dr. Cassidy have built for themselves got me in the door, but what Dr. Moretsky did prior to my surgery really put my mind at ease.
After my initial visit, Dr. Moretsky concluded I was not yet an applicable candidate for surgery.
My eyes needed time to settle because years of contact use had changed the shape of my eye.
My second visit showed drastic improvement, though Dr. Moretsky wanted me to continue what I was doing to see if my eyes would improve further.
The extra time allowed my eyes shape to appropriately change making me an acceptable candidate for surgery.
Two days later I was scheduled for surgery.
This series of events showed me that Dr. Moretsky was not in the business of collecting money, but vision correction.
The day of the surgery was made very easy by the staff at Moretsky and Cassidy Lasik.
My appointment was at 1:30 pm and I was out at 3:30pm.
The actual surgery time was very quick.
The only part of the procedure that made me slightly nervous was the suction process to create the flap.
It was an intense pressure sensation followed by my vision going black, which is normal.
It was an extreme relief to  immediately see, no pun intended, results after the procedure.
I recently had my 1 month check-up and my vision is 20/10, up from a contact presciption of -3.50.
Obviously results are what really matters but Dr. Moretsky and his staff made it an exceptional experience that I would recommend to anyone.

