I got my Shih Tzu in 2006 and the person I got him from highly recommended this groomer.
They were at a different location but have now moved to the main street location which is even better for me.
This place is absolutely the best groomer around.
I have 4 dogs and take them there ALWAYS to get them groomed.
Don is the best and very flexible with my schedule.
I have dropped them off at 7 and picked them up at 5.
The best part is that it is only 30 bucks for a small dog and they do an superior job.
If you are even thinking about trying this place just go for it, you will not be let down!

We took our two Aussies, Colby and Sweet Pea, to get groomed here yesterday and we couldn't be happier.
We received a great service and saved over $30.
We USED to go to PetSmart and we have now found a better place.
We recommend  everyone who has a dog to take it down to this establishment and get great service.

I took my 2 yorkies there a couple of weeks ago for the first time.
They hadn't been groomed in about 4 months and spend a lot of time playing outside so they were looking pretty grungy.
When I brought them in the owners were working and were so polite and nice.
I could tell that my dogs were going to be well taken care of.
They put into the system the specifics about how I wanted my dogs groomed and were helpful in explaining the different cuts they could do on yorkies.
A few hours later they were ready and they looked great!
It was a great deal at $30 each and they looked awesome!
I was so pleased I will definitely be bringing my dogs back again.
I'm so glad to have found an affordable groomer nearby!

First time taking my yorkie here very friendly and  reasonable loved her haircut

i have tried many, many times to groom my poodles myself.
i even bought professional clippers.
my poor dogs look so horrible everytime i try that i end up making them wear dresses to try and hide how bad it is.
or if anyone sees them 'naked' i feel like i have to apologize and explain why they look like that....  i finally threw in the towel once i found this shop!
they are quick, really easy to work with and my dogs always look so cute when i pick them up.
great and inexpensive!!!
my dogs hate it but i'd rather them hate the salon than hate me!

I've been coming here for a while, they do an okay job, what upset me was once they have your customer service they don't seem to really value it.
I've gotten attitude here a lot.
I know there is a new owner and Don no longer runs this place, this could have something to do with the service.

Very friendly staff.
I like the service, but I've decided not to come here anymore due to the employees.

Been going here years and they do a great job on my poodle.
I would try them out as they are very quick, its a clean salon, professional, and most affordable around town.
I even used to drive from South Chandler too.

Been taking my two Pom's here for the past year and I have to say the grooming the service and the price are all 5 stars.
Can't really say anything negative about this place cos there isn't any.
The staff loves my Pom's shows then great care and they love talking to me every time I am there when I pick them up, tells me what the pups are like when they are getting hair cuts and such.
So I highly recommend this place to anyone look for a new groomer!!

My two small dogs needed a groom, desperately.
I was in search of an affordable, but experienced grooming salon and considering their website said $30 for small dog haircuts.
I get there, and not even a foot in the door they had this disrespectful 6 year old running up to me, and snatched the leashes from my hands.
She belonged to one of the employees, or something, but she continued to drag my dogs around my the neck and NONE of the employees said anything to correct her.
Horrible way to introduce a dog to a new environment.
They were terrified.
I dreaded leaving them there but I already drive an hour out, and hoped nothing bad would happen.
When I picked them up, they did not look anything like I had asked.
My Maltese had a butchered shave.
Her head was not groomed at all and it was completely still long haired.
My yorkie's tail was completely shaved down, after I specifically said not to groom or touch her tail.
It was botched.
Their nails were barely cut, and we're not dulled down.
Sharp as knives.
When I went to pay, I was expecting to pay $60 because their website said $30 per dog.
It added up to $70.
I was livid.
They argued with me and insisted I was wrong.
I was not.
The lady at the front desk asked me for a tip.
I've never been asked for a tip.
It was more of a demand, and I was stunned.
So, intending to pay $60, I paid $75 for my dogs' horrible experience and disappointing haircuts.
I went $15 over my budget.
HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE, DO NOT SPEND YOUR MONEY HERE.
IT IS TRAUMATIZING TO THE DOGS AND I REGRET IT COMPLETELY.
Never again!

