Ok since I'm right across the street I've used this guy simply because a good upholsterer is hard to find.
Zero complaints with his work.
HOWEVER he is a cranky old man who thinks he knows it all and will not work with you - Eg: Just recover a seat on a truck you're reselling as cheaply as possible.
Guess business is good enough to be that way.
But like I said, the work is great so if you can handle the attitude go for it.

Used this shop to redo the center armrest in my Nissan Titan.
They gave me a fair quote and said they were booked solid but could have it ready in a few days.
I got a call few days later saying it was done.
Went to pick it up and wow, couldn't believe the service!
They were closing the shop and still installed the armrest for me again.
Really gave me a sense of a small town business in the large Phoenix area.
They do great work and the name says it all.
These guys are TOP NOTCH!
Thanks much Ken.

Cranky old man who has been in the business too long.
If his work product was great perhaps it would be worth it but his results are hit and miss.
I would not recommend going to this man.

Ken and his team have done several upholstery repairs for me on my cars and motorcycle seat and the work and efforts made to make me happy were never ending.
I am very happy with the work and care put in to the results.
I would not hesitate recommending them.
They were also extremely fair in pricing.

I am disgusted with these guys.
My experience is that the owner "Kenny" is a crook (that my opinion).
First I was told a minor repair (1 piece of leather) would be about $170 or so including $65 for the leather.
I paid $1000 at the dealer to get the whole interior cover in leather so $170 seemed a little high anyway.
Then I pick up my car and he charges me $233.
Note: In my 45 years of getting  Auto repairs the cost is usually 1/2 parts and 1/2 labor.
He charged roughly $65 for parts and $170 for labor, twice as much as it should be, and about $70 more than he said when I first asked "how much".
Since I don't trust this beady eyed bozo I'll say this is my opinion and my recollection.
He will never get another dime out of me..  AFTER this occurred, and I paid,  he became aware I planned on posting a review.
Then he seemed to decide he was concerned.
I felt changing my review at that time would not be right whether it would save me money or not.
My position is treat people as you would want to be treated BEFORE the fact, not after.

