it's high time i reviewed the dirty drummer; or as my associate, buisness partner, and long time Consigliere Jose would call it "the dirty drizzle"  the DD is quite the dive bar, it has everything that you'd expect and little more this place is quite literally the bees knees how many tales i could regale a prosepective yelp reader with concerning this little nook of sudsy heaven but as i've been an extreme blowhard as of late i will keep this pithy: the DD has a grood selection of cheap cheap cheap domestic beers, a pitcher of PBR or COORS or BUD will run you a couple of bucks the food is not your average bar food but is honestly cooked with love, the burgers are amazing, the wings are great, the sandwhiches are tops!
The bogs here are always clean, and have names!
the mens room is the Elton John, while the ladies is the Olivia Newton John!
the pool tables will run you .75 cents a game, the electronic juke box has a plethora of music all rather fitting for the atmosphere and as i've recently found out they have a lot of theme nights here with drink specials and other activities  If i was unfortunate enough to live in mesa i'd drown my sorrows here every day luckily i only work here so i can visit the DD at my conveniece during happy hour after a rough day at the office

My husband and I have been here many many times and usually meet up with old friends for a few drinks at least two to three times a month.
We like that it is a small dive bar and located near out house.
However there have been many disappointing visits.
The wait staff is NOT friendly or inviting.
One blonde waitress in particular is extremely rude.
We patiently waited for her to come take drink orders and/or bring a menu, finally we just flagged her down  for a menu.
She seemed irritated and threw the three  menus on our table.
My husband asked the bartender about the special $2 shot which is posted on the wall.
He ordered three $2 shots for then when we received our tab he charged us full price.
When we asked about the price it the blonde, rude waitress started yelling at us and said she doesn't care what is posted on the wall she's not giving us the $2 special.
We have given this place many chances and every time we are disappointing.
we decided this place was NOT worth our money nor our time.
Skip it and try another bar.

This place has the BEST wings of any place I've been to.
Ever.
I actually end up crazing their wings.
It's a fun place to go to relax.
Music isn't loud.
There aren't obnoxious people.
Karaoke on Saturdays!
But what keeps me coming is the wings.
Food food fooooood.

Looking for a great local dive bar!?
Look no further.
This place has all the qualities of a small town watering hole.
Cheap brews, good food, friendly staff (Linda) and not to mention best tunes in town because you can play what you like.
I recommend bud light by the gallons, super drummer burgers, and thursday nights cause you will have the bar to yourself.

This is a local dive bar with great bar food.
Very friendly bartender and fellow patron.
If you want to have a conversation folks will indulge you in some talk.
Cheap cold beer.
The wings and BLT was right on.
The only complaint I would have is the wings are $1 extra if you want them grilled after they come out of the fryer.
Good place before or after a Cubs spring training game.

Much better than the Phoenix location.
The service is great, food is great, people are nice.

