After a bad experience with a closer Clarion Inn, I settled on this Best-Western.
For being smack dab in the middle of the hood, it was pretty decent.
The Front Desk staff was polite and friendly.
The room was clean.
No evidence of vermin.
(I am always scared of hotels for this reason...) And finally, it was quiet, which was quite surprising considering it's location.
I can't say that it's the best place ever though as the TV was in pretty poor shape.
Old, and fuzzy which is extremely odd for having cable...
The price was above average for the area, but they do provide their rooms with a mini-fridge, coffee maker, and even an iron/board in the room.
So if you want a decent night sleep for a so-so price, then this location isn't so bad.

My husband and I stayed here while attending an expo at the Mesa convention center.
Location was great.
Many great places to eat on Main Street.
As for the hotel itself, it was older and outdated.
Rooms were equipped with mini-fridge, microwave and ironing board.
Our room was located overlooking the pool.
Only real complaint was that we were in a nonsmoking room and ashtrays were on the balconies under guests windows.
Woke up this morning and room reeked of cigarettes.
Perhaps designating one area away from guests room would be much better.

Ewww...
Double Ewwww...
Which is tough to say.
The rest of the In-law family stayed here with the help of some libated sterilizing ( don't care what that really means, i'm comfortable suggesting we drank enough to not mind the rooms ).
Didn't see "room service" for the three days we were there and the In-laws had a camera stolen from their room.
BUT, we had great company so we didn't leave.
Next time, I'm planning the trip.

So you're not getting a luxury hotel, obviously, you're getting a Best Western.
But as far as that tier of hotel goes, this is almost certainly the best I've stayed at.
Everything was clean in our room and in the public areas.
All the appliances (including the AC) were present and fully functional for our entire trip.
Wifi was free, and worked without any issue (alright, it was a little slow one evening, but not to the point that you couldn't use it.
) The pool was warm, and moderately large (it could've used a bit of cleaning, but still useable).
Breakfast was also free, and surprisingly expansive.
Beds weren't the greatest beds ever, but they were pretty comfortable, still.
And for all that, still crazy cheap per night.
If you see this review, and you're still tempted to stay across the street at the cheaper Travelodge across the street (like I did, the first year I went to this event)... don't.
It's worth it to be here instead.
Everything I mentioned above, was a difference I noticed between this hotel and the one on the other side of the street.
(Well, except the cheap part.
The Travelodge certainly had that covered, it just failed on every other level, while this place succeeded at pretty much everything.
)   We've actually stayed here three times now, and it's been great all three times!
(Great relative to other cheap hotels, obviously, not compared to fancier and more expensive hotels.
But sometimes you really just don't need the glitter, and want to save money, and this place does its job admirably.
Not all do.
) Super convenient to downtown Mesa, too, which is why we stay here.

Pros: room was clean, the area was quiet, free breakfast was good, the pool was nice and clean, the staff was respectful, and prices were affordable.
Cons: beds were not the most comfortable, the tub didn't drain quickly enough during showers, and we had to swipe our room key multiple times before the door opened.
Our stay turned out to be a better experience than we expected.

