i got tattooed here while visiting a friend in summer 2005. by corey, i think.
a year and a half later i'm still extremely pleased.
the color has held wonderfully, and corey (sorry, if i got your name wrong!
it's been a while) was awesome in general.
he gave me tons of extra shading for only $100.
with the time i spent in his chair it should have cost quite a bit more.
i'm always getting compliments on the quality of my tattoo, in fact, this place has sort of spoiled me for others.
i'm worried that i won't like my next tattoo near as much.
5 stars for the tattoo itself, but minus one star because i saw a flash on the wall that was misspelled, and that's just wrong.

i agree with tina n. hands down the best shop in Arizona.
Ron tattood my forarms like 5 years ago and the edges are just as sharp as the day i got them.
when people ask me where i got my tattoos i tell them with pride, "Immaculate, the best shop in the valley"   i know alot of random people who have sleeves from aaron and the detail and colors are just amazing.
saving up some cash...i really want to go back asap.
:)   from what i've heard Aaron commends a fairly good chunk of change, so i marked it as pricey, but i don't remember it being all that expensive when i went.
plan ahead, i think there is a waiting list on Aaron 6+ months.

I had Ron tattoo my side about ten years ago and I'd really like to have him do my next one.
I hope he's still there.
I get compliments from tattoo shop owners all the time.
Ron I hope your there i"m coming for you!

With so many great shops in AZ, it's hard to pick one as "the best".
Immaculate, however, is seriously in the running for the top spot.
Aaron Coleman is one gifted motherfucker.
His work is instantly recognizable from afar, full of bold shapes and bursts of color.
Aaron's charmingly demented mind can lead to some cray-cray shiz if you let him off his leash, but he also respects the less uninhibited souls such as myself.
His Orienlal and old school work is flawless.
Plus - huge PLUS - everyone there is super nice and friendly.
Including Aaron, whose degree of talent could let him get away with being a total diva asshole if he wanted to.
Rest assured, he is the opposite.
Prices are perfectly reasonable and on par with comparable shops in the Valley.
There is usually a hairy wait list, involving booking months in advance with a cash deposit.
As others have said, this isn't all bad, as it gives you time to refine your idea and save up the cash.
(and by cash, I mean it literally - no credit card machines here)

The absolute best shop in the valley.
Quality artwork and a comfy, laid-back atmosphere without the pretentious vibe found at other shops.
Aaron Coleman is the only artist I will ever use.

The best of the best.
What more is there to say?
As a heavily tattooed woman with most of my arms done by Aaron and one knee, an Aaron client can spot an Aaron client miles away.
Awesome clean work that will hold up over time.
My arms are at least 14 years old and I get compliments daily :)  Be sure to check out Mando and Josh's work, too!
Bad asses all around.

I am extremely impressed with the quality of my tattoo and the Tegaderm healing process.
Owner Aaron Coleman is quick, friendly and professional.
Be prepared to pay premium prices for premium quality work.
If that's your style, this is your shop.
Support local businesses!

