I brought my mom and my 93-year-old grandmother out to Denny's for Thanksgiving.
We decided it would be the best idea for my grandma, as she is in a wheelchair.
We were seated immediately at a nice clean table, and we each ordered a turkey dinner, fittingly.
I would have given this place 4 stars, as our waitress was super friendly and personable, but a couple things were a little off, especially on a holiday.
Our server didn't seem to know what type of side dishes or desserts were available that day; I sort of raised an eyebrow to this because, well, isn't that her job to know?
Second, she seemed too flustered to do anything efficiently, but she eventually got us our requested extra gravy and butter.
The food was excellent, I was rather impressed with how good their turkey and stuffing were, as well as the bread and potatoes.
The green beans were a little.... hard to chew, I guess.
They were tough, and that made it hard for my grandma to eat.
All in all, it was a good experience, and I'm glad I was able to spend it with my grandma.
I've been alive for 30 years, and this is the first Thanksgiving I've been able to spend with her.
I'm grateful we were able to go such a good restaurant and have a good time together.
Thanks Denny's!
Just remember, educate your employees about what food you have available!

Smelled like pee, had tweekers standing outside looking like they couldn't wait to break into your car the minute you walked inside & no one noticed us or seated us so we left.
Won't go back there ever again.

Walked in and smells like urine really bad.
So we are going to a different Denny's

I've yet to have a truly bad experience here, but the food takes an Eternity, the staff seem to hate working there and frequently forget to come back to the table.
we live right by this denny's, and yet when we do our denny's get-togethers (unlimited pancakes are one of the few pluses.
) We would much rather drive the extra few miles to the one on country club and southern.

I will make a long story short, I ordered the build your own burger.
I asked for a beef patty and the patty was literally falling apart.
It was more like a ground beef nugget burger.
Shake my head!
I guess they thought that slapping some cheese on top would help keep all the pieces together...FAIL.
From now on, I'll be making a drive all the way down to Stapley and Baseline for a les sub par Denny's experience.

Been coming here an average of once a week for overs year and got to know most of the staff and service is great!
I'm treated very well and in the mornings after work I'm greeted with cheerful waiters eager to make my breakfast a great Denny's experience.
Awesome customer service, I never had a problem with my order and this place is excellent in refilling my drink, will keep coming plus they proved free wifi for a geek tetchy gamer I am.

Great service.
Great food and never ending sodas.

The customer service was really good at this location!
The waiter was on top of things and kept things really smooth!
We had a great experience here!
I was kind of disappointment that they are limited to when kids each free but overall it was rather good.

Went with a group of 8.
The hostess seemed nervous about finding a table for us and that process was a bit slow.
We were not told that kids eat free on Tuesday nights and that would have changed our order from the beginning.
Grilled cheese and french fries were good.

Awesome service and food!!!
Massively above typical Denny's.
great job management!!

Stephanie (waitress) was extremely knowledgeable about the establishment and was kind enough to share the history with us.
Apparently it was a burger joint that burned down.
The burger joint was rebuilt as a diner.
Denny's purchased it from the owner and turned it into a Denny's with a diner feel.
Stephanie did check in on us, but the food took forever to arrive.
The bathroom was not clean...
Which is one of the reasons I dislike public restrooms.
Overall, Stephanie was attentive and friendly.
Food was okay but what do you expect from Denny's.
;-)

