Lunch on 12/7/11...a bad choice.
Not crowded@ about 1:30 p.m. We always sit in the bar area.
Not a good idea to have the bartender wait tables.
First...ordered a glass of Sutter Home Pinot Grigio.
Was told "we don't have that now" and was offered Little Black Dress Pinot.
I asked if it was the same price as the Sutter Home..told it wasn't but was advised she would "give it to me at that price today because I was having a bad day".
Why should I pay more for an "upsell" when they didn't have what was on the menu?
Ordered sandwich with fries.
Received my meal and the fries were old, shriveled and barely warm..so were my husband's.
Obviously, we were given the leftovers from lunch that had been sitting under the heat lamp.
Asked for and received freshly made, hot fries.
The manager approached our table asking how everything was.
I let him know what had transpired.
He seemed totally disinterested but he did comp my lunch.
The bartender/waitress came with our check and she basically admitted that we were served the "leftovers" from the early lunch service.
This Applebees has gone downhill in the past several years.
We used to have lunch here quite often in the late 1990's but we will not be back.
Things have steadily deteriorated the past couple of times we've been here.
I don't think it's too much to ask for hot fries and to have an item you offer on the menu.
Another example of the lack of quality and concern by chain restaurants!!!!
'hmmm

This Applebee's isn't bad.
The servers are all pretty nice and friendly but the food has kind of gone downhill.
The last three times, I've had garlic mashed potatoes; two times they were ice cold and the third time, they were so runny that I couldn't eat them.
Whenever I order a salad, I order extra dressing and I never get it.
The steaks and hamburgers are very good!!
All in all, not bad for the money.

Worst Applebee's every.
Took 10 min for someone to get my water.
Placed my order and when they brought my oriental chicken salad the chicken was hard and dried out, a drizzle of dressing.
My soup bowl was completely cracked, so then I couldn't eat anymore, lost my appetite.
Guy asked me once how I was doing, and didn't even give me a chance to talk.
Never again!!!

I went to this Applebees to grab a late dinner one night earlier this month and I will never go back.
Among entering I noticed this place looks a little outdated and dirty.
We were seated next to a table were the servers seemed to be hanging out at.
They  were very loud and obnoxious, and were brought plate after plate of food.
Which, is probably why it took so long for our food to arrive, because the kitchen was too busy feeding its staff.
The food was also not very good, I had a sandwich which was very burnt.
My boyfriend had fish and chips, and although the portion was very large the fish was overly breaded and fried which made it unbelievable crunchy.
My friend got a jalepano burger which dripped a sort of green, slimy residue as if the kitchen just poured them out from a can.
My other friend got orange chicken, which was just breaded chicken nuggets with an "orange" sauce over frozen rice and vegetables.
Our waitress was nice, but she spent too much time at the table adjacent to us eating with the other servers.
This restaurant just lost 4 customers in one dining experience.

serously my son and I had the chipote steak, it was so salty I couildn't eat it.
yuk

Not so happy, happy hour at this Applebee's.
Happy hour is awesome typically at any Applebee's, but the amount of time it took for us to get everything we ordered was disappointing.
When we were first seated it took our waitress about 10 minutes to even acknowledge that we were new customers waiting to give our order.
Once we ordered our drinks it took another 10 minutes to have them delivered (2 beers isn't a mix drink that a bartender has to create, right out of the tap, should have taken 5 minutes tops).
When our waitress finally delivered our drinks, she ran to the table dropped the bees off and darted away, at this time we were ready to order our food and she didn't even ask us if we were ready.
After flagging her down we were finally able to order our food.
After about 35 minutes we flagged her down again for she had walked past our table several times and didn't give us an update about what was taking so long, nor ask us if we wanted another round of drinks.
Once our food finally came out, things didnt get any better.
The buffalo wings were tasty, but my steak was dry and tough.
The mashed potatoes and broccoli that came along with my steak wasn't awful tasting, but also nothing special.
My friend ordered a burger and said the same thing.
It's just a burger nothing awesome about it but nothing nasty about it.
Im sure the kitchen gets backed up during happy hour, but that is when the waiters and waitresses should be on their toes checking on their tables to put the wait for food at ease.
At this time the cooks need to make sure they still care about food quality and not worry so much about just getting the food out the door.
*Currently looking for a happy, happy hour place*

Yes, yes I am really giving it a 5 star rating.
First off let me start out by saying we had a $10 buck gift card and that is really what prompted the visit.
I ordered the clubhouse grill with no bacon.
It has turkey and ham with a BBQ sauce.
I wasn't expecting it to be a melt but it hit the spot.
Managed to take a picture.
That and fries with two sides of ranch and I was in heaven.
My husband had the endless soup and salad lunch special.
First up for him was French onion soup and a spinach and shrimp salad.
Next the chilly and an Asian chicken salad.
Both were great and although we had not planned on getting desert our awesome waitress who filled my water glass a million times without me noticing talked us into brownie bites for 99 cents.
So cute these small triangle brownies and one scoop of ice cream.
I wish I would have remembered my camera.
The place was clean the food was good and the service was great!
I wasn't expecting to give it 5 stars but it really couldn't have gone any better.
Delicious!

I just left this place with my friend, the only pro is that the waiters were super friendly and the service was fast, got our food pretty quick considering it was busy.
We came during happy hour so our drinks were pretty cheap, my friend actually got wasted from all the discounted alcohol.
I just got plain chicken tenders and fries, they were good but the honey mustard sauce was too sweet.
My friend ordered a steak (medium rare) baked potatoes with a side of broccoli.
He said his potato and the broccoli were delicious but his steak was far from medium rare and it had a chewy, plastic consistency.
I really don't expect much from Applebee's but I don't appreciate paying 17 dollars for a small steak and having it taste like complete crap.

I made a mental note "Not all Applebees are the very same in food and service".
I have eaten at many Applebees all over the country which as usually pretty good, and this one stands out as a really bad one.
Boy, how true!
This location seems be in EPIC FAIL mode.
I had a moderately expensive Cajun shrimp dish, and it turned out to be a big pile of fettuccine topped with a very few scrawny and overcooked shrimp that were fibrous and under spiced!
These were almost as small as bay shrimp.
Plus, no side veggies, no bread, nothing.
The three others in my party had equally dismal dishes, and there was a lot of grumbling at our table because of the lame food.
My wife said "never again".
I have never given a poor rating to an Applebees, and am embarrassed to do so!
But, this is justified.

Thank you, Manager Frank, for covering our entire bill yesterday, including beverages, after our order got lost and we waited a long time for our food.
The food was good, too.
Try the new grilled chicken and honey pepper shrimp over cubed potatoes and green beans!

I went here to have a quick sit down at the bar and a bite with a friend at the bar.
I expected to have a relatively good time, but little did I know the bar was being hosted that night by the Ice Queen.
Cold treatment from this host from the moment we first ordered our beers, complete with being chided over my perfectly valid ID, to having to ask for a menu after waiting quite some time (instead of being asked if we wanted food, like most bartenders would??
) so we could even get the food we came for!
When the food came, the wings looked like someone had quite literally emptied a sauce bottle over them - they were sitting in a puddle!
Never had to dip a wing 4-5 times in ranch just to get some on it before!
At least the Quesadilla was tasty, though I really didn't appreciate being disagreed with by the bartender about leaving off the Pico de Gallo.
Tomatoes make me violently sick, I don't need your bloody opinion about them being on the dish!
Thankfully, an otherwise infuriating experience was mostly rectified by the bubbly friendliness of the waiter who came to send the previous bartender on a break.
The replacement and her friendly, happy demeanor is probably the main reason why I didn't simply walk out.
While I still rushed my dinner (and my friends) so we could get the heck out of dodge, it was a relief to see that the first employee wasn't a wholly accurate example of the staff.
Primarily for that reason I'm willing to give three stars, unlike the one or two I angrily wanted to.
I hope my experience with the staff to be a fluke.

Something about this particular Applebee's is off-putting.
The food wasn't as good as others, the interior wasn't as inviting and like others, the waiters would all meet up at the bar and talk to each other until someone walked in to be seated.
Would be ideal if they moved out and they were replaced.
Will try to avoid it.

First time at this Mesa, AZ Applebees.
Wonderful service, thanks Kailani!
My moms salad was made just right and my chicken tenders and fries were perfect.
We splurged and had the triple chocolate melt desert.
Wow!
Loved it!
I'm from Charleston, SC and I will be backi to this Mesa Applebees when I come to visit!

We ordered the 10.99 special with steak.
The steaks were the perfect size for us and they were cooked perfectly.
I had a delicious wedge salad and my wife had the best spinach salad ever.
It came with garlic spinach.
Yum.
The steak came with a really good vadalia onion sauce.
We have eaten at several all over the country and we get the small sre

