I was sad when the Baseline location of Carbajal's closed, but thanks to Yelp, we found out that Carbajal's moved from Baseline to Main St.  Carbajal's does not have real fried ice cream - at least, not any more if they did.
I just ate there and their ice cream is rolled in corn flakes.
It's still delicious though.
Too bad, I was looking forward to trying it.
Carbajal's recipe is simplicity.
They sell all the usuals, including mid-sized chimichangas, tacos, quesadillas, etc.
The average plate sells for about $8.
I always get the ground beef chimichanga with green sauce, sour cream, and guacamole.
It is straightforward, but one of the best I've had in town.
Their sauce is fantastic.
They serve fresh chips and salsa while you wait (and throughout the meal), and they do serve alcohol.
The restaurant is small - about 8 tables, plus 4 comfortable booths.
When we went there, they were accommodating a group of nearly 15 people, so mid-to-large groups are certainly do-able.
Carbajal's plays horribly low-budget Tejano music videos on their multiple HDTV's, which I found entertaining, if not at least laughable.
I will most certainly go again and again, and I recommend Carbajal's Mexican Food to ANYONE who enjoys Mexican food in general.

Pretty decent  food check it out if you aren't really sure where to eat in the area.
The Chimi  I had was fried just right and had a good flavor profile.

Very good authentic Mexican food.
Chips were thin and crispy...my relleno was perfect, and carne aside taco was perfect, just forgot to make it authentic and remove the lettuce and tomato and only have cilantro onion and cheese.
Waitress was very pleasant.

This place is mediocre at best.
Perhaps I am weird when I expect a Mexican restaurant to serve spicy food.
The food was bland and the server was too busy texting to refills beverage or bring my bill.

My wife and I walked in on a Thursday night... sat at the bar and ordered beers and food... asked to change the tv to the NFL network and they were more than happy to oblige!
Had the machaca chimi and the wife, cheese enchilada and taco.
All was delicious!!
Bartender offered a free sample of their house margarita (as they make their own mix...)... unexpected, and delicious!
We will be back for more!

