Great store!
Everyone there is very helpful.
We bought our sons bedding and crib there as well as a few odds and ends.
Will be back if we have another little one.
My only complaint is that moving my pregnant body around the store was a little hard because it's a little over crowded with stuff.

Large selection of baptism gown styles.
The majority of sizes are 0-3 months.
Some selections are last year styles still priced like new.
Overcrowded store that could use a good cleaning.
Poor customer service; the lady is quite rude and does not smile.
Employees who work in a children's boutique should be pleasant and not seem like they would eat your baby if left unattended.

I really love this baby boutique!
It's the only place I know of that has such a good selection of blessing/baptism dresses for infants (and suits too, I just have two girls so I don't look at those though).
And the prices for the blessing dresses have a good range so can find something that really fits your budget.
They have a great, affordable selection of hair bows, flowers, headbands, etc.
The clothes and fancy dresses are a little pricey for me, but I'm pretty cheap.
For a boutique I think they're average or better.
The lady at the counter was very knowledgeable and helpful.
If there's something baby/child specific you're looking for, check here!
With such a big selection I'm sure they have it!

I have several friends and family members who have purchased their nursery furniture in this store and I love what the bought.
I went in recently and was immediately greeted.
After I'd had a chance to browse a little, the owner came back to answer my questions and spent a great deal of time explaining why some items were simply not available and only being used to display bedding.
I fell in love with a furniture set and was ready to purchase it.
When I made the comment that it was a little outside my budget but was willing to spend the extra money, she steered me towards another set that was very similar but on sale.
Turns out I loved the hutch/dresser combo even better than the original set.
I am extremely happy to have finally found a nursery set that I absolutely love after searching so many other stores!

'Tis the season and I'm trying to shop local as much as possible...
It's challenging, however, to shop local particularly when on the hunt to furnish a nursery, and especially when you can find big box stores that carry anything and everything you could ever imagine at pretty low prices.
We're planning for the arrival of baby #2 in March, so I've recently been doing a ton of research on nursery necessities.
It hit me over the last few weeks that I needed to get my act together and order a crib and dresser.
The problem was, I had my mind set on ordering something grey, and since the gender of the baby is going to be a surprise, it had to be universal - not too masculine or too feminine.
I did find a couple of local stores that carried nice lines, and of course there were also some options at big box stores like Buy Buy Baby and Restoration Hardware.
However, when an out-of-state friend of mine suggested I look into a particular crib she'd found, I did some more research, and that led me to Crismon's Baby Boutique.
It turns out that Crismon's not only carries all kinds of children's clothing and accessories and specializes in Christening outfits, but they also offer competitively priced furniture and gifts!
I was very happy to learn that they work with Franklin & Ben, a really unique nursery collection that I initially found online and through my friend in Chicago.
When I called to inquire and learn more, I spoke to Lisa, and she was extremely helpful.
My husband and I went in and met Lisa in person and several days later, we decided to place an order.
So at the moment, we're playing the waiting game, but I can't wait to furnish the nursery with an awesome convertible crib and double wide dresser in a gorgeous weathered grey color from Crismon's.
Crismon's is a family-owned business serving the Phoenix area since 1979.
Check their hours before you head over to visit, as I believe they are only open Wednesday - Saturday.
I'll update this review once I receive our purchase, but so far, I've been extremely pleased with the service I've received.
Fingers crossed for a five star update (and a five star baby too!

