Randy back in the hitch install bay is great.
After another shop torqued my hitch down to 120ft lbs (really?!?!?!
) he was quick to get it right and ease my mind.
Work was quick and efficient, I would highly recommend Randy and the team here for hitch installation and service to anyone.
Great job guys!

I've rented a truck from this location twice.
Both times they were better priced than other truck rental places.
Our truck was clean and ready when we arrived.
The staff is friendly.
The check-in/check-out was quick.

Tip: To find the hitch installation, go to the far left side *when looking from the street* and down to the very back of the parking lot.
Apparently this location is the best if you want a hitch installed.
Andy from Broadway in Mesa sent me over.
The guys who installed everything were pretty nice.
It took a bit more than an hour though so be prepared for a bit of a wait.
And... since people are gonna be stuck back there waiting so long, they should have a vending machine of some kind!!!
I was so thirsty  and it was so hot outside that I didn't want to take my baby out in the heat and walk around the block to the main office for their vending machine.
:-/  At least put a complimentary water dispenser or something!
lol  But really, these guys were good and I am happy with my hitch.
Might see ya there!

These guys offered GREAT service.
Help me in on a late take out, provided great information over the phone, and great customer service while at the facility.
Very clean location, a lot of choice on site with the trucks.
thanks guys!!

Regarding UHaul's "Family of Companies," poor customer service, illegal policies, rudeness, and inability to understand the definition of words used on their own contacts:  I ordered a U-Box from UHaul and picked it up (and returned it for shipping) on 6/12.
As per their confirmation email to me, it was GUARANTEED to arrive at it's final destination 6/22.
It did not arrive until 6/26.
I was informed by a local UBox representative that it would be no problem to get the UBox sent to a slightly more convenient location.
I kept in touch with her for several days and she then told me she had tried to speak to the shipping department.The shipping department had told her there was no way to change the destination without calling the (undisclosed to me) third party shipping company.
Then they told her they couldn't do that as they didn't have a working telephone number for the shipping company!!!!
Every call I have made to UHaul, be it a specific location, regional office, or corporate headquarters has been handed off when I ask about getting a partial refund.
Every person directs me to call another office.
When I was finally able to get in touch with the originating Madison, WI office, the person I spoke with (supposedly the shipping manager- Brandon Fiddler) was incredibly rude to me as said flat out "I see it was shipped late.
That's how it goes.
I'm not giving you anything.
" I called corporate, after speaking to this man, I was told that I apparently threatened legal action so they won't speak to me any longer and have closed my case?
Seeing as how I never threatened legal action, I find this preposterous, and I challenge them to produce the recording I did so in, since they record all phone conversations.
UHaul has taken moving, an already stressful experience, and made it completely miserable.
I have spent more than 7 hours on the phone with them, and can't get any resolution at all, and generally, receive nothing but insolence.
They love to tell you that you have to contact the originating office or the receiving office or corporate or that the people you need to speak to are all away at the moment and have wildly unpredictable hours.
In addition to all of this, I had initially rented a trailer as well, and had a hitch installed on my car.
The day comes to go get my trailer and they (surprise) don't have it.
They make me drive out to the middle of friggin' nowhere to get it, 5 minutes before this gas station that does UHaul on the side is closing.
We do the paperwork and he's ready to connect my trailer- except the hitch is incomplete!
I had to run around this tiny town trying to find the remaining parts and lucky for me this nice guy stayed late.
What a complete nightmare.
Update: A very nice guy at the original location approved roughly 30% of my expenses/ demand for money back.
But that only happened AFTER I filed a complaint with the BBB, which is still going back and forth.
FILE A COMPLAINT WITH BBB ASAP, that is likely the ONLY way they will even pay attention to you.
Also, do some googling on it, their customer service isn't the only thing they like to pass blame from office to office on.
If you sue them, you have to sue the corporate office in Phoenix.
They will say it's a family of franchise companies and pass the blame, but that's how the actual law behind it works, and they will lose.
Oh- in addition, in the process of researching, I found this guy's story, READ IT.
http://dontuseuhaul.com/index.htm  I encourage you ALL to file small claims against one of the WORST companies I have literally ever dealt with in my life (and that includes Charter)!

