This is a 5 star clinic but is held to a 4 star because nothing in the entire place seems to have been updated since the early 70's when it opened.
The Dr. Bramley was a Vet here for years and turned it over to his son Dan.
Both are fantastic veternarians who charge very reasonable fee's for their service.
No appointments, it's all walk in and often quite crowded.
Expect to wait 45+ min.

We were referred by our breeder to this clinic.
Dr. Bramley (Jr) is an excellent vet.
He told us what's needed to be done and what's not necessary.
His office visit charges are reasonable.
Dr. Bramley has a lot of experience as a vet.
Our breeder trust him, so we trust him completely.
We would recommend him to other animal lovers!

We LOVE this place.
3rd generation veterinarian in the same Mesa building.
Exceptionally affordable, you NEVER get an up-sell, very knowledgeable, compassionate and funny.
There are very gentle with our dogs and we are on our second generations of dogs.....very sad when we lost our last two brother and sister dynamic duo Jerry and Tomac.
We have new life again in our home with Opie and Haley and would never hesitate to make the drive from Ahwatukee to North Mesa to have them cared for by this Son and only Semi-retired hard working Father.
I found out today that they  are now taking new patients, for a while they were so booked they could only work with the patients they had.
If you have not found a great vet you may want to get in before they have to turn people away again.
A good Dr is hard to find and our dog kidz could not be in better hands.

Wow!
I must say I am impressed!
Took my dog there today as an emergency because I couldn't get in to my other established vet and because we're headed out of town.
Dr. Dan blew me away!
His demeaner with the animals is amazing and the prices are soooo reasonable.
I feel like my dog received top notch care for a fraction of the price I normally pay.
He was very informative and explained my dogs situation and told me how to treat it and what to watch for.
I had to wait about 5 minutes to be seen (remarkable!
) and I was in and out really fast.
The office staff was great too!
Don't let the no appointments rule intimidate you - there is only seating in the waiting room for about 15 people so the longest wait you'd likely ever have is about 45 minutes :-) I plan on transferring my dogs regular routine visits/care to this establishment.

The Dr.s and staff at Eastside Animal Hospital are very friendly.
We started going here when our cat developed cancer, so they weren't visits for a happy reason.
But my cat liked Dr. Dan and that's what was most important to me and my husband.
Unfortunately our cat got quite sick and everybody there was very sympathetic.
They even referred us to an in-home euthanasia service.
We'll continue to go to them with our other cat.
We would recommend them to other animal lovers.

Visited the Eastside Animal Hospital again for another animal incident :-) Equally as impressive as my first visit.
Met the older doctor and he was so helpful and direct - I loved it.
I still cannot believe the difference in prices compared to my regular vet.
For instance, I inquired about dental cleaning which three of my five dogs are due for.
EAH cost is about $300 - $325 per dog including everything.
Cost at my regular vet is $1,000 or more NOT everything included!
And the care and attention received for my animals is equal at both clinics.
I am amazed that this jewel in the desert kind of clinic exists so close to my house and I had never heard of it before.
I'm surprised EVERYONE doesn't bring their animals here :-) Thank you EAH for providing the best service and care for my animals ever!

My entire family have trusted our pets for 2 generations of doctors!
Dr Bramley Sr and now Dr Bramley Jr!
Wow they are a great family.
I understand the grandfather was a vet as well.
They tell it like it is and don't try to upsell you on anything.
They are in it for the pets well-being as well as you.
Very caring family I highly recommend.
Just a word of advise due to the long lines in the morning I try to go in the afternoon!
Great Job EAH!!

