I've attended a musical or two a year for several years at the Broadway Palm Dinner Theatre and generally enjoyed the performances.
The buffet, on the other hand, has varied but this time for "Anything Goes" the carved turkey and boiled cod tasted good.
I can not say the same for the overcooked broccoli or veggie lasagna so my meal was turkey, cod and a slice of cherry pie.
Not exactly gourmet but acceptable with a glass of Little Penguin Pinot Noir.
The audience for the early Sunday dinner/performance was mostly AARP age and higher.
I overhead an elderly woman comment on today's music and she made the comment she couldn't understand the words.
She was stuck in the Lawrence Welk era while "Anything Goes" predates even the Welk era.
I remembered some of the tunes but not the words from long ago.
The singing and tap dancing were very good throughout Act 1 and 2.
I particularly found "The Gypsy in Me" to be humorous and entertaining.
It had been a rainy drive from Scottsdale to Mesa and was still raining in finding the car.
All in all a pleasant evening with family and friends despite the inclement weather

My 2nd visit here was last night, went to see The Buddy Holly Story with a few friends.
We started at the bar out front and had a few well-mixed cocktails, then moseyed into the theater for a buffet style dinner (good, not great food), and then the show began... and what a surprise - this was something I would expect to see at the Orpheum downtown - the cast was VERY talented and actually played the instruments themselves.
They could use a little work on the sets, but the overall act was polished.
They managed to get everyone up and out of their seats for the finale - with Buddy Holly, Richie Valens, and The Big Bopper all singing Rave On together with the crowd.
Awesome show and venue!

I went to see a performance of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas at this dinner theater with a friend I was visiting in Arizona.
Although the play was fun and funny we should have opted for the lesser price of just seeing the play.
The dinner was abismal.
All of my food was tepid to cold by the time I got it back to my table.
This took only a few minutes.
I took a slice of the steamship of beef, which was the toughest piece of meat I've eaten, albeit only two bites, in a long time.
The food was served in steam trays and was very unappetizing to start with.
When I looked at the sauce on the broccali I blanched; it was congealed and did not look good.
I continued through the buffet and noticed that the potatoes that were sitting in water with a green herb floating looked like they were canned.
I did not see steam wafting up from under the food as I often do in a heated buffet.
Likewise the desserts were lackluster, I could barely taste any carrots in the carrot cake, the lemon bars were not tangy, just a mild lemon taste.
I will give the ice cream bar a thumbs up.
The ice cream was cold & the fudge was hot.
When I sent an email to comment it was not answered for a week.
I then sent it on to another representative who told me that when she eats there several times a week the food is always hot.
Her response was ungracious and they didn't seem to like it that I complained.
Our waitress was practically non-existant & her helper did most of the work cleaning the table and providing us with our coffee/tea.
There is a message included with the menu that a $3.00 tip is recommended for the waitress.
Since we got our own dinner and brought it to the table and did not have alcohol I'm not sure why a tip was warrented.
I would not recommend this theater for your dining experience.
There are other theaters in the area where you can see a good show.
I would skip this one in the future.

I was in the Phoenix area for some meetings for work, so that always means a trip out to a few nice dinners on the company.
Our team event was held at the Broadway Palm and there was a total of 24 of us.
First, let me say, musicals are not my thing, so going to see "George M" really didn't float my boat.
Upon getting some drinks before the show, we made our way to our table.
As we entered the room, I soon realized that our group was the youngest by at least an average of 20 years.
I think the average age of the room that night was 70.
The food was decent - it was a buffet, so it can't be more than decent.
I was tickled pink though when I saw a GIANT bowl of turkey gravy.
Giant.
I love gravy, and having that there gave this place an extra star.
The desserts were a buffet as well, and nothing was spectacular, but nothing was really bad either.
The service was friendly.
The roast turkey was pretty good, and so were the salads, but you really can't screw up salad.
There was some strange looking white fish on the buffet that did not look like fish.
We arrived at the theater at 5:30 and the show didn't start until 7:30, so that didn't help much adding to the appeal of the place.
The show was entertaining, and the actors did a great job and could really sing.
I always can appreciate things I am not good at, so it kept me entertained.
Not my cup of tea, but if you are into musicals, it's probably worth a visit.
I won't be going out of my way to go there next time I am in Phoenix.

Go see Mark Cordes - The Spouse Whisperer.
What a fun way to spend our 28th Anniversary.
Lose weight too- you'll laugh you butt off!

Saw "Oklahoma!
" here a few years ago and enjoyed the show.
We also had the dinner buffet, which was OK- nothing to write home about.
I remember thinking that the desserts were the only items worth trying...
If its location just wasn't so out-of-the-way (back then I lived in Chandler!
), I'd have been back many times by now, but I've only visited that one time.
Even now, I have a chance to buy 80% off gift certificates online, but it's a 28-mile drive from Scottsdale, so I think I'll pass...

I recently attended a matinee performance of "Seussical" here with my fiance and his 5-year-old son.
It was the first time any of us had been to this venue, and I was fairly impressed.
The theater itself is clean and large, and all tables have excellent views of the stage.
The staff were friendly and very accommodating.
When we arrived, we were escorted to our table, which was right up front.
We went to the buffet area to get our food, which was just average.
I'm not sure if the dinner buffet is any better, but this one had a lot of choices for kids, which was good for our little guy (mac & cheese, chicken nuggets, etc.
), but left something to be desired for the adults.
The desserts were OK - the ice cream bar was the best part.
Soft drinks and alcoholic drinks are available for purchase, and tipping is highly encouraged (there's a placard on the table suggesting how much to tip, which I found to be helpful information but slightly tacky).
While we ate, the cast members walked around, stopping to pose for photos and sign autographs.
That was a really nice touch, and it was fun for the kids to see the characters before the show.
The musical itself was really good for a small local theater.
I was impressed with the talent of the cast and it definitely held our little guy's attention the entire time (an intermission helped break up the show).
Overall, I was very impressed with our experience, and I would definitely go again, either as a family event or maybe a "date night".
The only thing preventing me from giving this place 5 stars is the food - it was average.

My wife and I have not attened the Palm in awhile, due mostly to poor food.We had the chance to go last night to see a Niel Diamond impersonator, who was pretty good.
The food that was served last night was terrible, worse then the last time we were there.My wife and I help feed the homeless at Paz  in mesa, and the food served there is better then we got last night.

What a surprise!
I didn't expect to find the production of Cinderella to be as brilliant and lovey as it was!
The sets were Disney quality, not to mention the costumes---all professional and dazzling.

My family loves going to Broadway Palm Theatre.
The singing and dancing talent on the stage is amazing!
Costumes and sets are gorgeous and colorful.
We've seen Sound of Music, Seussical, Annie, Cinderella, The Winter Wonderettes, and Chicago.....probably left out a couple shows.
My kids are always hooked by the performances on stage.
This is not your local community theatre production.
It is a professional theatre.
The food is all right.
There's a variety of entrees to choose from, I usually find something I like.
But it's not gourmet, I don't expect it to be.
For the kids' shows, there's a kid buffet.......foods your kids and grandchildren will love.
I plan on taking my family there for this year's A Christmas Carol!

We just attended Legally Blonde and were very pleasantly surprised.
The food was good, staff were friendly,  and views of the stage were really good.
The facility is well-designed and clean, a really appealing place to see a show.
The most impressive part, however, was the show itself --  we were seriously impressed with the quality of the acting and the production values!!
It was a very active show, extremely entertaining, with really catchy songs that were well-performed and sharp.
Maris Fernandes's performance as Elle Woods was outstanding, rivaling Reese Witherspoon, and it would have been difficult not to get pretty attached to the characters.
The actors met us all out front after the show -- we even got to pet the chihuahua!
Overall, a fantastic afternoon!

Tis the season to eat, drink, and be merry.
My job decided that an outing to listen to 2 hours worth of Christmas Carols with 7 roudy young adults was a good idea...I think next year we'll be doing a White Elephant in one of our meeting rooms.
To my astonishment buffets are really still a hit (among most senior citizens, this is still a staple food item.
) For the price, though, you really get alot!
The buffet was, of course, all you can eat.
The flow of traffic was easy, and there was no waiting in long lines.
The food was actually rather good, That night it was a Thanksgiving inspired menu of stuffig, turkey, brisket, salad, buttered beans, mashed potatoesm and an array of desserts.
Even ice cream!
While this is not a veg friendly buffet, they at least have salad.. :/   As for drinks, and I thought this place to was too classy for booze, they are good and cheap!
We emptied about 8 margarita's the size of my head the whole night.
It made the carols seem less...painful.
I would say this place is definately worth trying out.
Not just for Christmas, this place is open all year round and have very amazing plays for all to enjoy!

I wish I could give it a 4.5 or 4.8!
It really deserved it :)  My daughter & I had a special Christmas Day evening out, just the two of us, & lucky for us the Broadway Palm Dinner Theater was open!
We had a great dinner, buffet style.
Now, my daughter is a huge fan of buffets (it's like competitive eating, lol), but I'm not.
Normally my thought process is 'if I'm paying for this meal then don't make me walk to get it', lol!
However, at this place I changed my mind :) The food was much better than any buffet that I can remember having, the lines moved quite quickly & the food was plentiful.
Plus, everyone was in a festive mood & it was nice to chat with people in line :)   & the show!
We where fortunate enough to watch the musical A Christmas Carol & it was FANTASTIC!
Honestly, I have not a con to list about the show.
Towards the end Scrooge ran through the crowd, shaking hands & wishing people a Merry Christmas & my daughter was one of the lucky ones, which made it that much more memorable an experience for her :)   This was honestly the best Christmas evening I've ever had :)  The only reason I did not give 5 stars was because the chairs can get a tad bit uncomfortable after more than 2 hours of sitting, lol.
Still, I LOVE this place & plan on visiting again soon & if I'm lucky, I'll be there next Christmas Day too!

The Palms Theatre is back!
And ready to impress.
I went to the Opening Night of Menopause the Musical and felt myself dancing along in my chair to the catchy tunes.
This story follows four women's journey's through the changes of menopause.
The actresses were excellent!
They all four had beautiful singing voices and nailed their parts!
There's the business woman, a soap opera star, a hippie love child and an Iowa housewife who can all bond over hot flashes and forgetfulness, all while dancing and singing inside a Bloomingdales.
I wish my mom lived in Arizona because I'm sure she would have really enjoyed it.
They also have dinner with a salad bar and hot meal options.
Don't forget a chocolately brownie or apple pie for dessert!
They also have beer, wine and cocktails.
Don't forget to tip your servers!
Menopause runs now through Nov. 23rd.

The Broadway Palm is back as The Palms Theatre and I am so glad!
Mesa needs this theatre in our community bringing musical and concerts to our residents.
I took a group of ladies opening night of Menopause the Musical and we laughed till we cried.
The performers are stellar, the food was excellent and the staff is back to the quality of the staff from before.
Welcome back to Mesa and thank you to the Prather family for trusting in our community enough to bring The Palms back for our entertainment!

I was there to see Dixie Swim Club, The play was fun the actors were very good.
The food was horrible!

My daughter's girl scout troop saw The Adventures of Flat Stanley here today and it was awesome!
The actors were all very lively and entertaining.
There were a lot of kids in the audience and and it seemed that their attention was kept throughout the whole performance.
Even a few adults were heard laughing out loud.
The music and choreography was perfect to tell the story of Flat Stanley for those who weren't familiar or didn't read the books (like myself).
It also helped that we had the best seats in the house...Front Row!!
I wish they'd have better food for the adults though since the matinee buffet was mostly geared toward kids.
Mac and cheese,  chicken nuggets,  fries,  etc.
However, I did have a good helping of Mac and cheese.
Overall,  my daughter and her troop had a great time so that's all that matters.
We were even able to take pictures and get autographs in their Flat Stanley books after the show.
The actors were so nice to the girls and some even stayed in character and chatted them up.
The next kid themed show isn't until Christmas and it's more than likely we'll be back.
Maybe even sooner for a night out with the hubby!

