Dr. Nowicki has been my family's vet for as long as I remember.
He is great with our cats (and so is his entire staff).
When something is wrong, he explains all your options to you.
And when it comes to putting an animal down, it's always done with so much understanding and sympathy.
I can't imagine taking my animals to another vet.

I absolutely love Dr. Nowicki.
I had seen him a few times, and even though he wasn't the cheapest, he was the most honest.
I went to him when my dog was in pain and I knew he would give me an honest answer versus giving me the run around.
I knew in my heart what he was going to say and that's why I went to him.
We tried a week of treatment and when my dog went downhill, my friend was forced to put him down while I was at my brother's wedding out of town.
Even though Dr. Nowicki wasn't open in order to help with that, he sent me a sympathy card for my loss.
I would suggest Northeast Animal Hospital a thousand times over.

Dr. Nowicki is a no frills vet.
Like most vets he will advise you that appropriate test need to be done to check for possible issues, and if your animal is leading a poor quality of life he will be the first to let you know.
However, he doesn't recommend a tune up when all you need  is an oil change if you get my drift.
My cats and my dogs love him and warm right up to him.
He has a very soft spoken personality that animals just seem to adore.
His office staff is great and as long as he is open my pets will be  treated by Mesa Northeast Animal Hospital   Something that is sad to talk about, but that I really feel should be mentioned is this.
Over the years Dr. Nowicki has treated my families animals and now he treats mine.
I have been unfortunate in that I have had to put down some of my elderly furry friends in the last couple of years, but I was lucky that I had someone like Dr. Nowicki to perform such a task.
He has always been respectful in that aspect.
However, more importantly he was always direct,  yet compassionate when it came time to let me know that it was better for my animals to move on.
Some people can get so attached to a pet that the thought of loss blinds them to the potential pain and suffering the pet maybe going through.
Dr. Nowicki is not the kind of vet, or person for that matter to play on the emotions of a person to make a dollar while an animal suffers.

Dr. Ryan Ainsworth has been my vet for several years.
He takes care of my dogs and also referred me to an excellent surgeon for my dog's orthopedic issue.
He is straight-forward and honest and my dogs love him.

Dr Ryan Ainsworth has been caring for all the furry critters in my family for several years.
We are thrilled that he has his own practice now.
Even though we live in Peoria-he is worth the drive to Gilbert!
We trust Dr. Ainsworth completely and love that he integrates wellness (acupuncture and nutrition) into the care of our "babies".

I can not say enough about the compassion of these amazing people.
Sadly, I had to say good bye to my dear friend and member of our family, Max.
Max was a very sweet corgi mix that recently got sick and was suffering.
Dr. Nowicki eased Max's pain with gentle hands and love in his heart.
The staff was kind and considerate and loving as well.
I hope none of you need him for this service, but you do you will be in great hands.
Thank you!

