Ahh the holder of knowlege, the chamber of wisdom, and those sickly popular twilight books.
Ladies and gentlemen your local library (half hearted clapping).
This location just happens to be down the street from my house so whenever I am able to pry my self off the couch I make a trip to see what it has to offer.
First off I have to comment on the hours of operation or better yet the lack there of.
Seriously why would a library close early everyday as well as not even open on Sunday or Monday?
I mean come on are we doing so bad in this state that we can not even afford to support a place where people go to seek knowledge and rent the last season of Knight Rider?
Will the snow birds have to find a new place to flock other than here and the fruit market?
These are questions that need to be answered!
OK all joking aside they do have a really nice and helpful staff of people who are great at locating any reading material your little heart desires.
For those who like to check out DVD 's they have a VERY limited selection so you may want to hit the local redbox instead.
The thing that is really nice about this location is the very large children section which my niece and nephew love.
Plus they host workshops and put on little shows every couple of weeks.
It does seem to get a little crowed after 3pm so if you are not into big crowds I would try to get there early.
Overall I would say this library is nice but with limited selections on everything from books, videos, and reference resources I will stick to the Mesa main branch library or even the one located in Apache Junction.

I live in Phoenix, but as a distance education student working on an MBA, my exams must be proctored.
For whatever strange alien reason, the Phoenix library system does NOT proctor exams!
(Hello?!?
)    Thankfully, the Mesa Public Libraries proctor exams.
I've taken an exam each at the Main Branch and the Red Mountain Branch, which is this one.
This one has dedicated rooms for proctoring (read: SILENCE!).
The room was comfortable with a table and chairs, computers if needed, lots of natural light from a few windows, and in a back corner of the library away from the children's section.
Dolores has been very helpful and responsive with setting appointment times and answering questions.
It is a drive for me from where I live, but I decided that's a good stress reliever pre- and post-exam...not as bad as it might be for others.
The library has free Wi-Fi and plenty of parking, though not a lot of covered parking.

Huge library, very modern and wonderful staff.
Just going here makes me want to read more.

I love libraries, I love books and I am a big fan of the the Red Mountain Branch of the Mesa Public Library.
This place is huge, with lots of places to sit & study, relax and read, as well as private areas for meetings or study groups if needed.
This location has everything you could possibly need.
The staff was super helpful and friendly.
Go read a book, you might like it!

