I am always impressed by the fact that they seem to have everything I need despite their size!
Everyone is friendly and knowledgeable.

I love this store.
The people!
The service!
The way this business wants to help you and actually wants you to come back again.
It is worth the trip anywhere in the East Valley to come to this ACE Hardware location.
They care about people over profits, they want to help you and they act like businesses use to when folks cared about each other in a COMMUNITY!
I do not work for them and do not work for Yelp.
I am a real person and this places get 2 thumbs way up!

Horrible management.
Lady cashier didn't give me my change .
When I  asked about it she said she couldn't remember was her reply.
I asked for a Manager.
The rudest lady ever she said no way was i gonna get my change, until closing.
Manager refused said it's store policy.
I waited for a hour until finally they counted the register found my extra change rudely gave me my change and gave no apology.
Rudest people ever i will go to a bigger chain store next time.

I went into Rod's on my last wits trying to replace a fitting from my water line in the wall of my old house to the line going to my toilet.
It was a very rare threading and after asking one person's help and he wasn't sure if they had the correct fitting, three other people at the store jumped in, brainstormed and found exactly what I needed.
Two thumbs up and 5 stars from this customer as I would have been screwed without the help they provided.

Ive been going to this ACE for about 8 years.
The customer service is always 5 star.
Ace is a little $$ but they also carry a lot of hard to find items that you just wont get at home depot or lowes.
Thanks to ALL the staff at Rods Ace hardware for helping me on all my projects.

Horrible customer service today!!
My husband just got gone from a trip to this store and said 2 clerks having a conversation when he entered the store were obviously unconcerned about 10 customers waiting in line at the cash register!!!!
Everyone looked frustrated and when he approached a clerk in the back of the store to open a locked cabinet of drill bits for him, the clerk  acted terribly inconvenienced.
*sigh*

I've always had good customer service.
they have all your basic needs, though product is limited and prices are a bit higher than other stores.

been going for 13 yrs now, bit pricey but has what u need in a bind.
the guy is ok, the women have their moments.
today i was accused of stealing a 3 dollar red bull energy drink !!!
really lady?
i said u wanna check me !!!
i have more money than ur whole god damn family lady.
i do not need to steal anything.
i was pretty dissapointed in this whole ordeal !!!
was it because i been sick and havent shaved in a few days???
maybe !!
but it does not give anyone the right to accuse anyone of stealing depending on what they look like !!!
you have lost my business ace hardware and i will make sure i tell eveyone about this

