I have a lot of dogs, so I do a lot of grooming.
Top Dog is my favorite in west Mesa.
There are typically three or four groomers working everytime I come in.
They'll take walk-ins for any type of service, even the fancy breed-specific cuts.
Nail trims cost $12 and take about 5 minutes.
I've never had a dog leave with a bleeding nail.
They keep a record of each dog's visits, so I don't have to repeat instructions from visit to visit.
You can also see them working from the lobby, so you can watch to see how it goes (but don't let your dog see you; it's harder for the groomer to keep them calm).
The owner works there, so if you have issues, you can easily pull her aside.
Parking is available in a lot.
There are two chairs in the lobby (along with leashes and toys for sale), but there's not much within strolling distance, so bring a book or run your errands if you have a wait.

I have taken my dog, Yoda, to Top Dog twice now and both times I've been happy with the service and the staff.
I am definitely going back.
The price is very reasonable and they do a great job.
Yoda is a dachshund so he doesn't need any kind of haircut or anything but I have seen some of the fancy breeds walking out and they look good.

I have been taking my dogs to Top Dog for over a year.
I go regularly, every other month.
Debbie usually does one dog and someone else at the shop the other dog.
I am always happy with their service.
The price is right, and they take really good care of the dogs.
Thanks TOP DOG!

We've been taking our dogs here for ten years now.
They always have appointments available, they are very sweet to our dogs, and they are reasonably priced.
I love reliable and local businesses like these.
Great job!

I wouldn't trust these folks with my dog again.
I took my little terrior in for a basic grooming.
When I picked her up, three hours and two phone calls after the time they said she was going to be done, her foot was wrapped in a bandage.
Nobody ever called my to tell me she was hurt, nor did they mention it either time I had called.
When I asked what happened the groomer said that "she", as in my dog, cut off her doclaw.
Not only did she injure my dog and not call me to tell me about it, she actually blamed my dog!
To top it all off, she made me pay full price for the grooming!
Beware.

We are full-time RVers so we need to take our dog to a new groomer every few months.
Top Dog was excellent with our very nervous Bichon.
Our little Bichon was a rescue from a puppy mill and we have had her only eight months.
She does not like strangers and can nip when she gets frighten.
Top Dog new this ahead of time but took her anyway.
They did an excellent job of handling her and she came back looking beautiful.
I hope we can find another groomer down the road  as good as Top Dog.

My family and I have been coming here for over 20 years.
We have always been happy with the service.
Irene does an excellent job on Schnauzer clips.
The cost is reasonable.
They give a courtesy call when your pet is ready.
I highly recommend this small locally owned independent business.

