This place is adorable, and the tables they have inside are filled almost every morning I stop in here.
The bagels are the best I have had in the state of Arizona!
I used to frequent Kokibelli, however our office has recently moved and I needed to find a new bagel place.
It seems to be the only one in the area.
They offer Breakfast sandwiches as well as Lunch Sandwiches..Pitas and salads as well..
The service is great!
Make sure to visit this place if you are in the area!
It is well worth the stop!
I will be adding their menu as soon as our scanner is hooked up!

Delicious bagels!!
Its a cute little place hidden away.
There aren't many bagel places out here, so it was great to find this little hideaway!
They have some sweet and regular bagels to try and a yummy variety of whipped cream cheese.

This is my favorite bagel place in the Valley (not just Mesa).
I'm often torn between the roasted red pepper cream cheese spread on a double toasted bagel (they even have a sign explaining the difference between single toasted, double, or triple toasting!
) or the Sunrise breakfast sandwich with crispy bacon, red onion, and jalapeno cream cheese.
They open at 7:00 am on Saturday.

This place is ok I usually order the lox bagel with cream cheese and the wife gets the egg cheese sandwich  neither sand tends to have much flavor for some reason the bagels are good though the help tends to be young and or non friendly unless your a regular and with that level of service I will  defenitly will not be a regular

ok let me re review this place i think thebreakfast  bagel sandwiches i ordered yesterday were dang good the staff there the last 2 times have been more congeniel than in the past .

This place is YUMMY!

The best bagel shop I have been to ever!!
They have sooo many choices of bagels, and listen to customer feedback (just added a Hawaiian bagel!!
) The staff there are very friendly and efficient!
Anyone who lives around mesa must visit this cute bagel shop , you can also place an order to go.
There phone number is 480 -807-5010.
There prices are very reasonable as well.
I used to always get my coffee from starbucks in the morning, but i am now getting them here, they have the best iced caramel mocchiato's and are cheaper than starbucks..
They also have a punch card that you can use when you purchase anything .. 10th punch is on them!

Clean, cheap, friendly, and yummy.

The best bagel shop I have ever been to!
I love their sandwiches and I love that there is always fresh iced tea brewed.
YUMMY!

I am a regular at this bagel shop.
This is a family favorite for sure.
I like that they have a great selection.
The cheese bagels are the best around.
Other favorites are Apple Crunch, Cranberry, and French Toast.
The Hot Cocoa is good and there seems to be many coming in for the coffee.
I can't speak for their sandwiches but they seem to be busy serving those as well.
Staff is always friendly.

Bagel Nosh is a quaint little bagel shop.
They have a multitude of bagels to choose from.
I had a breakfast egg bagel sandwich and half dozen bagels for coworkers.
This looks like a small family owned bagel shop, which is nearest bagel shop respective to work.
The prices are quite reasonable too!

Fellow Foodies: These Bagels are the best Bagels in all the land!
These bagels taste like the Chef King made them from scratch with his magical ingredients, and baked them fresh in his golden oven.
Their warm Chocolate Chip Bagel (now who can say no to that?
), and their toasted Cheese Bagels are amazingly delicious.
If you get them single toasted, they are warm throughout, and barely crispy on the edges, and pull-apart super soft on the inside.
*Bagel Bliss* Oh, and they have homemade cream cheese.
You will never taste cream cheese as good as this, unless you are willing to grab your apron and cheesecloth, and make it from scratch yourself.
Everyone I have brought here, has loved it.
I know you will too :)

I Really love their bagels!
They are so fresh and yummy.
Great breakfast sandwiches and bagels!!!
I really love the Arizona one.
Plus they give you an extra bagel if you order a dozen.
Great location and across the road is a really great gelato place too!

Fantastic place, good food, good service, good drinks.
Haven't had the coffee but the chai is exceptional.
I'm not religious but I don't mind that they're a Christian business that plays not that bad of Christian music.
Only thing I would change is that the decor needs an update.

I really do love this place, and I come here about once a week because the bagels are just awesome!
But I always leave frustrated.
As a worker who also works in food service, I understand and appreciate how much tips go a long way.
EVERY SINGLE TIME I step into this place I put $1 maybe $2 in the jar, they never say thank you.
I'm giving you my money willingly, the least you could do is smile at me and show some appreciation.... Again, I love the bagels, 5 stars---customer service-2 stars.
Hope the owner improves their employees attitudes.

Great bagels!
Love going first thing in morning.
The have some amazing breakfast sandwiches too.
The help is polite and helpful.
The place is quaint and quiet and not over priced.
Parking is good.
But it is kinda hard to find and you need to look hard to notice it.
I love it though

Pretty good bagels.
Stopped in to get a few bagels last week and enjoyed the bagels.
Was surprised at the prices however.
For a location such as this, should be much cheaper.
Those were prices I'd pay at an airport.

Not very impressed at all.
Gone there twice this past week.
Should not of given them a second chance.
Got the dozen bagel deal the first time and more than half the bagels were hard, thinking that the bagels were more than day old.
The next time we went for bagel breakfast sandwiches.
Got 3 az classics.
If it weren't for being hungry and not wanting to waste the sandwiches we would of thrown them away after the first bite.
The eggs are literally mush in your mouth, thinking that they use powder eggs.
The sandwiches had a lack of flavor.
Will not being going back or recommending it to anyone.

