If I could give this place negatives stars I would.
The services they provide are pathetic.
I've went her MANY times because it is closely located to my home.
It has failed to impress me on each occasion.
The multiple times I've had my eye brows done I was left looking like a clown.
Don't get me wrong she did a wonderful job shaping them just how I grow them however I'm not sure what she did with the wax.
I was sore for days.
Speaking of pain, the time I had my acrylics done.
The false nails were placed inappropriately making 3 of my nails face a different direction.
When having them removed....SHE RIPPED THEM OFF.
Im not kidding!
She put another fake nail under to lift them up slightly, then ripped them off.
After the third one, I asked her to stop.
It started bleeding because she ripped my real nails off.
Then she poured alcohol straight on them to sterilize it.
I was SO angry!
She could have given me a warning.
From there she had to super glue my real nail to my skin so it would stay down.
Just pathetic right?
Now that Ive discovered threading, I will never have my eyebrows waxed again.
And as far as nails...I will be doing my own until I find a salon that meets my expectations!

I have been to this salon on many different occasions and has been very satisfied with the services.
The owners are very friendly and professional.
I had my eye browns waxed as well and there were very little redness and it went away after an hour or so.
She did a great job and i was very happy with tje result.
I'm a regular here and would recommend this place to all my friends.

i have been getting pedicures regularly for the past 4 years.
i decided to try this shop as i was not "feeling the love" at the regular shop i had been visiting for the past 4 years.
i had an appointment and  arrived about 10 minutes early the day of my appointment.
this would be the second time i was visiting this particular shop.
after a very short wait i was seated in one of the pedicure chairs.
the man asked me if the water temperature was okay.
so far, so good.
i settled into the chair and was looking forward to a bit of pampering.. it was my intention to get the "full works" $45 pedicure.
instead, the man proceeded to do a basic pedicure.
when he reached the point in the pedicure where a simple pedicure would be ending with a coat of polish, or the extra services for the full works pedicure (lower leg and foot scrub, extended leg massage, parafin wax to the feet, etc) should be starting, he asked me if i had picked my nail polish color.
when i told him it was the full works pedicure i came for, he said something to me in his native tongue and then again asked me in english if i had picked out my nail polish color.
obviously he had already decided which pedicure i was going to get, whether it was my choice or not.
when the basic pedicure was finished, i was waiting at the counter to pay.
although he was not busy with any other customer, he did not come to the counter to meet me.
after a few minutes one of the girls who works there came up to the counter.
i asked her if i could speak to the owner.
she told me that THE MAN WHO HAD GIVEN ME THE PEDICURE WAS THE OWNER.
needless to say, i was shocked.
i told her that he provided me with very poor customer service.
and i am sure what he said to me in his native tongue was not a compliment.
all he would have needed to do to make me a happy  customer was to provide me with the services i came there to receive.
the girl  at the counter then asked me if i wanted to add a tip amount on to the pedicure total.
REALLY?
WAS SHE KIDDING?
i am normally a generous tipper and usually tip $10 for a full works pedicure.
not only would i not tip this arrogant, disrespectful person, but I WOULD NEVER RETURN TO THIS SHOP AGAIN.
THE OWNERS HERE HAVE ALOT TO LEARN ABOUT RUNNING A BUSINESS.................as to the other reviewer who commented she would award a negative star rating if she could, i am in total agreement.

I have been coming here for years and it is my favorite place to go.
Even when I was no longer living in Mesa I would drive here to get my nails done.
They always do a wonderful job and I have never had one bad experience in the 6 plus years I have been a customer.
My mother, grandmother, and several friends are also loyal customers and I am sure they feel the same.
They also are the best price in the area.
Thank You Mike and Bailey!

I've definitely found my new favorite nail place!
I was referred here by a friend and I was super impressed by the great service and cleanliness.
My mom and I went in without an appointment on a Friday afternoon and were taken care of immediately although it got very busy shortly after we were seated.
We each got a pedicure & gel manicure which lasted perfectly for a full 2 weeks.
Great color selection, wonderful service and fair prices...
I will be back without a doubt!
This place deserves better than it's 1 star review

BEST, most painless facial wax I've ever had!!!!
AMAZING!
Even a mini facial massage afterward.
And only $10!!!!
Completely blown away by this place!
"Bailey" did the fantastic work.

