This place is great.
James provides GREAT Customer Service and Alterations.
The few customers can stopped by  he knew exactly what item they were picking up.
James is very personable.
You can't find these type of Customer Service nowadays.
My Husband dropped his Tuxedo and it looked great after a week and it was completed.
The pricing is very reasonable.
I was expecting it to be double to what the price was.
We will definitely continue our business here.

Saved the day!
I needed an engagement party dress altered with just two days to spare and James made it happen!
They were extremely friendly and reasonably priced.
Docked a star for the messy and unorganized office.

I just called to ask for an estimate of price and had the poorest customer service in my life.
Even if you don't know exactly what needs to be done you can explain the differences in cost over the phone.
James was extremely rude and kept cutting me off before I could finish a sentence!!!!
I have never in my life been treated that way by an establishment over the phone.
At no point did I raise my voice or ask anything inappropriate.
James himself got flustered and hung up the phone.
A man like that who claims to give excellent customer service should not be in business.
I come from the service industry and definitely know what it means to respect your customers.
I would never ever in my entire life talk to someone like that.
By the way, called many other alterations shops and they were all happy and willing to give me an idea of the cost.
Please do not go here.
Ever.
It may be more affordable but you get what you pay for.

This shop is rather old school, but a great place for "men" to find suits and other related business ware.
While James does provide basic tailoring, I think the real value of this establishment is to get high quality suits at a reasonable price.
Keep in mind, it's not Jos A.
Bank.
As a small shop, James can't compete with the low prices and full inventory that major establishments provide.
Instead, look to James for much better quality merchandise and truly expert advice on business suits and jackets.

