Not much around this area so my options were limited.
I asked what was best and ended up with a carne asada burrito.
The tortilla was homemade and delicious as well as the salsas (although lacking much heat).
The beef was of low quality.
I think people come here for the price based on the area, prices of food, and quality.
I would come back but try a different type of burrito.
Nice people and typical hole in the wall Mexican restaurant atmosphere.

Just ok.
Nothing to go out of your way for.
I had the chicken combo plate.
I was hoping to find the so called "hole in the wall" that is an undiscovered gem, but nothing but average.

I do understand other reviewers that they don't have much of a menu, I have to say that their Supreme Quesadilla is good!
I also recommend their chicken rolled tacos, they are flour, crispy and come with guacamole, for the price you pay , come on people... this is no steak house!
So on average I would say MUCH BETTER than Filiberto's across the way!.

Really good shrimp burritos and fish ones werent to bad either.
Fairly friendly place.

we had breakfast there yesterday huevos rancheros for me ham and egg burrito for the wife nothing great senior taco out rocks this place  50-1 on the breakfast front

I've been going here since 2005 and it hasn't changed a bit!
The staff is friendly, but seem kind of shy.
The food is always great and for the price, can't beat that.
So much better than Filberto's.
And it's super clean.
Thanks for such a great little Mexican joint!
The only request I have is you should add Al Pastor to your menu :)

Not vegetarian friendly.
They will not deviate from their menu to make the simple substitutions required to make vegetarian options.
They are over priced.
My bf says their meat stuff is tasty.
Store never looks very clean and employees don't go out of their way to be friendly or helpful.

The chorizo and eggs are amazing.
Asada street tacos are priced right at $1 each, the meat is tender, and taste great.
The food is also authentic.

This is my favorite mexican place ever (even beats out my dad's taco truck).
My personal favorite is a Carne Asada Burrito with a churro for dessert.
But honestly everything is fanstastic!
I have been coming here for my entire life and I hope to never stop!

