I needed to rent a suit for a wedding on a last minute basis, and thought I'd try a local place.
Two stars because the sales representative gave her best shot on short notice during a busy weekend.
She did do a little bit of alteration on the length of the slacks on the spot.
However, the suit really didn't fit, especially the jacket.
I'd have rather her not given me anything than give me something that didn't fit correctly.
She charged quite a bit too, especially for a suit that was too big.
Her demeanor changed drastically when there were other guests in the store; she seemed much more friendly and accommodating while other potential customers were in earshot.
But when we were alone and I showed her my WA driver's license as ID for my credit card transaction, she seemed really disappointed that we were from out of state.
Believe it or not, some people travel, and they may end up in your store to rent a suit.
She kind of insinuated that I may "run off" with the suit, since I'm not from "around here".
So people with AZ licenses never commit crime?
Would I really run off with a suit when it doesn't even fit correctly?
Next time I'd rather go to Nordstrom Rack or Macy's and simply buy a suit for the same money, and I will know it will fit me better because those stores have better inventory.
If Nordy's doesn't have the size, they're not afraid to tell me they don't have it in stock, rather than selling me something that doesn't fit.
That's called good customer service.
I love to support the local stores, but not when I get treated like this.

I had a WAY different experience than the previous reviewer, and I have to wonder if he price checked how much it costs to rent a suit in the first place.
$125 dollars is cheaper than everywhere I checked, and I was looking for suits for my wedding.
Marlene is absolutely amazing, and so sweet.
She really helped pull everything together, up to and including exchanging phone calls to make sure everything was going smoothly and that everything fit right, since I live an hour away from the shop.
She even sent several vests home with me so I could check the fit on my barrel chested husband!
She has a huge- and I mean HUGE- selection of vests, ties, pocket squares etc in every color and pattern and size you can possibly imagine.
When they didn't have the right colors for the bow-ties for the groomsmen, she CALLED UP a friends shop to see if they had them, and had the other shop hold the bow-ties for me.
She was a dream and I couldn't have done it without her!

My boyfriend needed a suit or tux for a New Year's Eve event we are going to.
To rent at other places was over $100 but Marlene wad phenomenal!
Not only did she help him work within our small budget but instead of renting we ended up buying for just a good a price.
We highly recommend The Tuxedo Lady.
Thank you Marlene!

