Again, I'm taking a trip back home to California and my car always needs to have something done.
This time, tires.
I asked some of my friends and one of them recommended East Valley Tire.
So I went out there and found what looked like and old gas station with tires stacked out front and the  guys changing tires in the stalls where the gas pumps used to be.
I asked the guy who ran the place (I'm sorry I didn't ask what his name was) if they had my size tire in stock.
He took me into their stock room and showed me what they had.
They had new and slightly used tires.
He told me the used tires came off of cars that had put new rims and different size tires on.
I picked out 2 and awaited what my total would be.
$100 for both out the door with mounting and balancing!
I almost had to ask again before my brain whispered to me "Say yes, it's a deal".
They had me pull my car up into one of the spots and the tire mechanic went right to work on it.
20 minutes later, he comes up and says 'Dude, your all set".
Huh?
Really?
After a walk around the car to check out the new tires, I'm off!
I know the place looks a little rough around the edges, but if you want a good deal on tires check out East Valley Tire.

Great.
Fast service

My Visit to East Valley Tire was a Surprisingly Excellent Experience!
Honestly, I can't say enough about this place!
I was there in October and it's now, what?
February & I still feel compelled to share my experience!
Everyone there treated me with respect, and, more importantly (to me anyway) I didn't feel like they were talking down to me or trying to rip me off because I was a woman.
As I sat and waited for them to replace the 3 tires on my husband's loaded work van, I had the opportunity to be a fly on the wall, if you will, and observe how other customers were treated.
Every customer was afforded the same respect and seemingly (at least) competitive prices that I had noticed as being the exact opposite of what I expected to find there.
I only wished that I had more friends and family to refer to them, because I'm all about positive reinforcement.
This is an operation that is absolutely delivering excellent customer service & the prices are reasonable, as well!
Two thumbs + Two pinkies UP for EAST VALLEY TIRE!
Heck Yeah!
from Lynda @ AIR FORCE ONE AIR CONDITIONING, your biggest fan!

Great service!
Friendly staff!
Don't be fooled by the exterior because these guys are the best!
My wife and I have been here whenever we have needed a tire and they never disappoint us with service and products.
When you go to a tire shop for a used tire you don't expect any warranty but here you get one!
They have apparently been in business for many years and there's no doubt why.
Recently we were going to go out of town and we got a flat just before leaving.
We came here and we were on the road and out of town in no time.
These guys are great!
I loved how the first time we came to check it out there were very high end vehicles getting tires too which really stood out to me as a place that would be reliable and they are.
Need a tire?
This is the place!

Don't judge a book by its cover!
Phenomenal service (quick, friendly & reliable) and prices.
I'm grateful to have found East Valley Tires.

I love this place.
Doesn't look like much but they get the job done an really care about your wallet and car.
I love the honesty too.
Like everyone else said, don't judge a book by its cover!

Just moved here from Florida and had cut one of my tires.
A guy at work said to go to East Valley Tire.
They were so nice, so fast, and had one used tire, the same size and the same brand as the one I had cut the sidewall on.
$ 40.00 and it looked better than the other three on my van.
They checked all my tires, checked my spare, and I was done in 25 minutes.
Amazing service.

This is the best used tire place in the east valley.
They are trustworthy and will fill your tires for free.
They've never given me a bad tire and their prices are fair with great customer service.
If you checkin at the location they will rotate your tires for free and fill them up!

Why can't I rate more stars love this shop all the guys are great and fast.
They know what there doing I always am in there with the green subaru Wagon just got 4 tires today for a great price and me and my son Love toyo there guard dog

i went in needing a couple used tires  when i got there they found me a couple at a  really nice price as i was waiting they came back and told me one cracked as they mounted it  i thought here we go !
upsell time but to my surprise they offered me the higher priced tire for the same price as the original quote  then it happened again ...lol second tire cracked so they grabbed another higher cost tire and mounted it for the original quote!!
it was quick friendly and professional  will return

This is hands down the best tire place!
You can't beat the price and the guys that work here are honest!
This is a used tire place so you do pay a fraction of the price at those "other" tire places.
I would come back here over and over again.
Thanks East Valley Tire!

Fast service at a great price the only place to go to if you don't want it to take all day getting new tires.
I have come here several times for repairs replacement and have never been disappointed.
They are honest and treat you good so you want to come back.

