= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =  Oh, happiness is a new buffet, especially when it's THIS great little place!
Yes, shame on you Kyle H., & it's the 4 & 5-Star filtered out Yelps that have it right for this one!
Robyn N. & I enjoyed the buffet lunch here today, & some of my observations were...  *  Fairly small place with some style to it, comfortable booths, no snarky TVs or anything else unpleasant.
Nice & clean inside, & everything right in the bathroom.
*  Only 18 food items... they'd better be good!
:-O  *  Lovely lady running the place just stayed right on top of everything, both the food & the service,  just right.
(We learned that she has been here running this place here for 22 years!).
*  Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!
Off to a great start!
:-))  *  Everything was properly labeled with little signs sitting on the top of the hot table.
*  5-Star Lemon Chicken.
Straight up the best I've ever had!!
*  Chicken Chop Suey!!
Of over 100 Chinese Buffets in the Valley, this makes only about FOUR that have Chop Suey, & I happen to like it thank you!
(Of course it was good!
)  *  Lunch Buffet only $5.55!
There wasn't any salad or fruit, & the soft ice cream was runny, pulling this place down to...  A HIGH 4 STARS!
:-))

We are fans of this little local place - but we are not fans of buffets (just our own personal preference).
We order off the menu and usually take it to go and we have never been disappointed.
I get the Buddhist Delight vegetables that comes with rice, their pork fried rice (which has always been very good) and a large wonton soup.
The food is so hot that even when we get it home we still have to let it sit for a few minutes!
I love that.
NIce lady that takes our order and keeps things running.
We eat here whenever we are back in Mesa.

This restaurant got the one star for friendliness but holy cow the food deserved less than a star.
I read all the previous Yelp reviews and thought "ok, so one guy had a bad experience" that happens.
But Kyle H. had it right ~ it was awful.
My husband and I have spent some considerable time in the Asian countries so we know good Chinese food.
However we also understand that we get the Americanized version here and so we go into it with low expectations.
We haven't found a good (lot less great) Chinese restaurant here in the valley and after eating at Tao Yuan's restaurant the search will continue.
I ordered take out and it was a little bit of a hassle that the restaurant didn't have a website so we could see their menu and call in our order but I figured I'd just suck it up and wait the first time and then get a menu for the next time (little did I know at the time that I would throw away the menu with the food later).
I ordered Kung Pao Chicken.
It was flavorless and mushy.
The meat was slimy and tasted like it might have been out of a can with no distinguishable difference between the white and dark meat - assuming there was actually white meat in here somewhere.
My husband ordered Shrimp Low Mein and the noodles were overcooked and the dish was fairly bland.
I also ordered Vegetable Fried Rice hoping I could have it for lunch the next day.
When I couldn't eat the Kung Pao Chicken I started eating the rice only to find it overcooked and mushy.
How can you possibly screw up rice for goodness sake?
It was inedible.
And to finish it all off I had a Spring Role that after taking one bite I spit it into my napkin.
We took the whole dinner and threw it in the trash.
See what I'm saying?
If you spend your hard earned money to buy food it shouldn't be in your napkin and in your garbage can.
This is a disastrous eating establishment.
Think twice before eating here.

A little hole in the wall, yes.
I finally stopped here one night after work because I did not feel like cooking and it is located very close to home.
The restaurant is nothing to look at but the food is delicious, the service is good and the prices are reasonable.
We have returned many times and have never been disappointed.
I have ordered teriyaki chicken, chop suey, chow mein, and various other dishes.
All were good.

This place has been in the same location for 24 years with original owners.
That tells you something, doesn't it?
It is a hole in the wall but more often than not, its those places that has the best food.
Not to mention amazing price.
You will most likely be greeted and served by a middle age woman - she's the owner.
She is great!
She'll remember you even after one visit.
As you eat and watch people come and go, you realize she remembers most of them, even snowbirds.
A tasty restaurant that makes you feel welcome?
Yes, please!
The buffet is fantastic.
It has limited selection but when it's that tasty, it really doesn't matter.
They cook everything in small batches so the food is always fresh.
They never skimp on any ingredients so you get lots of veggies and meat.
The egg rolls - oh my.
I'm not a huge fan of most egg rolls as they tend to be greasy and flavorless but they have one of the best egg rolls in town.
They make their own dough and it is never dripping with grease.
The filling is seasoned and tasty on its own.
We only had a couple of things off the menu that isn't part of the buffet and while the veggie egg foo yung was great, I wasn't too fond of the lemon chicken.
The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because couple of times I went, I had to swap out of silverware for a cleaner one.
But this is definitely in my top 3 choices for Chinese food.
(at least Americanized Chinese)

Great little place!
Owners are super friendly.
Buffet is small but delicious.
Menu looks amazing.
We will be coming here again soon.
Can't beat a $6.55 dinner!!!!
Buffet had steam white rice, fried rice, egg rolls (DELICIOUS!
), lemon chicken, sweet and sour pork, egg drop soup, egg foo yong, chicken chop suey, lo mein, and peppers with beef.
Food was all warm or hot- great!
Also has a pretty extensive menu that is cheap.
Will be eating here again.

I was a little bit scared to eat at this place but I was pleasantly surprised.
I got the chicken egg foo yung and boyfriend got spicy shrimp.
The portions were humongous and it was very delicious.
The Buffett didn't look very appetizing.
I would definitely only order from the dinner menu.
Can't wait to go back.
Food is dirt cheap and so delicious.

I will never return to Tao Yuan ever again, which is a HUGE disappointment.
I've returned many times with family and friends and their food was always delicious and consistent.
However, my last visit couple of weeks ago has me warning others.
My husband and I went for a late lunch and it was the only thing we ate that day.
By 2 a.m., I was hugging the porcelain throne and my husband was in the other bathroom, miserable himself.
We were both hit with food poisoning and suffered for days.
Since it was the only thing we ate, there is no doubt it was the food from Tao Yuan.
This was the first time we both had food poisoning and can't say it was fun.
Since all our other experience was great and the owners are fantastic, I can't rate one star but after that experience, there is no way we will be returning.

BEWARE BEWARE BEWARE!!!!!
Normally I give fairly kind reviews but this place is AWFUL!!!!!!
If you are diet conscious, eat here!
You'll have zero appetite after the first bite.
YUCKY food!!!!!!!!!!
Waitress extremely nice and decent atmosphere but the food truly is inedible!!!!!!!

Tao Yuan aka "Judy's" to my son & I who have been coming here for over 6 years.
The buffet is small but the food is delicious!
We used to frequent the restaurant at least once a week, now that we have moved farther away we try and stop by once a month.
The dumplings that you order off the menu are super yummy!
Great food, low price.. who can complain?!
Thanks Judy!!

This place should really have two reviews, one for eating in and one for take out.
My take out experience is much better, the food is fresh and palatable, but still has a ways to get close to the better Chinese restaurants.
The lunch prices are reasonable for what you get, though, so I still order out regularly.
If you eat in, however, the buffet food is mostly soggy and you will have to search through the trays, plates, and bowls to find clean ones.
This makes me worry about the cleanliness of the kitchen.
Overall, the place has potential, but it currently gives the impression that the owners don't care too much, unfortunately.

