Good fresh and hot fried chicken.
Great new chicken sandwiches Strawberry shortcake should not be missed.

Best one we have found.
This location on AZ Ave in Chandler has a lot of traffic.
It's a good-sized store w/ lots of tables.
Because they seem to have a lot of customers, I think that may be why the chicken is fresh and hot and not shriveled and old.
The biscuits, too, are not overcooked.
They are moist and soft and yummy.
Most of the personnel here aren't that friendly, however.
Only one really friendly, smiley guy.
Just so you know.
Customer service isn't a huge thing here, but at least the chicken and biscuits are fresh and moist.

For a commercially processed meal it's not too bad.
I like their spicy greasy chicken from time to time.
Their new biscuits are pretty delicious as well.
And they're sweet tea hits the spot.
Everything else though just doesn't please the senses nor does the dirty tables.
I would like to give this place three stars because I will eventually eat churches chicken again but for the 45 minutes that me, my buddy & our kids were dining there no one bothered to clean the joint.

I heard from a friend that Church's sells fried okra.
Being from the south, it is an arduous journey finding okra of any kind in Central Arizona (Lee Lee Market carries fresh okra).
So, off we went to Church's.
I tend to eat mostly vegetarian, so I had a huge serving of fried okra (7.5 out of 10), some delicious cole slaw (10 out of 10), some biscuits (10 out of 10), and some corn on the cob (6 out of 10).
My family ate a lot of chicken and they said it was excellent (9 out of 10).
I will say the Dr. Pepper tasted mostly like sugar water (being from Texas, Dr. Pepper has to taste just right) - almost no flavor.
Service was very, very good.
The restaurant was very clean with lots of clean places to sit and eat.
Overall, an excellent choice for an inexpensive meal out.

It has been some time since I had patronage Churches Chicken and now I remember why.
I ordered the chicken strips, fries and a drink.
I ordered a mixture of original chicken and spicy chicken.
Well, to be honest it was all bland, that was the taste I remembered and why I had not been back.
Too bad!

if I could give them a 4.5, I would.
looking at previous reviews, I see a vegetarian eating there??
?and someone talking about the smiling guy.
Look, this is about chicken, that feeling you get when you crave fried chicken, I know it well.
This ain't no K-Fry, it's man chicken...I usually order the leg and thigh special and devour it, box and all!
The crust is delicious, chicken tender, service is fast food at its best.
Suggestion, order the bombers to set the stage for the chicken to go down.
Beware, this chicken is addictive.

Horrible service!!!
I had to WAIT...when there only were two people ahead of me.
Got my food, went home and was shorted 2 items.
I called & the guy said he could give me 2 extra biscuits and a family size okra.
REALLY???
for wasting my time and gasoline.
REALLY???
I did go back the next day and...WAITED & WAITED.
This is the crappiest service ever!
I occasionally enjoy the food but I will definitely check my order before I leave, IF I go back to that location.
These employees have no sense of priority, BIG PERIOD.

I love their chicken, that's why I'll give them a star.
Horrible service.
I waited for about 45 minutes until I was helped in the drive through.
There were only five cars and I had to wait around 20 minutes to finally get my order taken and some girl said, give me a sec and I said that's fine.
20 minutes later again, I waited, there was no cars in front of me.
I was so angry I just drove to their window and finally they took my order.
Can't believe how rude they were.
She didn't even say sorry and that's all I wanted was an apology.
Best believe, I will never be coming back.

