Have to give one star to post, but doesn' deserve that high a rating.
Avoid this dealership for service.
I placed three calls to the service department with no return calls.
Obviously they are not in need of business.
Was completely satisfied with service by Larry Miller Hyundai in Peoria.
Will use that service from now on.

My wife and I went in to Earnhardt Hyundai to test drive a 2013 Elantra.
We liked that there was no pressure to hang around and buy right then.
About a week later, we went back (after driving a couple of similar competitors) and decided to buy.
We actually had a couple of scenarios by which we would either trade my 2007 Santa Fe (which I bought new at Earnhardt Hyundai) or, if the deal was right, we would trade both our cars and buy 2 Elantras.
We did the latter!
They had the car we wanted on the lot and quickly located another one with our specs at their Scottsdale lot and had it brought over right away.
By the time we finished doing all the paperwork and going home to get the title for my Santa Fe, the second car was ready.
They had checked it over and gave it a nice wash. Our salesman, Mike Portugal, was really great!
He was very friendly (the whole staff is) and knowledgeable about his cars.
When the first offer for our trades came in way low, we told him what we thought we should get based on Blue Book and he came back with a very reasonable figure.
By the way, we used our membership at Costco as part of the deal and the pre-negotiated price for the cars was $300 under dealer invoice.
Mike also made sure we got all the rebates that were available.
In addition, we got two $10 gift cards to Best Buy for bringing in a promotional mailer and an iPad Mini for buying a car!
We had done our homework about pricing and had figures already in mind before going in.
We knew what we wanted to pay, both in sales price and per month with financing (including our best case price and outside high end), so I'm sure that helped smooth things out when negotiating.
All in all, my wife and I are super thrilled with our new Elantra GTs!

Ease of buying, the time it took, and the service department are absolutely superior.
I have bought three cars from them in one year.
Definitely who I want to do business with!!!!

Our last new car buying experience in 2007 was a total disaster and for that reason we stayed away from the thought of a new car until now.
But Eddie Nunez and the entire sales staff that we dealt with during our Hyundai Santa Fe purchase were great in making us feel comfortable and confident in our new car purchase.
They gave us a great deal on our trade-in and there was no pressure at any time.
We felt we were being looked at as humans needing a new car...not numbers to boost their sales rating.
Good job!

Before coming to Earnhardt, we had been to 3 or 4 other dealerships, and felt like we were run through the mill.
No need to convince anyone here, that car shopping has got to be one of the top 5 chores no one wants to have to do.
But, luckily, we were referred to Earnhardt by Costco, and went through their auto discount program.
As soon as we arrived and were introduced to Riley O'Conor, I knew this was going to be our best car shopping experience ever.
It was easy, quick, calm, confident, feel good and transparent.
I never felt like we were being lied to, pressured, pitted against.
Riley did an amazing job AND, if I might add...took care of our financing with such ease, I was almost shocked and couldn't believe it!
Riley showed us the exact car that WE wanted to buy, not the one that HE wanted to sell us, and it came with great deals and incentives (Riley also threw in a little extra accessory freebie for us too)  Once we were ready to drive the car off the lot, Riley sat in the car with us and explained everything about the car and its features.
He really took the time to help and be there for us when we needed it.
Highly recommend Earnhardt Avondale Hyundai and ALL the people, that helped us there.
Ask for Riley....you will be happy you did!

This is for the service department.
I needed to get an alignment done after installing new wheels and tires.
I read the reviews here and on Google and decided to give it a shot.
The half off coupon helped as well.
I called and was directed to Sherri.
She is very knowledgeable and professional.
The car was done within the timeframe she provided.
The paperwork stated the car was also washed, vacuumed and the tires shined.
As I was waiting I decided to inquire about a trunk liner.
The staff was very helpful and polite.
Before leaving, I asked Sherri if she knew how to remove the clips that hold the glove box so I can replace the cabin air filter.
She immediately had a tech come out and he was very willing to help me out!
Fast forward a few days, I get a courtesy call from Sherri asking if I had any concerns or questions.
Amazing, as I was pondering calling as I felt the car drifted slightly to the right when not holding the wheel.
She explained it is on purpose to avoid a front collision if one falls asleep at the wheel.
I came to Hyundai from another brand where I was blessed with superlative customer service.
I was worried I would not be able to have a similar experience.
So far, my worries have been put to rest.
This dealership is a 70 miles round trip which I am willing to drive for the service I have received.
Thank you Sherri!

Let's tell it for what it is, this is a major purchase not a grocery run.
My wife and I did a lot of research prior to  going to the dealership.
The car is to be my wife's, she knew what she wanted and didn't want.
The latter making us a difficult customer for our sales rep.
I did expect the usual misdirection as with the standard sales routine.
Instead we were greeted by our contact, Riley who was professional and courteous.
He worked with us on the car we wanted and didn't try to sell us on something else just to make a sale.
When the car with the features and color wasn't on their lot he politely covered all options to locate and complete the sale.
We were also offered a great deal on the same type car with upgraded features that was on the lot without the feeling of a sale being forced on us.
At no time did I feel we were being misled, redirected or pressured.
I felt through the complete process that our sales team was on our side working with us to show us all options and get us what we wanted and not just sell us a car and hustle us out the door.
We were offered other great maintenance options to go with the deal.
I felt this was the most comfortable and honest car purchase that I have made.
Thank you Riley and Gavin.

