I recommend them highly!!
I took my 2 year old daughter for a sleep study and was very impressed.
Our sleep technician was amazing with her, very patient and kind.
The DVD we brought to watch while getting her hooked up got stuck in the TV and they vowed to return it.
We got a call the next day checking on our daughter and saying how sweet she was, they mentioned the DVD.
Several days later, we received the DVD plus a new copy of the Lion King with a nice note.
They are very good at what they do and if they can make a 2 year old feel at ease, they can probably do the same with anyone!

If you need to have a sleep study done this is the place to have it done.
With 5 sleep centers throughout the valley there was a sleep center not far from where we were staying.
The facility is absolutely beautiful.The rooms are like a resort with the staff as nice as can be and very knowledgeable.
My daughter had the best experience here.

Great staff, they make you feel so at home.
Every medical facility should be this nice.
Felt like a nice hotel.
Someone has great taste in decorating.
Thanks for making us feel at home.

I had a sleep study recently and had a great experience with Valley Sleep Center.
It was clean and a nice environment and the employees were helpful.
I received a bill for more than I expected when I got home and when I called, they corrected it to what I was quoted and sent out a corrected statement right away.
I was expecting grief and was pleasantly surprised!
:-)

If you have ever taken your car to a mechanic they give you an estimate.
You are relieved when the actual cost is the same as the estimate, even nicer when it comes out less.
Very rarely happens.
I have found this to be very true also when it comes to specialized medical services and insurance coverage.
So much so that I ask very specific questions like, How much am I paying today?
and How much do I have to pay myself?
and DOES THIS COVER EVERYTHING?
That didn't seem to make a difference after my visit at Valley Sleep Center in Mesa.
I did ask those questions and was told I had $117 out of pocket to pay.
This was for an at home sleep test.
I paid my money took the equipment home and did the test that evening.
I returned the equipment the next day.
I got a call a few days later, the results were in and showed nothing out of the ordinary.
I was a annoyed and relieved.
Relieved because I had told this physician nothing was wrong with me, very glad there wasn't.
And annoyed that I just spent over $100 out of my pocket and almost $900 from my  insurance's FSA money for a piece of equipment... to get the data read when I could have just given my doctor my Fitbit results for that week for free.
Anyway I was glad it was over,  I was prescribed the sleep medication I had gone in for and it was done.
Done until a month later when I received a bill from Valley Sleep Center for an additional $61.71.
Huh?
I called to ask why and the initial person I spoke to said that the person who does billing was not in and I need to call back when she was there.
Ok.
In the meantime I called my insurance carrier and asked them about it.
I explained to the insurance rep that I got an additional bill from the sleep center and was wondering why all of it was not covered.
She went over my file, found the payment and it matched the quote they had given Valley Sleep Center.
She then asked if there may have been an additional procedure that they performed and that may be why they sent a separate bill.
(There was not)  When I finally did get to talk to the person in charge of billing she was pleasant.
She apologized for the bill and said she didn't understand why I was being billed late for it the girl knew about that additional charge when I got the equipment and did not understand why I wasn't billed right there and then for it.
It was clearly part of the known cost of the procedure.
Then she asked when will you be able to pay it?
I said excuse me?
You made a mistake on how much I am supposed to pay and now you want me to pay an additional amount?
I asked for her manager and she explained she is in charge that she IS the manager.
I said ok, well there has to be someone above you I can speak with that will clear this up.
She said only the owner.
I said ok then I need to speak to the owner.
She said she will discuss it with him and then get back to me.
Lol,  getting back to me was me getting another bill 3 weeks later with an additional $20 late charge.
I receive a phone call about a week after that it was the same women asking when they could expect payment.
I told her I wasn't sure and was considering my options.
There was some more discussion but we were pretty much at an impasse.
I was in the middle of working tons of overtime for the holidays and I did not have time to worry about it, I told her I was thinking about putting a complaint in with the AZ state attorney.
Which I did.
She said that she would put the bill aside until they reached a decision so that I wouldn't continue to accrue late charges.
Mind you, every time I spoke with this women she was consistently professional and seemed very upfront.
Remember, She did tell me I SHOULD HAVE BEEN CHARGED THE FULL AMOUNT THAT DAY.
I received the decision and it was that I need to pay the additional amount.
Upon further reading I found the letter enclosed from the president of Valley Sleep Center that she had written to the AZ Attorney General and it stated that "Unfortunately sometimes what the insurance plans quote us and how the claim actually processes are different due to the fact that our services are so specialized.
" Quote.
Well yes, of course.
EVERYONE knows how that works.
That is why I ask so many questions from the get go.
So in my opinion this person was not honest with the AZ Attorney General's office and their investigation.
Over $60?
Before it had even gotten to the point it did I already had an admission that the billing amount was fully known, it was a mistake on their part that it was not added to my bill that day.
But instead of doing the right thing and dropping it, here we are with a long ass crappy review on yelp instead of proper customer service.

