I had a problem with being seated in the restaurant but offered the Happy Hour prices.
Apparently our server did not know the Happy Hour menu and brought us all the items NOT on the HH menu.
I was annoyed that the manager there would not do anything about it but the general manager made up for it by appologizing and giving us gift certificated to make up for the high bill.

Went to this Chili's with a group of people and the waitress that waited on us acted like we were an inconvenience.
Gave her our card right away at the end so we wouldn't have to wait longer to leave and she forgot to run it the next time she came back to "check" on our table.
Finally went to run the check and it took her another 10 minutes to bring back the card.
Probably was taking a smoking break to "punish" us for being a larger group.
We were the only table she had!

So I went to eat here tonight with my hubby and we got the 2 for $20.
He got the chicken crispers with buffalo sauce & I got the chicken fajitas.
Well when the food came I noticed that my chicken looked a little weird.
As I cut into the chicken it didn't cut like normal chicken.
I took a bit & it tasted spongy; the texture and taste were really gross.
So I asked my husband about his chicken & he said it was also weird.
Needless to say we both could not eat it.
Now we have been to this chilies before & we always get some kind of chicken dish and we have never had this problem.
I asked the server if they changed their chicken & she said no.
But something was definitely off.
Here's my tip to you, if you go here do not get anything with chicken breast.
I'm not sure if they changed vendors or what, but the chicken has definitely changed.

The service is great!
They make a special dish for Andrew that they purée.
:-).
Above and beyond!
Thank you!

First time at this Chili's.
Arrived at 7 on a Monday eve.
Place was half full but hostess said it would be a ten minute wait unless we sat in the bar.
We sat in the bar and asked our server about that policy.
She said there were only four servers for the other area (15 tables) but that she was good and could handle this side by herself (12 tables).
Still didn't get it but whatever.
We ordered an App to share: Texas cheese fries.
They were good, with lots of cheese, bacon and green onions.
Came with a ranch-type dip.
My wife got the marguerita chicken and I got baby back ribs with original sauce.
The chicken was good.
It was a big chicken breast, seasoned and covered with pico.
Rice, tortilla strips and corn on the side.
The ribs came with one side, so I got the SW Mac & Cheese, which had poblanos mixed in-tasty touch.
The ribs were a bit dry but not too bad.
Overall it was a fairly good meal.
I give this three stars for management's decision to have four servers cover 15 tables and poor Krystal covering 12 by herself.
She did admirably but really people?
It was unnecessary.

