OK, so this isn't in my neighborhood... but it used to be.
I grew up down the road and spent many a date, night after the football game, and lunch with the girlfriends here.
Wonderful food and even better service.
Has lots of room for groups for special events.
The pasta dishes are all good and I love the antipasta salad.
Try the goat cheese and artichoke pizza for a change.

Hands down best thin crust Chicago style pizza in the state.
I know this is a bold statement but I drive 45 minutes once a month to visit this hidden jewel.
I mainly stick to the pizza  but if you want a change of pace they have pretty good pasta and chicken dishes.
However, if you are a first timer it is imperative that you order pizza because you will be hooked.
Vito is a very nice man and is often seen at the restaurant.
He is proud of his hertitage and brings to the restaurant to create and warm and comfortable atmosphere.
I just updated this to 5 stars because the new location is opening in Scottsdale the end of July or early August 2011.

Yummy food!
Their pizza is good but I also fell in love with their linguine and clams the last time I went.
It can be a bit pricey for a casual weekday dinner but the food is worth it.
The parking can be kind of a pain, if you have a larger vehicle.

This place has some of the best Pizza in Arizona.
Being from back east it's hard to find good pizza here.
This is some of the very best!
Excellent service, great atmosphere.
Highly recommended!

Vito, you have it figured out.
A nice repertoire of Italian faves, an explosion of seating options, fab espresso & extensive wine list, charming waitstaff, & Moretti Rosso.
I adore your sunrise sauce atop your homemade ravioli's and minus the chilled tomatoes in my insalata d'caprese, it was also delicious.
Totally acciented upon this gem while  lost in the desert and on my way back from Superstition Mountain, I landed here.
Mike, was the most well-oiled waiter machine I've ever met.
We came, we ate, we conquered - oh no, actually I guess Vito's conquered us.
Delicious.

Went a few months ago after years of promising the owner I'd visit.
(I really did visit a few times before, Vito, but each time you weren't in!
When I'm invited to visit, I want to greet the host!
)  Honestly, I don't recall much of the pasta dish he'd suggested I try, but I really wasn't feeling like pasta that evening.
The pizzas looked really appetizing, though!
Must round up a group so that we can sample a few!
I was very surprised to see how large this restaurant is.
I thought "Vito's Pizza" would be a small neighborhood joint (like Venezia's Pizzeria in Chandler/Gilbert), so I was taken aback.
Good-sized parking lot.

Being a pizza connoisseur since I was a kid working as a cook in a Pizza Hut and then a small Italian bistro owned by two Italian brothers through college, I've received a lot of compliments on my pies back in the day.
Chicago thin is my favorite and the most important things most chefs screw up on pizza is the crust and the sauce.
Sure, fresh monzy and toppings are important, but a perfect crust and balanced sauce make the pizza.
The one thing that kills me with all these Bianco's and Cibo's bistro's is the lack of love that goes into their pies.
I think they are so confident because the demand is obvious and people are willing to wait they don't care anymore and are just thrown together.
Vito's does the best job I've seen for making the most perfect and tastiest Chicago thin.
They are always loaded evenly with ingredients and not sparing the cheese.
My favorite is sausage and mushroom.
I had friends from Chicago come into town last month and they ranked it better than Gino's East.
I asked Vito once why he doesn't expand and he said he's had hundreds of offers from potential investors but has turned them down because he is afraid if he isn't directly involved in the kitchen his standards would be compromised.

painful review for a painful experience.
I've been here only once, I decided to take the GF out to somewhere very Tuscan/ Traditional/ Vintage Italian with a cute atmosphere.
Through neighborhood talk I had heard about Vito's being a touch pricey but worth every penny for their pasta and more importantly their pizza.
So we went, her being a seasoned Vito's vet.
and myself a first timer , I had high hopes at first seeing a full parking lot and an even more bustling inside, we were immediately seated.. in the corner, in fact from what I could see to be the only corner in the whole place that is void of all attention.
After sitting down for ~15 minutes we were waited on by a nice waitress with a fully plastered smile (insincerity was the dress code I guess), I ordered some small pasta dish, the same for my GF.
Roughly 20 minutes later I was served what appeared to be the most expensive and completely cold ravioli dish to ever make my acquaintance, time passed and passed and the waitress never returned not until it was time to ask about dessert's.
By this point I just wanted to eat something, and to fulfill my promise to her parents of bringing back an Italian dessert; I ordered 2 desserts to go and we jetted out of there.
Of course not before shelling out something like $50.00 AFTER using a gift certificate her parents had entrusted to us.
I had extremely high hopes for Vito's considering the kind words I had been told about it, and I do realize mistakes can and do happen but it will be a cold July here in Arizona before I return to Vito's.

I have been here so many times as family comes in town or friends who love to go here, but I as of recently have thought that it was all ok.
When I was younger, I loved to go to Vito's with the family.
The last few times, it has taken some time to get food out and the food has been ok, I have gotten pasta dishes as well as the pizza.
I have to say that I do enjoy the atmosphere here.

We decided to try vitos the other nite based on reviews and word of mouth so i went to there web site to check out the menu i noticed they delivered and it was 15% off for first delivery....perfect , so i ordered on line with a  delivery time noted as we got close to the delivery time i called to let them know that there was a gate code to get in she said i will call the driver to let him know....perferct, so came the delivery time...plus 10 minutes........plus 10 more minutes.......plus 10 more minutes......so i called back to find out where the order was....she said   oh were sorry we thought it was for pick up....WHAT THE HELL so i can't tell you how the food is BECAUSE WE NEVER GOT ANY.
ended up going else where.
A return phone call from mngt or owner might have been nice.

well after the last disaster with trying to have a pizza delivered we decided to try this place again and picked the pizza up all i can say is the pizza really had no flavor i salted i peppered i chili flaked and those are not dance steps.
I guess we have given this establishment the opportunity to be our neighborhood place but i Know I can make a better pizza at home all though i have added a star to there rating just for actually getting the order right

Perfectly decent Italian food that gets multiple visits due to a general lack of Italian competition in the East Valley.
The pizzas are simple and tasty.
The crust is somewhat distinctive and is more like lavosh than the typical crust that most people have become accustomed to.
The seafood pasta was similar.
Simple and fairly tasty.
While none of our dishes have really exploded with flavor they do make good dishes that merit a return visit.

Well, my experience here was just ok.
I had contacted them because they were a preferred vendor for my wedding venue and I wanted to check them out.
Their food was delicious, reasonably priced and the lady helping us seemed very friendly.
She even offered us samples of the food without us even asking.
She showed me sample menus, pricing for silverware/flatware packages and spent well over an hour with us discussing florists, menu options, seating arrangements and what not.
So why the 3 stars?
She NEVER GOT BACK TO ME about my wedding.
When I tried to call back to speak to her, no one answered the phone....oookkaayyy???
I'm very disappointed because they were the only affordable place on my preferred vendors list.
Hopefully I'll find someone else.

I'm pretty familiar with Vito's...some co-workers and I would pick up lunch a couple times a month here and I've also dined at the restaurant.
The parking area is cramped, but the outside of the restaurant and the patio area is aesthetically pleasing.
Based on my experiences, the food is great, but most (not all!
) of the wait staff leave something to be desired.
My husband and I recently had our date night here and we weren't impressed with our server.
She was super fake friendly with a sickly-sweet smile plastered across her face.
Personally, I don't need a server to be overly friendly...fake or not.
Just being polite, efficient, and being a good communicator earn big points with me.
I've been a server and I know that it can be tough, but she actually did some sort of weird eye-roll when I asked for our dessert to go!
Maybe she had something in her eye or had a seizure?
The Baked Ziti is crazy good and is my go-to dish.
Similarly, the Fried Zucchini is to die for.
I also enjoy the Italian sodas.
I tried the Chicken Cacciatore once and almost vomited.
I much prefer Buca di Beppo's.
My husband said his Chicken Fettucini Alfredo was really bland.
The #1 reason to go here?......the Pumpkin Crunch dessert!
OMG!
It is unbelievably delicious!
My husband had a look of ecstasy on his face while eating it, lol.
That's saying a lot because he can be really picky about his food.
Keep in mind that the Pumpkin Crunch is seasonal, so it's only available for a couple months.

a complete insult to italian cuisine.
the calamari was fairly decent however only served with some trashy ranch dressing.. and that's where the good ends...
The green tea had NO FLAVOR.
The ciabatta bread was COLD.
not room temp.
out of a refrigerator cold!
I ordered a special this evening... pasta with breaded shrimp with their specialty "sunrise" sauce (marinara/alfredo mixed together)...
The sauce tasted like baby food, and the pasta combined with it tasted like water.
The shrimp were a good size but there were only a few, considering the $16.95 price... (also, for this price, soup or salad should be included.
not $2.00 more.
The shrimp were overcooked and  I bit into one and had to spit it out into my napkin... something I NEVER EVER DO regardless of how something tastes..
It had a foul STRONG fishy taste that was just absolutely nauseating.
I alerted the waitress to this and she seemed concerned but offered nothing in compensation.
My family members ordered other non-impressive meals.. the vito's italian sausage sandwiches were also cold, and had      slimy boiled peppers in onions.
My dad's Chicken Picatta looked like it was made with frozen-in-a-bag chicken breasts from the grocery store.. again, absolutely insulting considering the menu price.
Waitress was unpleasant and visibly angry about something going on with her co-workers.
Completely unprofessional.
Let's hope that foul shrimp doesn't come back to haunt me in a few hours!

I was shocked to read the two one-star reviews on this place.
We stopped in here last night for dinner and were both pleasantly surprised.
She got the Fettuccine Alfredo with Chicken, and I tried the special - Orange Roughy stuffed with crab.
Service was excellent, atmosphere was nice and dark, food was well prepared, and the Alfredo sauce was fantastic.

this place is hardcore overpriced.
i would even beg to say the olive garden is tastier and cheaper.
(for the record, i can enjoy the olive garden.
the food quality matches the price)   I have eaten here a few separate occassions and have been 100% disappointed each time.
maybe i have high expectations or something.
especially when each meal is right around $15.
I think their food is worth closer to $8 per meal.
I would probably give it higher stars if the price was right, actually because the food isn't bad at all.
just lacking when you put into account the total of your bill.
like seriously, $15 for fettuccine alfredo?
i don't think so.
it better be flipping bomb pasta and alfredo for that price.
and the chicken?
what in the world is that?
frozen tyson pieces?
it looks like blended up chicken put into the shape of grilled pieces.
vom.
i will say that the service is really friendly and I like the location.
but those two things alone would not convince me to go back.
sorry to say but it's true.

Best margherita pizza I have found so far.
The basil is great, tomatoes are ripe and wonderful and the crust is nice and thin.
I can eat a medium by myself just because i like the taste so much.
if you like pizza and capresse salads you will love this pizza Have to say for pizza it is better than oregano's and I like the atmosphere as you will often see Vito himself lending a hand.
I also like the cesar salad here as they give you anchovies on the side if you like and i happen to like anchovies on mine especially with a good quality sauce like they have here.
Oh the one time i had dessert here it was good too, don't remember what it was because it was a few months back but i remember it was a good end to the meal.
Can't speak on the rest of the menu but for pizza this place is a winner.

I love the margherita pizza here!!
Right amount of sauce, chunks of mozzarella cheese, and big leaves of basil!
Delicious, hot, perfect!!!
They get their bread from the Breadsmith off Power and McDowell.
Its great!!!
They have great wine, pizza, drinks and desserts!
Come check out this adorable place!
There is a wait on the weekends so try and get in early on the weekdays!!
Their cappuccinos are delicious with some decent tiramsu!
Enjoy!!!
To bad they don't deliver!!

My grandfather stands by this place so I was eager to try his favorite pizza place.
We had Vito's meat lovers pizza and it sure was delicious.
I must say that the artichoke & spinach dip appetizer was also very good.
The salad however wasnt impressive.
The lettuce was watery and the house dressing was bland.
Over all we were satisfied and will return for a future visit.

Decided to try their delivery service.
Food was just as good as it was in the restaurant.
We had the buffalo chicken pizza, delicious!
Forget pizza hut, dominoes, and papa johns..... VITOS is where you can get fresh YUMMY pizza delivered to you in the comfort of your home.
Just remember to tip well, its worth it!

I have eaten here several times, both in the dining room and for carry out and I have never had a bad meal or experience here.
I do think it is a little pricey for what you get (a large pizza with a couple ingredients runs about $20), but I don't mind so much because the food has always been very good.
This place is popular during spring training and always crowded - bring in a Cubs ticket stub and they offer a free appetizer plate with garlic bread, cheese sticks and something else I forget.
It's also popular among the senior crowd (my parents LOVE it here) and we always go early before the dinner rush.
Tonight was the first time I've had the pizza and I can't believe it took me so long.
YUM!
I haven't eaten much pizza since I've been here, but this is easily the best I've had so far.
I had an email coupon for buy one pizza get one free, so my Mom and her husband I went for dinner tonight.
We had a margherita pizza that was a good balance of cheese and sauce, I wish there were more fresh basil on top though.
Add a little crushed red pepper and my mouth was happy!
The other pizza we had was black olive, 1/2 sausage and 1/2 pepperoni.
Not bad, my Mom and her husband loved it, but I thought the margherita was much better.
I'm also a fan of their sunrise sauce, an alfredo sauce with a light touch of tomato.
It does get loud in the restaurant, this isn't the place for a quiet dinner.
They have an enclosed outside seating area but it looks right onto the parking lot.
I just noticed tonight that they now have a drive thru for carry-out orders, so that is very convenient because the parking lot gets full early.

Excellent meal, great environment.
Will definately be going back.

Food is always very good.
Cannot go wrong with their pizzas and usually they have a special pizza which has never failed either.
Great pasta dishes, as well as sandwiches & soups.
Service is hit and miss.
I eat lunch here often and sometimes my waitress seems to forget about me and other times she is very attentive to my 1 hour time frame.
The atmosphere is okay, It can be very loud during lunch and parts of the restaurant are dark and secluded.

I recently bought a groupon for Vito's and went last night.
Oh my!!
That place is yummy!!
I'm so happy to have discovered it.
I will be back!!
The artichoke spinach dip appetizer was to die for.
I also had a side salad that was good- nothing special, just a regular side salad.
I also had the thin crust pizza.
So good!
Our server was on top of things and we never waited for anything.
I'm so happy to have found this place.

Usually I am not a big fan of thin crust pizza, but Vitos has the Italian signature of everything into that pizza.
I guess it depends what you order, but we put a little ham, pepperoni, onions, and green bell peppers.
Those particular flavors just blended really well together.
My only complaint is that they did not have house bread to serve.

Pizza is great but this place is overpriced for what it is.

A little pricey for a family dinner, but, oh, so delicious!!

Vito's is pretty good food, not the top on my list but my husband and I will go here for a special occasion from time to time when we cant get in elsewhere and it does the job.

Great food and easy to find location.
Parking is so-so, spots can be pretty tight.
The decor/ambiance is decent.
Pastas are good, Pizza is good, Salads are good.
It's more expensive than, say, Olive Garden...but you get what you pay for.
I would love to eat her more often!

My dining experience at Vito's Italian restaurant was different to say the least.
My friend and i arrived at 7:30 on a Wednesday evening and the dining room was at full capacity, which was to be expected.
We were greeted by the hostess and were told there was about a 20 minute wait.
I asked the hostess if we could sit in the bar area which had four tables that were not being occupied.
There was one person sitting at the bar.
the hostess told us we could go ahead and seat ourselves, which we did.
The bartender, who was also our server looked at us when we say down, then proceeded with her conversation with the customer at the bar.
Ten minutes went by and i had made eye contact with the bartender several times as she still hadn't come over to give us menus.
I'm assuming her conversation was over because then she came to our table, mind you,  it was only three feet from the bar at most and asked if we were ready to order.
To be honest with you, I almost laughed.
Instead I asked if we could see a menu.
She said, "oh yea, let me grab you one".
she brought the menus over and started to walk away.
I said, "excuse me, do you think we could order a drink?".
I ordered a miller lite and an iced tea, and my friend ordered a glass of water.
Five minutes later we had our drinks, again keep in mind the bar is no more than three feet away.
The bartender came over with our drinks and says " are you ready to order?".
My friend then asks her if he could have a crown and coke.
She says "yeah", then walks to the bar and makes the crown and coke.
She leaves it sitting on the bar and proceeds to walk right past us to the dining room area.
She is gone for at least ten minutes.
I can see her in the dining room talking to another employee.
She walks right past us again, goes behind the bar and starts talking to the only customer at the bar, yet again.
At this point I'm a little irritated.
I walk up to the bar and ask her if i could have the crown and coke for my friend, she says, "yeah, sorry" and goes back to her conversation.
Five minutes later she returns and asks what we want to order.
I order the bruchetta as an appetizer and lasagna for my main meal.
My friend orders the chicken parmesan.
The bruchetta arrives and is absolutely amazing.
I like that the restaurant puts feta cheese in the bruchetta and the bread is soft, not hard like I've noticed in other restaurants.
The main course arrives and my lasagna looks mouth watering.
The sauce is sweet and the cheese is just melted to perfection.
I believe it's the best lasagna I've had, other than my mom's, just in case she is reading this!
We finish our meal, in which the bartender never never came over once to ask how it was and we wait for about fifteen minutes before she brings the check.
I hand her my debit card and she brings me the receipt to sign.
I notice the amount I signed for isn't the amount of the bill she brought over to me.
I mention this to her and she realizes she ran my card for someone else's  bill.
Wow, is all I can think at this point.
She corrects the problem and brings me my bill.
All in all, the service was terrible and the food was amazing.
The question is, would I eat at this restaurant again?
The answer is yes.
I would request a different server, and hope for better service.
I would recommend the food to everyone.

Highly recommend eating at Vito's.
I have eaten there several times; always good service; great food.
I am not a pizza eater but enjoy their pizza.
You cannot go wrong going to Vito's for a meal.
Was introduced to Vito's over 20 years ago.

I had a groupon so I took my grandma out for dinner when she got into town.
I ordered a pizza and my grandma got the grilled chicken dinner.
The pizza was ok nothing that blew me away but it wasn't bad either.
My grandma's meal actually was very large in portion size and was good.
I would suggest sticking to the Italian food instead of the pizza but that's just my opinion.
Overall it was a nice restaurant plenty of room inside the staff was very friendly and they had a good wine list.
3.5/5

Ordered fettuccine Alfredo and the sauce was completely separated.
It looked like butter and curdled cheese.
I would not recommend this place.

My boyfriend and I found this place when Groupon posted an awesome deal for this place.
The atmosphere was very nice; sat outside on a beautiful spring day.
The waiter was very attentive.
The food was amazing!
We ordered a salad with fresh strawberries and candied walnuts.
This salad could have been the whole meal!
The strawberries were amazingly sweet and ripe and the greens were so fresh!
We also ordered a supreme pizza that was to die for!
I am definitely going to this place again and will highly recommend it.

I've been going to this place for YEARS!
I miss it so much now that I live in Tucson.
They have great pizza and garlic bread.
My favorite pizza is meatball with tomato (cooked, not added after pizza comes out of the oven).
My mouth is watering just thinking about this pizza.
Mmmmmm.......

Vito's has become one of out favoriate places, in part because they have online ordering and both deliver (around 45 minutes) or a drive-up window (around 20 minutes, for nights when we're REALLY hungry).
We probably order from here once a week, sometimes more.
The food is excellent, consistent and always arrives hot and fresh.
We have only had 2 issues the entire time we've been ordering.
Sometimes one of our pizzas will come out wrong (the info was entered correctly on the website, but it isn't normal to ask for pizza with no sauce so sometimes it comes with sauce.
)  In each case they have made us another pizza and delivered it REALLY quickly at no charge.
The other issue is a recent one that I hope to see fixed soon.
Recently they have started asking for a signature and credit card imprint every time they deliver an online order.
I can understand asking once, but it defeats the purpose of having efficient internet ordering to do it every time.
I understand the need to protect from fraud, but it shouldn't be at the expense of regulars.
We've been told this is getting fixed (and I will edit this review once it does), but in the meantime, only 4 stars for a less than efficient delivery process.

I love Vito's.
The thin-crust personal pizzas are SO good.
They have regular, wheat, or gluten-free crust and a large variety of delicious toppings.
The food perfectly compliments the atmosphere of the lovely, Italian grotto.

We've been here a couple of time.
The first time we went with friends.
I had the eggplant parm.
It was very good.
Not an overly huge portion but it had all the components that made it good, tasty sauce, served hot, fresh grated cheese, etc..
Most recently we ordered pizza to take out last week.
The food is always good and the service is good.
My only complaint is that it seemed a bit pricey for a pizza.
Granted it was a specialty pizza & a large but $28 seems a little high priced to me.
I'll keep an eye out for any specials or coupons and we'll go back when/if we can get a bit of a deal.

Great place to eat Italian.
Mesa needs more Indy restaurants like this.

After years of driving by this place a few times a week, I finally found myself within its doors, late on a Friday night.
I had heard good things about it, and curiosity and opportunity combined to bring me here.
My first impression from looking at the menu: it's expensive.
But it wasn't overly expansive, so I figured they just offer the dishes they do well.
Not a bad thing at all.
The italian cream soda was delicious.
I also started with the clam chowder, which was decent.
For my entree, I ordered the salmon piccata, as I was in the mood for a good light meal.
They assured me that it would not be cooked well done, with a little bit of pink left in the middle...
However, the fish was as cooked and dry as any salmon I've had, and I was basically eating a plate of lightly sauced noodles and bland fish.
I know I wasn't looking for something heavy, but if I'm enjoying the capers more than the actual fish, that means it's too bland.
The ambience is nice though, and it's really nice to have a place in this part of town that is open past 9PM, but all I can say about the food is, "meh.
"  There is better, cheaper Italian food to be had in the Valley.

Vito's is great.
WE have gone there a number of times and have never been disappointed.
We went before I went gluten free and the pasta with sunrise sauce is great.
Now gluten free and they have gluten free pasta and pizza!!
They made me a special order baked gluten free ziti--loaded with cheese and so good!
Salads are great and so is service.
Highly recommend it!

Oh Vito's I have loved you for so many years!
When I was in high school I used to go to Vito's for mushroom soup on Mondays.
To my surprise, they still serve mushroom soup on Mondays and let's just say it's been a few years ; )   I have to be honest that I don't ever eat anything else there, just the mushroom soup.... Maybe I should check it out on a different day of the week next time.

The food was very tasty.
My wife and I started off with the fried Calamari which was perfect.
Then we moved onto the entrees.
I would recommend the seafood lasagna, the scallops and crab was fresh and the sauce was slightly sweet and tasty.
My wife said her chicken tortalini was average.
Overall a good meal.
Prices were less than desired, but a groupon coupon took care of that.

Really good food and the service was great!
The  shrimp and crab cannoli was very delicious.
I would definitely come back.

There isn't a bad thing I can say about Vito's.
It's one of my wife's and I favorite establishment.
Everything is done well and the service is top notch.
I would not hesitate to recommend this place.

Only been once and I had the veal parmigiana and wife had the seafood lasagna.
Wish we had followed the trend of the other diners and ordered pizza.
Veal was mushy and the marinara was way too sweet.
Seafood lasagna didn't sit well with my wife even though she enjoyed it while eating ( you can fill in the blanks here ).
Drinks were sub par at best.
Good service was the only bright spot and the reason for 2 instead of 1 star.

We got take-out from Vito's tonight and I would have to say the food is good.
The food was ready within 20 minutes so they are speedy.
We ordered a large pepperoni pizza, wings, and kids spaghetti.
The pizza was thin crust and very crispy.
Often times we get "thin crust" and it's soft crust which we don't like.
It came loaded with toppings and a good amount of cheese and sauce.
The over all taste is good and acceptable but not spectacular.
We also got the spicy flavored wings.
Don't call them buffalo however as they will tell you they don't have buffalo wings.
Their "spicy" flavor is very close to what a buffalo sauce should be.
They are baked wings, but still crispy.
Not soggy at all.
I really really liked the wings!.
On the spaghetti order, the noodles were a bit dry, but the meat sauce that accompanied it was good.
This was the kid's menu item and it was a huge portion.
If I could give Vito's 3.5 stars I would, so I will have to settle for 3 because I don't think it warrants giving a 4, especially since I couldn't use my groupon for take-out, and because the person on the phone taking my order was very corrective in my usage of wording for buffalo wings (not nice!).
I also felt that $34 for the above 3 items was a tad on the pricey side, especially since I picked up the order myself.
We will try Vito's again but this time dine-in and try different menu items.

My husband and his family have been going to Vito's since he was a kid.
Just recently he decided to take our family here for dinner.
The place is old, but very cute with a lot of character.
We were seated fairly quickly, and the server promptly greeted us and got our drinks quickly.
We had a party of 8, 4 adults and 4 kids.
We ordered the calamari for an appetizer with marinara to dip in.
It was a little greasy, but overall very tender and good.
We eat a lot of calamari when we can get fresh squid, and this was up there.
For dinner we ordered 2 large pizzas and my husband got the seafood lasagna.
The kids got spaghetti and pepperoni pizza.
I was impressed with the kids meals.
The pasta was plentiful and a meatball was in a bowl of sauce on the side.
It was fun for them to mix the sauce into the noodles.
The kids pizza was dinner plate sized and filled up my 10 year old.
Our pizzas were decent sized and ok. With all the hype I have heard about this place for the last 15 years, maybe my expectations were too high.
It was good thin crust pizza, don't get me wrong, but it wasn't "to die for amazing" I like Oregano's about the same as this.
My husband's seafood lasagna was very good.
It had a lot of seafood in it with a tomato cream sauce.
I was disappointed to see that there was no bread basket or anything, but again, it was good and something quite unique.
Overall for my this place was good, but really expensive!
For the price, I was expecting a LOT more in flavor and originality.
Will I go back?
Probably.
But we won't be back often and we will probably go without kids as a $60 plus dinner bill for 2 people seems about what we would pay.

Very authentic and tasty food.
We came on a Wednesday to get the Cream of Mushroom soup; YUM!
They have different soups each day of the week, so if you have a favorite, visit the website to plan your visit.
Warm and delicious bread is served upon your visit with sides of plain and compound butter.
We started with the half/half Fried Zucchini and Fried Mushrooms.
There was a lot of breading on the mushrooms for the size of the mushrooms themselves, but they were still pretty good.
The zucchinis however we both preferred, and would be more interested to try the stuffed mushrooms next time over the fried ones.
A bowl of the cream of mushroom soup was one entree, and I finally decided to go with the simple Grilled Chicken Dinner.
The plate comes with two chicken breasts, pasta with marinara sauce, and a side of seasonal vegetables.
I requested that the vegetables be simply steamed, and the waitress had no problem accommodating my request.
Before placing our order, I asked if they had whole wheat or whole grain pasta available as a substitute on any of their entrees.
The waitress said that although they do not, they do have gluten-free pasta (rice based).
I decided to go with the gluten-free pasta for the pasta on my chicken entree.
Our soup and entree arrived shortly.
The chicken was moist, the vegetables were cooked very well (not crunchy and underdone), and the gluten-free pasta was barely distinguishable over regular penne.
The marinara sauce was delicious; I kept trying to find more at the bottom of my plate to use with my chicken and vegetables!
We couldn't end there.
Italian restaurant plus us equals Tiramisu.
We ordered a slice and were told it is homemade; hooray!
The Tiramisu was plated beautifully with a rose-carved strawberry, a sprig of mint, and a drizzle of chocolate.
Although my taste buds are a little desensitized to the rum and espresso in Tiramisu desserts, it was still very delicious.
Light, creamy, not too sweet, and enough to share with whoever you are having dinner.
This Tiramisu is worth getting again.
Service was a tad slow, but we were sitting out on the patio when there were no other guests outside (it was our choice to sit outside, so the fault is on us).
Service was very friendly though.
We will definitely be back.
There is a ton to try on the menu.
The pizza looked tempting, and among the entrees, the Seafood Lasagna, the Linguini Pescatore, and the Lobster Ravioli all looked mouth watering.

We ordered the berry and candied walnut salad that was wonderful.
Some of the spring mix used was a bit black in parts but the taste of the other ingredients and dressing helped make up for it.
The pizza was very reminiscent of the Midwest and made me think of home.
The cheese was good, a bit heavy on the green peppers but the sausage was very good.
I thought the dough however was bland and seemed overworked.
It was a bit dense, but not like Rosatis cracker like crust, perhaps because it was so bland.
All in all, I wouldn't make a special trip.

Fantastic.
From the service to the food.
Had the pizza which was excellent!
It's thin and cut in squares.
I love the sauce.
I signed up for their email and got a coupon.

My family loves this place so we've been dining here for decades.
Even when I was a kid I knew it was mediocre at best.
After not being forced to dine here for several years I came (with the family of course) on a Sunday afternoon a few weeks ago.
The menu's changed since 1995 but the food and service are still sub par.
We started off with the spinach dip in a "brioche" bread bowl.
First of all, don't insult my intelligence.
I can tell the difference between brioche and a sourdough bread bowl from Safeway.
This appetizer was reminiscent of something I would've brought to a potluck ten years ago.
My sister got the lobster ravioli.
Definitely a two star dish.
The sunrise sauce (creamy tomato sauce) was OK but the ravioli lacked any type of flavor - lobster or otherwise.
My brother got the penne quatro formaggio.
This was actually the best thing on the menu but it was just glorified macaroni and cheese.
Don't try to trick us common Mesa folk with your fancy Italian.
Mom got the spaghetti and meat sauce.
I didn't taste it because once I smelled it I didn't need to.
Ugh.
I got the berry and candied walnut salad.
The spring mix was old and it was nothing special.
I was just going for the least disgusting and calorie laden item on the menu.
Mission accomplished.
Service was unremarkable - drinks were refilled but she was MIA quite a bit.
Eating here reminds me of Thanksgiving.
I know that I'll be with my family and I'll leave full but ultimately unsatisfied.

We live very close to Vito's and usually get take out 5 or 6 times a year.
In the past the meals have been pretty good but I thought over priced.
Well we ordered tonight the chicken piccata and chicken Marsala.
What we got was a plate of what tasted like Kroger brand noodles with two small flat chicken breasts with a few capers or mushrooms.
The sauce didn't have any lemon taste just a faint flour aftertaste.
With that came a wet roll that was ok.
This would of been fine if I was at cicis pizza but we were charged 34.00 for this run of the mill food!!!!
I don't know if they are trying to save money or are hurting in this economy, but skimping on the food just sets off a flurry of negativity and it angers me that I got ripped off trying to pass off that dish as something Italian.
I hope they don't continue this downhill slide for the sake of the employees but I for one will never eat here again.

The pizza is horrible.
Allow me to explain.
My wife and I ordered a pizza to go so this review is merely on the pizza alone, seeing how were not able to experience the dinning in experience.
With that said my wife and I love thin crust pizza and Vito's claim to have the best thin crust we decided to give them a shot.
Long story short, the pizza is nasty and definitely NOT thin crust.
Not even sure what you would call that pizza.
We will not be returning for the pizza.
Considering the other positive reviews we may experience some other food there.

This place just was not very good.
My in-laws suggested it as they'd been there before, we were in the area and needed to get dinner.
It was initially quite promising, as it is in a cute little building that is decorated in a quaint Italian style.
The restaurant itself is HUGE, with a series of different rooms all stuffed to the gills with tables.
There was a long wait (over 20 minutes), which was weird for a random Wednesday evening in the middle of Mesa, but I was hopeful that it meant the food was great!
The night was beautiful, so we sat out on the patio to enjoy the great weather.
The bread served to start was negligible.
The server seemed VERY new to serving and it showed.
She seemed shy and had trouble talking to the table.
I asked a question about the greens in one of the salads and she initially gave me the incorrect answer so I decided to have another item (she came back later to correct it, but we had already ordered so I just stuck with what I had decided on)   Their menu is really basic - pizzas, pasta... that's pretty much it.
There are very few/almost no options that are protein centric - anything with a protein has pasta, sauce, etc.
so if you are trying to eat healthy and don't want one of their (underwhelming) salads, you're really left without options.
We ordered pastas and they were okay but not great - there wasn't a lot of flavor to what we got - Chicken Marsala, Penne Caprese.
The prices seemed pretty high for the quality/flavor of the food.
Oh, and at the end of the meal someone hanging out nearby on the patio lit up a cigarette, which I personally hate and also thought was pretty inconsiderate since our 1.5 year old son was with us.
All in all, I don't really want to ever return.

How sad after all these years they open a second restaurant and let the quality of their food totally tank!!!
We live in mesa and have been going to Vito's for pizza for 17 years !
we are originally from Chicago and this was the best pizza we could find in arizona and after the last 2 visits this month it is clear they have changed the way they make their pizza !
Sad it tasted like a store bought one you throw in the oven I am sorry to say we will never eat at Vito's again...

Ryan the manager invited us back in tonight and Logan took great care of us.
We had the seafood bruschetta it was amazing.
We then had the margarita pizza it tasted like the old Vito's we know and love!
Thank you Logan the server we had was also outstanding tonight!y

Great classic Italian restaurant!
Owners dine there often themselves!
Food is wonderful, and atmosphere is homey and inviting!

I just felt that the calamari was bland.
The roast beef sandwich was too fatty and the au jus was too salty.
Tirimisu was deliscious though.

My parents recommended this restaurant as one they liked.
My wife and I did not enjoy the food or the experience.
The food was just bland and not unique.
I had the Penne Caprese which had penne pasta tossed with grilled chicken, fresh mozzarella, tomato, red onions, fresh garlic and basil, drizzled with balsamic glaze.
Sounds good to me!
It wasn't a bad dish, it just wasn't a good dish.
The two chicken breasts were grilled and flavorless, the balsamic glaze was meh and the mozzarella was probably from a grocery store.
While I probably would have been okay with the normalness of Vito's dishes, the service was lacking as well and those two things combined make me pretty unhappy.
My iced tea was refilled once during service and the ice had completely melted.
I HATE iced tea without ice.
We were sitting on the patio and the server seemed like she probably had tables inside as well and that restaurant is huge on the inside.
Also, the side table on the patio with the refill pitchers and Micros terminal looked like a folding table with a dirty cloth draped over it and lots of stuff stored underneath.
It just wasn't very nice looking and seem like it should be something that was behind the scenes instead of on the patio.
IF I went back to Vito's (which is a big if) I don't think I would sit on the patio again because it's my least favorite type of patio setting.
The patio is basically in the parking lot and has a lot of cars that drive past it.
I really don't need exhaust with my bland chicken; it doesn't make it better.
I think Vito's has it's core demographic and is successful because of their return business, I'm just not that demographic and will probably go to Olive Garden the next time I'm looking for Italian.
Sorry Vito's; I just wasn't impressed... but I wanted to like you.

AMAZING Calamari.
THis place makes some great soup and I just love the pizza sausage and sauce on the pizza.
I would like to see the crust changed....I would like it more like a Chicago thin crust.
Overall, we liked this place a lot and the lunch prices were great.

If all you want is pizza, this is the place.
I like the buffalo chicken pizza best and the rest of them are good too The pizza rolls aren't too shabby either.
I also love the ease of the drive through and that I can place an order on my way home from work and not have to get out of my car.
That being said, the rest of the menu is way overpriced for the quality.
The Italian Beef sandwich was pretty weak.
It tasted like a frozen beef  that was reheated with a ridiculous amount of mozzarella cheese on it.
I expected better.
The same can be said of the meatball sandwich.
And the marinara sauce is way too sweet for my liking.

We ordered for pick up, as my wife was feeling tired and not feeling like going out.
I ordered the linguini pescatore and it was great, I forgot what she ordered but I remember she was very happy as well.
We also ordered the cannoli for dessert and it was very good.
Overall the order was taken correctly, the food was ready when I got there.
I cannot speak for the dinning room experience other than it looked very nice, I will review that next time.

Terrible pizza, tasted like it was from a box.
Bread tasted like it was from a bag.
Gave it a try twice, will not come back.

all of the food at vitos is tastless, really does not have much taste at all.
so if you have blah taste buds this is the place for you.it is also over priced

Fun , romantic, and great place to go out on a date.
Has been in my neighborhood for as long as I can remember .
The pizza is my favorite !
The deluxe pizza is a perfect fit for a supreme pizza .
My family also loves the chicken arriabata, rigatoni ala vito, and the meatball sandwhich .
Make sure you save room for dessert!
Their chocolate lava cake oozes with hot fudge and comes with ice cream!
Or they have canolis (an Italian dessert) with one end dipped in pistachios and the other end in chocolate chips!
Phenomenal!
Also, the cheesecake is light and fluffy with a graham cracker crust that melts in your mouth!
I normally top my cheesecake with fresh slice strawberries or blueberries .
Lastly, the seasonal dessert right now is a pumpkin crunch.
It is the perfect amount of pumpkin with a rich graham cracker crust!
Love it!
Vito's is a place to bring family and friends to be treated like family .
Enjoy!

As part of our ongoing search for good calamari and toasted ravioli, my husband and I decided to try Vito's.
I thought the calamari was delicious, but toasted ravioli was not as memorable.
As for the entrees, we tried the seafood lasagna and chicken marsala.
The lasagna was stuffed with seafood (which was good), but the presentation was sloppy.
The whole thing was swimming with so much sauce that the lasagna was completely hidden.
The chicken marsala was standard and nothing special.
Our server was a little inattentive, but if the food were better, that would not stop us from coming back.
Based on what we sampled, I would come back for the calamari, but that's about it.

This was a total disappointment, not to mention down right gross!!
I ordered Seafood Au Gratin and it is described on the menu as "fresh seafood sauteed .
" so I specifically asked what kind of seafood and was told,"crab, scallops and shrimp.
" That sounded great so I ordered it.
OMG, what was set in front of me was something out of a bad movie!
It was a pasta bowl with bow tie pasta with a pale, yellow/cream colored, red speckled sauce.
It was very unappetizing.
One bite told me that it was not fresh, real crab but imitation.
The red pieces in the sauce were the imitation crab.
I still can't believe that I even took one bite.
I asked the waiter if there was imitation crab in it and he replied, "Yes, but there is also real crab.
" The red pieces looked like pink slime.
So disgusting!
Never, ever again!

Extremely slow service, if you order pizza it is quick, otherwise slow.
Quality has really dropped.

Shannon was the best waitress ever!
Fun place, fun times, and amazing food!
We will be going back many more times!

$40 dollars for Sauce, Dough, Cheese, and Sausage?
Give me a break.
My wife and I go out often.
This was the worst service I have received in years.
Over priced hole in the wall pizza joint.
We heard good things, we were not sure what people see in this place.
Not for us.

We haven't been here for years and now I remember why.
The food is mediocre at best.
Though service was exemplary and I have to give them that.
The pasta was bland and the meat sauce - also bland.
I did have a good salad, but then I find that hard to mess up.
We also tried the fried asparagus appetizer and it was interesting.
I do love asparagus, but whatever vinegary sauce they used, it killed the taste of the asparagus itself.
My tablemates had the meat-lovers pizza and said it was pretty good.
Hence the 2-stars and not a 1-star from me.
Again, service was very good.
But I won't be back.
Sorry.

I have been eating at Vito's for years and years.
When I was 12 I "apprenticed" for the artists who painted the wall murals throughout the restaurant.
I wish someone would revamp the menu a bit.
The bread basket (with herb butter) is really good, the meatballs are good (though I don't eat a lot of meat) the pizza is INCREDIBLE, but everything else needs some work.
Don't eat the salmon...
Always tastes somewhat fishy.
Great service, nice little family place.

The apple-fig brie appetizer was very very good.
The meat pizza (sausage, pepperoni, meatball) on the other hand was very blah I actually had to salt it.
The crust had no flavor.
If you do not like fennel then don't order the sausage.
We will go back to try the pasta but never order pizza again.

I was here for a weekend trip.
My boss recommended Vito's pizza, it is well known locally.
We were here around 3pm, still a few tables eating.
Service was good.
We ordered salad and a medium pizza to share.
Mango Shrimp Salad - 3 pieces seasoned jumbo shrimp, shrimp was flavorful and fresh, loved the tangy fresh mangoes.
Deluxe Pizza Medium $21.50 - pepperoni, sausage, olives, mushrooms, bell peppers and onions .... pizza were a little undercook, a little soggy in the center.
For the price of the pizza, I would expect the pizza to cook right.

I have been going here  since we moved a mile away almost two years ago.
The food is excellent!!!
Even the take out and delivery are great!!!!
From the pizza to the pasta you will not be disappointed.
They also have gluten free menu.

We have lived in the area for many years and often drive right by this place.
We never stopped by to try it out until one day my family invited us to go out to lunch and picked this place.
We figured we would give it a shot.
We ordered a couple of pizzas and had the calamari for an appetizer.
The calamari with spices and dip was very good.
For the pizza, we created our own, by adding pepperoni and artichokes.
The pizza was delicious.
My family had ordered the buffalo chicken and we also tried that one.
It was great.
The service was great and the staff was very attentive.
The meal was not cheap but I also don't think it was overpriced for the quality and portions.
Since our first meal, we have stopped by this place about 4 times and plan to continue going back.
Each of the following experiences was just as enjoyable as the first one.
The only issue we had was that taking home the pizza with certain "wet" ingredients like the artichoke hearts can make the pizza soggy in the fridge.
Taking home the buffalo pizza was not a problem.
I highly recommend this place and only wish we had tried it sooner.

