I love this Home Depot!
Everyone is very friendly!
"Art" pointed us in the direction of a $5 solution for what was looking like a $1,000 problem.
Very helpful, well-stocked and close to my home.

I can grow a beard so obviously I'm going to love Home Depot.
But seriously, this location is really good, the staff is friendly and helpful and they have an excellent tool rental department.
Not all locations do.
Pretty much any industrial power tool you need you can rent either for 4 hours or a day.
Everything seems to stay stocked and prices seem a little better than Lowes on most items.

Bought our appliances from Home depot.
Maytag because of the name.
The side by side refrigerator with the ice in the door is a bad buy.
consider GE instead.
Had to replace the vegie drawer twice within the first two months and now the water and ice maker quit working.
I've had this a little over a year.
The people working there are nice enough.
Just disappointed in the product.

I love this Home Depot!
Not too crowded, and yes I have visited at various hours of the day and week.
Since moving into my new castle, I have been on a rampage remodeling and painting and fixing things to my standard.
Although after spending about 4-5 thousand dollars in 3 weeks, I feel like I should get an award from them.
The place has everything!
At least everything I want....except 1 item that I cant find anywhere except for online....it is a 4 Gang wall plate in BLACK!
Oh yeah, and just about everyone there is friendly....wtf?!?!
My old Home Depot in Fairfax.
VA was full of douche bags compared  these employees.
Then again...most people I have encountered out west are generally pretty nice.
I love AZ!
(and the Home Depot)

Will NEVER deal with Home Depot again.
Got what I thought was a great deal on a dishwasher but actually GETTING it was another matter.
First scheduled delivery, did not get promised call day before with delivery window nor did I get 30 minutes before delivery call.
When I finally called, I was told they didn't have any and I would have to reschedule.
SAME story for second delivery - did not get day before call, and after waiting on delivery day I finally (again) called the store - only to be told it would not be delivered that day.
I finally told them to cancel my entire transaction, canceled my credit card and now have to go find a dishwasher.
Note, HD's story is always that "it's a third party deliverer" - that is not my problem, they represent HD to me and this is my first and last experience with the company.
GO LOCAL!

VERY on the fence with this store now.
Bought my first house 6 months ago (huge project house) the first 30days we replaced literally everything from floors and doors to sinks.
Spends thousands apon thousands of dollars at this store.
Im seriously in this store at least every week with a new project.
But now with 3 bad experiences in a row, I am unsure about going back soon.
My best experience was always at the paint counter, the guys there were always friendly and saw me daily for over a week.
Everywhere else in the store is hit or miss on customer service.
2 or 3 weeks ago I was inquring on wall units, a nice gentleman informed me they did not carry the specific style I wanted, I could special order and it would be there in 4 weeks, or I could go down to the south power store and get them there because they have them in stock there.
Yeah they didn't have them instock either, they are special order there also.
So i waisted alot of time looking for something I wasnt going to find.
Last week I went in with a new yard project.
I asked for help very specifically on PET friendly products, a associate said 'i think they all are'.
I was pretty much in shock, most weed killers are dangerous to dogs/cats.
I told her it was very imprtant to me so i needed to be sure.
She showed me a product she was "100% positive" was safe after 5 minutes.
After she walked away I was about to grab it off the shelf but my husband looked up the product on his phone first.
He went to the actual products website and read the long page of warnings.
In big and bold it said Do NOT let children or animals outside for 24 hours after using product on yard!
I was PISSED!
My dogs could have ended up poisoned because of this associate talking about something she did not know.
I would rather someone be honest and say they didnt know than just give me an answer i wanted.
And then today, I decided I want to re-do my laundry room.
I saw a sale on wall cabinets and called to inquire.
Went through the automatted system, pressed for 'kitchen cabinets' and it rang and rang.
Customer service finally answered, they directed me again, and it rang and rang again.
Customer Service picked up again and VERY RUDELY informed me there was nobody to take my call, she would take my name and number and have someone call me back.
----Exuse me?
there is nobody to take my call?
I was shocked.---- I asked 'dont you guys always have a lot of staff on hand?
' she (still rudely) said 'yes but she is on lunch' I said 'I just have a question about cabinets' she again stated 'BUT THE PERSON IS ON LUNCH, I can get your number and have someone call you back!
' I asked if there was anybody else I could possibly ask a question to.
She said "YES, AND SHES OUT ON A FAMILY EMERGENY," I said "okay then I guess I wont be shopping with you" she asked (STILL rude) "are you going to leave me your name and number?
" ....
I hung up...
Sorry (VERY long story short) You never know what you are going to get with this store, its like some associates are nice and helpful and then others could care less...  Today (since i obviously wasnt going to this store after being treated so rudely on the phone) I went to the MESA RIVERVIEW STORE for my cabinets, ceiling fan, and all my other laundry room makeover needs and they were very nice and helpful.

Been wandering 15 minutes and can't find help...Lowes here I come.
..!...................................
........ ....... ....    ........   ...   ........  ........   ......

Props to Home Depot for coming to our emergency aid at Las Sendas elementary today!!
Our air went out right before the 6th grade grad ceremony and Home Depot came and installed temporary AC units and NO CHARGE so we could enjoy a nice cool event!!
Home Depot on power and MCKellips ROCKS!!

