A truly fantastic dental office; the dentist is a consummate professional.
Kind, courteous and jovial; his procedures are always quick and painless.
The staff is beyond polite and friendly.
The only gripe I have is the office may be a bit pricey depending on what your visit is for.
Otherwise I highly recommend New Health Dental.

My whole family has been seeing Dr. Fritz for a very long time.
The care is the best.
They put you at ease, if you are a wimp like me, making sure you do not experience any pain for any dental work done.
Beware of other companies trying to sell you on dental work you don't need.
Dr. Fritz is the most honest dentist who will never make you feel bad and never, ever require you to get dental work done you don't need.
He is always current and learning new things about the dental industry so you can be sure he is not stuck in 1970 pulling teeth that can be saved.
He cares about each and every one of his customers.
There is no one else I'd refer anyone to.

My husband and I have been seeing Dr. Fritz for nearly 30 years.
His entire staff make you feel like one of the family.
I have recommended many friends and my own clients over the years and every one of them have been extremely happy with the services and the practice of gentile dentistry.

Dr. Fritz is amazing.
I have been a patent for many years.
His staff is great and I always get wonderful service.
I have referred many family and friends and will continue to refer people.
Get your appointment  you will not be sorry!

You guys are so awesome!!
You are accommodating, flexible and our kids actually like going to the dentist!
We are so glad we found you and recommend you often!

I can't say enough great things about Dr. Fritz and his office staff.
Originally recommended to me by a friend, New Health Dental has become the one health provider that I've never given up no matter where I've moved in the Phoenix metro.
Dr. Fritz is an extremely personable, always practical and decidedly competent dentist.
I'm currently beginning orthodontic treatment and I am sure I couldn't be in better hands.
His office staff is a direct reflection of that down-to-earth patient centric approach.
Making every visit a highlight of the day, they have bent over backwards to accommodate my difficult schedule and all with an ever present smile.
I have nothing but the highest confidence in recommending Dr. Fritz and New Health Dental.

