Just like all the other starbucks.

Great experience here.
Came infor the Wifi & a drink.
It was clean and they were friendly.
Offered free samples of new products.
Small seating areas.
There are about 6 tables outside with misters above.
All in all a good Starbucks store!

This is a great Starbucks!
The Manger Leighton is always so friendly.
I used to just go to this bucks while visiting my boyfriend and they would remember my drink and order.
Now that I live here it's as if they know when I am about to walk in the door.
The team is friendly and the place is always clean.
In addition to all this The team knows about current specials and the goings on with Starbucks so that's cool.

I've been a morning regular here for many years and I drink my fair share of coffee.
This is probably the most consistently good and friendly Starbucks I have visited in the valley.
Keep it up, guys!
I don't do a lot of afternoon/evening coffee, so I can't comment too much on that except to say that the place is fairly quiet in the afternoons and the people who work then seem to be just as friendly.

Never thought I would be reviewing a Starbucks, but I had to mention this one.
Went here a few nights ago.
In front of the store the seats were crowded.
I expected a wait inside.
Instead, the service was fast and friendly.
I ordered only a water and a cookie.
The person I went with ordered a coffee and said it was very good.
The next morning, I realized I had left my planner behind.
When I asked about it, I had barely gotten the question out to the barista when she said, "Yes.
"  She promptly went back to get it and this is the main reason this Starbucks gets the great review.
Service.

Not my favorite of the local baristas but it's Starbucks...terribly consistent.

Today was only my second time coming into this particular location and to my surprise and pleasure, Kevin, Starbucks' Barista, recalled my name in greeting me!
These little things speak volumes to me and I will surely not forget it!

Thought I should make use of another buy one get one free coupon for myself & my son.
We chose another location because previously when using the same coupon at a different location for the 1st time we had received a difficult time.
I was leary about using the same type of coupon again but needed an afternoon pick me up.
We went through the drive through and I made sure to mention the coupon, it was like night and day.
Meagan whose smile you could hear through the speaker was a breath of fresh air.
She said "no problem", we got our order quick without any issues.
Meagan was super sweet and even my son commented on how nice she was.
and made it a point to say thank you and goodbye to her.
My son suggested that I should meantion her on Yelp, so here I am.
Meagan thank you, you brightened our day!

Why does everyone like Starbucks?
Its always busy and It's overly priced, overrated coffee.
I only stop by here if I forget to make my blend the night before and if I am going to school/work and I'm too tired to function.
Well I stopped by here around 9 am and the drive thru was super packed (of course) so I went inside.
I looked around, only saw a couple of people so I thought everything was going to be all good.
Well I ordered an iced coffee, nothing too complicated, the guy asked me my name so I told him.
A few minutes later the guy was calling out Sarah a bunch of times and I looked around and I was the only female in there.
I just assumed this Sarah girl had left early.
Well 20 freakin minutes later I still didn't have my coffee so I went up to the front and asked the dude where my coffee was.
He said he was calling my name a bunch of times but I didn't come up to get my coffee.
My name is Callie, like California.
Not Sarah.
I don't know how he managed that to mess up.
When I finally did get my coffee, it tasted like crap.
Circle k has better coffee than this.
I'm going to stick to making my own brew, saves me some more cash anyway.

I LOVE Starbuck's and I LOVE the people at this location HOWEVER, the service is always so incredibly slow.
Last weekend I waited in line (inside) for 28 minutes for my drink and spinach feta wrap.
That is a long time.
A few weeks prior I waited for 35 minutes in the drive thru.
If there were no cars behind me I would have backed out.
BUT....My food and beverages are always good.

I'm such a fan of Starbucks and this is the one closest to my house.
It's terrible.
The wait times are extra long, at least 10 minutes and often 20 or more in the  mornings.
I would also estimate 1 out of every 5 of my drinks have been wrong, usually adding sweetener to an unsweetened order.
I hate to admit, I still go frequently but not if I'm leaving the neighborhood and have another store to choose on my way.
Double check your drinks and budget plenty of time into your stop and you should be ok.
If not, it's a very frustrating location, save your time.

