They offer great prices but unfortunately their service is ridiculously time consuming, they quoted me 45 min, it's been almost an hour and a half and they still haven't gotten to my car

This location is terrible!
We went 3 times for balance issues!
We brought out car for it's first balance/rotation.
Afterwards, 1 lug was missing, 3 air caps, and the balance was terrible!
I had my wife bring it back in a second time, the lug nut was missing, and they still didn't replace the air caps.
The final time around, they stated that "valve caps get stolen all the time" and they actually ended up stretching and stripping our stud and offered to replace.
Strongly do not recommend!
They obviously have very minimal experience.

Great staff great prices as always, Thanks!

No matter how many times I come or which store I get the best customer service.
The know their business and offer options.
Today Garret helped us and he was phenomonal ....my family only uses discount tire for all our tire services

Good honest work.
Will be returning in 40k miles to get new tires!

I am a huge fan of Discount Tire.
Every time I have been there I compared prices with several other tire shops and they are always the cheapest.
To top it off, the staff are always extremely friendly, but not over the top.
The last time I was there it was a hot day (shocking I know!
) and there was free food and drinks sitting outside for those who waited out there.
An employee even came up and asked if I needed anything.
Really great!

I have been to Discount Tire a few more times than I have actually checked in for in the last few weeks, and every time I consider writing my review, my number of stars change with each experience.
I decided to wait until my actual tire purchase and with all experiences combined, I guess I will settle for four stars.
My tires were looking a little low, and after struggling with the air machine at a local gas station I decided to try to get my tires filled at Discount Tire.
A girlfriend told me that it was great, just just pull up into a line, leave your car running, they bring you water, and you're out of there.
She must have gone by a different location.
I went by 5 times (all different days) and there were people parked in the "air check" lanes, or there were tires piled up where it looked like they waved people in.
One time I got out of my car to go in and ask because I was confused but it was so busy that I just left.
A couple days later I came by to get my tires inspected.
Rich was super nice, gave me some prices and filled my tires since I couldn't afford to have them replaced right then.
The next week I called to set up an appointment to buy one tire (even though I needed two).
The guy that answered the phone was nice enough.
Appointment day came.
I knew what I wanted and wasn't going to budge.
The guy changing my tire brought my other one in that needs to be replaced and tried talking me into doing it right then.
I got a little annoyed because he wasn't taking no for an answer and I thought for a second that they might not let me leave.
Another Assistant Manager stepped in and took care of everything.
I left happy.
So, in a nutshell: Confusing "air check".
Good tire purchase experience with fast turn around.
Nice staff but service is inconsistent the majority genuinely want to provide a good customer experience and want to help.

This is the best location to go for all your tire needs!
Brandon is such a sweetheart!
The tire techs are so polite and positive towards each other as well as their customers.
I had the best experience here yesterday morning.
I felt comfortable, and all my worries about being able to trust anyone in the automotive industry again, were put to rest when I arrived here.
They were trustworthy, helpful and absolutely there for the customer's needs.
Thank you guys for the fantastic job you did & for putting my mind at ease!

5 star service!!!
My transaction was handled impeccably, efficiently and courteously by Rich.
They had me in and out of there with 4 new tires, in under 45 minutes.
Thanks guys!

WOW!!!
Today we discovered our vehicle's tire had a screw rammed in it.
My husband removed the tire and took it to a tire store, but was advised it absolutely could NOT be fixed.
He then went to Discount Tire.
They took the tire in the back, and while he waited, not knowing if they could repair it or not, he said their customer service was EXCELLENT with every person that they dealt with.
Then they came out, with our tire.....REPAIRED.....and NO charge...........  THAT IS EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE AND SATISFACTION!!!!!!
GREAT store!!!!!!!

