Smoothies are always good during the hot Summer months.
The staff is friendly.

This place is terrible.
Staff is slow, not familiar with things.
A couple days ago I came in alone, ordered one smoothie.
The woman proceeded to take the order of the large group behind me before starting to make mine, wasted ten minutes there.
Went back today, got a smoothie and flatbread.
Opened flatbread when I got home, took a bite, totally smelled like cigarettes.
In the garbage it went, I guess they don't wash hands or wear gloves.
Won't be back, ick

Very good smoothies.
Also has good, healthy food.
The staff is friendly, but can be a little on the slow side.
Only a little seating inside.

Dunno much about the café but the smoothie part was good sippin'.
I went the entire summer visiting AZ and never got a smoothie, so I dunno how I decided that once I got to winter it would be time for the smoothies to come out.
Or the frozen yogurt (which I had later that same week) but that's my problem not yours.
What you need to know is that they delivered.
I had some sort of mango peach orange concoction and loved it.
Just enough tart to really pucker me up.
I also tried the chocolate peanut butter thing, and that was surprisingly good.
I forget that chocolate can be good in smoothie form, but this was peanut butter, too.
Delightful, indeed, to wrap your lips around the straw and suck up to the decadence.
The two regular drinks came to $10, which is about on par with everyone else.
Not cheap, but totally reasonable.
No complaints.

Beyond disappointed.
I'd give this zero stars if I could.
I now know why these are going out of business.
Food isn't fresh at all.
Especially the salad I received.
There shouldn't be any rotten greens in a salad.
Ever!
More black leaves then green leaves.
Wow this is straight up common sense.
Didn't see anyone being served moldy flatbread but I would put it past this joint.
Won't be back...
EVER!

Came in here to use their internet because Starbucks internet was down.
The girl at the counter was super friendly and her supervisor gave me the internet password willingly and didn't ask if I was buying anything.
I've been here for 2 hours now and just tried the Chicken Pesto flatbread and it was AMAZING!
Also, their smoothies are made with real fruit and not syrup.
Yum.
Totally will come back next time I'm in town.

