Came in here last night and was really impressed by the friendliness and eagerness to help of every employee that we passed while browsing.
I expect to find myself in here often in the coming months as we prepare to tweak/update/upgrade our house, and I'm glad there are friendly employees there to help me.

Everyone here is always helpful.
Sometimes they have an empty spot or just one of something on the shelves.
I understand you can't always have full stock of the thousands of items they carry though.

Normally I get a little frustrated at hardware stores because I often don't even know the name of the thing I'm looking for, so I have to do that awkward "It looks like this and it's shaped like this, and it does this" with hand motions.
Well I did that this time and the person who listened to me was very helpful.
Then a true miracle happened.
I was standing waiting to get a key made.
The person making the keys was helping someone else.
All of the sudden, another employee of the store saw me, asked if I needed help, and then made a key for me.
Bing bam boom.
Done.
Very helpful and friendly store.

Don't get your keys made here - they never work.
3 different times this has happened.
Not a fluke.

Home Depot......Where else can you go to get what you need for those home projects you should have called someone else out to do that could have done it in record breaking time but your too cheap to pay for something so you do it yourself & after evaluating your performance as well as the amount of time it took you to achieve the crazy project you tried to tackle, you realized you should have called a pro!
Now on the flip side of the coin, as a pro, I appreciate your valiant attempts to save money & sometimes thankful you didn't burden me with your desires.
hahahaha!
that was a fun little tangent to go off on.
I gotta say thanks to HD for offering a military discount!

Extremely helpful...I didn't have clue and felt embarrassed but problem solved!

Just your regular Home Depot location.
I was disappointed that we had to ask three people where chain lube might be, only to find out they didn't carry it after going on what seemed like a treasure hunt around the store.
Oh well - would try again for more generic requests.
Clean store.

Let me start this review by saying that this Home Depot has to be one of the worst in the state.
Generally speaking this store has always been messy, disorganized and had at least mediocre customer service.
But my last two visits really exemplified their ability to disservice anyone attempting to make some purchases (at least me anyways).
It began with my first quest to purchase some bathroom tile, liner, mortar - you know, all the goods for a bathroom remodel.
I had used their handy website to make sure everything I wanted was in stock.
Upon arriving to my aisle I noticed the entire section of my tile brand / type was empty!
After walking around that area for about 3-5 minutes I had to flag someone down from another department who could flag someone down from this department.
Total time to speak to someone: about 6 minutes (I can still live with this timeframe).
Unfortunately the person I was speaking to was just "filling in" but could inform me that they DID have the tile I wanted in stock, as the site indicated, but that for some treason no one had restocked it.
Cool?
He then stated he had to find someone, to locate it and bring it down.
I was left alone for about 15 minutes as he "searched" for appropriate people.
Not an exaggeration.
Not an oversight in my time keeping abilities.
But I was left alone for 15 minutes.
At this point - I just walked out and chalked it up to a bad experience.
Today, about a week and a half after my last experience I figured I would give this store a chance for redemption - plus it's really close to me.
As I arrive in the tile area I was shocked to see the exact same products I had come in for last week were still NOT stocked.
Again, I ask (a different) the associate if it's in stock, and again I get the "yes it is, we just have to bring it down" response.
I ask if this can be done but get a "The person working this area that can do it is somewhere else".
Fed up - especially since the store has had the request for this tile, basic white subway tile (for the record), and since both times they tell me it's in stock (and so does the website), I just leave.
On the way out I tell the door greeter that the service is atrocious and he should let his manager know in walking out.
His response?
He chuckled and said "oh, you think so?

