Going to be using the word very a lot to describe this company and the people who have been to my house to exterminate.
-Very nice!
-Very impressed!
-Very professional!
-Very good for being on time!
-Very thorough!

I've been with Truly Nolen for 2 years and don't have a single complaint.
They always send out the same tech (David) and he's always professional and polite.
He also has come to our house on short notice several times.
We've gone with the year round treatment plan and it has paid off just in the emergency services they have rendered for us.
We had an ant infestation and David came that same day, trapped a few of the suckers and took them to their lab for analysis.
He came back the next day and treated for big headed ants.
All of this was free because of our yearly protection plan.
We've also had him come in between treatments because we kept noticing lots of spiders and because we heard what we thought were mice in the attic.
I have high standards and rarely give 5 star ratings for anything but I highly recommend Truly Nolen and anytime I hear people are in the market for a pest control company I always recommend them.

I have been using Truly Nolen for 3 years and have not had anything to complain about.
I had to reschedule an appointment last minute and they were able to accommodate me for the following day.
Very friendly staff on the phone and the technician Richard always arrives on time and answers all my questions thoroughly.

Found a few unwanted guests at our new place and freaked out.
So, we researched pest control companies and went with Truly Nolen.
The receptionist was super friendly on the phone.
Then they sent Mike, the investigator, who was courteous and professional.
Since he found no evidence of an infestation, he found it unnecessary to pay full price.
He called his manager, the negotiator, and cut the price down to a reasonable size.
And he still planned on treating my problem like I paid full-price!
What?
Unheard of.
Later that week, Kim, the terminator, came to the scene and spent an hour spraying and dusting.
She was helpful and professional.
Explained everything she did and will come out again if any unwanted guest shows up unexpectedly.
The service is not too expensive since I didn't pay full price.
But, even so, it is reasonable for what the package offers.
We got the four season package because we loathe bugs of all kinds.
We plan to call often.
Just in case.

