Most people just run to Home Depot when they are getting ready to do home improvements because they cater to the DIYers and don't force you to buy wholesale amounts.
Don't be afraid of the large building suppliers they all have a customer store front that you can go into and pick what you want.
My neighbor got new bedroom doors in his house and they were a lot less than HD.
I told him i needed new doors and baseboards and i wanted to put up some crown molding as well, he told me to try R&K and they are awesome.
they have a door showroom for exterior and interior doors, and all the different kinds of trim you can think of.
Steve, or Dustin will treat you good and find what you are looking for.
It is so nice not to have those hideous brown wood grain doors on my bedrooms, instead i have nice paneled doors with beautiful hardware to make my home look newer.
I don't know if crown molding is still in, but i love the fact that i don't have to do such a good job with my painting of the walls with the ceiling, just cover it with the molding.
that's it.

I was looking for corner mouldings, and I was referred to them by two other dealers in the Valley.
I went there, showed them what I was after, and they assured me they could get it by the next week.
Based on this, I got additional mouldings cut for my house.
I went back the next week, and they didn't have it.
I went back the next week, and they couldn't figure out how to turn on the lights in the warehouse.
I went back the next week, and they had the wrong product.
I went back the next week, and they still couldn't figure out how to turn on the lights in the warehouse.
I went back the next week, and it was the product they had ordered for me, but it turned out that it was made in the wrong size, and nobody made it in the right size.
So they refunded my money, MINUS A 15% RESTOCKING FEE for the wrong item!
If you are big into wasting whole months of your life, and giving away your money, then I recommend R & K Building Supplies.
If you don't like those things, then I recommend you stay the hell away from them.

Rand K is simply the best place to get your building supplies.
I buy all my supplies there and recommend them to all my clients.
They have great prices and honest service.
You can't go wrong with R and K!

I used R and K to insulate my house and they did a great job.
They even fixed a problem that Custom Energy Designs left behind (see my review of CED) when they sealed my vents.
They could have left it and I would never have known the difference.
It actually ended up costing them more money because they had to use more bags than they expected.
No increase in price though.
My only complaint of R and K would be they don't advertise clearly that they also do vent sealing--it is buried in their web site.
Had I known that I would have at least asked for a free estimate and I would have probably used them for the whole project.

Shelly was wonderful to work with.
She took our "why did we wait until the last minute?
" attitude and turned it in to a good days work.
I ordered some beams and fascia and she went above an beyond to find everything we needed and get our trailer loaded up.
There was zero discrimination against our tiny project.
Everything was done quickly, we hardly waited on anyone the entire day.
I will absolutely work with them as much as I can in the future.

