Had my car towed from my work to my mechanic - the distance was 9 miles and the bill was $113.
I['m no expert on prices, but I think other companies are cheaper than this.
With that said, they were prompt, courteous, and well communicated.

My car battery died & the dealer sent Customer One Towing to me (it was under warranty if I had the dealer test it and change it out).
They sent me a text message to let me know they were on the way and confirm the address and then were here 10 minutes before their promised time.
The driver was great, took great care in loading my car onto the flatbed, and got my car to the dealer safely.
I put them in my contacts on my phone in case I ever need another tow!

I received the absolute BEST service this past evening when my water pump leaked out all the fluid and I had scary things going on with my hot/cold gauge while coming off the freeway.
I parked and called in the service.
The tow truck guy (Ben Elmore) showed up just as my dad arrived to help me out.
My dad found that he could fix the situation and called in to cancel my tow service.
The company was gracious about it and Ben was too.
Ben helped me locate the nearest Autozone and exchanged car advice with my dad.
That's amazing service.
I will totally call these guys first next time thanks to Ben.

I own arizona firestone and have used them for our towing needs for over 7 years.
We called them to have a bmw towed in last week and when it got to the shop the lower part of the bumper was broken.
We didnt really think anything of it because we have never had an issue with them.
The customer was very upset when they came to pick up the vehicle and it was obviously not broken before the tow truck got.
We found scratches on the under side where it had been dragged during the loading process.
We then arranged for the customers car to be repaired.
No biggie i just needed to call customer one and get it taken care of.
Everyone has accidents right?
NO!
Not them!
All i got was every excuse as to how there was no possible way they could ever do that not even on their worst day.
I was surprised they even admit to ever towing it!
We called to get a  new bumper and the first thing the parts guy said was "what happened a tow truck rip it off?".
They have been a great company for many years but watch out when something goes wrong!
Guess i get to foot the $800 bill for repairs in the name of customer service!!

