This is the only sitdown Rosati's in the Valley.
The rest are takeout facilities.
We have only tried the pizza.
It is for strictly Chicago-style pizza lovers.
Love the deep dish.
If we do take out, we get the thin crust.
Tried Oregano's in Tucson and I liked the fact their thin crust was wavailable in wheat, and I liked it a little better than Rosati's.
Deep dish was similar, both are very good.
I feel like I'm cheating on Rosati's because it has been such a long time favorite, but I liked Oregano's pizza a little more.
And could someone explain to me the popularity of Nello's?
Yuck.

I'm dropping Rosati's a point because the prices are getting high.
We had a take out order of 2 jumbos and a large that was $70.
That's a lot for thin crust pizza.
At the current price levels, we will be eating at Rosati's a LOT less.

Prices...schmices.
This is still the place for me to go for pizza.
I'm raising them back up a star.
Ate here in Oct when the brother in-law was in town and their deep dish is still the bomb.
Loved the brother in-laws leftover thin crust too.

My 2nd favorite local pie (Grimaldi's is #1 on the planet for me).
I love the thin crust pizza here, and their sausage is about the best I've ever had on a pizza.
The crust is just about perfect, the sauce is seasoned just right, the cheese is terrific.. great pie all around.
Slightly pricey but I never mind paying it because it's worth it.

Rosati's is one of the better pizza options in the Valley.
I've only had the thin crust, but it is excellent.
The center is rarely underdone or droopy.
They cut it into squares rather than pie slices, which is a minor annoyance.
Stay away from the pasta; it's wet, the marinara is obviously canned and quite runny, and it's overloaded with cheese.
The garlic bread is ok, but it won't save one of their pasta dinners.
But it's a pizza place, so I won't ding them for bad pasta.
The salads are so-so; heavy on the iceberg lettuce but still fresh, so don't shy away if you want to combine a salad with a little pizza for a lighter dinner.
The atmosphere is inviting, with decorations reminiscent of Chicago without being overwhelming (I'm talking to you, Pizzeria Uno).
The staff is decent, though they're often hidden in the kitchen or bar and not often at the tables.

We have been ordering pizza (delivery) from Rosati's ever since we moved here 10 years ago.
It is simply the best medium priced delivery pizza in the whole valley.
And they often have coupons (which makes it even more affordable) We are pretty much stuck on the thin crust and usually order the 'classic combo' with meat and veggies.
Always fresh, always delivered piping hot, and always yummy.
And we don't mind the square cut because I like the outside crust and my husband prefers the inside pieces...perfect!

Good food, good service and I really like the "back east" feel to the restaurant.

I love Rosati's, we always get thin crust & lately I've really been into their wings.
Another plus are their coupons that double on Friday's.
I've only gotten delivery & carry out, so I can't speak about the dine-in service.
This is my #1 pizza joint followed by NYPD Pizza.

I feel kind of bad giving out my first 1-star review, but hopefully I'll go back and give it another review.
I got a menu from this place in some flier and it's been on my fridge taunting me for the past week or so.
I finally got the pizza craving, and it was conveniently on a Friday when Rosati's offers double coupons, turning a $5 off an order of $20 or more into $10 off.
Definitely not bad, because I think they're a little over-priced and without the coupon/double coupon incentive wouldn't go back.
Anyway, I wasn't surprised that we weren't the only ones wanting pizza on a Friday and had no problem with the 1 hour delivery time quoted for my pizza and salad.
An hour and a half later, the guy shows up with the pizza and no salad.
He won't just say screw it to the salad and adjust the bill because then we're under the necessary $20 mark for the coupon, but he says he'll be right back and it won't take nearly as long as the pizza did.
We settled into the pizza, which turned out to be cold around the edges and lukewarm in the middle, and really soggy.
Not soggy like the thin crust was buckling under the weight of the toppings (though probably that too), but soggy like the crust was sitting under wet toppings for way too long and it just turned into mush.
Still, it was fairly tasty for cold and soggy and I could see the potential for a decent pizza.
After 45 minutes there's no salad so we call and ask if it could just be canceled.
She says he's already on the way, so no, but offers us coupons.
I'm guessing more coupons that just came with the pizza.
we explain the shiteous experience and she doesn't sound surprised but doesn't offer to right the situation in anyway either.
Finally the guy came with the salad a little over an hour after his first visit and just under 3 hours after we ordered.
We weren't hungry at that point, but I had the salad the next day for lunch, with leftover pizza crisped up in the oven.
Both were decent.
I emailed Rosati's with what I wrote here because I'm honestly not used to this crappy of service.
If they contact me, I'll try them again and redo this review.
If you're reading this, I guess they haven't yet.
Bottom line:  Probably good pizza, but there's a catch-22 of being overpriced without coupons and overly busy when coupons are offered.
My advice would be to order in or carry out.

First off Rosati's should be considered carryout only, otherwise you will wait.
Food is just like the Rosati's I grew up on in Chicago but costs about twice as much.
But if you want something other than Dominos and the likes and can't wait on Oregano's go with Rosati's.
Order an antipasto salad and large pizza.
You won't be let down.
-2 stars on the price.

Excellent pasta dishes and great meatballs too!
Server's all very friendly and efficient.
Great neighborhood bar and restaurant.

We love Rosatis!
We used to get delivery and takeout from the location on Baseline and 24th street.
The pizza is great, pastas are pretty good and they have great Italian beef.
If your looking for a REAL pizza, try the Rosati's monster.
Bonus***The Entertainment Book has a few coupons for 50% off of a pizza!!

Still love Rosati's.
They make a fine pie.
It would be a 5-star pie if the prices weren't out of whack.
But I keep going back because it's really tasty, and unique in flavor.
I HIGHLY recommend trying their sausage.
I generally don't opt for sausage on my pizza, but OMG, Rosati's sausage is tne best I've ever had on a pizza, and by a wide margin.
Another hint - they cut your pizza into squares.
This is kinda sucky because you have center pieces with no crust and that makes them a bit tricky to handle, plus the crust is good so everyone tends to gravitate to the outer pieces.
They'll pie cut it if you ask, do it, you'll be happier.

I only recommend the pizza if you eat there.
It's too soggy if delivered.
But it is really good dine in.
They also have this itallian sandwitch that is really good too.
I think its a little pricey for a pizza place and the service is very hit and miss.
Half the time I feel like they're un-happy to see me and I am just annoying them by making them work.

Our group of 6 had a couple of deep dish pies.
Their crust was excellent and crisp on the bottom.
Service was OK but got the job done.
There is an actual bar as well.
I recommend the pizza and stay away on Tuesday nights...it's senior night, and the blue-hairs come out in full force!

What's with complaining about the price?
You don't buy a Ferrari and complain about how much it cost.
If it's too expensive for your blood, don't buy it.
The pizza is awesome.
I'm not from Chicago, or New York, or Philly, or any of that... so I guess I'm not an "expert," but I think it's good food.
Rosati's is way, way better than Pizza Hut, Papa John's, Dominos or any of those.

Good pizza not the best!
But good

Great pizza and they deliver.
Try the monster!

Awesome pizza!!!
This location is different than some of the others.
First, it's not just carry out.
This is a family restaurant with a (small) bar.
Second, they are the original valley owners and they care!
I have only been disappointed here once, and they went out of their way to make things right.

Best pizza ever.
Hands down.
Order the stuffed pizza.
I thought it was better than Giordanos and Gino's East in Chicago.

So far the best Chicago style deep dish pizza I've tried outside of Chicago.
I grew up in Chicago, living on Giordano's and Lou Malnati's.
I think this pizza is a combination of both.
Sauce was thick and full of good flavor.
That part reminded me of Giordano's.
The crust was good as well, and a bit thinner than Giordanno's style pizza, and it was crunchy.
That part reminded me of Lou Malnati's.
I picked this pizza up to go, but when I walked into the restaurant, it had a bit of authentic Chicago feel.
Red checkered table clothes, brick walls, pictures all over the walls of things chicago, and a bar.
I wouldn't mind dinning here once to get the full affect.
Over all, this is some damn fine pizza.
My only complaint is this: I love my Chicago deep dish pizza the best the next day, fresh out of the refrigerator.
This pizza however, seemed to get much saltier after sitting in the fridge over night.
It wasn't just one piece either.
I was able to stomach it for a piece or two, but I didn't finish a few because it was just too much.
It was coming from the cheese, so I'm not sure if it's the quality of cheese or what.
Still, that's not enough to keep me from coming back soon!
It's a taste of home!

It really pains me to drop not 1, but 2 stars off of my previous review.
What it all boils down to is inconsistency, and in more than one area.
I'll start with the least of the issues.
I've heard that Rosati's takes the Passport card, which gives a 20% discount on the total bill.
Awesome!
Accept... it's only certain ones?
I think that's kind of weird.
I can't remember which location in Chandler takes it, but the one off of Ray & McQueen doesn't.
When I asked about why others take it and others don't, I got kind of a snobby response of "Probably because those are franchises.
This is family owned.
"  Personally, I don't think that should matter.
You both have the same name on the front of your store.
That is a minor issue, which I could overlook, but combined with the inconsistency of their pizza, makes for a 'salty' customer.
On my previous review, I stated how the pizza tasted great, until it sat overnight in the fridge, thus gaining a salty flavor.
That wasn't enough to stop me from getting this pizza again.
However this time, the saltiness was apparent from right out of the box.
From the very first bite, my mouth was overwhelmed with the saltiness.
It wasn't so bad that we couldn't eat it, but it was enough where it really over shadowed the other flavors that were so wonderful last time.
Also, this time the crust seemed greasier than last time, which also isn't a trait of true Chicago style pizza.
I gave it a fair shot twice, and both times I wasn't 100% satisfied.
Time to move on.

No problem with the food here, just the service.
I have ordered food from here 3 times, once takeout and twice delivery.
Everytime I have put an order in here they get something on the order wrong.
When I try to make a complaint about it the staff is very rude and not apologetic at all.
This location has very young girls taking the orders and it is my feeling that they don't pay attention very well since they get the order wrong every time.
I will never order from this location again because of the terrible service and uncaring staff.

Happy Holidays to my fellow Arizonians and snowbirds.....
If you read any of my reviews you know by now I am the pickiest person I know and....
I detest spending good money on bad food.
So, here we go with Rosatis on Ray Rd in Chandlers review......
I am from Chicago and grew up eating Rosatis on Milwaukee Ave and know what their pizza SHOULD taste like..... now, I understand that everyone who advertises "Chicago pizza" here in Az forgets what REAL Chicago pizza tastes like and I have no idea why nobody can make an authentic Chicago type pizza...
I have eaten at a few different Rosatis locations over the years and this location is BY FAR THE WORST!
I ordered a pepperoni pizza and for some reason decided to get the double dough....not realizing this meant less cheese and pepperoni!
We got the pizza in a reasonable amount of time and it was cold!
The dough looked undercooked and was tasteless and although I ordered "easy sauce" they chose to put no sauce....or so it seemed.
I can only compare this pizza to one of cheap $5.99 pizza places!
Except my medium pepperoni pizza cost $17.00!
As I am sure you already know Rosatis is NOT a cheap pizza...they charge a higher price, which I would not mind paying if the pizza were good, but that is NOT the case!
Not only was the sauce scarce but there was hardly any cheese and like Dominoes or poppa johns they used the type of cheese that doesnt melt.....  How does cheese not melt you might ask?
Your guess is as good as mine unless it is imitation cheese which I am sure they do not use....or so I hope!
I really should have called them and told them their Pizza SUCKED, but I chose to just write my review and not go back again.
How is it possible that Rosatis can be so different from location to location when they use the same ingredients?
Anyway, I was really wanting pizza tonight and one slice of their so called pizza turned my stomach.
If anyone knows a good or even decent pizza place in Chandler area, please let me know.
I would have been better off with a store bought pizza.....
Ya live, ya learn!
So Rosatis.....I think its time for you to read the reviews about your location and make some changes, unless of course you just dont care in which case..... Keep doing what you're doing!
My Suggestion to all of you out there looking for good or even decent pizza in Chandler....stick with Dominoes....it is a lot cheaper and I cannot believe I am saying this but.....better!
If you have read my reviews and agree with my reviews....STAY AWAY from this location of ROSATIS pizza!
Until next time....  Bon Appetite'

I've had Rosatis before and the food is OK in my opinion.
I think they are a little over priced.
I had it delivered so I can't comment on the restaurant.
The food was delivered fast.
I ordered a Connolly and thought it was OK nothing special but the fish and chips where good.
Overall I would try them again but not my first choice.

CUSTOMER SERVICE TOTALLY HORRIBLE.
While the food is, let's say, OK (not the best despite the price that implies a superior product) the manager is coming directly from hell.
Watch your credit card statement as mine was just double the amount of the meal and the merchant refuses to accept that there is a problem with it.
100% tip?
Not on my receipt (which I thankfully I kept.
) Thank you for the credit card protection mechanism against these vultures.
Should send the Mystery Diners team there..

They can't get a delivery correct!
I ordered over the phone, got the wrong pizza, they offered me a free one... and when I order the free one, it was wrong again.
I then called back and was told by a very rude woman, that they are a sit-down restaurant.
DO NOT order a delivery pizza from Rosati's!

NO - S.J.
from Tempe I am by far the pickest person you'll ever meet - normally my reviews are far from good ones unless deserved.
Now in this case I AM from the Chicago suburbs and definitely know a good pizza when I eat one !!
Also, have eaten at numerous Rosati's here and in IL and this particular location by far is the BEST !!!
We (our whole family) live in Gilbert - not exactly next door, and there are numerous pizza places (or so called ones) and we drive to this particular one for the FOOD and the FRIENDLY WAIT STAFF... NO we don't know the owner nor are we related just an average customer who happens to like so far anything we've gotten at this particular location.
We have NEVER found them to be padding the bill or any inuendo's of the sort.
The quality of the food is always the finest of ingredients on and on.
If there is 1 negative I will say spiff up your restrooms and definitely get new booths they all are like sitting in a hole.
So anyone wanting the BEST PIZZA in the EAST VALLEY please give this Rosati location a try !!!

Very best pizza in town and likely most inexpensive in town during happy hour.
Antipasto also a good healthyish choice.
Beer is a good deal as well.

Our go to delivery place for pizza.
Very good.
This is a good location because it is an actual sit-down restaurant with a full bar.
Most locations are take out and delivery only.

Seriously good pizza, and my favorite: beer!

One of my favorite spots.
Their sauce can sometimes be too salty but service and food is usually really good there.
I sometimes go in to have a pitched if beer and watch a game.
They've usually got lunch specials and specials on drinks so it's budget friendly.

DO NOT ORDER FROM HERE.
After waiting an hour for my order to arrive I recieved a nasty phone call from a delivery boy letting me know "uh hey btw youre out of our delivery zone uh BY A LOT.
Call the store, bye.
" (We live 7.3 miles away.
) & when I called the store the girl apologized for the confusion and told me the order was on its way.
FORTY mins later when I called back, to my surprise the store had closed!
Oh and the kicker?
The charge for my $32.00 order is still on my card.
Amazing!
Unless you want to pay for incompetence and no food pick another pizza place.
TRY ZIOS - get the pepperoni rolls!!

Pizza is good...we've ordered lasagna for take out too before and its good.
Friendly service.

