I've been shopping at this Safeway since I moved into my house over 7 years ago.
I have consistently been pleased with the service I get there.
The staff is always friendly, you get greeted as you shop the aisles, and they are quick to add more checkout staff when there is a line.
The produce, meat, bakery and deli selections are always good.
Safeway sometimes has higher prices than the other Grocery stores, but for the location and service, it's my store of choice.
Always clean and neat, and usually very well stocked I almost enjoy grocery shopping when I go.

I'm not sure what's going on, but it seems like while the quality remains the same, staffing has been a little off at this Safeway lately.
It used to be that if more than 2 people were in line, they would open a new line.
Now, over the past several trips, the lines have been longer and longer.
It also appears like there is less staff to bring in carts and help in the aisles.
While this is still the primary price I will shop, the little touches that made them better than the other nearby places are starting to slip.
Come on Safeway, turn it up a notch!

Maybe I'm easily pleased, but I love this store.
From the Starbucks, to the sandwich counter, to the bakery, to the vast array of gift cards I can give for birthday's/anniversary's, because I don't have much of an imagination.
I love their Eating Right line of frozen foods, and the produce is pretty good.
Too bad I moved too far away to make this a regular stop.

This is one of my favorite local stores because of how clean and well laid out it is.
Meat quality has always been high for a chain (doesn't compete with a real butcher, but still very good).
The bakery and alcohol sections are very well stocked.

This store is very clean and nice looking.
I was particularly impressed by the produce department.

Maybe it's just me but this store is not up to par in my opinion.
I always stop here to get money orders for rent on the way home from work and I almost always have to wait at the counter for 5 or more minutes while employees constantly yell "someone will be right with you" at me from all directions.
The sandwich counter is good although it says sandwich in 3 minutes or its free and it always takes longer.
(I never say anything because I don't care, I just don't see the point of the sign.
) Their meat section is a joke lacking any real selection.
The produce is almost always below my quality standards and is also lacking in selection.
Last but most definitely not least they always have just one register open and no self checkout.
Overall going there is a highly inconveniencing experience and I would not recommend going there for anything.

Only reason I am going Yelp about Safeway is in hopes that corporate management reads posts once in awhile.
Would give it five stars IF they put SELF CHECKOUT lane in this store!!
I was.
in this Safeway last weekend.
9 pm.
Only one checkout lane open.
I had two items and the person in front of me had a case of beer.
The person in front of both of us had $200 worth of groceries to buy.
I think it's an a waste of time to wait in line for that long when you only have two items.
Most of the Safeway and Fry's stores have automatic checkout.
Why not this one?
This store is two minutes from my house and otherwise I love it.
The female manager who works at this location has helped me on more than one instance.
She helped find something in the bakery after they were closed.
So a big thank you to her for going the extra mile.
Again self checkout at this location would have earned it 5 stars, not 4.

