I was renting a car for a couple of months until my car was delivered from Europe.
RENTALS: Met expectations.
Nothing spectacular.
Economy gas efficient cars that were clean.
CUSTOMER SERVICE: OMG... horrible.
NEVER come here.
Upon renewal of my contract for the 2nd month I was promised the same contract BUT upon arriving for renewal they jacked up the price on me which was almost twice the price!
RIDICULOUS.
They cited that "the market changes.
" I was so disappointed and furious that I went to another Enterprise on Orchid Lane (please see review) and they honored the contract that this Enterprise refused to honor even when explained my situation!
Shame on them!
Plus, I was a good customer.
It's not like I was renting for only a weekend.
I was wanting to rent for 2 whole months.
Hm!
Their loss!
P.S.
Attached is picture of the representative that promised me the contract but then changed it last minute.
How dishonest!
CONCLUSION: NEVER, EVER AGAIN.
YUCK.

I had to get a rental while my car was getting some repairs finished 2 doors down.
The body shop called these guys while I was standing there & when I got there - about 10 minutes later - they acted like they had no idea what was going on.
Tyler kept trying to shove their additional insurance down my throat despite me repeatedly telling him that I did NOT need it & they would have the car back by the end of the day.
It was obvious what I was saying was going in one ear & out the other & they really didn't give a crap about what I told them.
I would NEVER recommend this Enterprise location to ANYONE!

Quick efficient service while renting, Nate was not pushy about additional insurance coverage, full size car was a new Hyundai that was a great rental.

I have rented from them a few times and the experience is ess than pleasant.
The Supv.
there are horrible.
The manager is horrible.
The only person that's nice is the tallyoung lady with curly hair.
My last experience was...I walked in for a last minute rental and was told by the supv.
they do not have cars.
I then went outside and reserved a vehicle online.
I drove home, called the branch and asked someone to pick up me up.
In 30 mins.
I had a filthy dirty slimy car that looked like the inside was rolled in mud.
I returned the vehicle the following day and told the supv.
They gave me $10 off.
Yuck!
And no sympathy..never ever again.

Everyone was seriously nice and very concerned with my experience.
The manager is very present and extremely involved.
He is aware of previous management's errors, working to fix it.
I was super apprehensive about them after reading the reviews, but they were the closest approved (by my insurance company) rental place, and were able to pick me up right away, and had a truck ready for me to rent.
I recieved incredibly quick service, I was not hassled in any way about insurance.
When I was told by the shop that was repairing my car that it would be a week longer than they originally thought, I called Enterprise to make arrangements to keep the truck I'd rented for an additional week, and decided to drop the extra insurance that I'd originally opted to buy, just to keep costs down.
Again, they were very nice and didn't  hassle me about it one bit.
Then, I decided that I did not like the large king-cab Ford truck that I'd rented from them.
I drove by without an appointment, and explained that I felt like the Ford felt like a giant, slow, gassy marshmallow (sorry Daddy, I know you were a Ford guy but this one was nothing like the Fords YOU drove).
I was taken out to look at what was available, and a Chevy Silverado was recommended as being a little better with handling, a little quicker, and less lumbering in feel.
He drove it around back, ran it through the wash, and it was swapped out for me without a second's hesitation and I was on my way in -seriously- seven minutes flat.
Looking back, I was completely on my guard the entire time for the frightful bugaboo monsters that others have warned us about... and I was slightly traumatized after my car accident, and a somewhat 'needy' customer, and yet they were quick, professional, and respectful the entire time.
Do you need to pay market pricing according to the day of the week and whether it would be over a holiday weekend (as mine was)... yes.
That's NORMAL.
Do you have to reserve with a credit card?
Yes, that's NORMAL- what would YOU want as surety if some stranger was going to drive off in your new-ish car?
And if YOUR car is in the body shop because you wrecked it.... um.... maybe a suggestion of additional insurance isn't such a bad idea.
Just sayin.

We just had a generally bad experience with this place.
Our car was hit by another driver and had to go into the body shop for a few weeks of work.
Our insurance company covered a certain amount per day for a rental car and they directed us to this location to pick up a car.
We had $30 per day to spend and supposedly were using this rental car company because the insurance company had a partnership with them for good rates.
I've rented quite a few cars and am usually able to get a decent car for $20-30 per day from non-airport locations, so my expectation was that we would be able to get a reasonable rental car for this rate.
Unfortunately, we were given just one option; a Dodge Avenger.
This car was terrible.
The interior of the car had not been properly cleaned and there was some sort of sticky liquid in/around the cup holders, which was gross.
The rest of the car just did not seem clean overall, for example, my husband had to point out a large stain on the back seat when we picked the car up initially, and the guy helping us did not apologize nor was he particularly concerned about it - apparently stained upholstery is okay by their ... standards... ?
But to me it is just ... ewww.
We had the car for 3 weeks, which means that they were making about $650 over the course of our rental, but apparently $650 did not entitle us to a clean car.
In addition to the cleanliness issues mentioned, the car was also in bad repair.
When we left the rental location, we soon noticed that the brakes squeaked constantly.
I can't believe they are renting out cars that are not functioning correctly - this is crazy!
It doesn't seem safe at all.
Our car in the shop is an SUV, which we usually use for toting the whole family, carseat, groceries, percussion equipment, etc around town on the weekends and in the evenings.
As a result, the tiny Avenger was a complete disappointment and not terribly useful to us, however the cost to rent an SUV (hundreds of dollars per day) was silly and not a possibility.
My only consolation was that it was a small car, so it would of course be more gas-efficient than our lumbering, gas guzzler SUV, right?
Ummmm NOPE!
We had to fill this car up about once per day on the weekends.
I honestly don't know how this level of inefficiency is legal, considering how horribly wasteful it is (not to mention how expensive this got)   At the end of our rental we discovered that their hours are completely inconvenient to anyone who works a normal job, and they do not have an overnight key drop for when they are not open.
We got the call from our mechanic at 5:00pm on Thursday that our car was ready and could be picked up.
This meant that we needed to drop off the rental car right away as our insurance would not continue covering the rental now that the work on our other vehicle was finished.
This location closed at 6:00pm, which meant that we would not make it there before they closed.
We definitely did not want to have to personally pay for this car for even one day considering how unhappy we were with it already.
We called around to see if we could drop it off at an alternate location that was open later, in order to avoid any charges, but were told that while we could do this, it would be subject to a $50.00 fee for drop off at a different location.
This is a ridiculous fee considering it is almost 2 days' rental cost.
No one with Enterprise was willing to help, even after explaining the situation.
Ultimately, we had to get to work 2 hours late so that we could wait till 8am to drop off the rental car before driving to the other side of town where we work.
It was just such a stupid process.
We did mention the drop off situation to the agent we were dropping the car off with when we returned it and they tried to argue that we could drop off at an alternate location and she was apparently unaware of the $50.00 fee that their company charges to do this.
She also tried to defend the lack of an overnight drop off as a safety issue, which I understand considering that this location is not in a great part of town (but this is still not a reasonable excuse for being so inconvenient, honestly)   The parking lot is extremely narrow and weird, so getting in and out is a pain.
Don't use this location (or really Enterprise in general) at all if you can avoid it, they seem to be awful and have terrible, dirty cars that aren't kept in good repair.

There's really not a lot to say here.
The people are nice, and relatively efficient.
I sometimes think their cars have an odd smell to them (don't know why).
But they are right next to the body shop my insurance company prefers, and they also prefer this rental office.
They arrange everything, making the entire process quite painless.
If I were paying for it I might feel differently, but they are extremely convenient to the body shop.
And, as I said, the people are friendly and helpful.
No complaints.

I never had any major complaints about Enterprise.
Make sure you bring the car back how you left it(as far as gas is concerned) or they will charge you $10, a gallon.

