OK...so there were some things I left out of my first review.
Mostly because I didn't want to portray myself as the obnoxious loud mouth that I am.
The first time I came here I noticed they had a sign on the door that said "We're open on Thanksgiving".
I marched up the counter and told the guy "Open on Thanksgiving?
What a bunch of bullshit.
People can go one day without their precious bagels.
"   Soooo wouldn't you know it....Thanksgiving rolls around and guess who just has to have a salt bagel?
That's right - the woman who announced how despicable it was that a bagel shop would be open for 4 hours on this most sacred of feeding frenzy days.
I hung my head in shame and walked in a few minutes before they closed.
Of course, the guy mopping the floor was the same one I'd told only days before how I'd never go into a business on Thanksgiving.
I avoided eye contact and ordered my bagels.
They only had 2 salt left, so I got a couple of jalapeno and asiago cheese.
The gentleman at the counter who I'm assuming was Hector (of Hector's Bagel Nosh) was awesome and gave me a couple extra asiago bagels so I ended up walking out with 9 bagels instead of 6!
Now THAT is something to be thankful for!!!
Of course the bagel quality was amazing and we noshed on them until we weren't even hungry for turkey.
Seriously, I'll take Hector's Bagel Nosh Bagels over stuffing and mashed potatoes any day of the year.

A few weeks ago I was in the Phoenix area and found Bagel Nosh on Yelp.
Their bagels are chewy on the outside and nice and fluffy on the inside-just how you want a bagel.
They have bagels ready to go, as well as an assortment of bagel sandwiches.
The person who helped me was very nice and put together my bagel quickly and it tasted great.
The only possible downside was the coffee was a little cold, but then again I came after the breakfast rush.
Try the Bagel Nosh and I don't think you will be disappointed.

i've been wanting to check this place out for some time now especially since i always see some of the ladies at work ordering lunch from this place.
on mondays they have this sweet daily special with their lunch sandwiches....you get a free fountain drink and a side included with your sandwich.
awesome.
i was a bit overwhelmed by the menu when i first walked in.
being the only one there i was feeling the pressure to quickly order something.
i went with the turkey avocado club on a wheat bagel...can't go wrong with avocados or anything with bacon.
=P definitely a good choice.
had the pasta salad side which was tasty for the most part and i decided to try the passion fruit ice tea which was alright.
super yummy food.
i really hope i don't start getting cravings for this place.

Like watching a train wreck in slow motion will definitely be going somewhere else for bagels from now on disappointing have been going there for years.
The eight day old cream cheese was a nice touch (yuck!

This place used to be good when Hector owned and operated it.
At that time they also had competent staff.
It has recently with the past few years turned over many many times.
It seems to get worse each time I give it another try.
Their bagels are pretty good when they have them but often the service experience and the lack of inventory makes you want to jump through the glass window.
By the time my church lets out on Sunday they are usually down to the weird bagels and no sesame or poppy.
If there are more than two people in front of you when ordering, just run like hell.

I was drawn to this place because of the photos they have on their windows of their bagel sandwiches.
I finally found the time to stop by for breakfast and wasn't disappointed.
The lady working the counter was super sweet and patient with me while I debated a nova lox or egg, ham and cheese... the latter won.
I wasn't disappointed.
The sandwich was moist and delish... a lot better than Einstiens.

5 stars for an Arizona bagel.
3.5 for NYC.

The best bagel shop I have been too.
Cream cheese is the best you will ever try, and their bagels are delicious with many flavors to choose from .
I love the breakfast and lunch sandwiches!
Their coffee is also better than Starbucks and cheaper too :-) If you are in the area i would recommend trying them out.
Everyone is very friendly with a big smile on their faces .

It is a bad sign when you walk into a place and instantly have an uncontrollable desire to clean something...anything...
It would behoove them to maybe wipe a few things down, or brew their tea fresh in the morning, or possibly even bake their goods before opening, instead of the day before.

I am surprised at some of the low reviews for this place.
Since moving to Gilbert, I rave about Bagel Nosh :) It is probably the best place for bagels and the service is fantastic!
Recently, I took my boyfriend there and he quickly understood why this is my new addiction.
The staff is friendly and the Honey Walnut on French Toast- to DIE for!!
Love this place!

I love this place and the service is always first rate and I invariably throw a buck into the tip jar.
But I confess that I was put off this morning by their new tablet payment system that confronts you with whether or not to tip before you can sign for your purchase.
I have absolutely no problem with tipping for table service, but when I go directly to the counter and buy something to go, the idea of being hit up with tip suggestions is disconcerting to me.
Maybe this will be happening soon at gas stations and Home Depot, but I hope not.

It was Sat morning and I was with my friend and we were headed to the dog park and said hey lets grab a bite to eat, so we stopped at Bagel Nosh.
I love bagels, so why not!
This was my 1st time at a bagel nosh and I have to say, what a nice selection of bagels they have to offer.
I picked out a jalapeno & cheese bagel that was still warm from the oven and jalapeno cream cheese.
Like I said the bagel was still warm and the cream cheese really surprised me, they have whole slices of jalapenos in the cream cheese, that right there was the bomb!
Delish I tell you!
Fresh bagels & great cream cheese perfectly paired together!

What a great find.
I haven't found many breakfast joints that give off the "mom and pop" "been here forever" vibe that you find in other big cities.
Bagel Nosh fills that void.
Meal was fresh and affordable.
The lox and cream cheese bagel I order was much better than the one I had for twice the price at a reputable/hip restaurant the week before.
Well worth it.

Is the best bagel place I've been to?
No.
I came here for a "to go" breakfast with my man.
As we were waiting for our food, he whispered to me "this place is filthy".
The vent above the bagel rack was so dusty!
The counters, floors and tables looked like they hadn't been wiped down either.
We had already paid so we just decided to get our food and go.
The guy who helped us was very sweet but incredibly slow.
We spent almost 20 minutes waiting for 2 bagel sandwiches and a chocolate chip muffin.
The bagel sandwiches tasted good (I tried a tomato basil bagel) and liked it.
I also thought the variety in bagels was nice.
The muffin wasn't my favorite but was edible.
Prices were reasonable but nothing great.
Just like my review says, A-OK.

I'm not a bagel expert but I am from New York and know bagels.
I used to love this place when Hector owned it.
Then, another owner had it, and now I am unsure who owns it but the bagels have gotten very sad.
Formerly chewy and remarkable, they have deteriorated to grocery store quality that doesn't satisfy.
They are so swollen and breadlike, often there are no holes.
I had the last dozen presliced and each one has a 1/4 inch bottom and large top that now won't fit in my wide slot toaster.
Goodbye Bagelnosh.
Whimper.

Best bagels in town.
The texture of the bagels is perfect, they are dense and not a chewy as other bagels.
I also like that fact that they make the cream cheese there as well.
My favorite is the Honey walnut.
You will not be disappointed.

I am from Philadelphia and finding a quality bagel here in Arizona is impossible!
We came across Bagel Nosh one morning and decided to give it a shot.
We were beyond pleased with the taste and quality of the bagels!
It really reminded me so much of what we had available back east.
This place is awesome!

I had the owner take my order today.
He's very nice and helped me decide on my sandwich.
He was making jokes- very personable.
I got the Ruben pastrami..
YUM!!!
So good!!
I like local own businesses and recommend this for breakfast and lunch :)

Came here with my parents while they were in town.
Had driven past this place countless times in my neighborhood but never stopped in.
Everything was ok.
Nothing less and nothing more.
Obviously family owned, which can be good and it can be bad.
I had a toasted onion w/light cream cheese and it did the job.
Better than the mcdonalds it's next to!...

The price for a single bagel is .92 cents, add tax and its a buck.
If you buy six bagels they charge you $6.54.
That's $1.00 each plus tax.
I explained this to the clerk who kept saying, "that's just what the button charges..."  Are you serious?
I asked for the difference back and she refused saying again, that it's just what the button charges.
Either list the increased half dozen price so that I have a chance to agree to the price or fix the button.
I'm forced to dispute the charge.

I typically only leave reviews if my experience is positive.
Had to make an exception here.
Went to this spot on the weekend and the bagels were awful.
The two varieties i got tasted the same, like they been frozen at some point.
I ordered an asiago bagel with egg and cheese.
The egg was pre made and reheated in the microwave with the cheese on top.
When I got home to eat my much anticipated breakfast, I was immediately disappoited.
Even the regular bagel with cream cheese was a let down.
The cream cheese tasted sour.
I had a stomach ache all day.
I'm very disappointed in the quality of the food served here.
Won't be returning, unfortunately.

Bagel alone, this place is a solid 4 stars.
Entire experience not so much.
Girl behind the counter put gloves on but then touched her hair, her face, scratched her ear, pulled up her pants... Then she realized that I was staring at her and changed her gloves.
During that 45 seconds she asked me three times if I wanted the bagel toasted.
The place could definitely use a good cleaning.
Windows are foggy looking with streaks and dirt, dust behind the fridge area is very obviously not a concern, menu board looks neglected.
If I wasn't such a sucker for bagels I would probably drive else where to get breakfast on my way to work.
Too bad there isn't any where else to get a bagel between my house and work :/

I walked out of Bagel Nosh today and told the cashier that I wouldn't be back.
Every time I have been in there (about 10 times over the last three months), there has been an issue.
Employees and the owner "hide" in the back and although they advertise "free Wi-Fi," you have to find someone to ask to turn it on--and the signal is almost non-existent.
I'm not able to work there on my laptop.
The décor is dated and unattractive, things are missing from the walls or broken and the windows are always dirty.
I never see employees wiping down tables or cleaning up the condiment/beverage area (which gets messy from splatters and such).
There are new employees every time I go in and the last straw was today when I was informed that my punch card was only valid for sandwiches.
This was after six+ punches for bagels--and bagels are pictured on the card!
The sweet (newly hired of course) cashier said that the owner was "yelling at her" for punching the card for bagels.
I ripped up my punch card, wished her luck in her new job and left.
I will never go back.

Bagel nosh is our favorite local bagel place.
The service is generally very good.
The bagels are very good, my wife loves the French toast bagel and we have not seen these anywhere else.
The jalapeno cream cheese is one of my favorites.
Yes it's small, but never too crowded like some mainstream bagel places become.
The decor could use a lot of updating, but if you can see past that then you will truly enjoy your breakfast or lunch.
Prices are low, a plus as well.

I give them five stars especially because the counter girl Rachel remembers my sandwich every time I come in and it's  reasonably priced and unlike Einstein's  bagels this place will make your sandwich exactly how you want it.
"to order".
Love it

Amazing service and good bagels!
Had a breakfast bagel and got a cinnamon bun.
The cinnamon bun wasn't very sweet and the sausage was a bit strange but overall decent.
I will definitely be back for a bagel sandwich and a smoothie!

Support your local business, 'zonies!
Fast, friendly service, reasonable prices.
A baker's dozen bagels and two tubs of fresh cream cheese for $15.00 - try paying that at the Mensa bagels chain!
The variety of flavors / choices is excellent: try the Hawaiian, the 'everything' with cheese, and the French Toast bagels - you won't be disappointed.
Arrive early on a weekend morning for fresh, hot bagels served with a smile.

I visited this place 2 years ago and never wanted to come back.
Just recently I stopped by and noticed the owners changed.
They are so polite and the bagels are great for the price!
I went back for the 2nd time today and they've re-did the inside there is much more room.
I had a bagel sandwich and an ice mocha coffee that is easily comparable to Dutch Brothers but half the price.
If you haven't been to Bagel Nosh in a while I recommend trying them again!

