My husband and I are so thankful we found Virgil and his shop.
He is so honest, hardworking, and has the best prices on EVERYTHING.
After BMW North Scottsdale told me there was something wrong with my oil tank and was going to cost me over $900 I took it to Virgil for a second opinion.
He checked it out same day and called back saying absolutely nothing was wrong.
I went that evening to pick it up and Jeremy didn't even charge me a penny.
They are all so nice, helpful, and knowledgeable.
To date they have worked on my BMW, my old Xterra, my husband's Xterra and we will continue to take any car of ours in the future to them.
I would recommend them to ANYBODY looking for a reliable, trusted mechanic which has the best prices around to boot!

I started taking my vehicles to this shop about 6 months ago.
I can say without hesitation that this is the best auto repair shop in the East Valley, maybe the entire metro Phoenix area.
They're neither cheap nor expensive, their prices are right where they should be considering a full-fledged shop with extremely knowledgable mechanics.
They can pretty much fix just about anything.
I have sat there watching them in action and listening to Virgil talking to customers and calling parts stores on a couple of occasions while waiting for my car to be repaired.
They are not out to screw you, Virgil - the owner - is fair, reasonable and has a good head on his shoulder.
He is also a very caring person.
He's also very personable and has some rather amusing life stories.
I never saw a single person come in and start getting into anyone's face about "bad repairs" and if there is an issue, they are going to deal with it directly and immediately.
I, like probably everyone else, have taken my vehicles to shops that were definitely out to screw you.
Add this and that and make up charges for work that wasn't done or work that didn't need to be done.
You are NOT going to find this kind of stuff going on at Highland Auto.
If you are female, I can only say that this is the place to take your car if you don't want to be intimidated by high pressure shop managers who will try to convince you that you are going to die if you keep driving your vehicle the way it is.
I do not work there and am not related to anyone there, I am simply another very satisfied customer.

Two thumbs way up for Virgil and his crew!
Nothing not to like here.
Finally a repair shop that understands you want your vehicle fixed, not re-built - part by part and bolt by bolt!
Our first meeting was when we had our "Wonder Truck," all of us "wondering" how and why it kept moving.
It's been 10+ years and several cars later and we keep returning!
Great prices, excellent service, no up-sell!
If you need a mechanic you can trust, it doesn't get any better than Highland Auto!

Virgil and his team are awesome.
They do great work at reasonable prices.
I have been going to him for five years with all our vehicles.
I recommend this auto mechanic to all my friends.
Previously, the mechanics I went to wanted to "gold-plate" my truck and fix everything under the sun for top prices, or when I had a transmission done for a good price at another shop it leaked afterward!
Highland Auto has told me I didnt need to replace certain things and has been very honest.
- Jon H. in Chandler.

Virgil, the owner, and his crew are amazing.
We take our cars there for any repairs even though it is not the closes auto place to us.
Today Vergil fixed something for me that others wanted to charge at least $90 for.
He is honest and trustworthy.
You will not find anyone else that can beat the service and or his prices.
This is the place to go.

Virgil, the owner, is an incredibly fair and honest man.
He brings integrity to the auto repair business.
My parents had recommended Highland Auto to me on his account, but it was not until this week that I understood why they trusted him so much.
Just the other day, I approached him about a water pump (and belt) that broke for the second time just 15 months after they had replaced it.
I didn't notice until 3 months later, and I showed Virgil my two receipts.
He dealt with the situation very graciously and fairly.
Although he and his son (a co-manager) are men of few words, they speak with their actions, which is infinitely better.
I am wearied by car repair centers where the managers talk a good talk (like the "business men" they are) but do not follow through with actions that help me, their customer.
Virgil and his son do not have silver tongues; I appreciate their straightforwardness that speaks through their actions and decisions (not the comforting/manipulative dressing that other repairmen put on actions that hurt their customers' pockets).
Though their prices are not tremendously low, they have terrifically fair policies and they "put their name behind their work" (hold themselves accountable).
You get what you pay for, and you can trust what they say.
The world needs more auto mechanics like these guys.
- Brent Bowers Mesa, AZ

Virgil and company are the absolute BEST, BAR NONE for any auto repair/standard maintenance jobs you may have!
I've been using Highland Auto exclusively since moving to the area 6 years ago after a recommendation from a co-worker.
These guys are reliable, honest and stand behind their work!
I can't state effectively enough how much I appreciate Virgil and his crew!
Next time you're in the market for an honest auto repair at reasonable prices, do yourself a favor and go to Highland Auto!

We've taken both of our cars here for service.
One they did a diagnostic and found it needed to go somewhere for the transmission.
They didn't charge us and referred us to a place in Phoenix that did a good job and was very affordable.
Our other car they did an extensive diagnostic on and gave it a tune up and some other things.
The car had been out of commission for two years and they got it working really well and for a reasonable price.
We'll definitely be going to them in the future.
They were really nice and seem really honest.

