Anyone else find that all drug stores these days just make you spend money?
I went in for one little thing, and walked out with all kinds of crap I had no intention of buying, and probably over paid for anyhow.
Well done Walgreens, we shall meet again, and now I'm onto you.
This is just one of a billion million Walgreens out there,and it does nothing to stand out.
The staff is always just friendly enough that you can't complain, without ever making you feel special.
It's usually pretty clean and well stocked.
The pharmacy has always been fairly quick when I'm getting a prescription filled, and the pharmacist will answer any questions you have.
Their big plus is they are 24/7, so you can always get some emergency NyQuill or whatever you need.

I was very impressed with their pharmacy.
I switched to CVS about 6 months ago and it was a terrible experience.
Just this past weekend I transferred my prescription back to Walgreens and they were able to fill my prescription in 10 minutes while I waited and were extremely helpful.

This place is just ok, nobody really helped me out while i was there, but i found everything very quickly and did a little line at the register.
I just think they should have somebody walking around just to help shoppers.

Lamontae the night pharmacist  is very good at his job and if you need real help go to him he takes care of me all the time and will go out of his way to do the rite thing.
I am very impressed with all the pharmacy staff at this location.
I have meanly come here for the pharmacy so I'm speaking about the help I received from the pharmacy staff.

The five stars are for the pharmacy at this location.
Lamontae and the other younger guy are awesome.
I must use this Walgreens a lot because they both greet me by my first name every time I walk in which is nice.
When an employee takes the time to remember your name it's a nice personal touch that I enjoy.
I am always welcomed with a smile and friendly attitude when shopping here or picking up medicine.
The store is like every other basic Walgreens.
This location has a minute clinic  with a PA who can take care of most basic health needs.
The pharmacy has a drive up window if you don't feel like going in the store.
I like how it's open 24/7 both the store and pharmacy.

Great customer service.

This location is nice and the people at the pharmacy were very helpful.
I wouldn't buy barely anything at Walgreens though.
It is usually overpriced.
Take the extra few miles and make it over to Walmart.

This review is for the pharmacy drive through, I realize I am not at a fast food restaurant, but a consistent 10-15 minute wait in line to drop off a script is a bit much.
Especially when there is only 1 maybe 2 cars jn front of me.
Really?
How long should it take to find someones script and give it to them?
Maybe an extra minute for running their insurance but come on I have currently been in line as I write this, for over ten minutes, with only 1 car in front of me.

The five stars are for the pharmacy at this location.
Lamontae and the other younger guy are awesome.
I must use this Walgreens a lot because they both greet me by my first name every time I walk in which is nice.
When an employee takes the time to remember your name it's a nice personal touch that I enjoy.
I am always welcomed with a smile and friendly attitude when shopping here or picking up medicine.
The store is like every other basic Walgreens.
This location has a minute clinic  with a PA who can take care of most basic health needs.
The pharmacy has a drive up window if you don't feel like going in the store.
I like how it's open 24/7 both the store and pharmacy.

The clinic here sucks.
I went after being sick for 8days and was told by the nurse that I hadnt been sick long eniugh to get an antibiotic and tjey like us to be sick for 10 to 14 days first.
But if I wanted to come back on day 14 then she could recheck me and give me 1 then.
Here I am on day 11 and still sick.
Ridiculous and unprofessional

