Always dependable.
Good burgers, fries, chicken sandwich and love the chili.

I normally do not do a review for a chained fast food place, the food on the menu is the same as it is in California, Nevada, Arizona, and where ever I might be, but I have to say, this place deservers my review!
My prego daughter was craving their French fries and Frosty, and Wendys is just walking distance from my house, so off we went, now up until about 3 weeks ago this Wendy's was my number 1 Wendys to avoid, the staff was horrible, the placed just looked tore up, but in the middle of Aug I noticed that they shut Wendys down, and I was like WOOO HOOO someone else thought it was crap, and then I saw they were remodeling it, my hopes were small.
Then I heard that they let go of the staff, and that right there was an improvement and then they opened back up about 3 weeks ago, now my daughter has already been back, she was going through withdrawals from the Frosty and she kept telling me mom its nice, and the staff is good.
Well let me tell you, this isn't your normal Wendys anymore, I think Dave Thomas would be proud of this place!
It's classy and modern.
Good job Wendys!
Digging the new soda machines, love the many choices for Sprite!
S/n the staff last night was watching me like a hawk when I was taking pictures, guess they are not used to crazy picture taking Yelpers....and even free WifI!

Swanky Wendy's --- Good stuff.

This place was super disgusting before the remodel so we avoided.
Now it looks good but 3 out of the last 5 times through the drive thru I've ended up with missing items when I get home.
Guess I never learn.
Just don't get fancy with your order like a substitution and you might be OK.

Wendy's is Wendy's....
The food is decent.
The Frosty's are what I go for!
This one in particular stands out because of the updated look and Coke remix machine.

Very nice place.
Has a digital soda machine.
Very cool.
It also has a Decorative fireplace with compfy chairs.
The service is always perfect and the employees are super friendly.
I've never had issues here.

