I used to LOVE this place.
In the recent months all of the staff has changed and they seem to have a huge chip on their shoulder.
They are extremely overpriced and now just flat rude.
It is really a shame, I have been bringing all of my cars here for years.
Unfortunately I will be finding a new place with a friendlier face.

I agree with Anna.
I am a long time Gilbert resident and used this service center exclusively for years.
After Mark Boley left and Tom took over, the place went to hades in a handbasket quickly.
The old nickel and dime routine was too much for me.
They told my daughter she needed $600+ front end repair when all she needed was a simple alignment.
They did a "tune-up" on my son's truck, only to find out a  month later at another facility they never changed the spark plugs.
I have since gone to the Goodyear on Baseline.
Still have to watch out with some of their quotes.
NOBODY needs a nine year battery in Arizona.

I was driving home and noticed my "low tire pressure" light on.
Since I live close by, I stopped in here to see if they could check it for me.
They were fantastic!
Not only checked all my tires but inflated them and let me know how often I should check them and what the pressure should be.
I think I knew most of it but I really appreciated their helpfulness and kindness!
Will defiantly keep this in mind when I'm in need of new tires!

Had a flat took it in to get fixed and they called and said both front tires couldn't be repaired needed to be replaced.
I told them not to do anything ill pick it up because I knew that couldn't be right.
The next morning I took the car to discount tire and they fixed both front tires for free!!!
and no they didn't need to be replaced.

Blew a tire on the 202  went to Ford Big O Tire and last Goodyear.
Goodyear was professional had my tire in Stock and charged me almost 125 less then the other two for the same tire.
Great staff and fast service

Had an issue with a radiator blow out while I was down the street from them so I decided to give them a shot.
They were very friendly, showed me what was wrong and what needed to be replaced and took care of me very quickly!

Love this place...ive taken about 3 cars to Niles and he never fails.
I rather not have had to spend as much money as I have on repairs but he has always fixed the problem at a reasonable price!
Definitely would recommend!

