This was by far the best experience I've had with an optometrist's office.
Everyone I encountered and spoke with was friendly and courteous.
They explained everything very thoroughly.
I will definitely continue going to Chandler Eyecare for my future optometry needs.

Chandler Eyecare doctors and staff are the best at helping you with your eyecare needs, whether it be contacts or glasses...and they have a great selection of frames!
We have been going there for 20 years...longer than the current doctors have been there!
But all docs and staff have been great, and that's why we continue.

I found Chandler Eye Care several years ago and have never had a single bad experience.
The staff and doctors are awesome, they are always willing to help and explain the details.
I see Dr. Carpenter and I absolutely love him!
Whether your looking for Glasses or Contacts you will find what you need here, the selection is huge and they even carry all the name brands.
Before I started going to Chandler EyeCare I went to Nationwide Vision for a few years as a young teenager / adult..... Wow... What a difference... in comparison I've determined that Nationwide was just taking my money with no real exam and half the time my glasses script would be wrong.
Total opposite experience with Chandler EyeCare, they care about the exam and make absolutely sure you are satisfied before you leave there office.
I can't say enough good things about this office, you won't be disappointed!

I actually stumbled upon Chandler Eyecare through a Google search.
I was looking for an eye doctor that was close to where I was living at the time.
The entire staff is always friendly and helpful.
I've seen two of the doctors (Van Over and Carpenter) and they are both very pleasant, thorough and informative.
A few weeks ago, I had some irritation in my left eye and I was able to get an appointment a couple hours later the same day.

I love Chandler Eyecare!
I drive 40 miles to this location because I love the friendly staff and Dr. Carpenter.
I've been taking care of ALL of my eye needs from glasses to contacts for at least 15 years now.
I recently brought in my 5 year old daughter for her very first eye exam, they were so good with her and made her feel so comfortable that she was super excited when she learned that she needed glasses due to an astigmatism.
They have a great selection of frames and made if fun for her to choose the perfect one.
Chandler Eyecare always has the latest and greatest from contact and solutions to frames and lenses.
You will not be disappointed.
Lastly, one of my favorite things is the way they utilize email to confirm appointments and fill out new patient forms.
They embrace technology and stay on the cutting edge as far as I am concerned!

I last visited Chandler Eyecare in 2004  and was imressed with the sdervice and professionalism.
I returned to the area recently and in my latest visit found the same high quality care and concern for the patient.
I drove 40 miles to get there and it was worth it.

Does everyone have to wait 10 to 14 days for their glasses to come in?
Nice place, but this is the longest I've ever waited for glasses to come in.
I called and asked where my glasses were after 10 days and they said they still weren't in.
I had called a few days prior as well.
Anyway, while I was drilling her on the phone, "WHAT" they located my glasses that WEREN'T IN YET.
ok.  Good I stayed on the phone and played 50 questions.
My glasses are great!
I still have to wait another few days for the other pair.
At least now I know they are nice but it takes a really long time to get your glasses.

Dr. Giles was great!
The office staff was so friendly and helpful!

Chandler Eyecare-Vision Source is awesome!!!!
This was my first visit to the facility.
Dr. Carpenter was fantastic!!!
He was highly professional, knowledgable, and thorough.
He explained every aspect of the exam and provided excellent recommendations to optimize my sight.
The staff was incredible -- from scheduling the appointment with Chris to paying for my exam.
It was quite evident that the staff loves their jobs and takes great providing superior customer services to clients.
I am honored and proud to say I am now a life-long, loyal customer of Chandler Eyecare-Vision Source.

I've been going to Chandler Eyecare for almost 8 years after moving to Arizona.
I consider myself lucky to have found such a good eye doctor simply by picking one out of the phone book.
The staff is always helpful, friendly, and knowledgeable.
Appointments are easy to make and hours are convenient.

I am one of those people with the whole "don't come near my eyes, don't touch them, don't put drops in, no I wont cooprerate" kind of people.
Just a thing with me ever since I was a kid.
These guys were great.
Office staff was great.
The gentlemen who scheduled my appointment was awesome, the lady who greeted me was awesome and everyone was so friendly.
I saw Dr. Van Over and she was friendly, patient and completely understood by anxiety and did not make me feel bad about it at all.
I know I am an adult, just the unknown makes me anxious and she made me feel comfortable and we were even able to laugh about things.
She didn't pressure me into doing anything I didnt want to do.
Only recommendation I do have, is the first initial 3 eye tests you do before you see the doctor, there needs to be a little more explaining on what's going to happen (especailly the eye pressure test which i hate).
The machine is automated, and I didn't know that.
Usually a little warning is nice, but explain that it is automated and there is no contorl so then I can expect it and work with it.
Other than that, I had a blast.
Got a killer new pair of glasses, had fun picking them out and I will absolutely recommend this place to anyone.
I plan on having my Mom go see them as well.

Excellent staff, the guy who scheduled my appointment was meticulous with appointment reminders.
The other staff were friendly and professional.
I have a difficult prescription that seems to frustrate most other providers I have seen.
I saw Dr. Van Over who was extremely patient and friendly.
She didn't assume I knew about my vision because I have a complex history.
She carefully explained her opinion and options.
I will certainly return for the service.

Had an excellent eye exam yesterday with Dr Christopher Carpenter at Chandler Eyecare.
The staff is always pleasant, and helpful.
All are very professional.
I highly recommend their office!

Excellent Service!
My family enjoys coming here.
Dr Van Over and her staff are really attentive.
thx!

My daughter and I had our first appointment at Chandler Eye Care this morning.
It was easy to schedule an appointment in relatively short notice (I called on Monday).
Our appointment was with Dr. Giles.
He was friendly and was great at explaining my prescription.
The office staff is wonderful as well.
They helped me pick out a cute pair of glasses that were not overpriced.
Needless to say, this is my new eye place.

Dr. Van Over is wonderful.
She is very knowledgable and told me that I have had my farsightedness for much longer than the 1.5 years that I have been wearing glasses.
I was able to pass the sight test at the doctor growing up because I can see far!!
They also have a huge selection of frames and were able to rush the readiness of mine since I snapped my old glasses in half.
I would highly recommend this place!

Dr Giles was great---left with a great understanding  and felt my appointment was very thorough,  I would recommend him with out a doubt.

Being from the East Coast, i was very hesitant about finding a good eye doctor but after many research online, and reading yelp reviews I made an appt with Chandler Eyecare.
I am one of those people who would pay more to get a good customer service.
In this age, it is very rare.
But I found the customer service from the front staff to be exceptional as well.
Dr. Giles was wonderful, and very friendly and thorough.
I highly recommend him to my friends.
I will be returning next year for a yearly check-up.

This is a very professional facility that is knowledgeable and cares for their patients.
Dr. Van Over is awesome and very thorough.
I highly recommend this clinic.

Everyone in this office is great!
They are knowledgeable, professional, and friendly.
I have been coming to this office for 10+ years and even used to drive back for annual appointments when I lived out of state.
I love their selection of glasses and they have always gone above and beyond to work with me on the cost of frames and contacts.
I will never go anywhere else!

Great office.
Competent exam and choices of lenses

I loved the whole staff and especially Dr. Robert Giles.
I am a patient for life!
I highly recommend Chandler Eyecare.

I've been going here for years with my family.
It was easy to confirm that they took Cigna Vision over the phone and I was able to fill out my forms online before my appointment.
I did not have to wait more than 10 minutes  to see the doctor and I was out of there within an hour after picking out my new frames.

The staff at Chandler Eyecare are great!
I was seen promptly and didn't have to wait a long time to meet with the doctor.I met with Dr. Van Over and she was extremely nice and thorough.
The office is very clean.
They also have plenty of frames to choose from.
After the eye exam, a staff will go over your insurance details with you so you know what is covered and how much out of pocket you have.
I haven't received my glasses yet but I'm confident that they will turn out great!
I love this place!
Highly recommended!

We were referred by a coworker.
My wife had a new prescription and wanted to get both sunglasses and progressive glasses.
Lenscrafters seemed to be a bit high (though we've had generally good luck with them, and they do stand behind their work).
So based on the recommendation we decided to have these folks quote the glasses.
The quote for the sunglasses, using the same insurance, was lower than Lenscrafters.
Their frame selection was comparable (maybe a little less, but not a lot).
The staff was friendly and helpful.
And while they didn't have that whiz-bang frame-fitting gizmo that Lenscrafters does, they seemed to get it done just as quickly.
We are due to pick up the glasses in a week or two.
I'll update this review then (you'll know because this sentence will be deleted when I do!

I have been going here just one year.
The office is clean and the staff friendly.
I got Dr Carpenter for my eye exam and had my kids with me.
To my surprise, there was a box of toys under the bench right in the exam room so my toddler could be distracted and not a nuisance!
They also had a big TV and kids' movies in the waiting room so the kids wouldn't be bored while I picked out glasses.
They have some cheaper frames and lots of designer frames, plus sunglasses.
They also have teen and kids frames.
It took about 2 weeks to get my glasses.
Everyone was helpful and seemed to enjoy working there and get along with eachother.
The only bad things: I arrived on time and had to wait a while for my appointment.
Then, they did not give or even offer me a written prescription for glasses.
Maybe because I bought the glasses there?
But other offices I have used gave me one, anyway.
So, I thought it was unusual and frankly a bit cagey that they did this.
The good far outweighed the bad, so they still get 5 stars, but i wanted to mention it, anyway.
I just went back to order another cheaper pair of glasses from them and they gave me a good discount because it was within 6 mos of ordering my last pair.
I got my written Rx this time :) The opticians helped me figure out how I could get what I needed the cheapest way possible, so love the personal touch they gave on that.
They do have some Saturday hours; one day a week they open early and one day they stay open a  little later.
Check their website for sure because I think the sign said hours are changing in May, 2014.

Appreciate to knowledge of the staff and selection of up to date frames.

We have been coming here for YEARS and I love it!
The front office staff are wonderful, friendly, and so helpful.
Dr Carpenter is the greatest - We did try out his associate Dr Giles whom we also loved.
I wish we could have said the same about Dr Van Over.
We felt she was detached, never looked us in the eyes (no pun intended) when she would speak to us, and categorized my husband's problem with his eyes as one because of his age (hes in his mid 40's).
She lacked empathy and the caring nature I found that Drs Carpenter and Giles had.
For our family, she was not the one for us....But the other providers were.
Love this place!

