Overpriced buffets....check  Overpriced drinks......check  Tight paying Slot machines..... check  Lines of people 3 deep behind the penny slots.....check  Valet drivers rifle through your vehicle......check  Their club cards rarely work......check  I think you get the general vibe of this place.
Where do I CHECK OUT!

This morning my husband had the Sunday Brunch Buffet and we were very impressed .
We went to the desk to pay for the buffet (approx $15 ea) and the young lady asked if we had "member's cards"....  we said "No" and she said that if we applied for them that it would entitle each of us to a $20 voucher and a $20 voucher for slot play.
We went over and applied.... took about 5 mins... and went back to enjoy one of the better buffets that we've ever had.
It was a good variety and  everything was fresh, hot & tasty.
The only negative was the scrambled eggs were dry but I find that the case on all buffets.
Plus we also were served ice cold champagne!!!
To top it off.... my husband won $29.00... so we walked out with money in our pockets.
How can you beat a day like this?

This used to be a great casino.
Now it's just an aging casino in the middle of nowhere with surly staff and no remaining competitive advantage.
I used to come here all the time because they had good slots and good BJ.
It seems to me that the gambling has gone done hill and tightened up.
I also went to play video craps, but now that several other casinos in Phoenix have that, there is no reason to drive all the way to Maricopa.
They staff has become rather rude.
And best of all, get this; they ban all outside food and drink.
What casino has ever done that?
I tried to walk in with a bottled water recently and the security guy stopped me faster than I could blink and insist I put the drink in my car.
He says they sell drinks there, so they don't allow anyone to bring drinks.
I've never had that happen at any Harrah's casinos in Vegas, New Orleans, or anywhere else.
It just seems petty and ridiculous.
As if the probability of losing a couple hundred bucks in an hour and a half isn't enough, they have to make an extra $2.25 off of me when I buy a $2.50 can of Coke.
Classless.
There is no reason to come here anymore.
Harrah's comps are harder to come by, and unless you're playing slots with a ton of coin-in, the comps you earn won't make much of a dent toward getting freebies in Vegas.
Come to think of it, if you're playing that much money, just go to Vegas.
If you don't care about earning comps for Vegas, then definitely don't bother driving out of your way to come to this casino.
Most of the casinos in Phoenix/Scottsdale/Chandler have remodeled recently and are much nicer and offer more fun.

The bf and his parents made the trek out to Maricopa to try out the buffet last night.
First of all, the line was REDONKULOUS.
Maybe because it was the seafood buffet night?
Maybe because it was New Years' Day?
Who knows.
But we had to wait a little over an hour to get in.
The "line keeper" and two cashiers had to deal with a jungle outside since a lot of people were frustrated, but once we were in the staff was really nice.
As we were walking to our seats a server grabbed our drink orders and after setting our stuff down we dove in.
I'd say a good judge of the quality of a buffet is how their salads look.
I started off with the caesar salad and the greens were really green and fresh, definitely didn't look like they had been sitting out for any amount of time.
So I started with that, potstickers and some bread.
Second trip, got some steak and grilled chicken, veggies, and wild rice.
Yum yum.
Subsequent trips involved crab legs and shrimp.
I'm not a big seafood person but it was seafood night and you know what they say, when in Rome.
The crab legs and shrimp were really good, and if I hadn't been full at that point I probably would have eaten more shrimp.
There was a LOT of variety and everything (that I had anyways) looked and tasted really good.
I probably wouldn't make the drive out there to try it again, but if I was in the area or someone was willing to take me, I'd definitely go.
Casino: Probably the smallest I've been in, after Vegas and Casino Arizona.
Oh, and the Tokyo Tea I got from the lounge tasted like medicine :( Otherwise, people seemed to be having a good time and I walked away with $65!

I've heard so much about this place, I had to make the drive out to Maricopa to check it out.
It was a long drive from Scottsdale....it took me about 1 hour.
When I arrived, I was surprised at how busy it was.....this place is in the middle of nowhere, but somehow they attract a ton of people!
The slots and tables were pretty busy.
Everyone was having a good time.
The employees were very friendly and welcoming.
It seemed like everywhere I went people were asking me if I needed help with finding something.....very cool.
The only downside is that it's a Harrah's....which means it's not much different than the other Harrah's throughout the country....same decor, same food options, etc.
That's kind of boring to me.
Oh well, I'm glad I got to see this place.
Return Factor - 10%

I went last night and the first thing I noticed is the smell.
Smells like throw up.
The slots was pretty pack and the servers were very friendly.
The beers are price lower than wild horse.
The poker game didn't have many tables so if you like to play it, go else where.

This place is terrible!
The Copper Cactus grill had so many flies, I asked for a refund on my food.
The slots were weird and the whole place smelled terrible and was hot as hell.
I'm disappointed we even came here.

Oh yeah baby - Blackjack out in the middle of nowhere!
Even on a vacation that I did not even think about going to a casino we happened to find this Harrah's and had to drop in for a little gambling action.
This location itself is located a good drive from Mesa where we were staying but since we had been in Phoenix it was not too far.
The casino itself is on the small side, but has a decent amount of slot machines and table games set right in the middle.
Buffet, steaklhouse, and cafe on site.
What I found surprising is that they have a self serve coffee and soda stand for the patrons which was pretty nice.
As it was a Tuesday night I couldn't believe how crowded it was.
Don't know where all these people come from considering it's kind of a desolate location.
Children of the corn out here.
Still, it's a decent little casino with enough games to play.
Did not notice too much cigarette smoke and it seemed pretty clean.
I thought the casino staff was friendly overall too.
We even walked away with an extra $100 so that is #winning!

This place is small in size but huge in value.
I stayed for one night comped and enjoyed the suite and slots.
I don't know if I'd visit again as I  can't imagine returning to AZ but if I ever do I'd stay here again.

Always friendly, great service and excellent crab legs.
Don't waste your time on anything else but the seafood.

Had a blast here with my family, but lost all my money (my uncle was much luckier than I was that night.
) Though it was a drive (an hour from Scottsdale) it was worth it for the 8+ hours we were there.
A few perks were the number of video poker machines, penny slots, and a small smoke free room.
I sort of wish the whole establishment was smoke-free, but take that from a non-smoker.
Lots of parking and it's always open.
We ended up staying tile 5 a.m. and had fun along the way.
We did eat at the snack bar and because my uncle had played so much we basically had our snack comped from all the points on his players card...kinda cool!

Always have a good time here and go often, but never really win anything.

Nice casino with friendly staff; however I do have to admit that I feel like most Casino's are out to steal people's money and that all the games are rigged!
I know it is just a crazy conspiracy theory, but just speaking my mind!
However inside of this place is one of the most luxurious poker rooms that I have seen in my lifetime!
But the A-OK rating is for it being out in the middle of nowhere and cocktail staff is not as frequent as one would expect.

For a rural Arizona Casino experience?
Look no further!
For those comparing it to Vegas- your in the wrong state.
This is a SMALL, TRIBAL OWNED casino- honestly, what were you expecting.
I have NEVER ONCE NOT EVER had a bad time here, the prices on drinks I will admit are hefty- overall, I have been to almost every casino in Arizona- and this is a much better experience then most.
The rooms are SUPER CLEAN and nice, the staff is quick and attentive- and they are very flexible on most things.
The pool is cool- heated with a bar in the pool, and plenty of seating and room to move around.
Are there cons here?
Yes.
Do the pros outweigh them, absolutely.
It's an overall great experience.

I visit the Harrah's AK-Chin casino regularly with my wife.
Visiting this casino was fun and enjoyable.
However, apparently some of the casino managers have developed an attitude that the customer is always wrong in response to complaints.
Some have become very defensive and hostile and have embarked upon a program of customer harassment by posting and enforcing a set of very restrictive rules for the diamond lounge.
In addition some managers and casino hosts in response to inquiries regarding casino policy and rules will blame the AK-Chin Indian community in order to avoid the responsibility for addressing the complaints.

Decided last minute to come spend the night.
Used comp points so price was right.
Requested and received a king non smoking dog room.
The room was very clean and huge.
Lived that they were using "wood" flooring.
Upon check on we received dog bowls, dog place May and poop bags.
They usually provide some treats as well, but they were out.
Casino, well it's a casino, sometimes you win, sometimes you don't.
Buffet, pleasantly surprised at the quality and variety.
Save room for dessert.
The staff, in every part of the resort, casino, dining, friendliest I've encountered anywhere.
If we are ever back in the area, we will be back.

Playing Bingo at Harrahs is fun.
The staff are all very friendly and helpful.
There are pictures of some winners but all the pictures are from 2012 and a couple from early 2013.
Surly people have won some jackpots since 2012 & 2013.
They should update the winners pictures.
All in all it's a fun place to play bingo.

I was not impressed.
First, they really need a better air filter system.
I realize it is a casino and there will be smoke but all the others I have been to have a much better filtering system.
Second, there was a concert there this past weekend and even though being free and having low expectations because it was free, I was not give accurate information.
They said on the phone (since the website did not provide any guidance) that the seats were first come first serve for both shows.
They left out the part where they were handing out wristbands 2 hours prior to each show and that they only had 50 for the first show and 16 for the second.
And each person in line could take 2.
We were there 2.5 hours early to get in line for a seat and were not able to get a wristband.
Luckily, I ran into a coworker who got extra and they were there 3.5 hours early in line.
This information should have been given out so people could plan accordingly.
It wasn't like we showed up at the last minute and expected seats.
For the concert, the stage and area is really small, not what I expected but this isn't my complaint.
When the show started, people were allowed to stand at the bar in front of the seats, blocking much of the view.
So getting the seats were pointless since you couldn't see if you were behind the bar line.
I realize they want to make money on the bar but allowing the people to stand up there and block the show to get the drinks was not ok.
They should have a cocktail server during the show for the bar line.
We won't be back for another one of their shows.
I would rather pay for my ticket and know I am going to have a seat and not be blocked.
Not worth it even for free!

