Went here yesterday to pick up a suit for job interviews.
I was feeling and looking like hell, but Holly made everything so much easier.
She helped me pick out and coordinate the perfect outfit for my interview.
A little steep for the suit jacket ($200), but it looks damn good!

So, this review is for the fancy pants (no pun intended) shiny NEW BR store in the new wing of Fashion Square.
It's supposedly one of their so-called "concept stores", which led me to believe it was going to be huge and fabulous.
Very exciting, and I have already been twice: once on opening night (free cheap champagne and fabulous people watching, like all of Scottsdale's bad plastic surgery in one place) and once this morning.
This store's layout is supposed to be modeled after one's own closet, which is laughable because if my own closet looked like that I wouldn't be shopping at BR.
It's a bunch of little rooms based on "looks" - work, casual, etc.
That's OK, I guess, but it makes the whole shopping experience somewhat disjointed.
I was hoping that they would be carrying a bigger variety of items, but if anything, it's even less than the old store - kind of a bummer.
It was nice to see that the store was well stocked, and that even after opening day hubbub in our anorexic town, there were smalls and extra-smalls in everything that I wanted to try on.
The staff is extremely helpful and responsive, despite the chaos.
The fitting rooms are huge, beautifully decorated, and very flatteringly lit.
They had wicked deals this weekend - get a $25 card for every $100 you spend - that's pretty good.
So yeah... big brouhaha for the new store, but really?
It wasn't worth the press and the free hooch, but it will be always be a must-go at SFS.

For the new and revamped BR in the new wing...
The design of the store is killer.
"Rooms" of certain styles are one of the best ideas I've ever seen in retail.
It was like shopping in a huge closet.
Awesome.
That warrants two stars in itself.
What was NOT awesome were the plethora of bored employees judging people's outfits and disregarding anyone who wasn't wearing all BR.
I felt the superficiality of the store was unappealing.
The prices were also not parallel to the prices asked in other BR stores or online, but that's probably just the markups you get from having the luxury of renting a space at Fashion Square.
Plus, the sale's rack is the size of a small closet.
Give me a break.

This whole "concept" store layout needs to be just that... a concept somebody considered briefly while hungover, and then appropriately discarded.
I've been here enough times now to know that the store is incredibly cramped, difficult to navigate, and at times downright claustrophobic.
The kicker was yesterday, when I was trying to get through the twee little rooms without knocking any displays over with either my purse (not huge) or my shopping bags (not excessive in number or size).
Impossible!
I just wanted to get the F out of there, especially when some toddler started wheeling his own stroller around in a tight area, while his oblivious mother (using that term loosely, mind you) shopped one room over.
Um, no thanks.
And you know what the kicker is?
I almost feel as is their selection got *smaller*.
How is that possible?

I'm a banana kind of girl.
Everyone who knows me, knows this.
I love the concept of this store.
Especially the petites section.
The drive to Chadler can be a bit daunting if you have to do it often, which I do.., so it's nice to have another option.
I also wait for coupons or sales before I make my trip, that way, I am getting great deals.
My last visit, I was able to save over 80 dollars!
Cha-ching.
And I got some great pieces to add to my collection.
Sometimes I have a hard time finding what I want, or maybe am hesitant to spend the money, but all in all, I always leave with a piece that I love.
Current favorite-small black purse Current wish list-leather jacket...  (I'm waiting for a sale or a coupon!

This concept store--one of only three in the States--was an interesting idea, but left me longing for my BR at home.
I liked how the store had a very upscale, contemporary vibe, but it felt a bit like a rabbit's warren with so many rooms branching off the main hallway.
The idea of having different style vignettes in each room is great for people who like to buy whatever the mannequin is sporting, but I feel it makes it harder to mix and match to put your own outfits together.
Also, the rooms seemed overcrowded and rather sterile.
Big demerits for a tiny petites section--or maybe it was just because everything was crammed together in a small room that it felt like there were fewer items.
The jewelry and accessories room in the center of the store scored points with me, though.
The jewelry selection was one of the largest I've seen in a BR.
I can see how this area could get very crowded during a sale, however, since this is also where the registers are.

I adore the new concept store, and not only because we work with this brand (our disclaimer - we work with them, but were not incentivized to write this - there you go FTC, happy now?
)   You have to experience the interesting way that BR has taken the boutique format into one store - very easy to segment your shopping and really nice if you are shopping with your husband as he can go to his own side and you can meet up in the new, amazingly comfy dressing rooms.
If anyone is in this store - ask for Vincent.
He's an amazing help and can find clothes to fit your body the right way.
He used to help me at Ann Taylor in the Biltmore and I'm happy he has transitioned to this store.
The sales "room" in the back is a bit crowded and can be a beast, so be prepared to strongarm for the really good deals.
But the rest of the store allows for good shopping room and the sales staff in generally helpful and nice to deal with.
Be sure to follow them on Twitter - some great secret deals can be found.

I really despise the new BR concept store here.
I used to go to the Fashion Square BR all the time when I lived in Phoenix and I generally liked it.
I've been to this new store 4 times now when I've been back in town, and I just can't figure out how this was supposed to be an improvement.
The store layout is horrible -- with everything in tiny rooms I tend to just glance into a room, not see anything I like, and move on to the next room.
If I do see something I like, I then have to dig in 12 different places to find my size because they scatter the same product in numerous areas in the same tiny room.
The employees seem especially foul here -- they brush right past you on their way through the store without even looking at you.
The "mandatory greeter" they make stand at the front of the store serves no purpose other than (1) to make me feel awkward when I want to look at the product in the front and (2) serve as the social gathering spot for other employees while they ignore me digging through stacks of pants looking for my size.
Given that this is a new wing of the mall and they likely had some say in what kind of space they ended up in, I just can't fathom why they chose this awkward layout.

I used to love Banana Republic.
I stopped by at lunch to buy a few outfits, I wasted quite a bit of time in this store...to an frazzeling degree.
The choppy layout of the new store is annoying.
The clothing line changed drastically so you look like you just came from an overpriced (and cold) beach.
I was looking to dress sharp and professional, not wrinkled and hap-hazzard.
I wanted short sleeves, not flimsy spagetti straps, long sleeved blouses and SWEATERS (hello..its JUNE...and ARIZONA.
)  Banana Republic's new format and collection is a huge FAIL.

Banana, i've always loved you, but I recently wrote a letter to corporate explaining why:   "Hi, I wrote recently to say how I received horrible customer service from the Chandler store, Arizona (Chandler Mall) 2 days ago.
According to the manager at Chandler, I was not able to return clothing that was worn, and also without the tags attached.
However, they were not worn and I was explaining that I should be able to return my items since they were in good condition, were within the return time period, and with original receipt.
The manager at this store said that I had 'obviously' worn it and that I needed to 'calm down and not make a scene' even though I was calm and respectful.
She did not return it for me.
She had a terrible attitude and it was the worst shopping experience.
I went to the Scottsdale Fashion Center last night to try the Banana Republic store there, and talk about a totally different attitude there.
The employee did not question my return or harass me about the condition of the clothing.
(Especially because there was nothing wrong with them from the beginning).
She immediately returned the items and apologized for the Chandler store experience even though it wasn't her fault.
I told her how thankful I was that she didn't see anything wrong with what I was trying to do.
I was impressed by her professionalism and caring attitude.
She restored my view of Banana Republic customer service.
I have been shopping at Banana Republic for many many years.
Thank you for having much more wonderful employees than the bad ones that ruin it for everyone.
Thank you, Sandy"    This specific experience deserves a 5 star for alone... the fact that they saved themselves from my mornonic Chandler experience makes me want to come back.

This store is all right everyone is being nice to me when I came in but it's kinda messy when I ray some clothes inside the fitting room.

Concept Store = Success!!
For a dude that's trying to coordinate an outfit, the sections were fantastic.
Really made picking the right combinations of pieces simple.
Don't get me wrong, I like being unique and coming up with my own style, but the expertly matched outfits/themes were very tasteful.
The only drawback, is it requires you to literally go into every room and look hard to find what you may be looking for.
If you are on a mission to find X,Y,Z this might not be the easiest place to find it without help from an employee.
Very few items were on sale as well.
Maybe this store doesn't have to use sales and gimmicks to attract buyers, but it was worth noting.
Overall, the store is great, and I plan on returning.
Happy shopping!

I came here today for 2 things.
One I had bought an item in Mass.
and wanted to get it hemmed and here in the Valley and two, I had called the day before about a pant that on line and all the other stores were out of.
A lovely girl named Alexis helped me on the phone.
After a short time on hold she came back to say yes, the pants in my size and the color I wanted were there.
She put them on hold for me until closing the next night.
So when I arrived the pants were on hold with my name as promised and they were a perfect fit.
Secondly, a lady named Jan marked my pants and pinned them so they could be hemmed.
Everyone at this store is so helpful and friendly .
It is such a pleasure.
Now I have not been into this store at the Scottsdale mall since they moved the location.
The store is beautiful, laid out very nicely.
Separate rooms with different Ideas in each.
This store carries both men and women clothes, shoes , and accessories.
It is a very shiny store.
Spotlessly clean and everyone is so fabulous in this location.
I think that the Chandler Mall store could learn a little from this place.
My Items were nicely wrapped in tissue, and I had brought a bag with me that they gladly used.
Very lovely experience.
I will be back.

I've been to several Banana Republics in various states, but this store was by far the most impressive.
Every employee was kind, helpful, and most importantly not pushy.
One particular employee, named Cat, stood out thanks to her innate ability to provide great customer service.
I was told she was relatively new to the store, which demonstrates the quality of managers working at this location.
All Cat did was help me pick out a shirt, but the honesty of the exchange is what impressed me.
It wasn't forced, it didn't have a "customer service-y" feel, it was just a fluid process that will have me visiting this store next time I drive in from LA.
To be quite honest, I don't shop at Banana Republic very often, but the 15 minutes I spent in the store today will almost certainly change that.

