So I took both of my dresses (ceremony & reception) from my wedding here to get dry-cleaned...and I was willing to pay and arm and a leg to make sure  my Maggie Sottero and Justina McCaffrey was taken care of, money is not an issue when I knew that I would be trying to re-sell these after they were dry-cleaned.
I asked the nice gentleman at the counter, 'Jason' if they had insurance for these, and he said 'no, but if anything happened to them they would be covered'.
For some reason, that stuck in my head.
The total bill was $150 per dress, costing me a good $300, and one week to wait to pick them up.
A week later as I go to pick them up, the manager 'Jason' and the clerk 'Jason' (interesting how both of them had the same name) were working and showed my dresses to me in garment bags.
I noticed the lacing on the back of my Maggie was gone, and I couldn't see it anywhere.
I asked them about it and they were just as baffled.
They said that it's probably somewhere in the bag, so when I go home, double check it, and if it's not there, give them a call back.
So I drive home, and turn the bags & dresses inside and out and find no backing to the Maggie dress.
I need it obviously since I'm not wearing the dress again, but need to resell it, and there's no way anybody's going to buy this dress without the ability to tie it up!
So I call Jason and explain to him that not only were they missing, my Justina was still very dirty and it looked like it was never dry-cleaned.
To make a long story short, I got my Justina dry-cleaned (for free by the manager this time) , but the beading at the top was missing pretty badly.
They never found my Maggie straps and at this point, I was so frustrated that I just asked for my money back for the dry-cleaning on both of them.
They mailed me a refund check  (which they should have just credited to my account in the first place), it came with a apology letter and a $10 delia's coupon.
Which just went straight in the trash.
I think I was pretty nice during this entire process despite the fact that both of my dresses are unsellable and in worse condition before they went into Delia's.

I come here often.
It's real close to my house and very convenient for me.
They offer what they call a Value Club that I am a part of.
For 5 bucks you get a laundry bag that you can drop off in a bin.
There is no waiting and you get a discount on every item in the bag.
I mostly just launder shirts so my discount is always 15%.
It's a different discount for different services.
The staff is always very nice (they're mostly teenage kids).
The manager hangs out sometimes and gives his customers creepy looks, the only negative that I have.
But they have never messed up one of my shirts, not once in the 9 months that I have been going.
My last dry cleaner would rip buttons off a shirt at least once a visit.
And my shirts are always ready the next day.
If they keep this up I'll never go anywhere else!

This place is spotless and well organized.
I take my company's items here every other week to be cleaned.
They always accommodate my tight turn a round requirements and do so with a smile.
They remember who I am and what I need without me having to remind them.
I will continue to bring my business and personal items here for a long time.
(Please support the businesses in this area during the crazy construction on the Cooper & Warner intersection.
It is making a difficult economic situation even worse.

As one who doesn't do dry cleaners often, I found the service and customer advocacy to be excellent!
Considering the volume of work they do, they do it with a smile and deliver a great pressed suit in rapid time.
If I need dry cleaning again, I'll come back.

When my fiance dropped off ten items to be cleaned at the Gilbert location on Val Vista, he was quoted $4.25 per item.
At pick up, the price had increased 20%.
Not only that, a $300.00 shirt was spotted with grease.
We will not be using this location again.

I get my dresses and coats cleaned here and they always do a good job.
If I forget to print out coupons before I go, the really cool girl at the counter will spot me one.
Once, I needed a dress cleaned for a special occasion at the last minute and they totally accommodated me.

I started going here a few months ago.
They had a bag service that worked pretty well.
Price was ok. Today they lost everything.
I have been sitting here for 20 minutes and there doesn't seem to be anything they can do and they tell me I didn't drop it off.
Now a manger tells me they will do everything they can but they get seven days to find the clothes.
Since I didn't inventory my bag it makes it even worse.
Why would I goto a cleaner that needs me to inventory my clothes?

I'm new in the area and selected Delia's because I received a coupon in the mail.
I was initially satisfied.
They have a bag drop which I like.
On my second visit (or so) I got back my blue dress shirts and on both of them the collar tips were stained a dark blue.
not sure from what.
My girlfriend returned one of them for repair or reimbursement, etc., and told them what happened when she dropped it off.
Today she picked them up and was told she could leave it again for them to work on.
She wanted to leave it but not pay for it and was told she couldn't take the other drycleaning with her if she didn't pay for this shirt....which, by the way, we'd already paid for to get cleaned once prior.
the note the counter guy put on the ticket was "spots on the collar"...nothing about the fact that it was a repair.
I'm livid at the way this is being handled.
"'Stuff happens" but it's how a person or organization deals with it that matters.
Based on my experience and that of those other patrons I've just read about I'd recommend steering clear of these guys until they go out of business.

This branch is getting worse and worse.
Showed up at 10am, as advertised, and no one there.
Tired of waiting and I left at 10:15am with 4 other customers.

We've been using Delia's since they opened at this location, there are several other cleaners in the local area and had tried them all with mixed results (we wont hesitate to change to a different cleaner if the service isn't great, wound up at Delia's and have stayed with them ever since)  Delia's always does a fantastic, timely job.
There have been one or two occasions where a garment was lost  (in what has probably been a decade doing business with them).
They seem to research the incident and ultimately will reimburse.
I appreciate that they do seem to make an effort to look for the garment, and they've never once haggled on the value we placed on the lost garment.
They're not cheap, but they do a great job.

Really disappointed by this place.
Had relatives in town for a wedding And needed same-day laundry service.
I called the place like 8:45 AM to ask about same-day service and was told, "as long as you are hereby 10 AM.
" I arrived at 9:40 AM with the close and asked the lady to have them laundered same-day and she told me, "sorry.
They already picked up the bags.
" She was very polite about it In fact she was a bit snarky In her tone.
I pointed at this HUGE sign that they have hanging in the store that reads in big letters IN BY 10 OUT BY 5 And I Told her it was 20 min.
before 10 and she again said sorry and that was it.
This really threw a wrench  in my day because by this time I was too late to go to a different dry cleaner.
If you're going State same-day service 10 to 5 Then don't tell people on the phone to be there by 10 AM.
Or have An advertisement sign stating that fact.
It's false advertising  and a disservice to customers.

