Helpful staff.
Love going and "picking their brains.
" Great prices and friendly service.
I also enjoy the chickens running around.

My family and I came here on a weekend afternoon to browse since we haven't seen many nurseries around since moving to the area.
We weren't sure what to expect but we have been excited to start planting and wanted to get some ideas.
I'm so happy we came by.
This was a great find.
The nursery is fairly large and has everything from trees, to ground cover, to hanging baskets, and succulents.
The pottery selection is pretty nice as well and decently priced.
We are always checking out tomato and pepper plants, and the selection was a good size and looked good.
I didn't see any certified organic plants, but they do have seeds in the chemical area.
I didn't see any herb plants on the day that we went, and those that they did have looked like they got too much sun, but just vegetables, they have a lot of herb seeds as well.
I'm excited to go back to pick up some plants and flowers, and my kids will be excited to go back and gawk at the birds.

This nursery is much bigger than it looks like from the outside entrance.
It is pretty big, with lots of shrubs, trees, ferns, bushes, and sadly, not very much vegetable plants though.
And what vegetable plants they did have, were mostly wilted and sad.
There is a huge variety of decor and accessories for garden care, and the staff is friendly and asked how we were doing.
The pricing is better than Home Depot but they don't have the plant guarantee/warranty..
I guess you can't ask for much since it seems like a family or small business.
It would just be a nice touch to have.
I'll make note to come back if I am in ever in need for large plants, but for my vegetable gardening, I'm going to stick to Home Depot.

Recently purchase a Fantex Ash from here and had it delivered yesterday.
The tree was amazing and the delivery crew did an awesome job in planting the tree and cleaning up.
I highly recommend you shop here when in the market for for outdoor or indoor plants/trees.

We have always had great service here, have bought a few tomato plants, hibiscus and pumpkins here.
They have all had very good growing success.
(Except the pumpkins, we carved those)  My daughter loves to look at the chickens that are all around the place.
The employees are very nice, one guy talked to me about his family and was very helpful on different types of tomato plants.
I really rather spend my money here than at a big box store.

