I give Headquarters four stars more for the comfort and familiarity factor than the fine dining experience :)  We often head to Headquarters for breakfast and it is standard diner type breakfast and always good.
I usually get an omelet but my boys love the French Toast and pancakes.
Headquarters does not call itself a Mexican Food Restaurant but there is lots of Mexican Food and it is muy good.
I always order the green chili chimi with red sauce.
It is always good with a very homemade feel.

I have lived in Maricopa 5 years and have just tried Headquarters Cafe for the first time, and I kick myself for not trying it sooner.....the breakfast was cooked perfectly and tasted wonderful, very large portions for a very good price.
I will definitely be a regular from now on....I am looking for to trying their lunch and dinners.

Good food, good prices.
Service is average.
Could use extra help when busy.
Only have breakfast, but chips and salsa are tasty.

Had breakfast twice while visiting.
Love the Mom & Pop feel of the place, and there is always a decent breakfast special for a good price.
Looking forward to visiting again.

Tried breakfast here and was quite disappointed.
Bacon looked precooked and the hashbrowns were under done.
Try Sunrise Cafe instead.

Was pretty good for breakfast, not so much anymore.
Not just dirty & rundown, but a general lack of care at all.
No Bueno!

Only one person waiting tables.
Gives our drinks then runs away instead of asking to take our order.
Wait 10 more minutes as she keeps walking by us without looking or stopping.
It's not just this time it's always like this.
Usually don't mind too much but don't have time today to be waiting.
Food is ok, prices ok. Just need more help.

The food was amazing, and the workers were too.

Food was great and service very fast.
Can't ask for more.
Will definitely be a repeat customer.

Went for lunch.
It was awful.

Just a fun place to eat.
Very good food, nice servers and a real treat to be here.
We came by train and this good place to eat, a short walk from the Amtrak station in Maricopa.

Great hamburgers!!!!
I was very skeptical about even eating there because it looks a little sketchy on the outside.
My friend's father told me that they had good burgers so I gave them a try since the food selection in Maricopa is so scarce.
And the burgers are good!!!
It smells a little stale inside so I have never ate inside I always do Togo and I have only had the burger and fries.

Always come for breakfast.
Really good.
Weekends are always packed.
We've come for other meals and I didn't really care that much for them so we just stick to the breakfast.

I am giving two stars mostly because the people that own and run the place are so wonderful...but sadly...and I am soo sorry..the food is horrible.
I have had breakfast and also have had dinner and it was just awful.
I do not feel bad writing this because there are plenty of people, my own family..who think this place is the bomb so pretty sure they won't lose business  The breakfast was greasy and quite frankly no where near as good as Sunrise Café.
And dinner...bleh.
I ordered the #9, crunchy tacos.
I am pretty sure the taco shells were at least from the last millineum or were just plain cardboard.
HORRIBLE.
I had shredded beef...tasteless, not seasoned.
Frijoles were good..but you really can't ruin those, rice was dry, tasteless.
Salsa was more like taco sauce, not bad..just blended into a sauce.
No.
Never again.
Like I said..the people who own and run this place are really really good people, but I am just not a fan of the food.

I enjoy the small hometown feel of the restaurant.
Food is decent and prices are good.

The place was at quarter capacity.
I sat at a booth between other customers and waited while a guy cleaned and set a vacant table.
I saw the waitress come out of the kitchen and visit a table.
She came out one other time and visited same table.
Was she also the cook?
I don't know how else to explain her absence.
It was probably a good five but it felt like every bit of ten minutes before I left, never to be acknowledged.
None of the other four peopled tables were visited in this time, just the one that the waitress visited.

Pancakes, eggs and bacon.
Loved it!
Went this morning with my wife, very pleased.
Big portions, good coffee.
Great all around.

Sun rise cafe is MUCH better plus has more cleaner seating.
The absolute only reason I go her is for my husband and Molly she's a very nice good waitress but the last time I was there, we had a new waitress who was absolutely terrible and rude It only took 10 minutes to get my drink then never did a single one of us get a refill extra napkins nothing just a 30$ check!
Not worth the money I was so upset about the price vs the quality of the greasy breakfast burrito.
Never enough seat wait time is ridiculous and is so HOT in side it's like they never heard of air conditioning!

Definitely a "Mom and Pop" spot.
Been around for awhile and has allot of history with Maricopa locals.
Wasn't busy, but was steady with customers.
Tried the El Juarez Burger and fries.
Pretty tasty.
Customer service was ok.
I've been told that their breakfast is really good.
We will have to check it out.
The restrooms were small and very hot.

