Such a cute second-hand store for an older audience.
However, I was able to find a great selection of classic/vintage handbags in mint conditions, not to mention most are name brands.
Today's promotion was 25% off anything.
Everything's organized and did I mention that the nice sister duo really adds an extra boost of charm to this store.
They were very genuine, nice, and helpful.
How the store works is that you can sell an item for 90 days, client can get 40% of item consigned, store gets 60%.
After 90 days, the item will go to the clearance corner of $5 to &10.
I found a really cute vintage snake skin clutch that's made in Italy, can't wait to use it!

I saw this little store as I was walking past.
I liked the name and figured I would see some high end labels that might interest me.
I saw a couple different things that were nice but couldnt find the price tags so I moved on to see what else they had.
As I was checking out one of the racks the lady that was sitting up front walked over and said right now we have 25% off on something I said oh great so what type of things do you buy or look for?
The lady said in a very snotty tone we dont buy we consign.
I said oh what types of things are you looking to consign?
In the back of my mind I am thinking I have a closet full of beautiful designer clothes with the price tags still on them but I wasnt sure if this was a Coco Chanel type place or Donna Karen for instance and the lady was just so weird when she said well obviously we look for higher end and I am still looking at the rack as shes talking and I see something from the DRESS BARN then the next item I see is COLDWATER CREEK and I am thinking huh?
EWWW Dress Barn is high end?
EWW ok then the snot says we dont buy anything from Walmart.
I was beyond insulted with her crappy ass snotty ass attitude but still looking at the rack wondering wheres the high end stuff and I see SAG HARBOUR.
Bitch please.
You wouldnt know what high end was if it came and hit you in the face.
You are extremely dumb treating me like crap.
There is nothing about me that has ever been Walmart related I can assure you and even talking like this brings me down to your disgusting level.
what would even possess her to say such a moronic thing to well dressed woman?
Maybe she feels I am a lesser being because I am overweight and if thats the case then don't carry my size in your store dumb ass.

I was looking for a place to consign some great stuff, and happened upon Lexi and Celebrity Encore.
I couldn't be happier with Lexi and how easy it was to do business with Celebrity Encore.
They have awesome items in their shop, and prices are absolutely fair for both the consignee and the buyer.
I recommend highly!

Pleasant shop.
Good stuff and some junk too.
Got great deal on a dress and cute skirt.
Its a treasure hunt.

Wow Barbara H. something tells me you have an attitude everywhere you go and you probably torture people who work in retail because you think they are beneath you?
You must have tons of time on your hands to write so much BS about complete strangers and trash their business ... shame on you.
You get what you give when it comes to interactions with people for the most part.
Carol & Lexi are two of the hardest working, patient professionals I every met.
I used to own a boutique as well so I know what it takes to deal with the public.
Celebrity Encore carries price points for everyone's budget, and like every consignment boutique ... it takes time to find the gems ... but isn't that the rush we all aspire to feel when shopping?
My mother recently passed and I happened along Celebrity Encore one day when I needed air.
Carol & Lexi patiently went through hundreds of items, and they were very honest about what would and would not sell.
Carol & Lexi treated my sister and I will respect at all times, and even cried with us sharing stories about the lovely women who purchased  our mother's items.
You do not find that type of heart in most boutiques because the owners usually hire young pretty girls who care more about texting and being on facebook, than connecting with customers making memorable experiences.
Carol & Lexi rock it ... any new people reading reviews for Celebrity Encore ... look how many are wonderful and how many are not.
The truth lies in the majority of the reviews.
Stop in and find out how wonderful these ladies are for yourself!

