This place has been around for about as long as I have.
Everybody's driven by it.
Everybody knows what it is.
This is the kind of place you went to when you turned 18 (or you tried to sneak in when you were still underage) so you could giggle with your friends.
This is that place that usually has a random creepy abduction/rape van parked out front.
It gives off a dirty vibe.
The dirty porn store.
Driving by, you'll think it's just a cesspool of filth.
Actually though, inside it's one of the nicer porn stores in the valley.
I've been in here three times in my life... once when I was 18 or 19 with some friends, once in my early 20s with a girlfriend, and tonight with a friend.
They always seem to keep this place pretty clean, and the staff has always been friendly.
Their selection of stuff seems pretty average.
It's a small store, so don't expect to find some rare item.
Just your standard assortment of porn and toys and lube and stuff.
They do make good use of the space they have though.
This place also has jerk rooms where I guess you can go watch porn and masturbate...
I can't imagine using one of these rooms, but to each his own.
By the way, I don't know how I ended up writing so many reviews about porn stores and strip clubs... the amount of reviews is disproportionate to the amount of my patronage.
Maybe one of these days I'll actually buy something.

Zorba's.
I drove by this place as a kid in the front seat of my mom's 1986 DODGE 600 SILVER CONVERTIBLE and my friend and I were fascinated at what was inside.......................  Then one day a few weeks later at a video store I found the VHS (remember those?
) box for......  "Zorba the Greek.
"  Did he live inside?
Were Greeks perverts?
What IS Victoria hiding in her panties?
OK.......I'm not sure Victoria's Secret ever really entered into my mind that many years ago (did it exist?
)..........but it sounded good at the end of that sentence.
But Zorba is by all accounts a staple of Scottsdale.
Been there FOREVER.
And in this corporate world--not an easy thing to do.
SO........ZORBA...........keep doing what you do best.
What that is today.........I cannot say.
But you seem to know..........

A married man drives up in a shiny mercedes Benz, he's dressed nice, and ready to unwind from a hard day at work.
He walks right in and directly to the left; he knows where he's going: to a booth to watch an adult movie.
he selects which one he wants to see and puts his money in.
this is what we call an adult arcade?
He's playing monkey balls, the adult version.
The other people walking in, just think its a sex shop...lube, adult toys, leather, and videos.
I went in there with my boyfriend one time, and that was the last time.
This place gave me the creeps.
Walking around the arcade and knowing that there wasn't just one person in the booths... guess they were just playing a two player fighting game...I try to keep thinking that to myself...remembering it is just an adult arcade and shoppe.
If you're going there for the innocent thrill of buying items to make your love life better...you're in the right place.
Just don't play in the arcade...it's not the kind you're used to as a kid lol.
And of course you can't go in without buying something...I bought a key chain.

Zorbas should be a Scottsdale historical landmark, if the city council had a clue.
Which history, i.e.
supporting Skysong instead of pimpass hockey arena/tempe marketplace where old Los Arcos was all the way to the wedge, has proven they don't.
But I digress, Zorbas.
Where else in south Dale, can young punks who just turned 18, get kicked out of for recreating  light saber fights with  3 foot (maybe they were 4) neon dildos.
No where thats where.
Also, in regards to that area, long live VR.

Friday night and it's 4am.
You've been drinking with your friends since at least 9pm.
It's Scottsdale, so nothing is open and you've exhausted all the fun you can possibly have laughing at drunk idiots gobble down subs at The Philadelphia Sandwich Company (one of my favorite pastimes).
As you drive down Scottsdale Road you see Zorba's and flash back to your senior year of high school, when you and your friends would go into these places and giggle like the innocent little girls you used to be.
I decided it was high time I revisited this Old Town institution.
Maybe it was the vodka, but I have never felt more comfortable and welcome in a sex shop before.
Usually I get that paranoid feeling that everyone is watching me and keeping tabs on the things that peek my interest.
I asked the nice young gentleman behind the counter to give my friends and me a tour.
He let me ask stupid questions like: -"What's your best seller?
"  While holding the largest double dildo I have ever seen in my life.
Apparently Zorba's sells a lot of those, just is case you wanted to know.
-"How often do you clean these things and are you the one who has to do it?
" In reference to the obvious jack-off rooms.
He kept saying something about no touching being allowed.
He showed me how the little window separating two private rooms will unfog when both rooms are occupied.
So, let that be a warning to you... unless you're into voyeurism I guess.
He continued to indulge my inane questions so that I could get a good laugh.
Maybe he was bored and got some entertainment out of it too.
Thanks Zorba's for being such a good sport.
I hope you will be entertaining Scottsdale's youth for generations to come.

My favorite adult store in Phoenix....just the right amount of sleeze appeal unlike the over bright, over supermarkety chain stores.
Always helpful staff!

I love this place.
The best selection in the valley with the most knowledgeable staff.

Was a nice, well laid out store for its size.
I'm not interested in the " arcade" side, so I didn't go there, and can't comment on that, but I did go in to buy some toys for my wife and I that we had been looking at on their website....
It turned out they were much more expensive in the store, even with shipping, and I ended up going home to order them online.....we can wait for a significant savings.

