A bit of touristy Southwest heaven in old town Scottsdale.
No matter how cheesy it is, I admit that I do stop here if I'm in need of some Southwesty types of gifts or souvenirs.
They have different salsas available for sampling, and salsa is mostly what I get here, although one year we did Christmas shopping here and got an assortment of placemats and coasters and other fairly gimicky, yet somehow appealing stuff for our relatives.
This year I think my dad got me back as I somehow ended up with blue corn muffin mix for Christmas, and I'll bet money that it came from here.
That's OK, I'm not complaining; the thing about stuff from here is it's actually pretty good.
If for some reason, whether you're a local or a tourist and are in need of some AZ souvenirs, I certainly recommend this place - don't wait until you get to the airport, there's nothing worth purchasing at Sky Harbor IMHO.

By popular request I'm reviewing this gem of a shop in the heart of old town Scottsdale.
After all, where else can you buy a candied scorpion?
That's right, here I bought a real scorpion encased in a sickening candy that cleverly resembles amber (anyone remember Jurassic Park?
)  This was prior to New Year's in 2000, I think, perhaps 2001.
Either way, I brought in the New Year by chomping on a scorpion.
This store has all kinds of stuff, like dozens of hot sauces that will rip you a new asshole, literally.
In the back area you can buy Mexican Coke which tastes different because they seem to use actual sugar in their Coke.
Good fun for tourists and locals alike.

This store has it goin on, not the cheapest but they have everything if your on the way the airport and need some gifts fast,  Kick-ass hot sauce?
Got it!
Cactus Candy?
- Got it!
,  Red cowboy hat ?
Got it!
- 5 foot long stuffed rattlesnake?
- Got it!

If you are a QB Shades of the West is your go to receiver.
If you are a WR then this place is the "hot route.
"   I was recently in town with my brother watching some spring training games and we honestly visited Shades of the West at least twice a day for about 4 days.
This place is so packed full of goodies it may take hours if not days to fully discover the gems that are buried underneath other shirts/hoodies and hats.
Shades of the West almost has 5 parts to the store.
There is the home-ware section (glasses, plates, salad servers), the clothing/shoes section (tons of Minnetonka shoes), the food section(features tons of hot sauces, prickly pear cactus goods, spices), the jewelry section and my favorite the random sports clothing section (I unearthed a rocking pair of D-Back Nike shorts).
When you make a purchase be patient, they still write up an old school receipt almost like you are at a Western gold mining plant.
Actually the inside of the store somewhat resembles what I feel a gold mining plant may look like.
Everything in the store is for sale, the things hanging from the ceiling, the chips you taste, the crazy looking NBA All Star 2009 Hat (One of the craziest/best hats I have ever seen) and most importantly the funky looking howling coyote sitting outside.
If you are in Scottsdale take an hour to visit Shades of the West.
I guarantee you will find something there you need or desire.
The prickly pear syrup rocks give it a whirl if you like making your drinks a lil funky.

I was in Old Town for an appointment and walked by Bischoff's.
I remembered that I wanted to check them out to see if they had a particular hot sauce.
I had only been in one other time several years ago, and had forgotten what a unique store it was.
Because I had some time to kill, I not only looked at the hot sauces, but also all their other "stuff".
And what stuff it is - everything from southwestern  foods, baskets, pottery, clothes, t-shirts, travel books, cookbooks, hats, tourist souvenirs - you name it, they have it.
It kind of reminds me of the old general stores that still exist in small towns - a little of everything, but with a southwest flavor.
Crowded, narrow aisles, no rhyme or reason where they stock things - but still fun to look through.
I never did find the particular hot sauce I was looking for, but I did manage to find three others that I took home to try.
And I'll be back, if for nothing else  just to look through their assorted merchandise for that elusive  touristy gift.

I was hunting for outlaw/western knick nacks for my event.
I knew that the Old Town shops were the place to go, but I had one in particular in mind.
After walking by Bischoff's several times over the years, I finally had an excuse to walk in with reason so I jumped at the chance.
The verdict is that this shop was everything I was hoping for and more.
This place is packed wall-to-wall with stuff.
Legit stuff.
They have everything from cowboy boots and cowboy attire, to novelty foods perfect for gifts from the southwest and event sports attire from particularly every team you can imagine: and when I say every team, I mean it.
They even had KU stuff.
To the left of the store, the walls are lined with cowboy boots, leather, moccasins, belt bucklers and western purses.
In the back, you'll find every type of "gift" such as outlaw bbq sauce, tombstone chili, scorpion suckers and prickly pear gummy bears.
In the back right of the shop, they have rows and rows of cowboy hats that vary in price.
Throughout the rest of the stores, you'll find sports attire (Giants, A's, Bears, U of A, ASU, KU, Cubs, etc, etc, etc).
Then in the front right of the store, they have plenty of Native American gear as well.
This is a one-stop-shop for anything you need that's themed around Arizona; whether it be cheesy or authentic.
You'll find it here.

Shades of the West has been around for a long time, since 1971 and has a bunch of southwest crazy crap that you can take back to your relatives.
What?
You actually thought I was going to write a review that was serious?
From hats to kitchenware, gourmet spices to moccasins Shades has it all.
They also sell the popular Painted Ponies collection at their store and on their web store.
They have chips and salsas, hot sauce, Ass Kickin' food products, prickly pear, glass, gift jewelry, hand-weaved baskets, cook books, live cactus and all sorts of southwestern knick knacks.
Don't leave without your scorpion encased in a dome gift.

On a mission to find some University of Michigan apparel that fit my pregnant body, I started my search with a phone call to Sports Authority.
I struck out there within minutes as I was told that they only carry AZ team apparel.
Shucks!
Luckily for me, Lindsey F overheard my conversation and suggested I call Bischoff's Shades of the West.
She remembered seeing a ton of college apparel during her last visit to this touristy store with all kinds of inventory including Western wear, food products, jewelry, etc...
I skeptically called and sure enough, Bischoff's carries UofM apparel as well as all kinds of sports paraphernalia including hats, t-shirts, shorts, keychains, and more from the NCAA, NFL, NBA, NHL, and more!
I headed over that afternoon and found what I was looking for... and now I know where to go when on the hunt for all kinds of random items from AZ novelty gifts to college football attire.
Thanks Bischoff's, and "go blue!

This place rocks.
Huge store with just about anything you can think of that screams Az, Az tacky, Az local, or how to impress my back east friends or out of town guests.
( ie- Kick Ass/Az hot sauce, Tombstone hot mustard, cricket lollipops-lol) I like shopping in here.
The staff was very nice as well.

everytime i need a tourist gift, i stop here first.
it has everything an out of towner would need from arizona...including cactus in a box!
i will say this...i would love to have some of the goodies they offer...i love the iron work they sell, the dia de los muertos figures...the masks and the crosses... but it's just so darn expensive.
if i didn't live here and wasn't el cheapo, i could find lots of cool stuff in here, but as it is, i want a better price and old town scottsdale is not the place to find a cheap price.
but it's always fun to take out of town visitors here to let them browse the numerous rooms and "alleyways" within the store.

Bischoff's is THE go-to place if we ever need an Arizona-type gift for someone.
It's also where I bring all of my out of town visitors if they want to buy gifts or get something to remember their trip.
This place pretty much has everything you want: clothing, jewelry, food, household stuff, kids stuff, books, etc.
There are always people shopping in there and if you don't find something here, you probably won't find it elsewhere!
Of course, tourist shops tend to be a little pricey, and this one is too, but they do have some affordable things.

I went into this store in hopes of getting this cute bag I saw in the window the night before.
So I'm excited about getting my bag.
I walked into the store, NOBODY greeted me at all.
Everybody looked, but nobody said anything to me.
I'm like wtf is this about?
I proceeded to go look at the bags and another lady walked in and she was greeted so I knew the workers could talk.
Anyway I still looked at the bags and planned on getting one, but I refuse to buy anything from a business that acts like this..
They just lost 150 bucks...

