I typically don't Yelp about fast food restaurants, but this one really deserves the five star rating!
I come here during my lunch break at least once a week, and the service is always super speedy.
Whether there's a line of one or seven, they always seem to prepare the food and keep the line moving quickly.
As far as the quality of the food goes, it's just like any other Subway.
I do a 6" tuna on wheat, and it's always made exactly how I like it!
It's MUCH faster than others locations I've visited.
I will definitely continue to eat at this location :)

It was my son's 3rd birthday party and we decided to keep it simple and order 4 sub sandwich trays from Subway down the street.
Best decision we could have made.
They made it so easy for us and did a fantastic job!
Quite a few people at the party mentioned how good the sandwiches were and couldn;'t believe they were from Subway (don't know why).
They gave us a ton of veggies on the side and even more condiments.
Everything was ready right on time, food was fresh and made as we had ordered it.
We will definitely use them for our next party.

Review is for food only, not service, which was fine.
I guess this is more of a generalized review for ALL Subways.
Went here as I was in a rush.
I suppose Id forgotten how bland their offerings really are.
The bread is tasteless and light, sort of like styrofoam.
I simply cannot tell the difference between the chicken, turkey and tuna they serve there.
It just tastes like something cold and wet in my mouth and that's about all there is to it.
The cheese is basically wax.
Again, I challenge anyone to differentiate between their Swiss, provolone, American and cheddar.
As with the meat, they put only a small cut on each sandwich.
Subway still continue to load their sandwiches with shredded lettuce, which is the dominating ingredient in all their sandwiches.
Just an awful meal.
I strongly Subway -and its customers -  give Duck and Decanter a try.
This should be the template for any company wishing to create a serious sandwich.
I could make a much better one myself.
In fact, that's what I'm going to do right now.
Good riddance.

Overall good food and location!

Gets the job done in a rush.
This location is particularly well staffed and quick.

As a lover of Sandwiches, I go to Subway often.
This particular location was pretty good.
The Sandwich Artists here make a decent Sandwich.
I always order a 12" BMT, toasted, w/Jalapeno Chips.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-18?select=dCxAYIvBMflevLO-Z74DcQ#dCxAYIvBMflevLO-Z74DcQ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/subway-scottsdale-18?select=XHfncdWryhp59LUaQ6sMhQ#XHfncdWryhp59LUaQ6sMhQ  Overall, it's a solid spot to grab a quick bite.
Return Factor - 75%

