I rented a U-Haul from here to move last summer.
It took me 2 days to even get someone to answer the phone to take my reservation and they ended up not having the truck size that I needed.
I made the reservation for a Friday and a Saturday so I would have enough time to move without being rushed.
When I went to pick up the truck the Manager rudely asked me if I really needed 2 days to move?
I said, I did, which is why I made the reservation for 2 days.
He then said, 'you seriously need to have the truck for 2 days while shaking his head'.
The manager also walked into the waiting room smoking a cigarette and when he saw me looked ticked off that I was there and put the cigarette out.
He also gave me a hard time about purchasing the insurance and was just overall surly and rude.
I give it one more star because the guys who worked in the garage area where we actually picked up and dropped off the truck were very nice and helpful.

I loved this place - it was the end of the summer and I had just a week to move out, at a time when everyone in this area was doing the same (college students and whatnot).
After making an online reservation, I decided I couldn't waste time, so I called up the office.
The owner was helpful and suggested that I come in any time before 7PM.
I was worried about finding an available storage unit, especially in the smallest size and at the lowest price ($30 for a month), but I was able to get into one for no money up front (except the cost of a lock) and move in that same night!
This facility is clean, the management is nice, it is quiet, I feel safe and offers all-hours access (just ask).
Very easy to work with, and I will definitely use them again.
When they called to inform me that my payment was due (and a day late, no less), I told them that I had moved out a week ago and the nice young man helping me said "Oh, well, since you used it for less than a month and we have a BOGO offer going on, we won't be charging you at all.
" How great is that?
All I had to do was come in and get a receipt.
Absolutely recommended.

Creeper alert.
A little over a year ago, I moved to Scottsdale, and returned my U-haul here.
No big deal.
Thought nothing of it.
Today, I returned to buy some packing materials.
As I walked in the store, things were laid out in usual clustershuck fashion.
Boxes and whatnot in no order.
The first item I wanted was bubble wrap.
To pack my vintage action figures, beer glasses, and whatnot.
Of course.
The moment, I touched the bubble wrap, and attendant quickly approached me and asked if I needed help.
I said, no thank you.
Then he stood there.
And stared.
At me.
Like a rapist.
Yeah, I said it.
Like a freaking rapist.
He didn't move.
He just stood there and stared.
I didn't know what to say, other than, I don't need any more help.
After the longest 10 seconds of my life, I said, "so....this bubble wrap...it's made of high quality plastic eh?
" And the Jackass still didn't catch my drift.
At this point, I whipped out my credit card and said, let me just pay for this.
I had a ton of other stuff to buy, but I felt so freaking uncomfortable here because of the U-haul rapist.
I am never coming back.
If you need packing supplies, need to rent a truck, or are planning on moving, don't come here.
Your soul will be stolen by this guy.
Thank God, I rented my truck from Penske.
U-haul?
More like U-fail.

I just came here to buy boxes and tape, the guys were helpful and helped me carry the two bundles of boxes to my truck.
They even recommended buying the brown tape vs. the clear tape and dispenser and I absolutely grateful for that!
It saved my ears the annoying ripping of the tape and was so easy to use and super strong!
I didn't use everything I bought and the return was super easy, they just needed the card I made the original purchase on.
Piece of cake!
Thanks guys!

We dropped our rental truck of at this location two weeks ago.
This week we realized we had left a really important document (I.e.
marriage license) in the cab of the truck.
I called frantic hoping that somehow they could help me track this down.
I talked to a very nice man, Jose who was very understanding and went out of his way to help me find it.
He called two nearby locations where the truck had been to see if they might have seen it.
And thankfully enough, the second place had it.
I couldn't be more grateful for this man to go out of his way to help a complete stranger find something very important to them.

This is by far the worst experience I've ever had with any company in my life.
I made a reservation for a 17' truck weeks in advance for my move from Phoenix to California.
I received an order confirmation from Uhaul that confirmed a 17' truck would be available for pickup from the location at UHaul of Scottsdale (3033 N Scottsdale road).
I also used the uhual website to schedule loading and unloading service.
Upon arriving on 6/30 to pickup my truck, I was informed that they could not give me a 17' truck.
They had sent the truck out with someone else.
They also could not give me a 19' truck.
Their only option was to give me a massive 26' big rig which I was not comfortable driving across the state.
After yelling at them, they finally were able to locate a 19' truck way up in north Scottsdale.
Since I was pressed for time (moving is pretty damn stressful), I accepted but only because I had no other option.
To add insult to injury, I was charged $60.00 more for the larger truck AND I lost 2 hours on my moving day do to the mixup and extra time it took to travel up to North Scottsdale to pickup the other truck.
As a result, I lost an hour of scheduled moving time with the loading service I had scheduled.
Unless the store reimburses me for the extra charges I incurred and the hour of time I lost with the pre-paid moving service, I plan to raise hell with UHaul corporate.
I had a reservation for a 17' truck.
They had my credit card on file.
There is no excuse that the truck was not there.
I trusted what I thought was a reputable company to help me with a big move and they failed miserably.

Overall good experience.
I was disappointed that after I had called ahead and reserved a trailer for my specific vehicle model that they never asked if I had electrical ready for the trailer lights.
However, they did install a wiring kit for me the next day for $100.
It cost me a day, but they were professional and helpful.

Regarding UHaul's "Family of Companies," poor customer service, illegal policies, rudeness, and inability to understand the definition of words used on their own contacts:  I ordered a U-Box from UHaul and picked it up (and returned it for shipping) on 6/12.
As per their confirmation email to me, it was GUARANTEED to arrive at it's final destination 6/22.
It did not arrive until 6/26.
I was informed by a local UBox representative that it would be no problem to get the UBox sent to a slightly more convenient location.
I kept in touch with her for several days and she then told me she had tried to speak to the shipping department.The shipping department had told her there was no way to change the destination without calling the (undisclosed to me) third party shipping company.
Then they told her they couldn't do that as they didn't have a working telephone number for the shipping company!!!!
Every call I have made to UHaul, be it a specific location, regional office, or corporate headquarters has been handed off when I ask about getting a partial refund.
Every person directs me to call another office.
When I was finally able to get in touch with the originating Madison, WI office, the person I spoke with (supposedly the shipping manager- Brandon Fiddler) was incredibly rude to me as said flat out "I see it was shipped late.
That's how it goes.
I'm not giving you anything.
" I called corporate, after speaking to this man, I was told that I apparently threatened legal action so they won't speak to me any longer and have closed my case?
Seeing as how I never threatened legal action, I find this preposterous, and I challenge them to produce the recording I did so in, since they record all phone conversations.
UHaul has taken moving, an already stressful experience, and made it completely miserable.
I have spent more than 7 hours on the phone with them, and can't get any resolution at all, and generally, receive nothing but insolence.
They love to tell you that you have to contact the originating office or the receiving office or corporate or that the people you need to speak to are all away at the moment and have wildly unpredictable hours.
In addition to all of this, I had initially rented a trailer as well, and had a hitch installed on my car.
The day comes to go get my trailer and they (surprise) don't have it.
They make me drive out to the middle of friggin' nowhere to get it, 5 minutes before this gas station that does UHaul on the side is closing.
We do the paperwork and he's ready to connect my trailer- except the hitch is incomplete!
I had to run around this tiny town trying to find the remaining parts and lucky for me this nice guy stayed late.
What a complete nightmare.
Update: A very nice guy at the original location approved roughly 30% of my expenses/ demand for money back.
But that only happened AFTER I filed a complaint with the BBB, which is still going back and forth.
FILE A COMPLAINT WITH BBB ASAP, that is likely the ONLY way they will even pay attention to you.
Also, do some googling on it, their customer service isn't the only thing they like to pass blame from office to office on.
If you sue them, you have to sue the corporate office in Phoenix.
They will say it's a family of franchise companies and pass the blame, but that's how the actual law behind it works, and they will lose.
Oh- in addition, in the process of researching, I found this guy's story, READ IT.
http://dontuseuhaul.com/index.htm  I encourage you ALL to file small claims against one of the WORST companies I have literally ever dealt with in my life (and that includes Charter)!

