holy cow man....we use this wal-mart because it is so close to us, but what a freaking hassle.
there can be 50 people waiting to check out, but they will NEVER, EVER open more than 2 registers.
it's a regular wal-mart (not a supercenter), so it's a bit ghetto.
but they do have a redbox which is a plus.
however, only in my hometown of south georgia have i seen a more obese, sad, and slothful display of shoppers.
hoochie mama's, extremely overweight people (riding the motorized carts nontheless loaded with cheeto's and wal-mart brand soda), and my pet peeve, again too freaking lazy to put away the shopping carts.
the parking lot has no less than 1000 carts, while the store itself may have 5 carts inside.
but, love it or hate it, wal-mart offers mostly the cheapest place to buy stuff that you can return in any condition, no questions asked.

Compared to the other Walmarts in the area, this place should be torn down to the ground.
It looks old and outdated.
This isn't a Super Walmart.
It's dirty and filthy.
Stained walls and floors, the racks look like they haven't been cleaned in years.
Ugh!
I don't understand why people still go here.
I guess it's close but the products on the shelves are nothing compared to other Walmarts.
I only go here is I need shampoo or kitty litter.

As much as I try to  avoid WM there is always a last minute something I need, school supplies, TP, paper towels, laundry detergent, etc...
Especially now that they have renovated and are open until midnight.

Its a remodeled WalMart so everything is clean and pretty state-of-the-art (for a walmart).
They dont sell beer - downfall  Also, I had photo orders from walmart.com come here and I was not informed of one delivery so after a few weeks I went and asked about it (since half the order had shown up weeks prior and I picked it up).
They were keeping track of how long it had been there, but hadnt bothered to call me.
They said it was long distance so they couldnt call out..........ok..........maybe let walmart.com know that so they can email alert me?

This particular Wal-Mart has gone a major renovation.
It is really clean store and well kept.
Unlike most Wal-Marts, they have put a Subway inside instead of a McDonalds.
This is now  Super Wal-Mart, so it has even groceries.
The interior of this store looks much like a Target, but has the Wal-Mart prices.
You can practically find everything here except alcohol.
It is right next to the 101 Freeway off Chaparral Exit, so its easy to find.
Most Wal-Marts are notorious for long waits, but there is self-checkout as well, which speeds up the process.

My Son needed a graphing calculator for his Algebra class, so I stopped by this location to look for one.
It was 3 pm on a Wed and the place wasn't busy at all.
I waited for 5 minutes or so for a person in Electronics to help me out.
He showed me where the calculators were located and he unlocked the display so I could purchase the one I needed....it was $106!
WTF?!
Who knew these damn things were so expensive!
My HP 12C Financial Calculator only cost $80 or so.....but that was back in 1997.....now I feel old.
The store was well organized and clean.
More importantly, the parking lot was easy to navigate and get in/out of conveniently....sometimes that's not the case when dealing with Wally World.
Return Factor - 90%

Clear and big isles, very different than what I used to in Los Angeles.

We all go to Walmart for the same reason--it's cheap, and it's cheap.
You know you can pretty much get stuff here for less than anywhere, and that goes for most if not all of the departments.
For this reason, we go no matter what it looks like, even if it's run down or has only one register open.
This Walmart makes your experience a little nicer since they remodeled it.
They have more to choose from in terms of home decor and a nicer, easier-to-find-stuff layout.
Since it is Walmart, they still could use a few more registers open, (but it seems an improvement) and they returns dept always has a wait line.
I feel myself aging every time I have to stand in it.
I would have continued to come there though, because, it's Walmart, and the closest one to me.
So I do appreciate the effort of the remodel.

maurice is a kind, helpful walmart associate that can direct you to anything in the store!

Ok - first, I wouldn't normally write a review about Walmart; but...I stopped here today on a whim to buy some school supplies as a donation.
I was skeptical at first because I am not sure if you noticed, but when they were remodeling this place, the crew switched the M and W (which looked ...well...'Walmartish')...and I believe someone even posted the picture of it here on yelp.
Anyways, out of need and convenience, I stopped.
Much to my surprise...the inside, and outside were really clean, and the inside was really open.
I didn't spend a ton of time in here, but I have to admit I was impressed.
I hope the Walmarts that I go to get this refreshed look...as it really did seem to relax me, unlike my typical experiences!
So my advice - which is the same as I wrote in my 'quick tip' - hurry and check it out before it get's trashed like all the other one's in the Valley!

rarely do i come to wal-mart and not find what i need.
since my first review, they have updated this location to a Super Wal-Mart and it's a big improvement.
i like how they at least offer Subway instead of Mcdonalds.
i only hope it stays clean and tidy, but they still only have very few registers open even when it's busy, and alas, i have yet to find that happy employee looking to go out of their way to help me.
i like wal-mart...it serves it's purpose.

Total disaster.
I hardly ever go here except for the odd occasion when I need some obscure item.
Today I needed two such items so I headed over to wal mart.
And wouldn't you know it!
They were out of both!
All I wanted was some sugar free vanilla coffee syrup and a pair of brown dress shoe laces.
They had a dozen other coffee syrups but no sugar free vanilla.
And they had at least 20 different types of shoe laces but not one pair of brown dress shoes.
I could see the prices for both items but this store was clearly out of stock.
Maybe this is an indication that the end of the world is near because if wal mart starts running out of food our society is doomed.

I have two words: Hand Sanitizer!
You will need to bathe in it after spending any length of time here.
I will begrudgingly admit that this location did improve since it was "remodeled".

Had to run to walmart late night the other night for some cat litter.
Literally every person in the store was either rude or just completely uninterested in helping locate what I needed.
They were doing a remodel which meant that everything was not in it's normal place.
Let's just say I won't be going back to walmart any time soon.

I despise Walmart in general, however, when I got a CVS quoted $80 prescription for $4 they won me over a little bit.
Of course, waiting on it to be filled I spent the $76 I "saved"...

Odd layout at this Walmart, and once again annoying employees that have to make smartass comments about your checkout.
"Hey, did ya leave any vegetables in the produce section?
" "No.
None in the freezer section either.
" "Are you going to eat all of that.
" "Nope, just buying it to let it rot.

It's Walmart!
Decent stuff at cheap prices with interesting people abound.

I hate walmart.
everything about it.
but sometimes, they are the only joint in town.
If you gotta go, this is the one to go to.
It's less people of walmart and more like normal society, which is nice.
The staff doesn't all seem like lepers and are willing to help on occasion but don't press your luck.
It's walmart.

I hate walmart.
everything about it.
but sometimes, they are the only joint in town.
If you gotta go, this is the one to go to.
It's less people of walmart and more like normal society, which is nice.
The staff doesn't all seem like lepers and are willing to help.
The store was relatively clean and the overall experience didn't have me leaving thinking I needed to delouse, but it could have just been a good day, or good lighting...or both.
After all it is still Walmart.

Where to start....
I used to shop here a LOT and still do sometimes (due to it being so close to my home), but the place is well below the standards that every other Walmart seems to have.
I have read Made in America (Sam Walton's autobiography), and he would roll over in his grave to see this location.
I would like to note first and foremost that the Pharmacy always gives excellent, consistent quality service.
We have had two cars damaged just from simple oil changes here (I know, partially our fault for going back).
One they stripped the threads on something requiring a trip a to an ACTUAL car repair shop (where we should have gone in the first place), the other they simply didn't put the oil cap back on and I realized it after about 20 miles of freeway driving when the engine gave me trouble, smelt like burnt oil and when I opened up the hood it was EVERYWHERE.
They told me they reviewed the tape and their oil change guy (I hesitate to use the word mechanic) did nothing wrong.
I was also told the manager would call me after talking to an assistant manager, however, this never happened.
This bugs me more than anything else, even the damage to the vehicles.
I don't know if it was a mistake on the assistant managers part or if the stores general manager just didn't want to talk to me, but it is absolutely inexcusable from any angle with a company that (usually) has as good of customer service as Walmart does.
Also, many things are consistently not stocked if you go in the evening.
I know they only stock overnight, but I don't understand how they can so consistently not realize that certain items simply need more stock on the shelves.
Employees often smoke immediately outside the front doors close to closing time so  you can't avoid the smoke.
Definitely the second worst Wal-Mart I have ever patronized.
On the bright side, the frustration with this location has made me realize how much better, cleaner and competitively priced the Safeway down the street is!

AVOID NO-NAME ELECTRONICS AT WALMART, AVOID THEIR EXTENDED WARRANTY....Bought a tablet online (Dopo), stopped working shortly after receiving, used extended warranty to return, took 2 months and many calls to get my refund; actually received "gift certificate" that store manager said I could only use to buy something from store, and would not recognized for cash refund.
After 30 min.
of back and forth, they finally refunded my money, and said they had not refunded my money immediately because I had mentioned I returned an iPad.
Actually the gift certificate clearly stated it was redeemable at any store, and the bar code would have given them all the info they needed.
Bad experience for entire process.
If I had not insisted, they would have had the failed unit I returned AND my money.
Walmart, you should treat your customers better....otherwise, "SEARS".

Time for a review update.
This Walmart has a nice selection of guns and ammo.
I recently stopped by to look at their AR-15's so I could get some comparative prices before this weekend's gun show.
The guy working the gun section was very friendly and allowed us to check out each gun in the case we were interested in.
Will definitely come back for the ammo, which is hard to find nowadays.
Return Factor - 100%

NOT A 24 HOUR STORE!!
Even though it says so in Walmart.com... And I hate false advertising...
Especially at 5:30 in the morning

Absolutely most incompetent store...
Zero customer service.
Unfortunately I will continue to return but I dread going to this store more than anything... it's not worth the few extra dollars you think you save.

I feel that Wal-Mart is pretty inexpensive, except for the clothes.
I feel that I can get brand new clothes at the mall for the same price or cheaper.
The employees are nice, and it is clean here.
Ironically, I feel that they can do a better job cleaning the cleaning supply aisles, though.
Other than that, it is clean.
I am a bit surprised that they have a little bit of organic produce; I jumped on that opportunity.
:-)  I always get sucked into buying things I don't need and didn't know I wanted.
A couple days ago, I just planned on getting fruits and veggies at Wal-Mart, but I also got a throw for my couch, a fancy clipboard, an accordion folder, and a box of fifty manila folders.
Why, Wal-Mart, why was it so tempting?
Haha, I guess those items are good to have, anyway.
:-)  This Wal-Mart location is pretty good.
I try to shop at mama and papa shops, too, so that other places can prosper.
Wal-Mart is good for some things, and mama and papa shops are good for other things.
Bottom line,  this Wal-Mart is clean, convenient, and low-priced.
:-)

Finally a clean Wal-Mart with no long lines, no panhandling, no drama.
The oversize aisles are free of clutter and debris.
The shelves are well stocked.
And the associates are happy and ready to assist.

This Wal-Mart have no shopping baskets.
Soo I need to use a shopping cart for my three items.
They need to clean the parking lot of all the shopping carts more often

