Just came in today with some coins my father left me.
I went in with a moderate idea of what I could get based on some internet research.
After he looked at them I got DOUBLE what I thought I was going to get.
The man who helped me was very nice and told me about the coins I brought in and how to care for any future ones I gather.
The shop is small wth a huge selection of other older coins I was really impressed.
Overall the transaction was pleasant and informative versus some other places that I have gone to.
Will be going again.
Thanks a lot.

I am in the area for a few days and was excited to check out this shop when I saw it.
I was only browsing and am not a collector by any means.
Who knows though, it could be something I could get into.
I looked around a little and tried to be pleasant with the shopkeeper.
I didn't speak much at all but the more I said or asked the more irritated he appeared.
I was only in the shop for about 5 minutes, how much can a guy say in five minutes (a lot less than I am typing here).
He even responded with, "I don't care.
" to start one of his responses.
Everybody is entitled to an opinion but what kind of PR is that?
I then asked what part of his collection he enjoyed the most.
He responded with, "I don't get in to that.......that's like asking what your favorite color is.
"  I said something else and used the term collection and was called on that too.
"This isn't a museum and it is not a collection, it is all inventory and it is all for sale.
"  Well, they say if you can't say something nice, don't say anything at all.
I was so frustrated by his lack of people skills that I couldn't even say thank you as I left the store.
This guy should do Scottsdale Old Town a favor and hang up his hat and either hire someone to run his business or close up shop.
Don't go to this shop unless you are serious about buying or selling something.
If you are going in to possibly spark your interest in a new hobby, you this guy will just pop your bubble and turn you off from the idea of collecting coins.

For several years I have seen this coin shop as I drive down Scottsdale Rd.
Each time I thought to myself, I should really stop in there and check it out... it's gotta be pretty good to be a small shop in Old Town, right?
Wrong.
I finally got a chance to go in yesterday, and I can say that I certainly won't be back unless I hear there are staffing changes.
My father and I have been building a coin collection that he started when he was a kid.
I thought it would be a perfect Christmas gift to get him a nice coin, so while holiday shopping in Scottsdale, I asked my fiancé to stop in to Republic Rare Coins with me.
At first glance, the store looks tiny.
And it is, but it's organized well to hold a decent inventory.
The man at the counter greeted us with a quick "can I help you find something?
" and I responded that I was just browsing, seeing what all he had.
The fiancé sensed that the man had lost interest already, so he mentioned to the man that my father and I had quite the coin collection, hoping to redeem the possibility that he thought we were just browsing like we were in a museum, rather than with the intention to buy.
I don't think this guy even acknowledged the sentiment.
We went on about looking through the different cases, commenting on a few particular coins, with ideas percolating with potential gifts or additions to the collection.
When I noticed a case of foreign coins, I asked the man if he purchased them too...
I have several, but I don't know a lot about the foreign ones and don't have the same interest as I do US coins.
He mumbled "no" without even looking up from his book, and ignored my follow-up statements about my question.
It was about this time I started getting the feeling that I wasn't welcome.
The man clearly had no interest in helping me or engaging me, and I felt as though I had intruded when he didn't want to be bothered.
He got a call, and suddenly he was Mr.
Personality!
He was very friendly on the phone, talking to someone who must have been a close friend or family member.
He mentioned that he was bored in the shop, and went on to make a few racist remarks... both are awesome things to do when you have customers inside.
The shop is the size of a small kitchen, it's not like we can't hear.
I'd wager that this shop stays in business based on this guy's inner-circle providing business, and outsiders are unwelcome.
He continued to blatantly ignore us, even as I showed real interest in a few things.
When my fiancé asked if I wanted to buy something, I said I kinda did, but I didn't feel like he wanted to sell them to me.
He agreed, and we decided to move on.
As we left the shop, there was no acknowledgement of our departure, no "Thanks for stopping by", not even a "see ya later".
Nothing.
This shop might be great, if there was any customer service.
I felt so unwelcome I actually decided not to make a purchase, which is saying a lot.
This man is totally rude and is driving customers away.
I'm even more motivated to find another local seller I can establish a relationship with so I can continue my hobby.
It might be time to hire a sales associate to handle the day-to-day or hang up your hat, sir.
You're giving numismatics and coin sales a bad name.

Such a disappointment.
Erin M gives the full story on this one, but I had to accentuate the poor customer service in this store.
Not only did the clerk (owner?
) barely acknowledge us, he clearly made evident his disdain for us by never looking up once and stopped answering questions.
The store is tiny.
I'd call it intimate if we had been treated with some semblance of respect.
I tried to make friendly conversation and made some remarks about buying that were to no avail.
When the phone rang, his very bland greeting instantly changed as he chummily gabbed with his friend about his day.
He very loudly exclaimed how bored he was, talking briefly about something coin related, then dove right into politics, making very pointed, borderline racist commentary.
My fiancee and her father have collected coins for years.
We came in as buyers and were rudely turned away.
So, I advise you, find another store and stay away from this one.

