This Agency Rocks!!!
The best new faces and experienced talent in the entire Valley of the Sun!!!
Don't let the fact that I am an agent there be any deciding factor on whether or not to call to book talent or submit your pretty face.
Open calls every second Wednesday of each month from 2-4pm, if you dare.
We are the only agency in AZ to call for models and actors.
What are you waiting for?

Ford Models RBA is King of all agencies in Arizona.
Matt  Englehart is a knowledgeable and all around awesome possum of an agent.
I enjoyed working with him and would recommend this agency to any client.
Thank you for your outstanding representation Matt!

Ford Robert Black is a legitimate SAG affiliated agency here in town.
If you are looking to get into the acting side of things, Matt Englehart is the man to talk to!
Matt serves on several of the film boards in Phoenix and is constantly working to help grow the Arizona Arts Community.

Sheree, Matt, and everyone else at Ford/RBA are awesome!
I've been signed with them since May 2006 and I've been so happy.
They are professional, supportive, friendly, and uber knowledgeable.

My son (and I) have been signed with FORD Robert Black Agency coming to a year now and I have to say we have been super happy to be with them.
Both Sheree and Matt (our agent) were talents themselves in the years past so they are über knowledge about the industry.
I know Matt E. has a vast base of talents yet each time I contact him, he is able to get back to me right away and answers any concerns I may have.
It's fantastic!
Since being with FORD, I've had multiple auditions ranging from SAG film to industry videos.
My son has also had multiple auditions and has booked a web video and 2 commercials.
Yes, in case you're wondering when my son booked his commercials, he jumped up and down with excitement and of course, as his mom I grinned from ear to ear with happiness for him!
FORD has a stellar international reputation and the local agency FORD Robert Black Agency of Arizona is no exception.
They are one of the few SAG agencies.
If you are thinking of getting representation, I would highly recommend FORDRBA!
They have open casting call each week- check their website for complete details!

