I have very very curly hair, so it is difficult for me to find a hairstylist who knows how to deal with my hair.
I got a traumatically bad haircut in which I lost 10 inches of my hair against my best wishes and came out with a totally disorganized, asymetrical mess.
I have a fairly conservative look and needed to have it fixed.
Donna Rikje saved my life.
She took her time with me and asked me a lot of questions to figure out my style and help me figure out my style as well!
She taught me a lot of things about how to make my hair work given the complete mess that was made of it and the best ways for me to use the bad situation and make a good one of it.
Thank you Donna!

I went to Goveias for the first time about two weeks ago for the new Shellac manicure from CND.
The nail stylist, Erica, was great!
She did a wonderful job, and I am now in love with the Shellac polish.
I've gotten several compliments on my gorgeous nails!

Julie is a doll!
I stopped by a week ago for a impromptu manicure and was impressed with her kindness and technique.
Goveias is the best nail salon I've been to, and having lived in Scottsdale, I've been to many.
They are true professionals and treat you like you're in a hotel spa - the service and technicians do not compare to any other nail salon.
A quick Shellac manicure will cost about $30 and it's well worth it!
I went today and have already booked my next appointment.

If your looking for professional nail care Goveias is the place.
Creative Nail Design is the products used and everyone is talented!
Ask for Julie or Erika !

This was the most expensive manicure / pedicure I've ever had.
And, no it wasn't french or shellac or gel.
It was your basic.
It was good, particularly the pedicure.
But not $85 good.
I think I got the "you're from out of town, I don't have to earn your future business" price tag.
Avoid!

Wonderful place for nails.
Erica is a perfectionist - your nails will look their absolute best.
Reasonably priced,  clean,  and friendly.

I had a wonderful first experience.
The staff were very friendly and knowledgeable.
The salon is clean and very cute.
I was taken at my scheduled appointment time.
My nails looks exactly they way I wanted them to.
Julie took her time and did not seem rushed to get me out the door.
I would return and definitely recommend to others!

