I get my eyes checked about 1 time a year, sometimes once ever 2 years.
Lucky me has perfect vision.
I see Dr. Maury Kessler.
Nice man.
Wish I had more to say-- It is a really nice office space and the people working there seem really friendly.
Now I know my vision is going to be flawed for my next check up simply b/c I said I have perfect vision.

I was able to get in on my day off for an early morning visit, Maury seems to be very knowledgeable.
Best of all, they had a sample pair of my contacts IN STOCK!
so I don't have to wait until my order comes in.
I will be back in Jan. when my insurance pays for frames to get a new pair of glasses too.
Oh, and their contact prices are right on with what they cost over the internets.

It's a great little optometrist office.
The only reason I went there the first time was because it was the closest eye doctor's office to me that accepted my insurance.
I'm glad they do.
I'm always looking for a new doctor, I'm not too thrilled with my dentist, but I'll always recommend Dr. Maury Kessler to anybody.
He's always quick and is a nice guy.
The staff is also super friendly and the glasses I bought from there last year still get compliments!
The prices for contacts and glasses are also very competitive.

This place is awesome!
Dr. Kessler and his staff do a phenomenal job.
I just found this place recently and will continue to make the drive to Scottsdale for all my eye care needs.
My only gripe is that the selection of frames is on the short end... but, I still found something I liked.

Great optometry office!
Dr Kessler and his staff have got their stuff together!
The front staff (Holly) is always pleasant and the technicians are great.
They were sooo patient with me getting my first pair of glasses in 10 years (i was a habitual contact lens-wearer).
I can't remember how I got started with him, i'm guessing he was par with my insurance....
But i'm glad I picked this office!
I've continued to see him even though I have no vision coverage the last couple years.
I've sent in about 4 friends/co-workers to see him too.
As a referral bonus, you get $10 in "Kessler cash" to use at your next visit, so if you go there, tell them i sent you!
;-)  They have convenient hours for anyone's schedule.
I never feel like they're giving me the hard sell on anything.
The doctor and staff do a great job telling you what they're doing and why and if there's something you could be doing to alleviate any eye issues.
I feel like Dr Kessler really is looking out for my best interests and overall eye health.

I was able to schedule a next day appointment which is always a plus.
The entire staff was happy and attentive.
I just came in for an eye exam, but it looks like they also have a good selection of frames and contacts.
I will go back  here again for my next eye exam.

So I had a pair of sunglasses that need some major tweaking (the kind of stuff I couldn't do myself), and these guys did it for free even though I was clear that I did not buy them there.
When I offered to pay something for their effort, they just asked that I keep them in mind when I buy in the future.
I will most definitely do that!!

Great office.
Dr. Kessler does a very thorough exam, and I've never had a problem with my prescription.
I always purchase my glasses here, and all the girls are very helpful in finding me a pair that work for my "not made for glasses" head.
However, if you're one who wants to do it on your own, like my husband, they're respectful of that as well.
Frames are more expensive than the big box optical shops, but definitely a higher quality.
Or maybe it's just me that gravitates toward the more expensive ones.
Either way, I highly recommend this office.

I've had my exam here on three occasions; twice were with Dr Kessler and most recently once with Dr Carlson.
Both doctors were very thorough and sought to it that my eyecare needs were met.
I thought the staff was friendly and helpful.
I should mention that I've had bad experiences with Eye Masters and Lens Crafters when it came to what my expenses were versus what my insurance covered.
I always felt the staff at those locations purposefully overcharge me.
That was not my experience at Eyecare Plus.
I had an overall great experience at Eyecare Plus.
I highly recommend them and have no complaints at all.

I don't live down the street from Eyecare Plus anymore, but I've always been a big fan of this 'mom and pop' office, and I have no plans of ever taking my business anywhere else.
And after an emergency visit there yesterday, that decision as been reaffirmed.
I had an eye infection which was making it impossible for me to keep my eyes open.
My girlfriend gave them a call, and I was squeezed in for an appointment about an hour later.
Dr. Kessler did another great job of carefully examining my eye while causing as little additional irritation as possible.
He gave me a prescription and recommended some over the counter drops to take in between uses (he also gave me a coupon for those drops).
Dr. Kessler even told me to give him a call if I had any problems over the holiday weekend, and he'd be able to see me.
How great is that?
Yesterday at this time, looking at a computer screen was painful.
Less than 24 hours after my office visit, the redness is gone, the inflammation has gone down, the irritation hurts a lot less, and I can keep my eyes open.
My vision and health insurance don't cover optometrist visits for health visits but it only cost me an office visit.
Worth every penny.
I'm looking forward to my regular exam later this summer.
If you're looking for an optometrist in the valley head over to Eyecare Plus, you won't regret it.

I have been seeing ( pun intended ) Maury for my eyecare needs for quite some time and would not dream of going to anyone else.
Maury is such and pro at what he does and i would not trust my sight with anyone else.
The staff at Eyecare Plus are the most pleasant and helpful people i have ever come across in an office environment.
Go see Maury and his staff you will not be disappointed .

Dr. Kessler and his staff are without a doubt a high class operation dedicated to high quality eye care and personalized service!
I highly recommend them Eyecare Plus!

I had a great experience today as a first time patient.
The staff is  professional, kind, and welcoming.
Dr. Kessler took the time to explain each step as he did my exam, and discussed the best options given my fact pattern and needs.
They have a great selection of frames, pricing is very fair, and completely transparent.
Highly recommended!

I found this office under the VSP provider list and was very disappointed with the quality of service.
I was charged for part of an exam that was not performed and they made my glasses with the wrong prescription.
When I brought the glasses back to the office to be corrected Dr Kessler told me that I requested the glasses be made with that prescription.
When I told him that it didn't make sense that I would pay for an eye exam and then tell him to make my glasses with a prescription I can't use he became very defensive and argumentative.
I definitely would not recommend this eye doctors.

great place to go!
i was able to get a same-day appt and the doctor was so nice and great  at what he does, i'd definitely recommend.

Dr Kessler and his staff are truly fantastic!
I can't say if I ever have been more comfortable through an eye exam, actually understand what all the tests measure, or feel like I'm doing anything than desperately trying to say the right letters and not fail some test, the consequences of which, I don't know, but usually eye exams being up such anxiety in me I can only compare to pop quizzes and a miserable showing at a fifth grade spelling bee (I can spell, quite well, but get too anxious)!
Well, none of that none sense, here!
They are supremely professional and friendly, and the office is nicely stated (and super clean)!
I don't wonder or worry about who's head was in front of those Mickey Mouse ears contraption.
Dr Kessler was referred to me by a friend who stated, "I have a great optometrist, Jen, go to him; you'll love him!
" And she's right, I do, so I want to pay the favor forward and recommend Dr Kessler to...
YOU!

Dr Kessler is a fantastic eye doctor.
I have been going here for over 10 years.
It's a great office, very friendly staff, comfortable, and professional.
I highly recommend this doctor and this overall office for anything eye related.

One of the best experiences I've had at ANY doctor's office.
Dr. Kessler and his staff are the nicest, friendliest, and most professional people around.
Highly recommended.
Funny, when I went to the Walgreens, the pharmacist looked at the prescription and said Dr. Kessler was also his doctor, mentioning he's one of the best around.
Thanks for reading.

Dr Kessler and his staff are so nice.
It's easy to get an appointment and they have a decent selection of glasses.

So I walk into my Optometrist with a white cane, dark glasses and German Shepard...they knew they were in trouble!
Ok not really, my eyes aren't that bad yet.
You know how sometimes you visit the Optometrist and you feel like a number or they try to oversell you in buying some glasses?
This is not one of those offices.
Besides the normal eye check to ensure you're not blind, Dr. Kessler suggested some simple treatments to help decrease the redness in my eyes that I experience due to allergies.
It has really helped!
No other optomotrist has suggested this.
Thank you for a great visit - I'll be back!

Dr Kessler and his staff are awesome.
They are well organized and are knowledgable about their practice.
Seems weird to say that but when you've been to the place I was going to before it makes a ton of difference

Great place, first visit.
Spotted errors with previous prescription for lens.
Very accommodating and the team that gets your glasses is great.
I know that this the team you can trust to look after your eyes.
Honest, skilled professional team.
Thanks

