They'll pack & ship for you at a price.
Everyone believes UPS Stores are the same as UPS, you're all wrong.
They're here to make money and operate like drop off station.
It's best to just go onto the Internet and print your own label, you'll save some cash and headaches.

Franchisees of The UPS Store have numerous products and services such as Shipping and Packing, Mailbox and Postal Services, Copying, Finishing & Printing, Packaging and Moving Supplies, and Business Services that include fax, notary, and office supplies.
The Mail Boxes Etc.
concept was launched in 1980 as an alternative to the post office.
In 2001, UPS purchased Mail Boxes Etc., Inc, and in 2003, the two companies established The UPS Store brand.
These businesses are based on services and what they can sell you 'outside' of the UPS shipment itself.
It's cheaper to go online and print your own label and drop it off.
Don't get confused with what customer service they offer.
They're NOT UPS themselves and have little to no control over that end, but do pay for the insurance when asked.
UPS is not a perfect business partner.

Yes, they are in business, to generate a profit.
Yes, they have to pay rent.
Yes, they have to pay utilities.
Yes, the have to make payroll.
Yes, they pay taxes.
You will pay an upcharge, over the shippers' posted rates.
Why ???
FOR THE CONVIENCE.
Plus to cover the above expenses.
If thats a problem, then drive to the UPS Terminal inTempe.
Round trip, in gasoline alone, probably $6.
If you're returning a package, with the destination paying for shipping, apply their label .... and drop it off .... its FREE.
They'll even give you a reciept showing, they accepted your package.
Make sure, you ask for that receipt.

Have been using commercial mail boxes for years.
Moved from North Scottsdale to Old town area and my old box location was becoming a pain to check.
They also had reduced staff to one person and there was always a line.
Checked a couple of locations closer to me for a move.
This location always had multiple employees who were friendly.
I rented a box here a month ago.
The service since has continued to be excellent:  fast, attentive and friendly.
Other post have complained about the costs of shipping.
For me, it is worth the convenience and making sure it is shipped properly.

Received great service from Mark, who went above and beyond.
Friendly employees and they provide all the shipping & printing services you need.
Location is a little hard to find in the shopping center - it is located on the north side of the strip mall, facing Osborn Rd.

I wouldn't normally write a review for a place like UPS...but as it turns out, I go here all the time.
It's right next to my house and the staff are so friendly and cool.
They make shipping stuff a pleasant experience.

