Though it's been a few years since I've been here, I consider myself qualified enough to review it.
I've been coming here since I was in high school.
And every time I get a bug up my ass to go bowling, I fully expect this place to be closed down (see: Video Roundup).
Like a rock though, this place persists.
Same as always.
I've heard rumors and whispers that this place sometimes has some sort of dress code, but I've never experienced such a thing.
I mean, just because it's in Scottsdale doesn't mean it's a snobby nightclub.
Although - they do host a nightly Extreme bowling thing where they turn on the black lights and everything looks all funky... think "disco bowling" or "raver bowling" for reference.
I know you can get your drink on here and they serve food and have video games and all of that.
Also, like any good bowling alley, they have loaner shoes and balls and everything you would need for a good time out with friends.
It's your basic local bowling alley.
I'm organizing a bowling night soon, so I'll update this review after seeing the current state of the place.
Over the past 15 years or so, it's been fairly consistent, so I don't expect to be terribly surprised.

AMF Frontier Lanes got an entire over-haul since the last time I was there (about 2 years ago).
I never understood why bowling alleys weren't modernized and de-stinked and FRONTIER LANES is the FIRST bowling alley that I have seen that has been remodeled.
It's clean.
The bathrooms weren't scary and it smelled absolutely fine in there.
We went to the Cosmic Bowl on Friday night.
It was a ton of fun.
10pm-1am- $18/person 3 hours of bowling and shoes.
The lights go down and the music goes up.... video screens and $18 pitchers--- good times.
The staff is nice too, which is a shocker to me b/c most of the time, in the past my experiences with bowling staff has been less than stellar.
On a side note, there wasn't any food, so make sure you eat prior to bowling if you do the 10pm- 1am thing.
The snack bar was closed.
Bowling is fun.

They have definitely upgraded this location since the last time I was here.
Everything from the bar to the bathroom was remodeled about a year ago.
Met up with several friends for some beers and bowling on Saturday night - we had a great time and were easily able to get a couple lanes.
It got busier later in the night - I would suggest getting here before 10pm.
Their "polar pitchers" keep your beer nice and cold until the last drop :)  Games (on the weekends) are $5 per person.
With 8 of us we racked up $120 playing three games...

Bowling sucks.
At least it does when you bowl a 37.
And how in the hell do you get the ball to roll, rather than slide?
In spite of my game, I found AMF to be clean and in great condition.
The shoes were not scary as I imagined either.
$30 for an hour of "entertainment" and I use the term loosely, which included shoes and two games for two of us, no food or drink.
My husband wants to go back.
I hope he forgets.

First of all note the name changed to AMF Scottsdale Lanes.
Hey it doesn't smell!
Its a nice bowling alley and I can imagine spending a few hours here like I did tonight with my Phoenix Fabulous Forty Women's Club.
The bar is very nice for a bowling alley.
They even have a pool table!
They serve decent food and cold drinks to your lanes with waiter service.
All the lanes, screens and scoring boards are new, clean and state of the art.
There's no old smelly gross carpet to be avoided either, which is classic of bowling alleys I have been in!
Prices for rental equipment and lane use is average cost.
I had a great time and will definitely return to enjoy the faculties again and again.
Oh and the staff were so nice and professional also!

This is my 100th review, so I was waiting for something I could give 5 stars to.
This place, it deserves 5 stars.
Ergo, it wins my 100th review!
We went here on a Friday night, having gotten a couple for $8.99 bowling and shoes for 2 hours.
Upon entering, we were told it was extreme bowling night (basically, cosmic bowling), and that they coupon didn't count.
However, she went to check with her manager, and they honored it anyways.
I really appreciated that.
While I brought my own ball, my partner doesn't have one, so she needed to use one of theirs.
Instead of rows of balls where you have to go pick out the best you can find, they have a finger hole sizer, where you tell them which size finger holes you need, and in what poundage.
Like "medium holes, 9 pounds.
" or "extra large holes, 12 pounds" and so on.
I was impressed.
Once at our lane, we were greeted by our server, who handed us the menu.
I have NEVER seen a veggie burger on a bowling alley menu, along side regular burgers, pizza, wings, spinach dip, and more.
Again, impressed.
While the drinks with alcohol looked divine, we stuck with iced teas.
Served in huge glasses, and quickly refilled, the service was great.
Bowling was fun, as always, and we stayed for three games before heading out.
I loved the friendliness and attentiveness of the staff (special shout out to Maria at the front desk), and the fun, laid back atmosphere.
I also loved the mix of "today's" and 90's music - I liked hearing a little Ace of Base, Sublime and Offspring mixed in with Rhianna and current rap.
We'll definitely be back.
Great for either a date night or hanging with friends.

Going firmly against the practices and beliefs of one Walter Sobchak, we recently went bowling on Shabbos (Saturday) the Jewish day of rest.
No we are not Jewish...repeated viewing of The Big Lebowski is required to understand this reference.
This AMF location claims they offer "a new upscale spin on bowling in Scottsdale" on their website.
Upscale and bowling aren't usually two words used in the same sentence most days, so I was intrigued.
Without some sort of 'group special', bowling can get pretty pricey if you pay by the game...so we (group of six of us) decided to go for the 2 hour group pass they offer.
This got us shoe rentals, two hours of bowling, drinks and a large pizza for six people...all this was just a little bit more than seventy bucks; if you divide that amongst every person in the group; it's a pretty good deal.
I don't know about 'upscale'...but the lanes were clean and seemed newly remodeled...we couldn't have asked for more from the bowling experience itself.
MPH indicators were a nice little addition...and made it possible for my brother and I to have a ridiculously competitive challenge against each other to see who could throw a bowling ball the fastest.
I was shocked that there was zero need to ever reset the pins or retrieve a lost ball...maybe I'm used to bowling at ghetto lanes, but I've never had two hours of bowling go this flawless before...I guess they've come a long way with 'Bowling alley technology".
Even though the bowling aspect was great...just to give the full picture...the food wasn't exactly stellar; but if we hadn't got the pizza for free we wouldn't have resorted to eating bowling alley food anyway.
I do kind of wish they offered a package without the necessity of buying food and drinks, and knocked a few bucks off the group price in return.
Seems kind of like they're punishing you with the obligatory pizza because they know most people wouldn't buy one if given the choice (The pizza which I didn't even try, tasted like soggy cardboard according to my Dad).
After a fun afternoon of bowling...and handing my little brother his ass on the lanes (that's right Chris...family high score still belongs to this guy right here)...I left this bowling alley wondering why I don't bowl more often.
It's a nice way to relax and stay active at the same time, and what's more fun that bowling with a group of friends and/or family?
Not much.
Next time you get the random hankering to throw some gutter balls, you can't do much better than these lanes.
P.S.
They have a really nice rug in the entrance to this place too...really ties the room together.
4/5.

I love bowling.
Unfortunately I don't go often enough to get better than an average 110 score.
Out of the several dozen bowling alleys I have been to, this one is among the nicest.
My best advice is to call in advance and see what's going on.
You don't want to show up during a bowling league and not get a lane (ya I've come here because I was in a league).
And you don't want to show up 30 minutes before the cosmic bowling starts and have to wait (as I did last night, thinking it started at 9 pm but really not till 10 pm).
The servers that come down to the lanes have always been nice, attentive and on-top of your order.
If you're in the bar area it's a bit more laid back and you have to flag the bartender if you need anything.
I like that you get one ball handed to you (of course you can swap it with another).
But you don't have to worry about 30 racks of bowling balls and having too many in the ball return.

What's better on a Friday afternoon than a game of bowling with some coworkers, none of which you've ever bowled with before?
Not much my friends.
Not much.
I haven't bowled much in AZ so I wasn't really sure what to expect, and I have to admit, that there were some major differences from when I bowl with my family elsewhere.
The biggest?
The bowling balls were behind the counter.
Is this normal in AZ?
I understand people seem to love to steal the shoes, but do people really try to steal bowling balls?
It totally sucked to have to go to the counter to test out bowling balls between frames to find a good weight.
They kind of made up for this by having PBR on tap, but were brought back down again by not having the ginger in the Jameson & Ginger as advertised.
Upon asking, they made a ginger ale (the coke crap) and well I really wanted some so it was acceptable.
I remember my quote being, "This isn't bad for a fake ginger ale & Jameson.
" I'm not quite sure if I liked that they came and got my order at the lanes or not.
They were pretty insistent on me not heading to the bar to order my drink, even though I had no clue what they had, so I needed to scope it out.
If you want to server people, that's fantastic.
Really.
I'm a fan.
But have the menu by the lanes.
All in all the lanes were easy to use and we didn't have too many issues we needed assistance with other than a bowling ball that kept getting stuck in the return.
A total of maybe 6 times.
In 2 games.
Bonus for being able to customize your "theme.
" Anti-bonus for the crappy ads to the left when no one's playing beside you.
The only food that looked good on that screen was the chocolate chip cookies.
And those guys that are advertising bowling safety, do not look like bowlers.
We paid for our shoes up front and the games when we finished.
It was pretty easy and the rates weren't that bad in my opinion.
Sounds like this may become an occasional thing, though in which case, I'll have to up my game.
The boys all crushed my so-called bowling skills.

This place is not a bad place for a bowling alley.
The food here isn't that terrific, but what can you expect?
Had a group party here and it was a fun place to go.
Overall not a bad place to hang out.

I purchased a Groupon for $5 for two games of bowling and shoes.
What a deal!
My friends and I went on a Monday night at 6PM and were on the lanes a few minutes later...no waiting.
No leagues and plenty of open lanes.
We bowled our two games while munching on delicious chicken quesadillas (we each ordered a platter because they were so good) and downing cold beer.
The smell of stale smoke hits your face as you enter the outer door, but that goes away after a minute or so.
Thank goodness bowling alleys don't allow smoking anymore!!
No more walking around looking for a bowling ball that fits.
You put your hand into a ball on the counter to determine the finger hole size.
That's where you get you shoes, ball and pay for bowling.
I'll be back (mainly because I still have two discounted coupons to use up.
I'll walk in and try to sell them.
) Interested?

we closed a lazy sunday evening with a few games of bowling at this AMF location.
the location is ideal as we rode our bikes here.
once inside, the place is very clean and conducive to having a grand ol time.
the girl behind the counter was very friendly and accommodated us switching out our shoes and bowling balls several times.
the scoring system worked well and they even have avatars for your personal games.
we ordered several pitchers of beer and our server was excellent...friendly and ultra prompt.
i forget how fun bowling is!

Wow, I haven't been bowling in a long time....probably because I stink at it!
Anyone else grow up with candelpin bowling in the northeast?
I am just terrible with a regular bowling ball...... Anyhooo we got a coupon for this place in the mail (in those valuepak things that usually only offer garage door openers, mailing labels, and window replacements).
Went with a group-6 altogether-so I was surprised that we were squished in with another couple.
I guess the right side of the alley was reserved for leagues so they had to put all of us "regular" bowlers all on the left side.
No biggie, it worked out ok. We ordered some pitchers of beer which our server was pretty prompt with.
The group next to us ordered pizza which looked and smelled pretty good actually!
The scoreboard is all electronic, the alleyway and bathrooms were clean, and the lanes looked well maintained.
Fun night!

Really not all that happy with the experience we had tonight.
We were told to move lanes three different times.
First time: we were placed too close to the league games and might disrupt them, so we were told to move ONE lane over.
Huge difference, I know.
Second time: the lane they moved us into was broken somehow.
The computer kept glitching and getting off sync with the game.
Third time: the computer screen worked but the overhead tv did not.
It's a strange environment, there are signs for food EVERYWHERE.
On the walls, on the booths, on the tvs,  in the bathroom.
I mean seriously.
It's creepy.
And then you look at the leaguers and suddenly realize why they're all overweight.
You can't even call it subliminal messages because they're so overt and in your face.
Everything here is shabby and old, which I guess that's what bowling is...
But does it have to be that way?
Especially for the money we all pay?
I mean come on.

My boyfriend, friends and I are a part of the PBR Bowling League held at this location every Sunday night..
The employees are GREAT!
Very welcoming and accommodating!
Food is awesome, especially for a bowling alley and we ALWAYS have a blast!
(Might not bowl great all the time, but we never leave disappointed with service and hospitality!
)   Go Team!!!

I had the time of my life at the remodeled Scottsdale Lanes bowling alley near my house.
My pals and I cosmic bowled for about three hours, for $16 a person.
(Shoe rental is included.
)  The Lanes have come a long way since their dingy days-I was impressed with how clean and modern-looking the bowling alley was.
It now has a full bar (drinking wine at a bowling alley?
Priceless!
) and three giant video screens displaying the latest in pop music.
Be warned: it can get distracting when you're trying to hit a strike but the gentlemen of 3OH!3 are staring you down.
Sadly, the place was just about empty while we were there.
I think it is definitely a great alternative to an Old Town Scottsdale nightclub-the music was great and the fun was inexpensive.
On Friday and Saturday, the Lanes are open until 1 a.m., and they're available until midnight all other nights.

As bowling alleys go this place is pretty awesome.
It's smaller than most of the other alleys here which is nice.
By far the best aspect is that the balls are kept behind the counter and they help you pick the right one and keep people from stock piling them at their lane.
This may seem like a small thing, but if you are not a professional bowler it's nice not to have to go fighting for a ball when you get there.
I wish all bowling alleys would do this.
The food was bowling alley food.
It's nothing to get excited over, but it's fine washed down with a few beers.
The place is very clean and new.
My nieces and nephew had a good time.

Great music, interesting people for people watching and great service.
Only downfall was the swamp coolers.
It seriously felt like we were down south with how humid the place was.
But at least they were trying to keep the place cool!

Bf and I popped in here for a change-up on the usual wknd shenanigans.
On a Friday night, you can buy 2 hours of unlimited bowling for $12/person, including shoes.
Pretty good!
Otherwise, its about $5 a game PLUS $5 for shoes, so go with the deal.
They had fun music and videos playing on the big screens.
It was a good crowd and we didn't have to wait for a lane, which was nice.
Beer is priced pretty average for bowling alleys.
The lanes are in good condition, they have nice shoes (for rentals) and great ball selection (hehe.

Bowling is a sport?
Some of the finest athletes ever!
Joking but not.
Went here for the weekend shin dig and had a pretty dang good time.
The service for drinks was spot on but some of the steps of service could use a review.
Still anything that we asked for was brought super fast and our server was personable.
The staff were busy but yet friendly which I give them kudos for.
The atmosphere for cosmic bowling could use more of a cosmic twist with maybe some marketing prowess to keep the lanes occupied and the clients lined up but the bowling was grand and fun.
Love the simplicity of setting up envy rethink and retrieving/returning the gear.
I'll be back in for sure.

I did midnight bowling and it was a lot of fun with good music.
They have a bar and the lanes are big and it has a nice classic look to it.
They also have interactive tvs that tell you were to shoot and the staff is all really nice.
Def a nicer bowling alley.

Lanes ok.
Balls ok.
Shoes ok. Wings and beer ok.
I would come again.

Went there for a company team build.
The have a decent bar selection.
Lanes are nice.
Staff was friendly.
Good for getting your bowl on.

I came with a group for one of my friend's birthdays.
We had three lanes reserved and everything went great... well, expect my bowling.
I probably scored the worst I ever have.
But, I can't blame it on AMF.
It's the closest bowling alley to me, so I'll be back to improve my score of 88.

$8 bowling from 9-12 during the week.
It's got a really nice bar area plus pool tables.
It's kind of annoying that all the balls are kept behind the counter but no big deal really.
The food is exactly what you would expect at a bowling alley and the beer is a bit pricey but atleast they have it.
I always have a good time and will continue to return.

unbelievable.
thats what i have to say about scottsdale lanes this saturday morning.
arrived at 11:15 am to bowl on the special for 2 hours for $13.00.
was given a lane by a very unprofessional person at the counter.
(customer service is not there specialty).
went to lane 21 and started bowling.
bowled a few games with my new ball, then whamo, the ball doesn't come back.
on lane 22 was another person bowling and whamo their ball doesn't come back.
both balls are stuck in the pit and not returning to the rack on the lane.
i went up to the counter and told them that both balls have not returned and the person at the counter said" i'll tell the manager.
waited l0 minutes, nothing happened.
finally the manager(a large woman) goes back to retreive the balls.
waited 10 more minutes and she finally comes back, and states "sorry i can't get the balls out of the pit.
i tell her to get the mechanic to get them, and she says, "i don't have a mechanic today to do that".
unbelievable, what kind of bowling lanes don't have a mechanic on duty on a saturday.
she tells me to throw another ball down the lane and all the balls will return to the rack.
so i throw a ball down the lane .
the woman on lane 22 also throws a ball down the lane.
now there are 4 balls stuck in the pit on lanes 21&22.
again i tell her 4 balls are now stuck.
she gets upset and calls the mechanic on her cellphone.
she goes back to retrieve the balls and finally after 37 minutes of waiting, the balls finally return to the rack.
she comes back to my lane and says she is sorry about the delay, nothing more, nothing less.
i tell her i'm not happy about the delay and she again states she is sorry, but is not willing to do anything else to please me or the person on lane 22. i tell her i'm done bowling and i want my money back.
she walks away, and tells me again that she is sorry and i'm not getting my money back.
talk about lousy customer service.
the people that work here don't know what the word ''customer service'' means.
what a terrible place to go bowling.
this place has terrible customer service and lousy employees that work there.
never again will i ever bowl there again, but i'm telling everyone i know about my experience.

I love bowling with the family.
They have good deals on bowling and shoe rental.
The food isn't bad either.

Small bowling alley (30 lanes).
It was a lot of fun they had good pizza.
We were there for a company party which they were able to accommodate pretty well.

We've had pleasant experience here.
There are no reservations, however.
;( The price is competitive.
Plenty of lanes available whenever we come to play, and lounge with our mates.
Front desk  ... cordial.
Service (food) ... slow like molasses ;( Price (food) ... slightly pricey.
Shoes, Lanes, & Ball ... it's well maintained, and plenty to choose from.
No Smoking!
*hurrah* Centrally located between us & our mates!
We'll do another round (or two) soon!

My first visit here was yesterday morning for a fundraiser - we had the place to ourselves until about noon.
I had very little interaction with the staff, but getting my shoes and ball was a quick process.
The location was very clean and the equipment didn't have any issues.
There's a lane closer to where I live so I don't know how regularly I'd come here, but if I was in the area I wouldn't roll it out.

I had made reservations for my boyfriend's birthday.
They tried to transfer me to a special events coordinator whom I did not want to speak to and didn't seem to understand that I didn't want some package deal, I wanted two lanes and everyone was paying for their own games and food/alcohol.
It took more explaining than I felt necessary but I was able to make the reservations for two lanes, no extras.
I was quoted a price of $17.99/person for unlimited bowling, shoes included, from a certain time until they closed.
We weren't getting there until 9 so that was perfect and we could bowl 3 or four games each over the course of 3 hours or so.
So we get there and are told that deal doesn't exist and hasn't for quite some time.
The current price was $12.99 (cheaper, yay!
) for unlimited bowling for only 2 hours.
We were all disappointed, but it wasn't too big of a deal.
So we start to bowl and our server comes over.
We order and two members of our party asked the server if we could have separate bills and were told yes.
Through out the course of the next two hours we all ordered combinations of individual beer bottles, pitchers of beer, buckets of beer and cocktails.
Our service was fast, but definitely not friendly or helpful.
He would come and drop drinks off and run off, not asking if anyone else needed anything.
Three different times they were out of something that was ordered, not the servers fault, but it is annoying.
The end of our two hours comes and we get brought the bill.
Not as much as I expected, but everything was on one bill.
What an unpleasant experience that was!
Our server brought over the assistant manager to assist in sorting things out.They were both visibly annoyed with us to the point of being rude.
Don't blame us, we asked for separate bills.
Twice!
And we were told you could accomodate us.
We wound up moving to the bar to continue drinking while we sorted out the bill.
When one of my friends went to order, the bartender rudely told us she would not serve us because we weren't paying our bill.
By that point half the bill had been paid, we were sorting out the rest and no one (at that point) was arguing about paying anything.
Plus my friend that she was declining was trying to pay cash.
Upon sorting out the check, we discovered we were charged for three drinks we had been told they were out of.
After it was all sorted and paid, the server and manager left and the bartender continued to be rude.
We were not drunk or belligerent or doing anything to harrass her.
We were drinking, joking, laughing and taking pictures.
There was no reason for any of them to have acted as they did.
We were a large party (12 people), we had made reservations ahead of time so they knew how many people were coming, we asked for separate bills up front, it wasn't a surprise, we didn't try to skip out on the bill, we didn't leave a mess and we weren't disrespectful.

Always my favorite place to go bowling, especially on a Monday!!
Clean lanes, and can't beat the liquor prices either!

Lights are flashing.
Metal is blaring.
Shots are pouring.
Lanes are full.
And it's only Wednesday night.
Sure last call for drinks comes at 11:15, but you want to save your 3AM binges for at least Thursday.
Bowling is optional to have a great time here, and the drink selection is a cut above your average AMF bowling alley.
If you like to get liquored up and hurl heavy objects, you've found paradise.

This has been my go-to bowling alley for years.
Recently, it went through a face-lift and while they still kept the basic look and feel, they did a good job updating the facility.
Bowling is always entertainment and if you throw in disco bowl?
Well then you've got yourself a party!
On the weekends, they put large video screens in the middle of the alley and play music videos while you bowl.
The music video selection are classic pop and rap and perfect to make the mood upbeat and fun.
When it comes to pricing, it's pretty on par with other bowling alleys.
When we go on the weekends, it's $14 for two hours of bowling which also includes shoes, so depending on how fast you bowl, you could get several games in the two hour time period.
If you're bringing a large group, I suggest calling ahead and reserving a lane.

Not a huge bowling alley but there were several lanes open when I came late on Saturday night.
Lights were down with music videos blasting along the wall.
They seemed to like Nicki, Madonna, and Jlo....  Anways the prices were ok at $13/person for 2 hours of bowling with shoes.
Not sure if prices change with larger groups - wouldn't 5 people in a lane be getting jipped at that price compared to just 2 people?
Mixed drinks are extremely weak and overpriced.
Don't waste your money on them.
Bowling itself was fun.
They have seemingly new (p)leather sofa-chairs.

My friend and I came here at 9 on Friday night, $13-$14/person no hour limit (well, they close at 2 am).
Another bowling place in Phoenix downtown is $70/hour for two adults.

Great place to hang out and relax, especially during night time and on the weekend.
Good location, just a few miles south of Old Town Scottsdale.
This may even been the nicest location I've seen for years.

I haven't been bowling in probably six years or so.
We got there around 9:30 and played for a couple hours for $10 a head including shoes - so the price was right.
Great and random music selection, the food was better than expected and they had a nice selection of beers available by the pint or pitcher.
My childhood memories of bowling alleys aren't that great - horribly trashy people drenched in Malboro Red smoke, ashing into their beers and never being able to find a freaking lane on league night.
But since then, due to my passion for The Big Lebowski, I've come around.
I feel like if I am ever to be a more consistent bowler, I need to procure my own ball and shoes.
House balls are just filthy, and how is it that in the last thirty years they're still using the same crappy spray on the shoes?!
Who are we kidding that stuff isn't helping.
That said, bowling with friends and beer is almost always fun, and since it's reasonably priced I will probably be back!

