im a 12 year old girl and i went to house of hoops looking for a quality basketball shoe.
i am kind of obsessed with basketball shoes and i know a lot about them myself.
The staff treated me like an adult and was very patient and helpful.
i found great shoes like Lebron 10's, kobe 7's, hyperdunks 2012, etc.
they were all priced at the normal amount ranging from $100-$200.
My only suggestion for them would be to have a wider variety of shoe and sock sizes, and colors.
Especially for young people like me.

I am not one to write Yelp reviews but I had such a negative experience here I have to share.
I forgot socks for a fitness class I attended tonight and ran through the mall to this store in hopes of getting a pair of socks as quickly as possible.
When I ran in the doors two men greeted and (nicely to their advantage) gave an effort to meet my needs of "one pair of socks.
" The man, however, led me to the packs of socks... Not helpful, I followed my instincts and went over to the single pair of socks(the other man didn't have a clue both men and women could wear these socks).
I told my size in hopes of learning the pair I would need and had both sales gentlemen dumbly staring at the merchandise until I finally found the size equivalent to my shoe size...
They had no clue about their merchandise.
I then ran to check out(with 7 minutes until my class) and yeh.. the friendly woman working the register rang me up.
I swiped my card(one of those gift cards you buy at grocery stores- that I received several days ago for my birthday).
I was almost out when the manager appeared from nowhere and aggressively stated I need a pin for this card..
I had used it 4 times prior to this occasion with no need for a pin.
He scolded the female cashier and expressed that she needs to pay more attention to these things.. as I am fumbling around trying to figure out what to do...
This was the only card I brought in.
He continued to scold her and me.. rudely expressing I need a pin and can't make the purchase.
He glared at me and re-acted to this situation as if I had stolen this card.
One of the coldest people i have encountered and on a serious power trip- I mean- really... am I going to steal a card and buy a pair of socks????
I feel bad for his employees.
Well...
I got to my class and luckily a friend let me borrow a pair of hers so it turned out alright.
But as for this store- I will Never be back.
Luckily a Lululemon is opening downstairs that I can make my future trips to... in case of sock emergencies!
I truly hope this manager is fired.
Bad juju!

The worst customer service here ever.
One employee said one thing and another said something g different, was a waste of my time and will not be going here again.
If you need any sizing larger than a 12, which most athletes are just fyi they don't carry.
Stick with nike at Scottsdale quarter

