The Monday Night Pork Chop Special (MNPCS) was really good, as were the mashed potatoes!
My mates tried the Turkey Ruben and the Club Sandwich - both were said to be quite edible...
This is a very affordable dinner for the old town area.
I saw what looked to be several "regulars" hanging at the bar.
Karsen's will also deliver to several local bars that don't serve food!
(J Chew, Rusty Spur, Patties...) Also note that this place is TINY.
http://www.manta.com/coms2/dnbcompany_035ff3

since introduced to KG's over 10 years ago (by Big Pete of Oregano's) i've been a huge fan and always sure to visit when i'm in town.
stopping by is like visiting an old friend (the place is uber small) where you say hi to John or TR behind the bar and they remember you.
a little (pun intended) description: its a small bar that serves OK food (burgers and the like).
very basic TV's.
Most importantly, its where your likely to find yourself making new friends.
It's frequented by local restaurant owners and staff (front and back of house), professional baseball umpires and other interesting folks.

Karsens is the perfect neighborhood place.
The veggie sandwich, veggie plater, veggie quesadilla, and grilled cheese (w/ tomato and green chili) are all really good and the fries are always hot and crispy.
Make sure ot introduce yourself to TR - he knows everyone in Scottsdale!

Karsen's Grill is a great  little spot to go, their food  is great and most of the bartenders are friendly.
With the exception of one bartender I can't  which her name is Liz, she's such a cold fish.
Her attitude is she's doing you a favor by serving you.
I've been a frequent out-of-town customer and never a friendly welcome.
Conversations etc is to be about or evolved about her she doesn't take interest in anyone else,

I must have walked past this place hundreds of times before I even knew it was there.
I was invited here for a meeting of a local pet welfare group I'm involved with.
Our meeting was a small group, so this place was perfect.
Great location, great food, great prices and great service.
They even have a $5 food menu.
Cons - Very small.
Seats maybe 20 people.

Excellent little gem of a neighborhood restaurant!
Their sandwich bread is amazing and their sandwiches are huge!
The main bartender/waiter who was there on Monday was the friendliest guy and made us feel welcome the minute we walked in the door.
This place is tiny, but what it lacks in space it makes up for with the food!
I highly recommend this grill to anyone in the Scottsdale area!

Wandered in here quite by chance on a Friday night.
We had been at Rusty Spur most of the evening.
Got out to wandering around and found ourselves here, after initially passing it once, we returned.
Such a small down to earth, charming spot with a few tables and about 8 stools at the bar.
It had a crowd of mostly regulars, but being that is was such a small place it wasn't crowded while we were there.
They had a small flat screen in the corner playing the Suns game and several people popped in to pick up phone orders and take food to-go.
Seeing that we decided to supplement our liquid dinner with a shared chicken strip plate.
Over all it was good, the chicken tenders and the fries were cooked to order and they served with our choice of both BBQ sauce and ranch.
Hit the spot.
Service was prompt and very friendly (sorry but I can't recall the man's name who was tending bar...my attention was elsewhere).
But I would be sure to go back when he was working.

Came across this while walking Old Town Scottsdale.
We were having trouble finding a place open for a late lunch at 3pm, so we picked this.
The bartender is the server and the inside seating is all bar stools and high tables so this is not the best place for comfort.
We both ordered chesseburgers that were fantastic.
They have a few TV's on with sports and the staff was very friendly.
I would suggest this if you want a burger and don't mind sitting on bar stools.
I do think there were tables outside but we did not chose to sit outside.

Great little place with better than avg.
burgers and awesome french fries.
What really stood out, though, is the awesome customer service.
Super nice staff!
Makes you kind of feel like you're at home.
They tease you and mess around light heartedly.
Very enjoyable!

Phenomenal food and outstanding service - you must try the 'Mary Lou'

Karsen's Grill is the greatest little joint in Scottsdale.
Fabulous burgers, great sandwiches and surprisingly good salads.
It's really small, but you'll feet like an old-timer on your first visit.
Very pleasant staff.
I used to live live in Scottsdale and was a regular customer.
I miss Karsen's Grill!

For a small bar/grill in Scottsdale it's great.
Ray is the owner/operator, very friendly, and wants to give good service.
Give it a try.
The burgers are delicious!

Great reasonably priced place!
Good sandwiches the potato skins were good and my fish an chips was yummy!

Every now and then you find a bar that knows your name.
Lol.
John is the owner And he is the man!!

Place was good.
Very friendly owners.
Menu was good if you're looking to stay with a familiar territory.
I could defintely tell this was a place many regulars go.
We found John to be a very nice guy.

The owner is extremly friendly.
Great place as all the other Yelpers have said.
I ordered the Blackened chicken sandwich with patato salad.
Not too spicy, but just right.
The patato salad was extremly good.
If your out and about in the afternoon looking for lunch, stop in here.

Tiny little (I guess that's redundant) bar and grill that seems to have a regular following and serves simple, yet tasty food at a decent price.
Stopped in late one night.
Well maybe it was 9 or so, but that's late for me.
I went with the turkey philly spike style (jalapeño and green chiles) and potato salad.
The potato salad (house-made) was pretty good, and I'm extremely hard to please with that.
The philly was better than I expected considering it was smoked turkey and not ribeye, and the jalapeño and chiles definitely made it better!
I can't remember the name of the guy working that evening, but he was awesome.
Even though he was tasked with both tending bar and waiting tables, actually one table, he was on top of things and made us feel like regulars.
In fact, I'm wondering now why I haven't been back.
Will have to rectify that soon!

Great place!
Good bar type food and great service!

One of our personal favorites on the menu is the Green Mary Lou.
If you have never heard of one (don't worry, we didn't either) the Green Mary Lou is an extra large flour tortilla stuffed with Queso Dip, topped with Karsen's fabulous homemade Machaca Beef, green chili sauce and Cheddar & Jack Cheese.
Wow.
But we warn you, it's definitely a meal so come hungry!
During the summer, the Green Mary Lou is one of the Cool Summer Specials and at $5, it leaves money still in your wallet for that adult beverage!
See our complete review here... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=802

Everyone is right that this place is (very) tiny and friendly.
However, the service is a little slow, and the food just isn't that great.
I mean, Yelp's "A-OK" description about sums it up.
Nothing awful, but nothing awesome either.
My friend tried their signature dish, the Mary Lou.
Again, nothing great.
It was okay, but we were expecting something in the burrito style, and it came out more like a quesadilla.
Also, the flavor of the machaca beef was okay, but I've definitely had way better.
And yes, I would say that the Mary Lou would feed two people pretty well.
Basically, I am not sure if I would go back.
It is rare that I am so entirely ambivalent about a food place, but this place (un)inspires it.

Great easy going atmosphere.
Jim is friendly and manages the bar as well as the tables.
Try the veggie quesadilla or the Sunday burritto special.
Not a lot of seats and easy to miss.
Nice wine and beer selection, but could use some local brews.

Perfect local bar wi great food and excellent staff.
We met the owners who were having fun with the customers.
Heidi, the bartender whips up some great summer drinks.
Try the homemade pineapple infused vodka, it taste like pure in rapper juice...watch out, it creeps up quickly.
Tried the homemade bloody Mary mix.omg...fabulous.
The food was really good too.
We had the homemade quest dips with fresh chips, French dip was outstanding (au jus, green chile, map,e bacon, prime rib and Boursin), did I already say it was to die for.
We also tried the wings, teriyaki and buffalo....yummy.
I give it 4.5 stars because it doesn't have much ambience but the crowd clearly hangs out there a lot

Under promises and over delivers!
Truly homemade, delicious chow.
Not your usual pub grub.
Yup, it' s a tiny hole in the wall.
But it' really big on service and excellent adult beverages.
Nice surprise was Tracy Dempsey desserts top off the Monday Night Pork Chop Special.
Yum.
We'll be back.
Soon.

Delightful, we were there for Sunday brunch.
Great food, pleasant conversation and very reasonable.
Making a point to return for dinner.

Karsen's is a great laid back bar.
Everyone (staff and patrons) is very friendly so it has the neighborhood pub vibe.
Attention Scottsdale DBs...please do not come here.
You will not like it and the regulars don't care.

The first time my girlfriends and I have been here but we were pleasantly surprised and will definitely be back!
Potato skins, meatloaf, turkey Reuben, And a patty melt- delicious !

Karsen is the best industry bar in oldtown.
The tuna sandwich is great too!!

Found it by strolling through Old Town, liked the look/feel from the outside and peeked in and like it even more.
Mah/pop joint for 22 years the last 19 by same two partner's.
Very friendly bartender and server/owner greeted us immediately, as sat ourselves in this small quaint lil joint, most accompanied by locals, but did have the usual tourist of which we are.
Full bar, menu of usual bar/grill fare, but we dug it.
A club sammy and the special today, the pulled pork sammy.
Both solid, not too anything including grease or sauce so that was nice.
Great steak cut fries and potato salad to match.
Bottomless soda and iced tea.
Great place regularly checking back if we wanted anything, if it was to our liking and offering to top off our drinks.
We understand the desert is bomb, but didn't have any room for it.
Check it out!

If you can call a place that's been around for over 20 years a hidden gem, then I guess that's a good description of Karsen's.
If I hadn't met dayside bartender Heidi at another location I would never have known of this place and I've probably walked by it numerous times in the past.
Located on 1st Street in Old Town Scottsdale, Karsen's is a great place for comfort food like burgers, salads, soups, and patty melts.
Karsen's also sports a full bar.
In addition to the food, the other item that's clearly kept Karsen's going all these years is the atmosphere.
The staff and the owners clearly know and value their regulars and you can tell that the regulars reciprocate.
Even going in as a new customer I was made to feel very welcome and that's the type of service that builds loyalty.
If you want a no-pressure, low key place to get food or drinks in Old Town Scottsdale, check out Karsen's Grill, you won't be disappointed.

Cute Place, Nice People, Great Food - Good Cactus League watching place!
Great Burger & Pork Taco's

Best bar in Old Town.
Incredibly friendly staff with delicious Tracy Dempsey desserts.
Always a great place to meet a character or two.
A couple of my food favorites beyond the desserts are the fresh made soups, any sandwich, and, of course, the nachos.
Really, you cannot go wrong.
They have a fun Sunday brunch and if you are in town for Spring Training this should be your first stop.

I actually just placed an order for pick up.
The place was packed and kind of cramped, but my food was ready as promised right on time.
I got a chicken sandwich and a burger - 19.06, ouch!
The burger was a bit bland.
The meat was pretty good, but just needed a little seasoning.
The onion roll and accompaniments were standard.
The steak fries were definitely done right - not one of them was limp and not crispy.
The spicy chicken sandwich was very good.
I liked this a lot better than the burger.
The coleslaw I got as a side for it though was bland and watery.
All in all, its got a hefty price tag but ingredients are good and food is cooked right.
Nothing a little salt won't fix.
Place gets packed but the service seems very good considering.

WOW!
I cannot say enough great things about this place!
I have been back on more than one occasion since the start of spring training & have tried something from every category on the menu.. & have LOVED every single thing.
Everything comes out hot, fresh & looks as good as it tastes!
And they don't hold back- you get very generous portions of everything!
Can't beat their daily specials either!
Great food, reasonable prices, & really good service.
If you haven't been there GO & stop missing out on some of the best food in downtown Scottsdale!

Great fish & chips!
Found them on Yelp & liked all the reviews so went over with a girlfriend last night.
The fish was fresh & flaky, the french fries were REAL, & the bartender was friendly & the service was great.
The location is great in Old Town Scottsdale, and as a new person in town I know it will be a place where I can go alone and feel very comforable.
Definitely will be back!

Who wants a hug?
I do!
That was my reply to our friendly waitress.
This place is a small bar with better than expected food and like the other reviews say good service.
It's amazing how much sincere, friendly service can make beer taste colder and sandwiches better.
Karsen's is now part of the Scottsdale routine.

Most reviewers like Karsen's food -- and so did I.
The patty melt was fresh and tasty, the reuben was just as a reuben should be, and my bottled beer ... well it was bottled beer.
The service was pleasant and reasonably prompt.
So why just three stars?
It's not just that the French fries were soggy.
Clue #1 - Our server was the bartender.
Clue #2 - We were not sitting at the bar.
It doesn't take Sherlock Holmes to figure out that Karsen's must be a very small place.
Indeed it is, with six small tables inside, and about eight seats at the bar.
So what's wrong with that?
--- Nothing.
Throughout Spain and Italy bars like this are the main places people go for quick meals.
But Karsen's takes small to a new level.
For example, there are no draft beers.
For example, from your table you get a view of a long untidy corrider leading to the back of the building.
For example, your one seating option is a bar stool.
In the end, Karsen's feels a bit like a third world beer joint, slightly upgraded, and with food much better than one would expect at such a place.
Three stars -- that's just about right.

We used to go here a lot years ago.
But a move north a bit took it out of the flight path so... it was time to go back and check it out.
As always.... the owner/bartender/waiter/janitor/greeter was doing his thing running around and keeping us in drinks and food.
The drinks were good a always (no short pours here that i've had) and the food great.
i didn't have but the burgers were big and juicy looking and the salad with cajun chicken was great.
BEST honey mustard dressing i ever had.
Anyhow, glad i went and will be back sooner.
It's small, with 6 tables and the 10 seat bar but... close friends and fun can be found here.
ENJOY IT.... and worth the trip for this small almost out of the way place.
I'd give it 5 stars but it was a bit noise (part of the charm except when you're trying to talk) and our waitress could have been better looking.
:-)  (sorry John)

Stopped in since we were in the area...the cuban pork sandwich was amazing!
First bite was good, second bite was delish, third bite was heaven.
Got a winner on that one.
Fun, friendly I would go back.

Great little lunch spot with a bar located on the outskirts of the turquoise triangle known as old town.
Always quality food, specials are tasty, and won't put a hurt on your wallet.
I am sure they get busier during spring training, but good to know that they are open all year.

this place is great small fantastic service a dang good bar food met a couple of friends there for lunch today excellent fish and chips the girls had salads nice leafy mix greens good size portions and like I say GREAT service

This place is a little hole in the wall off the beaten path in Old Town Scottsdale.
And if you're like me, you hate the social scene of Old Town.
But, every now and then you end up there.
This place is a great retreat from the Affliction body spray and fist pumping that is everywhere else in this neck.
I walked in and I met 3 other people who listened to Widespread Panic.
One of them was a female.
Very impressive!
The radio was a nice mix of Grateful Dead, Widespread, Black Crowes, and other jam bands.
Think I've found my new favorite bar.
I don't remember prices really as some guy there kept buying everyone shots.
I stumbled out happy.
Will be back.

Happy Hour is a joke at 50 cents off all beers.
Did not try food, had to get out because some local blond woman with glasses was yelling her whole conversation including F bombs and it could be heard everywhere in the tiny bar that contained only three other people.
No baseball package at this "sports" bar, but the bartender was friendly enough.
Get your food to go if you decide to eat here.

Great place for food and drinks.
I found this place from reviews on Yelp.
It is small and cozy and the staff is excellent.
The food was good and they have a good selection of domestic and craft beers.
I noticed there were quite a few regulars, and I can understand why.
I'd definitely go there again.

I discovered this place while walking around told town.
Great spot in the heart of Old Town.
Had a great brisket sandwich and potato salad.
The only draw back is that it is set up like a bar.
There is minimal seating outside.
The seating outside is dry.
Great old though!

We came here on a Sunday afternoon hoping to eat decent bar food.
Much to our surprise, this small, homey bar exceeded all of our expectations.
We ordered the Green Mary Lou appetizer which was very good.
My wife ordered the portobello sandwich which she absolutely devoured and I ordered the Karsen's Burger which was delicious as well.
The service was top notch and I found it amusing, yet extremely satisfying that the patron gave us a "play by play" countdown on when each dish would be coming out to be served.
4.5 stars

3.5 stars Super, super small place.
They only have bottled beer and no drink specials.
The bartender also waited our table - he was an older gentleman who was very friendly and entertaining.
The service was fast, and the food was pretty good.
The appetizer was $2 off (food special) so it was worth it.
If you're in the mood for a small bar with reasonably priced and reasonably tasting food, this place is worth visiting.
I would have given this place 4 stars if they had better drinks/drink specials.
Appetizer: Green Mary Lou: reminded me of a crispier, thicker quesadilla.
A little heavy and greasy but really good!
Would have gone really well with a dark beer.
Entrees: 1) Karsen's Burger: simply dressed burger, but the meat was pretty good 2) Portobello veggie sandwich which was stacked!

Are you kidding me?
So tiny, so warm, so awesome!
Went there for lunch today.
I had the pulled pork sandwich and my girlfriend had the brisket sandwich.
Both were outstanding!
Also had the Green Mary Lou appetizer.
Holy crap it was good!
As far as customer service, these people "get it.
" They were genuinely happy that we were there and made us feel so welcome.
Friendly, warm, and attentive.
We left smiling, knowing that we had found another "go to" gem in Scottsdale!
Can't wait to go back again.
Maybe tomorrow...

Holy Moly!
Best Cuban sandwich I've ever had!!
Thank you bartender Jim for the recommendation..   Never disappointed at Karsen's..

Thank you Yelp for introducing us to Karsen's!
Had an amazing lunch today - Green Mary Lou was great, and some of the BEST green chile enchilada soup I've ever tasted!!
Very friendly staff/owners, and nice hidden gem.
Small spot, but definitely worth trying (again and again)!

We spent new years day in Old-town Scottsdale and then spent another good 20 minutes looking up yelp restaurants and walking to different parts of old-town to find they were closed on New Years day.
We passed this restaurant and it smelled really good, but I'm ashamed to admit we bypassed it because it didn't look as cutesy as the other restaurants we were looking at.
Plus it wasn't on the first page of yelp ;).
Finally after striking out for the 3rd time, I stopped and yelped the restaurant name and it came up with great reviews.
I was not disappointed at all.
I got their chipotle burger special while my family respectively ordered their cuban sandwich, french dip and another burger plate.
The food was great and the service was phenomenal!
Our drinks never made it past the halfway mark and he made sure we had everything we wanted right away.
Next time I'll be trying that cuban sandwich, I snuck a bite off my mom's and it was very tasty and I loved the (french?
) bread.
My new years resolution is to try a restaurant without the compulsive need to yelp it and to trust my nose over the exterior of a place.

quiet little bar.
really small and cozy.
friendly bartender that makes yummy drinks :) kind of hidden on a side street but walking distance from all the other bars and clubs in scottsdale.

At first glance this place looks like a bar in a strip mall.
It is so much more than that.
The bartenders were great and had good recommendations on local beer/wines.
I had the three cheese grilled cheese with bacon.
Differently a great twist on a classic.

Very friendly.
Great soup, decent sandwiches.
Central location next to big public parking lot.
A good Apple-cranberry crisp.

The guy working there was nice.
Their food is not great at all.
There is a full bar, which is nice.
There is nothing on draft (all bottles).
But they accept credit cards, so that is good.

Karsen's grill is a great venue in Old Town to escape from the tourist vibe.
It has that nice dive appeal dim lighting, generous pours, and a friendly atmosphere.
Menu is pretty extensive for such a small bar.
They have daily specials and plenty of comfort food on their menu.
I had their meatloaf special and it was a very generous portion and very reasonably priced.
Be aware that if you are anti-social then this is not the place for you as conversation amongst the patrons is bountiful ;^).
Karsen's Grill is definitely on my return to list when I'm I return to PHX!

Great local "joint" with the friendliest bartender ever and great food, too!
Get the Nachos with the Machaco Beef.
We were full and very happy.
Only sad thing was to leave so soon!

Wife and I were in Old Town Scottsdale looking for a place we haven't eaten at before.
We stumbled upon Karsen's Grill, and checked out the menu.
The 2 ladies working at the time, were very friendly, helpful and gladly answered any questions we had regarding the menu.
At the table next to us, there was a lady and her daughter eating, and she was telling us about the food, and how good things are.
One of ladies that was working mentioned "We have the best Burgers in Old Town Scottsdale....".
I was wanting a light lunch, but Im also our family's resident "Burger Expert".
CHALLENGE ACCEPTED!
I ordered the Karsen's Burger, and my Wife ordered the Mary Lou.
I couldn't stop looking at the food at the table next to us.
It looked fantastic!
A couple times I actually wondered if its really bad form to grab something off someone else's table and eat it.
Food shows up, and we dig in.
Wife is in a steady state of impersonating miss packman, so I had a good idea she was liking her plate.
I took a bite of the Burger, and immediately had that "cocked head" look a dog has when its thinking.
This burger was THE BEST I have had!
Not greasy.
Not seasoned to death.
The bun toasted to perfection!
As I devoured the burger, I turned to the fires.
Fries are a funny thing, as every one has different taste.
These were fried potatoes.
Period.
And crunchy.
In other words.....PERFECT!
Ive been eating burgers for 40 years.
This place has been around for 20+ years.
HOW have I not eaten here before?
Doesn't matter!
I found it now, and Im coming back!
Well done Karsen's!
Thank you for an absolutely delicious lunch!

This is a great bar.
Friendly people, attentive service,  good food, and the beer is always cold.
We come here every week for the last 2 years!

Don't expect the ambiance to win you over here.
It's a small bar with about 10-15 chairs around the bar and a hand full of tables in the bar area.
The staff is as friendly as the guests and it is just a laid-back place off the beaten path.
I enjoy seeking refuge here after attending festivals in the Civic Center in the hot weather.

Went here on a Saturday for lunch I was the only one there and sat at the bar.
The bartender was super friendly and nice and made a really good Bloody Mary.
It was pretty spicy and had a few olives and a cucumber and lime which was nice.
I ordered a BLT and fries.
The fries were excellent.
They were steak fries and really hot and crispy.
The sandwich was not the best thing I've ever had.
The marble rye was nicely toasted but the bacon was just a little too hard.
I would come back and try a different sandwich or a dessert.
The bartender mentioned the desserts are made by a famous phoenix baker.
Overall reasonably priced and have a friendly staff.

This place is small but the drink selection and food were pretty good.
I would come here again but for drinks and appetizers.
It can get pretty loud but the place is fun.
There was only one server who was also the bartender.
4 stars over all...

