This particular Taco Bell has never forgotten to complete my order, and has always taken "special requests" easily.
Not like some of the others...

"I read the news today...Oh boy!
"  http://tinyurl.com/ylpza9a  Glenn Bell Jr. died this past weekend at the tender age of 86...a long life of slingin' taco's to be sure:)  I hadn't been to Taco Bell in almost 4 years, until today...I was moved to drop by Taco Bell in a sort of tribute to Glenn...one of the more prominent "voices" during my formative years:)  This Taco Bell in particular...store # 22354 is one of the more important spiritual touch points for paying tribute to Glenn...Scottsdale was the home of the first Taco Bell franchise (and the fact that Westaco, Inc's.
HQ is in the same lot with this store makes them the defacto, if not actual, heir to the legacy of Glenn Bell:)  I had my first Taco Bell taco in Corvallis, Oregon in 1970 when I hit college with a mighty crash:)  It was the second time I had ever had "Mexican" food..the first time was a week prior at a place called Taco Time in Eugene, Oregon.
I was thrilled to find out about pizza, Italian food, pizza, Mexican, pizza, chinese take out, pizza...you get the drift...I was a country boy in the (for me) big city and I was going to find out all about life's pleasures...starting with taco's:)  I was hooked on Taco Bell for a long time (a time that, coincidentally, was the time when I had very little money yet still needed to eat occasionally:)  Taco Bell and the others filled the role of reasonably tasty maintenance eating for a long, long time...it was a truism in 1975 that no one...no one... could eat $5.00 worth of Taco Bell at a sitting, all by themselves:)  Could.Not.Be.
Done!
It may still be "truish" with the "cheapo" menu:)  But it has never really been very good:(  That was something I actually didn't discover until a trip to LA with a girlfriend (the same trip that I discovered In-n-Out:)...real Mexican food is very different than the goop that Glenn had sold me over the years...and very much better:)  But that didn't stop me from eating at Taco Bell...beggars can't be chooser's...and I was a beggar for a few years.
Today was a nostalgia stop for me (as was my last visit to a Taco Bell a few years ago), as well as a tribute to Glenn:)  I was more interested in watching my "beefy burrito" being made this time...the ladies in the kitchen pulled various levers in response to the computerized instructions for my order on the monitors overhead...the different shades of unidentifiable goop that cascaded onto the flour tortillas...the quick hand movements of their ritual wrapping of the burrito (I once dated a girl that worked at Taco Bell...she knew how to wrap a burrito...but that's another story:)  It still isn't very good food...but everyone at this location is sweet and pleasant, my order was correct, I was in severe need of a retox after a 6 miler this morning and I did manage to eat about 2/3 of the burrito...even with mulitple "bags" of hot sauce it was not very good:(  But that's not the fault of the sweet ladies behind the counter, nor of Westaco, nor of Glenn Bell...I think when Pepsi or YUM or whoever got their hands on Taco Bell...well...I'm not writing this to get on a rant about corporate agendas vs. quality:)  I wanted to give them an extra star...just for being who they are and where they are, but I hear the spirit of Glenn Bell telling me "don't do it, Donald...make them earn it" :-)  That's all I need, another voice in my head...Thanks Glenn:)

Taco Bell aka "Taco Hell" brings back amazing memories from my high school days.
There was a Taco Bell located right across the street from BHS (my high school), and if memory serves, the drive-thru was open pretty damn late; maybe even 24 hours?!
At the time, my friends and I made many a "run for the border," and I remember the food being great!
Either I was really drunk back then or Taco Bell has gone down hill or my taste buds have matured quite a bit since then, because after eating Taco Bell for dinner last night, I no longer "quiero Taco Bell.
"  Or maybe I ordered wrong?
I'm quite nauseous thinking about what I ordered (and ate) last night: -1 Mexican Pizza (540 calories / 30 grams of fat) -1 Chicken Soft Taco (180 calories / 6 grams of fat) -1 Pintos and Cheese (170 calories / 6 grams of fat)  I didn't know there was a "Drive-Thru Diet® Menu" until looking at their website just now either... oh well, I'm eating for two right now!
I also didn't realize the slogan changed to "think outside the bun" until actually listening to the radio commercials as I drove home with my food in my lap last night.
I will say that the drive-thru was super quick and my order was right and all for under $6.
What a bargain!
I'm sure Taco Bell is still a great option when you're out late, have had a few too many, and/or are eating on a budget.
But I don't recommend it when you're completely sober and it's a normal hour.
Probably not the healthiest option for the baby in my belly either...   Bottom line: I don't plan on returning for many years to come, although I do have a pretty big high school reunion coming up next year, so I may just have to give it one more shot!

I eat on the run a lot, so I depend on joints like Taco Bell to keep my hunger on standby.
I've been to this one a few times.
They're fast, accurate, and put a little extra ingredients in the Burritos.
My normal order:  7 Layer Burrito - $1.99 Cheesy Beans & Rice Burrito - $1.59  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gF_kjG2RU3lKZ7hg6wkVbw?select=YAef3F0_hOxrrW-QikIadg  It's a Taco Bell...earning more than 3 Stars would take a lot.
Return Factor - 75%

Standard Taco Bell food.
Never been inside but the drive through is nice.
No consistent customer service compared to others that I've been to.
But this one is right down the street from where I live so I frequent it a lot when needing food fast!

Great taco bell.
Love the service , love the location , love the staff.

It's been a while since I've been to this Taco Bell.
I dropped in for lunch yesterday and had great service from the cashier Juan.
He was friendly, patient, and made sure the order was correct.
He also made recommendations to customers on the combo menu if it saved them money or if there was a similar items that they might be interested in.
He should be recognized for his effort as most fast food employees don't give a **** about their job or customers.
My food came out fast and accurate.
I ordered a 7 Layer Burrito and 2 Bean Burritos.
The only knock on it was that the Bean Burritos were messy.
When they wrapped them, they got red Sauce all over the outside of it...so the Sauce got on my hands.
Oh well, that happens sometimes during the busy lunch rush.
Return Factor - 60%

Honestly, I would never write a Taco Bell review...
But when I went through the drive-through everybody here was so friendly.
My order came out perfect, and I am pretty bratty when it comes to my Taco Bell.
In the end, next time I want Taco Bell, I will definitely come to this one.

Went through the drive though and I ordered a Mexican Pizza with sour cream, and a Dorito's Loco Taco.
Received a Mexican Pizza with no sour cream, and a regular taco.
The customer service was so/so.
I wrote corporate and complained because this was about the millionth time they have screwed up a order when I was the only car in the drive through, and they sent me a coupon, for two items of my choice, and the GM called me and said I could come in and she would replace my food.
Glad they fixed the problem, but I really am starting to believe their employees just go through the motions of their minimum wage pay, and could care less if they screw up or not.
Seems to be the trend at most fast food places now a days.

It's your average Taco Bell.
The location is convenient for work and price is affordable for an inexpensive lunch.
Great service and the food tasted really good.

I ordered a taco salad, as I was eating it, I almost cracked my tooth on a small rock or pebble.
When I called to tell them, they said it was impossible and I must be mistaken.
Ridiculous.

I like to come in here and write songs while I eat.
I like how the management won't hound me to leave even when I'm on for an hour at least.

It's taco bell.
The food is okay!
They are open till 1:00 am and they can replace meat with beans which is good for vegetarians!
They have both Pepsi and Dr peppers in case you care for any of that.

