The staff is always pleasant to work with, the prices are very reasonable, and my dog comes home clean and happy.
I like that they allow the dogs to roam when they're not being groomed, last time I picked up my pup he was having a great time just hanging out with one of the groomers "supervising" the work she was doing on another dog that was there.
Most of the dogs seem of the smaller "Scottsdale-ish" variety, but the staff didn't flinch when I brought my 80+ lb Pyrenees mix.

Before I found Canine Preferred my dog Ozzie (large Lhasa Apso) was so scared to be taken to the groomers he would shake for quite a while before and after the experience.
I kept trying different places in hopes of finding a groomer that would make him happy and beautiful.
I found both with Canine Preferred.
They take such loving care of Oz that he is always excited when the time comes to go and he is never in a hurry to leave.
I can't tell you how wonderful it is to drop him off knowing he is safe and happy.
All of the staff is caring and extremely good at grooming.
I started taking Ozzie to Canine when he was 2.
He is now 15 years old and they continue to make him look so beautiful.
I also use them whenever we go out of town and I never have to worry about my sweet dog - he loves it there!
Thank you Diane (the owner) and Sarah Louise (Ozzie's groomer) for taking such loving care of my dog.
It is greatly appreciated.

I think this grooming business is one of the WORST places I have ever been to!
I am a cosmetologist myself and deal with prices, costumers, and changes every day.
I am always willing to please my clients and give them my service with a smile This place on the other hand is NOT!
The owner and staff is absolutely unprofessional and rude.
She and the people that work there have NO sense of costumer service or good business sense.
We took our dogs there for the second time and went through the most unbelievably horrid experience.
We drooped our two large dogs off at 8:30 am.
Two hours later we received a phone call at 10:30am to let us know that our lab was done BUT the Akita was not.
He was not done because the owner wanted to let me know that she was not going to honor the previous grooming price that was written on his card.
She continued to tell me, with a nasty attitude that she was going to charge me more and if I didn't want to pay more than I could come pick up the dog.
We decided that the business etiquette was so horrendous that we were going to pick them up.
When we arrived at the shop..we were promptly told in our face that we were charged $50 last time..where they then showed us the amount charged as $50 on his client card.
How can a business literally show us what they charged last time then argue that they were holding my dog hostage id we did not pay MORE?
Who does that?
?Then AMAZINGLY owner and another worker attacked me verbally and laterally GOT IN MY FACE to block my way to leave.
I absolutely cannot believe this place is in business.
This was the absolute WORST place i have ever spent my hard earned money and i would N E V E R recommend anyone to EVER go there!

I have three king charles cavaliers so grooming can get expensive if I'm not careful.
The prices here are very reasonable for basic grooming to getting them shaved down to just getting nails trimmed.I've even had my dogs stay the night there when I went out of town and they loved it.
Always have good results and the staff has always treated us right.
Definitely give this place a try!

Solid no-cage grooming location in Old Town.
I brought my miniature poodles in for a grooming, and was pleasantly greeted by the groomer and about a dozen dogs.
My dogs are extremely social, so I like that they got to play a little in between their clippings.
Most importantly, Guinness and Stella looked fantastic when I picked them up!
My only gripe is that they charged me $5 more per dog than any other groomer in the area.
Regardless of the price, I'll still go back.

i can't say enough good things about this place.
Diane and both Sarahs as well as the rest of the staff have always done an outstanding job on our two brussell griffons.
We live in So.
California but have a home in Scottsdale.
We are here every 4-6 weeks for a long weekend.
This is the only place we use to groom our dogs.
We love the fact that the dogs have time to interact with  other dogs without being confined to a cage.
Marilyn B.

A great place!
They always do a great job, on time and for the price quoted.
They are just so great with my best furry buddy.
He loves to play and visit with all of his friends at the shop.
I am always greeted by name and with a smile.

Just took Mr. Poodle Pants (aka my standard poodle, Henri) to visit Canine Preferred.
The reviews on yelp prompted me in the door with my precious baby, and they were to be trusted!
Amanda was patient, took time to discuss with me what I was looking for with regards to Henri and his look, and when I left the choice in her hands (based on his needs/hair length etc.
) I was very pleased with the result.
He is clean, fluffy, handsome and happy.
The cage-free aspect of this grooming facility makes me happy.
Henri was clearly not stressed or anxious when I came to get him.
It's like he's been on a doggy play date, and happened to get clean and gorgeous at the same time.
So pleased to have found a groomer in Arizona!!

I'm 'snowbirding' here in Scottsdale....my precious Yorkie, Vida had not been groomed since December.
She was in some serious need of some grooming.
Stumbled upon Canine Preferred via a flyer.
The reviews sounded great so we gave it a try.
Awesome place.
Everyone was super friendly and very chill.
Vida had a great time and looked great when I picked her up.
The cage-free is definitely a big bonus.

So there I was, on a Saturday morning, 8am looking for someone- anyone to take my mangy but adorable Yorkie Miley who was WAY overdue for her grooming/haircut.
I tried 5 other places that morning who were too busy, closing early or wanted her papers (which I didn't have on me at the time).
I finally tried Canine Preferred, and they took her in right away, worked with my short timeframe, even had her done an hour earlier than anticipated.
When I came to pick her up, she looked better than she had from any other groomer I've taken to her.
I knew I found my new regular groomer.
I was not charged any extra fees, in fact the fee was almost $10.00 less than the other places I was looking at.
I won't be going anywhere else.
Well done Canine Preferred, I am one happy customer!
Tip- take cash, they did not accept atm when I went, so had to make a run to the bank.

I spent many years wasting my time and money going to PetSmart for grooming.
Canine Preferred was recomended to me and I haven't turned back.
I LOVE that the place is cage free and they do such an AMAZING job on my 12yr old siberian husky Nikita.
At PetSmart I would have to bring her in later to get re-brushed - I never have that problem here, she looks beautiful and they always get all her under-coat out so she doesn't keep shedding after we get home.
You can get in fast and they work with your schedule to drop off and pick up.
I would recommend Canine Preferred to anyone who needs a great groomer!

We've been going here now for over a year, and the poodles love it.
As soon as we pull up to the building they get very excited, so I know that they are treated well  inside.
Something to note, they don't take credit cards, so you'll need to have cash on hand when you pick up the pups.

So here I am pet sitting my girlfriend's Yorkie Penelope while reading a Yelp review about another Yorkie named Miley.
I just had to call Canine Preferred to see if they could transform Penelope into the cutie pie I knew was lurking under her "Cousin It" crop of hair.
Diane fit me in on a Saturday morning and the result speaks for itself!
Review Penelope's before and after photos and tell me WHICH Yorkie YOU would want to cuddle.
In short, Canine Preferred ROCKS!!!
Thanks to Diane and her brilliant talent in transforming Penelope into the most adorable puppy...I might mention that Penelope is actually 8 years old yet she now looks like the most adorable puppy thanks to Diane's magical skills.

Took my pet for her first teeth cleaning today.
WOW, the beautiful work done at Canine Preferred should be shouted from the rooftops!
Where else can you find natural cleaning without any meds.
All for only 85.00 and my pet now has the freshest breath imaginable.
A special shout out to Mike Kintzer for his amazing work and anesthesia free teeth cleaning!

Yay!
A quality facility that took excellent care of my dogs.
All of the right questions were asked when we dropped them off, leaving us feeling very good about leaving our pups in their care.
Both dogs seemed happy and stress free when we arrived to pick them up.
My bichon was groomed beautifully - not an easy task, I know!
I am so happy to have found such a great groomer so close to home.

This place is so wonderful.
Very friendly staff who really care about the dogs and extremely reasonable price.
Their grooming is also excellent.
This was the only place I found that grooms my dog EXACTLY the way I explained it AND did it the SAME every time.
The dogs are not crated, which I loved.
I have taken my dog to many places before I found this place and it is the BEST one I have found.
The customer service is WONDERFUL with REAL people.
They know my fiance and I by name and know our dogs' names.
When I called to make an appointment once I was even told congratulations on my engagement, which took me by surprise because I couldn't believe she knew me.
The staff is very personal, which says a lot about the kind of people they are and their business.

Love love love this place.
Buddy is so happy when he comes to visit here weekly.
This is his extended family and I am grateful for the care you take with Buddy.
I do my best to let everyone know about the care and love you all have for dogs.
Thank you.

I'm very picky about people who care for those that I love.
After just 1 visit, there is no hesitation in my mind that Canine Preferred deserves 5 stars!
We just moved to a neighborhood and needed a new place to keep our Buddy looking good, so I went to Yelp!
Sara was very accommodating to our schedule and took great care of Buddy.
Often times Buddy shakes when I pick him up, but he was calm and happy when I picked him up.
Sara cut him just as I asked so he can enjoy our "winter" here without being too hot.
You could tell she took her time of his face which required a lot of patience (he turns his head when scissors come at his face).
Their prices are reasonable, but I think my favorite part is that after the dogs are groomed, they just walk around and hang out with the groomers or they go into a room that's perfect for dogs-no cages!
I will definitely be taking Buddy back and recommending Canine Preferred.

Macie is our 8 month old Yorkie baby.
I am extraordinarily picky about anyone that groomers her in any way, even her nails.
I have been too scared to get her clipped for several reasons; unsure the groomer would give me the desired look and nervous about leaving her anywhere.
I've never left her with a groomer where I did not stay the entire time and watch them.
Diane at Canine Preferred in Scottsdale, AZ changed all of that.
I did my research about their location (and many others in the Scottsdale area) prior to my final selection - I was pleased with her reviews, experience level and appreciated she is a no kennel facility.
When discussing the grooming process with her she was very confident and made me feel secure about her abilities and the safety of Macie being in her care.
When I returned to pick up Macie I was literally shocked!
My baby looked amazing!
:) I was SO pleased that she has the freedom to play with the other dogs and had the exact cut from the picture I showed Diane.
We are officially repeat customers!

We have been taking our Goldendoodle, Daisy to Canine Preferred for 6 years and we couldn't be happier!
They take very good care of her and Daisy loves to go get beautified.
We have never had a bad experience and we appreciate the love and attention they give to Daisy.

Opie was in to visit Ryan and absolutely love him.
Opie got a great clip and bath and had so much fun, he is a very happy and beautiful little Havanese now.
We will be back for sure.

Called in to see if there are any openings for same day service and was advised to come on in.
Decided to get my lil guy Rocky a bath his nails grinder trim and a de shedding treatment.
Was advised that there were two dogs ahead of him which was no biggie since he got to play with other dogs which he LOVED!!
Came back for him once I got a call and he was the happiest dog ever he also looked and smelled so good!
He's also extra soft.
Love this place will def.
bring him back to these lovely ladies.

my girls were in DESPERATE need of some TLC!!!
the staff @ canine preferred were PHENOMENAL!!!
i can't say enough!!!.
never mind that i have the best dogs ever (biased), but iwas able to get an appt on sat & they called me to caome EARLY when they had an opening!!!!
hands down... my "girls" will be going back!!!
thank you canine preferred!!!

