MASTER CHEF COOKING CLASSES  Master Chef is one of my favorite shows and when I saw that LCB was offering a cooking class I wanted to check it out.
I'm already an awesome cook but one can always improve!
$99 for a 4 hour class seemed steep but I figured I'd get a lot out of it.
I chose the stocks, sauces and soups class.
I had fun and I learned a few things but 4hours is TOOO short to really learn how to caramelize bones and other techniques.
The Chef told us how to do it, but he had to rush through explaining so many things it was easy to get confused in all the French terms.
I t would have been helpful to have had a print out of the terms and translations as well as the instructions.
And for $99 I really was expecting more than an apron and a few recipe cards.
I wouldn't take another class there.

As I finish up my last months of externship, I find myself wondering....why?
Why didn't I shop around a little more?
Don't get me wrong, I do feel as though I learned a great deal here, but the price is quite high and there's a lot going on these days that just rub me the wrong way.
Exhibit A: we used to have a library with real books...now we have an empty room.
We have a cyber library.
Well...what I am to do when this online library real-life crashes and I needs to get my read on?
Exhibit B: we used to have a fairly extensive financial aid department, but they are gone now, just like the books.
Now I get to deal with some Joe shmoe on the net from who knows where.
Exhibit C: no more student services peeps.
Ok, really?
These are probably three of the more important things students need guys!
Also, if you want to be in class with people who are serious about their culinary careers, you might want to look elsewhere...cause there are a lot of kids who have mama and daddy paying for them to dick around...I get it, maybe in the first few classes, but even at the end of school, people are allowed to barely skate by with D's.
I want to be in a learning environment with people who care, too.
Maybe I'm asking too much...but maybe I'm not.
There are some really great chef's here, but the politics and the way the school is run just makes for a lackluster experience.

I wasn't very impressed with this class.
I took a "holiday appetizer" course, and expected much more.
The dishes they showed us were very amateur, and the assistants weren't' very prepared.
Those of us who took the course had to search for simple thanks like spatulas and other cooking devices.
The whole thing seemed pretty disorganized.

AS A CULINARY SCHOOL  There are many positives and negatives to attending this school.
I was very impressed with the skill, honesty and passion of instructors while I attended school here.
I have been very successful based on what I took away from the program.
However, Ive seen many students fall through "the cracks" because they don't speak up, step forward, take initiative and ask questions.
I think you have to be strong willed and aggressive to succeed in this field.
The same applies while attending school.
The school has cut back too much.
The tool kit, the library, the restaurant, among other things.. its a huge disappointment.
I really enjoyed the former library very much and the restaurant.
The extended externship and cut in classes is also sad.
On the other hand, I have received many job offers based on this education, and I think the value from the experience was worth every penny, but I applied myself to be extremely successful and it was the one on one experiences with the instructors that made the difference.
I highly reccomend attending Le Cordon Bleu if you have the drive and passion to succeed in this industry.
They will help you.
AS A MASTER CHEF COOKING CLASS  Some classes are very good and some are very bad.
Its unfortunate that they lack sufficient planning and often use students last minute to help out.
I think they do the public a disservice sometimes.
Le Cordon Bleu has the opportunity to show their talent and inspiration and sometimes they just fall flat.
I think often its just because they don't plan ahead and prepare well for these classes.
My experience is they often are scrambling last minute to throw it together.
Never a good way to do anything.

I went to an open house here that rubbed me the wrong way.
The admissions counselors felt like car salesmen who sat all the attendees down at computers after the tour to make you fill out a school application online.
I asked why they wanted my social security # at an information session and they said its to begin the process.
Then before leaving they asked me to sign my printed application!
I refused, crossed out my entire SSN in plain sight on their application and walked out.
Be careful, if not because of the commission-style vulture tactics then the lack of information security.
I read that the LCB name was bought by a private equity group a few years back and I guess this is the money-focused result.

