Jennifer is your skin's concierge.
She is an educated expert and knows just how to treat your skin, no matter what your age or skin type.
She is compassionate, friendly and professional.
I have dry skin that can be sensitive.
Jen knows exactly what my skin needs and how it will respond.
She has helped even my skin-tone, fade dark spots, and add a youthful glow with her treatments.
Jennifer is incredibly knowledgeable and she knows everything there is to know about the and the elements and physical circumstances that impact out skin, such as: age, hormones,  diet, medications, sun, heat - you name it.
She is flexible with your schedule, yet always prompt and on time for your appointment.

Ahem, well -- I suppose I should throw in a review from a guy's perspective.
It would seem that I am about to admit to getting procedures that most men wouldn't dare, but I'm willing to risk my manliness because Jennifer's just that good!
I regularly receive skin treatments from her as well as a little bit of wax here and there.
You know - to avoid Albert Einstein-esque eyebrows.
(I totally just admitted that, didn't I?!?!
)  My skin has a tendency to be sensitive, and I have had issues with treatments from other aestheticians causing break-outs on my skin.
Jennifer's clear mastery of her craft can be reflected in the fact that my skin always looks perfect after a treatment.
She is eternally professional, courteous, and her effervescent personality make it easy to recommend her to anyone seeking skin-care services.

Jennifer Swink has been doing my facials/microderms/dermaplaning for years.
She is the best.
She really knows what she is doing.
Give her a try!

I have been contemplating writing this review for a couple months, only because I am a bit selfish and don't want her book to fill up!
I first went to see Jennifer after visiting several 'Esthetician's' to find the perfect one to groom my face for my wedding in November.
I was stressing big time, I couldn't find anyone who could really transform my skin and I became convinced it's probably just me.
I was going through yelp one day thinking that I need to give this another go.
Jennifer returned in my search and I saw her great reviews, I figured, why not.
I called her and she was able to get me in right away.
Upon meeting her, you are blown away at her beauty and at that point, I was convinced.
If she can maintain that look then I am sure she can bring my skin from drab to fab!
You know what I am talking about ladies, if you want a mullet you'll go see a hair stylist who sports one, just like if you want fab skin, you'll see an esthetician that sports fab skin.
Then it started, she won me over immediately with her no-nonsense attitude towards skin, I mean if your looking for a facial that includes a dark room with candles, music of the far east and a shoulder rub, don't go to Jennifer.
She is the true meaning of an esthetician, her room is cozy & comfortable but it doesn't have the feeling you get from the 'esthetician' at a spa who care more about the jasmine oil burning then your skin.
She cares about skin and wants to transform it, her passion is truly evident in her work.
With that being said, I think I have gone to Jennifer at least once a month since our first meeting.
She introduced me to dermaplaning, light chemical peels, and most of all truly amazing skin!
I told her that she should start taking before and after pictures, I mean the change is very evident.
I look like me with a more even skin tone, smaller pores and just healthy looking skin.
She makes it easy too, with very low prices and constant specials.
She has become my go-to girl and is even going to do my makeup on the big day!
I am so happy I found her and because I am the type that wants to give back in someway, you should go see Jennifer if you love your skin and want to maintain it's beauty or re-freshen it.
Oh and best part, she doesn't try to sell you anything!
I mean nothing, no future services or products!
Love it!

I first saw Jennifer as part of a Living Social deal that included a facial.
When I asked her what she thought I should do about my adult-acne-prone skin, she told me facials actually weren't the best thing and that I should try microderm abrasions and chemical peels instead.
Having had several facials with no results, I decided to take her advice - and I'm so glad I did!
My skin looks much better after a visit with Jennifer, and the monthly deals she e-mails to her clients make it affordable for me to see her regularly.
Not does she know her stuff, Jennifer is friendly and easy-going, always making skincare visits a pleasant experience!

Jennifer Swink, please keep doing what you do forever!
I'm so relieved to finally have found an esthetician who is honest without being condescending, educational without being pushy, and gets down to business while still being thorough, attentive, and caring.
The first time I came in, I had a Yelp deal coupon, but Jennifer didn't give me attitude or treat me like a lesser client because of it - which I SO appreciate.
The treatment consisted of a four-part facial service for a slammin' price.
After getting settled in the room, I explained my concerns and problem areas, and she laid out her plan of action for my service.
She walked me through every step, answered all of my questions, and made me feel completely comfortable in her hands... even when they were holding a blade to my face and scraping dead skin off it.
That's real trust right there.
Surprisingly, Jennifer took the time to give me the advice I wanted without trying to sell me anything.
Seriously.
But that's just how good she is: if you really want to improve your skin, you're gonna go to her.
She doesn't have to shove product down your throat to convince you that you "need" something.
I find her services well-priced for the quality, especially given that she runs specials monthly and provides individual treatments a la carte.
If you are looking for the "spa" experience, as previously mentioned, this isn't the place to go.
Though Jennifer's room is cozy and casual, sometimes there will be a little noise from the salon traffic, but it's nothing disruptive.
Her room is still separated from the salon in a way that the atmosphere it creates is relaxing and calming.
I brought a friend in the next week for a facial, and he also had a great experience.
I ended up purchasing a few products because I was so impressed with the results and Jennifer's knowledge.
I plan on coming back as often as my wallet will allow so my skin will keep looking awesome!

I've been to several aestheticians all over northern & southern California, Las Vegas and even Montana.
I couldn't find anyone who has done what Jennifer Swink has done for my skin.
I discovered Jennifer Swink while searching through Yelp and chose her for my skin care treatment due to the reviews and ratings.
I'm so glad I did!!
While still super friendly, she gets down to business - which is something I appreciate because I just want to see results!
She took the time to educate me in regards to my daily skin care, skin type and the products I should and shouldn't be using.
I love that she isn't pushy about selling products, it really shows that she actually cares about treating my skin.
I've been to her twice in the past three weeks and due to the amazing results I see in my skin, I plan on going back to her on a regular basis.
Her services are affordable for the great quality she provides.
Jennifer really knows what she is doing and it shows!

If you are wondering if you should go see Jennifer, you absolutely should!!!
Your skin will never look better after she does her magic.
You won't be disappointed!

I had my first appointment with Jennifer yesterday, and I was very impressed with my experience.
She kept me informed throughout the entire service, and gave wonderful recommendations based off of my skin type.I could instantly see the improvement in my skin.
I have already booked my next appointment!

Jennifer is simply amazing!
I am one of those that started battling acne as an adult.
I have spent years trying to find a resolution, which included expensive treatments and products that in the end would not even help.
Thankfully, I found Jennifer last year and all of my skin problems have come to an end.
I never thought I would see the day!
Not only does my skin look and feel amazing, but I can actually afford to do the treatments as often as I would like.
I remember the days where I would dread going for skin treatments because my skin would hurt so bad and I would feel so self conscious leaving the office with no makeup on and my face, and the acne would look worse.
When I leave from seeing Jennifer for a treatment, my skin is glowing!
I truly never thought I would see the day when I would actually be able to go without coverup makeup.
I always hated after a facial, the esthetician would line up bottles of expensive products she wanted me to buy.
I was so impressed that Jennifer actually sent me home with samples to try at my first appointment.
I was so grateful because I found the products that felt good and seemed to work and I have been able to use them ever since!
I look forward to my dermaplaning and chemical peels every time!

I have been going to Celebrity Skin since I first got a yelp deal for it.
Jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable.
I can hardly go a month without a "fix".
And now, she's got a website where you can schedule your appointments.
I LOVE high tech and this hands down beats the old method of exchanging text messages.

Jennifer Swink is an incredible estitician.
Before I met Jennifer, I suffered from oily skin, breakouts, large pores, fine lines and uneven skin tones.
Flash forward a year later, my skin has never looked better.
It's amazing after one treatment I could see the difference in my skin tone.
I was hooked after the first visit.
Not only is she the best as what she does, but she is really a pleasure to be around...which comes in very handy during extractions.
I highly recommend Celebrity Skin!

Read any other review... there is nothing but praise for Jennifer.
Owner of Celebrity Skin, she knows her stuff and is absolutely amazing.
She is great at what she does, is thorough, honest, gives great advice, and truly cares about her clients.
She has recommended some things to me that have helped my skin, and have helped in other walks of life as well.
I bow down to Jennifer for helping my skin drastically improve!
If you have acne problems... especially if they are hormonal, don't waste another second and run to Jennifer!!!
If you have any other skin issues, or simply want a great microdermabrasion, extractions, dermaplaning, oxygenation or any other treatment... you cannot go wrong with Jennifer.
Jennifer is the best!

I first found Jennifer on Yelp, and all the reviews are true!
She is so nice and gets right to business!
After seeing her now for several months, the texture and evenness of my skin has drastically improved.
I'm 34 and started to notice my skin not looking fresh and tight as it used to.
I see Jennifer every 3 weeks and my skin looks great!
I've also been using a few products from the skincueticals line and I love that they don't make me break out, especially the spf 50, which doesn't go on chalky or cakey and protects my skin from the AZ sun.
I would recommend Jennifer to anyone I know and anyone wants to see improvement in their skin- from acne to wrinkles.

It's only been two days since I saw jennifer for an extraction/microderm abrasion/light peel.
She was so straight forward and informative, yet super friendly!
By the time I left the appointment I felt a great connection with her and can't wait for another appointment.
P.s.
gave me her personal cell number in case I had immedIate qUestions.
Who  does that?
So great.

Jennifer is amazing.
I would recommend her to anyone!
Even after my first appointment I saw dramatic improvements, some problems even went away completely!
This is not a foo-foo facial.. she does work!
I am so happy to have found someone that's a fair price and who will actually improve my skin.
She's very friendly and knowledgeable, I have enjoyed every appointment.

Jennifer is very professional and her knowledge and opinions about skin care are the best I've heard.
I've spoken with several dermatologist doctors about skin issues.
If you do the same, you'll realize medical practice does not fully understand how acne works or know how to treat it.
It is very opinion based.
One may say benzyl while another tells you benzyl is trash and prescribe Clindamycin Phosphate.
One doctor said sugar does not cause acne through her studies, but she tells me she will get a pimple if she eats too much chocolate (sugar).
I will not begin to compare her to other dermatologists in the area (ie Mill Ave) because I don't even want to put Jennifer on that level.
They may have done more harm than good with their acne facials.
Listen to Jennifer.
She has answers to what the doctors could not answer.
She makes sense and is confident with her practice.
Jennifer can be a little pricey with her products but you get what you pay for.

