I've sat on this review a long time because Zizzo's is already so busy I didn't want to share.
But that's not nice.
Everyone needs a good tailor and they are so hard to find.
So, I give you all Zizzo's.
This is THE place.
Phil is both hilarious and brilliant at fitting.
In the spirit of full disclosure, I have to admit that he is my neighbor.
But that in no way has influenced my review.
If you don't believe me, ask Neiman Marcus.
They send stuff out to Zizzo's.

As Good as it gets is Right Zizzo's is amazing.
After taking my jeans to dozens of places, including Saks and Nordies, Phil @ Zizzo's understood what I wanted and boy did he deliver.
There is nothing in the valley that even comes close to the quality and professionalism this little shop spews.
A+++++++++++ Can I get an amen?

I have been going here for years.
They are really nice when I need something fast...Phil knows what he is doing and if you aren't sure about an item he is truthful and a good source on where to find the right shoes and hand bags to match...you will be happy you went there!

What can I say.
I Love love love this place great customer service fast and great quality of tailoring I always bring in my seven jeans to have shortend they look perfect everytime I pick them up.

Amazing!
I took in shirts, dresses, pants, purses that needed to be fixed...is there anything they can't do?!
Great customer service, great at listening to try and understand what I want.
I tried lots of other places prior to ZIZZOs & was never satisfied with the end results.
This place delivers &  I'll never go anywhere else!
:) :) :)

Since moving to the Valley I had been searching for a good tailor.
Thanks to Yelp I discovered Zizzo and can say without a doubt all of the positive reviews are accurate!
I originally brought three dress shirts in to "test" Zizzo out.
I was greeted immediately by the one and only Phil who has a personality the size of Camelback and the tailoring skills to match it.
He is incredibly inviting, friendly, and has a GREAT sense of humor.
The shop is nothing too "impressive" but Zizzo proves that you don't need to build a streamlined and unwelcoming sterilized environment to produce the best work in the Valley.
After getting my shirts back from Phil and being thoroughly pleased, I decided to go ahead and take my tuxedo in to Phil and sure enough just yesterday I got it back and he did a fantastic job with it!
Phil will be honest and tell you his opinion on your garments and whether he feels you REALLY need to get something tailored or not.
He will not charge you to alter any aspect of a garment that doesn't truly "need" it, but of course is willing to should you decide you want it!
I look forward to bringing the rest of my suits in and having them "modernized" =)   Keep singing,  -Jerron

This is why I LOVE YELP!
I was looking for a new tailor and I drive by this place all the time.
When I looked it up on yelp I was so impressed by what I read I had to try them for myself.
Phil definitely lives up to his reputation.
He knows his stuff and I appreciated his "brutal" honesty up front.
Hey if your tailor can't be honest with you who can be?
Rather than trying something easy, like a simple hem, I brought them a dress that needed some complicated alterations.
Their reviews seemed like they could handle it.
Now, the dress fit's beautifully, much better.
I really appreciated the expertise and customer service from the tailors at Zizzo.
Thank you!

First off, I should note that I have very limited experience with tailoring before two weeks ago.
I had called Zizzo to ask about the approximate cost of tailoring a suit jacket, and the gentleman on the phone told me that he couldn't give me a cost estimate -- it depended on what needed to be done.
Because the reviews for nearby Fifth Ave Alterations suggested that suit jacket tailoring was around $20, I took my two jackets to them.
Before leaving, I asked about the cost and was told that the boss would call me with an estimate.
The next day, someone at Fifth Ave Alterations called to tell me it would be $32 (cash only) for two suit jackets that just needed sleeves to be tightened and shortened.
Those jackets came out just fine.
A few days later, I ended up finding another suit jacket with longer sleeves and decided to give Zizzo a try.
The customer service at Zizzo (Phil?
) was awesome.
He knew I had limited experience with tailoring (as did Fifth Ave Alterations), determined that I needed the sleeves shortened, and told me to return next Wednesday.
No confirmation slip or price estimate, but to be fair, I didn't ask for either.
When I returned, he didn't remember me and of course, I had no confirmation slip.
I suppose he's just so friendly that he usually remembers everyone.
Luckily I only had the one jacket and was able to point it out -- after he asked me if it was some other jacket and almost gave me someone else's item.
The total was $28 (credit accepted) for shortening the sleeves on one suit jacket.
So double the cost of Fifth Ave Alterations for essentially the same thing (shortening sleeves).
In short, great customer service at Zizzo, with the exception of almost being given the wrong item at pickup.
And perhaps I'm missing something about the quality of tailoring at Zizzo, but compared to Fifth Ave Alterations, all jackets seemed to come out fine.
Because of the double price difference, I'm likely to stick with Fifth Ave Alterations in the future.

I buy a lot of clothes off eBay, so having a good tailor is a must.
Fortunately, I've found an amazing tailor at Zizzo.
I barely have to explain what I'm looking for and they nail it every time and if I'm not 100% satisfied (which has happened only once because I was being indecisive the first time around), they fix it.
No hassles.
They're also a joy to hassle web you're in there.
It feels like the real, authentic tailoring experience you'd have expected fifty years ago.
I can't recommend them highly enough.

I'm a fan of Zizzo!
I tried them after reading good things here on Yelp, and they haven't disappointed.
They do a very good job, and they do it at a reasonable price.
The best part, however, is the customer service.
Everyone there is very personable, and Phil is especially great to work with.
A couple of weeks ago I bought a new suit.
Things fit pretty well, but obviously I needed the pants hemmed.
I called Zizzo in the morning, dropped of the suit in the afternoon, and they were able to get everything done per my request by closing time.
They not only found time to hem the pants, they also took in the seat - all in a couple of hours!
I trust them with my clothes, and encourage you to do the same!

If you want quality tailoring at a fair price go see Phil.
He has been the only tailor I have gone to for the past fifteen years and has always done a great job.
High quality, long lasting work, I have never had any complaints.
There is never a dull moment in there either as Phil will keep you entertained while you are getting fitted!

I searched for 4yrs and 6 tailors to find Phil and his father.
I've paid more (often) for less; and they've even offered to fix some poor work done by other tailors on jackets of mine.
Second generation Italian tailors with a refreshing crass attitude and unparalleled work.
Dont be turned away by Phil's sarcasm and perceived lack of caring - it is a ruse that creates a special bond between him and his fellowship.
Time after time I have brought suits, jeans, button downs to Zizzo's and they have been able to craft it to fit like a glove, literally.
I like my suits to fit me just perfectly and with my drop 10 frame and 57" chest, it's often tough.
they work delightful magic in their backrooms and the customer service, although not always PC, is the only place in town to go.
Dont think twice.

Hour-glass figures are supposed to be fun, but sometimes they're a real pain, requiring custom tailoring and alterations to prevent an unshapely form.
After a last minute invite to a charity event, requiring a prom-themed cocktail dress, I showed up at Zizzo the day of the event, dress in hand, hoping for alterations assistance.
In less than 20 minutes the fitting was complete and two hours later I picked up my dress.
The owner personally did the fitting and also referred me to an incredible dry cleaner, who steamed the dress and had it ready for me (he didn't even charge!).
Zizzo's is SO good that I drive from Tempe and haven't used anyone else since!

Anytime we need anything adjusted, we take it to Zizzo's.
They are the best in town.
We have had all different items of clothing - jeans, pants, dresses - adjusted there.
I recently took in a bathing suit top and Phil told me right out that he didn't want to do it as he was concerned the material wouldn't lay properly after it was adjusted.
You can't beat that type of honesty.
For a small place, they do a TON of business but treat everyone as if they are their best customer.
Friendly, efficient and GREAT quality tailoring.

Zizzo Tailors totally rocks!
They are the best of the best!
In the past I have bought a lot of designer clothes in Italy.
Dolce Gabbana, Versace, Cavalli, Armani...... Zizzo's is the only tailor in Phoenix that I would take my good designer clothes to be altered.
I have known Phil Zizzo for 20 years!
Thanks Phil for all your great service!

I signed up for Yelp just to write this review.
I've been here twice to have new pants hemmed and old ones taken in in the waist.
Excellent work.
And both times I had some easy quick stuff too, like a missing button and fixing the shoddy hem that Nordsrom did on my jeans.
Both times they did those quick repairs for free while I was trying on stuff.
Mr. Zizzo is super cool.
He gives me history lessons on famous Italians and Western Europe.
Phil's cool too.

Highly recommend!!
Professional, courteous, experienced with a very high quality deliverable and friendly staff.
I have been using Zizzo for about a year now.
Based on the reviews I took a couple shirts in to have fitted and it was instantly apparent this was a professional place with many long standing customers.
I found everyone chatting and laughing in a friendly atmosphere and the employees busy assisting customers.
I also found the professionalism, advice and fitting to be of superior quality.
I have since taken my suites, shirts, pants in for fitting and have received nothing less than top quality.
If you are looking for a quality and professional tailor with good prices and a little bit of neighborhood barbershop friendliness and feel at home the minute you walk in, then, Zizzo is an excellent choice.

Stop searching and just go.
I walked in with a suit jacket that I haven't worn in a couple of years and have lost weight since wearing it.
As soon as I put it on Phil told me not even to waste my money because the jacket is far too big.
Finally someone you can trust.
I went straight home and brought back my two other jackets and a pair of pants.
I plan on buying another suit this weekend and no doubt I will bring them to Zizzo.

This place is awesome!
They can fix any piece of clothing you bring to them.
I highly recommend and I am a customer for life.

If you have lived in Scottsdale or Phoenix long, you know Zizzo is the only place to take your clothes.
They are definitely not the cheapest but I would rather pay a few extra bucks than have my clothes messed up or need re-doing.
I have never had to have anything I had done there redone and I have been going there for a LONG time.
When I pick things up, I do not even bother trying them on because I know they are right.
Carmen (Zizzo) and Phil are old school pros and you can count on them to do it right.
Have some fun trying to understand Carmen's Italian accent.
He is as old school as it gets.
Look around the corner at all the people on sewing machines.
These guys do some business.

Great tailor, my stuff always turns out right.
They really know what they're doing.
Prices are reasonable and comparable to other tailors, but the quality of Zizzo's work is above all.
A bit of a drive for me but totally worth it.

Excellent hem done quickly and beautifully!
Highly recommend

My experience with Zizzo Tailor Design Boutique was extraordinary!
I took a very cute but, way too large dress to them and they made it fit perfectly.
Phil was hysterical-very sarcastic sense of humor.
My cute dress was made of very cheap material (old navy- what do you expect) and he kept exclaiming how much work it was going to be and that it was going to be a whooping $60.
I dropped it off on Monday and he said it would be ready by Friday.
You could imagine my surprise when he called Tuesday to tell me it was ready.
NEXT DAY SERVICE!
I went to get it at my lunch today and couldn't believe it was the same dress.
It was so flattering and everything looked perfect (stitching etc).
I gave Phil my card and soon found out he only charged me $46!
I wanted to leave him a tip but he wouldn't accept it- told me to put that tip money towards getting it pressed when I went on my upcoming trip.
He was so nice and generous!
I will definitely be going back to Zizzo the next time I need anything altered!

I literally left this place thinking "what else do I own that I can bring in for tailoring?
", and that was before I even saw the finished result (I mean, I had jeans hemmed, nothing crazy, but they're perfect nonetheless).
Phil is awesome.
Everything you read about him here is true.
He is full of jokes and compliments.
When I called to check on the status of my jeans (which were done next day, by the way) he said "they're great, I'm wearing them.
" haha, j'adore.
I responded "I bet they look even better on you!
" to which he responded "Are you kidding me, you've got the cutest figure in the world!
" Aww Phil, you shouldn't have.
Seriously though, I wish this guy owned a coffee shop instead of an alterations business so I could visit regularly for a little burst of sunshine.
Also, important to note, I was choosing between Zizzo and another alterations place in Scottsdale, Old Scottsdale, off fifth, you know the one, after reading about both businesses on Yelp.
Both businesses had glowing reviews, yadda yadda.
I called to the other tailor, and the guy seemed so scatter brained on the phone, even putting me on hold for a good 5 minutes because he had a long distance call come in from the Middle East?
What?
I don't know, but when it comes down to my clothes, even when it's something as simple as a denim hem, I want to make sure they're in good hands, and stellar customer service, too, goes a long way.
Long story short, Go Zizzo all the way!

Hands down, the best tailor in town (and I've been to many).
Are they the cheapest?
No...but if you enjoy quality, Zizzo is the place to go.
The best part, if you want something altered ever further, there is no fuss about it, they just do it.
My dress shirts and sport coats fit me like they were custom made.
I will never go anywhere else...

Carmen and Phil are AWESOME They act silly and sew like no one else.
They can make a custom suit or fix a jeans pocket to perfection.
They are a MUST  OLD TIME EUROPEAN TAILORING in Scotttsdale

Yelp comes through again.
Had some dress slacks that needed some TLC, and did a Yelp search, which helped me discover Zizzo.
Long story short- this place is wonderful.
Phil and his Dad own this place, and it is staffed with true artists, who will help bring your threads to their fullest potential.
Amazing prices, and Phil is hilarious, and made me laugh like crazy.
Do yourself a favor- and if you need any work done- just see Phil and Carmen- they will take great care of you.

He's the best, period.
I've been to a few tailors and none are as talented as Zizzo.

Everything great you have read about Zizzo is true.
The service and fit are so good that you'll be going through your closet looking for more things to bring in.
You owe it to yourself to see how snappy you can look in well-tailored clothes, plus Phil will make you laugh - what more can you ask for?
Don't waste time anywhere else!

I took a suit here to get altered and they did a great job for a very reasonable price.
It is a designer linen suit that didn't have a lot of structure but seemed to have a lot of possibility.
A little tuck here and there, some hemming, turning up the cuffs, shoulder pads and it now looks comfortable and classy.
I can't even sew a button but had some opinions about what needed to be done.
Phillip convinced me to listen to him and I was glad I did.
I read the reviews here on Yelp before I went and deiced to give it a try.
I'm glad I did because it is always wonderful to have a tailor you can count on.
When I picked up my suit, there was a young guy sitting, waiting for his clothes.
We were talking about the negative comments here on Yelp and he said: "Yeah, they don't get it.
" I agreed!
This place is entertaining and fun!
You just have to get over your expectations of going into a sterile, corporate environment where the person serving you has a subservient attitude.
By the way, I used another tailor in Scottsdale a year ago and they did a crappy job for $10.00 more than Zizzo's charged me.
Tailoring is one of those things that always seems a little more expensive than it should be.
But face it, you can't do it, otherwise you would!
Just go in and have fun and appreciate the environment for what it is.

Perfect in every way except for the price.
However, this place has my highest recommendation and I'd come back here if I have clothes that I really care about!
From the moment you step in, Phil will let you know that you're in his house now.
He has quick wit and great style for your fit, but it might cost you a dime or two...
I had two pairs of slacks fitted and hemmed here.
Granted, I did get them from Jos.A Banks and they were shitty (god forbid, do not buy suits from there!!
) but I didn't think that it would cost me $52 PER PAIR to perfectly shape around my juicy, luscious ass.
Bottom line is, don't buy shitty clothes.
Get the nicer clothes even if it means getting them from a discount store, or even secondhand from your rich friends in the fashion industry.
Then bring them here to get fitted.
Trust me, you won't feel like a hooker doing that.

I had such a great experience working w zizzos.
Last minute alteration?
No problem.
I had two bridesmaids dresses altered perfectly and had fun in the process.
I can't wait to use them in the future.

I moved here from Los Angeles just so I can get my tailoring done here.
One of the best experiences I've had at a tailor.
Very clean work.
Highly recommended.
Thanks

For the people who say Zizzo is too expensive, I say you get what you pay for.
Zizzo is one of only a handful of good tailors in Phoenix.
There are two places in the whole city that can take in the shoulders on a suit jacket correctly, and this is one of them.
I take all my ebay finds to them to get them worked over.
I am a size 44 in the shoulders and a 46 in the body, so the only choices are getting the shoulders taken in on a 46, or spend serious coin on made to measure.
No, it's not cheap, but I end up with work done right.
I regularly pay more for the tailoring than I did for the clothes, and it's worth every dime.
Plus, it's always comedy hour with Phil and Carmine.

How could I give them any less than 5 stars?!
Its not like they don't have enough shinning reviews!!
These guys are the best!!
Talk about amazing customer service!
I feel like their #1 customer stepping through the door every time.
My bf needed a pair of jeans hemmed the day before he was leaving on a trip and they were able to do a same day service at no additional charge.
Since he wasn't able to come in with me, they told me I could bring the jeans back in if they were still to long for no charge (which I had to do).
Since then I have brought in other articles of clothing and will continue for years to come.

There was a time in my life where I didn't own a pair of pants the right length for me.
It's the beauty of being short.
I bought a nice pair of dress pants that need to be hemmed and of course, did a Yelp search.
I read reviews on every place in town.
I was working with a timeline and ended up calling Phil.
I explained that I was going to an event where I needed the hem quickly.
He said no problem.
I got to the shop and was second or third in line, but Phil was jamming through pinning alterations and traffic control.
I waited maybe 30 seconds to get into a room to switch pants.
He asked what I wanted, pinned and chalked, and I was done.
He had me take a seat to wait while they hemmed pants.
I was in and out in less than 15 minutes.
I've been back multiple times since.
Same deal, except now Phil knows my name.
They prefer cash, but you can use a card.
Parking can be kind of tight if it's busy.
Wait anyway.
This is the only place I'll go in town.
The other reviews are spot on.
Phil's got jokes.
He's a funny guy with a lot of personality.
(There might be a 2 drink minimum.
Tip the wait staff.
It's not a hobby.

In November, I was maid of honor in my best friends wedding.
I hadn't tried on my dress in a few weeks, so I didn't realize I couldn't wear the strapless bra I had intended on wearing with it bc it would show.
The day before I left for the Caribbean, I tried it on.
Oopsies!
It wasn't horrible, but it was a little loose.
Wanting to prevent any "wardrobe malfunctions",  I called Phil (on a Mon at 9am) and asked if I could bring the dress in for slight tweaking in the bust area.
After some "last minute" teasing, he told me I could bring it right over!
He had it ready for me that afternoon!
It fit perfectly!
My previous visit, I had a vintage leather skirt altered at a great price.
There were places quoting me up to $45 just to take it in!
Ladies & gentlemen, never underestimate the power of a good tailor!
The seamstresses work very hard and the owners are friendly and patient in ensuring the perfect fit!

Wow.
Amazing customer service.
Phil made sure the hole in my pants was fixed perfectly and after explaining I was new to town needing the pants fixed for a job interview, Phil had them pressed out for me.
The whole turn around was approximately 10 minutes with great conversation.
I highly recommend them to any one.

Customer service is superb!
Got my suit and jeans altered...great job.
I will be taking another pair of  jeans in.
He's definitely tailoring my tux for that big day wid the 'Mrs.

hands down the best tailor i have been to in the US.
Nothing is too much trouble, always honest advise, never wanting to make money, always looking for the best deal for you the customer, how refreshing!!
will return time and time again.....

Amazing job with a black skirt I brought in.
Wish there was a tailor this great in Houston!
(Or at least wish I'd brought more stuff with me this trip to AZ to get tailored!).
Great service, quick (dropped off skirt Friday around 10a and had it back by 3), and fair price!
Highly recommend and look forward to coming back

This place is the best!
I needed some hems at the bottom of my pants fixed and they fixed it right on the spot.
They are so nice and I will definitely be back many more times.

I tore my suit pants on the way to Phoenix and was totally hosed!
They fixed them on the spot, quickly and did an awesome job.
Highly recommend and am very appreciative of how good their customer service is!

Zizzo is top notch!
Outstanding work, and the service is second to none.
The owner is super friendly and welcoming, and isn't shy about offering up skilled expertise to help guide you in the right direction with regards to the proper alterations that need to be done.
It's great to have a local and affordable tailor (I was going to Nordstrom before, and must have been smoking crack between the high cost, and spotty service), and I am certain that you'll always walk out with a smile on your face when taking your business to Zizzo.

Best tailor in town.
Excellent work and always comes through when you need him.
I've had pants, suits, jeans and shirts tailored here and i've always been impressed.
Highly recommended!
As some others have mentioned the parking is rough, only three spots.
And he's always busy, but that's to be expected.

I absolutely love this place, not only because they do an amazing job but because of the customer service.
I so appreciate his sarcasm and offering me hot cross buns.
Such and old school feel.
I drive from downtown to take my clothes here because, as he tells me, "You know I'll take care of you, dear.

Greatest tailor in Scottsdale!
Just brought Phil two pairs of pants that I needed shortened since I am going to Vegas in two days.
He had me in and out the door in thirty minutes.
Great service at a great price.

Comedy, sarcasm, and precise tailoring.
This is the go to place for quality affordable tailoring in Scottsdale.
Thanks to Phil and all the seamstress!!

Best tailor in town.
Phil is one of a kind and has a great sense of humor and sarcasm (don't be offended, he can come of harsh at first but you will learn to love him) =) They are reasonable and their seamstresses are rock stars.
If you need your clothes in a hurry, just bug Phil a little and they will get it done.
They do it all... Men's suits, pants, shirts... Women's dresses, pants, gowns, swim suits, etc... We would not trust our clothing to anyone else.
A piece of advice, park in the parking lot just South of Zizzo, it is a lot easier to get in and out of!

Zizzo is great.
Fast, affordable, and always fun to chat with.

