Was looking for something spectacluar and got the royal pedicure since it was the best they offered...even took a first timer.
I left with dry skin??
One toe ended up only being half painted.
Def won't be back for $65 I have found much better places.
Too bad too cause I love pedi's and go about once every other month....

A friend was visiting from out of town and we decided we wanted a pampering experience.
So, rather than go to my neighborhood mani/pedi place, we went over to old town scottsdale for lunch and a (we hoped) luxurious pedicure.
This place looked very promising, and the lady at the front really talked them up, so we took the plunge.
Everything seemed promising .
we waited in a lovely outdoor area until they were ready for us.
Then .
disappointment.
The pedicure was nothing I couldn't get for half the price, the massage chairs just vibrated, my feet were still a little rough afterward, and the paint job wasn't even that good.
Basically, this was VERY overpriced for what was an incredibly unexceptional pedicure.
We still enjoyed ourselves, but agreed we would never go back there.

Divine.
This is how I feel during one of Sophia's facials and for a long time afterwards.
She is by far the best esthetician I have ever had.
I'm 47 and a hedonist with a soft spot for beautiful skin.
Everything feels good and she has always done a fantastic job.
I splurge for the facial that includes a back, hand, and foot massage, which should be called "The Bliss" because it is.
The physical plant of the spa is lovely.
I make time to sit in the sauna and they have a Deluge shower (it's like sitting under a warm waterfall).
Kelly, the owner of the spa, is always welcoming and an excellent hostess, creating an "every need is anticipated" atmosphere.
I've been coming here for years with each visit to my parents who live nearby.
If I didn't have to travel two hours by jet, I'd be here much more often!

I never actually went into the spa or received services, but that was only because they jerked us around for two hours and screwed with our appointment due to other clients requesting a longer stay.
We made reservations for 1:30 and went to the nearby Starbucks since we were early.
They called and asked if we could push it to 2pm because of other clients wanting a longer massage, so we said fine- a half hour is okay.
Then once 2pm was nearing they asked if we could push it back to 3pm because of the same people.
Well we said no, because we have other plans for the day and we don't appreciate being jerked around like this and we said goodbye.
They're losing money and new clients with this attitude and I will never consider going there ever again if this is how they treat new clients.

Best Facials ever.
I've been to a lot of Spas, and I have to say this one is by far the best.
There is a esthetician there named Sophie and she is the best.
The place is a little pricey, but worth it.

I went to Spa du soleil with my fiance while on vacation from Afghanistan and we received the most polite, warm and personal welcome upon entering.
Kelly New exactly who we were as soon as we walked and greeted by name, not to mention thanking me for my service and inquiring about my trip home from Afghanistan.
We were taken to the most relaxing terrace ever to fill out forms.
The environment is amazing as well as the customer service and the provided services.
The romance package (hot soak with champaign, one hour full body massage, facial and pedicure) was above and beyond everything we expected.
This is our new spot and it is now going to be our ritual to drive 4 hours to enjoy half a day of relaxation and tranquility with a very personable customer service feel.

I am absolutely, without doubt, a committed customer to both Kelly and Spa du Soleil.
My needs are two-fold - 1.
) ongoing therapy for my left shoulder, totally reconstructed following an extreme dislocation (thanks football) and 2.
) decompression / relaxation following the 5 day workweek.
Not only do I meet both of these every time, without exception, but I always leave with a bigger smile than before - the experience is ideal.
"So what M, it's a spa... what do you expect?
" Well, unfortunately, I have a reputation for being a total cynic when it comes to our current social standard for 'customer service', so everyone starts at a disadvantage when they begin down the path of earning my business.
I'm half the age of the grumpy old man who moans and groans about 'the way it used to be', yet I end up giving business owners advice on how to not send their next customer to their competitor just the same.
So, Spa du Soleil is also 3.
) an ongoing breath of crisp, clean, fresh air when it comes to excellent customer service and prioritizing your every need, a true gem nowadays in my book.
Now, stop reading, starting dialing, tell Kelly you read another great review and you're getting off the fence and into a warm robe.
Enjoy.
;-)

