Recently remodeled and better organized.
Four stars for the associate who helped in selecting a wireless printer and explaining the features.
Two stars for her manager who tried to add on an unnecessary cable and three year service plan with "geekie" support.
The extras would have nearly doubled the sale price.
In the end It just wasn't that difficult to get the printer setup and working wirelessly.

The Office Max in South Scottsdale get's the job done.
They have a good selection of office products.

Slowest office max ever.
the employies didnt even know how to work the equipment for department they worked in plus i felt like i was being stereotyped like i was gonna steal something.
every 3 seconds i was asked if i needed help.
i appreciate the thought of customer but really.

I just want to say how wonderful Marla, the manager is!
I went in looking for something to carry "my own bank" in when I was a waitress, that was different from  everyone elses' to avoid confusion between the other staff.
Marla was happy to help, and even called her friend, who was a server, to help me out.
She helped me find exactly what I needed!
It is very rare that I see customer service that goes above and beyond, and exceeds customer's expectations!
She was so friendly, and even asked about the food we served at the restaurant I worked for.
Not only does she get the job done, but she is a wonderful person as well.
Five stars.
Whoo hoo!

I came here in a bind to buy a hard drive for a customer, who I had on the phone with me.
They have tickets on the store floor instead of actually stocking the hard drives.
There were several tickets for the drive I needed, I confirmed the higher price to my customer, then brought the ticket to checkout (500gb laptop drive).
After several minutes of waiting I was told they didn't have the item, but had a 32 or 64gig drive (useless to me).
Why are there tickets still on the floor for items out of stock?
I drove out of my way to Fry's electronics, and got a drive for literally half the price as this Office Max wanted for it.
This play may be fine for office supplies, but avoid for electronics.

Do not use printing services.
I had to explain what I wanted 3 separate times and the staff confirmed that they understand and have all the information needed each time.
they still messed it up anyway!
despite their mistake, the staff was still rude and ignorant.
they seriously need some customer service training!

