111 degrees.
It's One Hundred and Eleven Effing Degrees, and you're in Scottsdale, Arizona, for a meeting.
It's 111 freaking degrees and you want a little heat in your food but also something refreshing and tasty and a little southwesty.
You are thinking to yourself, Arizona, your first time, they must have some good southwestern, Tex-Mexy type stuff, right?
You've heard they have all sorts of chi-chi (but not Chi Chi's) little restaurants down here to feed and entertain the people who live here in the 111 degree heat with all that money to burn off before they die, right?
Look at all the fancy landscaping and toney zoning controls that keep everything adobe and tasteful;  the food MUST be good, right?
They probably zone for that, too, right?
Well, this is basically Chevy's with money and a little attitude.
It's a Chevy's that's moved to Scottsdale after winning the lottery.
It's enchilada combinations with your beans, your rice, your enchiladas, and yes, all the ingredients are fresh, but it's still just a fancy Chevy's.
It's not like there's a chef back there expressing himself.
What's back there is a Corporation that borrowed the Chevy's concept, tarted it up, slapped it into a faux Mayan ruins via Spanish Colonial burbling fountain super duper atmosphere building, jacked some prices, and made sure there was plenty of tequila behind the bar.
Mind you, I didn't have a Margarita.
It was before the meeting.
If we had stopped after the meeting in the 111 degree heat, after I was all sweaty and relaxed having kicked meeting ass, and I'd ordered a really good Margarita, it's entirely possible I would be singing this place up and down the 202.
It's the Margarita factory, after all.
Which is weird--why would I want a factory-fresh Margarita?
So maybe I wouldn't be singing it's praises.
But really, it's just a Chevy's with a private school diploma.
You could do worse, but I also think maybe you could do better.

Love the salsa, which is always a good indicator about whether or not the food will be worth the calories at a Mexican food restaurant.
It had a little kick and some pickled jalapenos mixed in to give it a distinct flavor.
The chili con queso also had a chipotle flavor, which was killer.
The food was very good and we were extremely full and satisfied at the end of our meal.
I was so full that I could not take advantage of the free sopapillas.
I never expect much for service at chain restaurants; however, this was an exception to the rule.
Our waiter was awesome.
He was on top of everything, including the five diet cokes we each drank (hungover).
Being a fan of Tex-Mex, this restaurant satisfies that aspect as well as New Mexican style.

Nice place, good atmosphere, good food and service.
Overall a good place to visit and check out if you're in the mood for southwestern food.

After reading the other Yelp reviews I planned to visit this restaurant, but then I saw a listing in one of those hotel guide magazines that described the cuisine as "standard Mexican food.
" Standard Mexican food bores me, but fortunately I decided to take a look at Garduno's online menu.
Sure they have tacos and enchiladas, but they have a lot of interesting food as well, including 5 kinds of chili, lots of interesting seafood, and even some seafood gumbos.
I had the house special gumbo, which included lobster, shrimp, and scallops, and it was wonderful.
Nice and spicy, with fresh fish and lots of okra and other veggies.
I also tried a couple of their margaritas.
They were both good, but the better and more unusual one was a coconut margarita.
It was smooth and coconutty, and the rim of the glass was coated with honey and toasted coconut.
Yum!

This place is like the TGI Friday's of Mexican.
Kitschy crap adorns the walls, the servers tend to be upbeat and friendly and the food is a general crowd pleaser.
Place it in Gainey Ranch and you've got a guaranteed profit maker.
I used to come here after work because they had cheap margaritas and free food at the bar.
I'm not sure if this still exists but you had to get there early.
The margaritas were of questionable quality (I learned to stick to the Dos Equis) and the food was meh.
But, when you work for cheap...you'll take anything.
With a seat on the patio during the cool spring nights, it was perfect.
Now we mainly come when out of town guests are here.
The location of this place is draw.
It's reasonably close to all the resorts.
Since our favorite Mexican place is in Glendale, it's a stretch convincing family and friends to make the "trek" out there when they can come here.
Another selling point is the menu.
It's pretty extensive and features just enough to make people think it's inventive but the classics to give it some roots.
DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU WANT SOMETHING AUTHENTIC.
This is American Mexican.
It's cheddar cheese laden refried beans, mild flavors, and sickly sweet margaritas.
But for the rest of the country, it's just perfect for them.

No, no, no.
If you are looking for even remotely good Mexican food, DO NOT eat here.
Go to Ajo Al's instead, which is just down the road off of Shea and 70th street.
At Garduno's, the food is over priced and bland.
Taco salad - blah - nothing exciting.
Maybe, the only thing to get excited about are the complimentary sopapillas with honey.
For that, I give the place one star.

The reviews are pretty spot on regarding food.
Its NOT authentic Mexican food, but I didn't think it was that bad like some people describe.
WAAAY better than El Torito!
I've been here several times during my residence in Phoenix and one thing has me coming back - COCONUT MARGARITAS!
They are the best Margaritas I've had!
Toasted conconuts grace the rim of the glass and at least in my experience, they were very generous with the alcohol ( doubt its top quality, but you can ask for the good stuff).
I usually get the enchiladas and I've never had dry chicken, but that's my luck I guess.
Its got some interesting decor, but I wouldn't call it a cheap place to go.
Try the Sopapillas with honey, they are darn tasty!

forget the food...it only takes up valuable space.
go there to drink coconut margaritas and drink plenty...they are fantastic!

What a waste of a cool building.
In some parts it reminds me of the batman ride at magic mountain.
Anyway, the food really sucks, I have gone three times, evertime ive had to return my food.
Its not like preticular meals are bad, its all just bad...real bad.
Tastes like frozen dinners, like bottom of the line in quality.
Aweful.

I am a huge fan of Gardunos in ALBUQUERQUE but not Scottsdale.
It seems like when they opened here in Scottsdale, they forgot to make sure the food tastes good.
I have been here many times and it seems like the food was frozen prior to it being served.
Also, the service is not too good.
If you sit at the bar, be prepared for an over eager, spikey haired bartender to offer you a drink.
Also be prepared for him to forget that he took your order.
Yes, this HAS happened to me.
The margaritas are WATERED DOWN and the BEERS ARE FLAT!
The best thing about this is their happy hour.
They have a lot of free food.
Of course, be prepared to get SCOWLED AT if you pig out on the food and don't have more than one beer.
Haha.

After a raid of Hyatt's Regency Lounge hor'devers and business call, a group of us headed over to nearby Garduno's to try the local scene with the expectation of having a light dinner.
The only option of "light" at Garduno's was to make something of the appetizers.... if we only had stuck with our trusty SWB's restaurant at the Hyatt (amazing!
)  The unananimous consensus was that the food sucked.
I mean really sucked.
The attempt at making fresh guac' was pitiful.
Heck, one of our compatriates was trying to add salsa to it to add a little more flavor to it.
The quesadilla's were aweful too.
The bowl of queso - not worth it one bit.
And the nachos were dismal.
I would venture to say that if you pulled around the back, you'd probably see a Kraft truck dropping some Velveeta!
Actually - that would be a step up for these cats.
As for the drinks - we all tried it out and were dissapointed with them too.
One thing - they do make their drinks strong.
But that's not all to a good margarita.
Venture at your own risk..... actually, just stay away.

This restaurant has more selections to tempt your tastebuds than any southwestern or mexican joint in Phoenix.
Along with the traditional fajitas, rellenos, chimichangas, and hand rolled tamales, this unique venue offers up gumbos, gourmet chili, chilean sea bass, an oyster bar, and build your own margaritas.
Not only is the menu exciting, but the moment you walk into the place you are enchanted.
High ceilings, graced with a colonnade of bronze, life size horses galloping across the ceiling, fountains, gothic lamps and oversized candles, a second story looking like a scene from Three Amigos...you feel transported to another world.
On the weekends I highly recommend venturing there after 8pm to see the performing band of mariachis.
The group of girls are geared up with instruments, costumes, and beautiful singing voices, and they serenade all of the patrons.
Recommendations:  Drinks: 1.
Their very popular coconut margarita, with the rim of the glass dipped in honey and smothered in roasted coconut flakes, or  2.
My favorite, the Sangria Margarita.
not listed on the menu, but available.
Appetizers:  1.
Tableside Guacamole  fresh avocado, spices, pico de gallo and fresh-squeezed lime.
Prepared fresh at the table and served with tortilla chips  2.
Chile con Queso my absolute favorite!
An assorted blend of quesos and Hatch green chile.
Served fondue style with fresh hot tostadas.
Entree:  1.The Burrito Magnifico It's a burrito, not that exciting, but I love it!
Large flour tortilla filled with refritos, carne adovada, machaca and cheese, topped with Hatch red and green chile.
Served with refritos and arroz  2.
RED CHIPOTLE CHICKEN PASTA  Something different and delicious!
Fettuccini pasta with marinated chicken, confetti corn strips and our red chile chipotle alfredo sauce.
Dessert:  CHOCOLATE TACO  It doesn't get any better here.
A Garduño Family Favorite!
Chocolate coated crepe filled with a cream cheese and strawberry blend.
Garnished with whipped cream, strawberries and toasted coconut shavings.

Different name same garbage...this place stinks and should be banished from serving food.
You will know that it has totally given up once they change the name for  third time to one of those (ril)(fil) Abetos places...stay away for your own good

Don't bother.
I've enjoyed Taco Bell more.

Please remove this restaurant, its been closed for months.

Great margaritas, but kinda pricy for what they have.
Their food isn't all that special :(

Closed

