Personally, I think Cochise Animal Hospital is great, but it may not be for everybody.
Only one vet works here (though I think a new vet might have joined the practice recently) & it is a very small animal hospital.
I love it none the less.
Due to the small size, the vets & the vet techs really know their clients & are able to spend a little time with them.
A couple of times when a vet tech wasn't available, the vet actually took the time to clip my dog's nails.
I couldn't believe it.
My last vet would have told me to come back later.
There is one vet tech named Valerie (I am pretty sure) who is especially great.
She is really into animal health & every time I stop by she weighs my dog & talks to me about how to keep her healthy.
For example, during the summer when it was too hot to walk she worked with me on adjusting what my dog was eating so that she wouldn't put on too much weight.
(For free.
)   This animal hospital is just a really "Main Street" style vet's office- heavy on the personal touch.
They have fairly odd hours but a couple of times I have been offered appointments when they are supposed to be closed.
If you need a vet with someone always on call, this is probably not the place for you given its small size.
But if you are looking for an vet who really focuses on spending time with their clients & keeping them healthy from the get go, this is a great place.

I love this place!
I've seen both vets and they are both amazing!
They spent a lot of time with my dog and explained things in detail with me!
It's also very affordable!!!
I will be back again and again!!

I used to take my dog to Banfield at Petsmart for several years, but I got tired of paying for a monthly plan that ultimately saved me very little money and being left to wait alone in a tiny room for an hour every time I came in.
So when my plan expired I decided to try this little place in my neighborhood.
The staff is friendly and personable (they actually recognize me and remember my name when I come in), the prices are reasonable and, most importantly, I've never had to wait more than 15 minutes to be seen.
I definitely recommend it.

Took our birds for boarding.
Terrific staff took good care of Ray and Buddy in a very clean environment!

We had a great experience here and will definitely be using Cochise Animal Hospital as our primary vet.
The Dr. was very gentle and calm with our scared dog.
He quickly diagnosed her infected toe and gave us a treatment plan.
She is much better now.
Our invoice showed "tender loving care" as one of the treatments she received that day.
Such a cute touch.

The doctor and staff were extremely friendly and treated my Great Dane George like one of their own.
The Doc got on his knees and played with George to make him feel loved and comfortable.
George was diagnosed with Kennel Cough poor lil guy, but with meds and lots of love he will get better soon!
We are def going to use Cochise as our primary vet!
I really loved that they were so gentle with him and kept him entertained while getting checked out.
Great place highly recommend!
:-)

Pretty great experience all things considered.
I had a kitten thrown over my backyard fence and was able to get him the next day.
He's a bit crazy, being that he was raised by wolfs, but the vet was awesome with him!
Clipped his nails and everything while we waited for test results to come back.
I definitely would recommend this vet.
Prices are right in line with most vets.
When costs may be a bit more its worth the extra $$ for the great service you receive.

