Bad, bad and more bad.
Dirty,  unkept.
A/C broke it i was 87 in my apt at 10 o' clock at night, took them weeks to handle the situation.
They could seem to care less.
I fixed things there  ( cabinets,  frige, sink ) and they still didnt return my dep.
apt was left spotless and shampooed.
They lost packages from the mail.
There are roaches everywhere, who knows what other bugs.
All in all just bad!
I want to leave 0 stars!!

Sun King apartments,is a great place to live.
Iam going on 3years and love it here.
Management is fantastic.
I always tell people our Katie is one of the best managers in arizona.
The rest of the office staff jeanette,and jina,and leslie are great.
Maintenace responds quickly.
Our grounds are  clean,and well kept.
Our night monitor joe keeps it safe.
I highly recommend sun king

I love living here!
First of all, the staff: Jeana, Leslie, Cici, and Katie are AMAZING!
Jeannette will be missed by everyone, though :(  You cannot find a better place for the money and location.
Period.
Yes, it's a little dated, but they make up for it with excellent office staff and maintenance workers.
I adore almost every resident I've met here,and I love the rules about noise level - and that they enforce them!
I'm a student, so I need to have peace and quite when I'm studying.
Even though having to haul my laundry to the laundry rooms is kind of a pain, I do appreciate that the machines take credit/debit cards so I don't have to carry a ton of quarters as well.
One of my favorite things is that they have a water filter unit by the main laundry room $0.25 for a gallon of cold, pure water right next to me is a HUGE plus.
The very few times I've had to go to the office to address an issue, they've been polite, understanding, and they took care of it ASAP.
I'm pretty sure that I'll be living here until I am able to buy a house.

I have lived here for three years.I love living here.
Our office  manager Katie is one of the best.
Jeana,leslie,and cici  make it even better.
All your concerns are addressed,and fixed if a problem comes up.
Our maintance responds promptly.
Our night monitor joe  keeps  it safe.
We have some of the best residents ever.
I highly recommend sun king.great place to call home.

