The land of "yes.
"  Make any request and it will be done.
Killer infinity pool.
Amazing view.
Lovely rooms.
One of my all time favorite hotels.
Expensive.
Go during off season.
Update:  Hmmm... seems to be turning into quite the celebrity hideaway.
The bartender used to tell me about Britney's stays.
And I did see chef Mario Batali leaving one night.
But most recently Vince and Jennifer were guests.

Amazing location with verrrry hip atmosphere.
The bar is dead by 10pm but if you can score a seat on the hillside deck and linger after dinner there is no place you would rather be.

Went off season and the tariff was reasonable.
A bargain, for what it was.
Breathtaking views, oh so luxurious room complete with high thread count sheets, cozy robes, a bath complete with products and sponge waiting you, and spray to scent your sheets.
The breakfast was excellent, served in a dining rioom that overlooks a magnificent vista.
My only disclaimer : the a/c unit in the room was in the closet and ran noisily all night.

Allegedly Jennifer Anniston's hotel of choice, I really enjoyed the scenery at this sedate mountain getaway.
Pool had gorgeous mountain views  And, no forced valet is nice.
Elements did not offer a stellar dining experience for late lunch (though they had creative outdoor heating), so that takes away from my perspective.

I'm not sure why some of the folks who wrote glowing reviews still only chose 4 stars?
From my experience, this place should get 10!
I could care less about the celebrity thing, but I can see why they flock here.
We went for a wedding in the middle of July.
It was amazing.
Everything.
I have not one complaint.
Except that I may never get to go here again if I'm spending my own dime....

I love-love-loved this hotel.
I did a site visit here once, and while I didn't get to see all the space, and the person that was supposed to show me around ended up being unable to do so, I took a quick tour of most of the property via golf cart (they didn't let me drive though - mean).
And of course I got to stay in a kick ass room.
I had a little kitchenette and a living room, and then the bedroom and bathroom.
I always had treats in my room when I came home, and the turndown service was awesome.
I really really want to stay in one of the rooms with an outdoor tub!
I love being naked outside!
I don't necessarily want anyone to see me, but I like to do it.
An enclosed tub is perfect for my non-exhibitionistic-nudist yearnings!
The infinity pool was gorgeous, the bar and its big fire pits incredibly sexy, and the food was good too.
But how can food not be good when you're sitting outside on a gorgeous terrace looking out over the desert, or back up toward the mountain?
They even own homes on the property that you can rent out!
I would stay here every time I visited the area if I could afford it.

If its good enough for Britney, its good enough for me.
Which I guess isnt saying much these days...
But trashy ole Brit knew what she was doing when she booked a room at Sanctuary.
This resort truely is a Sanctuary--the pool, complete with negative edge, in-water matching rafts for guests, and a top notch waitstaff was my favorite spot.
Had a gotten a chance to experience the spa, which I've heard is one of the best in town, I may have taken up residence there.
I stayed here as a reward for work with a bunch of girls--we had a suite--a sweet suit eactually, complete with 3 bedrooms, kitchen living room, etc.
We even had a cute bellboy who watched parts of the NBA finals with us.
Now thats service.
Plush robes, a balcony with a perfect mountain view, and egyptian cotton sheets.
Loveitloveit.
At night we went to Elements which is the very up-scale restaurant and bar at the resort.
It deserves its own review so I'll write a seperate one, but know that its exceptional and the view is amazing.
A great date spot for even those who aren't spending the night at the hotel.

I wrote my elaborate review under Sanctuary Spa.
This place is near PERFECT.

I was more disappointed in this stay than I have ever been with a hotel.
It was the worst value considering the service- at $445 a night for a simple, basic room, when our economy is in a recession and hotel trends are weakening, I expect friendly and prompt service AT A MINIMUM.
I found the conceirge to be confused, give us poor directions (i.e.
taking 30 mins to get somewhere that took 5 minutes), recommended a terrible restaurant to us (Los Olivos) that was completely unsuitable, and never letting us know our folio of reservations and most importantly, NOT LETTING US KNOW WHEN she had been unable to make reservations that she suggested.
The construction at the deck right above the pool was also an issue - no one had notified us of.
The jackjammering started at 915 AM on Friday.
The manager did give us a $100/night rate abatement after I had to complain - which I appreciated but would have preferred to not have the conversation in the first place.
The room was also dirty - our feet kept turning black and we couldnt figure out why - and we were utterly disgusted to realize it was from our HOTEL ROOM.
We had to wear shoes in our room or wash our feet after walking around.
The service at the spa was very good (although you certainly pay for it) and I found the woman at the front desk very helpful which is why I am giving 2 stars.

Great place to have lunch or lounge at deck overlooking the pool!
They have a great variety of dishes and pretty healthy too!
I didn't stay there but have heard mixed stories.
Maybe it is better just to go and eat there instead!
;-P

Lunch and Learn, Lunch and Learn, Lunch and Learn... get my drift?
In July & August at lunch on Saturdays with a couple for dinner.
Today it was the "Arizona Iron Chef Competitors" with chef fun, live demos and excellent food & pairings.
The appetizers started small with ham & cheese pathivier by Chef Lee Hilson and asian beef tartare on spiced tarot root by Chef Beau MacMillan accompanied by lindauer brut new zealand n/v.
A  mouthful or two but quite tasty.
Next came the chilled pea soup with lobster.
Didn't taste at all like Pea Soup Anderson and in fact it was hard to distinguish the pea flavor accompanied by graffigina pinot grigio argentina 2007.
The soup was an unexpected large portion with little shrimps and tasty lobster bits.
The entree was braised kobe beef short rib with salsify & asparagus ragu.
The kobe beef pairing was wyndham estate "show reserve" south east Australia 2004 with a 91 rating and under $15 at Cosco.
In watching the live kitchen demo I hadn't realized how much preparation played in the final taste for "short ribs".
My mother fixed the traditional short ribs with carrots and potatoes but the brazing and marinade process with red wine and chicken broth by Chef Beau imparted a phenomenal taste.
I didn't catch how long the marination process was but apparently today's chef's measure the process in 24, 48 and 72 hour increments.
Today's portion was very ample and down right tasty.
After so much food at lunch one might expect a modest  desert but not this time.
The summer berry pudding with raspberry coulis was beyond modest.
A genoise sponge shell  was filled with a four berry pudding and covered with a raspberry coulis and caster sugar.
The pairing here was a not so sweet but bubbly napa blanc de noirs.
The "at the views" room looked to be sold out and I suspect it will be when we return next week for a taste of southern hospitality...

In one word...excellent!
My fiancee and I had an amazing time here last summer, when we were upgraded to a Spa Casita Suite because the hotel had found out about our engagement, which happened right before we left for our trip.
The room was huge, the grounds were beautiful, the pool was awesome, and everything there was so peaceful.
The concierge helped us with directions to anywhere we wanted to go and the location was great as well...not far from the main drag, but somewhat hidden from the outside world.
We are hoping to return soon.

This is the place to go if you are looking for a great view and nice ambiance.
The menu usually changes monthly which is nice.
Always have a great soup on as well.
Last night was lobster bisque, not too creamy, I liked that.
They often have some great vegetarian options as well.
Usually they have some type of tofu on the menu, but  last night they did not.
I had the edamame/ scallion ravioli which was not the best that I have had there.
My "dinner date" had the fillet minus the bacon.
Hmmmm....I don't remember what he even had to say about it.
Must of been all the wine.
But I do remember the "bus boy" (what is the proper name for them, someone tell me!
) who kept trying to take his dish away because he thought he was done!
That is the most annoying thing they can do at restaurants especially when you are trying to enjoy the whole "sanctuary" experience.
We also were sat outside (have a reservation if you want the nice booth facing the windows) which I didn't particularly care for but I guess I am a picky "date".
But I'll be back!

I spent my birthday weekend here, even though I live between Scottsdale and Chandler I wanted to get away.
First off, I love the atmosphere here because it's so relaxing, tranquil, and seems away from it all.
The room setup is unique, and you feel like you have your own private place.
We had the basic "Spa View" room and it had plenty of space, a private balcony, and a separate sitting area.
The infinity pool is gorgeous both day and night - and the view makes me appreciate living here.
During our hot day at the pool, the staff were amazing and attentive.
They offered  bottle water, ice water with lemon, and had several yummy drink options.
Definitely try the lemonade with fresh berries.
We weren't there long enough to have opinions on the staff or eat in the restaurant but everyone we came across was friendly.
It was also nice to be able to run to Camelback Mtn and do some hiking - despite the heat!

There should really be a way to give half-stars, so I could give this place four-and-a-half, but that's okay.
I spent my birthday here with a two-night stay and had a wonderful experience!
Check-in was a breeze and we were escorted to our room by a great bellman on a golf cart.
We stayed in one of the mountain suites and it was terrific - decorated in a funky, fun style, with super comfortable beds, and nice bathroom and a balcony.
All the suites are situated so you kind-of feel like you're alone which I think is pretty cool!
We had great service from everyone we encountered, from the concierge who offered us great suggestions, and even ordered us a complimentary car service to and from our restaurant on my birthday night, to the staff at the spa, who were all friendly and provided excellent treatments, to the staff at the resort restaurant, who, again, were very friendly and helpful.
The spa itself deserves its own review, and I very well may do that shortly.
Suffice it to say, a thoroughly relaxing and enjoyable experience!
I would definitely recommend Sanctuary to anyone who wants a more boutique-style, low-key and friendly relaxing sojourn from the real world.

fab-uuu-laous!
tha's all i have to say about this place....  annnddd - if you happen to spend a weekend there... take full advantage of the day spa!

NOW THATS A HOTEL.
Please Waldorf Astoria people or Ritz Carlton people come here and learn.
Hey, W-hotel people/Mondrian people and other hotels that use IKEA furniture approaches, dont even bother staying here, you might start crying.
The attention to detail in the rooms is outstanding, from relatively high class furniture, incl.
sculptures, to candle turn down service and upscale reed diffusers.
Beds are very good and the linens are wonderful.
Details in every room are so much better than 99% of other 5* hotels.
On top of that you have a view to die for (please dont take that literally), a very nice pool area - not overly large but very relaxing with very attentive staff (thank you, Keith and Nicole), a super day spa, a tennis center (!
) and a real gym.
And once you are here try the mixology class at the Jade bar - but dont book dinner afterwards - I promise you will go nowhere that evening.
Jason, Mica, thats all your guyz fault :-) I will come back any time I will be in Phoenix.

The Sanctuary is stunning.
I mean STUNNING.
The decor and architecture are drool-worthy.
My SO and I spent a night here last summer to celebrate my finishing my MBA.
We imagined a day and night of basking in the sun in the ginormous spectacular pool, sipping champagne and gorging ourselves on junk food.
The main pool, however, was under construction and was closed, a little detail not shared with us until check-in, without much in terms of an apology or attempt at an accomodation.
We were certainly invited to visit one of the two smaller pools, but what happens when you divert a resort full of people into two small pools?
It would have been like taking a large bath with a bunch of random people and their stupid kids.
No thank you, especially at hundreds of bucks per night.
The people working at the check in desk thought they were pretty hot and had that general "too cool for you" air that always irritates the crap out of me.
Thankfully, we had a spa suite, so we had a little outdoor tub thing that we pretended was a pool.
Our suite was just gorgeous and I wish I could have spent a week there, sipping mimosas on the private patio.
Fast forward a year and the economy is in the shitter.
Sanctuary keeps bombarding my SO with promo emails, but the rates advertised are hardly a deal.
Either they are in la-la land, or they aren't feeling the pinch the rest of us are.
Sorry, people.
After our so-so experience last time, you're going to have to do a little better than a $279 "special" to get us back.

ROCKSTAR STATUS!
Since I've planned meetings here, my contact really hooked me up fat!
I had an awesome room with a view and this time a kitchenette.
We love that we have access to a kitchen when we travel to store snacks and have breakfast in the mornings.
There's morning and evening maid service - our rooms were spic & span throughout the 5 nights.
Everyone on the property is so accommodating and nice!
They'll bend over backward to make your stay enjoyable.
The pool was awesome and they had the lounge chair covers that slip over the top - only the best!
The pool staff was so kind to bring us ice cold waters, we didn't even have to ask!
The best part of our trip...since I knew we had a 8pm flight we decided to play golf nearby.
And with the heat there was no way I was going on a plane stanky.
I kindly asked the front desk if we'd be able to come back & use their spa facility to freshen up even after we checked out.
I've never known a hotel to extend a checkout past 2 hours.
I'm sure they did this as an exception, but they allowed us to keep our room until 5:30pm!
It takes 1 great experience to make it memorable.
I've done 2 offsite meetings here and attended one of them.
From what I remember everything was executed flawlessly.
Their catering was perfect - great food and nice presentation.
Rooms are beyond what one could ask for.
Their meeting rooms, spa, pool, tennis courts, and workout facility is beyond excellent.
If you're ever considering an event here, Lisa Sterns is the person that assisted me.
LISA YOU'RE THE  BEST!

Can't say enough about this place.
We were amazed by the room and it's stylings and even more amazed with the pool and the view from it.
We were on a mission to chill and found the perfect place.
Views of Camelback Mountain and a staff that knew what they were doing.
Try the brie quesadillas and the Sanctuary lemonade.

I was at first creeped out when the bell man said, "Welcome to SANCTUARY.
"  Just the way he said it made the place seem like it could become a nightmare, but it's a true paradise.
Stunning room, beautiful landscape, door to door service with golf carts.
Awesome!
When I entered the room, they already had a cheese plate to welcome me and the temperature was just right!
I wish I was there now...SANCTUARY!

Stayed here for an anniversary get-away weekend.
Reserved a mountain vista suite.
We were greeted immediately upon arrival and check in was a breeze.
We were wowed by our room.
Decor was modern, eclectic and very well put together.
The mountain vista suite is huge (about 1,000 sq ft) and feels like a small home or large apartment.
Nice comfortable sectional couch, fireplace.
Balcony with view of the Valley and mountains with doors leading outside from both the living room and bedroom.
Beautiful bathroom with marble and lots of space and storage around the sink.
Bed was very comfortable.
We were busy shopping and dining, so didn't get to visit the pool or spa, but heard good things about them.
Grounds are pretty, but simple.
Location is excellent - the resort is hidden away on the mountainside, not off a busy street.
We would definitely stay here again.

This place is uber swanky!
It reminds me of a nicer version of the Standard LA and has a similar vibe.
The views from the place are AMAZING.
The pool and the rooms are also top notch.
Definitely a 20/30s crowd.
We ate at Element and the food was fantastic.
I had one of the best burgers of my life there.
One of my colleagues had the hot dog/w pretzel bun, which also looked crazy good.

I frequent the Salon at the resort.
Michael Belville the Salon Supervisor has been taking care of my locks for about 6 years.
We first met when he worked for the Westin Kierland Agave Spa.
Michael got my hair back to health after too many trips to a popular salon in town and that ended up over treated.
Since then I have never received more compliments on my hair in my life.
One day I was standing in line at the check out in the grocery store and I could feel someone touching my hair.
No kidding.
The woman told me she thought my hair was so beautiful.
Seriously, all thanks to Michael!
When Michael left to go to the Sancturary Resort I followed him there.
Are you kidding me?
You know how serious a girl is about her hair.
And after receiving so many compliments it was the right thing to do!
A couple of months ago I arrived to the salon with the lights out and no electricity to heat the water.
You would have thought I would have had the sense to reschedule but it would have taken the earth to open up and swallow the salon for me to leave without my highlights treated.
This is how far I will go to have Michael do my hair.
The staff is always so friendly.
I appreciate the email I receive to confirm my appointments and a personal phone call for a friendly reminder.
Thank you Sanctuary Resort and Michael!

I just stayed here last week, and it was amazing.
I had a suite (living room, dining area (with full table), fireplace, separate bedroom, and separate bathroom (full bowl of bath salts provided).
I also had a patio/balcony.
When I say "balcony," I do not mean a place with only enough room to stand or sit.
I truly mean a patio table (with chairs) as well as a lounge chair.
If I opened the little french doors next to my bathtub and opened the drapes to my bedroom, I can see the mountains as I take a bath.
The bellman drive you around on golf carts, which I thought was cute.
I came to appreciate the golf carts because walking up the hill was tiresome.
The bellman were utterly friendly, and the service from the concierge and front desk was wonderful.
I voted four $$$$ because no hotel chain seems to match the price.
The cheapest suite is over $500/night.
In Scottsdale, the Sheraton resort's most expensive suite doesn't even come close to this place.
Enjoy!

A girlfriend came in from out of town and we decided to treat ourselves to a weekend stay at this posh resort and did we ever enjoy ourselves!
We stayed in one of the delectable suites with full living room, dining room, etc.
etc.~ the only regret was that we didn't call some of our friends and had a party in our casita while we were there!
Everything was perfect, we enjoyed ourselves playing tennis, taking classes at the fitness center, dining at Elements and treating ourselves to massages at the spa.
Aaaahhhh!

Oh...this place has some of the best views of Camelback and Paradise Valley.
Upon arrival, you can feel your shoulders start to drop and let the relaxation begin.
Unfortunately check-in wasn't as smooth as I would hope and 25 minutes later, we are finally acknowledged and given the keys to the suite (with no direction on how to find the suite).
I just kept thinking, please let's not this be foreshadowing of my weekend to come.
We walk into our suite and it's stunning!
Absolutely beautiful, decorated simply, and with views of Paradise Valley.
What more could you possibly need or want in a room?
And I immediately think the front desk situation is a fluke.
We start to settle in and I walk into the bedroom to take a look at the crib that I requested and noticed that it wasn't too sturdy.
After a better look, the crib was set up and leaning against the wall.
Once I pulled it away from the wall, it started to collapse.
I called the front desk and she apologizes immediately and sent out a new crib.
An hour later, the new crib arrived and after helping the 2 service employees get the crib through the door, they ask me if that one is better.
This one is sturdy, but the sheet on the crib are stained and look filthy.
Ugh...I have them take the sheets since I packed my own and just hope that this is a one off oversight.
Service is definitely lacking at this resort.
I've never had so many calls to or from room service with questions.
We had a cabana at the pool and that too was lacking.
To possibly get service, was like pulling teeth.
Everything here was supposed to be relaxing, but it was so stressful to even have the simplest items full filled.
I've stayed at many other resorts in Scottsdale and maybe at one time, this was the place to stay, but now, it's aged and their service failed miserably.
*I also filled out a survey which was sent from the hotel and I gave them at least 4 examples of their below par service.
Within 10 minutes of me sending the survey in, the front desk manager called my cell to personally apologize for his team.
The manager of the resort emailed me with her apologies and offered a complimentary stay.
All which is appreciated, but it may take some time before I consider Sanctuary.
Look for a possible update in the future.

What a nice place.
Spread out over a hillside in the desert, Sanctuary Resort is just that: sanctuary.
The resort has nature all around - hummingbirds, flowering everything, road runners, jack rabbits and more - really beautiful.
The rooms are exceptional.
My suite included a private deck with mountain views, big shower with slate tile and double shower head, four poster bed and flat screed TV.
In the main room - fireplace (not necessary for my mid-July nightly lows around 95F), dining room table and big L-couch in front of the 50 in.
flat screen.
Down the hill is Elements bar and restaurant with great views and exceptional service.
The restaurant overlooks the spa pool.
And there, during the day when temperatures are around 110 degrees, there is plenty of lemon water, fresh towels and floaties.
One can't help but relax and dream.
My days were a mix of business and pleasure so I didn't check out the spa proper (or the lap pool or the work-out center for that matter).
I did find space plenty of opportunity to shed some stress however.
Notes: + One of the huge pluses is that the resort is less than a mile from Echo Canyon Parkway (the trail head that has a parking lot for Camelback Mountain trail).
I did manage to hike part of Camel Back on this trip which is good.
But it is not so good that I did not get to the top due to time constraints.
I've hiked Camelback many times and it is a must do for any visit to Phoenix.
+ I really did not mind the heat - in fact I sort of like it.
But this is the off season for Arizona and that translates to huge value in hotels and resorts.
- The pool area has a no cell phone policy - which is fantastic!
What is not so fantastic is the moron who completely ignored it yesterday even after being asked by the staff to cease or move.
So while I was relaxing I got to hear his entire conversation with Donna: He's from the east coast - in Phoenix for a few days to see the office there and is thinking bout relocating.
Then he's off to Toronto next week on business and dreams of living in San Diego some day - blah blah blah.
Hey cell phone guy - learn some manners.
But even that one small diversion didn't manage to pull me up and out of my stress shredding objective.
Overall 5 stars for a sanctuary in the desert.

I attended a retreat in June it was my first visit.Now i live in Seattle, so the break form the long dreary weather was certainly needed, and I have the opportunity to travel with my works and stay at a lot of nice spa resort hotels, so i have pretty high expectations.
This was an amazing place, the staff was incredible, the house (we rented the Gallery for the retreat) was quiet, peaceful and beautiful.
The Food was by far the best meal I have ever had.. partially due to the fact that we were at Table 12, the private dining area, but my pork chop and martini were among the finest flavorful delights I have ever tasted.
The staff was at our complete service from the moment I arrived, giving me a fun 10 minute cart tour of the property as the house was finished up.
The spa service was also top notch, i had a 90 minute treatment and it was perfect!
On my last day i had a really late flight so i had a late check out at 2, then spent the afternoon lounging (and working) by the pool then showered and was able to freshen up for the flight home in the spa.
Overall incredible, and I will be returning in October and February for more retreats!
and it cant happen soon enough!

I LOVE this resort!
I have stayed there many times and never been disappointed.
Truly a paradise in Paradise Valley...beautiful rooms, friendly staff, fun bar (and funny bartenders) yummy cocktails and food, not to mention the amazing views.
Can't wait to stay there again.
Oh...and the Spa Suites have outdoor soaking tubs, perfect way to end the day.

Simply  BREATH TAKING..
Went here with  hunny  for dinner ..
It was simply  beautiful.. We had someone greet us at the doorstep, very courteous and friendly.
i love the atmosphere there because it's so relaxing, tranquil, and seems away from it all.
Dinner was beyond my  expectations  I had lobster bisque, not too creamy, I liked that.
They often have some great vegetarian options as well..
I had the edamame/ scallion ravioli and martini which was delicious  .
Hunny  had the fillet minus the bacon..  Oh...this place has some of the best views of Camelback and Paradise Valley .
Upon arrival, you can feel your shoulders start to drop and let the relaxation begin...

You'd think my memory would have faded on this place by now, but I still remember the awesome-ness of this place some odd weeks later.
I remember all the little luxuries and wonderful service.
The stunning mountain views and landscaping.
The infinity edge pool.
The many, many water bottles they handed us to help us fend off heatstroke.
Come here!
You won't be disappointed.

This is *only* 4 stars because it was my first time staying here but it won't be my last!
Beautiful place, great rooms, amazing service, delicious food, relaxing spa and a ton of cool activities.
I stayed in a mountain casita and it was enormous.
Definitely enough room for a family of 4 (if you don't sit in your room all day long).
Huge tv (with a dvd player), nice, deep tub, very comfy bed and a nice sitting area.
The mini-bar had lots of local choices and was well appointed with a martini shaker, glasses and olives.
Very nice touch!
I was here for a conference and the meeting room facilities were also very nice and well appointed.
They seemed to have an adequate a/v set up (at least the conference attendees didn't notice any glitches) and the mid-day room reconfigurations went smoothly.
The food they served was really good -- one of the best buffets I've ever had.
I will absolutely be back for a personal trip.

I wish i could live here forever!
The service here from the spa to the bar is exceptional.
We really enjoyed our stay, and the views from every corner of the resort were the beautiful.
Day or night, the colors of our setting really stood out.
At night, the pool lit up pink, purple, and blue.
Jade bar, of course, had green decor.
This is also a great place to check-out the sunset which Arizona is known for.
We didn't get the chance to take advantage of it, but I loved that they provided bath salts.
We stayed in a mountain casita, and the room was very open and inviting.
There was even a window that opens from the bathroom, over the bathtub that looks into the sleep area.

Of course I will never pay to stay here.
But I would come back whenever I have a chance.
The views of Paradize Valley and the Camelback are grand.
The rooms are spacious and well kept.
The amenities are generous and attentive to detail.
The staff remember your name and what you chose last time.
The pools are impeccably kept and gym well maintained.
I don't do tennis.
There are golf courses and million-dollar houses nearby (this is Scottsdale).
And the winter sun of Phoenix was sooo lovely.

5 stars - that 's it.

I have never stayed here, but i have dined here for a party and visited Jade Bar for some drinks.
My opinions: 1) The views are amazing at sunset!
You can see the city at night and it is a beautiful view of Scottsdale 2) The food catered to our party was delicious!
Especially the white chocolate truffles at the end of dinner, better than what Godiva makes.
3) If you get a drink at Jade Bar you must try the Strawberry Lavender Royale and the Beet Yuzu Gimlet ( their signature drink.

My husband and I came here for a little staycation and to get a good night of sleep and relaxation, away from our baby.
Sanctuary did not disappoint.
The mountainview casita was gorgeous, complete with complimentary bottles of water, bath salts, a window from the bathtub that looks into the room; thus, providing a beautiful mountain view.
The mountain view was incredible.
We also enjoyed the infinite edge pool, hot tub, and spa.
The only reason I put four stars instead of five is due to the room service.
We ordered brunch, and the food just was not very good.
I had a huevos rancheros omelet, which was heavy on the eggs, and light on pretty much everything else.
The side of potatoes was a bit blah, and it was pretty disappointing.
At the Spa, we took the Massage 101 class which was really informative and relaxing.
The spa amenities were top-notch, with a wonderful steam room, and attendants that were constantly roving to ensure everything was as it should be.
Overall we had a very nice stay at this resort, and I would highly recommend this place.

Another great time at Sanctuary.I had an outside bath looking up at the stars which was part of our room.
Accompanied by a male friend *** from Canada .He is in the restaurant business and said it was a perfect hotel.He loved the room,the restaurant ,bar and great service.It was brave of me to bring an F& B expert to my favorite hotel.I greatly enjoyed Sanctuary for 2 nights and three days.Spectacular service continues.This time I flew from San Francisco to get the perfect cut and color from Michael.At the same time I was happy to see some of Michael's  new artwork which  was a great treat.
I attended a fun Zumba class.I can't wait to go back to this special hotel again and again.Jo Ann ,back in Cali for a while.

I had been wanting to stay at the Sanctuary for a while now, and we decided on a quick 3 night vacation last week.
I must say we were extremely impressed with the resort, and cannot wait to go back!
The resort is a quiet paradise; it's in top-notch condition, with beautiful grounds, rooms, and amazing service.
The spa was a great experience; we both had reflexology treatments, and were able to spend time in the whirlpool and eucalyptus steam room as well.
The $ we spent on this vacation was well worth it!

Tucked away in Paradise Valley, this boutique hotel is truly amazing.
I came here to visit friends and have dinner @ Elements.
The view of Paradise Valley is awesome.
It's so quiet here at night that you forget that you're in the Phoenix Metro area.....it truly lives up to it's name.
The rooms are awesome and have patios that open up and face the pool area.
We hung out there for hours relaxing and enjoying the atmosphere.
Sometimes just doing nothing in peace & quiet is enough to recharge your batteries.
I will definitely come back.
Return Factor - 100%

Let me just say this:  I went there last Friday night with a girlfriend and what a treat it was!
The view, the drinks are fantastic at Jade Bar here.
The appetizers were yuk, yuk, yuk!!!
In fact, SO YUK!
I had to delete one star from this review for Jade Bar.
Learn to make decent appetizers, Jade Bar, and you go up a notch.
In fact, learn to make them so well as your bartenders make drinks which is awesomely wonderful.
How's that for a hint?
The trip there is interesting: After you go up and up and around in the darkest area around on your drive there--hello!
brights on--I finally found it!
A tip:  Use the valets--otherwise you park down the hill and have to walk up it.
Booo!
Give the guy a few bucks at the end of the evening for getting your car.
So worth it unless you like suffering in those heels, gals.
When we finally got into the place we looked around--and it's beautiful there--and then sat at Jade Bar for music (8-10 pm) and drinks.
Since I don't really drink much, I had a Bloody Mary.
Made with Clamato juice..well, it kinda smelled fishy but what the heck!
I drank it down.
After 10 pm they have half-price appetizers, so I got the not very authentic hummus.
But, boy!
do you ever get lots and lots of it.
It was okay.
Again, I scarfed it down.
You can tell someone isn't all that picky sometimes, eh?
The service people from the friendly bartenders to the helpful valets are great!
The Sanctuary is so beautiful, so romantic that I almost leaned over and kissed my gal pal...when I remembered, "hey, I'm not gay!
" Anyway, next time I'm going there with a guy.
Update:  This is interesting, disappointing and downright scary:  From 2 different gals I trust their judgment (because they actually have brains) I have heard to check your bill at the bar.
They say the bartenders often pad the bills with others' drinks!!!
Good grief!!!
So, check your bill before paying, Yelpers!

My husband & I took a long weekend in Phoenix (he had to work two days, I vacationed) and had a glorious stay at Sanctuary.
It was hard to believe that we were in the middle of the Phoenix metro area because it was so quiet & scenic.
The room was huge and very well equipped (kitchen facilities).
We had a beautiful view from the balcony, parking right outside our front door, and plenty of room to relax.
We will definitely stay here next time we're in Phoenix.

This is probably one of the nicest hotels I have ever been too.
It's located on the edge of Scottsdale allowing it beaucoup de privacy.
Ok, first off we had our own little villa and the room came with a CD, lavendar bed spray, bath robes and slippers.
Yep relaxation all the way!
The bed was incredibly comfy and the view spectacular.
This hotel does not disappoint.
Now on the the infinity pool.
The pool was lovely and the smoothies even better.
I was in heaven.
Did I mention the hotel does not disappoint.
Finally we ate at the restaurant and our table faced the desert.
Wow, the view at night was incredible.
The food was also 4.5 stars and made my tummy happy.
I cannot rave enough about Sanctuary, it realy lives up to its name!

Just go.... go as fast as you can to the Sanctuary!
This place is absolutely to die for.
The views CANNOT be beat.
The pool setting is fabulous and the rooms are fully appointed.
As a professional traveler, this place is top of the pops.
If you are headed to the Phoenix area, this place is a must try

Lovely...swimming in the pool with that amazing view alone is worth the trip.
Maybe you'll be as lucky as I was and a hummingbird will fly next to you to have a drink from the pool...
Heaven, no: Paradise Valley!

Absolutely loved our stay.
I thought the accommodations, staff, food and spa were fantastic.
I am extremely fussy and this was the most fantastic four night getaway.
I wore shorts to all meals.
It was so relaxing and invigorating.
I am ready to go again.

Very nice facility.
Relatively small - 100 rooms - which is nice.
Pool area is nice and waitress is there when you need her.
Staff is well trained and very professional.
Room is well maintained and our suite was large and comfortable.
Great bed.
Overall a very nice experience to be sure.
I don't know why I am not giving the Sanctuary a 5 star rating - but I would probably go for a 4 1/2 if it were available.

That Dinner was "IMPOSSIBLE" to TOP last night at THE LUNCH & LEARN is just the VERY best that you can treat yourself too.
Chef Robert Irvine of Food Network's Dinner: Impossible & Restaurant Impossible Held a Magnificent informative (with recipes to take home of dishes) and entertaining 5 course dinner with wine pairing at this breathtaking resort.
Some question and answering was done,some door prizes and cooking demos by Chef Robert Irvine.
Chef Beau MacMillan was the host and good natured target of much of the entertainment.
Live and DJ music too!
The Menu started with a trio of oysters, (all different) paired with a sparkling wine  five spice dusted seared sturgeon with apple nage,barley compote,carrot slaw,paired with Simi Chardonnay (all the pairing were spot on but this pairing was the most perfect to me it was magic,I normally don't like chardonnay but with this wonderful food it was great)  pan seared mahi-mahi , orange kim chi sauce, jasmine rice , celery salad paired with Simi Pinot Noir (this was my favorite dish the flavors were very layered and most interesting and will try to make at home)  herb roasted strip steak,creamed potato,english peas,demi glace paired with a Simi Cab (he told us he infused the steak with freeze dried blue cheese and butter,it was really incredible but I don't see these details on the recipes he gave us)  tiny chocolate brownies  Chilled grapefruit souffle with orange mint salad,chocolate jus,sabayon (this was great the souffle was like eating ice-cream)  Service was over the top and they were VERY GENEROUS with the wine pouring   very well worth every penny we spent  This was the VERY BEST DINNER out we've had in two years  I highly recommend  the Lunch & Learn at Sanctuary on Camelback Mountain

This is a fantastic property.
Beautiful setting and service.
Last night I was here for a dinner in the ballroom with Beau MacMillan and Marcus Samuelsson.
It was a great Lunch and Learn event.
Topped off with a drink in the Jade Bar for the perfect evening.

Looking for exquisite views, top notch service, delicious drinks and/or food, and a special experience to share with a friend or loved one?
Whether you're celebrating a special occasion or just feel like splurging for an evening, the Sanctuary is your place...
I've only been to this resort a handful of times, but during my visits, I've spent time at Jade Bar, eaten at Elements, and this past Saturday night, I had the pleasure of attending one of their "lunch and learn" events (although in this case it was a "dinner and learn" event) in the ballroom.
The event I attended is part of an annual summer series which introduces guests and locals to star chefs, wine makers and culinary experts.
The series is sponsored by the guys at EaterAZ, and other partners for the event include Sub-zero, Wolf, Queen Creek Olive Mill, and Fiji water.
It's hosted by Chef Beau MacMillan and this past Saturday's featured guest was Chef Marcus Samuelsson... it was a really unique and fun experience!
Alliance Beverage did wine pairings to go with each delicious course , and local favorite, Dennis Rowland performed with his band.
I have yet to check out the spa at the Sanctuary, but my friends that are members rave about it... and I have yet to spend a night there (hint, hint, Jared... maybe a staycation sometime?
), but I do hear fabulous things.
I haven't been to a wedding at Sanctuary, but I've seen pics and they are pretty incredible.
I look forward to my next visit (and hopefully many more fun times at this resort, but until then, I guess I'll be living vicariously through those of you that tell me about your experiences via your reviews!

Sanctuary is a great place to stay--awesome views, delicious food, friendly staff--exquisite service overall.
Not to mention, Beyonce and JayZ honeymooned here!
That's when you know you're at a great place; celebrities choose to go there for their honeymoon!
I saw on their Facebook page that you can win a romantic getaway right now.
It includes champagne, chocolate-covered strawberries and a rose-petal turndown.
It sounds like such an awesome experience and a great night for romance...and what's even better is that it's FREE!
Here's the link: http://www.facebook.com/SanctuaryCamelbackMountain

I have now done two work related dinners here.
The food is always top notch, and the service is impeccable.
The real jewel of this place is The Jade Bar, however.
I love a bar that I can say " I like frou-frou rum drinks", ad after the laughter dies down- they fix me up with a tasty, and stout beverage.
I have not been able to utilize the resort side- YET.
But one day...
The views of the valley at night are spectacular.
This is a great place for a romantic date.

...
I will return for another week of complete relaxation  - fo'sho'!!
Exquisite can describe the location of this beautiful resort.
Awesome can describe the friendly (and seamless) customer service I received during my stay-cation.
Delicious are the food and concotions.
Spacious yet cozy is the resort.....
If a get-away or hid-away is what you seek - This certainly is the place to do that...
I'm a FAN.

I was very excited to stay at the Sanctuary, but left VERY disappointed.
The Spa Suites are poorly furnished and everything decorated in green.
The bedroom has two large unattractive lamps that look like they came from Ikea with yellow lighting.
The shower is open air so we felt cold after exiting the shower.
There is NO tub in the room.
The reservationist said there was- but what she failed to say is it is on the deck ouside.
We had breakfast the next day in the dining room and it took 20 minutes to get our eggs with only three other tables with guests We were also doubled billed.
I asked that one of our suites be split between my husband's card and mine.
We rent two suites for two nights I would not stay here again..

My husband and I had our reception here - LOVED IT.
Very, very pricey but worth if you want a small but elegant affair.
Diana in the sales office was a delight to worth with!

Sanctuary is a beautiful resort staffed by incredibly efficient, kind, and accommodating professionals.
You cannot go wrong with having your wedding (or any other event) here.
Our wedding was originally planned for late August 2012 in Colorado.
My father became ill around Thanksgiving 2011 and we decided to move the wedding up to February 2012 and to Arizona so he could attend.
I don't know if we could have pulled it off without Lauren Wickham, the event coordinator at Sanctuary.
Amazing barely begins to describe working with her.
She responded to my request immediately, worked with me to find a date as soon as possible, and made sure our wedding day was absolutely perfect.
I will never run out of amazing things to say about her and our experience there.
Due to the short turnaround (we went from having 7 months to plan to having less than 8 weeks) I needed a venue that could handle everything for me, coordinate with our other vendors (florist, photographer and DJ) and make sure everything went according to plan.
And that is precisely what I got.
She even gave us a tour of the hotel rooms so we could see the accommodations and make sure the handicap room would be ok for my Dad.
The day of the wedding there literally was not a single hiccup for the entire day.
Everything ran on time, the setting was gorgeous, the food was amazing, the guests had a blast, and the whole day ran smoothly.
As for the rooms, they were gorgeous.
We stayed in the Diamond Spa Suite and loved it.
High ceilings, huge windows, beautiful view, private balcony, enormous bathroom and gas fireplace.
The room service menu was extensive and the service was very quick.
They also bring you ice, so you don't have to go hunting around for an ice machine.
The staff is incredibly friendly and professional.
We loved it so much we're planning to come back for our first anniversary.
If I could give Sanctuary 10 stars, I would!

What an amazing property!
Beautiful, well maintained, impeccable service and just such a relaxing weekend.
Food was delicious.
The mixologists in Jade Bar know their stuff, one of them has quite the ego, but the others were very friendly and attentive.
I look forward to a stay in the future!

We attended one of the Sunday in the park events Sanctuary holds; which was really nice.
It was a more intimate setting in a beautiful grassy area in the center of the resort.
It was full but not overly crowded and everyone could see the preformer.
There were servers for food and drink and the restrooms were close with no lines.
The resort itself seemed really nice, but we did not stay here.
It was a bit tucked away to find.
I will be attending another social/music event here!

My husband and I hosted our wedding at the Sanctuary last weekend and everything was flawless.
Lauren Wickham, our catering manager, was top notch.
Before I could ask for something, it was already delivered or handled.
The staff at the facility, down to the talented mixologists in Jade Bar, could not do enough for us - our guests were blown away.
Thanks to all of you for the most memorable weekend - we will be back!

Wow.
My review is of the spa only.
I have been here 2 times and each time I had an amazing experience.
My big mistake the first time I came was that I was late.
DO NOT MAKE THIS MISTAKE, you are only hurting yourself.
The first time I came I was a few minutes late.
I was still greeted graciously I must say, but I missed out on a before had sauna and shower.
And I was in too big of a hurry to enjoy them afterwards.
The next time I came I gave myself loads of time and spent 5 hours there.
My day went like this: Tour of the facility, oooh infinity pool with a view of Camelback mountain.
Steam shower facial lunch at pool with an amazing mojito massage with coconut scalp treatment shower again I was a total noodle.
What made my trip especially great was Anissa the spa attendant.
She really made sure I knew the facility, what my options were for my day and in the future, and ordered my lunch (that was not on the menu).
My only gripe if I had any at all would be that I wish they use higher quality ingredients in their treatments.
They are good, just not great.
What made up for it in my mind was the clear choice in presenting each treatment before and during the service.
For example: Little extras such as cleaning your feet at the begging of the facial and adding a moisture treatment on with booties.
Additions such as these carry a lot of weight.
i cannot wait to come back!

Just got home from celebrating a six year anniversary with my partner.
Excellent staff, amenities, drinks, service, views, and luxury!
Seriously, we were blown away.
Felt comfortable and at home.
Summer is the time for major deals.
Expect to spend around 150 a person per day on food and drinks (and that's on the cheaper side).
The drinks are excellent and the food is great (a little rich and over priced in some areas).
Apparently Beyonce spent her honeymoon here and Brittany Spears frequents!

I've not stayed at this resort, but have been here twice; once for a wedding and the other for a Lunch & Learn event.
Valet service each time was quick and the guys were professional and pleasant.
The grounds of the resort are kept meticulously clean and there were clear skies and greenery everywhere I looked; so beautiful.
Lunch & Learn (Aug 18th):  The event started a little past noon and ended a little past 3pm.
We reserved for six, but it's based on a first come, first served basis.
Two of us arrived a little after 11:30am and after paying our respective $75 fee, went to find a table that would afford us good views of the chef's station.
Unfortunately the best tables (with direct views of the chef's station) had "Reserved" placards on them, so we ended up with one off to the right of the chef's station.
I would recommend arriving early to grab good seats; tables are set for ten.
There are two large TV screens in the room, in case you're not able to see the chef directly.
Our event was hosted by Chef MacMillan (gave the guests a few good laughs), with featured guest chef Kevin Binkley (owner of Binkley's Restaurant in Cave Creek).
The servers weren't obtrusive and kept our water and wine glasses full.
We started off with a glass of champagne, which wasn't great, but was appreciated and added to the festive ambiance.
For this event, we were served three courses:  an appetizer (chilled cucumber soup), entrée (two-wash ranch chicken), and dessert (huckleberry semi-fredo).
Each course was paired with a different glass of wine:  John Anthony Sauvignon Blanc (white, appetizer), Andre Brunel Cote du Rhone (red, entrée), and Pietro Rinaldi Moscato d'asti (dessert).
I'm not usually a fan of Sauvignon Blanc (I favor Riesling), but the John Anthony won me over.
Chef Binkley went over his background and demonstrated the process that goes with making the chilled cucumber soup (which is quite involved).
The soup, albeit a bit salty, was SO good.
Everyone raved about it, and the best part of the dish for me was the charred red onion.
The two-wash ranch chicken entrée was good overall; however, my chicken was a bit dry and tough to cut.
This might be a one-off thing since others at the table said their chicken was moist.
Loved the sweet potato puree and Chantrell mushrooms.
The only real complaint I had was the lack of a demo for the entree and dessert.
With that said, I can understand why the chef needed to be in the kitchen...after all, we needed to eat, right?
;P  Other highlights: *  Live band entertained with great hits (a bit loud though for lunchtime) *  Recipes to take home *  Q & A with the chef (and photo ops) *  Raffles for a few prizes, which two of my friends won (a gift box of caramel brownies and one-night stay at the Sanctuary with dinner)  Wedding (Friday, March 23rd):  The ceremony was held at 5pm on the grounds near the ballroom.
The weather was a bit warm, but not unbearably so.
The bride and groom were beautiful (so was the service), but it was a bit distracting to see people observing us from the windows of the Jade Bar, which overlooked the grounds where the ceremony was held.
After the ceremony, we took a short hike up the stairs for cocktail hour, held just outside the ballroom.
It was such a beautiful experience to have a glass of wine, nibble on hors d'oeuvres, chat with friends, and watch the sun go down (with the mountains as a backdrop).
The reception was held in the ballroom and was decorated beautifully.
The food was great, the wine and alcohol was flowing, and the live (Latin) band made for a great evening.
My friend used Sanctuary's wedding planner (and caterer) and they did a great job.

My husband and I tried a different resort for an overnight getaway and we taught ourselves a lesson to not mess with what works out so well!
We're fans of the Spa Casita Suite that has the outdoor bathtub and the overall feel of tranquility and pampering in the resort.
The menu selection for the restaurants is great, service is great, the spa staff and services are flawless.
Even room service breakfast is delicious, attractive and the hot stuff is HOT and the cold stuff is Cold.
We can't wait to return.

We have done a lot of staycations in Phoenix and Scottsdale, but Sanctuary by far exceeded any experiences we've had elsewhere.
Granted it was for a 3 year anniversary and the vibes we had set a good platform for an awesome weekend, but the resort itself was perfect in so many ways.
We were able to snag a room with a balcony and were welcomed with chocolate covered strawberries in celebration of the anniversary.
The rooms are so beautiful - I just wanted to jump on the bed, open and close all the doors and drawers and fill the bath tub up with hot water and fancy salts.
How cool is that window between the bathroom and bedroom?
Super cool.
It's the small things.
The staff was incredibly friendly, gracious and helpful at every turn which made our stay even more relaxing.
The pool was pretty stellar.
Very fun chill on the patio outside Elements and enjoy a drink overlooking the pool, but it was even better to lounge in the sun during the day with a blood mary or strawberry basil lemonade.
It wasn't too crowded which was nice and the service was prompt.
The Sanctuary flip flops were pretty fun too.
I feel like I'm still basking in Sanctuary glory even though it's been a week already since our stay.
I will definitely recommend this to out of town guests looking for an indulgent splurge.
Anniversary perfection.

Beautiful rooms and views.
Room service is awful.
The tuna tartare was tasteless and my quesadilla was so burnt I had to send it back.
The room also had a number of technical problems that the staff could not solve, such as the tv in the bedroom not functioning.
Overall, I wouldn't recommend this hotel.

We just finished a 3-day weekend at the resort and I cannot say enough about the facility or the staff , so I'll try to hit the highlights:  The pool deck staff are outstanding.
They are friendly and fast.
The pool and the hot tub are clean and both at the perfect temperatures.
The food is phenomenal.
I highly recommend the bento boxes and all the salads.
I would also suggest selecting the asian inspired creations.
The only average selection we had was the kobe beef hot dog.
The spa is spotless and the staff is superb.
Both my fiancee and I reported to each other it was one of the top three messages we had ever had.
I would recommend asking for Tim C.  The rooms are tastefully appointed and the bed, sheets and towels are deluxe.
I am already planning another trip to the Sanctuary.
Enjoy!

We attended a wedding here recently and decided to stay the weekend.
Everything about our time at Sanctuary was exquisite - every drink, every bite of food...from the valet to the masseuses....it was a 5 start experience from start to fnish.
We look forward to going back for many years to come!

My wife and I decided on a quick 3 night getaway before the long winter in Detroit sets in.
Heard from a friend about the Sanctuary so had to give it a try.
The reservation process was great.
The concierge helped me via email find the right room, dates, etc.
and made me feel valued throughout the process.
Got a Spa Casita facing the mountain.
It was beautiful.
Little patio,  comfy king size bed, nice sofa,  fantastic shower and bathroom.
Wi-fi included in the resort fee worked great.
Well stocked mini-bar, flat screen,  DVD and stereo.
Scented candles and all the little touches that make you just relax and know you are somewhere special.
The check-in was painless and friendly.
Super helpful front desk folks and bellhops.
For that matter everyone is friendly.
Walking around the grounds every staff member says hello with a smile.
You know the guest is king when you are walking along and the housekeeping people on a golf cart stop to let you by without noise,  smile and ask how you are doing!
Really nice touch -- well done Sanctuary on your customer service training.
Grounds are beautiful.
3 pools, well equipped gym, great spa, excellent bar, outdoor seating areas,  outstanding food.
What is not to love?
An easy 10 minute drive to Scottsdale and a million restaurants if you so choose.
We had a fantastic time.
There is too much to write about but I hope you get the idea -- if you want to pamper yourself,  relax and get treated like royalty for a few days,  pick the Sanctuary.
We like to try new places,  but we will no doubt be back!

We went for lunch at the elements restaurant.
The food itself was pretty good and about $14 for a sandwich with chips.
They seemed very busy and so the service was somewhat hurried and slow, but we were accommodated very well.
I am giving this 4 stars because of the amazing view of camelback mountain and the infinity pool.
You are paying for the view and the ambiance.

There was a massive cochroach in our room.
Super gross!!
The bar lounge waitress's would not even come over to me or speak to me.
The gym, pool, & spa were nice but having dinner here is more like business than vacay time.
I will never stay here again.
Not fun or stress free resort.....

We went for Sunday brunch, which is pretty reasonable at about $40 per person with bottomless mimosas.
It was a beautiful day so our brunch crept out onto the patio when we were finished eating - but not drinking.
Our waitress was great and kept our glasses full.
We even stuck around to see the live music (Season 3 American Idol finalist Matt Rogers) which was a nice surprise.
The grounds and views are amazing of course.

This is a nice resort no doubt.
Good rooms, good food, isolated and boring.
Not near anything.
Any apparently you can't drink the tap water.
Service was great, just not really my type of place, more screaming kids then I expected, and nothing to do.

Sadly vacations have to end some time, but if you are fortunate enough to vacation here you will not want to leave.
The rooms or rather the casitas are so spacious and cozy that is feels more like a private residence.
This is NOT your typical 'enter the room off a long scary hallway immediately in rectangular box with one bed and a bathroom' establishment.
We stayed in one of the larger suites that had a welcoming foyer, living room with fireplace, dining room, enclosed sunroom and small kitchenette/bar with refrigerator, sink, microwave and Keurig coffee maker.
The bedroom and bathrooms were also generous in size than most homes.
All the furnishings, decor and style obviously were well designed and placed.
Let's now talk about the sensational service from the entire staff.
Cordial, friendly, personable and professional in every aspect.
From the conceirge, front desk, room service, housekeeping, bell hop, valet and poolside attendants (can you tell we took advantage of every nook and cranny at this place?
) everyone was very attentive and helpful.
Thank you Sanctuary resort!
We look forward to returning again.

What is not to love about this place!
A few friends decided to celebrate one of our girlfriends birthday at this resort.
We were supposed to arrive really early to take advantage of all this place has to offer.
However, stuff got in the way and I was the first one to arrive at 9:30.
I missed spin class and yoga class.
I checked in at the spa and the showed me the facilities and assigned me a locker.
Since they knew we were a group, she was going to keep the lockers on that side for us, that was very nice.
I headed to the fitness room with 2 of the ladies and worked out for about an hour, my friends abandoned me for the pool after 20 minutes.
I took a quick rinse in their beautiful showers, they are huge.
If you forget to shave, they have all you need there.
The infinity pool was delightful, and they have pool rafts and noodles if you want them.
Our lunch was very good.
I opted for a healthy meal, since I worked out hard, I had the seared ahi bento box, it came with some vegetables in two versions, raw and cooked and brown rice.
Very nice and filling.
One of our server was not the happiest, I think her name was Vanessa, but we were having too much fun to let that affect us.
I decided to have my spa service at the end of the day and that was a great idea.
I had a glorious facial and after it was done I got dressed and headed home, happy of having enjoyed a day of relaxation and fun with my girlfriends.

What a beautiful resort!
I've been to many happy hours and special events here... haven't stayed here yet so my review won't reflect the overnight experience.
As with most places in AZ, the best time of year to happy hour here is in the Spring, Fall or Winter.
Because the outside experience is simply amazing.
The view is beautiful as the resort is nestled in the mountains.
We happy houred here once on a really cold and windy evening earlier this year.
Get this, the outside benches are heated!
Crazy right?
There were also heat lamps surrounding us... and our server brought us blankets from house-keeping to make sure we were nice and warm.
Talk about hospitality.
Don't get me wrong, the inside bar area is also very cool, so don't avoid stopping in for a beverage or 2 in the summer either.
And definitely sample the happy hour menu, I haven't had anything I didn't like.

I had written a review when I returned home can't find it on here.
The place is pretty but Internet is horrible.
Spent every morning trying to get someone to help us get connected even though it was paid.
Don't order room service.
We did a lot and the staff left our trays there overnight.
Was swarmed by birds and their poo was all over table chairs tray.
This napped twice I had to return tray clean up poop.
Not whAt u want to do at several hundreds dollars a night... Front desk wasn't too concerned....  Don't know if ill would stay there Again.......

I LOVE this place.
I have been coming here once or twice a year for a10 years but only for the day.
Never an overnighter.
I was lucky enough to purchase a TravelZoo massage coupon then AAA Deals had an overnight special and I was able to combine the two.
My friend and I had a wonderful staycation.
Watched the sunset from the pool area overlooking the negative edge pool!
WOW Spectacular!!!!!!
The Sanctuary Lemonades (Vodka drinks) and the Cobb Salad which they substituted the Filet for Chicken for me poolside for lunch was Yummy!
The bed comfy bed and retro rooms.
My friend has the Korean BBQ salad and loved all the yummy unusual veggies in in.
The spa treatment was wonderful.
For $99 I got a theraputic massage, hand and foot treatment.
The spa was spotless and the employees bend over backwards for your comfort and happiness.
An absolutely fantastic 24 hour get away at  a wonderful high end laid back resort!

Gorgeous location looking out over the city--what's not to love?
Drinks are made by really good bartenders.
Bar food is mediocre in my opinion, but when you drink who cares what you eat?
Getting there with my Garmin gps was fun, since it directed me into someone's driveway...but I found the place.
It is out of the way so prepare yourself.
This is a beautiful spot, very romantic on a weekend night.
Quiet enough to have a good time with your special person I say...go for it!

The BF & I are return patrons to the Sanctuary.
The staff here did their jobs & kept us happy during our week stay.
We stayed in the spa suite which has a living room, bed room & bathroom that leads you outside to your personal outdoor soaking tub.
The room was very spacious.
I loved it.
The resort is located in a serene and quiet area/neighborhood that isn't too far of a drive to the mall in phoenix or the trader joes in scottsdale.
I can't wait for our return!

I have stayed at all the top resorts in the area and without question Sanctuary is my absolute favorite!
The rooms are so amazing (as long as you like modern) and the beds are so comfy.
The staff bends over backwards even on the simplest things.
The views of Camelback are amazing and it is a very central location.
I'm done exploring hotels in the area, I found a winner!

I've found my new Sanctuary!!!
This place is incredible.
I have stayed several of the top resorts in the area over the years and I have a new winner~ ~~ Sanctuary!
Workout schedule: awesome Pilate's, transformer, boot camp, yoga classes, small gym but all new equipment.
Rooms are so amazing- very modern, we had a huge table, a bar, a kitchen area, a patio that wrapped around our whole double suite.
Bed:are so comfy, maids come often (cleaning and turn-down service)   Staff: The service is one of the best parts of this place.
Laterally the staff bend over backwards to give you water, drive you to your room, help you find something, deliver something.
The waiters at the restaurant made our trip by bringing out a special surprise for our bride to be --AWESOME.
View: views of the huge Camelback mountain are breath taking, you feel like you are in a movie.
Location: just 10 minute drive from downtown.
Spa services: On another level, I would like more facial options --but the wraps are great.
Pool: an infinity pool and a lap pool   Only boo moment was the 4hr mixology class --It really dragged on!
and was so boring.
I mean 1/drink an hr --we should have just drank in our room.
Perfect: for your birthday, a relaxing weekend, a romantic weekend.

Service was excellent, the view was beautiful however, the food was "eh".
Chilean sea bass was great, but they had this huge nutty crust on it that didn't add any value to the taste.
Sometimes having just clean tasting grilled sea bass is all you need.

This hotel is for an older crowd only.
It reminded me of the hotels in Napa Valley, where everyone is 40+ years old.
One word of advice: DO NOT stay here if you have young children!!!
This is NOT a child-friendly hotel.
After driving 6 hours from Beverly Hills, CA to this resort, we were super excited to spend time at the hotel's main pool.
They have a few tiny pools around the grounds, but they do not have employees walking around taking food or drink orders.
We were told by the valet that the main pool was the best.
Once we arrived at the pool, our two kids ran and jumped into pool causing some water to splash.
That's when we were rudely approached by one of the employees and asked to go to another pool.
He was upset that some of the water splashed on his shoes.
To make matters worse, I saw him talking to other guests about us.
This was not an 18 and older pool.
It was their MAIN pool of the hotel!!!
They offered to pay for food and drinks if we went to the other pool.
After we ordered, they said they never told us they would do that.
What??
Why would I have questioned that on our bill if we were not offered that?
What ever happened to customer service????
There are plenty of nice hotels in that area.
Spend your money on another one.
I certainly will.

My wife and I just spent 3 days here and absolutely loved it!
She had been before with some girlfriends, but it was my first time.
From the minute you get out of the car, the service is amazing.
Everyone is so friendly and will do anything to make your stay more enjoyable.
It has a 'rat pack' kinda feel to it.....like the Viceroy in Palm Springs.
The place is designed into the mountain so every room has a great view of Paradise Valley.
The rooms are very well designed with updated décor and amenities.
We stayed in one  of the mountain suites and it was awesome.
The pool, workout facilities are awesome.
The last thing that was a very nice surprise was the food.
It was awesome!
even the pool food was great.
I highly recommend the edamame!!
amazing!
Overall, you gotta stay at this place if you're planning a special trip - anniversary, birthday, etc.

We stayed here just one night and had a great experience from the moment we arrived.
The valet is very helpful and the service is fast.
We got to our room and found a great layout and beautiful view.
There were flip flops and two robes awaiting our arrival in the room, and the mini bar was well stocked.
We had dinner in the restaurant and it was one of the best meals we've had on our trio so far.
Definitely recommend the restaurant for dinner and breakfast!
The one gripe is the service in the restaurant - it was a little slow and we had a number of different people waiting on us and bringing food.
We sat on the terrace in the morning and there must have been a good party at the pool the night before, but it hadn't been cleaned up.
That was a little odd given that it was 9:00 am and there were still bottles, twels and even boxer shorts lying around.
Overall, the sanctuary was a great stay and one that I'd recommend to anyone looking for relaxation and good service.

Hands down use to be my favorite place for happy hour, amazing view, great prices, yummy drinks and food and great staff.
Unfortunately they were closed for months for renovation and when they re opened it is nothing like before.
Their happy hour prices are anything but great and more like normal prices.
I won't be coming back here anymore as my usual hh place, but more for just a special occasion.
Pretty bummed to loose this place on my list of top favorites.

Great food, excellent service and a gorgeous view!!
Had the best massage, perfect place to relax and clear your head

Very beautiful resort property - probably the most beautiful one in Scottsdale/Phoenix in my opinion, and I've stayed at the Arizona Biltmore, the Phoenician, the JW Marriott, the Fairmont Princess and the Boulders.
I also love the restaurant there - Elements.
Highly recommend this resort.

Amazing stay - from the warm welcome by the valet staff arriving at the hotel to come back soon messaging at checkout (and we surely will!).
We could not have had a better visit.
The spa was wonderful.
The rooms great.
The restaurant delicious.
The views could not be rivaled.
But overall it was the service that stood out.
We will be back ....

We've yet to finish our stay but I need to  speak up about the staff.
2 days of 4 so far and they are top notch in every aspect.
Spa, Exercise, bar, restaurant and Concierge.
Today a small example of selflessness was displayed by Rebecca R one of the concierge as I asked her if there was anyway to get my wife just one or two roses for Valentines day and she had let me know 5pm was a little late.
She then found a small vase and she pulled 2 roses and greens from her own bouquet on her desk and arranged them for my wife.
Thank you Rebecca for a small gesture so large from your heart.
Happy Valentines Day.

Amazing!!!
Such a beautiful resort!
Loved our room, the pool, the bar, and Elements was probably one of the best meals I've ever had!
The service by all the staff was top notch!!!
I can't wait to do another "stay-cation" here!

Pro: very nice restaurant and bar with a good mix crowd.
Elements' Chilean seabass is to die for.
Coconut creme brulee is exceptionally delicious.
Smash pepper cocktail from Jade Bar is one of my favorite drink now.
Con: room is kind of old...nothing special or exotic about it..needs a facelift.
Drain in shower smells like back up sewage.
Infinity pool is kind of small.
Bathroom is very narrow.
You can stay somewhere else for a cheaper price and just come to enjoy the restaurant and bar here..it is not worth to splurge almost $600/night to stay here..save your money for the food and alcohol.

We just went for dinner, but the food was great and the service was even better.
The folks in the kitchen and at the tables know what they're doing.

I will be back.
Outstanding service.
Some of the best customer service I've ever experienced.
The restaurant has very delicious food.
It's a little pricey but sooooooo worth it.
Every bite was amazing.
The room was a little hot maybe because of the age of the property but they delivered a fan in less than 5 minutes.
Very enjoyable and relaxing time we had.

If you are thinking about going to the Sanctuary Resort On Camelback Mountain think again!!!
!.......they get one star cause there is nothing lower.
I am in my mid 40's, excellent health, very active and 103 lbs.
As a licensed professional I was considering a career change in CRT.
Last September I found Gary a message therapist employed at Sanctuary and scheduled an appointment with him to learn about CRT and any advice he could provide me.
Gary treated me with CRT and then also suggested another technique called Myofacial Release.
Never asking for it and very sorry I let him practice on me, the firm stretching and pressure applied to my abdomen caused severe pain and discomfort.
I was so concerned that I contacted Gary on his cell phone.
He said, "keep up with your treatments, I have done this many times.
"  I told him that I was never there for a treatment.
He didn't remember giving me his recommendations for education.
For the next three months after being treated by Gary I experienced stomach swelling, poor digestion, severe tenderness, poor circulation, and I became extremely nautious to the point of not being able to work.
Trying to figure out what damage Gary had done to me, and using my own money I went to several Dr's.
The total amount of my medical bills came to approx.
$1500.00, not to mention my lose of wages.
In January I was in touch with the Director of Sanctuary explaining in full detail my bad experience and to let her know so it would not happen to anyone else.
She simply said, "Mike from security will be contacting you for more questioning.
"  Recanting my bad experience once again to Mike from security "he wanted to know why I waited so long?
"  I told him that I wanted them to know what happened to me so that they could prevent it from happening to anyone else.
At first he had an attitude and was very unhelpful going as far as attacking my credibility and calling me a liar.
He even tried twisting my words.
By the end of our conversation he asked for my personal, confidential medicals records and Dr's names and said "we have insurance.
"    Submitting all records as per Mikes request thinking he would at least meet me half way with my medical expenses only to find out he had no intentions of doing so.
He said, "let me be perfectly clear, I did not make any offer to reimburse you for any expenses, medical or otherwise, that you may feel you are entitled to.
"  Why would he request such information from me?
Only to lie to me regarding his intentions.
I highly warn anyone seeking treatment from this so called (high end?
) Spa.
I would hate to see anyone go through the pain and expense that I have endured.

Went there for my husbands birthday.
Asked for a view -we were in a small booth with a view of palm trees.
No sunset.
The table was small and crowded.
The noise in the room was so loud we had trouble hearing our waitress.
The entrées were good however my $45 sea bass was way too salty.
We were never given a dessert menu.
They brought a birthday dessert that was a cup of chocolate mushy goop.
I have heard so much about this restaurant, we were disappointed.
Too many excellent  restaurants to go to this one.

PRO - close to camelback mountain CONS - Dirty, Bugs, no attention to detail  Read good reviews, so decided to spend a weekend here.
Upon arriving, we were quickly greeted by the valet, and he helped us to our room.
The valet eagerly grabbed the bags out of our car and tossed them into his golf cart.
Unfortunately, my girlfriend's diamond earrings were in a bag that was not closed up well and were lost.
When we got to the room, we opened the door and were greeted by a large cockroach.
The valet seemed embarrassed about the large bug and tried to catch it for 10 or 15 minutes.
After unsuccessfully catching the roach, he called the front desk to see if we could get another room.
The front desk said there were no rooms so I personally had to find and kill the bug myself.
My girlfriend and I were not thrilled about having to sleep here but without any choice we stayed.
I tried to put on the television, and after 10 minutes of messing with the various remotes we had in the room I discovered that the TV was not connected to anything or even plugged in.
We called the front desk and within about 20 minutes someone came up to fix it.
In the morning we woke up and found spider webs around the curtains.
There was a small patio with a table.
We were unable to enjoy them since the patios was very dirty and table/chairs were coveed in spiderwebs.
We found numerous insects in the room and bathroom.
Room is kind of old, nothing special about it.
Infinity pool is kind of small.
Bathroom is very narrow.
You can stay somewhere else for a cheaper price.
It is not worth to splurge over $600 per night to stay here.
I wend to the front desk to talk to the manager, but was tole that the manager was out.
I left my number for them to call me but have not heard from them yet.
(It's been over a week)  We ended up checking out and will never return.
$600+ for a single night, did not get to enjoy anything I read about in other reviews.

Just beautiful!
Service is excellent rooms are beautiful.
Food is great also!
Thankyou!

Pros -  *Pretty setting *Nice pool *Relaxing Atmosphere  Cons: - Cost: there are so many great resorts in Scottsdale, it's not worth the premium to stay at this location - Booking process: they need a better online booking tool that lists the prices for specials and packages, and can accommodate booking spa treatments and other add-ons - Extra charges: when you're spending $350 a night, I don't want to argue at checkout about an extra $5 for this that wasn't included or $20 for that.
It's tacky.

Get beyond the occasional pretentious d-bags and you will see one of the more beautiful resorts in the valley.
Tucked on the north side of Camelback Mtn (or hill, in my eyes) the Sanctuary has one of the more beautiful views in all of PHX.
The spa has a clean contemporary feel and is a great way to set the tone for your visit here.
Head out to the infinity pool which has amazing views of Camelback and the Phoenix Hills.
I haven't eaten at Elements (Chef MacMillan), but I have heard nothing but rave reviews for the food and obviously views.
Now, the Jade Bar, this is one of my fav watering holes when I have out of towners in.
Perfect way to show your guests all of what PHX has to offer, beautiful scenic views and endless flowing cocktails!
The prices seem reasonable for a high end resort and if you can serve my Moscow Mule in a copper mug I will pay a little extra.
If you visiting Phoenix, take a little time out and make your way to the Sanctuary, just make sure you bring your camera!

