Dr Nestlerode is fantastic.
He has this great office with a super friendly staff.
Anita is the first person you will meet.
She's just wonderful.
She's sweet and knowledgeable.
From there the service continues, from quick xrays, down to the cleaning.
Dr. Nestlerode does the cleaning himself!
You get personal service here.
No, herd of patrons lined up with a hygienist jumping from person to person.
How many dentists do their own cleanings these days?
I love that.
He also does the cleanings by hand.
No ultrasonic machines, which makes most people wince.
Hand scaling is more acurate.
Now I've never been fearful of the dentist, but I think for even those of you who are squeamish about it, you'll feel right at ease.
Dr. Nestlerode explains in detail all your problems and just how he'll fix you and make your pearly whites gorgeous.
All with a  no-pressure approach.
You will be given your options and you're in control of what happens next.
I also love that Anita will call and remind you that you're due for your cleaning and would you like to schedule.
WIth my busy schedule, this is a great service for me.
Once you see Dr. Nestlerode you will wonder why you ever went anywhere else.
Skip the chain clinics and go to a real professional who genuinely cares about his patients and enjoys his work.
His website says that in addition to routine exams and cleanings, he offers advanced services such as Cosmetic Dentistry, TMJ treatment and Dental Facelifts.
That sounds intriguing.
I'll have to ask about that next time.
They strive for comfort, affordability and creating a beautiful smile in everyone.
I certainly believe that!

we had a great experience with this place and will soon be back for more work.
My husband had some terrible tooth problems, and without insurance, we had to pay for it all ourselves.
It was nice having someone to work with who was patient and understanding.
My husband was able to feel better quickly and get on with life.
Thanks for everything Doc!

I had a crown break off of my top left tooth,I drove to paradise valley from east mesa because I was in pain and needed it cemented back on.Dr Nesselrode put the tooth back on and charged me 118 dollars.I went home and that night it came back off,I called the office the next day and there was no answer,I called the emergency number and they told me that they were not available to put it back on till after the weekend which was 4 days away.I went through the 4 days without eating because of the pain,I went back in after the weekend and Dr.Nesselrode again put it on and it came back off again.I put it back on myself because I was able to get some dental glue at Walmart and I had a temp job that week that I was able to do to pay my dad back whom I had borrowed the 118 dollars from.My father has early stages of Alzheimer's and moved in with me so I could be closer to him and we could care for each other.My dad loses his keys,glasses,phone,money,checkbook,papers.books,every week almost.I went back to see Dr.Nesselrode a week later after I got paid from my temp job to pay him the 118 in cash plus the fee that was accessed when my dad lost or misplaced his wallet the previous week and we had to call the bank and cancel the cards,one of my family friends offered to loan me the money for a new crown because by then I had already swallowed the one that the dentist had attempted to put back on and they took my cash which I think should have been used toward payment for a new crown and told me that I was too much of a problem for them to help me.Doctors and dentists should be caregivers of people that need help not thieves that take money they don't deserve and leave you in pain with no gas or money to get help somewhere else.
1star rating because I cannot post with 0 and a 5 star shame on you Dr.Nesselrode.
The crown that came off was the one he made and was paid for 5 months earlier.

