This rating is actually 2.5 stars.
I have a love/hate relationship with this gym.
The prices are not that great, but reasonable -- especially since the facilities are awesome.
There is a variety of weight machines on the bottom floor, and the upstairs is devoted to treadmills/ellipticals/stairmasters/etc.
Everything is clean, they have a juice bar, and I could probably live in the locker room.
Plus, it is one of the rare gyms that has a basketball court, and day-care.
But... and here is the BIG but (no pun intended) --  The place is always crowded!!
If you join, You are doomed to do the following:   - spend precious workout time circling their parking lot for spots  - spend precious workout time waiting for a machine  - be forced into an aerobics class with a biz-zillion other females.
Unable to execute moves without kicking your neighbor, and unable to see your instructor through the sea of bobbing body-parts  - contemplate working out at ungodly hours or *gasp* the weekend, just to ensure your time is properly spent.
They are basically a victim of their own success.
But alas, it is the only gym  in my area that meets my needs... even if I spend much of my workout hour cursing.

This is my gym because I have an LA Fitness membership and it's the nearest location to my house.
I'm locked into a deal where I pay only 99 bucks a year for life, so I can't really ditch it since most people pay much more than this.
I don't really go that much though.
This place is almost impossible to go to between 5 and 9pm... that is if it's a workout you're looking for.
What else would you go here for?
Well, this particular location is a notorious meat market - a den of hot sweatty sex where everyone's beautiful and fit.
Well, not everyone - but this place is full of pretty people... pretty people who don't really look like they need to be there.
Even I've been given phone numbers following conversations with pretty girls and I didn't even ask for them - it was strangely easy... too easy.
It makes me kinda wonder how clean these people are - which brings me to the reason why only 3 stars...
This place is kinda gross... few people actually wipe the equpment after they use it and I don't know how often the staff wipes the machines down with antibacterial.
I also don't know where everyone's asses have been.
This location is relatively new and a decent size - there's an upstairs with treadmills, climbers and elipticals - plenty of old crappy televisions to watch while you work out.
Downstairs they have a few racketball courts, a full-size basketball court, a lap pool, a spin class, a day care room, freeweights, and target machines.
Television programming is just local channels and the music selection they pump through the gym speakers is I think a looping tape - seems like the same songs over and over... not very good music either - bring an ipod.
It was all somewhat state of the art-ish when the place opened, but now it's starting to look a bit shabby... they don't do any maintanence on the machines unless someone complains.
This place is very thrifty and cheap considering how much membership money they get.
What's really missing here is towels - they should really provide towels for free - you can buy a shitty cheap shop towel for a buck, but that's just insulting.
Just give everyone a towel when they enter - have a laundry bin for when they leave.
People who come here probably make enough money that they don't need to steal shitty gym towels.
I live so close, I don't shower here - but the bathroom area (men's anyway) seems to be kept pretty clean... although everything is always wet... always.
Like a big fucking shaggy dog just got out of the pool and ran into the bathroom to shake himself dry.
Plus, 80% of the time when I go in there to wash strange ass sweat off my hands, there's some old fat dude walking around naked flashing his junk.
C'mon dude, just wrap a towel around yourself.
The manager at this location is a bit of an asshole as well... overall though, the staff is fine if you don't have any reason to talk to them.

Reviewers Max and Shon are both spot on.
I wish I would have read Max's review prior.
The skank (not gender specific) factor is so high at this location that I would have never joined.
(And I'm originally from San Diego--I know from meat markets.
)  With regards to towels:   I was previously a member at 24 hr fitness...I thought towels were mandatory at *all* gyms.
Since joining, I've noticed that I am one of maybe 5 people that even carry a towel.
Oh, and can we talk about odor?
I feel like canceling my membership over the stink, alone.
I'm a lesbian, but I'm now certain that I know what my face inside a sweaty, dirty, ancient man's buttocks would smell like.

So before McCormick Ranch opened this was my morning hangout.. Id get there about 3am to get my work out done before work and of course the crowds.
The night guy was apparently friends with all the Scottsdale homeless (yes there are homeless in Scottsdale) so he would kindly let them in to take showers and such.
Well, I think that's a cool thing to do however many homeless people have mental problems and do not discriminate on who they flip out on, including yours truly!
I was putting my bag away when some homeless asshole came out of the shower area and proceeded to yell at me!
I couldn't understand what he was saying (like had had marbles in his mouth) but he was animate about something.. when I finally had enough and turned around to call the cops he started apologizing.. jackoff!
Okay, so whatever, I went and did my work out.. then I came back to the locker room and stripped to take shower... when I got to my favorite stall (creature of habit) someone had taken a huge fucking shit right there in the shower stall!
Can you fucking believe it?
Though it was a perfect shit pile, kind of like when you pour soft serve ice cream into a bowl..
I was so grossed out I took a whores bath in another area and left.
On my way out I told front desk guy what had happened there.. he looked at me and asked if I was sure.. how fucking sure can a turd in the shower stall be?
Its pretty damn real!
He looked at me like I did it or something.
Jackoff number 2!
This place is like a 100 dollar whore.. she looks pretty good on the outside but once you go down on her, you really wish you hadn't.

Fuck this place!!!!!!
I decided to sign up for a 3 day pass online because I recently moved to south Scottsdale and it's the closest gym to my place.
I know many people that are members and all seem to be pleased with the services/size/convenience etc...
I print out my pass, get ready for the gym and drive the few blocks.
When I arrive I am greeted by the receptionist and I let her know that I signed up for a 3 day pass online.
She immediately calls up one of the sales people to enter me into the system.
I'm not crazy about the whole "entering me into the system" thing because it's just a 3 day guest pass but whatever.
I just want to workout  and get on with my day so I comply.
He asks for my driver's license and types in my number.
He asks if I have been here in the past six months and I say no.
Then he says to me that he cannot give me a 3 day pass b/c the system says that I have been here in the past 6 months.
I am completely confused because I have never been to any LA Fitness or even given my drivers license to this place to swipe.
Not even in another state.
He listens to me but looks at me like I am lying.
He then proceeds to try and sell me a membership and not only that he wants to up-sell me shit I don't even need.
I already told him I have no family and he keeps bringing up the family benefits!
What an ass!
I said I don't have kids you jerk off!
Anyway, he keeps trying to show me all the different types of membership levels and I interrupt and say "so I can't workout today without  signing up"?
and he says "no".
What a load of shit.
I have not even seen the facilities!
What has happened to customer service?
What is so wrong with me getting a 3 day pass?
No thanks LA Fitness!
You suck!

Come all ye barbies, all ye roid monkeys, all ye hopeful trophy wives to be.
Oh yes, this is the place to ogle, in this gym peppered with a maelstrom of high pitched valley girl voices, the infamous bubble gum blower girl who hops on each machine for five minutes at a time, then leaves to watch herself in the mirror, and also populated by men with perfectly gelled hair wearing their shades inside.
Stay far, far away during the after work rush on mondays; you'll be waiting for machines and willing the barbies to just give you your damn turn.
Clientele aside, with the amount of equipment and two levels, it's a pretty solid bet for personal fitness if you're like me and don't give a crap what anyone else thinks.

When new in town, braving a packed gym wasn't so bad.
Much like the summer heat, it's starting to wear on me a bit.
If I wouldn't have bought the 2 year lump sum membership (which was very resonably priced, by the way) I would totally quit this gym.
It is just too hard to get up at 3:30 am to get my lift on before work, and after 4:30---forget about it, waaayyyyy too many people.
I would much rather have rusty barbells in a musty basement than continue to wait around for a squat rack.
--------------------------------------- original review: Good equipment with great hours, but if you get there after 6pm mon-friday be prepared to wait in line for certain stations.

I stand out when I go, because I don't reek of burnt skin from the tanning bed across the street.
I only go to this gym because it's close enough to hit in the mornings and I can ride my bike there.
That's where the fun stops.
Here are my beefs: 1.
Not enough cardio equip if you're going to let 1/4 of the machines be out of order every day.
Hiding the free weights isn't a fun game.
They are never stacked where they're supposed to be.
I always have to hunt around and sometimes never find the ones I need.
c. They have been missing three different medicine balls for more than 6 months, now.
I asked about them, three different times and was told that they were in the gym, I just had to look.
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
If you go past 3p on any day, it looks like what is has to be like walking into Axis Radius on a Saturday night (not that I've ever been bored or drunk enough to know).
Meat-heads gallore, complete with spiked hair, fixed around their ban-danas and barbed wire tats around their arms.
Also, their chicks wear outfits so ridonkulous that Michael Phelps would be embarrassed at the amount of skin showing.
Fat trainers.
Other than that, it's awesome.

I go here about 4 times a week.
I live up the road and it's the closest gym to my home.
I pretty much hate it here.
The only thing I enjoy is the spin class.
Cardio Area - Not all that bad.
Free Weight Area - Sucks.
Filled with meatheads, douche bags and snobs.
The weights are never where they should be.
It is always cramped, the steroid levels in this place is insane, the meatwads here have no respect for other (just recently, one blew a snot rocket on the floor right next to me).
I won't use the free weight area here and I am definitely not someone who avoids or is offended by much.
Machine Area - It is decent.
Again, you can't avoid the nauseating crowd in here but it is generally not as packed as the free weight area.
Spin Room - I enjoy the spin class I go to.
Basketball - Sucks.
Unless you know someone, be prepared to sit on the side and watch a bunch of assholes play basketball while you stand and watch, or get stuck on a shitty team.
It is packed with endless punks who all think they are awesome and are sub-par at best.
I have played basketball my entire life and know the game.
I constantly get coached by the tools in here when I play.
If you make a mistake, they will yell at you and not pass you the ball.
If they mess up, it's no big deal.
Passing is rare anywho, since most of them just hog the ball.
I play at McCormick Ranch and the crowd is MUCH better.
Raquetball - I don't play, but it seems decent.
All in all, if I had better options, I would never go here aside of spin class.
But being that it is so close to my house, I unfortunately end up here often.

Worst gym ever (said like the Comic Book Guy from the Simpsons)  I have so many bad things to say about this gym that I am just going to list a few of them here to avoid losing my cool.
1) This place is super hot in the summer because they don't like to turn on all the A/C units.
2) NO ONE cleans off machines after using them and staff could care less.
3) Sales staff is extremely pushy.
They like to be the ones to scan you in so they can ask every single day if I want a fitness screening.
No, I just want to work out.
You asked me yesterday.
4) Peak hours are so busy a line wraps down the staircase just to use an elliptical/treadmill.
5) Parking is a pain in the rear.
People are so desperate for a parking spot up front - come on, you're going to a gym...
WALK - they hold up traffic on Scottsdale road to wait for someone to pull out of a spot.
That's all I can say for now without typing in more caps.
I miss Mountainside fitness.

Okay, I am going to have to disagree with everyone here.
First off, meat market?
What gym ISN'T a meat market?
Going to a gym is all about getting in shape and healthy...  what are you going to find?
A bunch of healthy people who take pride in their image.
Fine.
Who cares?
It is like saying "I won't eat at Pasta Brioni because everyone is too good looking...".
If you don't want to get "hit on" wear headphones.
Wear baggy clothes.
Works like a charm.
Don't go at the most busy hours: 6-8am and 5-8pm.
I went last night at 9:30pm and it was a ghost town.
Easy to get to all the equipment.
For the price and what you get this place is very well equipt.
A full lap pool, Jacuzzi, steam room, showers, Basketball court, Racquetball courts, Spin room, class room (pilates, yoga, boxing, step), juice bar, great locker room, lounge areas in the locker room with Sportscenter and flat screens.
That being said, yes the scene can be recockulus, but only if you choose to be in it.
Mind your own business and everything is fine.
I am not the buffest, best looking guy in the gym by any means, and I really don't give a crap, I am there to work out =)  The only improvement I would suggest are more key boxes for carkeys and crap like that.
Don't let the review scare you, it is a good gym.
Plus you get access to every other LA fitness in the valley...  which is a pretty extensive coverage area.
I forgot to mention all the free classes.
There is nothing wrong with this place.

I've been working out at LA Fitness for a few months now.
Not too many complaints.
The gym is a good size.
It does feel like it could use a few more machines and benches.
When you go at a busy time it's a pain, but my schedule allows me to go during off hours which is nice.
The trainers and staff tend to leave you alone while you do your thing (unlike the trainers that always stopped you to offer you a free session at my last gym).
I love taking the spin classes on Tuesday and Thursday evenings.
Both instructors give a really good and intense workout.
LA Fitness also offers a ton of other group classes that I keep telling myself I should get around to taking.
It also has a pool racket ball courts (I never play, but at least one is always in use), and a basketball court (don't bother trying to use it unless you want to play with a group of guys that are probably way better than you).
The people there are exactly what you'd expect to see at a gym that costs about $25 to $30 dollars a month.
I'd like to be able to afford to work out at bigger and better place, but LA Fitness is definitely more than adequate to fit my needs.

Just like all of my reviews, I will be honest.
I've been a member here for 5 years.
Not a big fan.
Never, I repeat, NEVER go after 4pm.
For some reason, they have a DJ.
Yes, it is the absolute most annoying thing I have ever experienced at a gym.
Even though you can't hear your iPod because of the DJ, you still need to have your earbuds in your ears to prevent unsolicited conversation from some of the weird members.
btw - There are a TON of old creepy guys who stare at the ladies.
But hey, what gym is perfect?

The DJ blasts a hot new remix, people stand around waiting in lines, sales girls in matching outfits walk around promoting new products, balloon decorations are everywhere and cheesy guys greet you as you walk in - Where am I you ask?
No, I'm not at a Scottsdale club.
I'm at LA Fitness!
This past weekend, the McDowell location of LA Fitness hosted a VIP Event.
Whoever thought up this event gets no stars, in my opinion.
Unfortunately this is also the second time that I've walked into this particular LA Fitness only to feel as though I've entered a club.
Because No La Fitness.... No, I don't want to listen to that blasting pop music.
No, I don't want pushy sales people unleashed at me upon my entrance.
No, I don't want to enter your raffle and have you stupidly call out winners with a microphone that's so awful no one can even hear what's being said anyway.
I just want to workout.
Shocking, right?
But somewhere along the way, LA Fitness got lost and forgot that they are actually, really, just a mere.... average, run of the mill....gym!
For me, going to the gym doesn't equal social hour.
I want to pop in my IPod and work-up a sweat, lift my weights, stretch and be done.
But when you force me to listen to your noise pollution and subject me to your sales pitches, I get irritated.
My IPod couldn't even drown the awful racket without causing permanent damage to my ear drums.
Funny thing is that when I looked around the gym, an overwhelming majority of people still had their IPod/MP3 Player in despite the fact that they hired a DJ.
I admit, begrudgingly, that LA Fittness does get the job done.
Convenient locations scattered throughout the valley, nice pools and basketball courts, all of the equipment I need to get a well-rounded workout, great selection of classes with convenient times and decently clean facilities.
Lines for cardio and weight machines can get long, and more often than not there are multiple broken machines causing frustration for members.
Nothing exceptional, but it serves its purpose.
And until I have the ability to pay more per month or find another reasonably priced alternative, I'm stuck.
So FYI LA Fitness - it takes a lot more than just a DJ and balloon arch decorations to impress.
Instead, focus on being consistent in the areas of gym cleanliness, equipment maintenance and facility quality.
That would be a much smarter use of your time, energy and marketing dollars.
Idiots.

edit: I had to knock this place down a star.
I feel like it has gotten even worse recently.
They don't even have the spray bottles to clean the machines anymore- just paper towels and a weird solution coming out of a soap dispense on the wall that NO ONE SEEMS TO USE.
EVER.
It's like people think it's hand soap and don't touch it.
I'm going to try driving south to the location in Tempe (which sucks, because I live like a freaking mile from this one) and if that isn't better I'm changing gyms.
I don't feel like getting MRSA.
I don't really have a lot of NEW information to share about this place that hasn't been said already, so here's my bottom line.
Is this gym gross, dirty and smelly?
Yes.
Are there a lot of obnoxious people there more interested in socializing than exercising?
Yes.
Will this stop me from working out there?
No.
It's close to me, it's cheap and there's no contract.
There's lots of classes offered.
Until I can afford a membership at some super classy exclusive place, LA Fitness will most certainly serve it's purpose- to keep me from getting fat.

I don't what all the fuss is about.
I think this is a great gym.
However, you have to understand my perspective on gyms.
A gym serves two purposes.
First, to get your exercise on.
Second, to serve you up a bounty of eye candy.
In terms of equipment, this LA has pretty much everything.
It can crowded during peak times (4 to 5:30), but I have never had to wait around to workout.
I just went to a different machine or did a different exercise.
At one point at least 5 of the treadmills were broken and that was frustrating.
There was also that one week that the whole gym was closed for renovation and nothing actually changed.
In terms of eye candy, the Scottsdale men have got it going on.
So much beefcake.
Yes, there are the rich white woman and white men with their sagginess scooting about, but by in large, this gym is populated by the studly.
So final thoughts:  You can get a great workout in here with front row tickets to the gun show.

Great gym, parking is aweful but always a bike in spin class and a spot in yoga.
Shop the different trainers because some of them lack personality.

Quit whining about there being a bunch of pretty people at the gym.
If it bothers you that much, go to a different gym!
I work out here several times a week and am not bothered by all the "meat heads".
It's a gym!
I come to sweat my ass off and go home.
The staff is helpful and attentive.
There are normally plenty of machines available...unless you come at 6pm after the new year - same with any gym.
The facility is overall pretty clean.
It's a great gym to call home !

I've been a member here for 2 years now.
I have to say I'm pretty stuck on the place, I even quit & re-joined.
I have pretty simply gym needs.
All I want is a good elliptical and some weights.
and I don't want to have to wait, at all.
I always go towards the end of peak times (6-7pm) and I have never had to wait for an elliptical, ever.
They keep them well maintained, too.
They have so many weights that even if someone is on the weight machine I need, I just use another till they're off of it, and I never feel like I'm right on top of my neighbor there either - usually I have my pick of the machines.
It is very annoying when their pushy sales people or vendor partners try to talk to you at the door.
I've gotten to the point where I just pretend I'm talking on my cell phone as I walk by if I see them.
They want the names and numbers of your friends... no thanks, dude, they wouldn't be my friends long if I gave 'em out to you, now would they?
The parties they throw are also annoying.
A DJ?
Balloons?
It's a gym... not a party.
The personal trainers are OK, I fell for their little deal when I first started.
They do an OK job training you, I just resented the high-pressure sales tactics in retrospect.
A tip if you join - if you want to avoid the personal trainer sell, just don't make an appointment for your free "personal trainer consultation".
Or if they make you do it, call & cancel and keep putting it off.
That's the sales pitch.
It's NOT really a personal training session, that's B.S.
But the place is always clean, staff is always helpful and smiling (if they aren't selling you something) and machines are kept in great condition and available.
The only way I could see this getting better is if someone else could do the workout for me :)

This is pretty good place to workout overall.
You have a lot of different machines and free weights.
I usually go in the mid afternoons when it is less crowded.
It can get annoying with the crowds of people late at night, but that just tells me that people are trying to get back in shape and they are doing so at this establishment.
Keep in mind you are not there to worry about others, but there to get the body you want and feel better after your done.
Its a gym, a nice large and spacious one, never heard a DJ, they play top 40 music, but most people wear headsets or just focus on the workout.
The staff is real cool people, they work with you if you allow them too, and people are cool overall too.
4 Stars

For the price, I really shouldn't complain.
But...since you're here...the number of benches for the free weight area is minimal, and I always seem to be sharing some piece of equipment with someone else.
For as large as this place looks from the outside, I'm surprised that this is the case.
Nevertheless, the quality of their equipment is superior, and that's really important to me.
So overall, I'm happy, for now.

Since LA fitness bought out and closed nearly all the Pure Fitness locations convenient to me, I was forced to "join" this gym.
Since I have zero interest (for numerous reasons) in being a part of LA fitness, I decided to cancel my membership so this isn't a typical review.
The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because they couldn't do this for me over the phone.
Instead, they made me go into a physical location.
I was expecting a high-pressure sales pitch to get me to stay but it was a very simple process with no back and forth banter about my reasons for quitting and my LA Fitness can help me reach my goals yada yada yada.
The guy at the front desk simply printed out a form that I had to throw a stamp on and put in the mail.
The whole thing is extremely stupid and a waste of my time because I didn't even have to sign the form.
So 4 stars for wasting my time for something that could easily be done over the phone.
But 4 stars for making it a relatively painless process.

For the longest time I put off LA Fitness.
I joined the small and homey local gym in town which is super cheap for in-town residents.
I was content for a few months.....but that's another review......
So LA Fitness always seems to be packed with beautiful people, who go to look at other beautiful people.
Except for us die-hards who are there at the butt-crack of dawn.
That's when I feel it's all business.
Those of us who know we won't work out after the work day is over and need to get in and get it done before anything else.
So I appreciate that they're open so early.
I have to say though, I usually never have to wait for a piece of equipment, and it's nice to be able to use the aerobics room when there's not a class in there.
They offer a pretty reasonable deal too at around $30/month, and promise that it's not a hassle should you have to quit.
Hopefully they keep their word on that, but for now it works for my schedule and budget.

i belonged here, got sick of waiting for equipment being used by dudes more interested in posing and talking than working out, and cancelled my membership.
joined a nearby parks and recreation gym.
loved it at first but it became a hangout and social circle for all the ancient, elderly scottsdale locals.
now i'm back to la fitness.
except i go super early with all the regulars who also come early to get in, work out, move on, and leave.
i hate getting up so early, but there's no waiting and everyone is interested in actually exercising before work.
the gym section is nice, with plenty of machines and weights.
the upstairs is packed with treadmills and there's always several open.
the spin class in the morning is awesome...loads of sweating and a great cardio workout.
i wish i played raquetball because they have 3-4 excellent looking courts.
and the aerobics room is big and roomy, and when there's not a class, it's a great room to get in my "mathew mcaughhhhhhhnehhhey" workout.
i have run into some gripes though.
the morning girl who opens up the gym NEVER acknowledges anyone coming in...or at least those of us not very good looking (me).
she forgot the key once and the gym didn't open until after 7am.
and one time, she was actually sleeping (head down on her arms) at the desk.
can anyone else sleep at work, in plain view of clients and not get fired?
and the mens bathrooms.
ugh....leftover underwear, bandaids, hair, boogers, toilets filled with stale piss.
every monday morning, there is NO soap in the dispensers.
i guess the housekeeping staff gets sunday off.
but i'm only paying a membership....why bother?
lastly, often the weights are strewn all over the gym.
that's a hassle to go hunting down a random 20, 30, or 40 pound dumbell that some jerkoff left by the cable rowing machine.
but i guess that happens at all gyms.
anyway, decent gym, reasonable rates (30/month) and it's only 3 minutes from our house.
they open early.

I have been a member here for about 8 months and think its a pretty solid gym.
They have almost everything you could ask for in a gym but unfortunately it gets so pack between 3-7 that I would rather just sit at home instead.
But I have changed the time of day that I go to earlier in the morning and I enjoy it much better.

In the year I have been working out at this LA Fitness, the experience has gone from adequate, to tolerable, to awful.
It pretty much goes back to LA Fitness' acquisition of Pure Fitness.
Ever since they shut down the location on Rural, this location is always busy.
There was barely enough equipment for the size of this gym's membership before all the Pure Fitness members came over.
Now it's a fight to get on a popular bench or machine.
Show up early if you want to have a quality work out.
On the plus side, I do enjoy the Spin Classes here.
I highly recommend Rachael's class on Thursdays at 5:30pm.
But as much as I enjoy the class, it's not enough to keep me working out here.
I'm planning on moving, and will mostly likely cancel my membership unless I end up close to a decent LA Fitness.

This gym is great..... As long as you like to work out before 2PM.
In the mornings, it's mostly old folks.
Around the time when people get out of work, this place might as well be a brothel/night club with treadmills.
Women who "work out" in full make-up & giant fakies will chat on a treadmill for 30 min at 3 MPH upstairs.
Steroid-pumped men chit chat & shittalk around the machines downstairs.
Everyone is on texting or on their phone.
It's obnoxious.
Oh & if you're dumb enough to use the lockers but not bring a lock, you're things are likely to be stolen.

Hhmmm, rushed to the gym after work to find out that the class schedule on the website is completely different than the schedule in the gym?!?!
A word of advice....update your website!

So I'm used to 24 Hour Fitnesses in SF, which means a much different gym-ing experience.
But anyways, my mom took me here to get their free guest pass while I'm visiting, so I could hit up some of their classes and come home not feeling like I just stuffed my face and sat on my ass while staying with her.
The gym itself was spacious with tons of machines, and a decent sized class room.
We decided to take their Body Works+Abs Class, and had no idea what we were getting ourselves into.
However, the instructor kept us pumping iron like the champs we have the potential to be....and man do I feel sore today!
In general I like this gym because they have tons of different classes- much more variety and better hours than my lovely SF gym I usually go to.
If you're new to a class at this gym, people don't give you weird looks- they just focus on themselves, which is refreshing!
The classes are also much easier to get into, and first come first serve with less attendees.
So awesome!
However, I like my SF gym more because even though there were TONS of hot boys to look at here, I saw tons of girls working out completely done up with full on make up, wtf?
Specifically there was a girl in my class with her hair done, blush, eye make up and bright red lipstick.
Isn't she worried about that sweating off?
Honestly, I could care less about looking good at the gym, but I guess that's just Scottsdale?
Anyways, cheers to good classes and better machines!

Ive been going to this gym for about 6 months now and think they are ok but could do better.
The treadmills seem to break & stay broken for awhile and I wish they would add more classes to accommodate the working class.
But otherwise, the staff if friendly & they keep it clean.

In general LA Fitness at this location is not bad.
I typically only go to run and for a few of the classes.
My absolute favorite for a total body workout is BodyWorks with Kimberely!
She's got great music and keeps you working the whole class.
I've also recently gotten into the Latin Heat classes.
Unfortunately, the previous instructor, Danielle, has since stopped running the classes at the Scottsdale location and the class is suffering!
I'm sure the new instructor is a good teacher, but Danielle was by far the best!
Very upbeat, great dance moves, kept us moving and made us work!
The class I went to last night was far from that.
As far as when to work out, I would say mornings and early afternoons.
Anytime after that the Scottsdalians come out and it's filled to the brim with women working out in makeup and guys who just walk around, chat with each other and stare at themselves in the mirrors.
If you can deal with it, go for it!

ugh it gets SO busy during the peak hours.
ive had to wait for a cardio machine several times.
maybe i'm spoiled by the other gyms i go to but i hate how you can't listen to the tv when working out or control what channels are on.
yes, it's cheap but having to wait when you've spent 20 minutes psyching yourself up to go to the gym kind of ruins the work out.
parking can be really annoying too.
i went to a few classes..not GREAT but not horrible.
recommend body works plus abs if you are looking to be sore the next day.

yes, despite the nuances, i still enjoy my LA Fitness.
the soap dispensers have been consistently filled lately and they did away with the sleeping morning girl.
now we are greeted with a very smiling morning girl...at 5am!
yay!

My brother just joined LA Fitness and as a part of a first time membership he was given a 3 day complimentary pass to give out to friends or relatives.
To make a long story short I called to inquire about using the 3 day complimentary pass and was shocked at how the front desk person (Jill) handled the situation.
Jill said the pass was only for guest who's interested in signing up for a membership.
Well I'm just visiting  for the holiday and a membership didn't make sense to me so I asked what exactly complimentary meant and she had no legit answers to give me , hhmm.
Jill  then proceeded to tell me that I needed an in state I.D upon arrival in order to workout.
I offered to bring my passport and military I.D and Jill denied both identification..
This place has the worst customer service skills, after fighting for 9 months in Afghanistan I'm being denied to workout with a legit complimentary pass.
Thank God for places like 24 HOUR Fitness.
I'm not sure if it's just a Scottsdale thing but this is the worst treatment I've ever gotten from a gym staff.. LA Fitness doesn't even have a steam room and yet they act like the place is made of gold.
And to the trainer (Travis Stone) who gave us the pass , please be more accurate and detailed whenever you hand out guest passes.. Let people know of the hassle they may encounter when dealing with guest passes..
This place is definitely not the place to workout.. 24 HOUR FITNESS is definitely a class on it's own..

Can you say worst gym ever?
Maybe not cosmetically but this company has cut throat sales men that you will have to go through in order to get a gym membership to the most crowded gym in town.
I was member here for 2 years and canceled I was paying 29.95 a month and did not pay an initiation fee which is totally negotiable but since I didn't do this the jerk off salesmen limited me only to the Scottsdale location.
So I went back into renew my membership and the new salesmen(I think he was a manager) stone walled me and said it would cost $35 a month+ initiation fee non negotiable, so I left.
This dumb ass had the nerve to call me the next day and tell me he could do $29.95 a month.
Screw him and screw this SLEEZY corporation.

Do not go to this LA Fitness, or any other for that matter.
24 Hour is much better.
This LA Fitness over promises to get you to purchase memberships and training sessions.
They hard close you and tell you things that aren't true to get you to purchase their membership.
I was told that I didn't need a membership to have my personal training sessions, and then a couple weeks later after I signed agreement got a notice that this wasn't true.
Had to call corporate to get this reversed.
I cancelled my membership a couple months later because I moved and then got billed again the following month.
Called this location to get the charge reversed and they hung up on me twice while transferring me to the GM and then said that the GM wasn't available.
Very shady practices here.

I have to start out by giving props to my PT Bruce, he's been awesome and I've seen gains in my workouts for the first time in years.
With that being said I'm still up in the air slightly  on certain topics.
I Have only had my membership for about 2 months so far.
There are good days and then really crowded days.
5pm is pretty terrible if you're looking to use a bench.
Sometimes the bathrooms could be cleaner, but all in all with that much traffic it's a pretty solid gym.
4 overall (5 for Bruce and 3 for gym!

At first glance this place seems good.
Pool, racket ball,basketball etc.
Don't be fooled.
This place is packed all of the time.
Cardio machines are usually open, but good luck ever findings space in the free weight section.
I once asked the front desk if they could change a tv station and was told that was not allowed.
Gets job done but not great.

Typical LA Fitness; standard gym, classes and services.
WAY too busy in the hours from 4-7 forcing anyone who doesn't want to deal with lines for euipment to go 7 or later during the week, or there's always the morning!

While I can say that the trainers are nice and competent, and the place is generally clean, DO NOT go  there if you actually want to work out between the hours of 4-7.
Case in point: today I went in for my run then lift session around 6pm.
Had to wait about 5 minutes for a treadmill (this is not horrible).
Got done with my run then went to lift.
THERE WERE NO WEIGHTS BETWEEN 10-50 LBS ON THE RACK!
I started wandering around the gym trying to find weights that I can use and then I decided this is freakin ridiculous, I shouldn't have to spend 10 minutes wandering around trying to find weights for my next set .
I went to the front desk only to see two employees goofing around with an exercise ball.
When I asked the one kid if he could help out be re-racking weights he said "they don't pay me enough to do more than say 'hello' and 'goodbye', maybe you should go somewhere else".
Seriously.
On top of it all this is the third time I've had to ask the front desk to manage their floor!
I've about had it with this place.
I'll be calling corporate tomorrow, and probably checking out a different gym if I don't get an adequate answer.

Way too busy needs to have a max capacity cut off

If I could give them zero stars, I would.
In June, LA Fitness withdrew my monthly fee FIVE TIMES.
That's correct: they charged me my monthly dues FIVE TIMES within 30 days.
it was never reimbursed.
It only gets worse.
Around the same time, I moved out of the area, and called to cancel my membership.
They told me it had to be done online.
I went online and it was literally impossible to cancel that way.
For fear that they would continue to withdraw money, I cancelled my debit card and got a new one.
The harassment begins.
I'm not exaggerating: every week, once or twice a week, I received a call from one of their many call centers around the country, calling to tell me that there is a "problem with my credit card" and that I owe them money.
The first call, I explained that no, I do NOT owe them money; that in fact THEY owe ME money, and that I would like to cancel my membership immediately.
I was told that I have to do it online.
I told them that this was not possible.
They told me they'd "note my account".
At least A DOZEN more calls followed over the next four month (FOUR MONTHS!
), all "informing" me that I "owe them money", then me stating that I want to f***ing cancel, then them saying to go online, then me saying - even asking to walk me through it and being told they don't know how!!!
- that's not an option, then them saying they'd "note my account".....  Then there was today.
Yet another call.
Broken record, I'm getting fed up and I threatened to contact the Better Business Bureau (which I will do next).
I ask if she can read English, as there MUST be something "noted on my account", yes?
No.
Nothing.
NOTHING.
Which leads me to believe that these assholes were just trying to get more money from me.
The most frustrating part: she literally cancelled my account over the phone in about 15 seconds.
(I assume.
I received an immediate email confirmation.
) Absolutely no reason for those assholes to harass me for 4 months.
Oh, the kicker: the email said I still owe them $79.
Fact is, technically they owe me over $100, but I'm willing to take the loss to get these assholes out of my life.
DO NOT, DO NOT, DO NOT give this company your credit card info...which is the only way to join...so, FIND ANOTHER GYM.
I realize that my complaint is corporate's issue, and not Scottsdale's, but there is no where else to Yelp this and Scottsdale is where I signed up.

This has to be the busiest gym I have ever been to period.
If you come between 5-9 p.m., good luck finding something.
I like this location because of the classes they have.
If you want the best boot camp, go on Mondays and Thursday at 5:45.
John Borjon, who is the instructor really pushes you to a new level each time.
The music he chooses is amazing to go with the workout he has.

I would recommend many other gyms over this one.
Aside from a few passionate (and really great) spin instructors, the classes are average at best.
There are two good trainers that I have worked with who are extremely knowledgable.
Otherwise it sounds like a majority of the trainers aren't certified and are just "fit" people.
The front desk staff is a joke.
I hate to be so abrasive, but I am pretty sure the requirements to work the front desk are having a pulse and the ability to swipe a key fob.
Aside from a majority of them having terrible personalities, they are totally clueless on basic manners and customer service.
I could write a long list, but my most recent experience was that I recently called a handful of times to cancel my membership.
Each time I was aksed to leave my information.
Following no returned calls I explained to the front desk girl my frustration and her response was "well, you will just have to keep calling.
It is not like they can drop what they are doing and talk to you about your membership.
"  Really?
Because when I wanted to join a year ago I received 11 phone calls in one week.
(Yep, that I 1.57 times per day they had enough time to drop everything and call me when they wanted my business.
)  The gym is generally clean.
There are always a decent number of cardio machines that are flagged as down for maintenance.
Best time of day to go is the morning.
People mind their own business and get a solid workout in.
Later in the day you have a crowd made up of a majority of people showing way too much skin, looking to take someone home or blowing kissing in the mirror at themselves as they do bicep curls.

I hate to write an a-holish 1 star review based off a single (2 min) experience, but at the end of the day, the customer experience I had here was just plain bad.
Not to mention, I was a member at the gym for 4 yrs when I lived in AZ, so I feel this is justified.
Like most chain gyms, this LA Fitness offers a complimentary pass of some sort via Yelp (and I'm sure other websites).
I noticed it on my mobile app and decided to take advantage of it (the deal was "$0 for a guest pass.
it's complimentary.").
I walk in (to an empty gym on a Saturday morning) mention I'm visiting from out of town, and would like to take advantage of the 1 day complimentary pass (it was actually for 3 days).
The girl at the front desk asks the manager about it, and was back in 2 seconds to inform me it would be $15.
I then showed her the yelp deal, she showed it to to the manager, and she came back about 5 seconds later to inform me that I couldn't use the deal if I wasn't living in state and wouldn't be in a position to consider joining the gym.
Look, I understand the whole purpose of these complimentary passes is to try and get people to join the gym and I made it clear I was visiting from out of state (and don't have LA Fitness near where I live).
However, nowhere on the pass did it state any of these restrictions.
STILL, I could have been understanding of the whole thing  if the manager on duty wouldn't have came across like such an a-hole.
I also don't see the harm in letting someone in my position take advantage of a one DAY pass (a multi-day/week, pass I understand).
On top of all this, while I was in town I was able to use a one day pass at 24 Hour Fitness, no questions asked.
I also tried to use a 3-day pass a friend had given me there (there were no restrictions listed), and although I wasn't able to use it at least the manager herself took the time the to talk to me.
She also let me work out for the day, since I was already there.
I appreciated that.

i'm a member of two gyms....la fitness and 24hr fitness.
this gym has everything you need but it's way crowded at peak,,,impossible.
BEST SPIN BIKES EVER...kaiser m3's

Ok, so until I stepped up to the second floor (to use the cardio machines) I didn't really recognize the full coliseum view of the gym.
You can pretty much see everything - except free weights - from up there.
That mat area where you were stretching?
Yep, we can see you.
The Stairmaster where you are giving up a lung?
We can see you.
The spin room all the way across the gym?
We can see you.
Silly me didn't realize the full racquetball courts were visible to everyone EVERYWHERE.
So while I was using the back end of the court to suffer my way through burpees (in what I thought was relative privacy) anyone could have gotten a good chuckle over that one.
So dress nice kids!
(I'm too old to use that term myself, but there do appear to be a number of ASU kids who frequent the gym.
)  My feedback is from a Saturday which I recognize is vastly different from a M-F visit.
I was there around 1ish and I would say the weight machines (arms and chest of course!
) were pretty busy with guys.
I was happy to see a treadmill in the midst of the arm/chest machines.
It's a nice idea to be able to throw in a quick sprint while downstairs instead of having to go upstairs.
The good: tv's are within ready access so there's no need to squint.
There are only two rows of cardio machines so everyone gets a good view, which kind of rocks.
There was only one treadmill out of service.
The LifeFitness machines have seen better days, but are ok.
The treadmills are about average.
Ladies locker room has a lounge in it.
Why you need a room with a tv (with comfy looking arm chairs) is beyond me.
(There is a tv in the main locker room area.
) However, should you find yourself in there, you could stretch as there were yoga mats on the floor, as well as some free weights.
Interesting.
I was impressed to hear that there is both a wet AND dry sauna.
Oh, and a hot Jacuzzi.
Also, a neat little machine to squeeze the water out of your bathing suit.
This is a step above the amenities offered at the gym I've been currently going to.
The only ding I would voice about the locker room is that none of the showers have a nozzle.
It's like being doused by a fire hose.
Plenty of water pressure!
Last, but definitely not least, is that Harold G. is a personal trainer here.
He moved from Highland and 20th.
Folks, if you can get on his calendar, DO IT.
Seriously.
I'm a much fitter (and hell, better looking) person as a result of his training program.
I've dropped *more than* ten dress sizes.
No chump change there.
(see my before | recent photo in my profile).
Also he's pretty space balls amazing about seeing you all the way through.
Even though I don't train in the same gym anymore - he's still there for me.
I really appreciate that.
The bad: there aren't any paper towels provided by the soap (that I saw not a single person use) to clean machines with.
Seems odd.
The kid up front seemed very invested in using his cell phone instead of talking to people.
UPDATE: In general about LA FItness Training.
That stuff works.
I just went in for a fitness eval and measurements seven months out.
Hot damn I'm happy.
http://tinyurl.com/llb3caz

Be prepared because this place feels like a frat.
Personally, I'm not complaining but I know some people don't like that.
The machines are decent but it does get really busy after like 4:30 and there a ton of guys on almost every machine so it does get a little overwhelming.
But for the price I would say it's a pretty good gym.
Carlos who works there is awesome and was very accommodating when I had friends in town that wanted to work out.
He was probably the reason that I join/stayed at that gym.

The sales manager here should be working at a used car dealership.
I told him I want to waive initiation fee and get 30$/month.
he says 40/month is lowest he can go if waiving the initiation fee.
So i leave.
Lo and behold, he sends out a salesman into the parking to yell after me and offer me 35/month.
Well I did join for 35/month as its a good location near my house and a sufficient gym.
But jeez, what sleazy sales tactics

I've been a member of LA Fitness for about 4.5 years and have tried a number of locations across the Phoenix metro area along with a few locations on the East coast when I've traveled.
I'm always surprised by the range of quality of these places.
They range from piss poor to exceptional, largely based on the neighborhood, the number of patrons and how long the facility has been open.
I rate this facility right in the middle for a number of reasons.
I feel that a large number of the reviews are unfairly low due to their experiences with the sales staff, however since I was sold at a different location, I'll keep this review focused on the facility itself.
They keep the locker rooms, floors and equipment pretty clean, which I consider is one of the most important features of a gym.
The range of equipment is good, however it would be nice if there were some additional pieces of equipment, especially for legs.
My largest complaint is how incredibly crowded the gym will get, especially from 5-7pm on weekdays.
The weight area is almost unusable due to the wait in order to use the equipment.
I've learned to come to the gym after 7pm, especially if it is a Monday.
I give the gym a mid-level rating because it truly is a decent gym as long as you find a time to avoid the crowd.

The only reason I go here is because it's cheap... You can't hear or tune to hear the audio on the TV's because you need to have an FM transmitter... REALLY... who carries around FM Transmitters??
Equipment looks outdated as well.
No towel service.

This location is not the best one i have seen.
They only have a few pieces of good cardio equipment and the time limit is 20 min.
so for people that want to do the stairmaster for longer, it sucks.

Stopped in for a visit.
The locker room still smells of dirty feet like it did when I was a member 5 years ago.
Lots of available cardio equipment, several racquetball courts, a spin class room and a yoga room.
Not a bad experience over all, but I prefer the less pretentious workout at the nearby You Fit.

Wish they had wi fi here.

10 points for the free day pass while staying at a nearby hotel.
As a former member of this location, the facilities are always well kept.
There is a good redundancy of most of the equipment/weights.
Peak times definitely have the "meat market" feel but overall a quality gym for the $$$

I mean its a gym.
this one in particular is overly crowded, mostly with stereotypical Scottsdale people - with the women in full hair and makeup and the dudes in bro tanks.
but for a gym - it gets the job done.
don't go between 430-730pm though because you will never get on a machine or the equipment.
i have literally stalked machines before.
i have been a member for the last 3 years - i do a lot of everything things to, but will continue my membership because it is so cheap!
don't get suckered into paying over $30/month though.... don't pay more than $20

I like the layout with the cardio equipment on the second floor overlooking the rest of the gym.
Modern looking and clean gym.
Only downside is this gym can get crowded.
At peak times during the week it's the busiest gym I've set foot in.

Equipment is always clean,  which is a huge plus++++ I'll always see a staff member cleaning.
Usually crowded, parking is pretty tight.
But the staff is great!
Which is probably the only reason hubby and I won't go to a different LA Fitness.

This gym has nice new equipment.
Lots of features that's any gym go-er looks for.

This gym basically has all you need.
I joined it because it was really close to old town, but after taking a tour it offered anything one would need.
They offer memberships for 29.99 a month for a single location or 34.99 a month for national location.
The worst time to go is around 530 PM on a weekday so try to avoid them unless you want to do curls with 5 pound dumbbells.
They offer classes like zumba, yoga and spinning while also having a basketball court and pool.

Desperately need to update their  equipment.
Very outdated no TV's in the equipment it's 2014 out there, time to step it up.
Hard to believe this gym is in Scottsdale.
Afternoon eye candy very weak.
Think I will be going back to Lifetime Fitness, I see now why they are more expensive.
Do what you have to do though.

