As someone who use to go to Great Clips and Regis, I was terrified to go to a high end salon but rumors was wonderful.
Becky does my hair and I love her!
I always get compliments and it is not that expensive.
It is however worth every penny!
I love Rumors and Becky!

Greg is EXCELLENT -- Has been doing hair for over 20 years and it's obvious.
Very detail oriented -- and has the patience of a saint.
HIGHLY Recommend him to anyone wanting a stylist who is skilled -- and truly listens to what you are wanting to have happen with your hair.

Sarah Kesler is the absolute best you can get!
Not only is she extremely talented in everything she does but she actually listens to what you want and does it.
I have been getting my hair cut with her for so long and trust her so much that I have no issue with sitting in the chair and letting her do whatever she wants.
I have never ever left her chair unhappy or even slightly unsatisfied.
I would recommend her to anyone!
Oh and she gives a fantastic scalp massage too!

Two words for you... ASHLEY HASKINS!!
Being a guy who hates change, it was difficult for me to change stylists.
My old guy was inconsistent with both the cut and price.
Finally had to change.
Ashley cuts my hair the exact same way every time and she very fair with the price.
I am thinning and she does a great job keeping my haircut current.
She has an extremely large amount of clients - mostly women getting color and/or extensions (learned that there!
), but plan ahead and she always accommodates you.
She takes a, "Hair Don't" to a "Hair Do!
"  She truly is a find!!

I started going to Greg for my hair color and cut.
He is the "BEST"!!!
I think he is the only person in Arizona, that knows what "lowlights", and "highlights" are.
Greg really is a true artist.
I have sent 3 of my friends, and they all love the results.

Greg is the best!
I've been going to him for over 10 years for highlights, lowlights, haircuts and blowdry.
I have been happy every single time I've gone.
He knows exactly what he is doing and he loves what he does.
I recommend him to everyone!

I love seeing Amanda Bowes at RUmors.
She is great with cut AND color!
I have recommended lots of folks to her and they keep on going back for more.
I used to hop from place to place but I have been with Amanada for over 5 years now.

I've been going to Rumor's Salon for the last few years and have never had a bad experience!
Spesifically, I always go to Amanda B. who is not only professional but extremely personalable.
She makes me feel super comfortable and doesn't make me feel silly when I try to explain what I want out of a cut or color but don't know stylist-speak.
She pays close attention to detail and listens to what I want.
She's even cut my kiddo's hair beautifully which is always a challenge with young, impatient child!
Even when I'm not sure what I want, I trust Amanda and her vision and she ALWAYS delivers!
I highly recommend her to anyone wanting to check out Rumors.
You won't be dissapointed!

I've never had such a consistently positive experience as I have with Rumors Salon.
Amanda Bowes has been cutting and coloring my hair for over almost 3 years now and I love the way my hair looks every time I walk out the door.
She takes so much time with me, listens to what I want and I've come to the point where I just sit in the chair and say, "Do whatever you want!
" because I trust her implicitly.
I highly recommend Rumors Salon and even more so Amanda.

When you head to Rumors, make sure you ask for Becky Lilley!
She's been doing my hair for over a year and it is ALWAYS perfect.
She is professional, fashionable, and as sweet as can be.
She has a lot of education & knowledge, and will be able to make you look incredible.
I have sent many friends and family members to her, and no one is ever disappointed.
Her rates are very reasonable for the high quality product you will receive!

I love love love seeing Amanda B. whenever I need something done with my hair.
I trust her completely with whatever he gut tells her.
She's always on point when it comes to trends in color and different cuts that are hot NOW.
Her training with Bumble & Bumble is awesome because she always knows what product works best for my hair whatever the length or style and cuts that make my hair look sexy and fabulous.
Amanda is also professional, easy to be around, funny and super friendly.
It can be a pain to go get your hair done but it's always a great visit and totally comfortable when I see her.
Oh, and she gives amazing head massages!!
Amanda's the best, and I won't go to anyone but her!

Well...Sarah did it again!
I am almost 8 months pregnant and have been feeling less than attractive.
I went into my appointment the other day feeling kinda hopeless and Sarah totally turned around my attitude.
I, once again, just sat down in her chair and gave her complete reins to do whatever she wanted.
The end result was not only flattering for my face shape but I felt stunning.
I felt stunning and didn't have a lick of makeup on my face.
These days it's hard to feel beautiful in my "natural" state but she made me feel it.
Thanks again Sarah!

I love Greg.
So talented.
I am not a teeny bopper but he gives me a hip hair do, he is amazing.
The salon is very clean and stylish.
The people are very nice wonderful salon.

Becky is amazing...she did my highlights exactly as I wanted them and my haircut was fabulous...the staff was very friendly and welcoming.
Would go there again in the future

All I can say is almighty "Mi Hi"......
When I'm i town visiting and I need to have a quick hair do, I go here.
Mi Hi is fantastic, he knows what he is doing and is passionate as well.
The last time I had the little one with me (she's very good to begin with) and she was able to sit next to me in one of the empty seats and it was so great because she was having a good time just watching me get my hair done and everyone kept commenting on how well behaved she was.
Aside from this, the Salon has drinks, snacks, and everyone is so warm and friendly....
When I'm in town I will surely turn to this place when I need my hair done!

Amanda is great.

Came here on vacation.
Badly needed a haircut and was willing to pay however much for a good cut.
Saw great ratings on Yelp so decided to try.
Met Lela and was comfortable with her sweet smile and her objective assessment of my hair.
I had thought of getting hi lites but she explained that I would not be happy with it since it would be gone the next time I cut my very short hair.
I appreciated her candor!
She did a gorgeous cut and waxed and trimmed my brows beautifully.
I loved her work!
I will definitely come back to this salon and tell all my friends to go when they visit.
The salon itself is neat and clean, no foul odors or things sloppily thrown around.
The stylists are all pleasant.
Go to this salon!
Ou won't be disappointed!

An appointment today with Amanda.
She was awesome.
I'm in from out of town and needed a cut and color.
Both were awesome.
Even better was the fact that she applied my color better than anyone ever has and I've been coloring my hair for 10 years.
There wasn't a drip or any ring around my hairline which is usually there.
Additionally, I was greeted as soon as I arrived and was offered refreshments.
Great customer service.
Would recommend without reservation.

Shannon is BANGIN!
Not only that, Shannon is The Sensei.
She has detangled the natysest dreds, seen spectrums of light the human eye has not, and dreams in the future.
Therefore no matter what you like, or think others like, her version will be absolutely perfect.
This master doesn't go to work, she goes to battle.
She battles against that overgrown rain forest , and its her skill to tame that beast.
She will also make you look like your a millionaire at the Scottsdale clubs even-though you change tires at BIG-O.
She is responsible for why Scottsdale looks so good.

I have been coming to Rumors for several months (following a bad experience at another local salon).
Kendra does my color and cut and she is fantastic.
I always bring photos of new color or styles I would like to try (and we all know how unrealistic it is to ask for a celebrity style as they typically have extensions, etc.).
Kendra nails it each and every time.
She is very patient and prides herself on really listening to her clients to understand exactly what they are looking for.
The only reason that I did not give the salon five stars is beacuse they use thinning shears, which are not good for your hair.
(Thinning really should be done freehand.
)  But, again, my hair always look fabulous when I walk out the door and that is what matters.

Was in town working and needed a quick blowout so I headed over here due to the STELLAR reviews (thanks, Yelp!
) and was quickly handed over to the talented Nicole.
And she was.
And the stars are definitely deserved!
The salon is bright and clean and the people are SO friendly!
Sat down and got an awesome shampoo and conditioning treatment (free - thanks again, Yelp!
) that made my hair smell delicious!
Nicole listened to what I had to say and gave me a great blowout!
My hair was shiny and smooth and just the way I wanted it!
Nicole is also really talkative if you want her to be, or if you stop talking she goes quiet and continues on blowing out your hair.
I love that!
She has this hair thing down!
Also, this place is so affordable you will not believe it.
I got a really great blowout for less than I pay at home, which is outstanding!
I really loved this salon and will definitely be back if I'm ever in town again!

Mihai did an amazing job this afternoon coloring my hair.
He also does excellent scalp and neck massages and is very knowledgeable in hair care and styling techniques.
I would recommend him to anyone looking for a new stylist!

I pay high prices, but never this high for the work done.
I asked for root touch, highlights and trim.
Root touch was ok, cut was ok, where are the highlights?
I have red highlights frame the front of my face and paid for them but did not get them.
I paid no mind until I looked in the mirror and freaked out.
I have 1/2 inch re growth where the red highlights should be.
Called and keep calling to see how we can fix this.
Not worth the drive.
I found a better salon at 1/3 of the price.

I love my hair!
Shannon is great!
She is a real professional from the consultation to the execution of the color, cut, and style.
Thank you, Shannon and Rumors!

I came to Rumors on the reccomendation of my colorist.
* a small backstory: I graduated from beauty school so I am very particular about my hair.
My hair is very thick.
Sothy cuts my hair and he is awesome.
It is so easy for me to dry my hair - it falls right into place.
Rumors is an awesome salon.
Give it a try.
I'm so glad I found Sothy!

Just had my hair high lighted.
I have wild Greek curls and killer cowlicks.
My hair dresser listened to what I wanted and did exactly what I asked.
The salon is clean and the staff is very nice and accommodating!
Will definitely be back!

I have been going to Rumors for 2 years now, and have been getting my hair done by Nicole for over 5 years.
My sister is a hair stylist and had been doing my hair for years when I realized she just wasnt listening to anything I had to say.
All of my girl friends already went to Nicole and I decided it was time to be heard!
Best decision I ever made, and I have never gotten more compliments on how great my hair looks!
I use to work at a swim school which COMPLETELY damaged my hair and in under a year of seeing Nicole my hair had made a complete 360!
It is longer, healthier, smoother, shinier, and thicker!
Nicole will really listen to what your ideas are for your hair, let you know her professional opinion, and meet you in the middle with what is best for your hair type.
At this point I walk in, tell her if I want to be brighter or darker, and that I am her canvas to do what she will!
It is hard to find a stylist that you can trust completely to listen to what you want.
She is very talented and a ton of fun, I could sit and talk with her all day!
Great long Shampoo's and the font desk is always friendly as well.
More than worth my 40 minute drive from Glendale, I'd follow Nicole anywhere!

Mauricio is fabulous!
He is a whizz at color and fantastic haircut.
I will be back many times!

I just saw Brandy for a color and trim.
Luv, Luv her!
My hair is a few inches past my shoulders.
It's hard to find a stylist that is excited to help you keep a longer style.
My color turned out gorgeous, the blowout great, and the shine is fantastic!
Made me love my hair again and restored my confidence to maintain the longer length.
Thanks, Brandy!

Shannon is still amazing!
Love my latest color and highlights.
I am moving and so sad to leave Rumors.
Thanks for great service!

I was in need of a good hair cut and color so I got on Yelp and searched for a salon in the area.
I decided to try this place based off the great reviews!
They were able to get me an appointment that day with no problems.
The receptionist asked what I needed and which stylist I preferred.
I told her I had not been to the salon before so I do not have a preference.
She booked me with Brandy and I am SO thrilled that she did!
Brandy was EXCELLENT!
I showed her a photo of what I wanted and she was really excited to do it.
She executed it perfectly and gave the most amazing massage while she was washing my hair.
She was personable and talkative  when I was yet was quiet and just worked on my hair when I was quiet which was nice.
I will definitely be back!

I've been coming to Shannon G for 3 years, and she has magical !
I've also referred several friends, both guys and girls, and every one of them has become a regular.
Highly recommend Shannon and the salon!!

I went to rumors to get my roots done for my birthday, it was just a touch up.
I hadn't been to the salon before and my stylists name was Cory (or Codee, but she is a brunette girl I think Cory)  Anyway, she used a highlift instead of bleach (my hair is too dark for highlift it turns my hair orange- to compensate for the orange she put a ash (read purple) toner with it.
She then had me sit for an hour (possibly longer) while she took an updo.
when she rinsed my hair she did no rinse out all of my shampoo and when we got to the mirror i look and my roots + about 2 in are purple (she had mixed the highlift much further than just my roots and it over developed).
Instead of owning the mistake she complained that my hair had too much keratin, and was too difficult to comb through or dry.
(rinsing out the excess would have helped)  Anyway I insisted that she tone my hair (she said no it will just rinse out later, after a few washes, i explained again that i was getting my hair done for a party and that purple wasn't the look i was going for.
she did finally tone my hair but still didn't rinse it out very well so my hair was still pretty stiff and difficult to work with (which she insisted was too much keratin (i use aveda products with no keratin and have never had a problem)  She did finally get my hair almost right and (the roots +2 in were not the same color as the rest of my hair but it wasn't purple so that's a win right?
) (oh and because she didn't match it she suggested i get highlights to blend it... why would i pay this girl more to fix a job she couldn't do in the first place?
it was just a root touch up)  Needless to say I will not be coming back, my stylist I normally see is currently trying to make everything blend.

Mihai is the best stylist!!!!
Great with cut color and style!!!
E foarte bun Mai ales dacă ai par gros

I had the SAME experience as Stephanie N. with the same hair dresser!
I think her name was Colee?
She turned my blond hair several tones including purple and orange (NOT a good look).
I was there THREE hours and she burned the heck out of my hair and scalp by bleaching it THREE times!!!!!!
My scalp is red and in pain today (this took place last night).
When I called this morning thankfully the woman on the phone seemed very understanding and said she would have it fixed (by someone else) for free...My guess is she knows that Codee has done this before....
The damage has already been done to my hair, it's brittle and all sorts of messed up so who knows.
I am headed in to see what they can do after work.
(yes, I am now at work with orange and lavender hair).
This is NOT acceptable.
I still tipped her 20% (I felt bad because she tried but clearly has no idea what she is doing) so now I am out $100 dollars, have a burned scalp and HORRIBLE looking, damaged hair.
At this point I want my hair fixed and my money back...I'll update after I have it "fixed" this evening.
UPDATE - After talking to the owner (Julie) and having her go out of her way to make sure things were fixed, I have a whole new appreciation for this place.
She made sure she was there to see my hair and discuss options with me, gave me a bottle of treatment to undo the damage to my hair and paired me with an absolutely awesome stylist (Molly).
She made sure I was 100% happy and really put all her effort in to fixing the damage.
I will be going back to her for sure!
I love love love my hair, too bad I ended up with Colee the first time.
Molly was much more professional and friendly and she now has a new and happy client.
Thanks Julie and Molly for fixing the mess!
I no longer look like a school bus for the holidays!
phew

Shannon has been coloring my hair for 2 years and I absolutely love her!
The first time I went to her my hair had had a bad color job and asked her to fix it, she did a phenomenal job and I have only seen her since!
I love to change my hair colors up often and I've never had a problem when going to her.
She has educated me a lot on how to keep my hair healthy and in the past 2 years my locks have come a long way!
Got to love rumors!!

Julia at Rumors is awesome.
She does a fabulous job on my highlights.
She always does a great job and I love my hair since I've been going to her.
She listens to what I want and makes suggestions which always turns out great.
Thanks Julia!!!

Cole is the best!
She has done my hair for so many years!
She remembers every time how I like to cut my hair.
I am very specific about my bangs and she remembers exactly how I like them cut.
She even remembers which products I like and don't like in my hair.
She always makes me feel beautiful.
She colors, cuts, and does a blow out in about 2 hours.
She is so friendly and such a fun person to chat with.
She always makes time for me even when it's short notice.
This girl is awesome!
Go see her!

Brandy.
Is.
Amazing.
I've never had trust in a stylist.
She nails my color request every time and I leave that place looking amazing.

I have been going to this place for a long time and I always make my appointment with Becky.
If you are looking for a great hair stylist with true talent then you need to make your next appointment with Becky.. You will walk out looking Fabulous!

I like Rumors and I love my stylist Becky.
I've been seeing her for more than a year and I'm always happy with my cut.
She's  talented, fun, and she's also honest.
I have very "difficult" hair, and Becky's realistic about what styles will work with my hair and flatter me.
That's a big help!
Becky works well with thick/curly hair (not every stylist does), has fun ideas for short cuts, and suggests products that work with my budget.
Oh, and she's good at color, too!
Overall, I really like Rumors.
It's very comfortable, prices are reasonable, and the desk staff are all nice.
I haven't had all their services, though I did get a gel manicure that came out great (can't remember the lady's name).
My only complaint, if I have to list one, is the location - it's quite a drive.
But worth it!

I've been seeing Lauren at Rumors for almost two years now and she is AMAZING.
Not only is she a serious hair wizard, she is super friendly and efficient.
She made me super blonde today and my hair looks and feels great!

I experienced Rumors for the first time yesterday.
It's always nerve racking going to a new salon and stylist.
Fortunately, I was paired up with Kaylin.
She was awesome!
I didn't know what I wanted to do with my hair.
My natural color is light brown, but I have highlighted my hair for six years now.
Even though I love highlights, I've been wanting to get away from putting them in my hair.
So, I've tried to go chocolate brown a few times but my hair never holds the color.
After Kaylin and I talked a bit, she recommended the Ombre look.
I've always liked that style but was afraid to it.
Kaylin was great though, she reassured me that it wouldn't be such a dramatic blend.
She sounded like she kept up with new trends and new what she was doing, so I trusted her.
It didn't turn out quite what I wanted at first, which I think was my fault and misunderstood what she said.
The blend began a little too close to the scalp.
Kaylin stayed very patient with me and took the time to create what I wanted, even if it meant spending her whole saturday afternoon with me :).
She put more of my natural color in and blended it further down my head.
It turned out great!
The blend looks very natural.
I'm very happy I was scheduled with Kaylin.
I'm envious of her hair too; long, red, very heathy, beautiful!
I would highly recommend going to see her at Rumors.
I am definitely going back!

Devina is amazing!
I have sent others to her and they always have the same experience!
She is literally the only person in the valley that can get my blonde right!
If you're a blonde, or really any hair type, ask for Devina.

Got my hair done by Lauren again yesterday.
My hair looks perfect, Lauren did an amazing job as always!
I highly recommend her!

Hair model for new stylist Ronnie and I loved it!!
Came in to sit as a style model and had a GREAT experience!
Salon is clean, friendly and it's amazing to see the attention they give to new stylists still 'learning the hair ropes"!
Ronnie did a great job (both on his own and with feedback from the instructor) and I especially love they are an Oribe salon -I think Oribe is a fabulous product and love the way my hair looks and smells!

