My mouth is still watering thinking about this wonderfully delicious place!
MMMMMM.....
I was invited to go to Pane E Vino with a friend who received a gift certificate, and plan on returning many, many times!
=) I order Chicken Marsala, which was by far the best Marsala I have experienced, EVER, and its my favorite Italian dish!
The Chicken was cooked perfectly, with just the right amount of sauce and mushrooms!
My friend ordered the Tortellini Alla Panna (viel tortellini) which at first did not sound appetizing to me, I am just not a huge fan of veil.
After tasting a bite however, I was ready to push my Chicken Marsala aside!
My favorite dish was second to something new!
I can not wait to return to this enchanted place to try something else out of my norm!
I work right down the street, and have never heard of this hidden gem!
Such a cute, quaint, romantic little place!
Big Bonus: Customer service was great, and the owner was there hosting himself!
I love owner operated businesses.

I have been here twice now.
I am still very pleased with the food.
It is absolutely amazing.
There is no other way to describe it.
The only thing I have to say bad about this hidden gem, if you are a first timer, do not sit in the lounge / bar.
The older female bartender / waitress paid very little attention to us and was not all to friendly.
The food mire than made up for the service though.
I recommend the Veal Tortellini.
You can't go wrong with it.

This place is awesome.
I actually haven't even had an entrée...just their  Creme Brûlée, a couple appetizers (Calamari Fritti & Capesante e Gamberi Alla Senape), and a couple select reds.
The Creme Brûlée has a layer of chocolate on the bottom which I would consider the best I've ever had (and this is something my wife gets every time she goes to a restaurant).
I'll probably edit this to 5 stars when I try their entrées since everything else has been so good!

We've come here a few times over the past several years and have found the food to be very good and the wait staff equally attentive.
Owner tends to hover, so you know there is a watchful eye in the house.
As others have mentioned, the burnt cream as I call Creme Brulee is great!
We've enjoyed most items on the menu, but really enjoyed their Chicken dishes.
I myself really enjoy the carpaccio (raw beef) which was very tasty and fresh.
And, prices tend to be on the very high side, given the near Troon location  Enjoy!

A good friend of mine recommended this place.
He said it was one of the best restaurants he's been to....since he's never steered me wrong, we decided to make the drive up to Pinnacle Peak to give it a try.
I'm glad we did...
It was mid-week and when we arrived, it was very slow.
We were seated in the dining room and there were only 2 other tables there.
We were beginning to wonder if we had the right place.
After browsing the menu, we decided to order:  Caprese (Fresh Tomato & Mozzarella Appetizer) $10.50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ss3Fb0UCBkOZtq7D4c4Q_A?select=hD15mxhKV-yWyU9iyYSFjg  Carpaccio di Manzo (Arugula, Shaved Parmigiano Reggiano, Balsamic Vingarette) $11.95 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ss3Fb0UCBkOZtq7D4c4Q_A?select=BOaF8AVIQFJzYGdNXfqaVw  Gnocchi Ponte Vecchio (Potato Dumplings, Roasted Red Pepper Cream Sauce) $15.50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ss3Fb0UCBkOZtq7D4c4Q_A?select=A0_HsEQNDFSbZinp4yoqkQ  Ravioli di Zucca (Butternut Squash Ravioli, Walnut Gorgonzola Cream Sauce) $17.50 http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ss3Fb0UCBkOZtq7D4c4Q_A?select=3OI-0dzP0xwu1KNDKg7uEg  And for dessert....  Tiramisu http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ss3Fb0UCBkOZtq7D4c4Q_A?select=AaXI7XufOAU0KVaXVoR7_g  The Gnocchi was amazing and the Carpaccio was awesome.
The Butternut Squash Ravioli was perfectly flavored and the sweet taste of the Squash went well with the sharp taste of the Gorgonzola Cream Sauce.
Overall, it was a great meal.
What a hidden gem!
I hope they get more business so they don't close down.
Return Factor - 100%

Fettucini alfredo is unbeleivable, great service.
Can be hard to find its tucked away in the back , Some of the best italian in scottsdale

We found out about this place because we bought a restaurant.com gift certificate, but I also read about the creme brulee with the layer of chocolate on the bottom, which intrigued me.
My boyfriend and I were celebrating his birthday tonight, and we had the arugala salad, shrimp scampi, prima vera rissotto, veal tortilini, tiramisu, and the creme brulee.
They were all wonderful!
But I'm a dessert person so I definitely give the tiramisu and creme brulee two thumbs up!
I have to say though, that what gives this cozy gem of a restaurant a solid five stars, is the owner.
He was one of the most kind, generous, and passionate restaurant owners I've ever encountered.
He was the one who sat us at our booth, opened my napkin for me, offered to take our picture, and the most astonishing and surprising thing of all... was at the end of the night; I had forgotten my credit card at home, so my boyfriend was going to go home (30 minutes away), while I waited there.
I was absolutely embarrassed that we had no way to pay, and when my boyfriend was explaining the situation, the owner said absolutely NOT and that we could call him with our card number once we got home or the next day.
He asked for no collateral and was very very kind about the whole situation.
I have not seen that kind of trusting demeanor in such a long time, and it made me HAVE to write my very first review on yelp because of this.
Our server was quite attentive and kind also, but the owner definitely understands the value of a customer's happiness, which can be lost in an economy like this.
I am very happy with Pane e Vino, and I'm sure that all of you fellow yelpers will have a lovely experience there as well.
The food is above average, and the service is outstanding.

We went for happy hour and were delighted!
Elegant, adult, atmosphere.
Warm and attentive service,  The pizzas were very good,  The dough and ingredients were fresh and flavorful.
We shared a mista salad, which was good,  We are eager to return,

Wow.... Amazing food.
$9 vodka tonics are a little steep though....

I haven't been to this cute place in years and was hoping but not expecting it to be as good as it has in the past, but it was!
It's cozy and cute.
The place was not even vaguely busy, but it is high Summer so it didn't deter me.
We had the pork shank appetizer that literally fell of the bone and it was superb.
I had the fresh Basa Fish Almodnine...delicious and my friend had the butternut squash ravioli.
All was sooo good I couldn't stop eating.

Simply the best Italian restaurant in North Scottsdale.
The menu and food is great and the wait staff is professional.
My wife and I dine here almost every week.
Every thing on the menu is excellent, but try the sea food stew.
a half order is plenty and will amaze you.
pastas are also great.

After reading reviews here, my friends and I chose this place to go for my birthday dinner.
Fabulous!
The server was very kind and very attentive.
We had plenty of time to review the drink menu before we were even given the dinner menu, so nice!
The owner came by and checked on us, he was very kind and affable.
And the food was delicious.
I had the eggplant parm and it was the best eggplant I've had.
Very well prepared.
I also had a bite of my friend's butternut squash ravioli, and can I just say, YUM!
We also started with salads which were excellent.
Overall a great experience and I will be going again!

Exquisite spaghetti carbonara and attentive service.
Good happy hour and live entertainment.
The dining room is a bit on the dark side however it gives it a cozy atmosphere.
The only thing I did not care for was paying 10.95 for a caesar salad...I really thought that was a bit on the high side.
On a high note, Stuart is one of the most charming, warm and attentive hosts I know.
Pane e Vino is lucky to have him as a GM.

I'm not a fan.
My family and I ate here a few months back.
The atmosphere is upscale in a nice outdoor mall area.
The problem was the simple marinara sauce.
It just was goopy with too much paste.
My second course was good (veal parmigian).
With so many good Italian restaurants in the Scottsdale area, I wouldn't come back here.
The other problem was the waiter who cracked a joke every 5 minutes (this means about 12 jokes) that might have been funny in the 50s but it got old trying to enjoy our meal without his running commentary.
I literally thought someone should have run around with him for a drum roll every time he opened his mouth.

Right next to my house which is just a bonus because I love this place!
On their bar menu they have this garlic butter shrimp app that is to die for- I always get bread to soak up the extra sauce!
Everything I have had so far has been great!
But something that stood out to me was their spaghetti bolognese- nothing something I usually get when I'm at an Italian place because I feel there are so many better options and I can't make it myself at home- but I was with my dad and he likes to keep things simple.
I'm so glad he ordered it!
It was amazing!
I think there is cinnamon in the sauce or something that adds a whole new flavor and I crave it all the time now!
It's also the best tiramisu I have ever had!
Only thing is I wish they would carry a moscato so I could have some dessert wine with my dessert!
I will just have to stick with a glass of champagne I guess!
As for service, I haven't had a bad experience!
It's usually the same people and I don't see a lot of turnover so the staff really knows their stuff.
The owners Gillian and Stuart are usually there and make you feel at home!
Whenever people as for good Italian I recommend this place!

Went to dinner here based on the good reviews.
It's really disappointing that for an Italian restaurant with upscale prices to not even make their own pasta.
We had the chicken parm- soggy, super salty blegh!
And also a shrimp pasta..also salty salty salty!
I didn't know they were catering to goats?
Or maybe the clientele here is so over the hill that their taste buds have gone?
It was sub par food at best-3 entrees one cocktail, one app, over $100!!!
Garlic Olive oil  brought out in cheesy metal ketchup containers, old outdated silverware and china, outdated and sad decor.
No thanks!!!
I would not recommend it at all.

When I lived in Scottsdale this was one of my favorite restaurants Stewart the Manager / Owner is a great guy and always recognized us and took care of us.
I like the booths and highly recommend the Chopino or the Oxtail.
The escargot is also fantastic as well.
The bread comes out with hot garlic oil - yum.

Amazing Italian food.
Veal parmigiana is one of my all time favorite dishes, and theirs is top notch.
The desserts are great, they have a good wine selection and phenomenal service.
The price is a bit on the higher side, but well worth it.

SO good.
Wish this place was closer to our home, we'd be there once a week.

We had the most wonderful dinner with the most wonderful service!
We started with the Calamari, which was lightly breaded to perfection, split a Cesar salad (yummy dressing).
For main courses, I had the Spaghetti Alla Roberto.... shrimp & scallop pasta,,, to die for!
And my husband had the Penne Alla Javis, that he says was amazing!
Doug, our server, was top notch, so pleasant, making wonderful recommendations for wine and dessert,, we had to go with the spumoni (a fave of mine) which was the perfect end to a delicious meal!
If we lived here, we'd be going here on a regular basis!
Thanks for making us feel so special tonight!

Attended a birthday dinner last week at this place.
Owner was very attentive to making sure everyone was satisfied.
Our waiter was just as attentive.
Meals were great and full of flavor.
Very good Italian food for a place in Arizona where good Italian is hard to come by.
Definitely would recommend trying this restaurant out!

The food is very good.
Nice selection.
Quickly prepared.
The servers are very attentive as is the host.
However, server and host can be over the top with their friendlieness and trying to engage in conversations with you.
Servers tend to "not know" the price of the specials and push too hard to get you to order extras, e.g., drinks, desserts, appetizers, salads.
We have had two bad surprises when getting the check as things cost much more than we were led to believe.
The attitude in the restaurant is first class luxury and if you are worried about the cost, then maybe this is not the place to go.
Nice to see all the customers dressing up to go out for dinner.
Comfortable atmosphere,

General overview.... this place is OKAY.
I feel like I could get the same food quality for a little cheaper at a different location, but the service is decent and everyone has that overly-friendly Italian personality.
GETTING HERE.
This is kind of in a random location and my phone had a hard time finding it.
This is a good place for dinner if you are interested in grabbing a bite after golfing in the area or if youre staying at a hotel nearby, but when they say its in Scottsdale... its in Scottsdale,but not near anything else.
lol  WINE.
So they do have a great wine list and my favorite thing about ordering wine with dinner... is when the servers know what its best paired with!
They do change their wine menu pretty consistently and offer specials on house wines too, so wine is a good choice here.
FOOD.
I will admit, the Insalata Caprese appetizer was very good and fresh.... and I dont even like basil.
I did feel that 14 dollars was a little steep for such a little serving, but hey.
thats fine dining for you isnt it?
Whatever you do...
Try the scallops.
The dish was called Spaghetti Alla Roberto.
That was by far the best thing I've had here.
It comes with shrimp, mushrooms and a wine sauce.
The scallops were perfectly tender and just melted in your mouth.
I was never the biggest fan of scallops, but I am now.
SERVERS.
They did drive me a little nuts after the 9th time coming by asking if i wanted another glass of wine when I had clearly stated that I was going to stick with water for the rest of the dinner.
I appreciate the service, but if someone says theyre done.
I think you should just trust their judgement and not try to upsell.
Also, If i say I dont want dessert, please stop trying to push it!
I was stuffed beyond belief, I didnt want anything else, the last thing I need is someone trying to force a menu down my throat and saying things like "youre gonna regret it" as he clears our table.
Just....stop that.
I might be back, but its probably just going to be for appetizers at the bar/lounge area, and only if I'm in the area.

