Cox is pitiful.
After the 3rd receiver broke and I went back down to get another one they actually blamed it's failure on me.
I think their equipment is absolute garbage and they will not give you a new unit but only beat up, used, refurbished crap that breaks.
Also, the user interface for the box is slow and always freezes.
Try Dish Network or DirecTV.
P.S.
You should see what the installation guy did to my house!
I had to have them send another guy to come and fix the walls and redo all of the wiring lol.
Good luck!

My wife and I recently moved from Cave Creek to East Scottsdale near Fountain Hills and were excited to get the Hi Speed Internet offered by Cox because this was not available in Cave Creek.
Unforturnatly, they have failed to show for three scheduled appointments!
The first to hook up our fax line and the others to fix our NON Hi Speed Internet.
Whats more important to note is that we did not recieve a courtesy call to inform us they wouldnt make it.
Moreover, on two occasions I spent at least a half hour trying to troubleshoot the issue before they would set up the appointments they missed.
On March 9th, 2010 I recieved a letter from them explaining that they were raising my download speed by 33% and my upload speed by 160% which consequently resulted a rate hike from $49 to $64.00.
I havent even recieved the Hi Speed Internet and fax line Ive been paying for since December so 2 Stars for these guys until they get it right.
This location is a main service center for Cox Customers located in Scottsdale where you can actually walk in an talk to a representative which has been the only positive part of this experience as the CS Reps seem to be courteous and professional both on the phone and in person.

Rarely do I give a 1 star rating but after four attempts in four months to get my fax line and internet rolling I can honestly say they have earned this.
After finally showing up for a scheduled appointment the tech told us our internet was fine but we disagree because we are getting the same speed we had with Qwest in Cave Creek (SLOW)  and they are charging us $64 a month for what they call the upgraded 20mbs.
Furthermore, I tried to send out a couple faxes after he left and the line is not responding.
Im going to drive down to the store tomorrow and demand that they remove the fees for service I have not received and just get efax.
As I noted in the first review we were excited to upgrade to faster internet so that makes this experience even worse.

I felt like I had walked into the first level of hell when I walked through the double glass doors into the Cox Digital Store to return my cable boxes.
When I walked in (carrying no less than THREE boxes, with THREE remotes perched precariously on top and wires dangling down past my ankles), there were three ladies sitting behind desks.
Two had customers, one was filing her nails.
There were four people ahead of me.
One lady looked up and barked at me to take a seat and grab a number (very DMV-esque).
Looking around for a place to set down my heavy burden, no seats were available.
One guy (a true gentleman) jumped up, grabbed the boxes from me, chivalrously gave me his seat, and then snagged an extra chair from the desk of the lady who was filing her nails (she didn't even look up).
After sitting for about 5 minutes, one of the customers currently being helped finished up and left.
The lady helping him got up from her desk and went to the back.
The other lady with no customers also got up and began boxing up cable boxes (mind you, STILL five people waiting).
The third lady finished with her customer, and (thankfully) called the next number.
That customer must have had a doozie of a cable issue, because when lady number two came back to her desk, and was about to call the next number, lady number one called her over to the desk to help sort out her customer's problem.
Lady #3 went to the back.
Meanwhile, more customers began trickling in.
FINALLY, they managed to get through the line of customers ahead of me, and it was my turn (30 minutes later).
I walked up with my cable boxes (none of which she offered to help me with), and when I told her I needed to return them because my service had been canceled, she just looked at me and said "you know you could have just mailed those in, right?".
Um, NO!
No one told me that!
Would've been helpful, especially since this particular cable hell is located so far north in Scottsdale, I felt like I truly was leaving the city to go on a pilgrimage (similar to Dante's).
At any rate, the rating they receive is strictly based on the service received (or not received) during that horrendous 45 minute experience.

Cox Digital Solutions Store is located in the Cox distribution center, next to the local Post Office on Williams.
We were considering upgrading our modem and WiFi setup and they made it so easy for us.
We were greeted when we came in and explained our needs to the Cox representative and we were out the door within thirty minutes.
Pretty simple and easy.
WOW!

A year ago I was decidedly *not* a fan of Cox: I own a TiVo and it was a horrible process to get digital cable service setup for the unit.
You need a thing called a cablecard, which is a metal credit card-sized device that inserts inside the unit, and another thing called a tuning adapter so that you get all of the channels in the digital lineup.
However, I upgraded to a TiVo Premiere recently.
PAINLESS to pull the card out of the old TiVo, move the tuning adapter - 20 minutes on the phone with Cox and a restart of the TiVo later it was all GOOD.
:)  So what to do with the old TiVo?
Oh yeah, TV in the bedroom.
I tried antenna but the selection is horrible unless you're a jesus-nut...
I live just west of Paradise Valley so over the air signals from the mountain south of the airport are somewhat blocked.
This morning I visited the Cox store and was in and out within five minutes.
I had a cablecard, a tuning adapter and a splitter - and they threw in a re-usable grocery bag.
The call for setup took ten minutes.
This was my second visit to the Cox store in the last couple of months.
The other one in June was to return the Cox-branded "Scientific Atlanta/Cisco" boxes that they'd provided "free" for a year with my initial subscription.
Absolutely painless to hand them back in.
Like I said, a year ago I had an absolute hate-on for Cox but my opinion has changed completely.
They only get four stars because the programming is SO expensive and they fill my mailbox with too much junk mail.

Hi, I'm the largest cable company in Arizona so I'm going to put my location to drop off cable boxes just south of BFE!!!!
When we arrived, there were two employees at the counter helping two separate customers.
Instead of greeting us with a pleasant, "hi" "hello" or "welcome to Cox" we got a "please sign in so we know who to call next".
Well, let me say that we were the only other customers in the store so really, was that greeting necessary?
Do you suffer from dementia and won't be able to remember who came in first if ONE other customer walked through that door?
Well, apparently, they do because someone else did walk through that door and they had the same greeting.
When one of the employees at the counter opened up we started walking towards (like anyone would do, right?
We were next), but the lady went to the sign in sheet to call whose next, lol!
Really?
Best part, she called two other names which were the customers already being helped!
Come on!
Anyhoo, when we did get up to the line, she was nice and didn't take too long to help with our issue.
But I just couldn't get over that greeting...first impressions people!!!

Wow, I must have gotten lucky, maybe because it was Mother's Day weekend, but I only have good things to say about the service I received from Heidi.
The moment I walked in the door, she greeted me and my family and asked how she could help me...right off the bat!
I did see the sign-in sheet, but I wasn't asked to fill out the information since there was no wait.
Heidi was super pleasant and polite the entire time she worked with us, filling out some forms, etc.
When we were getting ready to leave, she said "Wait, just one more thing..."  and she proceeded to hand my mother and myself 2 beautiful pink carnations and wished us Happy Mother's Day!
I just had to write this review to show that there is hope for this place :)

I went after work tonight and was prepared for a long wait.
I was the only customer at 5:20 pm.
Immediately acknowledged by Heidi.
Switched out old cable box for two new HD ones.
Heidi was super nice and efficient.
Was put of there in 5 minutes!

Now on FLW next to Petsmart.
Don't go to the old Williams location.
Store is pretty nice, well organized.
Lots of service counters.
Folks are friendly and helpful.

My Internet speed is running slow, so I stopped by this new location to check it out and see maybe I can upgrade my plan if the price is reasonable.
Talked with Xaiver, he didn't try to sell me anything and he listened to the problems I have.
So closed on leaving Cox and go with some other companies.
Walked out a happier customer.
Checked out the new store.
Bigger, brighter, and more counters and samples for you to see what you can get for the prices.
They partnered up with Verizon Wireless too.

Worst cable company on earth.
Not only are the rates ridiculous they made me drive in to get a cable box to replace the faulty box I had..
But the "new" box they gave me also didn't work.
Their service is a joke.
We need more options for cable providers.

Cox mailed a new cable box, and we were supposed to send the old one back with the carrier.
However, carrier left it at the door without ringing or knocking, so i tried to take the old box back to this location at about 1:30. .
At least 6 people waiting, with 3 employees on hand already helping customers.
One employee disappeared during my 20 minute wait, and as another 6 people came in one of the two remaining staff advised them that it would be 15-30 minutes.
I left.
This place needs to hire some more people, and they need to open earlier.
Staff was nice, but they are overwhelmed.
OK, I returned today and found more people working the floor.
My wait was only about 5 minutes.
Maybe less, and the person who waited on my was fast, friendly and efficient.
There were still plenty of customers in need of assistance, but because of the increased staff they were being helped in a reasonable amount of time.
I am moving my one star rating to a three star rating.
They still need to show that they have enough staff on a continuous basis.

