Small boutique hotel.
Get a taste of the real west.
The rooms have a rustic feel.
Rates are more reasonable then the spa/resorts nearby.

We booked the Hermosa Hideaway package with a King bed for New Year's Eve 2007.
Our troubles began upon check in.
We checked in and were shown to our room and were immediately surprised and upset to find a Queen sized bed and no fireplace.
A week prior to our stay, we specifically emailed the hotel to inquire about fireplaces.
We received a timely response ensuring us that ALL rooms at The Hermosa Inn had fireplaces.
We immediately voiced our concerns to the front desk, and we were given the option of changing to what we believe is a "Rancho" room.
This one did have a King bed and fireplace, but we had to move our belongings ourselves across the property.
The second room was better, but it was annoying and inconvenient to change rooms at a hotel when paying $400+ a night.
It should have been correct the first time.
Furthermore, someone at this hotel is incompetent if they are informing guests that all rooms have fireplaces when that is clearly not the case.
Two other small details that were unacceptable given the price: the remote control for the main room's TV in the initial room did not work.
Secondly, the chocolate strawberries that we were presented were pretty nonchalantly thrown on a plate.
Again, not that big of a deal, but for the price, the presentation should have been exemplary.
We settled into our new room and enjoyed our champagne.
Around 6:00pm we both became hungry, and we inquired as to what options were available.
We asked about room service and/or appetizers in the bar.
We were informed that no such food was available; because it was New Year's Eve, there was not room service and the dining room was only fixing the fixed menu meal.
We understand that New Year's Eve is a holiday, but such a holiday should not incapacitate and overwhelm the kitchen to the point that no other food is available.
What if we hadn't planned on eating in the restaurant that night?
It's not like it is mandatory for guests to dine at Lon's.
It was 6:00pm and we had 9:30pm dinner reservations since that is all that was available.
We were hungry and had been drinking champagne, so leaving the property was not an option.
No one thought to offer us even bread, which was clearly available since it was served at dinner.
We then called back a second time to find out if the restaurant might be able to figure something out if we were sitting in the bar, and the person on the phone was very rude and hurried and said that if we came to the bar that "someone might be able to figure something out for you" but they were very "busy" at the moment.
This is really atrocious at a hotel that calls itself "a luxury boutique.
" When we returned from dinner we had not gotten turn down service (it is the principle of this fact that bugs us).
No one had removed the leaky champagne bucket either.
Our poor stay wrapped up in the morning when we went to check out and perhaps get breakfast.
There was one guest complaining about something when we arrived in the lobby, so the person at the front desk left to try to find the maintenance person and help that guest.
The front desk then stayed unattended for 10 minutes (while the phone rang off the hook and others of us waited patiently).
The maintenance person finally appeared and proceeded to get into a "discussion" with the person at the front desk while we were checking out - this totally interrupted us paying our HUGE bill and was unprofessional to say the least.
We couldn't believe that the front desk person and maintenance person would carry on that unprofessionally and tactlessly while guests waited in the lobby.
Before we left, we asked if breakfast was available (which had been advertised and promoted in our package), and we were informed that "if you go in there right now they will probably still be able to help you.
" We were miffed that we "might" get helped for breakfast at 10:00am when it was supposedly included in our package.
Overall, the main issue with The Hermosa Inn (and Lon's) is that it is way overpriced for the service offered.
Our bill wasn't even adjusted for the cheaper room we ultimately stayed in.
We spent more at The Hermosa Inn in less than 24 hours than we spent in 2 nights at a luxury hotel on Vancouver Island with all 3 meals included.
The service there was amazing, impeccable and attentive and set the standard for what luxury means.
Luxury does not mean telling guests that all rooms have fireplaces when they do not.
Luxury does not mean telling guests that no food is available until dinner at 9:30pm.
Luxury does not mean leaving the front desk unattended.
Luxury certainly does not mean maintenance people and front desk people arguing in front of guests, and luxury does not mean telling guests that breakfast "might" be available if they hurry.
A traveler has not had a good experience at your property if they wished they would have just stayed home for the night.
The property is quaint and pretty, though, so it has much potential.

Stayed one night at Hermosa Inn about 10 days after the reopening.
Apparently most rooms underwent a big time remodel and ours was one of them.
Our room had about a 20 foot ceiling with skylights, a patio which opened out to a semi-private hot tub, and a gas fireplace.
I'd say it was around 750 sq.
ft. and I only say because that is the size of my old condo, and it seemed roughly the same.
The bathroom the size of most bedrooms with a seperate room for the toilet, huge soaking bathroom, double sinks, and HUGE shower with dual showerheads.
The grounds are gorgeous and very well manicured.
This property is lush with lots of trees and grass, and is a beautiful respite from the desert surrounding it.
Service is very friendly and they have a certain casual attitude that is perfectly accommodating.
It's a quiet, peaceful hotel that we really enjoyed.
The beds are unbelievablely soft and comfy here too.
This is a perfect hotel I think for someone who will be visiting the area and has a lot of activities planned for their visit.
They are not full service (no spa, no rec department) but they are a gorgeous property.

This is the kind of place you go to be left alone... We love that you can walk to "Lon's" from your room.
Beautiful grounds tucked away in a Paradise Valley neighborhood with close up view of Camelback Mountain.
The History of the place and artist Alonzo Megargee is also interesting.
Very laid back atmosphere... Don't expect full services or a ton of attention.
If I was going to suggest only one place for someone to experience an "Arizona" overnight, it would be The Hermosa Inn with Lon's for dinner.

Perfect getaway with your spouse.
Great location for quickly getting to many area attractions (list below) and the property is top shelf.
Love the small size but access to cozy bar at Lon's, great restaurant, pool, allows Hermosa to compete with larger hotels.
Beehive fireplace in the room and we had patio doors open to sunny, grassy patio (room 117).
Perfect for relaxing after your day drinking excursions.
Use Hermosa Inn as your base of operation for hiking (Squaw Peak and Camelback are less than 10 minutes away), day drinking (Postino has fantastic happy hour starting at noon), and dining (Postino, La Orange, Chelsea Kitchen, St Francis, The Vig, and many more).

Wow, I don't even know where to begin with this one.
I have stayed in many different kinds of hotels, both good and bad, in many locations but I have to say that truly my stay at the Hermosa Inn was one of the best I've ever had from start to finish.
First of all, my husband and I booked the hotel on Hotwire which is always a gamble because you don't know where you're going to stay, just the star rating, location and price.
We got an absolutely slamming deal for this hotel but it is still definitely worth the advertised price.
Even upon pulling up to the Inn, my husband and I knew we were in for a treat.
Beautiful landscaping in a quiet area.
Check-in was very personal, with the very friendly gentlemen walking us to our casita and telling us a bit about the hotel.
We were even more excited when we got to our room and saw how comfortable we were going to be for our stay: a California king bed with an actual wooden frame, big squishy pillows, a huge bathroom with walk-in shower, and a private patio about 10 feet from a hot tub.
The pool was just a short walk away and we swam both nights we were there.
We loved the accomodations and I cannot say enough good things about them.
There is a restaurant in the hotel that we wanted to try but didn't get a chance to since we were in town only a few short nights.
It did seem a little pricey, but also very upscale and appropriate for the hotel.
If we were to return we would definitely give it a try, especially because the patio setting for it looked so beautiful.
Overall, I think it's obvious that I loved loved loved the Hermosa Inn.
I HIGHLY recommend staying here, either for a visit or even an overnight staycation if you live in the area.
It is worth every penny and you won't want to go home!

Everything here is top-notch, provided you're looking for a quiet getaway.
I was only here for a couple of days and I think I might have gone stir crazy on a longer stay.
The inn is in the middle of a residential neighborhood (full of awesome flat-roof, wide-overhang desert houses; I made immediate plans to retire to this area) and there is really nothing in walking distance for a tourist.
If you were to stay here for more than a couple of days, you would definitely need a car.
The only thing of any note is the nearby Arizona Canal, which you can walk to pretty easily from the hotel, though why you would I don't know since it's basically a shallow muddy creek.
But for one night of peace, it's great.
I stayed in a casita (skip the ranchos and go for one of the casita selections) and it was very comfortable.
High ceilings, supremely comfortable bed with an iron canopy, fireplace (which I did not use in September, but it lends atmosphere) and two leather armchairs.
There's a small patio out back with a table and chairs.
The bathroom is good-sized with an enormous shower (no tub) and plenty of counter space.
The only awkward part of the layout was the WC--you practically have to stand on the toilet to shut the door.
The pool area is nice-sized for a place with only 30-some rooms, with enough lounges for everyone.
There are even some under a cabana for no extra charge.
There are a couple of Jacuzzis placed in the middle of the casita groupings as well.
The grounds are lovely, filled with desert blooms with mountains providing a backdrop.
From the front of the property, there's a dramatic view of Camelback Mountain (you're basically looking up the camel's nose, but there it is).
Lon's Restaurant and The Last Drop Bar (see separate reviews) make up the dining and social scene.
They're great, but Lon's is the only choice on property for food so even it would get old quickly on a long stay.
Service throughout was smooth and gracious.
It took a while to get a cab to the inn to go back to the airport, so again, you'd need a car if you plan to do much at all.

Slow service at Lons tonight.
Great atmosphere.

There was something truly magical about the establish grounds and the amazing landscaping.
We enjoyed the singing of many different types of birds all day long.
The Inn has historical significance as it was the home of an artist named Alonzo (Lon) Macgargee.
His works are displayed throughout.
We stayed in on of the Grand Casitas.
It was very comfortable and spacious.
We had two patios to enjoy which worked well for us.
We were also staying with a ten month old child and they were accomodating in providing a pack and play for her to sleep in.
The Inn is very close to the Phoenix Canal and we enjoyed a stroll along the canal one morning.
The help was friendly and I enjoyed interacting with them.
I'm only giving three stars today because there were some obvious mis steps.
Our room didn't have some of the basics one would in expect in a room such as a Portfolio with ammenities or room service menu, and a do not disturb sign.
We had luscious robes the first night and the second day they ran out.
The third night we had to call and request them as they weren't provided for a second night in a row.
The restaurant at the Inn is rated four stars and we expected the room service from there to be outstanding.
It was unforgettable .
as in I will never forget how terrible it was.
Everything was cold and soggy.
Truly amazing since we were so close to the restaurant we were able to enjoy the live music they provided for the lunch and dinner crowd.
While this isn't a review of the restaurant -- I'll do that separately -- I do feel compelled to mention that three out of the four hostesses we encountered were very curt and rude to us.
A shock as everyone else was so warm and  genuine.
I trutly think the Hermosa Inn has the ability to be a Gem in Paradise Valley.
The grounds are spectacular, the rooms did not disappoint.
If they could just get the service bit of the business down .
I imagine it will be difficult to get a reservation.

I stayed at the Hermosa Inn a few weeks ago as part of a long weekend getaway with my bf, and it was such a GREAT experience!
The grounds are absolutely beautiful, the onsite restaurant, (Lon's - separate review), is fantastic and the service was absolutely impeccable.
We stayed at the Hermosa through a Jetsetter deal and we were very pleased.
We stayed in one of the rancho rooms and it was very nice.
The bathroom could stand to be updated, but the king size bed, Kuerig coffee machine and gas fireplace were all lovely.
Every night for turn-down service there was a little house-made chocolate on your night stand (the mint truffle was fantastic!).
The front desk staff was also very helpful when we needed anything.
There is a little breakfast every morning with fresh fruits and pastries in the lobby and the chef usually puts out a mid morning snack of some sort.
The hotel was also the former home of a local artist and his work is featured throughout the property.
The only downside, I think, is that it is in a residential neighborhood, so there isn't much to do around the hotel.
BUT the pool is great (and hanging out in the jacuzzi at night is really nice) and the poolside service makes it totally unnecessary to even leave the hotel!
Overall, we had a great time at the Hermosa and will be back on our next Arizona vacation!

I did not stay here but I ate here for a Media Breakfast I attended with a professional society that I belong too.
I won't comment too much because I know Hermosa Inn is indeed a hotel first, but the banquet patio seating they gave us was simply outstanding.
It was a very gorgeous (and space heater supplied) space with a large center fountain and cafe style table and chairs complete with firepits and lounge seating spread out too.
I absolutely loved the flower beds and large stretching trees planting about.
It was such a sight to see early in the morning.
The buffet style breakfast they servied was impressive too.
A large sampling of pastries, mini jams, muffins, yogurt, eggs, potatoes, bacon and sausage.
I mean, we paid $15 each for it and it was well worth it.
Would go back here for a Sunday morning breakfast before a hike or something.
It was just so cute and quaint!

My husband and I got married at the Hermosa Inn in May, and we couldn't have been happier with our experience there.
From the service to the grounds, everything was incredible.
We only had about 20 guests, and everyone stayed at the Hermosa Inn, making for a really intimate experience.
We wanted a venue that felt true to the old west, and one that wasn't cookie cutter--and the Hermosa Inn delivered.
Here's what's what:  Grounds: Very lush and colorful, while still having a very distinct desert vibe.
Lots of saguaros and other cacti.
Impeccably maintained.
It made the perfect backdrop for our photos.
Ceremony venue: We got married in the library.
Beautiful, with rich, dark wood.
Distinct old west vibe, but not in a cheesy way--it felt old west elegant.
We only had 20 people, but that room could seat more, maybe 30 or 40, for a ceremony.
Cocktail hour venue: We did cocktails on the library and boardroom patio.
It's a nice space that's in an L shape.
It has a cute little fireplace (though in May, it was too warm for a fire) and a nice fountain.
Perfect size for 20 people.
I don't think it could comfortably accommodate more than that.
Reception venue: We used the boardroom for our reception.
The table in there is gorgeous--rich, dark wood.
It seats 18 or 20 comfortably.
It was right off the patio where we had cocktails, which made for a seamless experience for our guests.
There's a cute fireplace in the corner.
Food: Incredible!
You know how so many couples say crazy things like "Ugh, we were too busy that night to eat" or "we didn't even get to enjoy our dinner at our wedding?
" Uh, no.
Just no.
The food at the Hermosa Inn/Lon's is so good that any bride and groom would be insane to skip out on it.
The passed apps we had during cocktail hour were great.
For dinner, we started out with the salad with goat cheese, candied walnuts and raspberry dressing, which was nice and light.
For dinner, you have quite a few options--filet, filet and shrimp, chicken, veal, etc.--that you'll need to narrow down to two choices in advance.
We chose to give our guests a choice between the filet and shrimp and the chicken.
I can't speak for the chicken, but the filet and shrimp were delish.
I'm hungry just thinking about it now.
We had a side of the basil mashed potatoes, which were incredible.
Lon's also made the cake, which was great.
Service: Fantastic!
Jackie helped us put the entire day together.
She talked us through the venues, arranged our tasting, and made sure everything happened on time and exactly as we expected.
She was awesome.
Our banquet captain was really great, too.
He was attentive without being overbearing, and he made sure the entire reception was seamless.
Plus, all the other staff we interacted with throughout the entire weekend were fantastic, too.
All of our guests had great feedback about the Hermosa Inn's service.
Rooms: My husband and I stayed in a deluxe casita, which was gorgeous.
Light, bright and airy.
Beautifully renovated bathrooms.
Our patio opened up to a semi-private jacuzzi.
Some of our other guests stayed in the smaller rancho rooms.
They're okay.
The bathrooms in those could use an update.
They leave a house-made chocolate on your pillow during evening turndown service, which is cute.
Overall ambiance: It's a quiet place, which made it perfect for our intimate wedding.
Our guests lounged by the pool all weekend, and seemed to really enjoy it.
It's a slow, relaxing environment.
Overall, fantastic experience.
While our wedding was small, they do larger weddings as well.

WOW!
What an amazing experience!
My mom, myself, and our friend went there for their second saturday market and tasting demonstrations.
When we arrived, we were immediately greeted by several happy, warm workers who looked genuinely happy to be there and that we were there.
The tasting stand was just getting set up, and they were kind of surprised to see us.
Randy, the manager, Jeremy the executive chef, Anthony the sous chef, as well as others made sure that our experience was incredible from the start!
We were the only people attending the tasting demonstration to start and as I said to them, I felt like a rock star!
The food was amazing, fresh, and so nice that it was organic.
The tasting was completely worth the cost and we will definitely be back!

My wife and I booked this vacation through Orbitz and we completed treated like third class citizens.
We called early In the the day to inform them we'd be checking in at 7 pm.
We were there earlier than that.
We booked a king size room with a fireplace.
When we were shown the queen room with no fireplace we asked for the room we reserved.
We were told it did not exist and that we were in the only room available.
I might have been able to stomach that if the manager on duty, David, had said something like, this room is a lot less than the room you reserved and we apologize for not having that one.
No such luck.
We immediately called Orbitz and American Express.
David had to call his manager who gave the excuse that they did not have to guarantee a room by their Orbitz contract and perhaps Orbitz should review the contract?
Really?
So even though we paid for the room, and Orbitz had moved the money to Hermosa already, we were treated as if we were captives.
I am sure they thought, well.
What are you going to do about it?
We already have your money.
This is pure fraud!
Stay away, read the trip advisor ratings of those that are unhappy.
They match my review almost exactly.

Please be aware of the fact that the Hermosa Inn has misleading cancelation policies.
I reserved a room for a two-night stay in late September.
Due to a family emergency, I submitted a 10-day advanced notice stating that I will no longer need a room.
They informed me that I paid for a non-refundable room.
I have three piece of written documentation that their cancelation policy is a 7-day notice.
The Hermosa Inn refused to refund my money for the two nights...this is what I call stealing.
Here's the facts: I gave an adequate notice, 10-days in advance; I have written documentation of all emails and cancelation polices which all state 7-day advanced notice; I was not offer a credit or any opportunity to recoup my money.
I now have hired an attorney to help get my money back, the money that I earned, and they took - - must be nice to take money from people in-exchange for nothing.
They have the audacity to take money from people and hide behind misleading polices...what type of business steals?
Businesses with poor management and bad ethics.
I'm a frequent traveler with over 100K in airline miles, which I do annually, along with many overnight stays.
We all know that hotels will do what they can to make the potential guest happy and be accommodating to one's needs...not the Hermosa Inn.
I was within their polices and they refused to refund my money.
Even if I weren't within their polices, I would hope that in an emergency situation they would be accommodating.
I've experienced hotels that do the right thing regardless of their polices.
The Hermosa Inn let me down.
I can't think of another word to explain their behavior, stealing seems to be the word of choice.
Each year I have have three, to four consultants, stay at the Hermosa Inn, not any longer.
What puzzles me, if they're such a great hotel, why couldn't they fill a room for two-nights with a 10-day notice?
That itself speaks to how they treat people and their business ethics.

This is a small (34 rooms) boutique hotel located between Phoenix and Scottsdale.
If you're visiting you will find this to be a perfect location to take in all there is to do in the area.
This is an old hotel - well, old by Southwest standards.
It was built in the 1930s and has been impeccably maintained but fortunately modern conveniences have been added.
They have a variety of room choices in adobe haciendas that are surrounded by beautiful gardens.
Perfect for tourists or just a romantic weekend getaway.
As you'd expect from a hotel like this, the staff is friendly and attentive.
In addition to well appointed rooms the Inn also features a fantastic restaurant (Lon's) and a cozy bar (Last Drop).
I always recommend this hotel to friends/family who are visiting and I've taken advantage of their local specials as well.

Such a beautiful place.
We felt very welcome.

