Just Keep On Driving .
I don't like talking about people, places or things in a dim light, but I feel it is my duty to report bad apartment living when I have endured it myself!
Although I am ashamed to admit it!
Now some folks will say that, noise pollution in apartments is expected!
True, True!
But, I wouldn't expect that in a "Luxury Apartment Home' as the advertisment states for this complex!
'Luxury' I think not!
Oh!
It gives all the appeal of a 'Luxury' aparment home with its multiple floor plans including the tri-level town home with attached garage (that I choose), the crown molding, fireplaces and oversized tubs!
But this paperdoll living unit is as transparent as looking through a screen door when it comes to noise pollution!
I am not talking about your normal noise pollution either.
Its gives a new meaning to 'too close for comfort'!
I can hear and smell everything my next neighbor does!
If they cook, I can tell you whats for dinner, I can tell you if they smoke cigarettes or marijuana.
If we are in the bathroom at the same time, I can hear them pee and everything else!
Every phone conversation, cough, sneeze or otherwise I can tell you whats being said!
It is awful!
And unfortunately there is nothing that can be done!
And don't even get me started on the maintenance or lack there of!
It is pointless to open service orders via the office staff because there is a 50/50% chance it even gets to maintenance.
I still have work that requires to be done in my unit since August!
And the office staff, well some of them are pretty nice, but they change all the time so just when you think you have someone in the office you can trust will take care of things, they are gone!
There are some people that just love this place!
It amazes me!
They must have just moved out of the projects!
Because I feel as though this complex is just the next step up from the projects!
Doesn't say much for Scottsdale!
But you better believe you are gonna be paying Scottsdale location prices when it comes to the rent!
I know there are other unhappy tenants there, because I see people moving in and right back out all the time in my area!
I know they aren't fulfilling their lease agreements because the Pillars is listed on the Landlord List for tenants who have successfully broken their leases!
If you don't mind living in a paperdoll apartment and fixing and replacing things for yourself (though the paying price for maintenance is included in your rent) then this may be the place for you.
I would think you could find a messy situation like this for a cheaper price elsewhere though!
But if you are particular about your neighbors being all up in your business and don't like being screwed out of your money, then I woud recommend you keep on driving pass the Pillar at Scottsdale right on up the road!
Just say NO!!!

I have lived here,  as long as you don't have to deal with the leasing office staff and stay happy in your apartment -it works.
The maintenance issues take more than a week to get attention even if they say 24 hours.
The management staff is very inconsiderate of your situations and requests for either late rent by a few hours ( charge$50 for rent an hour late!
)or any guest/RV parking requests and such.
Be prepared to enjoy the dog barking next door or loud music through their thin walls.
Pool specially the jacuzzi is never clean enough.
A very small gym and I have had neighbor's cat in my patio because they just leave her out.
Sigh!
so much for the good looking pictures of the community and a good floorplan.
I have also found people complaining of their dishonest business practices and charging later for things not clarified upfront.
I wish they were as polite with the residents as they are when you come to sign up for the apartment; it is ridiculous that they assume the right to be rude to residents who pay for their services!

Less than one star - I live here and the staff is terrible.
The apt above me had a water leak and ruined my ceiling, crown moulding, carpet.
It has taken them weeks to do any repairs and recently lied about mold testing when I requested it.
My carpet stinks and they just painted over the sagging, stained smelly ceiling.
The staff is rude and far from helpful.
Now I have an ant infestation and they haven't even tried to correct it when asked.
"they are handling it in the order received"  meanwhile, my kitchen is infested.
This place is  "THE SLUMS OF SCOTTSDALE"  - it's not cheap to live here and wish I had never stepped foot in this craphole.

Do not at Pillar At Scottsdale.
The staff is horrible, rude, and unwilling to help.
Everything was fine until something in your apartment breaks and needs to be fixed.
But the second that you have to deal with the staff in the leasing office you are treated like a piece of trash.
They make up lies about you and then spread them so when you need help with something they will not help you.
It took 4 days for this staff to even come out and fix a washer that leaking bad enough to cause water damage to the walls and the floor.
Once they came out and fixed it while i was gone i came home to my apartment being unlocked and they try to blame it on me.
They wont take the blame for it and even apologize to me even it was a mistake.
And then you take to the manager who wears her sunglasses on her head and lays back in her chair and could care less what you have to say.
Needless to say after dealing with trying to get the washer fixed it is still leaking.
Save your money and head aches and just look for another apartment.
There are far better options that are cheaper.
I promise you will be much happier.

If you're looking for a high quality, customer-oriented staff in the management office AND in the maintenance staff- they are here!
I've never seen the combo team work so well together as they do at Pillars!
The office is fair and even pledge a grace period of THREE DAYS to pay rent past the first!
24 hour response to every maint request & immediate response during my maint.
emergencies!
Plus-- when my roommate left, I was able to transfer to a smaller unit to save money!
Love these guys!

Started off rocky with the girl we originally spoke with- ended up getting a townhome with a fireplace when she said it wouldn't have one.
But after living here over a year we will be resigning our lease because the staff is great and up keep with everything!
Love living here!

as I'm reading each review I see I am not alone in wanting to warn you DO NOT MOVE IN HERE!!!
I moved in last July and things started the day I moved in.
No one had called to inform me that there was still money needed down that they didn't realize wasn't on the application!
(office couldn't get ahold of mngr for awhile so we sat there until they did instead of being able to move in) now 9months latr I can't wait to move out in July!
i was in office the other day listening to residents complain that their apt smells like cat pee every time it rains .a few months back my toilet over flowed thru the back part and it took maintenance (so much for emergency number) almost 2 hrs when I called at 8pm.
they would not replace the carpet even tho the water had been sitting in the entire bedroom bathroom and front entry for 2 days at least.
and when u would walk back in the apt it would smell like sewage.
they brought in huge blowers for 3 days and when I asked about my sleeping arrangement they said maybe I could stay w a neighbor!!!!
It could b mold infested as we speak!!
no one would keep me posted on the progress or let me know when carpet people were coming I would just come back home and people were in there.
I finally had to call the manager of all the pillar properties to finally get some answers and only then did Tracey fly into some half ass action!!!!
they don't inform u each time they let themselves into a unit!
I hav had miantanence enter while I'm giving therapy sessions out of my home!!!
they don't tell u that century link is an option over cox bcuz they get a kickback from cox but I hav researched and used both and century link actually has the stronger signal and less issues and lower monthly bill!!!!
I called the last 3 days to the office to ask about my rent total because yet again I received no water bill in the mail!!
and I also have a screen door that came off the track.
I haven't had a call back (it's Friday now so I'm sure my messages will b lost in the wknd ) nor does anyone ever answer the phone up there!!
three times since July I hav had pkgs come thru the post office... (which they deliver to office automatically instead of knockin on ur door w it first) and two were supposed to come at a time.
they would lose one for a few days making me call the post office or saying the post office lady never delivered it, adding that she "usually checks em as delivered b4 they are actually here w us" .... only to finally go back in on Monday (after the mail lady tells u "they do this all the time!
I delivered it , they have it") and they search again and go "oh here it is!
it was here the whole time!
"   my freezer froze over one time and leaked in the kitchen everywhere from the ice maker and the first guy covering the wknd shift told me just to unplug the water thing from the back of the fridge til Monday!
I didn't kno what he meant so a few hours later after I kept having to use towels to keep it from leaving the tiny kitchen he came and did not fix it but unplugged it!!!
when I finally got someone to come on Monday the nice white haired guy came n fixed it and then asked why the wknd guy didn't just fix it?
I told him he had said to unplug it til Monday to which the guy told me he does that alot to get out of work!!
(so why is that guy still workin for the pillars then?
because this is the work ethic of most the staff)     now don't even get me started about the pool area!!!
if it's working (when I moved in in July the pool water was about 85° , and most the time filled with dirt and debris from all the Unmanicured  lawn and trees)  anytime after 5pm u cannot go down there with children because there are obnoxious loud trashy people getting wasted and listening to music that the whole pool area has to listen to as well!
They stay out there as late as possible sometime even after the pool is closed (which I noticed they hav started chaining the gates shut which looks like south Phoenix ghetto in Scottsdale) and most people don't even bother going to the pool now except these few that I evn know have been getting 10day move out notices which they never follow thru with!!!
I used to live here about 7 or 8 yrs ago and I'm sad that I moved back!!!
since management has changed the whole place has gone to shit!!!
I'm surprised people r still renting here!!
don't make the same mistake I did!!
they have cheaper move in deals for a reason!!!
it's seriously bringing an apt complex that used to be at least an 8 down to a 1 or 2 :( !!!
SAVE URSELF!!
LIVE FAR FROM THIS PLACE!

The last couple years I would've given Pillar 5 star ratings.
This year I give it 1 star.
A fire destroyed the fitness center, indoor basketball court, and left the pool closed for 2 weeks.
They should have the new fitness center and indoor basketball court completed within a couple months.
There is currently a deal on Groupon to stay nightly for $69 with dates into September available.
They may as well rent it by the hour.
It is bringing in riffraff from all over.
Are they doing background checks on these people like they do residents?
Starting July 1st alcohol will not be allowed in the pool area.
Memorial Day weekend is usually a good indicator of what the pool season will be like.
This season is not looking good.
Also, the controlled access gates are never closed and the gas grills by the pool don't work properly, if at all.

