Feels like home!
Very welcoming and relaxed.
Great worship and Biblical teaching.
Also serve donuts and coffee between services to create a relaxed environment and a BBQ at noon!

I have been attending this church for over a year.
We started going because my son wanted to be able to get to know a girl that went to a different High School than he did and this was a chance for him to see her.
Not the best reason but...it turned out that we LOVED this place.
What I like most is that they are not constantly asking for money.
They do not pass a plate for offering.
They have slots at the back near all of the entrances and you can slide in whatever you want, whenever you want.
No one watches to see that you put something in, and how much.
I also love the music, I find myself humming the songs all through the week.
Their video announcements are really clever, creative and humorous.
We went to the meet the pastor dinner and were there with probably 30 other people.
It was really nice to hear their philosphy and it was all very low key, not pushy.
I appreciated that.

A big church with a small church feel.
Pastors Les Hughey and Jason Fritz do a great job teaching the Bible historically & practically.
I met my husband here and have not gone anywhere else since.

I highly recommend going to this church!
It is Bible Based and to the point!
The kids program is great my 5 year old loves going to Sunday School.
The welcome is warm but not in your face.
If you haven't been to church ever or in quite awhile this is a great place to get back into it!
This Church really lives by their motto "Love God, Love People"

Friendly people but get ready for a production-obese worship leaders weakly grasping the mic stand and all- and a show of Christian consumerism.

We were just baptized on January 2 by Adult Pastor Mark Yule,and we have Never felt such humility,love and joy in our lives.
When we come back to Arizona,we definitely plan on making this our faith home.
We are truly blessed to start our new beginning with Highlands Church as our partner.
God Bless Mark and the entire Highlands family!!!

Rich campus with Light Seeker friendly sermons.
Bring ear plugs - worship music is painfully loud.
Visited twice thinking the sound guy had it wrong but the second visit proved they just want the band to over power the congregation.

