This was my first experience with Discount Tire.
These guys fixed my leaking tire for free.
Well, I did wait for an hour, but they were really busy.
The employees were all very nice, funny, and talkative.
I would recommend this location to anybody.

It was Monday and the place was packed, yet they were very helpful and very fast.
If your going to buy tires in AZ, discount is the best AND if you check out their web site before you go, you can get the out-the-door price which is extremely helpful.

I have been a loyal customer at this shop for about 35 years.
I had a bad experience at the Discount store at 1677 W Chandler Blvd in Chandler and just finished a stinky review for that location.
The guys at the Scottsdale Rd and Oak location have treated me right for nearly two generations.
Free flat fixes, free air checks...even if you don't wear Discount tires.
No wonder Discount has grown into the largest independent tire and wheel retailer in the nation.
Except that Chandler shop, it is doomed.

Talk about a no pressure sales place.
They let me explain what I wanted, made some recommendations which were spot on, explained the differences in tires and ended up having me pick something else with no pitch back to a more expensive tire.
Very unusual in my experience but wishing I experienced more of it.

I can't say enough good things about these guys.
They have always giving me the utmost BEST service and are extremely knowledgeable.
I've always had modified vehicles (my last couldn't ever even get onto the lift because it was very low to the ground, they performed all my services with a manual jack in the parking lot!
) and they've known how to handle both of them, taking all the care a precautions that I would if I could do the repairs/maintenance myself.
I know they are a chain, but I swear sometimes when I walk into their shop, I feel like I'm at a mom & pop garage.
Months will go by and they still say "Hey, Mister Ko" when I walk in.
Incredible.
If I had to make a list of all the positive opinions I have of the shop, I'd run out of room here.
From literally loaning me a brand new tire to drive on for a month while my special order tire was to be delivered to even offering me to exchange an entire set just because I wasn't sure I'd ordered the right tires, even after I'd been driving on them... you CANNOT go wrong with Discount Tire at Oak/Scottsdale Road.

I was referred to this Discount Tire by the guys at LeSueur Car Company when I needed new tires.
Mitch was helpful over the phone answering questions, quoting me prices, and scheduling an appointment for the next day.
When I arrived the next day, I was not very happy that the tires they had told me were going to be in stock hadn't arrived yet from their warehouse.
Brian wanted to make sure I was satisfied so he made a couple of suggestions and we ended up picking a different set of tires.
The tires he suggested were a bit more, but he sold them at the same price for the inconvenience.
He even gave me a 30day return period if I'm not happy with the tires.
Overall, it would have been great for this trip to have gone 100% smoothly, but sh*t happens and at least they cared enough to want to make things right.
I'll keep coming back and I'll recommend others go there as well.

Great Great GREAT service!
They were so nice and helpful!
I got a flat and could not see any punctures or damage, but my tires were will leaking air.
I came by and they were really nice about checking my car and making sure it would get fixed (at no charge!).
They found a nail embedded in the tire, patched it up, and gave me paperwork with a warranty, which is way more than I expected for something they covered for free.
I highly recommend them over going to the gas station or any local dealership.

I love when I'm so impressed by a non-food related business that I actually remember to write about it!
The people that work here are 100% wonderful.
Honest, straight forward and fast.
After my tune up at the Toyota dealership in Tempe resulting in a recommendation to get 2 tires replaced plus a dented wheel fixed, I said, "Thanks, I'll have it done somewhere else.
" Took it to Discount Tires who took one look and said, "You're wheel isn't damaged, we'll just do a balance adjustment.
" 35 minutes later I was on my way with two new tires and a much needed adjustment.
Shakey steering wheel fixed and feelin good!
All I wanted was to leave feeling like I didn't get ripped off.
Success.

Great store, Johnny and the staff are awesome!

I walked in with four tires with 31K miles on them and walked out with four brand new "best" rated tires.
I had no clue about the different ratings and advantages to purchasing good tires (better gas mileage, smoother ride, harder to puncture, etc.
) Now I know, thanks to the information I was given.
I can go back every 5K miles for a free tire rotation.
Love that!
Great customer service guys, great job!

I was very upset when the tire shop my family had been going to went under (DARN this economy!
) last year.
No sooner than I find out that news, I discover a screw in one of my tires.
I take it to my now FORMER car repair shop to be fixed.
They inform me that the tire cant (because its too close to the sidewall) be repaired, and that I need all new tires - $800.
Feeling that something wasn't right, I take it to Discount.
The guy goes out and looks at the tire and pops out the screw.
I immediately ask if the tire needs to be fixed and he informs me that it didn't puncture the tire and I wasn't losing pressure.
He has the tire taken off and checked to be sure.
10 minutes later, my truck is pulled out and I'm informed that the tire is fine and I have about 10,000 more miles left on all of them.
Cost - FREE!
Now 10,000 miles later, I was in desperate need of tires.
I decide to go back to Discount and made a same day appointment.
I had a lot of questions about the tires that the salesguy was showing me.
He answered every one.
In and out in about 1hour and left feeling like I did not get ripped off!
THANKS DISCOUNT!!

my last 2 sets of tires have come from this shop.
after nearly wearing my last pair to the bone, i came in today for a new set.
so i brought my bike in the truck thinking i could ride home during the hours and hours it would take them to replace my tires.
to my utter shock, the rep told me "oh it will take only 30 minutes" and in fact only took them 20. i was astounded.
add to that all the freebies, like rotation, flat repair, etc and i was really impressed.
my wife loves them too.
took her car there for a nail in tire and they fixed her up free in about 10 minutes.
hopefully now, that won't be me you see skidding across the freeway during one of our frequent rainstorms!

These guys are CRIMINALS!
They recently decided that they do not rotate tires if they are remotely worn.
What really?
Oh you mean you don't rotate tires so I have to buy them more often from you guys.
So if they won't rotate them because of this new usage rule shouldn't they give me new tires (mine are less than 1 year old) so I can start following your NAZI rotation guidelines.
SHAME ON YOU DISCOUNT!!!!!!!!!

Wow first time I went to tire shop and did not feel like I got screwed on price.
I just recently visited this location for 4 37" tires for my lifted Jeep Jk.
I really wasn't looking to buy any tires for couple thousand more miles that day.
I walked in was greeted very nicely and promptly by sales associate.
He was very knowledgable on the different tire options I had.
I told him that I was going out of town but I would like to order them since it was a good deal.
He placed the order scheduled me for the following week.
Yesterday  I went to have the tires installed and the mechanics quickly switched out my tires and off I was on my new 37" tires.
Thanks!
I will be for sure a repeat customer.
Tip: Call make appointment a head of time so you limit your wait.
When you get wheel balancing it is lifetime!
Last tip is that they have a fridge inside with free cold bottle water as you wait.
Enjoy!

From the moment I pulled up to the store for a simple tire inflation, RJ (the service team member) expediently assisted us and he was extremely helpful and polite.
Even though our issue was minor RJ dealt with it in a timely fashion and he took the time to educate us on how to take the best care of our tires so they would last longer.
I am thankful for his help and the nature in which he handled our issue.
I would strongly recommend this store and be sure to ask for RJ.

I'm from Cali and been going to America's Tire Co. for 7+ years now and was excited when I saw a Discount Tire here in Scottsdale.
Same amazing prices and great knowledgeable staff.
So quick and convenient!

They're not the fastest discount, but they do the job.
I just want a tire rotation most of the time but they make me wait like an hour and a half.
I love the discount tires where I can get a tire rotation no questions ask in 10 minutes all free.
If only this place could be the same!

Quality, fast, affordable service!
I buy all my tires from Discount Tire because the warranty they provide is the best in the business and the service is impeccable.
The other day one of my co-workers noticed that one of my front tires was low and so I ran down to Discount Tire.
They looked at it and noted that I must have hit something in the road, because my tire was gashed and needed to be replaced.
At other places, I would probably expect to pay $100-200 for a new tire, but because I always get the Discount Tire warranty (for about $15 per tire), I was able to have a new tire put on my car for just an additional $20.
And, I was in and out in less than 30-minutes and able to get back on with my day.
Discount Tire - I won't go anywhere else!

Total Con artists.
I support Discount Tires, but these guys specifically tried to scam me more in ways then one.
The Discount tire on Thomas around 35th street are much more honest.

Great customer service and very reasonable prices!!!
I got two new tires for 140$.
The men working are all super knowledgeable and friendly!
Side note.
Call before you come to check on wait times!
They also have tons of coupons out there!

Discount Tire is the ONLY place to purchase and service tires.
Could you save ten bucks at Costco?
Maybe- but you will not beat the service at Discount Tire.
SInce I got my first cars years and years ago, I knew to go to Discount, since that is where my family took our cars.
I went to this location to have my tires rotated.
Something I learned a few years ago is that you can call and make appointments at Discount Tire, so I called the day before and made an appointment- which speeds things up and gets you out faster.
This location was recently remodeled and it looks great.
Comfy soft chairs, bottled water and candy to snack on, it's very nice.
As with the other employees, they are amazing and work SO hard.
Discount Tire has a customer for life, and I really appreciate the great customer service, especially when I am receiving a free tire rotation.
Well done Discount Tire, you're doing it right.

Fast, Friendly, and HONEST!
Returned to Discount this past Friday to have my tires on "The Beast" checked and possibly rotated.
I called ahead to see if I needed to get an appointment, but the guy said i could just come on in and they'd have me in and out in about 30 minutes.
I dropped off Baby C at daycare and headed across the way.
The guy at the counter checked my tires and said that they were wearing pretty evenly - when the tread gets to a "5", the tire should be replaced..and I guess my tires are at an "8".
But he did inform me that I should come back in about 1000 miles for a rotation.
He said to pull around to the side so they could check the tire pressure.
The guy (a different guy) that was checking the tire pressure was fast and friendly.
He even checked my spare (I had to ask though...we're heading out of town and i wanted to make sure the spare was not flat).
He told me that the spare was 11 years old, but it still had decent pressure in it.
I guess that is something i missed when I bought "The Beast" used a year ago from the dealership.
I checked all the tires, but didn't think about the spare.
FAIL on my part.
Due to the fact that the spare was as old as it was, they are not able to air it up...which was fine.
I was just glad that he informed me that I had a decades old spare.
I'll be going back here in a few weeks to get a new spare tire.
Its too bad I don't need a new set, or else I could just swap out the best old tire for the spare.
Oh well.

Had a great experience at Discount Tires in Scottsdale today.
The manager, Kelly, was extremely patient, and informative.
Every staff member was attentive to every single customer.
They helped me get a credit towards my bill from the manufacturer, and generally went above and beyond.
I would highly recommend getting your tires here, they were honest and efficient.

Kelly was fantastic.
I was pressed for time and he took the initiative to make it work.
Thanks!

Rude!
Rude!
Rude!
I came back here because I had a flat tire.
I could not believe the poor service and how long it took.
I have  always bought my tires from this location and raved about them.
Im not sure what happened this time.
Maybe it was because they weren't selling me new tires.
I won't be going back.

These guys are FANTASTIC!!
Normally I feel yucky & bamboozled after taking my car into any tire store (or) auto repair place.
That was completely not the case here, the employee's at this location were great with me.
They went over all my options for tires and cost & let me decide what i felt was best for me and my budget.
I did not feel pressured or duped at anytime while here.
Like others, I would definitely recommend calling ahead to see the wait time or to set an appointment to go in.

I always go to Discount TIre.
When I first moved to Scottsdale three years ago, I blew a tire on my way into town.
The customer service was outstanding.
I've been back several times to have my tires rotated and pressure checked.
I was in there today at this location and again, I was greeted with kind, professional and fast service.
I asked them to give me an analysis of my tire life.
The gentleman who waited on me actually took time to measure my tread on all tires and said I they were still good but should be check in another 6,000 miles.
I won't take my tires anywhere else.
Great balancing job today, took care of a slight tremor in the front tire and sent me out the door read to roll down the road again.
Excellent work, keep up the great service.

Great place to go to for all tire related issues.
They don't work on commissions, so you don't have to feel you are being pressured into anything.
They just want what's good for you.

So I get a recommendation from my friend that Discount Tire is the place to be.
I'm mildly skeptical since it's a chain tire store and I've been ripped off a few times by tire stores before but he was so insanely against me going anywhere else so I said whatever...I'll go for it!
So glad I did!
I called the store and Robby was the guy who answered.
I asked him how much it would cost to repair a nail in my tire he said free.
Say what Robby?!
You're speaking my language!
I got there in one minute like I told him I would and bam!
He grabbed my keys, my info, and told me to chill out for about 30 minutes and it'd be done.
Did I mention it was free?
Just making sure.
So everything went so smooth and I was happy about the whole experience but the coolest thing was...that Robby was the first one to take my keys and the last one to bring me my car in tip top shape.
Now THAT is some service.
Robby and team...you da men!

Discount Tire is the BEST place to be.
While traveling through Scottsdale on a road trip, I had a problem with my tire pressure monitoring sensor.
At first, I thought I had a low tire or one which was leaking slowly.
I have ultra high performance tires on this sports car, so I wanted to be sure I don't have a flat or something is wrong with the tires at high speeds.
I took it to Discount Tire early this morning and was met by technician Nolan Lamb.
he was GREAT!
He got right on the vehicle, checked everything out, re-balanced the tires, checked the rears for leaks (none found) and reset the sensors.
Viola!
Great, friendly service!!
Can't ask for better from Discount Tire or Mr. Lamb.
Go here for all your tire and related service needs.

