I have a friend who works here, and sometimes she invites me down to hang out while she works.
I live close and the promise of free drinks and naked breasts doesn't hurt.
The girls here are pretty good looking for the most part.
The drinks are average prices.
They keep the place clean and the ambiance is cozy and fun.
It's not as dark as some other clubs which is nice... it's not too bright either.
The girls are required to paint liquid latex over their nips and they have to keep their bottoms on due to the laws in Scottsdale.
If you want to see more, you'll have to go elsewhere.
This place is supposed to be owned by Jenna Jameson, but I have yet to see her step foot in it.
She does make her way around Scottsdale a lot though since she lives in PV.
You probably have a better chance of seeing her if you go clubbing downtown.
Babe's often has special guest dancers... famous dancers or midgets or whatever...
I always seem to miss the fun stuff.
I usually don't go here for the dancers - I just go to hang out with my friend... if I had to pay to get in, I'd probably never go.
In fact, since I wrote this they stopped accepting free passes and I haven't been back.
Still - it's a pretty nice place and the girls are cool and personable and clean.
Some of them put on a really good stage show too.
You'll leave here covered in glitter and smelling like stripper, but that's why you have a gym membership (so you can shower before you go home to your lady), right?
I've only been to one or two other strip clubs in my life (obviously I've been to more since I wrote this), so I don't have much to compare it to.
I consider this more of a casual experience - like, you could go here just for drinks with friends without having to go just to pay women to touch you.
Another positive I should mention about Babe's is that the girls aren't all on meth or coke or whatever like some other clubs.
Not to say they're all clean - I have no idea...
I just know that they seem that way for the most part.
*I've edited this review (June 08)... since I first wrote this, I've had more experience with gentleman's clubs.
I'm keeping it at 3 stars, but honestly after having been to a bunch of other places, I think Babe's is pretty nice in comparison.
It's probably a 3.5.

I went there once because a friend of a friend works there.
If you want to get a bunch of glitter and a heavy layer of cocoa butter on you, then get a lap dance from one of these bitties.
If you so much as try to lift your arm to scratch your nose while a stripper is close to, you will be told you've broken some sort of rule.
This place is the polar opposite of fun.

Great place to go if you want to be ripped off, and intimidated.
My Friends and I were having a going away party for a guy from work, got there a little early, maybe seven and took a seat.
About 20-30 mins later a bouncer made us move, to put a table together for a large party.
Also mentioning he gets a $50 tip for letting people sit there.
So we moved, bouncer did buy us a drink.
At our new table the waitress told us we had to have an open tab to sit there.
I said okay, and gave her my card, but told her we were going to pay cash.
She was fine with that.
So we had an okay time, they did have some hot girls working there, and my friends sprang for a lap dance for me, and the girl was dam good at it.
(which is why they get two stars).
So time comes for us to close out and leave.
The waitress brings us our check, which to my surprise came out to over $100.
I pointed out to her that we had been paying cash for our drinks like our dances and tips.
Not only that, but the beers the bouncer had bought us were also on there, along with drinks we did not order, none of us will touch tequila.
So I complained and then a bouncer came along and told us in no uncertain terms we were going to pay for the drinks he saw us drink.
After I complained, the bouncer relented and had the waitress take off the drinks we did not drink, but we paid twice for the drinks we did have.

I can't rate this place on drinks or service inside the club because we weren't allowed to even step within 15 feet of the door.
A bunch of my girlfriends and I were going to stop by during my bachelorette party but as our limo pulled up to their "red carpet" one of my friends rolled the window down and screamed to the bouncers "WOOOOO HOOOOOO TITTIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"  And that was that.

Now its been years since i've been here, but when i did go here i was impressed with the place.
the women were are all gorgeous and plentiful.
The prices were a little on the high side, but i felt i got my money's worth the the amount of women:client around.
i did find the drinks to be expensive and weak, but thats why you bring a flask with you :) So id go back to check it out again even though its been about 10 years.
It sounds like its changed, but hey, im always willing to give a place a try a second time.

All Tens.
that is all :)

I'm loosing faith in Scottsdale strip clubs...this has got to be the worst in Scottsdale.
I don't like the set up inside...its in an oval.
One main stage and one very small stage (only enough for her to stand in) Went here for lunch.
Food wasn't bad, but had been sitting out.
2 strippers that night, not one got on stage!
Stayed for a drink or two and quickly left.

$5 for bud lights, $10 cover, $10 lap dances (on Tuesdays at least), decent talent and a pretty chill atmosphere.
It was pretty dead inside, but there were still 6 or 7 girls working.
Some hotter than others, but they all had pretty slammin bodies.
I'm not a big strip club guy, but this one was pretty fun.
I'd go back for sure.

The place is nice and small.
Came on a Sunday, which was pretty dead.
The stage where the girls dance was pretty small.
The girls were okay looking, Most of them had a small gut.
Just going to say, nobody's perfect.
All of the dancers allowed my friends to put money on them, all but one.
That one was an older looking woman, who had white netted leggings on.
They were blinding because there was a blacklight on.
She told them to place the money on the floor and not on her.
That's no fun.
You earn less tips if you act like a b____.
The service was good, probably because it was dead that night, and so they catered to my friends and I.
The guys got their lapdances.
I know at least one of them enjoyed it!

I make these simple - good drink prices, no cover, AC was working and the club was cool, clean, and in good shape.
The bathrooms were nice, as were the girls..no one was shocked at the fact my wife was with me, and the T-shirt was only $10..

FInally after driving around for awhile we found a strip club, unfortunately it was this one.
The charge is 20 dollars to enter and you get two ten dollar drinks.
With much hesitation i paid for my gf and myself's entry fee.
WORST Mistake i have made in a long time.
NO Dancers where there we didn't  see a single breast and the girls that were working were BEAT!!.
After my ten dollar rum and coke i asked to speak with the manager to ask for my other half of the forty dollars back.
I didn't understand why we would pay 40 dollars to enter a shithole bar with 3 people.
The bartender acted as if she was very use to getting the manger and brought back a little tubby mexican guy.
He offered us a seven dollar off coupons and said it was a bad night.
I told him i just wanted my money back.
HE refused and said the owner does not give any refunds what so ever.
I asked if they just like scamming people?
The guy got tough like they always do.
Called over a skinny tall skin head to help kick us out.
The Two "Badasses" proceeded to shove me out the door while my gf continued to tell them how much this was fucked up.
If your looking for a strip club that isn't ran by a dickweed owner who fucks you out of your money at the door then avoid this place.
There is another club right down the street with hotter chicks and a nicer staff.

