I feel pretty.
Oh so pretty.
So pretty with my pedicured peds!
- - -   Beauty Rule #356: You can't go to a wedding in girly sling-backs without ensuring your feet at gorgeously taken care of.
It's just all wrong if you do.
Knowing this, I stopped by Q Nails last night 'round 5:30 to get my peds done.
After all, I have a wedding to attend this weeked!
I was immediately greeted when I walked through the door.
"I was hoping to get a pedicure," I said politely.
"Can you wait 5 mins?
Pick out color!
" I looked over to my left and saw an array of nail polish.
I nodded and sat down.
After about a 8-10 minute wait (waiting always feels long when you have nothing to look at.
All the mags were by the pedicure chairs), I was shown to the chair in the very back of the room.
Another lady - who arrived shortly after me - was shown to the seat next to me.
Her feet soaked for about 10 minutes while the young man who greeted me finished up another pedicure.
Ironically, this same women finished her pedi before me and left about 20 minutes before I did.
Immediately I switched the chair vibration/massage on.
Mmmm.
Talk about exactly what I needed.
My feet soaked and I looked around.
6:4 - that was the ratio I saw after a while.
6 customers: 4 workers.
Not too bad, I thought.
The people giving the manis and pedis were attentive and worked quickly.
Lucky me, I got a woman who took her time, who massaged lotion into my calves and feet for a solid 10 minutes.
I did notice that only the women employees asked their customers what kind of lotion they wanted, since each little pedi station offered 3.
I went with Jasmine.
I also noticed that the young man who welcomed me into the store performed one of the fasted and most bizarre pedis I've ever seen.
I thought for sure he was going to scrub the skin off with the pumice stone.
Even the lady working on me was giving him a quizzical look.
Oh well, he wasn't my guy... until my lady and him decided to do a swap.
She got up to help a new customer while he finished "perfecting" my french tips.
That's okay, I guess.
Over all, I liked my experience.
The interior is quite bare.
There's a big golden Buddha welcoming you at the reception desk.
There's soft "Asian" music playing overhead, which I found to be delightful and soothing.
Sure beats pop music or a TV blaring.
(They had their TV off.
)   Some notes I took while there: *They offer ear piercing *They offer facial and body waxing *They soap their ped chairs after use, rinse and then do nothing more to sanitize (must be some strong soap, eh?
) *They don't throw away their pumice scrubs *They DO make you sit at this front desk-thingy with the blue lights (I'm no expert to know what it's called) so that you're nails dry faster - both manis and pedis; i had to walk across the room barefoot, tho!
*They open at 9:30 a.m. and close at 7 p.m. and only work on Sundays by appointment *They CAN NOT accept tips with credit, so bring your cash!
I walked out feeling like a piece of sh*t because I didn't have any cash on me, nor did I know it was a the only way I could tip.
I just assumed, like other places, I could write my tip on my receipt.
WRONG.
The price was reasonable.
$25 for a french pedicure; $20 for a regular (i think - that's what their sign said).
I think they could do a better job at sanitizing their tools.
Only one girl giving a ped wore gloves.
The rest used their bare hands.
I'm not sure what the standard practice is, though.
But I'm happy to report that my toes are now reading for the wedding!

I needed a manicure desperately and this place is right across the street from my new office (we just moved).
I got a french manicure which was $12.00 + $5.00 for the french polish... pretty average price wise.
The guy who did my manicure did a great job!
just the way I like it.
I am sure i will be back for a pedicure in about a week when I am due.
All in all a good experience.

I really hate to give a bad review but I was so pissed off after leaving this place I just want to warn anyone who will listen.
STAY AWAY!
So first off I explain what I want done and the guy is not paying attention, instead he's talkig to his coworker...
I let it go, I figured he's got it.
NO!
He filed my nails down to the point where hey started to hurt and whenever I would say ouch, he would stop and look at me like I was crazy... To top it off after hurting me repeatidly my nails were terrible.
My index fingernail was slanted to the left, it was horrible.
I had to go home and make them super short and paint them so they would look decent and then after 3 days they began to lift!!!
I swear to God I had half a mind to be like F off I'm not paying you.
But I didn't.
(kickig myself 4 it now)  Seriously guys stay away.
Goto 101 Nails on Shea instead or any other place for that matter.
Rude people Bad service Crappy attitudes Can't seem to even glue the tips on straight!!
This place is a joke!
Fail!!

Since my last horrible gel nail experience at a previous salon (they ended up lasting about 4 days people) my nails needed help.
The last manicure left the gel polish peeling, to which I stupidly kept picking at which isn't good for your nails.
I decided to go to Q Nails, which I used to go to years ago when I had acrylics.
The place looks the same, although they are doing some renovations in the back to increase the space for facials.
I told the nail tech I had gel nails done at another salon and lasted only 4 days, she said theirs last 2-3wks.
ok, go for it.
She started by cleaning off what was left of my old gel polish and shaping the nail.
I wasn't crazy about how she shaped them....but I'll come back to that.
So she then left and Tony took over.
He had just finished working with a woman who apparently has been coming to him for 6 years and supplies all the magazines in the salon (she brings in her old ones).
Ok, so he must be good if she keeps coming back.
I opted again for the french gel manicure.
He did a slightly different technique from what I saw before and made sure to allow the polish to cure under the light for the set time (the light turned off when time was up for each coat).
It's only been 4 days but so far no signs of chipping-and I don't baby my hands so this stuff needs to hold up with everything I do.
The shape doesn't look bad with the polish on, and I think once they get a little longer they'll look even better.
Gel manicure $21, Gel french manicure $26.
They accept credit cards but you cannot add the tip so bring cash for that.
My reason for 3 stars only is just for the question of cleanliness.
I saw him putting tools away when he was done after my manicure....and he hadn't cleaned them.
So I'm assuming they hadn't been cleaned prior to my manicure.......

