I have high maintenance bulldogs and things always come up.
The vet I used normally was out of town and one of my dogs needed medical attention.
I consider myself very knowledgeable about my breed and I have used many Vets in the past.
Dr. Florez was very patient and knowledgeable.
He was able to treat the problem we came in for and point out a few tips on how to treat other issues I hadn't even considered.
The staff was very warm and friendly.
The office is beautiful and very well taken care of.
My bill was 50.00 less than it would have been with my other vet and I left with more knowledge.
I also took a look at their boarding.
I'm so impressed.
I will definitely be back.
Thank you everyone for taking such good care of my baby!

This is the third time we have been to Aztec Animal Hospital and I can feel confident in writing a good review for them.
All three times the staff has been friendly and professional.
They remembered our kitten's name (we brought him in for ringworm) and they even made a follow up call to check in to see how he was doing.
We brought him back a week later because the medicated shampoo didn't seem to be stopping the progression of the infection.
They were able to make the appointment the same day we called and even comped the visit as a courtesy.
The rooms are sleek and clean.
There are educational pamphlets everywhere.
I thought it was a really nice place and will be going back.

First off my dog got cherry eye which is very easy to tell based off google...
The vet told me it was an infection... Wrong... Wasted 115$ first visit on stupid drops that did not work, went again and spent the same amount for another kind of drops that do not work, I'm sure any other vet could of told me if they got it in one eye, they can easily get it in the other and look out for it, he did not and now my baby has 2 cherry eyes...
He could of easily told me to get lubricant eye drops and massage back into place, he did not because I'm sure he wanted me to come back in and drop mad money on surgery, google your stuff this guy says... Nice people though, that's all the good that has came out from them

After my dog started peeing all over our new apartment I knew it was time to get him  fixed.
I looked around at low cost clinics and after reading the reviews I was terrified to take him to any of them.
So I started calling vets and found the prices were way too high and I felt stuck.
I found a clinic online called 101 spay and neuter clinic that would charge $89.
I called and made an appointment and thats when they told me the procedure would take place at Aztec.
My husband dropped my dog off this morning (alone, I worked until past midnight and was still sleeping) and when he dropped our dog off they suggested a blood screening to make sure the neuter would be okay.
Which, at first I was completely for even at $40 extra, I love my dog and wanted to make sure he would be okay.
When they called at around 1pm (we dropped him off around 730am) to tell me he had an ear infection and it would be another $30 dollars for the medicine, which again was fine, whatever he needs to be fine.
When I went to get him it was clean inside and didn't smell like vets normally do, the receptionist quickly asked me what I needed and when I without thinking said "I'm here to pick up my baby!
" She snapped back and said "who is your baby?
" With a bad attitude.
As soon as I told her his name she immediately told me how much it would be (over $170 for everything) and put her hand out.
She was rude and made me feel like I was bothering her.
The vet tech that actually talked to me in the room was super helpful and answered all the questions I had.
He was kind of loopy and still hasn't figured out how to walk around with the cone on but overall he seems fine.
The only real complaints I have are the up charges, the rude front desk woman, and the fact that I couldn't meet the doctor because he was "on the phone".
Although I don't know if I would take him there regularly because I would like a little bit more of a relationship with my vet, I would recommend going to get your pet fixed.
Although its a little more expensive, it beats going to cheap route and your pet ending up with infection or worse!

I felt this office and Dr Florez deserved a stellar review to offset the one star review (that was petty and unfair) because he has treated all three of my dogs with care and compassion.
I have never had a vet who personally calls me to check on my animals, and Dr. Florez does frequently.
I credit him 100% for saving my small pup Ralphie after he came down with a case of Valley Fever that was so severe, (accompanied with secondary high fevers) that without Dr. Florez and his quick actions, we would have lost our beloved pup.
The staff is also excellent.
They are always asking about Ralphie and my other animals.
I feel they are personally invested in the health and well-being of my animals.
Dr. Florez is the kind of man who you can tell LOVES animals.
He is always available by phone and will even drop what he is doing between patients to stop and talk.
I cannot say enough about how much I TRUST this Vet and his staff.
I am so glad we switched from SVC with our new clan after our older dogs passed.
And for those who complain about cost of services: owning an animal is a responsibility.
Things happen.
If you cannot afford vet bills (which are pretty stable across metropolitan areas) then you have no business owning an animal.
Thank you Dr. Florez and staff, for all you do!

Beautiful facility that cares about my pets.
I drive all the way from Hayden and Shea to get here and it is worth the trip.
I've also referred several friends and they have all been extremely happy.
This place does a ton of charity work, which makes me glad to support them.

Love Aztec Animal Hospital!
We have been taking our cat and two dogs there now for 3 years.
They are so great to accomidate you and your pets, even during emergencies they have been wonderful.
Not only did Dr. Florez help my dog out when she strained her back but noticed my boyfriend was walking funny and asked him what happend as he threw his back out that morning and he suggested a place right down the street for him to get some relief!
We bring our cat every 3 months to get her nails trimmed and I just bring her in with no appt and it only takes 10 minutes door to door!
The staff is so friendly and helpful whenever you call or go to the hospital.
The facility is always so nice and clean which is always very important.
I have reccommended this facility many times to friends and co-workers and will do so in the future.

