I live right around the corner from this salon and have been here once.
Once was enough.
I had a horrible experience here, with a technician who was visibly P.O'd and surly, even rude towards me as she did my nails.
She drew blood while trimming my cuticles.
I will not go back and I do not recommend this nail salon when there are so many better options in this part of Scottsdale.

I go to SN's to get my nails done and I love it.
They do the best GELS ever!
I never had any bad experiences here.
I'll be back.

Very nice and friendly service.
Took kids right away but mani was rushed and filing too rough, left bloody on two nails.
No nail prep done so I'm expecting immediate chips.
Probably more two star but gets extra star for service.
Regular ol strip mall nail salon.

This is a great little local place.
It is your standard nail salon, however the difference being that they consistently do a great job.
I have been going for a couple years (my sister and Mom go as well) for pedicures and they always look great.
Have done shellac (gel) manicures here as well and the gel stayed on longer than expected.
There are nail salons that offer more services or have more bells and whistles, however I gave them a 4 because of their consistent quality.

Terrible customer service.
Went in for a fill and pedicure at 10:15 am.
Was told the lady(Lisa) that did fills would be in at 11 so they would do my pedicure first.
No problem.
30 minutes later a young gal came in asking for a polish change and they asked her if she could wait (she didn't have an appt.).
In the meantime Lisa came in and checked my nails (pedicure was done) - she asked the other ladies who was in first and they told her I was.
She asked my if I could wait 10 minutes, then proceeded to start a new full set on the younger gal.
A full set takes at least 30 - 45 minutes.
I left after my 10 minute wait as I was very disappointed As I had been a regular customer.
No apology.
Nothing.
No respect for my time!

I love this salon.
All the ladies are super friendly and they offer 3 different types of pedicures.
I thought the price was very fair for a pedi with hot stone massage, soak, callus removal, hot towel treatment, and sugar scrub!

