Upon moving back to Arizona from California one of the things I had to accomplish was to get my car re-registered, but who wants to spend hours sitting at the DMV?
So when one of my co-workers suggested Action Auto Title, my ears perked up.
Yes, you still have to go get emissions testing at one of the state locations, but once that was done I headed down Scottsdale Road to Action Auto Title and within 10 minutes I walked out with a new license plate and registration for my car.
The charge, just an additional $20 beyond the regular state fees.
The savings, several hours of my life waiting for my number to be called at the DMV.
If you need to get your car registered in Arizona, Action Auto Title is the way to go.
Now if Arizona would just allow private locations to perform the emissions testing the way they do in California...

Our family and friends have used Action Auto Title for all our vehicle registration needs for over 10 years (used to be at a different location).
Shannon, the owner, is always professional and handles transactions so quickly.
The small extra charge vs. standing in line at the DMV is such a great value, and Action is more knowledgable and helpful than any DMV clerk I have ever encountered.
My friends and family always give me a call to thank me for sending them to Action Auto Title.

I went here recently to transfer the title of my car from my mom's name to mine and to also get the car registered under my name.
Man!
It was so easy!
You don't have to make an appointment you can just walk in.
The prices of the services provided are all listed on the wall and literally you're done in a matter of minutes.
Definitely a hidden gem worth knowing about.

New resident to AZ, called in with a few questions.
Conversation was under 2 minutes and the lady got extremely aggravated and hung up on me.
Pathetic customer service.

Awesome place.
Got my car registration and new tags.
In and out in about 10 minutes.
Beats going to the DMV.
I'm a customer for life.

