When I get a craving for Chinese, I get take out from New China Gate.
Its close by, delivery is quick and the food is consistently delish.
I've only ever been inside for pickup, but its clean and the people are friendly.
Cant eve4r go wrong with the wonton soup, crab wontons moo goo gai pan.
Feeling devilsih?
Try the gang pang chicken.
I've never tried it but I swear its on the menu and gets me thinking every time.

While on our short stay in Tempe, my boyfriend and I decided to find some good Chinese take out.
This was for sure good.
We had the war su gai, the wonton soup, fried rice and the happy family.
It was more than enough food and really good for that matter.
They even threw in some steamed rice to boot.
I'll have to keep my eyes open around my area for a place similar.
Yum!

So, there haven't really ever been any decent Chinese food delivery places in my area.
At least, none that I'm aware of.
I haven't had decent Chinese food since I was last in San Fran.
Until now!
Annnyway, checked out New China Gate based on the two reviews, and the sweet and sour chicken is delicious.
The food is always hot when delivered, and aside from the delivery guys being a little quirky --I've had an overall awesome experience with the place.

Not bad, not great.
Typical Americanized Chinese food in a strip mall.
I'm okay with that.
I do live in America after all.
I had crab puffs, I didn't taste the crab, only cream cheese, but good none the less.
Potstickers were in a more "doughy" wrap than I'm used to, but they were okay.
I also had cashew chicken.
Loved it that they didn't skip on the cashews, but the sauce was too thick for my taste-like a gravy consistency.
Service was good and prices are reasonable.
Restaurant is small, but clean.
They deliver as well.
I may go back.

I love this quaint little restaurant.
It seems to be family owned and operated, and the owner, Jason, is very personable and always comes over to my table to ask how me and my party is doing.
The food is great and family-sized, which is great for when you're on a budget, and it tastes amazing.
It's been a weekend ritual of mine to visit this place ever since my friend took me.
I will never get tired of this place!

Thank you Yelpers for helping us find dinner tonight!
We are staying at a friend's apartment in Tempe and don't really know the area in terms of places with good food that deliver.
New China Gate definitely qualifies.
We ordered a ton of food so we could eat family style.
We had the sesame beef (flavorful and crunchy), orange chicken (spicy and tender), pork fried rice (fresh and tasty) and kung pao shrimp (shrimp were cooked perfectly and lots of chunky vegetables).
We also ordered three spring rolls which were gigantic.
They looked more like mini burritos than the typical spring roll.
They were good as well with fresh veg, shrimp and chicken as the stuffing.
The total was 48 bucks, which is well worth it considering we'll have left overs for days.
Service was friendly and prompt.
They quoted us a 40 minute wait and food was here in 20 minutes.
Another nice touch were the supplies for take out (sauce packets, plastic ware, fortune cookies, etc) that were packed individually in ziploc bags.
We'd definitely recommend New China Gate for delivery and are curious to eat in at their restaurant.

I can understand why this place may have received a less than perfect rating ... however.
I am going to say, that there is one savior menu item that I will base almost my sole decision to give this place a perfect rating.
The "Gang Pang Chicken" is stellar!
Made in the likeness of General Tso's, with a southwest flare, made with fresh jalapeño peppers.
I live in Portland, Oregon now and recently visited Scottsdale.
This was the first place I eagerly went to for a great meal in a friendly relaxed atmosphere.
The reason I mentioned understanding the less than perfect rating, is because I have tried some of their beef and seafood dishes and agree, they do not remotely compare to the Gang Pang Chicken!
The hot and sour soup is great too!
The manager's name is Jason and is a very personable, so give him a shout if you decide to try this place out.
It's a charming 'lil place with funny language barrier misspellings on the menus like "sparking wine" [notice there is no L], to possibly lead to a humorous misinterpretation of what is actually being served.

Just had lunch here, as it was located close to my (new) apartment.
The first thing you'll note going in, is it's a storefront restaurant.
My expectations were rather low, but it was convenient, and it was Chinese food, always a plus.
Entering, my hopes lifted a bit.
The restaurant has a full bar, in front of which are one set of tables, then a glass separator, with a door leading to open air patio style seating.
Nice, breeze atmosphere, despite the locale.
"Have a seat anywhere" said the manager.
I chose to sit out in the open air patio area.
The view isn't that great; just part of the parking lot and the shops, but the weather was nice.
The waitress was by almost immediately with a glass of water and a menu.
The lunch combinations were all priced well; I was ready to order almost immediately, getting the Gang Pang Chicken (not in response to Mark B's review, but on my own initiative.
I always find it safest to order chicken in Chinese restaurants; beef and pork I find are more easily under or over cooked; chicken for some reason tends to come out right more often than not).
The food arrived in a cute little compartmentalized serving tray; a small salad in one compartment, an egg roll in another, a crab puff in another, a selection of sweet and sour sauce and horseradish mustard in another, rice in another, and lastly the entry.
Kudos on presentation.
The entry was quite good, though I'm not as big a fan of General Tso's style dishes (again, with a nod toward Mark B.
), and the description had led me to believe I'd be getting more vegetables in it (that's a problem I have with all Chinese restaurants).
Definitely worth ordering if you like that style of thing though.
The salad was okay, mostly lettuce, with a sweet dressing and wonton noodles on it.
The egg roll was subpar, and the crab puff was, as noted by Heather C, mostly cream cheese, little crab.
All in all though, I left feeling -extremely- full, and with my wallet barely lighter.
Not including tip, my meal, plus a coke, was under $9.
If you're looking for a good, quick Chinese place, and happen to be in the area, this is not a bad choice at all.
Definitely worth a go.

This place has way bigger portions than Panda Express and the price is the same!
Plus free delivery and free spring rolls with delivery...can't beat it!
Wish they stayed open super late though!

Spur of the moment, close to home chinese.
Thanks fellow yelpers!
Tucked into the corner of a shopping center with two small rooms but ample seating for sure.
Friendly staff and good food!
We started out with an order of hot and sour soup, and order of pot stickers and then I had the Gang Pang chicken, my girl the orange beef.
All I can say is the food was really good!
Both these dishes seemed alittle extra sweet...
I didnt read the menu completely or just didnt remember how my chicken was prepared.
Normally I wouldn't order something like this but I did eat it all.
There was a party in the other room but we were not bothered in anyway.
The bartender was HALARIOUS with a few comments that were directed towards the Suns game!
Nothing inappropriate just funny.
The staff all seemed to get along great and helped each other.
The drink refills were almost too much!
LOL!!
They were right on it with your water and tea.
The only thing that was a bummer was the food was out bam-bam-bam!!!
I like to finish my app before my soup comes out and same for my entree....
BUT.... That wont stop me from going back when I need a spot close to home and cant make it out to see my buddy Mr.Wong!!!!

I was on my to work yesterday and I summond my favorite woman(next to my wife) as i gently pushed her talk switch and said NEAREST CHINESE RESTAURANT she came up with new china gate i pulled in the parking lot and tucked way in the back corner was the restaurant.
always a little sceptical i entered the restaurant ...clean,friendly staff and patrons sitting having lunch i ordered the lunch special tsos chicken served w/fried rice green salad and egg roll all very tasty great spot...................

Love the food.
Typically order delivery and it arrives in reasonable time, every time.
Robbie (sp?
), was very polite and friendly.
Even hooked me up with a free set of spring rolls for delivery, nice surprise.
Portions are always very adequate, enough for two meals.
Maybe one of these days we'll eat in to check out the place.
Definitely recommended!

I'm so glad I found this place!
I've been looking for a good take out place near my home for 2 years now and this will definitely be the one.
I tried 3 different dishes and while there may have been a bit too much green onion or breading here and there, the quality and taste of these dishes are the best I've found in Scottsdale so far.
Even after 4 days of reheating and eating portions of my dinner I still thought it tasted good.
If that tells you anything..
The dishes I got btw were mongolian beef, sweet and sour pork and some kinda panfried fat noodle with everything on top thing.
Prices were a bit on the high side I thought (about 10 avg per dish whether its fried rice, noodle or beef), but I'd rather have this than Panda Express the next time I want Chinese!

Yummy Gang Bang...
I mean Gang Pang chicken!
Also, they have Cream Cheese Wontons that are to die for!
They're off the menu, so you have to ask for them.
If you order enough, they may even throw them in for free.
Only downside: their orange chicken tasted like tangy Gang Pang chicken.
Next time, I want to try a beef dish!

Friendly staff... Nice quaint place...

My family loves Chinese food- it is our #1 pick every time when ordering in, so when our favorite place closed down we were on the hunt to look for comparable Chinese food.
Unfortunately, this is the best we can find for delivery.
It is decent for Chinese food, good portions, reasonably priced, and quick delivery.
But, I wouldn't give it more than 3 stars.
I read other reviews of this place and 1 person made a comment that the orange chicken tasted similar to another dish.
I too have found this to be the case with a lot of dishes ordered.
If you order more than 1 saucy chicken dish, chances are they will taste the same with only a slight difference.
The wontons are ok, sometimes a little greasy, but you get them for free when you order delivery.
Most of the time the dog ends up eating them.
If you aren't picky about a variety of flavor this is your place.
If you are in the S. Scottsdale area and you want decent Chinese food delivered this is the place to go.
But, if you are looking for more authentic Chinese food I would try the buffet on Scottsdale Rd and McDowell.

Ambiance was fun.
Tiny little main room and the bar dominates it.
The bartender was offering up free shots to the dining room of his own concoction (Scooby Snacks) and was just very social with the patrons, addressing them by first name.
The food was good.
I had a vegetables and tofu dish.
The tofu was disgusting.
However, the vegetables and sauce were delicious enough that I just picked out the tofu and that was good enough for me.
I had a beer and hot sake for the low price of $3.99.
My dinner with the food, alcohol, tax and tip was $16.
Not cheap but not that bad either.

The order started off rough, but ended up taking a turn for the better.
When I called to order food for delivery, it was obvious that they were busy.
I was put on hold several times and it actually took over 10 minutes to place the order.
I wasn't sure how to take this.
Are they so busy because the food is great?
Or, are they going to screw up or lose my order because they are so busy?
The food arrived about 20 minutes after they said it would but it was still hot, made correctly and very good.
I wouldn't say it's the best Chinese food I've ever had, but it's a solid 4 for takeout, price and portion size.
They also through in some crab puffs, which my Bf said were very good.
I'll give them a pass for the service and delivery, because I could tell they were really busy.
I hope the next time we order we get a little better experience on the service side.

A tiny little Chinese restaurant hidden away in an easily overlooked shopping center in South Scottsdale.
If you don't live around here, you probably wouldn't know it exists.
But you won't go wrong if you decide to have food from here.
New China Gate is a pleasant little place, with very friendly people running it.
It's been a while since I've dined in, but every time my friends and I have eaten there it's been a lot of fun.
While the food isn't really any better or worse than a typical small Chinese restaurant.
The drinks are cheap ($4.00 Sake Bombers!
), and the manager and servers treat you very well.
Take out and delivery are also pretty fast.
Needing to pick up a couple of things from the Fry's next door, we ordered take out from here a couple nights ago.
The person who took my order said it would be just 15 minutes.
I arrived in a little less than that, and our food was already waiting for us.
We had the Coco Chicken, which is something I wouldn't order on a regular basis, but I enjoyed.
It's breaded chicken with almonds and a thick honey sauce.
We also had the Chicken Lo Mien, which was also good.
While it's not a place I'd head out of my way for, I think anyone who lives around Hayden and McDowell with a craving for Chinese should skip the big chains, and enjoy this little local place.

Ordered from here for delivery tonight.
It wasn't good.
I ordered the Egg Drop soup, crab puffs, sweet and sour pork, and my boyfriend got the house special pan-fried noodles.
First thing was that there was sauce of some kind all over in the bag, it got onto everything and soaked through our box of rice.
We couldn't figure out where the sauce had come from.
I opened my sweet and sour pork to see that there was no sweet and sour sauce in the food.
There was a thin layer at the bottom but that was it, the rest was dry.
The Egg Drop soup, which I had assumed would be exactly that, seems to be made with whatever they have lying around at the time they make the soup.
Mine had tofu and tomatoes in it and I could taste chicken for some reason.
When I order egg drop soup I definitely do not want other stuff in it, I only want the egg drop...
Upon second look at the menu, it says that the egg drop soup contains 'varied ingredients'.
That is very unsettling to me.
The crab puffs are okay... nothing special.
The wontons used to make them are greasy and kind of chalky to me, and they weren't warm at all when we got them.
My boyfriend's dinner wasn't that good either... it tasted like they drenched everything in soy sauce... he said that he couldn't taste anything else but the sauce and it was very disappointing.
The only thing they did right was the steamed rice.
Long story short, I'm NEVER ordering from here again.

I had delivery, got it hot, and got it the way I wanted it, would have been five stars but they forgot my tea.
I ordered crab puffs, a chicken and shrimp egg roll, and house lo-mein.
The shrimp was perfectly cooked in the lo-mein, the crab puffs were crispy and they didn't scrimp on the cream cheese inside, plenty of sauce to go around.
I will definitely be ordering from there again

Great little neighborhood place.
We typically order delivery and they are prompt, friendly, and always include plenty of sauces and won ton strips.
Our regular order is gang pang chicken, veggie fried rice with extra egg and they throw in some free crab puffs.
I crave the crab puffs once a week.We have had several other dishes and they have always been fresh and delicious.
If they ever add mu-shu to the menu I'll add a fifth star.

The dude on the phone is annoying as hell.
They don't have a hold function for thier phones.
You will hear this guy talking sh*t about other customers or he is telling stories about his friends.
He is a complete tool.
The food is average.
The best thing they have are their spring rolls.
It sometimes takes 15 minutes to order but this is the only decent chinese delivery in the hood.
WIll someone punch the guy that answers the phone?

Ok, I like New China Gate.
I want to like it more, but I don't know...
The guy who is always working here is extremely nice and friendly, but borderline annoying.
I would order delivery, unless you want to listen to him talk talk talk talk....non stop.
The lo mein here is really good.
You can tell they use quality ingredients.
No mystery meat here.
The free crab puffs with delivery are also so good.
You can tell they fry everything in a good quality oil.
Their hot and sour soup is, ok.
It's pretty different.
It tastes like a beef broth, and its flavored with hot chili's instead of pepper.
At first bite I hated it, but now I really like it and always order it.
Just be prepared, it's nothing like a traditional hot and sour soup.
The delivery is sometimes super fast, but I have waited an hour and a half once, it's understandable though because they are always super busy, and the nice/annoying guy always warns you if it's going to be a long wait.
All in all, a good place for delivery, wish they were a little cheaper, but great for when you don't want to leave the house.

Can you give less than one star?
I called on a friday night for delivery and the guy told me right away they were done delivering even though the website said they still had an hour left.
He asked me to hold, but i could hear everything he was saying in the background.
He was joking with his friends.
Very unprofessional.
When i went to pick up my food, the bar was covered in trash and dirty plates.
The bar tender was taking shots and swearing up and down about how much he hated his job.
I just about walked out when he started to ask me why i wasnt smiling over and over.
His friends were hitting on me while i waited for my food.
This place was disgusting and should be shut down for so many reasons.
I will never return to this p

Good but not great.
The food is consistent just lacks the ?
factor that makes you say, Let's have that tonight!
It's standard chinese food fair.

This used to be my go-to Chinese food place when I live in Tempe.
I never ordered delivery -- I think I lived too far from the restaurant -- but I've dined in and ordered take-out many, many times.
I moved to North Scottsdale a few years back and forgot about New China Gate until I randomly started craving it a few days ago.
I caved and went back tonight and all the good and bad memories came rushing back.
As others have stated, the main guy -- Robbie -- is really annoying and nice at the same time.
He just takes it a few levels too far.
I was just in there tonight and he was going on and on to my boyfriend and I about how he wanted to hook up with some 22-year-old girl who was just in the restaurant celebrating her friend's birthday.
(Uhhh....ok?
I'm flattered that you feel so open around me to discuss such topics?
) He straight up asked us if that was weird that he, "a 37 year-old wanted to hook up with a 22-year-old.
" My boyfriend and I politely laughed but it was super creepy and weird.
I don't really care about professionalism since it's just not that kind of place but please keep your creeper thoughts to non-dining guests.
As we left, Robbie told another couple who sat down the same story about the girl and how hot she was.
Exactly.
The food here is pretty good and the servers are really nice.
Too bad for them Robbie dominates the restaurant.
I've ordered the General Tso's Chicken, Mongolian Beef, Beef Lo Mein, Sweet and Sour Chicken: all pretty good, a bit above PF Changs.
I actually won't come back here anymore.
The place feels more like a dive bar that serves food that a Chinese restaurant -- all thanks to the glorious Robbie.
Take-out/Delivery at your own risk.
Robbie -- if you're listening -- stop being so annoying.

My review is very split for this place.
Food is pretty damn good, but the service and staff are very interesting.
The bartender is a nice guy, but super weird and loud and yelling profanities all the time.
We never stay here for dinner.
We always order take out and eat at home.
It you're looking for some great Chinese take out, this place is great.
But don't bring your kids in for a sit down.

I ordered delivery from here recently and was pleasantly surprised.
I had read previous reviews that had me putting off ordering from here.
But, when I was moving and had nothing to cook with or eat with since it was packed up, I ordered from here.
And the delivery time was about on par for other places.
It was a bit busy when I ordered, given it was right around lunch time.
But when it was delivered, it was still hot and yummy.
The volcano chicken, one of their lunch specials was good; it came with rice and crab puffs.
The happy family was good as well.
This is a place I'd order from again.
Oh and I did like the fact that when you get delivery and use card, they bring the card reader with them rather than giving my card number over the phone.

Saw this place across the parking lot as I was going to the market.
Decided to order take out and was pleasantly surprised.
The host/waiter was very chatty, really chatty.
Ordered Pork Fried Rice.
Would go back or recommend.

The setting is in your typical strip mall as is all the good places it seems these days.
The place is small and the decor kind of sparse and cheesy Chinese but who cares, the food is what counts.
It was all very good and the prices were very reasonable.
I really enjoyed the General Tso's chicken, just the right amount of smice.
My wife enjoyed her sesame chicken and we both had a fair amount of leftovers for lunch the next day.
Has a small bar where you can get exotic cocktails.

This is by FAR the best Chinese in Arizona.
I've been going here for almost 8 years and the food gets better every time I go there!
Robby, the bartender, is a great guy!
If your from out of town, this is a place to check out!!!
The orange chicken & lettuce wraps are amazing.
This is a great date place that will be easy on your wallet, and the service is amazing!
Love this place!

I've been here twice to try to get takeout.
The first time, I waited 15 minutes listening to the bartender and the delivery guy yelling and cursing at each other.
Earlier this evening, I stood for 10 minutes without any acknowledgment from anybody.
They only seem to care about the people sitting in the 4 barstools.
I gave them two chances and two fails.
I'll never recommend them to anybody.
Ever.
BTW, the only reason I gave them 1 star is because the review won't post with at least that.

The food quality, portions and the service was excellent.
They served me ice water and hot tea immediately.
The place seemed very clean.

The other day I was craving some Chinese food, but didn't want to drive and get it so I found China Gate online.
I ordered the Mongolian Beef and Sweet and Sour Chicken.
Since my order was over $20 they threw in some free crab puffs.
It ended up being around $23 before tip which was a little more than I had originally planned, but oh well.
It took about 50 minutes to be delivered, which was a bit longer than I expected, but the food was great.
The crab puffs were delicious and the Mongolian Beef was great with the crispy rice that came underneath.
I saved the Sweet and Sour Chicken for the next day, which was still good, but probably not as good as it would have been sans microwave.
I will definitely be ordering from China Gate next time I need my Chinese food kick.

Great food, obnoxious bartender, average atmosphere, good service.

I honestly think this place might have some of the best food in the East Valley.
I always order the General Tso chicken and its always SOO good.
I recently tried out the Gang Pang chicken and its really delicious.
However, I'm not a fan of their lo-mein at all.
Oh, and they have fast service, delivery or pickup.

I enjoy this place for take out and delivery.
I've not eaten at the actual restaurant so I can't comment on that.
I love the hot and sour soup, and I've been pleased with every beef and chicken entree I've ordered.
Not fancy, not pretentious.
Good, reasonably priced and fast.

Ordered:  Beef w/ Broccoli: 3/5 - well cooked, but a little bland.
I like a bit more flavor and have beennspoiled by NYC Chinese.
Seafood Wonton/Eggdrop cross: 4/5 - burnt egg not so bueno, but other than that?
Very nice.
Only two shrimp and one wanton in a large one...
The flavor was lovely, nice vegetable content...
I can forgive the short comings.
Chicken Lo-Mein: 5/5 - Woooooooow drool!!!!
General Tso's Chicken: 4.5/5 - Very small portion for the price but Taste?
5/5.
Holy wow.
Crab "Puffs"/rangoon: 3/5 - they were free because the order was over $30, but these were basically fried creamcheese no crab to be found.
Can't really complain about free food though  Service: 5/5 - GREAT service!
Guy was funny as Hell on the phone  Delivery: 5/5 Super super speedy!
over all?
4/5 would definitely order from again :) No witticism for take out today.

After the good review of the Gang Pang Chicken, I decided to give it a try.
It was actually pretty bad.
It consisted of a brown sauce with jalapeños and chunks of deep fried, dried out chicken.
At a rate of $10 for that, I won't be returning anytime soon.
The guy that other reviews have spoken of was present and their depiction of him as a bit annoy and inappropriate are spot on.
I'm all about the occasional banter but don't intentionally hold up the payment process so you can makes some unfunny jokes and discuss across the restaurant where you're going drinking tonight.

So, I read reviews and thought I would try out their delivery.
Just now.
Truth be told, I didn't even get to the order.
I was put on "hold.
" (The guy just put his hand over the phone or something...I could here everything.
)   He then answered another call, someone named Brian...remember, I could hear everything.
He told Brian that the delivery guy would be there in 2 minutes.
After he hung up, he proceeded to complain to a nearby worker about how he can't believe that people call back to ask about the delivery.
"An hour means an hour.
Not 43 minutes, not 52.5 minutes, an hour.
"   As you can imagine between the obvious griping about annoying customers and the clear hour-long wait for delivery I was about to be subjected to.
I just hung up.
The food may be great, but I'm not sticking around that phone call (or clearly irritated employee) to find out.

Upon hearing about Facebook postings concerning the  bartender that has worked here for over 7 years I decided to take some action.
This guy is an idiot who is always trying to impress the entire little restauant with his drinks he makes up.
Being a small place everyone has to listen while he rants about his skills.
THE WARNING HERE IS HE SERVES  MINORS ON PURPOSE!
He seems to cater to the younger crowd....under 21!
Kinda creepy!
I WATCHED AS A COUPLE OF YOUNGER GUYS WALKED IN AND WERE NOT CARDED BUT INSTEAD GIVEN SAMPLES OF THESE "SPECIAL" DRINKS.
It is ashame because the food is good both lunch and dinner.

Prob the most screwed up restaurant in Scottsdale.
If you like to dine in dirty, outdated dive bar style restaurants so small you literally eat as one big family with strangers, who by the way consisted of drunk kids from the skatepark next door and large individuals who pretty sure spent most their time in jail.
Your in heaven.
They even have this bartender who you can read about in other comments who I'm certain is on Breaking Bad's blue meth.
Nobody can talk as loud and as much as this guy.
It's really quite the show.
The little server girls who probably get lashed by bamboo canes from this guy are nice, the food was hot with good portions are the only thing they have going on here.
Be prepared if you accept this challenge.

First time here and I had a blast!
Who would have thought a little Chinese restaurant could be so much fun!
Thanks for the cool drinks Robby!

Nothing really to say.. Just having a bite before grocery shopping.
Some of the staff is super friendly!!
;) Only thing, is I wish they would take orders from a different location.
That's pretty distracting.
Also, just cause it's cooler out, doesn't mean you should prop door open.
If I wanted to eat with flies, I would have ate on the patio.

The few items I've had on the menu are consistently good.
The food is always fresh and finally a Chinese place in Phx that puts broccoli with your food!
I don't have many issues with the bartender bc I usually order for pickup on the way home.
He's always friendly to me and calls me by name.
I could see how his personality could be off putting to some tho, so I suggest some of you who've had less then desirable experiences with him take your food to go.
I think the food is worth it.
The other staff members are very pleasant and I always see customers having a good time when I go.
On an earlier visit, they messed up my order (chicken instead of tofu), but fixed it promptly.
No problems since.

Our go to place for Chinese.
I always get the Mongolian beef or chicken and broccoli.
My wife get the gang pang chicken.
We love the hot and sour soup and the Crab Rangoon is good despite lacking any crab.
Delivery is done in a reasonable amount of time and food comes hot.
Dinning in provides great beer prices but dinning area is kinda tight.

Good service, read a couple of old bad reviews but tried it anyway.
They do some dishes without breading the meat if you ask.
Orange beef is good, and surprisingly, my wife liked the mandarin almond chicken.
It's really difficult to find good Chinese...this place is not really an exception...however, not too many options in the area.

Best Chinese food ever.
I've been ordering from here for years and the quality is always great!
The food tastes amazing :)  LOVE iT!

Super yummy food and really friendly service.
Can't beat it in Scottsdale.

I visited this restaurant today and the only reason I'm giving this 2 stars is because the customer service was great!
The waitress/bartender was awesome..
I usually order beef and broccoli when I try a new Chinese restaurant because I figure you can't get anymore basic then that, but it was really bad.. Not enough seasoning and too many water chestnuts..
There was no flavor to the sauce.. And the beef didn't even resemble beef anymore..
The consistency was slimy and weird.
I would not recommend this place.
Oh and it wasn't cheap for the quality I received!

Great place to eat... Love this place and I love Cowboy :)  BEst shots and the fried rice combo is to die for :)

This is one of the better Chinese restaurants that I have found in the area.
The servers are very good and quick, and the food comes out quickly,  My one complaint is the bartender is very loud and talks a lot!
I can hear him more loud and clear than the people I am eating with.
I like to try to get a seat in the indoor patio area just so it is a little quieter.
The time I couldn't sit out there, at one point I was actually raising my voice just so the person at my own table could hear me.
As a result, I think this would be an excellent place for take out.

I stopped by to place a large order.
I walked into what appeared to be a bar with a Chinese  food side business.
2 people at the bar had obviously been served 1 or 5 too many drinks.
The couple behind the bar never stopped to say hi or can I help you?
I picked up a menu and waited to be acknowledged and to place an order.
When I gave up, after several minutes, I walked out.
As I was walking out the guy behind the bar said, "Sorry we were ignoring  you".
I ignored them and heard them and the 2 drunks laughing.
They lost my $100 order and I hope yours too.

We were craving Chinese tonight so of course I hopped on Yelp to do my research.
This place was by far the closest to our house and once I read a majority of the reviews I had to go.
Everyone was mentioning the bartender who was super loud, obnoxious, and as one review put it, "certainly on breaking bad's blue meth".
I absolutely had to check it out.
Worst case we get a mediocre meal with an annoying bartender.
And that, is pretty much exactly what happened.
Food was okay, we got mongolian beef and orange chicken.
Hard to screw those up.
The place is tiny and could be a cozy setting but...Robby.
Oh Robby.
Do you read these reviews?
You are suuuper friendly and nice (at least we thought so) but please dont talk about inappropriate escapades and how wasted you got last night, while simultaneously downing a shot with a patron.
Everyone in the restaurant can hear you.
I am baffled at how he is still employed after all of these reviews and, assumingly, a decent number of complaints.
If you want "meh" Chinese food that doesnt hurt your wallet, and a free comedy show, go here.

Orange chicken with Fried rice was good.
Gang Pang beef was not large enough pieces of beef.
But at 11pm it's a great late night place.

