This is a hole in the wall really, but it's right behind my parents house so when I come to visit from California I always go here.
The bartenders are kind of bitchy sometimes but whatever, there are a couple of nice ones.
The last time I went there there was a bunch of assholes hanging out there acting like they owned the place.
Basically I only like this place because it's convenient and they serve alcohol.

I am a fan of this dive.
Once again, I lived in this neighborhood, but I had a blast.
We used to come to this establishment with a huge lacrosse team full of dudes after games, and they would put up with all of our BS.
We would sing karaoke, act like idiots, and make fulls of ourselves.
21 year old athletes would be dancing with 50+ year old regulars of this dive.
This is a great spot to go when you have a group of friends that doesn't want to be seen.
A dive bar that isn't a Scottsdale "dive" bar (you know what I am talking about ahhhheeemmm Coach House).
It truly is a local watering hole.
If you are in the market for some food, this is not the establishment for you.
I am pretty sure that the pizza we ordered once was simply a tostinos frozen pizza that they had to run to the 7-11 next door to pick up.
Whatever.
I wasn't expecting much.
Cheap beer.
Great shots.
I think they even have a picture of us up on their website.
Very enjoyable.
I wish I was the first to review!

This place is as fun as you make it.
If you are looking for a relaxing place to get a fine glass of wine, then this is not your bar.
If you are looking for a place that will accomodate your group of 12 with reasonably priced drinks then come here.
When beers are on special, you can get a 32oz domestic for around 5 bucks.
There is karaoke just about every night of the week.
If you are nice to the bar tenders, they will be nice to you.
I will have to say, if it was just me and one other person, I would probably skip this place and go somewhere else.
But with a group, you can have a lot of friends here.

This place is definitely as fun as you make it!
One of my new favorite hole in the wall bars for a chill-axing Friday or Saturday night!
They have okay food but may favorite experience is on Friday nights with Karaoke!
So much fun and nobody there judges :) A good time for people who are down to earth and not - up-ity.

I'm a fan what can I say, I live up the street and love checking in for the daily specials, lets see, Monday, half off burgers with side of fries.
Tuesday taco night, weds pulled pork, before i give the wrong info you should go there check it out for your self.
People like it here Karaoke is hit or miss but when the place is popping its a lot of fun.
I don't go to many dive bars but this place opened up a new area to start exploring.

Great place to play pool and hang out awesome karaoke nights and ginger is a hoot!
Highly recommended!

Love this place.
A very friendly staff is a must for us and we have always been treated very well.
No cover charge live entertainment and the best Saturday night Prime Rib Special in town at any price and it's only $12.95.
It comes with a wonderfully crispy fresh salad and the ranch dressing is very good The nachos are killer too and very generous portions as is all the dishes they serve

I was there a few weeks ago and Gina delivered such great customer service!
She was very friendly and had a smile the whole time!
Thanks Gina!!

Always great food and drink specials served by a very friendly staff!
Karaoke with Emma on Thursday from 8-12 is amazing!

Foods good...fries are great!
Beer is always cold.
Employees are friendly.
Tammy is great!
Liked 2 bands I've seen there...Vintage Rocket & Tender Loving Fools....both play different styles of music but both are great!

The place is a dive.
We came out because of the entertainment.
We heard they do karaoke which was pretty good.
This guy had every song ever made.
That was the best part of the experience.
The décor was American Hodgepodge.
Nothing really seemed to go together.
The chairs had a white or off white finish I couldn't tell which because they were dirty.
One had dried mustard or melted cheese all over the back of it.
The one bartender was nice and attentive.
I do think she should refrain from singing karaoke while serving customers.
It's kind of rude.
Here's the real reason we won't be back.
We arrived at 8:45.
We ordered food and was told the kitchen closes at 9:00 and couldn't get anything on the menu.
What kind of place has entertainment and closes the kitchen?
I was looking forward to trying the El Dorado burger, a 1/3 pound cheeseburger topped with a pile of pastrami.
My suggestion if you go for the entertainment, is eat first or get there early.

I took my buddy here for a good night out and we definitely got that!
We walked into a "50's plus meetup" with live blues.
Great people watching needless to say...

Walked into the middle of a Karokee night on Friday night around 11pm.
Just missed the kitchen, which closes at that time also.
Clearly, a bar of regular older folks, bartenders know most people, as do the patrons.
August specials were Bud Light bottles for $2.75 and some vodka drinks for 2 bucks.
Some bikers there, enough TV's to probably watch a game at some point, but the crowd is not for everybody.

This is an odd rough and tumble hole in the wall bar.
When I lived in walking distance, we probably came in probably 6 or 7 times.
They've got your typical bar as the centerpiece with decent drink selections and standard bar food.
It's nothing spectacular but there is always someone hanging out regardless the time of day.
There's a small stage where I assume bands will come by to play.
We randomly popped in during karaoke night and the place was quite lively.
Customers are all shapes and sizes.
The loud ones smoking outside the front door have interesting stories.
Parking is strange as it sometimes flows across the street to the drive thru milk depot.
I always see at least one Harley parked and sometimes over 20.
We had hoped it could become a go-to watering hole but it just wasn't our scene.
Nothing wrong with that.
It's a great place to grab a quick drink and catch the last part of a game.
In the words of Garth Algar, "they got a pool table too!
" - which they do.

This place is exactly what you are looking for in a local neighborhood bar!
It seems that it was recently renovated and it looks nice without being pretentious.
The food was tasty, came out hot and quick.
Staff was really friendly and the regulars (it was that feeling.
Like folks are there a lot and enjoy coming back) were chatty.
The owner came by to check on us after we ate, and see how we were and if we liked our lunch.
I like that!
I had wings and this NY girl can be picky about her wingage!
Served with blue cheese and they were yummy.
Prices were great and big TV's all over the place to watch the game.
There is a ton of live music on the calendar and I'm thinking that's a great reason to go back... Blues Jam!!!
If you've never been, or it's been a while I would say check this place out!

I dont write many reviews but certain places like this deserve a shout out.
Clean.
Great food.
Smooth drinks.
Very laid back owner Doug.
Karaoke Thursday.
Honestly.
..best place in south Scottsdale to drink and be merry.

