I moved to Arizona .... close to 10 years ago.
My battery failed ...... during the first summer.
This Advance Location, is located 3 blocks from, my residence.
They replaced my battery, with a new one ...... with a 108 month warranty.
This battery at this time ......... was $85 installed.
AS OF YESTERDAY ......
I'm on my 4th replacement, of the originasl battery.
The three previous batteries have lasted, anywheres from 2 to 3 years.
All of my 3 battery replacements under warranty ...... HAVE COST $15 each to replace.
They have many locations throughtout the Valley ...... great place for batteries.

I have been coming to Advanced through 3 personal cars, and since before I could drive with both my mother and grandfather.
Once again I called Monday to Gary (a guy I have known for the 8 years I've taken my personal cars there) and he had the part I need and an appointment set for me today.
They were ready to take in my car 10 minutes before my appointment, and I got to catch up with them about life, family, car loveliness.
Every time I come in, my car is in the hands of the same awesome technicians since I had my Pontiac in 2005.
They have seen all my cars and problems and today got my repair and oil change done in about 40 minutes flat.
Yes please!
If you are looking for a place that takes care of its customers no matter what, and someone you can call "car family," I've got ya covered.
Also, if they can't do the work (bumpers) they always have personal recommendations for who can.
(I got in a fender bender, and Gary suggested a great body shop down the road, that was awesome.
See: other review for Auto Ranch) They have great fair prices, know you by name and by car, and will do whatever it takes to get your repairs done for you.
Thanks guys, as always.
and I'm sorry that I have called you with all my car "emergencies" over the past 8 years.

Went in here to find out I needed new valve stems for 2 tires.
They replaced and filled them up free of charge!
Awesome place, would def.
recommend

I give them the two stars for the oil change but not for the tires.
Oil change was fine they were mindful and got the job done in the hour.
What bothered me is they quoted me for a set of tires.
I set an Appt for the following weekend.
This was about 10 mi from my place.
I got to my tire appt and they inform me they quoted me the wrong tires and it would be 50$ more.
I had them search for tires comparable to the price they originally quoted me...
They said the tires would be in later in the day... No problem.
Where they were deducted stars was when I got in my car to go home (knowing I would have to come back again layer) my car smelled like someone had smoked in it.
I'm not a smoker and I'm extremely sensitive to cigarette smoke so I know when someone was lit up.
I did not come back... Not a way to win over clients....
Pass on this place.

