I heard about this medical practice because it's right by my work and it's where my father goes.
I've been here twice now and I love my doctor.
She's very kind and professional and walks you through the exams so you don't feel uncomfortable.
They're very good about getting you in same day in case you need an appt ASAP.
Their entire staff is friendly.
I would recommend this practice to any and all my friends.
The only thing is that they charge a $60 administrative fee that they're very clear about on their website and up front on your first visit.
This fee accounts for paperwork and the convenience of being able to schedule same day appointments.
Several people from my work also go to this practice and have nothing but nice things to say about it.
Don't let $60 dissuade you from amazing health care!

I just recently moved out of Arizona, but I went to Lifescape for three or four years, I believe.
I found them because Dr. Pozun was listed as a Top Doctor in Phoenix Magazine back when I was looking for a new doctor.
Dr. Pozun is great, one of the better doctors I've had.
When she went on maternity leave, I started seeing Dr. Valderhaug instead who is hands down the best doctor I've ever had.
After years of begging doctors to help me find a solution to a medical issue, Dr. Valderhaug was like a breath of fresh air.
She actually listened and made a plan to try several different things that other doctors had never even mentioned.
I also love that Dr. Valderhaug isn't one of those doctors that holds back on tests or prescriptions when you really need them.
I actually hugged her at my last appointment because I've had such a good experience with her!
Very highly recommended.
Also, she has an impressive professional background, as shown on the Lifescape website.
The Lifescape office is nice, and they have their own lab, also nice.
(This is a big deal for me; there's something unsettling about a medical practice with older, outdated furniture and decor; just doesn't seem clean.
)  The only reason I give them four stars instead of five is the staff.
They seem to have a very high turnover rate with MAs, and I've never been particularly impressed with any of them.
Many over the years just seemed like they had no idea what they were doing.
Others don't return phone calls promptly.
One of the women at the front desk is overwhelmingly friendly (what is she on?
I want some!
) but the other front desk staff are generally unfriendly if not rude.
And unlike what the other reviewer said, I have not been able to get same-day appointments.
However, because I've been so pleased with the doctors here, it was worth putting up with the rest of the staff.
As I wrote earlier, very much recommended.

Have been going to this Medical facility for around 5 years now, and I am so very pleased with all their Doctors, and Staff, and the facility's are clean and very comfortable, they are very accomodating to your needs, I have not one thing bad to say about this facility, I was told that all these Doctors, are former Mayo Doctors, don't know if that is true, but I would say just as good as Mayo, since I have been to their facility also.
You do pay a yearly fee of $60.00, on top of your co-pay, but totally worth every penney !

I've been going for about a year now and I'm very impressed.
They are indeed previously trained Mayo docotors and PA's.
In fact, they've designed the exam rooms exactly as they are at Mayo, which is nice.
The staff is nice, friendly and they always call with results.
The waiting room is so relaxing and clean.
I wish I had found this place years ago!

I don't work here.
I'm not a patient here.
I went for a meet n' greet as a local subspecialist and was very (very) impressed.
Beautiful setting, friendly and educated primary care doctors, and the nicest/cleanest facilities I've seen in quite some time.
As a consulting physician I've also been VERY impressed by the quality of their notes, followup, and referrals.

I have been a patient of this practice for over 5 years now.
I have seen all the doctors.
I used to be a patient of Dr. Wilder, however she is only taking care of "Concierge" patients only.
Since I didn't want to pay thousands of dollars a year for this service, I had to request another Dr. as my main one.
I love Dr. Suedekum, she is great.
Very easy going and accommodating.
I did a couple of rounds of Hcg there and your will receive great personalized treatment from Kim.
The women at the front desk are very nice, but  I will miss Josh forever.

My entire immediate family (4 of us), my parents, my Grandma, my sister and several friends all see Dr's at Lifescape for the last 10 years.
They have in the past been amazing, some of the smartest, kindest, trustworthy doctors.
However, since October of last year(2012) something has gone terribly wrong with the practice.
My 6 year old daughter had some serious medical issues and no one at the office would return any of my phone calls (Strohman).
My mother was just hospitalized and same thing happened to her (Valderhaug) where no one could be reached and phone calls were not returned.
What kind of Doctor's office does that?
The PA (Norm) also has misdiagnosed my mother a few years ago and caused her many months of suffering.
The trustworthy part of their practice is gone, and in my opinion that is the most important part of a patient-doctor relationship.
Keep looking for a doctor, you might get amazing care here during your appointments but left high and dry when something important is going on.

Best medical office I've ever been to i the Valley.
I cannot praise Dr. Suedekum enough, she is simply amazing.
I have a hard time paying the admin fee but they work with you.
The personal service and attention they offer is worth the admin fee alone.
I highly recommend becoming a patient of this great practice.

New patient.
My appt was at 11am with Dr. Valderhaug, and 45 min later still not seen.
No one even checked in on me until my hubby had to say something.
Nine patients checked in after me and were seen within 15 min.
So far, not a good experience here...Having 2nd thoughts about this place.

Well after finally being seen, I had to update my rating from a 1-star to a 4-star.
The medical assistant Desiree was very pleasant and provided an explanation (and an apology ) for running so late.
Dr. Valderhaug also apologized upon entering the exam room, and boy was I glad I stayed for my appt!
Basically I just downloaded my health history problems & concerns and am eager to get started on my path to wellness!
Dr Valderhaug was a great listener, and was very sympathetic to my health issues.
She offered advice in layman's terms and even printed up the information we talked about!
Nice!
After being seen, I am even more enthusiastic about Lifescape Medical Associates, and am looking forward to getting my health and overall well-being on the right track!

