Someone recommended that I take my recently purchased work pants here for alterations, and I am glad I did.
It's in the shopping center at the corner of FLW and Via Linda...right next to The Good Egg.
She is really friendly and hemmed 5 pairs of pants in about a week.
The price was very reasonable and fair - $86 all in, including pressing (so it's basically like they got hemmed and dry cleaned).
She was courteous with all patrons and was even honest enough to tell me not to bother getting one pair hemmed because it simply wouldn't look good...that was VERY much appreciated.
Thank you for not taking on business just for the sake of it.
I will definitely come back for alterations in the future.
I am happy to have found someone I can trust.

I was recommended to S&N by Ashley A.  I needed a skirt hemmed and I had 2 dresses that needed to have cups sewn into them.
The end result was great but I felt that the process was like pulling teeth.
If you read my review perhaps you can have a smoother experience!
When I first arrived I was informed that I would need to provide cups.
I've never gone to a seamstress before that didn't have the cups already.
When I returned the next day with two different types of cups I was told neither of them were correct.
(Apparently I was supposed to get the hard Styrofoam like cups...um no thanks.
)  We figured out what would work best and ended up taking up the straps of one of the dresses as well.
My husband picked everything up for me (isn't he the best?!
) because I had to go to Flagstaff for the day.
The overall charge was more than I was quoted because more work was needed than originally though.
The price was a little on the high side, IMO, but the quality was good.
One last note- its cash only.

My whole family has had things altered here.
It is worth the drive for us.. She does a wonderful job and her prices are reasonable..She will tell you when it isn't worth doing.. You do need cash or a check and to make sure that your clothing is clean...

My wife came in for alterations and was treated quite rudely.
This kind of customer service (or lack thereof) is simply inexcusable for any business establishment.
I advise you to go elsewhere for your tailoring needs.

I had a terrible experience at this shop- The owner is rude- my work was not done on time- I was yelled at and accused of having an expensive handbag- she ordered me to pay in advance- I think she is a nut- she did not call me to tel lme my dress would not be ready- it wa a special occasion.
stay away

