Sometimes, when you move from a big space to smaller space,  you can have space problems...no, not "Houston, we have a problem" space problems, but "where are we going to put the other sectional and all the extra deck lounges and the beds for the 4th and 5th bedroom" space problems.
You can only sell so much of your crap on Craigslist before you start to think "you know, we might want that painting/lamp/ottoman/bar stool set/club chair"..."maybe we should hang on to some of this stuff rather than buying everything again if we decide that smaller isn't necessarily better":) You know... the "we might be better off to spend $75 a month forever, rather than sell a $6,000 sectional for $200 and then buy the same thing again 2 years from now" conversation:) Public Storage is the answer to the space crunch (or at least an answer:).
They are a reasonably priced option for the room you need:)      You can get at your stuff pretty much any time of the day or night:)      Public Storage is pretty secure (camera's, automated gate,       double locks on the doors, etc.
:)      I have never smelled a meth lab cooking at Public Storage:)      We have never found a body on the premises:)      It doesn't look like anybody really lives in a storage unit:)      No mice droppings or other evidence of animals, bugs or reptiles       making a home in our possessions:) So, they have that going for them!
I visit every month or two, to check on our stuff (but mostly just to say "hi" to the paintings:)  They almost never say "hi" back:)

AWESOME!
Great Prices, and the onsite manager (Myrtis) is amazing!
She really takes the time to know her customers and their needs.
You are treated like family.
Would highly recommend this storage.
Security is good, if you have an inside unit their is a set of security doors that is password protected.
Way to go Public Storage :)

I really have only one thing to say and one reason for writing this review...  Pricing...reasonable Units...clean MYRTIS (at the facility office)...PRICELESS!
She couldn't have been more friendly and helpful.
I had three different units rented and every time I came in, she went out of her way to find me the most conveniently located unit (to the units I was already renting)... She walked me around the facility to look at the available units, in this horrendous heat, always with a smile on her face.
She always got the paperwork together as quickly as possible to minimize my time getting in and out.
They are lucky to have her...she actually makes dealing with storage a very pleasant experience.
I've dealt with other storage facilities and their personnel in the past...and nothing compares to the experience Myrtis provides.
BRAVO MYRTIS...and thank you again!

After searching for what felt like forever, I was very relived to find a location that met all of my needs for my business.
Lisa is very helpful and the units are reasonable and clean.
I would definitely recommend to a friend!

