Over the years I have owned several vintage BMW and Honda motorcycles, and this place has always been my go-to spot for the Hondas.
The staff here have been helpful helping me find parts, and the mechanics have done work on several of my bikes.
I work on my own BMW, so I am not sure if they would service a vintage BMW or not.
Nonetheless, I have been here about a dozen times, I have referred friends with bikes to go to D & D, and in all cases it has been a positive experience.

Front tire of my Honda Shadow RS suddenly went flat on me as I was waiting for a light to change green a couple miles from the house.
I called roadside assistance and they asked where I wanted the bike towed.
Being new to AZ I said I didn't know and the operator helping me gave me D&Ds info.
I called them and they quoted me a price that seemed reasonable.
The man I spoke to was polite and patient on the phone and I told him I'd be showing up in a little bit.
I hung up and checked yelp just to be on the safe side.
I called the almost equally close by Honda motorcycle dealer to see what they'd quote me- almost double- and they were already trying to get me to pay for other services and upgrades without ever even seeing me or my bike!
I directed the tow truck driver (another 5 star service) to D&Ds.
Less than hour later, Mel had me sorted out, replaced the inner tube for a third of what the original quote was, and didn't try to pull any fast moves.
Mel explained that he believed in honesty and professionalism and in being friendly.
Seemed like a great guy with a thriving business built on real values.
I'll give those guys my money twice on Sunday.
They're a full service shop and he said real busy once the snowbirds arrive, so get your servicing done now.
And then post your experience here to show your appreciation.
Thanks!

Mark, Mel and Ron are the best.
Wonderful customer service makes this place the best.

These guys are phenomenal!
They fixed my motorcycle and I paid out of pocket and they did exactly what I told them; fix the bare minimum to get it back on the street and street-legal.
They delivered right on time and I paid a little more than the estimate that they had given me.
They garaged my bike until they were able to work on it and were very courteous on all our telephone calls.
I highly recommend them.
All businesses should follow the philosophy of these guys: "treat their clients as they would like to be treated.
"    My motorcycle now works great and I am a happy rider.

These guys were very helpful.
I drove way out of my way because I heard they had a good rep.
I dropped off my bike because I've been having electrical problems.
They told me my stator was shot and need to be replaced.
Only problem they couldn't work on my bike.
Paid $75 for them to tell me this.
Went to Kawasaki and found out it wasn't the stator it was the headlamp switch that was killing my bike.
Just want to say thanks guys for taking my money and having me drive 60 miles out of my way and buying the wrong part.

