As one of our fellow Yelp'ers pointed out to me recently, getting into the right pre-school is so important.
We would agree!
We met JoDene Tryon, the founder of Mission Montessori several years ago when we moved to Scottsdale, since the school is located on our church,  St Anthony on the Desert's property.
They believe, that it is their "mission to prepare and provide the most natural and life supporting environment for the child, observing the child and continually adapting the environment to support the fulfillment of the child's greatest potential--physically, intellectually, emotionally and spiritually.
" That's a nice summary of the Montessori method.
It's a great concept, and a great school.
If you are new to the area, or are just looking for the right place for your three or four year old.
I would make an appointment to see for yourself.

This school is amazing!
My daughter started here at 16 weeks old in the infant room with Mrs. Debbie.
Mrs. Debbie and the other teachers in the infant room are so wonderful with the infants.
It is such a calm and peaceful environment.
My daughter is now 2.5 years and in the primary program.
This school has helped shape our daughter into an independent, creative and a critical thinker.
She is excelling on every level.
All of the teachers and staff are wonderful.
This school is a gem.

My husband and I toured the cactus location for our toddler with Stephanie.
The tour went well so we decided (so we thought) that this was the right school for our son until we filled out all the paperwork and returned along with a deposit check.
Stephanie was not there when I dropped it by so about a week later I tried calling her to see if she did in fact receive it and never received a call back.
I called again, when I finally did get ahold of her she said she did receive it but that I needed to then go online and fill out the paperwork which we did, when online it stated that we needed to submit a deposit, the amount listed online was different then the amount she previously stated so I wanted to clarify the correct amount so I could ensure they had everything they needed to be considered for enrollment during their selection process.
I called several times, was told she's at a different campus each time so I called the other locations I was told she was at and they said she was not there.
I felt like I was getting no where with this school so I finally gave up.
I took this lack of communication and nobody ever calling me back to follow up on my online submitted paper work a bad sign of what is to come should my son have attended this school.
I feel like I was not treated fairly and went ignored.
It's unfortunate.

