These guys give awesome customer support and they know their stuff.
We had quite a high level of scorpions and I had been spraying around the house with limited success.
With a new grandchild now arrived who regularly comes over, I was "directed" to come up with a solution.
Coincidentally I was given this company as a reference by a co-worker who has a rental in Chandler (with a large number of scorpions) and the renters had been freaking out, also my next door neighbors had two young kids and had gone to this company to resolve their issues.
Both are very happy with this company Anyways they have a very sophisticated package / program which takes several months to implement.
This involves a mix of education, inside sealing, external sealing, and chemical spraying etc.
etc.
They also have a calendar which tells you when to spray etc.
Did you know that scorpion levels are highly correlated to moon phases?
Anyways - the program costs a bit of money, but in this case you certainly get what you pay for and as I said the service is outstanding.
An example is they sealed the trap doors during the internal house seal (which took ~ 6 hours for my house), but they were very happy to come back around and do some re-sealing after we had some other workers do work on our roof space.
As Georgia will tell you it's not an over night fix to get rid of the scorpions - the program can take several weeks or months depending upon what time of the year it is.
Having said that since these guys did their work we have only seen one scorpion in the last 4 - 6 months and I must admit the program created a little complacency on my part since there have been so few scorpions around I am not spraying as frequently as I am supposed to.
These guys seem to be pretty busy - so it may take a week or so to schedule you in.
However getting rid of scorpions is not something you can do in a week - it's a many months long program; so if your going to do it correctly - go with this company.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED

Highly recommend!!!
When we moved in a year ago we saw about 7 scorpions inside our house with countless centipedes.
Having two small children, this was quite scary.
We reached out to our new neighbors asking how to prevent them from coming in.
We had monthly pest control - but it wasn't working.
Quite a few neighbors recommended Seal Out Scorpions hands down!
We called, and they quickly came.
Very Very Professional and great customer service explaining everything they were doing.
I couldn't believe the gaps behind our doors and near plumbing, we would have never thought as a place for scorpions to come in.
We got "sealed" inside in  September, with the final outside seal done in October.
Now we see  Nothing - Nada - Zip.
Our neighbor told us he has had 5 scorpions inside his home this month of May, cause he never got the sealing.
He is now calling Seal Out Scorpions!
Seriously worth every penny for piece of mind!!
Thanks again!

Love love them and Georgia is the best.
She was the first person who understood my fear and put my mind at ease.
She instilled trust on the first phone consultation, we have been following her program and have not sen a scorpion in the house since her company began working with us....

I hate scorpions.
Hate them.
But I live in AZ so I'm bound to encounter the evil creatures, however more than 15 inside my house were 15 too many.
I have 3 young children and I was terrified for them.
I had another company (Ky-Ko) come to seal our house and I won't bore you with the details but in short:  They didn't sealed every thing as detailed in their 25 point check list , incredibly poor work on what they actually sealed plus cheap materials and bad customer service.
Excuses and more excuses.
Not wanting to deal with them anymore and desperate I called SOS.
They came today and I'm so impressed.
They sealed my doors perfectly, they resealed my vents  (previously sealed with duct tape!
Really?!
), sealed every nook and cranny,  they even changed light bulbs for me!
They were extremely professional and knowledgeable about anything scorpions.
Mike, Bill, Mike, Kyle and I forgot the other guy's name (sorry) were all a pleasure to have in my house.
They recommend pest control spraying regimens, either a company or if you want to DIY.
They may be a little more expensive than other companies but they are worth every single penny and more.
I can sleep better now.

We are new residents in Arizona.
We knew very little about scorpions except that one in our house was too many.
We hired Seal Out Scorpions based on information I found on the Internet.
We were beyond impressed with their knowledge, professionalism, and hard work.
They are worth twice what they charge!

Great company, great staff, helpful, courteous, on time, educated us and were just nice people to deal with.
I would highly recommend them.

We called SOS after our pediatrician recommended them to us.
I, too would recommend them to anyone with a scorpion problem.
We had two different exterminators out to spray but it was not cutting it.
I truly think sealing is the way to go.
It's been four months and we've only found one inside that was essentially trapped.
This was after finding 1-2 a week.
Everyone is so knowledgeable and a pleasure to work with; they treat everyone like family.
Great company and effective service!
Hopefully the next scorpion I see will be suspended in a glittery resin paper weight.

James and Nate were very professional.
The did an EXCELLENT job and were very detailed oriented.
The went above and beyond what we expected.
Based on their hard efforts we will recommend this company to anyone we know that may have scorpion problems.
The owners have also been excellent about following up and helping us through this process and we look forward to what the future holds...
Thanks so much!

