I recommend this shop because of their attention to detail and familiarity of high performance cars.
I took my car in to install a catback (SLP Loudmouth II) and they took great care in installing and aligning it on my car.
But that's just the beginning.
When I brought my car in, I didn't have an appointment.
The shop guy was about to bail for lunch, but he voluntarily suggested that he can get the job completed for me right then.
This shows the compassion and the level of service they provide customers.
The shop is in amazing condition.
They maintain and had a serious lineup of work from Corvettes, Camaros, Mustangs, Chargers and even a drag car.
The shop is spotless and the shop guys are good.
This is a specialty shop, so they probably don't do cheap oil changes.
But they do motor installs, rebuilds, cam swaps, exhaust installs, suspension work, computer tuning and dyno tunes - so if you are looking for that, this is a shop you need to check out.
Based here locally in Tempe, when you support them, you support the local economy.
They just moved and are looking to pick up some new customers.
Maybe your sports car isn't so sporty anymore, bring it in and see what they recommend.
Also, the staff there is smart.
They know ALL about car modifications and upgrades, which ones work, which ones suck and really will make a tailored recommendation for how you can get more performance from your ride.
Instead of waiting in the waiting room, we just chatted and I was able to get my performance questions answered honestly and comprehensively.
If I'm ever doing any other mods to my car and I can't do it myself, I would trust these guys to take good care of it and be able to do the job right the first time.
--Joe

So I have been tinkering around with the idea of making my GMC Sierra a little quicker and every time I have gone somewhere these high end car places don't even want to bother.
I came here yesterday since I was in the area and Rod helped me out, he was super friendly and made me feel comfortable.
The have some awesome corvettes in the showroom and showed me around the garage and wow was it clean with some cool cars.
Their rates were really reasonable also, he put together a quote to upgrade the the differential ratio to have more torque and then dyno tune it to perform with the new adjustment and upgrade the exhaust all for about $1600.
This is a great prices for everything that they would do, I also got a quote to put a blower on the truck all together to increase horsepower by another 150 hr power.
That was a little more prices but I loved the option and he had an example of this on a truck onsite so I could even see it working and how it sounds.
Really cool place, really cool people, & really great rates.
Now I just have to decide on what upgrade I will do to my gutless truck.

These guys are terrible i dont recommend them.
They take forever to do the work and the price is always more than what they tell you.
Go somewhere else

Xtremely  hostile, Xtreme arrogance,  Xtremely  poor  customer  service.
Made  appointment almost  a  week  ago  and  showed  up  in time.
This  business  asked  me  to  reconfirm  the  appointment  and  when  arriving  I  was not  greeted,  they  made  me  wait  over 1/2  hour  without  any  apology or  explanation.
When  I  complained in a polite way,  I  was  walked  out  the  door.
I am happy  that  I  found  out  before  even  entering  into any  business transaction with these guys.

I recently bought a 2006 Z06 that already had some performance modifications done to it.
There we a few small things that needed repair and I had some mild concerns about how the reprogramming was affecting the reliability.
I have a strong background in old school performance engines, but none with modern electronics.
I was referred to Xtreme though the grapevine.
After a few phone conversations with Jan I agreed to have them repair the small items and give me a real assessment of the already installed performance addition.
The level of customer service was just outstanding.
Jan listened very carefully to my concerns.
He was genuine and forthcoming.
I never felt like I was being upsold.
He only seemed motivated by my complete satisfaction.
Very fair pricing.
Everything was finished on time as promised.
I left feeling like my car was in capable hands.
When you are ready to take your car to the next level in performance, I highly recommend considering Xtreme.
Thank you to Jan and his crew.
I will definitely use them in the future.

I don't recommend this shop...
They have terrible customer care.
I paid them to install a bigger supercharger on my car, build took 2 months... Than a week after I had the car it was acting up, turning off, (tuning was crap) and they didn't take ownership of their work to even look at it.. Don't give them a chance to do the same to your car, their mechanics and management clearly don't care about word of mouth or taking care of their customers..
Guy that I talked to was (Randy)

I'm not an auto expert but when the clutch went out in my Z06 I pretty much knew what it was.
I expect the last thing a mechanic wants to do is diagnose problems on the phone but when I asked for a quote on clutch replacement Randy took the time to explain things to me and gave a ball park number.
I called around yes even the dealership and got the same or higher number as in Chapmans case which was as unprofessional as you might imagine.
Eventually I got the car in and the new L7 clutch and miscellaneous parts came in at what they quoted.
It was detirmined that I also needed a clutch master cylinder which boosted price a bit more but it made perfect sense to me.
The work was done quicker than I expected and they kept in touch with me the whole time.
Runs great!

Great shop.
I can't 89 agile why anybody would complain about speed of service.
Slow is better when doing mods.
This ain't jiffy lube.

