Arbour Park is conveniently located by the Lightrail and is very affordable.
Nonetheless, in the recent past, it has become a place made up of rowdy college students and sketchy characters.
Though the ground-keepers do their best to upkeep the place, it doesn't do much to uplift the drabby brown color of the buildings.
Hubby had been living here for almost six years in the one-bedroom apartment before I joined him a year ago.
The apartment is small and plain.
The rent includes all utilities but the water is turned off for a few hours on a regular basis because of pipe issues.
One time, I got home from work to find a note on the door announcing once again, no water.
It also happened to be a day when I had to attend a special event that evening!
So, I had to run to Food City to purchase water so that I could wash up quickly in order to not arrive funky at the event.
I was livid to say the least.
In the meantime, hubby and I are using this living experience as an opportunity to save.
If you are looking for a "in the meantime" place that is somewhat decent, then Arbour Park is the perfect place for you.

I just got done calling the police on my "nay-bors" because of the excessive noise that was happening in that apartment and it was nearing 10 PM.
I work hard and need plenty of rest.
I have made complaints to the leasing office that went unheard.
I'm sure they heard me tonight.
DO NOT RENT HERE.
This place is reserved mostly for hoodlums and hood rats (from all walks of life respectively).
I am in the process of looking for a much better place to live.
At this point, I'll break the lease to get out of here.
I repeat DO NOT RENT HERE.
Take it from someone who works hard, enjoys peace and quiet, and does not complain too much.

I'm not saying it's the worst place in Tempe, but it's definitely the best on a budget.
So far, I've lived here six months, no big problems really.
First off, the apartments itself.
They're quite drab and boring, and they're all one bedrooms, which is kind of nice for the price.
With that, there's not much to offer, other then a decent closet and a patio.
The walls are super thin, so you may never hear your computer or TV past a low volume for quite some time.
It's located right next to one of the sub police stations, so if you ever have any issues, you can literally scream out to the police.
The neighbors, they're not the greatest, to be modest.
This is a pretty decent area for college kids, so there's a lot of them, and then there's also a lot of elderly couples and some families.
Yes, families, that live in a one bedroom, 550 square foot apartment, so I understand if some are a little cranky.
Some are a little rude, but most keep to themselves and would rather not talk to anyone.
To be frank, some of the apartment rules are a little harsh, and I feel that they are this way to break leases, which are at a steep price (keeping your deposit, also asking for 2 months rent, which puts you at a loss of about $2,000+).
The staff is decent, maintenance gets done within a kind of timely fashion.
Things have known to be stolen out of the washers and dryers, be warned, I would recommend doing your laundry on a weekday between 10am and 2pm because almost everyone isn't doing their laundry then.
There are better and friendlier apartments out there, keep looking.
These apartments are for those who need a transition, I recommend 3-6 months at most.
As I said, it's not the worst, but you get what you pay for.
Maybe I'm just being a snobby Californian, it's just not a perfect fit for me.

One word: ROACHES!
For the past two months, a neighbor has been using the patio as a dumpster.
It started with one bag, then two.
Walked by with my dogs this morning to find garbage galore with birds picking through bags.
I'm certain there are maggots, but definitely know there are armies of roaches because they have found their way to my apartment.
I have been paying rent to live with ROACHES!
I had the apartment sprayed but those diehard insects come back by the dozens because the source has not been remedied.
So, I barged into the management office to make a formal complaint only to be told that they had served them lazy hoarders with notices and that it's only been a couple of weeks.
LIES!
Because the trash had been piling up since May.
I walk my dogs the same route every day.
This is the laziest management office I've ever encountered; no wonder why there are so many vacant apartments.
Why don't I move???
I'm saving up to move into my own house.
So I don't have to deal with SLUMLORDS ever again.
I just got to hold on for a few more months.
Pray for me, ya'll.

Please, please, please keep looking around at other places or pay an extra $100/month.
This place is NOT worth it, do NOT live here.
Arbour Park is full of BUGS EVERYWHERE.
Although the property management says they get sprayed I beg to differ.
I have had nothing but bug problems since I have lived here.
I am very clean and disinfect everything once a week and there are still nothing but bugs, I honestly feel like I have been living in a dump.
There is also no dish washer, horrible lighting, the oven is like an easy bake oven for adults it is so tiny.
Not to mention the water is always being shut off due to water leakage so that has been inconvenient.
If you are a female I would definitely not recommend this place, I never feel safe and there is always creepy tweakers/bums walking through at night.
If you work late nights and sleep in, there are lovely birds that chirp outside your window and do NOT stop.
Last but not least the management is HORRIBLE.
Very unprofessional and they do not give a crap about you or your problems with the place.
You can tell they hate their job and this has by far been the WORST apartment complex I have ever lived in.
If you are considering living here please, I beg of you to look somewhere else.
It is not worth it and everything is a hassle, especially if you have to deal with management.
I can't wait to move out, I am literally counting down the days.

