Great location but that's about it.
The rooms are dated, and smells funky.
I would stay somewhere else.

Great employees, Lobby and breakfast area where nice.
Good food,  but rooms need a serious renovation.
But it's clean...

I've had stays at this Marriott Hotel more times than I can remember.
I've been going to Tempe and Phoenix to attend chiropractic conferences for nearly 10 years now, and this is probably the hotel closest to the airport that I've been to the most.
It's my first choice when I go to conferences ( or football games) in the Tempe area.
Things I like most about this hotel include the free shuttle from the airport to the hotel.
Takes about 10 to 15 minutes for a driver to bring the van, so if you know where you're going once your plane lands, give them a call and you should be able to time your pick up just about right.
In my experience rooms have always been clean and the hotel's been fairly quiet.
The neighborhood can get quite rowdy (it's a college town) but this hotel is far enough away from the most popular bars that it's not too noisy ( but still close enough to stumble back to if you're out having a good time).
I stayed on the first floor and the second floor, and I really like the rooms on the first floor that have Jacuzzi tubs, ask about upgrading your room if your interested and they are available.
As I said regarding bars, the hotel is close to most of the action taking place in downtown Tempe.
It's walking distance from ASU Stadium and there is an abundance of restaurants, shops, and places to drink along Mill Street.
I've gotten some great prices on rooms, but there's never seemed to be a pattern for best time of year, probably expect lowest rates in July and August.
Staff has always been friendly and the breakfast area is a step up from a few other Courtyard hotels I've stayed at.
There's your typical morning selection including premade items like eggs, bacon, cereals, yogurts and such.
There is also a grill cook for making omelettes and at least one waffle making machine.
For short-term local Tempe business travel, that doesn't require rental car to get around town, this hotel is perfect.

This Marriott is in a prime location.
Just a few blocks from the nightlife section near ASU.
Although it is very close to the entertainment, surprisingly it is a quite place.
The desk was very helpful.
The beds are super comfortable.
The price was much better than the others that double the price for the same location.

Thankfully, we had a discounted "friends and family" rate for this hotel because it is not worth the full rate.
This review may be long, but it is worth your while to read if you are considering this hotel...
The hotel is very clean and very nice.
The complimentary hotel shuttle is an excellent bonus, and the location in downtown Tempe is great.
Now, read on for the negative comments.
We checked in on a Saturday night after 9:00pm.
After traveling all day, we were exhausted.
However, we soon realized that the entire hotel was filled with LOUD, DRUNK, FRAT BOYS.
Our room with a balcony overlooking the courtyard ended up being next to and across from 2 rooms filled with FRAT BOYS.
We immediately had our room changed to a room overlooking the parking lot.
Of course, we were awoken by the frat boys around 2:00am that morning.
HOW COULD THIS HOTEL ALLOW FRAT BOYS TO RUN IT FOR A WEEKEND?
It is the hotel's responsibility to enforce a quite and safe environment and they failed to do that.
Thankfully the frat boy idiots left the next day (there were several busloads of them).
Next, the hotel is located next to TRAIN TRACKS.
So, we were awoken EVERY NIGHT and early morning by the horn of a FREIGHT TRAIN.
I had read about this from other reviews, but I thought they were exaggerating.
I was very wrong.
How can this hotel be right next to a train track and not mention it on their web site?
They should give out free earplugs.
I was ready to overlook the idiot frat boys, but the loud train rumbling by every night totally ruined this stay for my wife and I.    Lastly, the breakfast is over-priced.
They messed up our orders and the "buffet" includes  belgian waffles (which you have to make yourself).
The "continental" breakfast costs almost $10 an includes juice, yogurt, pastries, bagels...basically the same stuff you can get for free at other hotels!
The staff was all excellent, the hotel is actually very nice, but being awoken by a freight train every night is unacceptable.
Also, the walls are very thin so you can hear everything outside of your room.
We would never stay in this hotel again, not even with the wonderful "friends and family" rate.
We would rather spend full price and stay in a hotel that is not next to train tracks.

Generally speaking, the hotel is "OK".
I just expect a lot more from a Marriott than OK.
The rooms are clean, the location is good.
Other than that, service-wise, it's as though you were staying at a Fairfield Inn.
I called for the free shuttle when I reached the airport and was told it stops running at 10.
OK, said my still-very-groggy-from-my-preparations-to-be-able-to-handle-the-flight, what do I do?
"I guess you'll have to take a cab.
"  Sigh.
A service-oriented response at least be to explain that there is a flat-rate of $16 for the taxis.
But the place is filled with kids from the University who have NO IDEA what a service-mentality is.
Which hell, I hope to bring up my daughter having absolutely no idea how to serve some business-traveler that comes stumbling off a plane full of Xanax, too.
But just know that if you choose this place, that's what you are getting.
As for the train and its horn?
Yeah, it's nightly... but  I've lived next to the El for [longer than I'm willing to admit here, says "Grandma"], and I don't really notice it.

Pros/cons: 1.
I was disappointed that the hotel didn't offer a complimentary breakfast - I mistakenly thought this was standard at all Courtyards.
The internet (wi-fi) was fine in the lobby, but inconsistent in the room (there were many dropped signals).
The room was fine and the bed was comfortable, but I wasn't wowed by the amenities - it seemed like things could use some updating.
Everything was clean, though.
The staff were very polite, friendly, and helpful.
We were dissatisfied with our initial room (located next to a busy road/train), but they were very willing and able to accommodate a switch.
The airport shuttle was very useful as well.
The pool could have used some cleaning and was over-chlorinated.
But the pool area was clean, and there were plenty of chairs/lounges.
Overall, it was an OK experience; really, a free breakfast would have made up for just about everything else.

A more humble abode than its flagship sibling.
I stayed here for two nights for a conference in Tempe, AZ this past weekend.
The hotel itself is clean, extremely close to ASU's campus (which the staff prides itself in since they were wearing ASU shirts on gameday), and for the most part, met all my needs.
They seemed to be a bit understaffed, considering it was Parents' Weekend at ASU and seemed to always have a crowd of people waiting to check in or out.
That aside, service was attentive (after you've waited 5-10 minutes).
Rooms themselves are fairly spacious and comfortable.
The toilet is in the same room as the shower, which is normal, but still less preferred than having them in separate areas so roommates don't have to occupy both at the same time.
They have a pool.
I didn't have a chance to swim this weekend, but it exists.
They have an exercise room that consists of: two treadmills, an elliptical, and a modular bench with sets of dumbbells ranging from 5-27.5 pounds.
Quiet and air-conditioned.
There's a TV in the corner of the room, but it's really only viewable if you're on the bench.
I don't really know the price, since it was comp'ed by my employer before I got there.

This Courtyard Marriott singlehandedly cheapened my image of the Marriott brand.
Slow draining tubs, worn out fixtures, renovation dust, musty smells, and chaotically placed hand written signs guiding to the make-shift front desk as the lobby is being renovated make this a not-visit-again.
$169/night?
I've had better rooms for $39.
You would do much better at a Super8, or Motel6.
Same free wifi, and at least you would get a free cup of passable coffee and a styrofoam flavored waffle.
And the train tracks 1/2 block away make it a noisy sleep.
So all of the things I look for in a hotel - failed.

I actually liked the hotel itself.
A much hipper vibe than most Courtyards.
I would give it a 4 based on location and decor.
However, I want to give it a 1 based on the noise from the train.
It was like some sort of sleep torture.
I was awoken 5 times during the night by a blaring train whistle.
Needless to say, I was a wreck the next morning for my meeting.
Learned my lesson.
If you want to sleep do NOT stay here.
If you want a great location, and plan to pull an all-nighter, great hotel.

I've stayed in worse but I've also stayed in much better.
On check in my room had already been paid for but they didn't check closely enough and debited my card for 4 more days plus an incidentals charge which was great to have that money held in a pending state for an entire week.
The cleaning ladies spoke no English and showed up at the most random and inconsistent times (1:30pm, 8:30am, 3pm and I finally just gave up and locked the door and they banged on it for 30 minutes).
Tempe is always pretty loud with airplanes, as it is so close to the airport, but the room I stayed in seemed to have less sound insulation than other places I've stayed so it seemed louder than usual and then I got a fantastic surprise of super loud trains adjacent to the hotel that take awhile to rumble past (I was in the army and I'm pretty good at sleeping through almost anything but the only louder thing I've attempted to sleep through was when I had to camp out next to howitzers firing all night).
There are multiple trains that go by in the course of the night so don't think you will only hear one so expect several to shake you out of your slumber.
This hotel is conveniently located but for nearly the same price the Tempe Mission Palms is a much better location with a much better nights sleep.

The lobby is very nice, and so was my room (a suite - both the bed and the pullout couch were comfortable).
Breakfast was fast, delicious and reasonably priced.
The location is incredibly convenient.
Great place to stay.

Had a room on the Ash street side.
Crazy.
Loud.
All.
Night.
Also, a train runs by at about 4am, with the train crossing bells very audible.
If you HAVE to stay here, make sure to request a room off of Ash avenue; my business partner was on that side and heard none of the noise.

I've always liked staying at a Marriott hotel, however, this particular area is a different story.
My sister and I stayed for 3 days for personal trip to the university.
The lobby is small, clean, and nice.
The hotel does not have room service or in room movies to rent.
There is a little cafe within the lobby that serves only breakfast and dinner.
They serve Starbucks coffee, but lack the fancy machines.
I ordered an egg-white, ham, and avocado breakfast sandwich.
It was delicious.
First night: My sister pulled out the luggage rack from the closet, only to find a dirty underwear.
It was pretty hilarious at the time, but looking back at it now, it was unacceptable.
We called the front desk to have someone remove the rack and the underwear.
This is when I decided to sanitize the room with my Clorox wipes.
Next Morning: We were rudely disrupted by the sound of the smoke alarm in our room.
At first, I thought it was my Instyler, since I was heating it up.
I was in the bathroom when this happened and couldn't get out fast enough because I was doing my "business" and thought, "Surely, it couldn't be what I ate.
" I quickly ran out of the bathroom and opened our door to the hallway see what is going on, only to find out it was only our room that had the alarm on.
We called the front desk and they said they were testing the smoke alarms, but they were testing our room instead of an empty room.
Someone came up and fixed the problem.
Last night of the trip on wee early morning: We were awaken by a loud knock on our door at 1am by someone yelling, "Security.
" My sister jumped out of bed and looked through the peep hole and saw a security guard.
She slightly opened the door and the security guard said they had a message that we were smoking in our room.
My sister was already angry and told the guy to come in to see if he'd like to see.
She yelled at him and told him that we were sleeping.
He apologized.
I gave 2 stars for the friendly staff at the front desk and shuttle service to the university and airport.

I have mixed feeling about this hotel.
There were some things I really liked, and others I really didn't.
I'll just divide this review up into the pros and cons of staying here.
Where shall I start?
Oh, pros you say?
Okay.
Done.
Pros:   1.
The rooms are very nice, except for the bathrooms (that fits under "cons" below).
Good size Courtyard-style rooms with flat screen TV, coffee machine, and comfortable beds.
I don't usually sleep all that well on hotel beds but I did here.
Oatmeal.
Yeah, you read it right.
Their oatmeal is to die for.
It's served at their little to go restaurant down in the lobby.
See photo of magnificent oatmeal.
They load you up with cranberries, walnuts, brown sugar, cream, and a heaping helping of fresh oatmeal.
It's the best.
Very friendly staff.
Everyone from the front desk to the cleaning staff are as friendly as can be.
Just a great group.
Shuttle drivers are awesome too and bend over backwards to drive you anywhere you like, within reason.
Close proximity to restaurants.
PF Chang's and Gordon Biersche are each about a five min walk, as are some others.
There's a CVS about 10 minutes away too.
The outdoor seating area and pool is very nice for relaxing both day and night.
Cons:   1.
The empty front desk.
On almost every occasion when I approached it, I stood there alone for a good five min or so, waiting for someone to come out to help me.
Sometimes, I noticed, the front desk staff double as servers over at the lobby snack bar.
Upon arrival, I was surprised that a staff member emerged from the back, bypassed me, and went over to serve coffee to a guest at the snack bar.
I've never seen this in any other Marriott anywhere in the world.
The elevators.
Okay so it's only three floors (the entire hotel) so the stairs is your best option.
But the elevators are painfully slow and are attached to swingout doors.
Never seen this before.
You'd swear you're in a submarine.
Anyway, good to know if you have a lot of luggage.
Restaurant recommendations.
Most seemed to lead us to Z Tejas next door.
We gave it two tries and had bad experiences both times (see separate review on the restaurant).
So I'd steer clear and try something else.
The bathrooms in the hotel guest rooms are quite small.
I had to store some of my stuff on the bathtub ledge because the counter space was so limited.
I mean, it's really tight.
And dated.
So overall, not bad but be aware of the above.
There are nicer places to stay nearby, like Temple Mission Palms.
Oh, and I didn't notice the train noise at all during my three nights there.
And I was right there on the train side.
I saw a lot of reviewers mentioned that but I didn't notice it.
Friendly service goes a long way to me, so I'm rounding up to three stars for that.

Very solid hotel.
The beds were great, rooms were big, and the access to Mill Ave was great.
The elevators threw me off as I thought they were service elevators but they work and that is what is important, right?
The staff seemed friendly and the bar area was clean.
The lobby looked a lot more chic than the rooms but that is to be expected.
Like I said, the rooms were still nice.
I would definitely stay here again.
I just didn't stay in the hotel much to really figure out if it deserves higher.
For the time I was there, 3 stars is more than adequate.

I'm not sure why this place doesn't have a better rating on Yelp than it does but I'll do my part to contribute to improving it.
I stayed at the Courtyard Tempe Downtown for two nights last week on business.
I immediately really liked the lobby area.
It was welcoming and inviting and there were plenty of business travelers relaxing with a drink or coffee and getting work done on their computers.
After a brief respite in my room I immediately joined the group and spent several hours getting work done in the lobby.
The wifi was great and I also appreciated their business center and being able to print for free.
My room was equally pleasing to me.
It was clean and spacious.
I also appreciated the comfortable bed.
Finally, one of the great things about this hotel is it's proximity to so many things.
There are a ton of bars and restaurants nearby and it is also very close to Sky Harbor Airport.
All in all I had no complaints about this hotel and would recommend it to any traveler!

came back late at night - the room was smelling bad, and I found that the tub was completely filthy with...
I'lll spare you the details.
I was moved to another room, but I am still waiting for an apology, a staff member suggesting to cover for the night... avoid by all means

This hotel is in a great location.
Close to the airport and lots of places to grab a bite nearby.
The place is clean and the staff is very nice.
My room was big with a soft bed.
Marriott will not let you down.

I really love this place , they have a pool a gym a deli and even a little market that you can buy toothpaste , chips , drinks etc.
I especially love the customer service !
A girl working the front desk named Rebecca is very nice and helpful  I give this place a five star rating .

I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights.
I found the staff very friendly, the price ($109/night) was decent and the place is recently updated with a modern feel.
The bathrooms are rather small but the rooms are the perfect size for two people.
There are public computers to use in the lobby and an area to print your boarding pass.
The Bistro hours are not great.
They only serve breakfast and dinner.
So be prepared to eat elsewhere for lunch.
The also have an area to buy sodas, beer, candy, ect in the front.
There is plenty of parking and they have security during the night time.

