I lived in this apartment for three years when I was able to get it for a reasonable rate.
Once they raised the rates by $300 more than I originally signed for, we ended our lease.
Never paid rent late once.
Our carpet was in bad shape due to the dogs we had however we were charged almost $1500 to move out.
We deep cleaned everything and everything else was in good shape.
Were charged close to $800.00 for the carpet alone.
I don't know how the managers expect anyone living in this apartment to be able to afford those kinds of move out costs, especially since about half of them don't have jobs.
I've never in my life lived in a place that charged me that much upon move out and I've had puppies in other apartments before.
The people here are low income types.
I'm pretty sure we lived next to a heroin addict.
Our window was adjacent to some loser gamers who played video games all night, literally, on the weekdays and were always yelling swearwords at their young children.
There was mold growing in our bathroom, our dishwasher didn't work, and there was a roach problem in a few other apartments.
It was fine to live here during college but after being charged that much upon move out, I seriously wouldn't recommend the place to anyone.
But if you like falling asleep to trashy people cursing at their televisions and children, the sounds of stray cats humping, babies crying, and domestic disputes, and then being charged a crapload to move out, I recommend this place for sure.
Oh yeah, one night I was walking my dogs around 10PM and saw a naked lady laughing to herself while lying on the ledge of her first floor balcony.
There are also always homeless people digging in the trashcans.

I don't usually like to spread negativity, but this place is really the bottom of the barrel.
Their management changes every other week it seems, and their policies follow suite.
They will pull things on you like telling you that they'll work with you on late rent, only to slap you with late fees accruing daily, PLUS what they call a "Rent Concession" of several hundred dollars.
We had to pay rent on the 5th once after 3 yrs and 2 lease renewals, and the manager charged us an additional $400+ for our 1bdr rent.
This was after we alerted them weeks ahead of time regarding an employment hiccup.
These people are crooks who will take you for everything they are able to.
My guess is they cater to struggling people because they assume there will be no ability to fight their practices legally.
I would give this place a -5stars if it was an option.
Stay away!

Horrible place, management is awful, staff is miserable and rude, the whole environment is bad.
They charged us almost $800 in 'move out' fees.
For the carpet.
Mind you we lived there for 6 months with no animals.
Do not live here.

