By far this is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley!
Listen to me people, lets keep this simple, Kohinoor style.
If you are looking for a super-fancy, sitar playing, well decorated place to eat then move on because this ain't that type of Indian food joint!
However, if you are looking for awesome traditional Indian food at an EXCELLENT price, then this is the place for you!
Kohinoor is located right by ASU in Tempe, so all you college students pay attention, because if I was in school over there I'd be eating at this place all semester long.
It's open until 11pm 7 days a week, and includes the restaurant and a bakery.
When you enter Kohinoor, it's a no fuss kind of place so don't be afraid and seat yourself.
You will be entertained by the big screen television showing one of many interesting Indian soap operas or movies.
Don't be surprised if you are surrounded by a few Indian families, or students because they know good Indian food, and to me that says Kohinoor is the best!
Your server will soon be around with a pitcher of water and two menus for you.
One is the traditional menu you see at most places, appetizers, etc.
The other is your ticket to a great meal...a yellow, single sided, laminated menu with their "specials".
Unless you are ordering an appetizer, stick with the yellow menu.
It's divided into Vegetarian, Chicken, and Lamb dinners, all with about 8 or 9 options...$3.99, $4.99, and $5.99 respectively!
These are no small dinners either people!
These dinners include the main dish, jasmine rice, naan, a lentil side, a chickpea side, and yogurt!
For $1 more you can add a mango lassi.
For dessert you are welcome to request one of the many items from the bakery, but there will be more than enough food with your meal to fill you up, so be sure to bring your appetite!!
When you are done gorging yourself and have had enough of the day's feature soap opera, just head up to the cashier and tell them what you had, pay, and you are done!
I guarantee you will have some of the best Indian food ever, at THE best price ever, leaving stuffed and happy!
You'll never want to pay $40 for an Indian meal again!

This may be the only place in PHX that makes their own Indian sweets.
That is worth a trip.
They are authentic and delicious.
The buffet is good and reasonably priced.

I tried it twice, but I take issue with the fact that it opened right across from Copper Kettle.
I went, so I obviously didn't take that much issue with the competition.
What it came down to was this: It's about a buck cheaper, and you taste it.
Perhaps the sweets are delish, I cannot say I tried them, but the rice was crunchy, which seemed too basic a mistake.
The whole meal was similar to Tastee Bite pre-packaged entrees, if you are familliar.
Same price, too.
: )

Oh, Kohinoor!
How I miss the days when your vegetarian specials were but $3.99.
Heaping piles of rice, tofu, and vegetables for a sum no man could refuse.
Vegetable Bhriyani that could mend broken souls.
Even still, when you did raise your prices to $4.99, it is still worth it.
The endearing old grouch who runs you and bakes your delicious sweets only treats his customers so gruffly because he does not know how to express his love for them, which he must obviously have to be the purveyor of an establishment that serves good food at such ridiculously low prices.
(RE: Amandia M.'s review:  yes, you will pay way too much if you order off the regular menu.
Stick with the specials and you will not find a better deal - $4.99 or $5.99.
If you want a drink, go with the mango lassi - it is pretty good, and will be worth the price, unlike the sodas.

I thought the food was average, the service average, and the environment (yet again) average.
I have had Indian food many times before, and often I will order the same dish at different restaurants to find the best.
My personal favorite Indian dish is Lamb Korma (yogurt-based curry), and theirs was not as good as most that I've had.
The daal, on the other hand, was amazing and had garbanzo beans in it rather than whatever other bean usually goes in daal which really made it amazing.
The naan was not bad either.
As far as the service goes, I and my group were ignored (even though there were three tables filled in the entire restaurant) when we were done eating, and we had to go and hunt down a waiter.
The environment was all-right, but I did find the constant blaring of the Indian beauty pageant and music videos a little annoying (because of the volume), but certainly interesting to watch.

I went here on the recommendation of a friend.
I was not impressed.
The location/neighborhood is scary.
The restaurant is old and outdated inside.
The prices for the complete dinner was very reasonable.
The spice level on my meal ordered mild to medium came out HOT.
(compared to others at my table and the way they ordered their dinner).
The naan was good when hot, not so good as it cooled down.
The mango lassi was delicious!
The service was inattentive and lacking.
I won't go back.

Had dinner here with my wife, mother, and 9mo old this weekend.
We were the only customers and did not have the problems with service that others have reported.
The food was more "traditional" than we're used to - still delicious.
We had the assorted appetizer platter and 3 meals off the yellow "specials" menu - with one mango lassi, the bill came to $43 with tax.
Note that they don't serve any alcohol, but said we could buy anything we wanted from the grocery next door and drink it with dinner.
So we grabbed a couple of beers.
We were cracking up at the background music + TV - when we arrived they were showing the Indian "Who Wants to be a Millionaire", and switched to music videos by the time we left.
Quite entertaining.

= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!
= = = = = =   Mike C. & I dropped in here for the lunch buffet.
It's a mid-sized place, seating about 60 in a dining room that's a little odd (copper ceiling?
), but pretty nice.
I would have appreciated a booth, but there were tables only, a bit of a minus.
Next, going to wash up turned up no paper towels in the bathroom, but instead, one of those blowers that chaps your hands with warm air until you give up & wipe them on your shirt or pants.
You know, the machine that says it's saving trees?
Uh, aren't trees a renewable resource that are grown specifically to MAKE paper towels?
...& isn't most electricity generated with NON-renewable fuel?
(Sorry, i digress.
)  SO, I used my bare hand to pull the door open, replacing more germs than I had just removed by washing, & went to the serving area.
Next, they were really short on food here, ala Mike Kwan's infamous Golden Coin!
There was no salad & almost no dessert...
SO, it's 1-Star & we're out of here like at that awful "Wandering Horse Cafe" place yesterday, right?
Well, not so fast.
For one thing, at the head of the serving line there were various sizes of plates sitting there, including extra large.
What a loving gesture to have those big plates out, whispering, "Have all the food you want; we're really glad you're here.
"  That's the message I got anyway, & I started warming up to the place.
Then, the hot foods selection was adequate, & not too soupy as it is at some Indian Buffets.
(For the lentils, which are SUPPOSED to be soupy, they had some nice little bowls out.
)  All the food was good, plus the hostess/cashier/owner (?
) was sweet & very appreciative of our business.
Sadly, it's really hurting for customers!
We were the only ones there, right at 12 to 12:30.
Lunch Buffet is 11:30 to 3 PM, & only $6 including a soft drink... very inexpensive for an Indian buffet.
Please try it; they need you, & it's "A-OK!
"  12/1/09 Update:  Yeah Yelp HQ!
The name of this place was such a mess in the header that it didn't even come up in search.
They have now fixed it!

Well if you dont like crowds this place is for you.
Rand H.and I went to this place at lunch hour and never seen one other customer the entire time we were there.
As far as the food goes it was not bad the selection was limited.I am a fan of samosas and theirs were good other then that the food was average east indian .The decor is one star and needs work .Oh yes you can get a can of pepsi out of one of the buffet trays a first for myself.So if you like to eat alone kohinoor is the place.

Went for the lunch buffet 40 minutes before they closed - the management let us order off the normal menu but charged only buffet price.
The food was deliciously prepared.
Saw some comments from other people about the neighborhood - it's fine, unless you're terrified of Asiatic engineering students.

Decent Food.
Nothing great but if your nearby and are craving Indian food....
The service was average, the place was clean tidy and empty!

My parents went here and reccomended it.
My friend and I were in the neighborhood drunk and starving and decided to give it a try.
We thought the food was FABULOUS (from what i remembered, which did include crawling around the table looking for a cigarette i dropped.
)  I came back about a month later with the same friend and our roommate.
We sat there for awhile before someone came to take our order, and realized that there were half a dozen gallon jugs of milk sitting out on the counter.
They remained there for our entire meal, which was pretty disturbing.
When the waiter showed up, he was dripping sweat from his chin, and proceeded to sweat on our entres as he brought them.
Now personally, I'm not so grossed out by a little sweat that I would ignore a heaping plate of food in front of me.
I tried everything that was brought and didn't finish any of it.
My friends that I was with were really freaked out by the sweating and the warm milk sitting out and barely touched theirs.
Lesson of all this?
If you are going to go to Kohinoor, get drunk.
Otherwise, go to Udupe, Pasand, Copper Kettle, or heck, del taco!

I live across the street and can't eat here any more.
I went in once for lunch to go and the one of the curries melted through it's container and one to my car seat.
The other ones were lacking in salt and spice- very much boxed versions....no love in the food.
I too experienced the crunchy rice.
What turned me off completely was that my bf and i went in once to pick up some sweets and there was a nice american lady ahead of us in line that had ordered the same thing that we were going to, and the owner quoted us a different price that what he quoted her!!!
Epic fail.

I'm a North Indian and know the North Indian food very well.
So In short, Horrible location, Horrible Food, Horrible Ambience.
I can say it for sure that everything was stale !!

This place is hit or miss, but the people running it are pretty awesome.
I love the mint sauce here and the mango lassies are tops.
The thing that really urks me about Kohi though is the consistency...
There have been times that I've gone there and had some fantastic Indian food and other times where I was satisfied but not impressed at all.
Every restaurant has there off days though, I'm sure.
The samosas with a little mint sauce are always pretty legit however.
Kohinoor is one of the cheaper Indian restaurants to eat at, be it lunch buffet or dinner, and for that, it's worth giving a try...especially if you're a fan of hole-in-the-wall restaurants like me.

I guess if you're not Indian this place is alright.
There is a huge problem though with this place, it tries to be both a vegetarian and 'American' restaurant at the same time.
What i mean by that, is that they try to be vegetarian and 'American', by trying to serve meat dishes.
I really don't think this works well.
This is probably one of the few places you can get authentic Indian desserts that are freshly prepared.
I guess that makes this place pretty cool in my books.
Nothing beats the stuff you can get in LA (Artesia, on Pioneer Blvd).
However, for Phoenix, this is probably the best stuff.
The veggie and meat dishes?
Well, they aren't too bad, its a little pricey but still good value.
I tried one dish, and it was just TOO spicy, even for my Indian mouth, and it was just FULL of jalapenos.
The service is also weird.
I've gotten desserts from them a few times, and they charge by the pound.
Sketchy stuff going on during the weighing and stuff, I'll leave it at that.
Don't fall for the owners trick of 'remembering' you.
All I can say is try it out.
You may or may not like it.

I love this place.
It doesn't look like much but they make excellent indian food from scratch.
They will do any substitution you need and ask for.
If you eat there rather than getting your food to go you will get very generous portions for a decent price.
They also have wide selection of indian desserts and snacks, most of which are made fresh daily.
It's family owned, if you are nice to them they will be very nice and helpful to you!

My absolute favorite place for Indian food!
During the last two years of college I lived right up the street from here - those were the days!
Their korma is the best I have ever tasted and they will substitute the meat for vegetables like peas, cauliflower, and potatoes.
You get good sized portions whether you dine in or take out.
They also pay attention to the spice level you ask for - I always ask for mild and have always been pleased.
Family owned, always friendly and always accommodating.
I'm craving it right now!

Decent place, good for the price.

Went here on the recommendation of an Enterprise rent-a-car employee when I was dropping off a rental...she said it was awesome, but she obviously doesn't know good indian!
I had the worst stomach-ache ever after eating here.
Seriously, the ONLY time I have EVER thought I might throw up after eating a meal!
I was the only person eating here at about 6:00 PM for buffet, if that says anything.
Selection was poor, but tasted OK. Waiter/owner suggested an Indian beer (I had never had one) and turned out to cost like $18 (yes it was an oversize bottle, but still!
)  There was a bug in my cup of water also...  India Oven in Mesa is SO much better and still worth the drive!

I've hit just about every Indian buffet in town, and they've felt it!
Was in Tempe and hit Kohinoor Cuisine of India.
From the outside I was expecting a lot, but boy was I surprised.
I had the very inexpensive buffet for dinner and it was excellent.
There wasn't one thing that was "just ok", everything was very good and tasted fresh.
Something you don't always find on buffets.
The owner was very nice and came by with Tandoori Chicken that was right out of the oven, smothered in onions and peppers, and served each table individually.
It was out of this world great.
The best I've ever had.
It was very moist and flavorful, instead of dry as I usually find it at other places.
I will definitely go back and suggest you try Kohinoor Cuisine of India.

This isn't the fanciest looking Indian buffet.
Especially from the outside it's not located in the nicest plaza.
However, I did find the service and food quality to be quite surprising.
We were greeted when we walked in and went to straight to the buffet.
This Indian buffet offers a lot of variety compared to your other 9.99 Indian buffets.
They had appetizers (somosas!
) and a decent selection of vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes.
They had both goat and lamb dishes- something you usually don't find.
Whenever something hot come out of the kitchen they brought the dish over to our table and personally served us freshly made Indian food.
The garlic Nann was also fresh and doughy- just the way I like it!
Overall, I'd give this place a 4 star FOR its category (cheap Indian lunch buffets).
You really have to try this place and experience this family's small restaurant.

I wasn't sure what to expect when i bought this Group On deal for dinner buffet but I love trying new places.
First ....Don't judge this place from the outside.
Looks like it could be a hole in the wall but the inside is much more pleasing.
The food was good, staff friendly and attentive, and the price seemed about right.
For sure they have beer but I'm not sure about other alcohol.
The selection was minimal compared to other Indian places I've been to.
This place has mostly meat dishes so I wouldn't recommend to vegan or vegetarians.

GROUPON SCAM PLEASE READ:  UPDATE 11/9/2013 YELP deleted my photo of the container of chicken tikka masala next to a can of coke.
The picture shows the size of the container, smaller than the size of a coke.
This was my order, my experience so YELP is being an ass to remove my photo.
On to the review:  This place was a total SHAM.
We bought the $25 for $12 take out Groupon.
We showed up and asked for a menu (no menu from Kohinoor online, not even on their Facebook.
SCAM) , they said they had no menu, WHAT?
After asking a couple times the owner said to someone else "get the menu" and cocked his head.
They managed to come up with a ridiculously priced menu after being there for 10 minutes.
$12.99 for chicken tikka masala with no rice or naan.
The Biltmore doesn't even charge these prices.
We are a regular of Curry Corner literally a stones throw away and the owner starts talking crap about Curry Corner.
At CC you get the tikka masala, rice AND add garlic naan for $10.
Anyway you don't eat chicken tikka masala without rice or naan (and no other restaurant we have ever been to HASN'T offered it) so my husband ordered this for me (it came to $20 here!!!!!
) and his Lamb Biryani ($12.99).
When the food comes and the owner shows my husband the food my husband is shocked SHOCKED he is charging $12.99 for what CC charges $8, then the owner tells my husband that CC sells a smaller size, that my husband could go to CC right now if he didn't believe him.
WHAT!!!!
We eat there once a week!
I get the same thing @ CC and we would know what size they give us!
My husband is Arab and is talking to the owner who is totally swindling my husband.
He gives my husband a small mango yogurt drink and then he goes on to tell us that if we stop going to CC and go to his restaurant that he would sell us the buffet for $8.99 and our kids would eat free (they are 26 months and 9 months).
Then he takes my husband next door to the store to show him the halal meat (is this when they put the buffet food in the take out containers or take the buffet food to the back and make chicken tikka masala and biryani out of the buffet spread?
No proof but I wouldn't doubt this).
So my husband said ok, he paid for our food difference $8 and left.
When we got home, his biryani was BEEF not lamb.
There was no mix up, we were the only ones in the restaurant, and my husband was talking to the owner the entire time.
This was a HORRIBLE Groupon experience, and a total scam, offering a take out Groupon for $12 for $25 worth of food and then offering ridiculous prices and claiming they don't have a menu.
BY THE WAY they have a lunch buffet for $6.99 and dinner for $9.99 WITH CTM, samosas, rice, naan etc, so prey tell me how they are selling chicken tikka masala TO GO for $12.99 with no rice or naan?
My husband threw out his biryani the beef was inedible (chewy and old, the dish was room temperature) and then he ended up eating leftover bbq pulled chicken sandwich that I made yesterday.
I took pictures of my CTM and the container is smaller than the size of a can of coke.
CTM was room temperature (it should have been HOT) edible, not good, but not bad  but I wouldn't go back if it was even $5.
In the real world we pretty much got $10 worth of food (inedible BEEF biryani) and we paid $20.

Kohinoor Cuisine of India is great place to get Indian food at near Tempe.
They offer a lunch and dinner buffet, as well as a carry-out buffet!
Additionally, they have an Indian bakery which is a nice departure from the typical Indian restaurants.
ASU students get a discount, the buffet has all the classic dishes, and you get a free Mango Lasse with the buffet!
My only recommendation is that they add a couple more dishes to the buffet, and are more careful when chopping up chicken as to not include bone fragments within the curries.
I'll be back next time I'm in Tempe!

It is pathetic place.
I found hair in their sweets but owner was not surprised and just remove the hair and left sweets for other to eat.
All food was stale.
Had stomach issue the other day.
Never ever go there if you like to eat hygienic food.

I will seriously recommend this place to everyone.
It is one of the good place to eat India food.
Best is the owner of this place who takes care of everyone with full warmth.
Definitely try papdi chaat & lassi which is a part of buffet.
I definitely say these two items are worth the price of the whole buffet and rest of things look complimentary.
The ambience & outlook is simple but who cares about that we want good food and thats what you will get once you go to this place.
There is no harm for trying it once and don't forget to order papdi chaat and sweet mango lassi.

Saw it on groupon and decided to go in...ended up just paying for the buffet for 10...which was excellent.
The only item that was not fresh they replenished within 5 minutes of my being there.
The service was great, free naan and they gave a mango drink for free.
I haven't had Indian food in a long time and I live in south Scottsdale so I've seen some expensive Indian food going north...this seemed pretty inexpensive and was more fresh than any I've seen...at 830 on a Wednesday, so that's a plus.
Last Indian food I had in tempe was the royal taj on Broadway, I used to go there all the time.
I got an expensive plate of lamb saag to go at 845 and got food poisoning, so maybe my experience here is a bit tainted.
Either way, I liked it...and I'm picky with Indian food...I'll see how my stomach holds out tonight (a little worried after reading the reviews) and maybe update to a higher rating after another visit...consistency is key with buffets.

This restaurant is very vegan friendly.
Both times Ive eaten here the owner and the server gave me a tour of the buffet and explicitly pointed out the items which were meat and dairy free.
They also made naan without butter for me.
My girlfriend enjoyed all of the dishes she sampled and they were not all vegan.
It os also important to mention that the quality of the food was really nice and the buffet had lots of steam pouring fron it, which indicates to me that health standards are important.
I will eat here again.

Not really a big a fan of the dinner buffet.
However the samosas pakoras and sweets are amazing.
A must have is the paratha platter.
Number 41 42 on their yellow menu.
Potato/ cauliflower / paneer paratha with palak saag, chole, rice, deal and yogurt.
Don't forget to try some Indian beers with it.

Pathetic place, worst food.
I tried vegetarian food for dinner buffet and it was no where close to average food.
Decided never to visit this place again.

I have been to several Indian buffets in Phoenix and also in San Francisco and Boston and I was definitely pleased with my experience here.
I got the Groupon for two buffets for $10 and came in on a Saturday night to find an almost empty restaurant.
Nevertheless, the food was hot and fresh and there was a nice variety of options for vegetarians and meat eaters alike, and most of the dishes were very tasty.
The atmosphere is kind of weird particularly some of the employees who watch over you awkwardly and peer out the door hoping the place is going to fill up miraculously.
Otherwise would definitely recommend.
P.S.
The Naan was delicious.
My girlfriend couldn't get enough,

Great food!
Family owned, authentic and delicious.
Found this restaurant through living social and I'm so glad we gave it a try.
Will definitely be back.
The chicken masala and chicken korma were my favorite but really, everything was delicious.
The owner could not gave been nicer.
Gave us lots of personal attention.
Definitely recommend.

Ambience: Interiors are neat & clean.
Exterior is like old restaurant.
What it means, if you are trying to impress someone not recommended.
Service: Good service, hot naan served as soon as it was ordered.
Wait time less than 5min.
Recommendation, soiled plates to be removed immediately.
Price: Average 14$ per person.
Similar to veg buffet prices in most of in town restaurants.
(Ordered buffet for four, special order of garlic naan, 3 coke & Indian tea).
Food: Naan: Was Good, can be better by adding little more garlic and making it crispy or well done.
We ordered veg buffet, it included 6 curries, snack, plain rice.
Taste: Simple and tasty food.
Not very greasy or spicy.
It's more like how you find in Indian home.
Overall:  Will I visit this restaurant again?
yes only with family.
Will I order for party?
Probably not because it tastes like simple, tasty home made food and nothing special which i can bring to party.
Will I visit this place with guests?
Not sure, as there are other good restaurants in town which are close to shopping places.

Avoid this place if you care about your health.

I'm reviewing the buffet, not the menu.
It's a buffet I recommend especially if you look for their groupon.
Great selection for a lunch buffet and everything is delicious.
My personal favorite is the chicken tikka masala but that's my favorite Indian dish anywhere.
The garlic naan is top notch as well in all it's fantastic value for the buffet.
Service is friendly too it is a mom and pop shop so the owners handle everything.
I gave it four stars instead of five because of my own taste preferences.
Everything seemed to be too spicey for my liking and nothing is labeled spicy so it can be a surprise.
Also to be entirely honest I have had better-tasting Indian cuisine but i will admit it was almost twice as much in cost and they do not have Kohnoor's selection.
The atmosphere is also a bit dimly lit for a restaurant but most other Indian restaurants I've been to are also dimly lit so this could be a cultural thing.
In all it did not wow me inside but it is very clean and nothing looks old so it is a place you could bring someone, though it is a shame there is so much construction outside and the neighborhood around doesn't look nice as a result.
In summary all my negatives are purely subjective.
I will be coming back here and I recommend you try it too.

Used a LivingSocial coupon on the weekend for their lunch buffet.
Greeted when we walked thru the door and were offered any seat in the house.
They had my husband's favorite, chana masala, along with spinach, cheese, tandoori chicken, tikka masala, curry chicken, butter chicken.
& 2 types of rice and some desserts.
A fragrant spicy flavor to each.
I didn't care for the dahl; the lentils tasted burnt.
The eggplant dish tasted sour.
The pakoras were all potatoes.
The chicken dishes fell off the bone.
The naan was slightly too but still good.
Our server hovered way too much and it became a little annoying by the end of the meal.
He insisted that we had to buy a drink with the meal at which point we carefully read the coupon.
He got nervous and said it was ok not to purchase a drink.
We didn't like the pressure.
He also kept mentioned that the place was open everyday including a nice Mother's Day buffet.
Despite that, we will go again for the tasty food and just know that this guy will bug us.

After having been to a few different Indian restaurants in the valley, I'd say that this one is one of the better ones!
Their buffet offers a quite a few vegetarian options including curries & samosas; they have 4 or 5 different kinds of chicken options - chicken curry, chicken tikka masala, karahi chicken, etc.
along with egg curry.
The best part is that with the buffet, you can also get naan, a plate of chaat, & mango lassi.
The food is a little bit on the spicy side but it's really tasty.
As with pretty much all buffets, the desserts aren't that great, a little bit surprising considering that they sell them in bulk.
The highlights are definitely the mango lassi, naan, chicken tikka masala, & chaat!
I will go back for those every time!

Got the incredible Groupon of dinner buffet at $5 each person.
Figured we couldn't go wrong, even if it wasn't great.
Well, have no fear.
It's one of the most extensive Indian buffets (and at dinner!
) that I may ever had.
Some 20 oz beers to go along, made it a great time.
And the owner was incredibly courteous and accommodating for the four of us, too.
My only wish - as a non-meat eater, I would have loved a fish dish along with the vegetarian (and some fully vegan) dishes.Now it will be my go to place when going to Tempe and worth the 25 minute drive even without an excuse.

Nice place and really nice owners!
The chaat and dessert/sweets are just awesome.
However, too many times overcharging errors leave a bad taste.

I love spicy food and they did not disappoint.
Food was very spicy and tasty.
The owner is very friendly and explained all of the different foods to us.

