Edited as of July 16, 2010 to make this a 5 star rating.
I did not change anything else in this entry.
So my little car's getting on in years, but I can't part with it because...well, I don't like the bodies of the new benzes.
I'll stick to my 2002 until MB makes a body that I like.
They're due out for a new one anyway - it's been almost 10 years.
Anyway, I've taken my little car to different MB dealerships for servicing and have never been happy with what I had found and the work they charged.
Back in June I knew I needed to get quite a few things done for the car given her age...and I knew it was going to be cost a very hefty penny.
I got quotes from other MB dealerships (Chandler and Phoenix) that made me nearly think about just buying a new car to not have to pay up like that.
Then somehow, my web research pointed me to here...and what an awesome place this is.
I flew back into the country and the next day I had them fixing the car.
To make things even better, they gave me a free loaner.
I didn't have to worry about forking over extra $$ to get a rental.
For people who no longer want to pay dealership prices to maintain your benz, this place is for you.
It's professional and they use only genuine MB parts.
Additionally, they've lowered their labor rates 11% to help in these economic times!
I know I'll be taking my car back here very soon!

It only took one trip to this small, family-owned shop to realize we'd be customers for life.
My 1987 Mercedes was sick and the "other guys" wanted to charge me over $1k for a part that "would probably solve the problem.
" I wanted a second opinion from a German specialist and found this place after reading scanned-in handwritten testimonials on their website.
This is my only car, but I was in luck since they had loaners!
24 hours and a $200 engine coil later, the Benz was happy again.
When you go in or call you'll most likely speak to Vivan- she's in charge.
She can talk car problems with you, but isn't afraid to say when she needs to get more information from her sons- she'll even let you talk to them directly if it's not busy.
She has several loaner cars to borrow (all older Mercedes) if you agree to her rules (have insurance, no smoking, fill it up with gas before returning).
Nothing fancy or good looking, but a godsend when you need to get to work and don't live in the Tempe/Scottsdale area.
Mike and Ron are the mechanics- I let my fiance talk all the "car business" with them and he loves every second of it.
These guys are serious Mercedes enthusiasts and love to talk tech.
We've been in for several wear n' tear replacements, and you can always see your old parts.
One time they brought them out to us without even asking just to show how insanely worn the front end was!
Every time you take your car in they'll inspect it, but won't push any extra services.
When we pick the car up, Vivian prepares a written estimate for any issues they found- complete with analysis of how urgent the issue is: get fixed ASAP/safety issue, not mandatory, cheap to do the next time you get the ______ worked on, just do it yourself, etc.
Since then we've gotten some of the work done and are leaving other work for when we have a pile of money- when we did get work done based on a prior estimate, the amount was always within a few dollars.
No matter what age or shape your car is in, Vivan and her sons will take great care of it.
They're affordable, honest, up front, and great to do business with.
On top of that, you get to support a local, family-owned business.

I am going to have to go back and make my previous 4 star review into a 5 star one.
Vivian and her sons at Myers' Star really do blow everyone out of the water.
I had taken my car in to Chandler Mercedes because the AC was blowing hot air.
After they took my car apart (and charged me close to $300 for it) they gave me a quote to fix my AC for $1100 on top of disassembling my car!
So $1400 (not inc tax) to get me through a hot summer.
I said I'd think about it...and made an appointment with Vivian.
$1100 later, I got the same top quality service I may have gotten at the MB dealership, but with one BIG difference - MB said my AC was busted.
Vivian's crew said my AC just needed to be SERVICED.
I got my spark plugs changed, AC serviced and my service B done as well as some minor repairs for the nice tidy sum of $1137.
The man who worked on my car, Derek, talked me through what was really wrong with my air conditioning.
I wasn't talking to a customer service guy.
I was talking to the man who actually worked on my car!
I liked that.
See the difference?
The quality and work is just as good, if not better than any of the MB dealerships.
Forget ever going to the dealership - come to Vivian instead.
Not only was everyone friendly and courteous, but they have complimentary loaners providing you have insurance.
It's not guaranteed they will always have a loaner, but I've been able to get one the times I've been there.
All Vivian asks is that you fill up the tank.
All I ask is that you put premium fuel in it if it says so - she's not charging you for the loaner, ok?
This is one local business I feel that is truly exceptional in the area.
If you have a MB (or BMW or Audi), come to Myers Star - you will not be disappointed by the service or prices.
What I fully appreciated was in the two times I've brought my car here, there is a detailed list at the end of the invoice with recommendations and pricing of what should be done so you can plan your budget accordingly.
Thank you, Vivian and everyone at Myers' Star Independent MB Service for making my girl happy and purring like the Benz she is.

The crew at Myer Star is amazing.
I have taken my merc here for years and they have taken amazing care of it for pennies.
From oil changes to replacing the shifting arm - didn't even know I had one, they are always immediate and the prices are fair.
The also have a back up car for you, when yours in the shop.
I absolutely love these guys and though I equate teeth pulling with having to taking my car in, they are a joy to go to.
Get your car to Myer Star!

Best in the area!

My son was looking to buy a used mercedes for his first car and was very nervous about the possible repairs he might be facing.
The wonderful staff at Myers European was so very helpful and looked over the car, outlining every thing by detail so he would know exactly what he was getting into.
They outlined a full maintenance program for him, were very honest with him about the pros and cons, and all in all helped him make the best decision in buying the car.
Thank you so much!

I would give Myers European 10 stars if it would let me.
I bought my 2001 S500 in 2008, and shortly after, a coworker who owns a 280 SLK asked me if I had a repair shop in mind.
I said "well no, do you have someone?
" He gave me Vivian's number and told me I'd be an idiot to go anywhere else.
I had gone to the dealer once, but after getting this referral, no one else has touched my Benz since.
Every repair or service has been done right the first time, and the cost (whether warranty or not) has been more than fair and expeditious.
Last year, Vivian fought my warranty company in my best interest to not allow them to replace using a rebuilt front strut on my car- she argued with and got them to pay for a new one!
This last repair, my dash cluster went out and I had no instrumentation (my warranty expired).
Ron told me it was under a recall, and to call the dealer.
Unfortunately, I was a year past the deadline, and the dealer said "too bad, so sad, but we have one on the shelf for $1650 + labor".
I called Ron back and he gave me the option of sending mine out for rebuild, and said the company they use is extremely reputable.
I don't normally like to rebuild, but I trust Myers.
For $600, they removed, shipped, and repaired & reinstalled my dash cluster, and it is just as good as new!
Vivian even gave me a discount for paying cash!
I can't gush enough about my experiences with Myers European, and even though the thought of repairing a Benz can be scary, Myers makes maintenance and repairs much more affordable and infinitely more reliable.
As long as I have Myers, I can upkeep my Benz without worry of getting ripped off like all the dealers and traditional car repair shops around Phoenix.
To boot, Vivian is an absolute SWEETHEART!

I took my 2000 S500 Mercedes to Myers European for 4 years.
I developed a good relationship with Vivian and her sons the mechanics.
Though my car had lots of repairs done over that time, they always fixed each problem perfectly as they came up.
The prices charged were reasonable.
I was always confident they would repair the problem properly.
They always took their time to answer all my questions so that I understood what was being done and why, as this is always important to me.
I would recommend Myers for your Mecedes service and repair without hesitation.

I have a 2001 Benz S500, and a coworker told me he takes his Benz to Myers, and said "don't take yours anywhere else" and he was right.
Vivian is my Benz Repair Mom now, and her sons are the best german car repairmen in the state.
Myers makes owning a Benz much more affordable- I could document the multiple times they've saved me hundreds of dollars and first time accurate diagnoses compared to the dealerships, but you get the message.
You can take your car there and never worry about being lied to, overcharged, undercared for, or having to take it back until it's done right.
In the 5 years they've serviced or repaired my car, I've had not one single issue with them.
In fact, I'm looking for a convertible as a second car, and would only consider a BMW knowing Myers can fix those too.
Of course I'd really like another Benz!
Either way, Vivian and her sons will go over any prospective next car I buy and tell me exactly what I'm getting for the money, which certainly adds to my confidence of purchasing and owning long term down the road.

I lost everything, including my new Mercedes during the great real estate crash, I ended up living with my daughter and paying $2500.
For a 1990 S class with 150K  I had to have a car big enough like an S class because I'm handicapped and need room.
I had to have a repair and a servicing and on a tight budget, and several folks recommended Myers.
They were great, fixed the A/C relay switch for 1/3 the price MB quoted me, and gave me a FREE older Benz to drive for a day while mine was in the shop, the lady in charge fully understood my plight, and said she was doing all she and her family could to go the extra mile to help old and new friends make it through these hard times.
I recently bought (rewarded myself) with a stunning R-350 and had it serviced at Myers .
The labor is costly but still comes in below a new Benz shop!
but I feel the thing that really matters is having trust in the call the tech makes on your car, and just knowing you are getting only what you really need.
I asked for a full inspection, knowing in advance my car was already recently certified, and sure enough I was told I had a very healthy vehicle with no problems.
THAT is a very valuable asset !

I had Myers recommended from a friend for my BMW and went to them for 3 years, trusting them completely (mostly because of Vivian's great way with customers) but recently found that I had been duped.
After having my rear brakes done a couple of weeks ago, I just happened to check with the auto shop that I had previously dealt with and found I had been charged double!
If I hadn't needed a whell allignment which Myers doesn't do, I never would have stumbled on their overpricing.
If only I had checked around instead of just trusting pleasant Vivian!
While they are certainly less costly and better than the dealer, they are not the only shop in town.
If it weren't for Vivian, they wouldn't have half the customers they have.
Their explanation to my enquiry of why did they charge double was, "they are in the accepted range.
" Checking the price of the parts and labour at a very reputable shop was HALF the cost so before you go there - check out other places!
I think the sons took over the shop and someone is getting a little greedy.
They also quoted me $135 to replace an a/c vent which I have now found the part on ebay for $30.
Rear brakes costed me at Myers $625 vs $350 at the other shop using manufacturer's recommended after mkt parts.
Good luck!

Great place.
Was nervous to go and get my car repairs done being female i know that auto dealers could just have their way with me and cheat me.
Vivienne was amazing and even picked me up from my hotel around the corner.
The prices were fair and i was thrilled to get my car back with the several repairs i needed.
I will be going back to them when i get more money to get the other recommended repairs done.
Another repair that i went to wanted to charge me a ton for the oil change, but vivienne's prices were better.
I will be back there.

