This place is a nice little surprise next to the gym I recently started working out at.
It's .
quaint, but the people there are friendly enough and the drinks and smoothies are surprisingly tasty.
I am sipping back on a protein berry something or other right now that is on point.
They do things a little differently over here than at your local Jamba Juice.
They allow you to choose a base (soy, yogurt, etc.
), a flavor, and then a boost to mix in, making it sort of a do-it-yourself version of its counterpart.
There is also a wide selection of protein blends and pills to use as supplements for workouts, but, frankly I don't trust those things all that much.
Anything that engineered can't be that healthy for you, regardless of their claims of being naturally occurring or whatever.
I bet that's what they told Barry over at Balco, too.
There is a tanning salon attached that I also skip by.
For pretty much the same reasons as I skip the supplements.
Engineered sunlight can't be a good thing in heavy doses, no matter how you spin it.
All in all, a good place to stop in and use their internet (did I mention it also doubles as an internet cafe?
) and sip on something before you head home.

So, I had been looking for a tanning salon near ASU that wasn't quite as expensive as Sunchain.
I noticed the sign along Scottsdale Road that said "TANNING $19.95/MONTH," and thought what the hell, why not?
I stopped in one evening, and the guy that helped me was so friendly and explained everything about their tanning beds and prices.
This place actually has 12 tanning beds, both stand-up and lay-down, that are not old pieces of junk.
They are actually really cool!
They have built in radios, and extra functions, and the place is very clean.
Their prices make perfect sense too.
They have three levels of packages you can buy: a $20, $40 and a $60?
( I can't remember the price for the higher one.
) and all are good for 31 days of unlimited tanning.
They also sell all kinds of tanning lotion, and although I don't really like using that stuff, I know it is expensive, and the guy assured me that they sell it for cheaper than most tanning salons.
You don't need an appointment to come in, and there is never a wait.
I am very happy that I decided to stop in here, and I think that more people should know about this tanning salon, since it is kind of hidden in a weird shopping plaza.
SO, if you are sick of paying nonsense "membership fees," "activation fees", etc....just drive a little bit farther south on Scottsdale Road and check out One Stop Nutrition!

This place is a perfect model for retail customer service, It's hands down the best supplement/vitamin shop you will ever find in the area.
When you walk into a GNC or a Hi-health store you will typically find 1 employee running the store who is usually behind the desk reading a book or magazine who if you're lucky might greet you when you walk in the door.
The best is when you have an 65 yr old lady attempting to talk to you about working out and Creatine supplements.
Not to mention all these other retail stores are much more expensive!!
This place is a breath of fresh air for anyone who purchases supplements and doesn't always have the time to research product before coming in.
I consider myself knowledgeable when it comes to health supplements but this guys really really know what they are talking about!!!
You can tell they take pride in what they do and will have no problem answering your questions and giving you there full attention.
Best part is there smoothie selection, its amazing and has something for you no matter what type of diet your on from Mass Gainers, Low Carb, Meal Replacements amongst others I've not not tried while having the typical add in that other place offer(ginseng, multi-vitamin, energy boost).
Hats off to the owner for what he's created here!
As someone has mentioned previously, he typically buys his product off Amazon which is great, however these people supply me with the best customer service, the most up to date product information, and having no problem stopping what they are doing as soon as I walk into the store to assist me.
They have earned my business for life and I will supportgood local businesses, I have no problem spending a few extra dollars to do so.

the smoothies are delicious here and the staff has good advice on protein powders!

Overall this place has been consistent with its quality and service.
I am a huge fan of their pre/post work out shakes.
They usually use ISOPURE protein which is one of the best qualities on the market.
They are usually great tasting and I appreciate the loyalty cards.
They are a bit pricey but nowhere near the outrageous amounts I pay for a similar drink in the Bay Area.
In regards to supplements, I find that they have a well in depth knowledge of the products they carry.
Prices are competitive however sometimes I have heard they try to match prices online, sometimes they are unable to.
I have to say the continued friendliness of the staff will still allow myself to stop by whenever I am in the neighborhood.

The staff is very friendly and knowledgable  about all of supplements they carry.
They also have great prices on tanning (I don't tan, but know people who do!).
The prices on supplements here are often more inexpensive than you will find other places and they have DELICIOUS protein shakes of many different varieties depending on your wants/needs of a shake-- yummy flavors, too!

I love this place.
I have been to several locations and the service has been awesome at all of them.
They are really helpful and informative as well.

Holy health freak gods!
Hi, my name is Karina and I'm addicted to One Stop Nutrition!
This place is awesome!
I was introduced to it by a friend, and I always make sure I go here for all of my vitamin needs.
The staff seems to be really knowledgeable on all their products, and they have a great selection of different supplements.
They also have a smoothie bar where you can put whatever your little heart desires in a delicious smoothie, protein shake, liquid power...whatever you want to call it!

I needed a supplement to improve concentration and focus.
They provided some great options.
Also had an excellent chocolate latte low carb meal replacement shake that tasted excellent.

I went here fro the first time after my workout yesterday.
I took one look at the smoothie menu and had no idea what was going on (I usually make my own).
The guys working were really helpful and friendly.
I know the fitness industry can sometimes have a rep for being intimidating, but that was not the case here.
While I was not shopping on this visit I did look around and they definitely had a large selection of items.
I would definitely go back here for smoothies or supplements!

Went in there to redeem my coupons for the BOGO free smoothie.
When I asked the worker whats all in strawberry banana smoothie his response was a simple "uhh strawberries and bananas dude.
" Everyone who works in here is your typical gym rat and will give you the stink eye if you don't lift as much as them.
Poor customer service, decent at best smoothies.

I recently started dropping in this place a once or twice a week since I live close by and smoothies have been a godsend w/the chemo getting pumped through my body.
Honestly, I pretty much stick to the "nutritional shakes" which are just a base (I always go through w/non-fat yogurt) and a flavor (I mix it up amongst the different fruits they have).
One time I did ask the guy helping me about some of the the shakes  that added boosts/supplements and how I might benefit (or have a negative reaction) to those things while going through chemo.
He was helpful (although I'm sticking to the nutritional shakes from here on out since my taste buds seem to like the basic yogurt/fruit combo with nothing else).
I also think it's nice that you have a variety of bases to choose from w/your shake (soy, almond milk, yogurt, etc...).
I don't take advantage of the rest of the store, but it looks like they have a large variety of supplements, vitamins, etc.
This area doesn't have any other place like this close by so it's nice that there's a store that sells these products in the area.
They also have tanning beds.
Not sure how the pricing is compared to other places (it's been years since I've fake & baked), but it's nice that you can your tan & nutritional needs all in one location.
I may only take advantage of one small facet of One Stop Nutrition, but I'm definitely a big fan of there smoothies.

It looks like this place has a lot to offer, training, nutrition, smoothies.
Today must have been an off day, unless this is just how business is conducted here, but I was never greeted, never acknowledged by the worker right in front of my face and felt completely overlooked.
I understand there are other customers to be helped but a simple hello, I will be with you shortly would have sufficed.

many locations but my favorite is on scottsdale road because Matt (owner) is the man!
very knowledgable and will hook you up.
i have been getting the pina colada with peanut butter shake there for years and it is unrivaled in flavor!
great selection of supplements!

I LOVE this place!
They offer a punch card and I think if I actually dug through my purse and car to add them up, I'd clean them out.
There are a few one-stops in the valley but this spot is for sure my favorite.
The staff is fun, knowledgable & friendly (not to mention easy on the eyes ;)   I'm a creature of habit, so I always get the slimmer, almond milk, wildberry & add greens.. Soooo good!
My energy level is threw the roof, I feel like I should run a quick 10k afterwards, but the whole 115* degrees outside promptly brings me back to reality.
I've bought a few vitamins & odd/ends here but can't get enough of the smoothies!
I have all my friends hooked.. A must try!

