It was a dawdling day off for us 'non-traditional' workers.
After a relaxing lunch at Green and some browsing at East Side, I felt like just sitting somewhere and looking at stuff.
I had heard nothing but good things about Ash Avenue Comics, but when I am around this hood it tends to be around breakfast for 3 roots or throwing up dinner at Caseys-not the magical 5 something time.
We walked around the corner and a friendly lil sign told us they'd be back in a moment, went to Wet Paint next door and scored some brown pens, then back over to Ash.
Coming, it was lovely.
Cool air, no weird boy smell (ladies know what i'm sayin), spacious, well-lit, well organized and good music playing.
A comfortable, ADULT space?
I saw mostly mainstream comics first, but then came across graphic novel anthologies from like the Smithsonian and some hardcover lovelies...then more hard cover from Fantagraphics and Drawn & Quarterly....And then finally to my right I saw the individual indies.
Drew helped me out finding the latest Optic Nerve and then I noticed this beautiful new series...and he helped me make sense of the confusing serial-structure-and my friend who barely looks at comics was PSYCHED about this place and we negotiated our purchases.
I haven't been excited about a comic store in a while, where I feel I could come in, be surprised about something fanboys won't slobber over, and find something new.
Only negative is some seating would be nice?
Hmmmm?

Right now this is my favorite comics shop.
I don't like mainstream comics very much and they have a good selection of indie stuff.
They also have a lot of of graphic novels (which I prefer over single issues) and a lot of artist sketchbooks.
The staff has always been friendly, helpful, and easy to chat with.

Not a bad substitute for All About Books and Comics.
Probably the second best comics shop in Phoenix-Valley.
It has sort of the same vibe to it as AABC but with a trendier younger crowd as its next to ASU.
Non-crampy and good layout.
Comics are in good condition and there are plenty of back issues.
The sales staff were helpful but not pushy.
At the same time, they were not really friendly and you had no interest getting to know these people on a personal level.
I definitely recommend them over Atomic Comics for their service and over Samurai for their space.
Still, it's no match for AABC.
Although close, their volumeof back issues is still lacking compared to AABC and in regards to new issues, you better get there that first week because they don't order enough new issues.

My only complaint about this place is that they NEVER open on time.
One time I psyched myself up and I was like, "Okay, Sunday...
I'm buying a comic," and they opened like an hour late.
I assumed they were out of business so I went home and I was going to call and see if I got a message that said they were sorry, but unfortunately closed due to blah blah blah.
Someone answered, to my shock, so I biked my ass down there and finally got me some comics.
It's not that big of a deal because I'm lazy too.
I know how it goes.
Plus, Casey Moore's is right there.
I used my idle time to have a couple beers.
It's a cool place.
If you don't know what to get, ask the dude working at the register what you're into and you'll leave the store with an obscure comic you've never heard of but in the end are glad you finally learned about it.
I bought two comics... one, a comedic, indie masterpiece called The Fart Party, which I thought was the FRAT Party until I got home.
I'm glad it's fart because I don't like frats much, but farting is normal, human and appeals to my inner immaturity.
The second comic I bought was called Dogs & Water which is a surreal journey into I don't even know what the fuck.
It was awesome, though.
It's great to browse, too.
I used to be a huge Spider-Man fan when I was in my youth and spent a good hour looking at Spider-Man comics and parts of an incomplete series I had when I was like twelve.
So good.
I'm going to be back and, by God, I'm gonna get me some Spider-Man comics.

Good place.
Knowledgeable staff.
Only complaint is they didn't have all the issues from the Wed. new comic day on Friday.
I keep reading about still having stuff on the shelf...but I wasn't able to get about 4 issues from the weeks releases.
That disappointed me a little.
The subscription plan as described to me...not the worst I've heard about in the area thus far...but not the best I've experienced (Acme Comics in Normal, IL had a better program and is becoming the watermark for how I judge a subscription program).
Good place, definitely worth a visit.

Ash Avenue Comics is a great alternative to Atomic Comics and other big name stores..Its probably the best comic book store in the East Valley.
I won't drive all the way to All About Books and Comics in Phoenix so this is my go to place.
I have only 2 issues:  #1: They are NEVER open on time!
Which is fine because I get off work early on Fridays and head there on the way home..
But they are supposed to open at Noon not 12:30 as it seems to happen most weeks.
This has been the situation with 2 guys who have worked on Fridays..Seriously when your sign says you open at noon please be open at noon.
#2: They don't carry enough current issues.
The good points are that the staff is friendly but not persistent and they allow you to browse the comics.
I could never read comics like that at Atomic..

I would give Ash Avenue Comics 5 stars, except that they don't open promptly at noon.
On new release day I don't want to be waiting to buy my favorite comics.
However, it's easy to find the newly released comics and previous week's releases.
The staff knows what's good and can recommend you to the top writer's of the genre.
I've never been disappointed...except when I had to wait for the doors to open.

5 stars?
Hell yeah!
Why?
I have found myself many times wandering the streets with boredom and end up inside Ash and I leave feeling completely satisfied.
I always always buy something.
I love how there is such a wide selection.
Not just Super hero or anime.
Lot's of local comics and Drew is super nice!
If something isn't there he will order it for me if he can.
Knowledgeable and friendly.
The location is where it's at man.
You can grab a coffee at Cartel and bring it into Ash without having to worry about someone getting all pissy about having liquids too close to the comics.
I have literally spent hundreds of dollars here and never regretted it.
Sure I can't eat for a week but who needs food when you have all the issues of Optic Nerve to feed your soul?
I know it's weird to ask a building to be my boyfriend, but will you?
I already have one but he won't mind.
I can have two can't I??
Please??

What a cool comic book shop.
The store is seriously just one big room with rows of comic books, old school style.
That makes me happy on the inside!
When I was in Phoenix for business I was drawn in from afar because we were waiting on a ride back to the hotel anyway.
Guy that was working there was super nice and knew a ton about comics so he was able to help a friend of mine who was not well versed buy something for her boyfriend.
I don't know what else to tell you except it's a great store!

In a sea of comic book stores that are going out of business Ash Avenue Comics has weathered the storm.
This shop is so much like the ones I used to love as a kid.
Comics and merchandise stretch from floor to ceiling.
Unlike the stores I used to visit as a kid though the store is well lit, doesn't smell like BO and the staff is both knowledgeable and friendly.

Their new location is better laid out then the old one but the customer service is always top notch.
Been coming here for years every Friday for our traditional "Comics and Coffee (at very nearby Cartel Coffee Lab) Friday "!

This is my favorite place to get comic books for my classroom and myself!
I've been coming here for the past 12 years and am a lifelong devotee of Ash Ave Comics.
The sweet staff finds me books that are engaging, funny, and appropriate for my vast swath of readers (not always an easy task at my school).
They also have great suggestions for my real adult life.
No elite snobbery for my sometimes naive or silly comic books tastes.
The new location is a piece of fine art!
Tempe's Coolest Sales Counter.

why can't they open on time?
decent selection but nothing to write home about.
they were pleasant enough.

I was in town for business and needed some plane reading for my trip back.
Service was excellent and I was able to find a few books my local store didn't have.
Yay!!
For filling holes in collections.

Great selection of books.
They keep good hours and the staff is cool as hell.
Tasty pizza next door.
Their Facebook page posts new releases and new shelf stock every Tuesday.
They have a pretty good selection of half off boxes of older titles too to scratch that junk food itch.
A comic book store's comic book store.

