I had greater hopes for Little Szechuan over the nearby Mr. Hunan as the latter is simply a carry out joint.
However, despite the nice colorful dining room, the food at Little Szechuan was fairly bland.
I suppose theoretically these two Chinese joints specialize in the regional cuisine of their names, but there is little difference in menu or taste.
One thing I will say is that my waitress was extraordinarily nice at Little Szechuan.
I was studying Arabic at the time and we had a really friendly, fun conversation about language.
She helped make an incredibly dull meal an actually rewarding experience.

Even though I'm Chinese American, I'm not that bad of a "Chinese Food" snob.
I've eaten my share of "bad" Chinese Food at buffets, cafeterias, and even the garbage I try to make at home.
Sometimes, eating out is all about "MPD" -- Mass Per Dollar -- where can I fill my belly the most by paying the least.
Little Szechuan is the closet neighborhood Chinese restaurant, however I've been too scared to eat here.
Why?
From the outside, it looks like a porn shop.
(Can I say that here?
)  It is a freestanding nondescript white brick building with all the windows blacked out, and no menu posted at the door.
I like to look thru the windows before entering a place, so I at least know what I'm getting myself into.
The only identifying thing about the outside of the restaurant is their sign.
They just installed a new sign, which looks exactly like the old sign, but different color.
But both signs exclaimed, "Open since 1976.
"  Is that a good thing or a bad thing?
Most Chinese restaurants are family owned and operated, with high staff turnover rates.
If you have a successful restaurant, you may move on to Bigger and Better things, fix up your old place, or sell your business to someone else.
Is this porn shop Chinese Restaurant circa 1970s some hidden Tempe gem of an institution?
And what does it mean that only one other Yelper has reviewed this restaurant in its 30 year history?
I finally convinced a friend to go with me.
He told me to get used to the porn shop aesthetics, because there are plenty of other places in AZ that look like this.
Its not about privacy, he assured me, its about that gosh darn summer Sun.
Thus, I was comforted with the inside of the building, because it had the look and feel of the Chinese Restaurants I know and love  in the SF Bay Area.
1970s wood paneled walls, "Orientalized" promotional knicknacks from Bud or Tsingtao, and other Asian artwork.
I chatted with the friendly server, who informed me that she moved to AZ from China to attend ASU in the early 1970s, and eventually opened the restaurant after graduating.
Indeed, there was history in this restaurant and on the walls.
The menu had a lot of choices, including lunch specials.
Did we find a hidden gem?
Our first dish, Mu Shu Vegetables were great, so we remained hopeful for our main dishes.
Then, our hopes were dashed.
The Hunan Beef was spicy (actually, too spicy for me, but I'm a wimp), but the sauce had a weird texture, flavor, and color.
Their House Special Chow Mein was very unspecial, and I forgot what was wrong with the homemade dumplings.
Needless to say, I did not finish my dinner nor did I bring leftovers home.
What a rollercoaster!
--Looks bad from outside --Looks nicer inside --Food terrible --Service nice and friendly.
The restaurant seems to have regular customers, and I applaud them.
Maybe the restaurant makes some other dishes really great, or they like the ambiance, or whatever.
I may try one of their lunch rice plates someday if I'm desperate, but alas, I'm still hunting for the best hole-in-the-wall Tempe Chinese Restaurant.

I used to eat here every few weeks and I really enjoyed it.
I'm no connoisseur of Chinese food, but this place is far and away more authentic, at least, than the American chain places, and the prices are really affordable.
The service is great and the menu substantial.
Try the Sun Devil Chicken, if they still have it on the menu.
A bit spicy, but I always enjoyed it.

Big Trouble in Little Szechuan would be too harsh a review  and  it's not worthy  of a great wail but  I was totally underwhelmed by the food on offer and food wise it seriously is   a step above the mall food court  but   even a Pei Way on a good day  is more than a match for this evening's meal.
Staff are great but  everything else is pretty weak other than the noodles which are really really good.
The spring roll, egg, hot  and sour soup and  the  kung pao all look the part but  it's all monotonous  with little variation in texture and taste.
E.g you could  make this from  Walmart  ingredients and get the same kinda shiny sauce for about the same cost     It's not going to kill you and for lunch at a reduced rate may get to 2.5 to 3 but  there's just way too many good places nearby to consider this as a repeat visit.

Nice service, real Chinese people, nice interior - nothing special but nice.
OK I have lived in Sichuan Province.
Why they are Little Sichuan I don't know.
Please note I am spelling Sichuan Correctly using Pin Yin.
This place's food does not even remotely taste like Sichuan Food.
The appearance does not look like Sichuan Food, and the Smell is nothing like Sichuan food.
I asked them in Chinese if they could make my food Ma-La, which is numbingly hot.
I did not ask for La si ren (kill people hot).
Just if they do make Sichuan Food they would be able to do this.
OK, they could not do and I appreciate the honesty of their telling me.
I ordered Chicken Eggplant.
Nothing to it, not prepared correctly and the chicken was stringy and dry.
Yum YUm!!!
OK I did not get sick + 10 hours from lunch.
Now I ordered some dumplings.
Well I took one bite and did not eat another.
The meat tasted strange and I thought someone has put soap in my mouth.
I have eaten dumplings in China all over the place, in USA and I have to say, those where .....no good.
When they would not give me my money back for the dumplings (cold, late, and soapy) i decided next time I'd go to the culture center...  For people to say Authentic etc.
I'd just say, Sorry you don't know what you are talking about.
More authentic than fast food places?
They do have Chinese Fast food places in China too.
Fast Food Hong Kong tastes like fast food Chinese in USA.
Go to the Chinese cultural center on the 40's block in Phoenix if you want anything even close to Sichuan.
I know some people will have issue with me on all this.
that is OK. You won't die here as far as I know, but clearly they are not even Little Szechuan.
yi dien dien Sichuan  (little little) Sichuan.

The menu here is hit or miss, but when it hits, it definitely hits.
I'd recommend trying the spicy eggplant and the veggie mu shu.
the mu shu remains my favorite of almost everywhere i've ever eaten - and i got around chinatown in chicago, believe you me.
the rest of the menu that i've tried is average-to-good, but those two dishes really are worth a visit, especially at lunch time.
the restaurant itself?
i love the unintentionally kitschy aspect of it.
the superfriendly staff have been there a long, long time, and have obviously decorated how they want to see it.
after ducking in there every couple months while going to school down the street, it started to feel like my second living room.

I had a craving for chinese and wanted something in a pinch.
I was looking for cheap but good.
I found Little Szechuan.
It was a short drive from my boyfriend's and still open on a Sunday night.
I think the price for the food was set high for the amount of food we got.
The service was also great.
The lady behind the counter was very nice.
She offered me water while I waited for my take out.
I didn't have to wait long.
I ordered chicken fried rice, orange chicken and crab puffs.
The crab puffs were a bit on the skimpy side, but tasted good.
The fried rice was a little dry and the orange chicken was cooked well.
There are a few other chinese restaurants I want to try, but I'll keep it on my list of possible places to go back to if I really want chinese.

I reather enjoy this place.
The food is overall pretty damn decent and it's not expensive.
The crab puffs are really good.
I wanted to crawl inside of it, camp for three days and eat my way out like a tarantula wasp larva, but I had work....
It goes without saying, but the service is incredible.
Everyone mentions it.
The lady who works there gave me soup on the house simply because my girlfriend ordered a meal with it and I didn't and didn't want me to be lonely and without something to eat.
That's rad.
As I was leaving she also gave us free cookies.
Fuck yeah!
Each time I've been here, there've been loud-as-hell people for some reason.
One time I went and there must've been, a World of Warcraft convention in town or something because there was a table full of kids with plastic battleaxes telling jokes with such punchlines as, "Wookie bowcaster," and "Purple light sabers!

Two thumbs up for yet another dive here in town.
This little place is located directly across from Oreganos so the next time you find yourself waiting in an endless line there, look across the street and you'll find some delicious Chinese food!
We found this place after attempting to go to Oreganos and were delightfully surprised.
It is a stand-alone restaurant--not part of a strip mall.
The decor is tacky and gaudy, but there is a warmth there because the family who owns and operates the place makes you feel welcome from the start.
The food was very good.
I had the moo shu pork and my son had chicken lo mein.
The lo mein noodles are homemade and are thick!
The moo shu was well done and the owner hand wrapped them for me herself.
We also had the BoBo platter which is their version of PuPu and it was the typical fare but just seemed more fresh tasting.
Everything was served piping hot which as we all know is a rarity in restaurants these days.
Everything was flavorful and delicious.
The service was excellent.
The owner is sweet and kind and her son is the cook.
They did great work and the next time I go to Gammage, I'm making a point to hit up Little Szechuan for our meal!

Stuck in Phoenix for the night and we headed out to eat at a Mexican restaurant that happened to be closed being a Sunday.
I checked Yelp and saw the reviews for this place were decent.
When we walked in the hostess/owner was very nice.
The decor a little dumpy and the lighting bright so far from romantic or cozy.
Tsingtao beer was nice and cold.
We were starving so ordered a combo appetizer.
Pretty good but not great.
Than had a couple entrees.
Kung pao beef was brutally bad.
Inedible.
Shrimp in lobster sauce was decent.
A little bland but the ingredients fresh and the shrimp quality.
Overall if your in the area and craving Chinese I would give it a shot.
Owner operated.
Lots of locals so maybe it's the only game in town and they know what to order.
From what I hear if Mucho Gusto is open across the street (Mexican), skip this place.
The Thai food place across the street is supposed to be good too.

A great little take out spot or dine in,  the folks who work here are beyond nice and really make you feel comfortable, should you chose to dine in, the interior reminds me of....hmmmm...got it: the scene in casino where Robert DeNiro tails Sharon Stone to a diner wherein she is meeting her former lover/pimp James Woods.
DeNiro sits down and chats with the two akwardly before dragging Woods outside and beating his ass to a bloody pulp.
Consequently i am always leery that someone will stroll inside sit at my booth, grab my crab puff take a bite out of it, and then proceed to give me the James Woods treatment.
ANYWAYS Little szechuan, or as that pretentious douche "PV from Portland" calls it little little Sichuan, is a tasty cheap and campy little restaurant great for lunch or dinner with an easy location along university  as mentioned previous the crab puffs and sun devil chicken are phenom, the kung pao beef wasnt too bad either i love little szechuan, but -* cause they never seem to be open when i try to eat there 8-(

I usually order take out here and usually it is good.
I SAY that lightly.
Recently, I was craving chinese and figured hey- this place is usually good why not try it out as a sit down?
My boyfriend and I went on our long travel.. approx 5 minutes down the road and sat down.
The hostess was really sweet.
And got our drink order and refills quickly.
They had a vast beer selection which the boyfriend LOVED.
His  beer was ice cold just the way he likes it.
We ordered.
We first got our soups.
Mine was pretty good.
He liked his.
That is where things hit the fan.
The eggrolls were satisfactory.
I make better ones.
Secondly, the crab puffs which I asked intially if they used any or fake crab  they said- No just cream cheese which I thought was great until I cracked it open.
Had FAKE crab, which will end me up in Tempe St. Lukes quicker than  Tempe PD arresting an underage drinker.
Then our dishes arrived already hungry from the teaser of a soup.
I got the beef and broccoli that was tough.
My boyfriend got the orange beef which I thought was significantly better... even cold.
So over all everything minus the crab puff incident.
It was a 4 star place.
But that definitely knocked it down a notch, and it would of been lower if I actually ate it.

I truly have tried to allow for room for improvement at this place because honestly the woman who must own this place is as sweet as can be.
I think her sons help run it at times and they are really nice too.
BUT... personality does not a good Chinese restaurant make.
After various visits over the course of a year and a half, I find it hard to offer more than 2 stars.
My last visit sealed it for me as I was ridiculed by my friend whom I had earlier convinced to partake of Lil Szechuan's offerings.
I have been banned from restaurant selection within the group as a result of my attempt to find more good than not here.
One thing I get here is the brown rice.
It is not really brown rice.
It is white rice made to look brown by adding soy sauce.
It is good as a house special.
One of my girlfriends always gets the mu schu and swears its the best ever...I swear that she does not eat out much!
If you like won ton soup this one is just average...just nothing special at all about it.
Yesterday, my friend ordered cashew shrimp in a "delicate white sauce".
"The sum of its parts are not worth more", he murmured and tried to shovel a "no thank you portion" into his mouth while politely reminding me with his eyes that I had committed an epic fail.
Banished from my throne and unable to select food options for at least a month ( my own personal hell), I must bring a few more things up that need to be addressed here.
Never have a menu where its possible that the first three items that a person may ask for are "no longer available".
I ask that you always have coffee and tea available even if it is not immediately ready.
And don't play a squeaky radio with fuzzy reception from a back room against a competing television as diners are  baffling over their other senses of sight and smell.
So sorry.
I need Tott's Asian Diner back FAST!!!

Awful, awful, awful!
We got take out from this place on our first night in the neighborhood almost eight years ago and it was really bad.
The other night, craving Chinese food, we thought we'd give them another shot.
We hoped they had learned something about cooking Chinese food over the last eight years, but unfortunately for us, they have not.
The hot and sour soup was all sour and no hot and just tasted bad.
The chow mein was made with super thick gummy  noodles, flavorless sauce and one slice of carrot.
The orange chicken was at least edible but was over-breaded and in a sauce that tasted like it was out of a jar.
And there was a false bottom of shredded cabbage in the orange chicken container just to take up space.
And what's with the decor?
Its like dining in the middle of a garage sale.

It pains me to only give this place two stars, because it's locally/family-owned, and it's kitschy decor is a time capsule from the 70's (that's a good thing!
)  But man, it's just not anything special, and also overpriced.
I'm a dumplings and hot/sour soup guy.
Get those right and I'll forgive almost anything.
They get neither right.
The dumpling serving is meager relative to what they charge, and the hot/sour soup has no pork or chicken - then adding it is as an extra was crazy expensive!
They also don't have what other Chinese places call a "diet menu" - essentially normal entree options that you can have steamed rather than stir-fried with sauce on the side and brown rice.
Not only isn't there a specific menu option for this, they declined to prepare a basic chicken with mixed vegetables for me in this way.
Just "no" - even though the restaurant was basically empty and the kitchen was slow.
Plus no brown rice.
Breaks my heart - I so want to like them -

Food was not great at all.
Go to CHINA CHILI for the best chinese food in town.
Atmosphere not great either.
Just dumpy

The food is best described as boring.
I've tried 3 different dishes and they all were below average at best.
One member of my party even walked out after taking a sip of his soup and a bite of his food.
Funny thing was that i went in on 4/20 once and the owner said "remember!
4/20 today, don't party 2 much!
"    The interior is dated, but that isn't as big of a problem as the boring food.
I'm surprised they have been in business for soo long..
I wish I could give them 3 stars but I just can't :(

It's just horrible, the worst food I've ever had in a restaurant.
It bears no resemblance to any Chinese food I've ever eaten.
And  I was dying for good Chinese, not having any in my own small town!
The decor is really just ugly, I can't even give credit for it being "kitchy", it's as bizarre as the food.
The place has a sticky dirty feel to it, and the food is really inedible.
I read good reviews somewhere, evidently not here.
They have to be ringers, no reasonable person would recommend this food.

2 stars because it's cheap.
Other than that, it was the worst meal I've had in a while...
Tried this place for lunch last week.
I'm still getting over the separation anxiety from being so far away from my favorite Chinese spot.
It was walking distance from my last office, but too far away now to do for lunch...It's been a challenge for me, but I'm working through it.
So anyway, I come here with a coworker and we sit down.
The place is pretty busy, which seemed like a good sign.
It took a while to get our order taken, but once we did, the food was out in a matter of minutes.
Not a good sign.
I ordered the kung pao chicken...It was awful.
There is just no other way to say it.
Wet, gross chicken drenched in a bland sauce with listless vegetables and clumpy white rice.
Terrible.
Here's the thing: My dish was $5.
The tab for the two of us was $12 with tax, so it's really, really cheap.
Of course, you pay a pretty dear price later with the way you feel...
I will never come back.
Ever.
But, if you're looking for really cheap, really crappy Chinese food, this is an option that you could try.
Hopefully you'll have better luck than I did.

Im so sad to see so many negative reviews for this place!
Ive been going here for years.
Its the best (decently priced) Chinese food Ive found in the valley.
I always get take out, but whenever I go in its empty.
The lady who runs it is super sweet, she always puts extra hot mustard w/ my order.
The real stuff too, not that packet disgustingness.
My wonton soup is always flavorful and tasty.
They have the best chicken fried rice Ive found out here, and their crab rangoons (puffs on their menu) always satisfy.

I've been coming to Little Szechuan for years and I am never disappointed.
I wouldn't say this is authentic Szechuan but it is actually Chinese food.
This place is owned by a family and the parents moved to the States from China.
The decor is cute and includes many art in the style of china, the food is pretty typical dishes of seafood, chicken, beef, pork, and vegetarian options.
If you're a food snob, probably not the best place for you, if you want a nice warm meal and looking for Chinese, this is the place for you.
Wide verity of options, only type of restaurant like this I've seen with Salads.
That's right, salads.
Soups, fried rice, many appetizers, and meal options.
I've brought many friends to this place to show off, and it's gone over well, they've all returned or gone with me again.
The women who is always there is very kind and gets to know the frequent customers as well.
Highly recommend.

My boyfriend and I skipped the restaurant scene for Valentine's day and decided to order carry-out later on in the night.
I have heard good things about this place but was surprised to see such negative reviews on Yelp.
It seems, though, that people review based on the most amazing Chinese they've ever had and tend to get snobbish about it...
I love Chinese food but I am certainly not an expert on places in the area so we decided to give this place a try anyway.
I'm glad we did.
The lady who took my order on the phone was very nice and courteous and seemed very warm when she greeted us in the restaurant.
I ordered the Chicken Chow Mein and my boyfriend ordered the Sun Devil Spicy Chicken.
I am always weary about ordering chicken dishes from chinese restaurants because sometimes the chicken can be just weird and disgusting but I was pleasantly surprised at how good the chicken tasted in the Chow Mein.
The noodles were really thick, which is just the way I like them to be and the sauce tasted awesome as well.
My boyfriend really liked his dish and was satisfied with how spicy it was... usually he orders a spicy dish and it is no where close to being spicy.
Although we did not dine in the restaurant, we thought it looked cute and cozy, even though it looked a bit outdated.
I'd like to see what it's like to dine in next time... and I will definitely be ordering carry-out again!

I'm giving this restaurant a full 5 stars because they definitely earned it.
I must admit, though, that the food was not necessarily memorable.
From what I can remember, it was decent and I felt perfectly fine the next day.
Not sure what previous reviewers ordered there, but my stuff was fine!
Unfortunately, it was not necessarily memorable either...
Although I did have this cool rice soup (?
) what was extremely steamy and came out sizzling!
They had decent plum wine and hot green tea, too :)  What really made us enjoy this place was the service, though.
We came for a friend's birthday, and her sister originally planned for Oregano's.
However, when we all *finally* found parking at Oreganos, we found out that there was an extremely long wait time (it's always packed, and I don't believe they take reservations there.
) Also, there was a huge fight between some customer and the staff at Oregano's, which kind of scared us away.
Since we had a relatively large group, we figured it would pretty much be midnight by the time we actually got any food--and we were starving!
Luckily, our birthday friend is not a huge fan of crowds, so she pointed out Little Szechuan across the street.
We all wandered over there to find that it was pretty empty, but it was also close to closing time (which we discovered later and felt very bad about--but they never complained or rushed us in the restaurant, and were nothing but kind to us the entire time!
)  We had a great time and were able to relax and enjoy ourselves.
There was no stress, and our server/lady who runs the place was extremely friendly.
She almost became a part of our birthday celebration :) Very kind and charismatic lady, as others have noted on here.
Overall, we definitely enjoyed this place.
The food was nothing extraordinary, nor was the restaurant itself in terms of space or decor, but it definitely had its charms and we felt very comfortable and welcome the entire time... even if we did stay way past the time they were closed.

This is THE best place in the whole country for Chinese food.
My husband and I have been going there for 13 years and will never go anywhere else for Chinese.
The owners are the best!
They are so friendly and they treat us like family every time we come in.
Lunch time gets really really busy but they handle it well and get the food out quickly.
We eat the Kung Pao Beef.
It's one of the few places in the valley that deep fries the meat.
OMG it's sooooooo good!
We like their crab puffs and eggrolls too.
Their hot and spicy soup is bar none the best we've had.
Our kids get the beef lomein and it's great too.

I am sorry to say, we did not eat here, my friend and I went in Saturday evening, we were waiting to be seated, and had time to look around...dirty...we left.

I stopped by Little Szechuan today for lunch with a coworker.
I told him the food was okay, nothing spectacular or memorable.
The food is so-so and we needed to kill half an hour.
So we decided to eat here rather than Chili's down the street since he had never been here before.
I've been here about a dozen times over about 5 years.
It isn't the first place I think of when I want Asian food, but it is close to ASU and the price is right for lunch.
Did I mention that the food was not memorable?
Today I had a dish I won't soon forget for its insipidness and service that was downright abysmal.
Usually I stick with something straightforward here like Beef and Broccoli or Chicken and Vegetables.
I thought I would try something different after hearing the person next to us order Garlic Chicken.
I frequently order Garlic Chicken from Mr. Hunan down the street.
But for some reason, I didn't think to go there today.
I usually order it as a take away from Mr. Hunan.
My partner ordered Teriyaki Chicken, of all things.
When our dishes arrived, the chicken was generous on both dishes, but it was prepared in the same manner for both dishes.
It was thickly breaded and deep fried chunks.
His chicken was piled high but was bone dry.
There was a ramekin of teriyaki sauce next to the chicken.
The ramekin was half filled with teriyaki sauce--not enough to fully cover the chicken if poured over the chicken and not enough sauce to dip every piece of chicken.
There were no vegetables, pineapple or anything else I tend to associate with Teriyaki Chicken.
The plate had chunks of fried chicken, teriyaki sauce on the side and a pile of fried rice.
My pile of Garlic Chicken was the same breaded and fried chicken.
Most of the chicken was coated with the garlic sauce and onions that was part of the dish.
Some of the chicken was again bone dry.
It was obvious that the chicken had been cooked separately from the onions and sauce.
The sauce and onions were poured over the chicken rather than mixing the chicken, onions and sauce together in a wok.
And when I say onions and sauce, it is no exaggeration.
The garlic sauce consisted of sliced white onions and 2-inch lengths of green onion.
I took one bite of the chicken and it was crunchy and salty.
It was the only bite I took of the dish.
I lifted some of the chicken and onions to see how much sauce there was and the plate was visible beneath the chicken.
There wasn't enough sauce to even give a thin coat on the plate.
I pushed the plate away and sat there drinking hot tea while my partner finished his dish.
The waiter walked by our table at least 4 times and saw that I had pushed the dish to the edge of the table to be cleared away, but he didn't stop to ask if anything was wrong.
In fact, he took a detour on one of the visits to the table behind us--it looked like he was trying to steer clear of our table.
I purposely didn't flag him down.
I wanted to see if he would stop by and check with our table, but he never did.
When my partner finished, we sat for a while at the table, but eventually we had to walk up to the counter to get our bill--not the usual practice here.
They bring the bill along with a fortune cookie.
We stood at the counter for a while and the waiter finally showed up to ring us up.
He told me the total, but I told him I was not paying for my dish since I thought it was horrid.
He took the charge off the bill without question.
I did not leave a tip and we left.
I will go back to this place.
Probably for my usual once a year visit.
And I will order my usual nondescript meal.
If you want Chinese food near ASU, you are pretty limited on choices.
Again, we should have gone to Mr. Hunan, but I never think of Mr. Hunan as a place to sit and eat.
Their Garlic Chicken is really tasty.
It has thin slices of tender chicken with a good mix of vegetables including  onions, mushrooms, water chestnuts, broccoli, and carrots.
Their sauce is delicious.
There is plenty of the brown sauce to drizzle over the rice and I find the rice and sauce combination to be as good a treat as eating the chicken and vegetables.

We were in town for Pat's Run and were craving Chinese good.
It was between PF Changs and Little Szechuan.
Glad we chose LS.
Good, solid Chinese food at a very reasonable price.
AND the owner/ hostess was very nice.

Quick, tasty, and affordable.
Restaurant staff and owner are super friendly.

I had the shrimp I'm lobster sauce and it was delicious!
I wish there were more shrimps and less green peppers though.
Also the egg flower soup was good but it was spicy.
I'm not used to egg flower soup being spicy.
I also ordered the crab puffs and those were divine!
Especially with the sweet orange sauce!

The service here makes you feel at home.
They are extremely warm and inviting and remember most of their customers.
They make you feel special and happy to have you a customer.
That alone makes me come back -- not enough places these days truly put customer relationships first.
I usually get their house special chicken, which is a fried chicken with amazing seasonings.
Everything here is pretty tasty - you can't go wrong.
Their vegetarian egg rolls are delicious.
Everything is extremely affordable, especially if you order a lunch or dinner special.
Little Szechuan is a family-owned small business and it is a great part of the Tempe community.
You'll enjoy your experience!

Delicious lo mein and vey friendly family owned place.
Would definitely order again

