The best!
Spotlessly clean...very friendly....price was more than fair.
The work done was  perfect.
My highest recommendation.

I have had too many issues in the past with Discount Tire installing my tires and wheels incorrectly and then not standing behind their work.
A friend recommended this place -- WOW, what a difference and their prices are pretty much the same as Discount Tire - but with professional employees and work.
I have recommended them to a number of friends and they are all happy.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE.

Very pleased with Wheel Specialists.
My sales person was Brad and he was very responsive, communicated mainly by email and he would get back to me quickly anytime I emailed him.
I purchased both wheels and tires, prices were competitive and the work was quality.
Clean professional shop.
I happily recommend.

Back in 2007, my car (BMW 540i sport) was involved in a minor accident and one of the front rims was damaged (18" M Parallel).
The bodyshop (whom I had a working relationship with as I am a former auto dealer) outsourced finding a replacement to Wheel Specialists.
Wheel Specialists sent the body shop a replica M Parallel.
The rim was obviously a replica as the lip was slightly different, the color was slightly different, and the rim lacked the OEM BMW markings.
Getting an OEM rim was very important as the OEM rims were forged and the replica was not.
I told the bodyshop I would handle the mix up.
I went to wheel specialists directly to handle the situation and I dealt with Brad.
He was a gigantic asshole.
He refused to admit the rim was a replica.
He basically told me I didn't know what I was talking about (even though I specialized for years in BMW's).
Even when I pointed out obvious differences (lack of a part #, differences in appearance, etc), he wouldn't budge.
The attitude I got from him was "leave me alone, go away, and let me get back to buying underage girls vodka-tonics in Scottsdale with my d-bag friends.
" Needless to say, I eventually gave up.
I recently went back to wheel specialists to look at some Vossen rims.
They gave me a competitive quote, but I used a different shop because of my previous experience with them.
Had something gone wrong, I doubted they would have fixed it.

Borrowed my daughter's while visiting AZ from IL and I accidentally scraped her rim.
Knowing that she would be upset, I took car in and explained my dilemma and that I needed rim repaired.
They immediately took the car in and repaired rim to look good as new for a reasonable price.
It only took and hour!!
The shop was very clean and everyone was very helpful.
I will let my friends and family know about your great service.
Thanks so much for helping me fix my daughter's rim.

I just returned today from a 10 day vacation only to arrive at the airport parking garage and find I had a flat tire.
Not a great way to end a vacation.
I set to work putting on the spare and pondered my next move.
With a family of four, way too much luggage and a strong desire to get things fixed quickly, I decided to call Wheel Specialists, Inc.
I have previously done business there and was very happy with service and results.
Today, once again, they did not disappoint.
Now, I realize that fixing flats is not what keeps them in business but they were on the way home and it was an easy solution.
I called from the airport and they immediately began getting all of the necessary information to make the repair.
They were very polite and eager to please.
When I arrived at their facility, I was greeted immediately as I stepped out of the vehicle.
They had the paperwork in hand and took my vehicle in immediately.
15 minutes later I was out the door and on my way.
They had taken all of my luggage out of the car, returned the jack and spare to their proper place and re-loaded the car.
Nice work boys!
I don't write many reviews but I felt that I needed to make an exception this time for what I deem to be exceptional service.
This business is a notch above its competitors.
I give Wheel Specialists, Inc. my highest recommendation!

After going to nearly 10 different wheel places, nobody could remove my tire.
I came here and they were able to remove it with no problems.
I will only be going here from now on because they truly know what they're doing and are not some cookie cutter tire place!

Going in, I had heard mixed reviews about customer service... let me just tell you that either completely changed or was completely false.
They guys were amazing to work with.
Very professional and courteous.
They did an excellent job repairing my bent rim and even went as far as cleaning/inspecting the other wheels while they waited for the repair to complete.
I will definitely be recommending these guys to anyone I know that needs any type of wheel or tire work done.
Cost was highly competitive compared to mobile repair and other shops I looked at.
These guys came highly regarded from some of my friends, and I'm glad I listened to them.

Great company and staff to do business with.
Bought wheels for my car and spacers at a great deal, despite the flashy showroom and high end cars they have the cheapest prices around.

