Normally, my company plan requires a stay at a Hilton Hotel (Hilton, Doubletree, Hampton - any of them), but when I come during Spring Training, the hotel prices have gotten so outrageous, that it just makes more sense to go off plan and I've been staying at La Quinta during my trips in March.
Not more more to ask of a budget hotel like La Quinta than clean room, quiet atmosphere, and convenient location and this place meets all the criteria.
The facility is a little old, and you can see its age in the sagging balconies and cracking bathroom tile, but respect the fact that everything is clean.
There is a small pool area and courtyard that is very pleasant.
Free Wi-Fi (no password) is available in every room and the speed was actually pretty good.
For AT&T customers, the 3G coverage is decent - about 3-4 bars.
There is a soda machine on every floor, but if you're looking for snacks or ice, you'll have to head to the lobby.
A standard def tube TV with a reasonable number of channels (HBO, ESPN, all the locals) is available.
Location is very close to Highway 143 and Sky Harbor (you're about 5 minutes away), although the way the roads in the area are laid out, the biggest headache will be getting back onto 143 because you have to loop around and then make an opposite lane turn on a very busy University Drive.
I've found it's easier to just take the long way and drive down to the I-10 onramp.
Staff is very friendly.
The complimentary breakfasts are a nice bonus, given the price you pay (Hard boiled eggs, muffins, yogurt, cereal + milk, coffee, juice, bagels + cream cheese, and a waffle station).
It's a fantastic place to stay on a budget.

I agree with Jason.
I am in town for Spring Training and this place is perfect.
It close to everything and has reasonable rates.
The employees are the best.
Randy and Chris rock.
Randy drove us all around the area.
Thanks guys.

PROS: ~The guy working the front desk (the only one, the whole 4 days I was there) was friendly.
~The other people staying there were very friendly and talkative.
~The pool was pretty cool.
CONS: ~Bad location.
Pretty sketchy.
~Bad rooms.
The TV did not work properly and made random loud noises.
~I kept feeling like the guy at the front desk was hitting on me, which is very unprofessional and not really acceptable.
~Breakfast was gross.
As you can see, the cons outweigh the pros.
Not a great choice.

Pleasantly surprised by the friendliness, cleanliness, and all the amenities for the price.
Jennifer even called someone on her cell phone to find out the closest favorite Burger joint (In N Out for me, Rally's for my wife) and everyone working there was most hospitable, all of 5 minutes from Sky Harbor, cannot be beat for the price

Ick.
Just ick.
They gave us a smoking room even though we requested Non-smoking.
Why smoking rooms even exist anymore are beyond me.
Since we only had 5-6 hours there to catch some shut-eye and take a shower, I didn't even bother changing rooms, but that amount of time was more than enough spent there.
The breakfast buffet was decent though and we enjoyed waffles, pastries, and more before our drive to Monument Valley.
I would never stay here again or recommend it, but maybe if you need something close to the airport for one night and are a smoker that actually enjoys smoking where you sleep, this hotel might be for you.

Hmmmm.
Not bad if you get a really good rate.
Like $40 - $60.
Clean, has the basics.
Close to the zoo.
Free WiFi and continental breakfast.
However, the room we stayed in had a really small bathroom and no dressing area.
The pool was clean and well kept and the staff was really nice and friendly.

This place allows dogs!
Free of charge!
Beyond that it was the standard airport hotel.
Price was decent, used Hotels.com for this place.

The room was adequate for the price.
I guess you really do get what you pay for!
Outside was in need of some major tlc and groundskeeping.
Front desk people were very nice and helpful.
As for breakfast, you'd be better off going to the Denny's that sits next door!

Great night rest for reasonable cost.
Complimentary breakfast.
Great wifi.
Was able to do to work & not have to worry about drop signal like another high end hotel I've been staying at.
Has small micro & refrigerator.
Would recommend.

