This is my favorite LBS (local bike shop).
I shop here for everything.
Me and Domenic's go way back.
They've always given me great service and I really like everybody who works there.
They're very, very polite and carry a great selection of parts.
The best example I can give of how cool they've been with me was when I was buying my Surly Cross Check.
I could have just ordered a stock complete and been fine but that's just not me.
I had to hand pick every part so that it'd be exactly what I want.
More than willing to accomodate, Jason (literally the world's nicest guy), stayed 30 minutes after he closed to go through the whole build with me and order all the parts.
Anyway, Domenic's is great.
I just wish they still had that Mill Ave. location open.

If you like Elitism, and rude sales people, and inflated prices this is the right place to go.....
Very good selections which sucks because I won't be buying a single thing here after my experience today.
After dropping off my Carbon Wheel to get a new tire fitted, and to be checked I bought a rear brake setup for my Volume, they had a few less expensive ones which seemed perfect for my commuter bike.
After getting home I discovered non of the pieces fit, took proper measurements and came back to exchange for the correct pieces.
What I got instead was major attitude from several of the employees, and they stated that my bike was probably not made right and a cheap piece and that all brakes were universal......what they got was me canceling my tire, and refunding my money for the brake.
I drove right up the road to Tempe bicycle (whom I loathe but also have a lot in stock) who were miraculously able to have the very pieces I was looking for to get my brake setup, for much less....
Seriously this place blows donkeys and I won't be  back here ever....it sucks because their repair staff seemed nice an knowledgable.
Theres better places in town try Kore, REI, or Sport Chalet....or even online, Usually when you have inflated prices the way these guys do the customer service makes up for it.....in this case it does not.
On a side note I am still fighting with them to get the $200 I spent there and immediatley returned it because I found the same product for $50 right down the road at Tempe Bike.....
So far they have given me several excuses as to why they haven't been able to return my money as well as given me a bogus authorization number.....shady business practices from this company buyer beware.

Just took my bike here to get a new pedal put on...
I walked in and the guy in the repair shop barely looked up to acknowledge me,  after i sad hello,  he said "what do you want" in a very rough and abrasive manner.
I said i needed to get a new pedal put on my bike,  and was wondering if you could help me out.
He then said "bring your damn bike in here" in just as rude of a tone as his greeting;....
I said "no thanks,  not if you are going to be rude" and then walked out....  Avoid this place!
I can only imagine what the rest of the service would be like,  if you cant even get a proper greeting!

Domenic's has the best service you could ask for.
Their staff is knowledgeable and friendly, and are there to help and not rip you off.
The best service I have received in the area by far.

I went to about 10 other bike stores in the valley to find a new bike and Domenic's was by far the best.
I was a little worried by some of the older reviews, but they must have new staff or I hit them at the right time.
I wasn't trying to buy some uber fancy racing bike.
I just wanted a standard cool looking bike to head down the street and get coffee or lunch.
The staff here are very friendly and very helpful.
Since I wasn't really sure what I wanted they let me look and showed me all sorts of different options.
In comparison to all the other shops who either didn't care I was in the store, were chatting with other people who were't even buying bikes, or just acting like I was bothering them, this was night and day different here.
I test drove a few bikes, got some great advice and zoomed out with what I think is a very cool bike at a very fair price.
It's a bit of a drive from my house, but I like to reward good customer service.

I haven't ridden a bicycle since the 1980's.
Seriously- so I wandered in here today accidentally after I missed the driveway for the florist next door.
The man who greeted me was very polite.
He had another customer or two before me but apologized for the wait and took me on a mini-tour of the store and explained the different kinds of bicycles and their various uses, pluses and minuses.
He was very helpful and I decided before I left that I might save up and buy a bicycle there.
Great local store- very friendly staff and I MIGHT start riding again after all these years.

I started coming to Domenic's out of convenience because it's right down the street, but have grown loyal to them after they've treated me so well.
They have always been friendly, knowledgable, and very helpful to someone who doesn't know much about bikes.
I don't   Here are two of my experiences with Domenic's that will make you want to give them your service:  1) Shortly after I bought a road bike on Craigslist (with cool-dude tan/blk tires), the tires needed to be replaced.
I asked the genteleman who helped me to order replacement tan/blk tires because they didn't have that color in stock.
The next day, an employee called me to let me know they had cheaper tires in stock that were just as good, albeit all black, that would save me some money.
Though the guy I ordered the tires from already told me that, they thought that the employee had swindled me into buying more expensive tires, when I had really asked him to order the more expensive tires for me, and they wanted to make sure I got the best deal.
It impressed me that a business would  go out of their way to make sure I saved money, when most businesses would have thought I was a sucker for a sales pitch and banked the bigger sale.
I ended up getting the cheaper tires because they convinced me that blk/tan tires weren't going to make my bike any better (it's true).
2) I bought a bike at an auction for dirt cheap...and when I went to pick it up, it looked dirt cheap, too.
I brought it in, thinking they were going to suggest a million things I should pay to get fixed, prepping my bank account for quite a hit.
I walked in and asked, "What's the minimum I need to get this bike rideable?
"...I ended up paying just 22 bucks for minor repairs!
They even talked me out of some repairs I asked if I needed, saying that the bike would run just fine without 'em.
Again...shocked that there is a business out there that is this honest and helpful.
It's just like having a friend in the business, they are looking out for YOU!

I have been here 3 times so far.
I just got into bicycling a few months back, and although I am learning as much as I can about things, I am still only a beginner.
Recently I blew my rear tube, and unfortunately also broke a spoke with it.
Although patching the tube was an easy fix (I did buy a spare as well), the spoke was a pain because it was on the rear wheel, and on the side of the freewheel.
I went in first to get the spokes before I knew that removing the cassette was a task on its own.
Then I went in to get the cassette tool.
Then when I couldn't get it off, I went there to ask them if they could help me get it off.
(I don't have a bench vice at home.
)  Extremely friendly, and they never asked me if I knew enough to take care of things the way presumptuous people would.
And each time they helped me out without any expectations.
I need to buy a new bike soon, and will most likely get it from here.
Awesome guys!

Dominic's is a great shop I have been going to them for years.
When I walk into the shop their sales staff greats me by my first name and is always helpful with my needs.
They have the best selection of high quality bicycles in Tempe.
The prices are reasonable and you will often get a discount for being a frequent costumer.
The sales staff is very knowledgeable about their products and you will always leave with the product that best fits your needs.
I gave this shop four stars instead of five because I have had several bad experiences with one mechanic in particular.
I found him to be extremely rude and unhelpful which is a shame because he is a bad seed in a group of great staff.
Other then the bad seed this is a great shop.

I can't remember if he was the owner or one of the staff members but Jeff picked me up when I was stranded with a flat on the side of the road.
I didn't even know him and he and Kristin pulled over and helped me out.
He also noticed my spring was on backwards and brought that to my attention.
Thanks Jeff!
I'll definitely be in to to Domenic's for my bike needs.

Domenic's came thru for me when I needed a cardboard box for my sons bike so I could ship his bike.
They called me when they had one.
How cool is that Larry

