These guys are great!!!
50 years in business.... Don't go to Tempe Bicycle unless you was sub-par service.
Ehrhardt's Schwinn bike shop helped me replacing my seat post and seat that got stolen and I had some questions about my bike which they gave me some tips and advice about.
I will be going to these guys from now on...  Good people that you can talk to...I like that.

Owners were friendly.
Wanted to support local business.
Bought over $1000 worth of bike from them.
Less than 6 weeks later structural defect with frame rendered bike unusable.
Defect was covered under manufacturer's warranty.
Store had a replacement part in-house, but insisted we wait "a week or so" for replacement part from manufacturer.
3 weeks and a lot of bus fare later - part still not in.
Discovered that they had not even called manufacturer to check on the hold up with the part.
Hassled them until they agreed to replace with in-house part which was still sitting there.
1 month later rear wheel "out of true" for second time in 4 weeks, reluctantly returned to store to discuss issue with them.
3 month old wheels should not fall apart particularly on a strictly pavement road bike.
Accused us of mis-use and refused to offer any recourse outside of selling us a new wheel.
Too many other shops in the area to have to deal with this kind of stuff.
Hate resorting to chains but at least they will honor their warranties.

I bought my Schwinn Cruiser SS here a little while ago.
The owner is the salesperson who helped me.
Very knowledgeable and very friendly.
Comeptitive pricing.
The service dept is good too as I had extra accessories installed on another cruiser I own there, very friendly and they let you know exactly how much it's going to cost you and not mess around.

was a fan until recently.
I got hit by a car and had to drag the bike that I  bought from them to the store to get repaired.. well the kid that helped me was just  a prick in my tubes.
gee whiz, a real douche.
After all the money I have spent in that store, not to mention they kept my bike light after wrapping my handlebars one time.. no wonder every time I go in there there is absolutely no customers and tempe bicycle has a steady flow.
This Schwinn is anything but a win- a real rip off.
I hate this place now, and you should too.

I was startled awake one morning with the thought " My family needs and *wants* bicycles".
So I packed up the kids and wife and off we went in search of bicycles.
This turned out to be quite an adventure, similar to a midlife crises.
I used to commute to work on a bicycle, about 30 years ago.
Wow have things changed!!
There used to be only 3 kinds of bikes back then, I am glad that things have advanced.
The selection now days is great.
I had quite the sticker shock though.
Back in the day 150.00 bought a Campy 10spd.
I know that is what I rode to work.
Now days it will only by you a piece of beef, like a standing rib roast.
We started at the closest place to our house.
I was under the impression that we were targets, about to get ripped off.
My look at the price tags!!
We did spend about 1 hour there.
Not much customer service there.
We got very short answers to any questions we asked.
My wife and I both felt that we where brushed off.
Even though we were about to by two bikes and a trailer, with all the accessories.
I now knew this was going to take more than one day.
So we went back home and talked about this.
We decided that we were going to put bicycling back in to our family life.
The next morning we went to the bike barn.
Not much help there, We had a hard time just getting some one to look our way.
I will say that the prices where less by about 50.00 for the exact same brands and models than the first place we went to.
Then we went to Tempe to look there.
The help was quite a bit more help full and the prices where a lot cheaper.
About 100.00 less than the first place we went to, for the same models.
At that point we had spent about 5 hours combined, between looking and travel.
We decided to give it one more try in the morning.
That day we went to Ehrhardt's Schwinn.
right away we saw that the prices where lower for the same brands and models that every one else had.
We were quickly greeted when we came in.
We did browse for a few minuets, just to verify what I noticed when we first walked in.
Their prices really are less, not just on a few models.
I did let some one know that I had a few questions.
He readily dropped what he was doing and come over to help.
I wanted to find out what the difference was between two different models.
He got them out, fully explained the difference and had me road test both of them.
Then he did the same for my wife.
While the other employee kept my two year old entertained with bells and horns.
After looking at 4 bikes we found that we could actually upgrade a model.
Their prices made a better bike more affordable.
We ended up buying two bikes a trailer for two kids and all the accessories (locks, racks, water bottles, ect...).
What it boils down to: The place with the fairest price, a good selection, courteous and knowledgeable help got the big sale!!!
Thank You Everybody at Ehrhardt's.
Since then we have been on many a ride and having a great time, Out of the car.
We even ride our bikes out for lunch or dinner.
The kids love it, maybe you have seen us at one of the parks around town.

I stopped in one day to take a look at their used bike selection.
I approached the young man at the counter and explained that I needed a used bike because mine had been stolen a few days earlier.
He said that used bikes were out front and then he said "I don't mean to be a dick but if you find your bike out there we're not giving it back"   Well, sir, by starting off your sentence with "I don't mean to be a dick" you do actually, in fact, mean to be exactly that.
And yes, if you did have my bike I would be getting it back, as I had already filed a police report.
I simply wanted to shop for a different bike, which I did somewhere else.
What a terrible way to treat a customer.

I have been in here 3 times in the 13 years I have lived in proximity to it.
First time to replace a rear tire that had been stolen from my bike.
Turns out it is way cheaper to buy a new bike than replace that tire.
Nonetheless, they were pretty aloof about the whole thing.
Second time I was looking for a nice cruiser with gears and grip brakes.
They had one...but not cheap at all!
They were pretty uncaring as well.
Third, my buddy's Schwinn was stolen on my watch.
This was the time that they were the nicest to me.
However, he decided to get a different bike.
The replacement was expensive.
I have not had reason to head back there...don't know that I ever will.
One not so bad time does not make me loyal.

If you're shopping for a cruiser, go to Schwinn's.
Like another reviewer mentioned, most other bike shops are easily $50-100 more for the same bikes.
You can get anything from a really basic cruiser for around $200 to one with all the works including gears for under $400.
I had bought a beautiful Phat Cycle "Melodie" bike here a couple years ago.
Day before Easter it was stolen.
I shopped a couple places near us in Gilbert, even checked out Wal-Mart (ugh, mistake...when you've had a nice bike, you can spot cheap crap pretty quick).
I was surprised by the lack of options at the other shops...like I said, I looked more in Gilbert, so can't compare to all the Tempe bike shops.
Larry Ehrhardt helped me pick out a new bike, had me test a few out back, and was quite helpful.
Didn't interact with the other employees so I can't comment on everyone.
Ended up with a great new cruiser (another Phat, diff model) and he threw in the tire treatment (helps avoid flats from thorns I guess) since we mentioned the one I had stolen was from his shop.

I just started shopping around for a bike and this was my first stop.
I was the only shopper in the store and had the opportunity to look around a bit before being approached.
The girl who came our and greeted me told me to let her know if I needed anything and that I could take a bike out to test ride it.
I appreciated that some one wasn't breathing down my neck the whole time.
They have a lot of cruisers and seemed fairly reasonably priced.
I noticed a few dents and chips in the paint on a few bikes but they have more than one of each model.
I'm sure I will be back when I'm in more of a serious purchase mode.

Why are they still in business?
I stopped in as part of my search for a comfort/hybrid 24 speed such as produced by Giant, Fuji and Schwinn; thus, Ehrhardt's Schwinn.
I told the male who, from behind the counter in the back, sort of greeted me, what I was looking for; exactly what I was looking for.
He pulled out a 7-speed for my consideration.
Uh, no, I said 24-speed.
He told me that "they" had found that all that's needed around there are 7 speeds.
He pulled out a Diamondback.
Diamondbacks have only 21 or fewer speeds.
For the third time I told him I wanted a 24-speed.
He told me that I wouldn't get much with three more gears.
Aside from his being completely wrong, he had demonstrated his unwillingness to heed the request of one who might, otherwise, put food on his table.
I turned my back and exited the store.
PS.
: I'm not a kid, was well dressed and groomed, have and look like I have enough money to buy a bike.

I stopped at Ehrhardt Schwinn & asked if they could switch out my flat pedals for clipless pedals (which I already had).
The older man there said it would be $10.
$10?
To turn a wrench?
I usually go to Landis on Southern (awesome place!
everyone should go to Landis on Southern!
) and it literally took the guy at Landis 30 seconds to loosen the pedal, remove it, tighten the other one in for FREE.
I have since bought the long handle bike wrench myself but at this time I was still learning & couldn't get the pedals off.
This is NOT a $10 job and I am offended that a bike place would be so profit driven to insist on me giving them $10 to turn a wrench.
That is NOT how you make & keep customers in the long run.
Little did the guy know I was actually planning on purchasing a laptop pannier while I was there.
Too bad he lost out on a potential $100 sale for a $10 wrench turning charge.
When I told him the place I usually go to does it for free he pointed to the kid working on a bike behind the counter & said "this guy doesn't work for free!
He has to buy groceries too!
" What a ridiculous thing to say.
If you want a bike shop you can have a relationship with, that doesn't just see you as a dollar, DO NOT GIVE YOUR BUSINESS TO THIS PLACE!

