Ken is great.
So are all of the people that work for him at Ken's Auto.
Ken's was recommended to me by a car-obsessed friend who takes apart and puts-back-together lots of old Land Cruisers.
He loves Ken's.
I agree.
Ken's is a first-come, first-served operation each day, but you can call to see if there is a long wait before you head in.
And, you can drop off you car the night before if you need to.
Several times now Ken's has looked at my car when I thought something was wrong, only to tell me that it was fine, and charged me nothing (for example, I thought my A/C was broken in the middle of summer because it wasn't as cool in my car when it was 117 outside as I thought it should be...they tested my A/C and told me it was working fine, and that it was just hot outside...and they didn't even make me feel like an idiot about it, amazingly).
They are very reasonably priced, and will not take advantage of you even if you know nothing about cars.
They are equally kind to the clueless car people like me and the car kings like my Land Cruiser friend.
They even offered me a hot dog during lunch one day when I was waiting for my car.
Now that is an awesome car repair shop.

I hate cars which means spending money to get them fixed sucks even more.
So it was important to me to find an automotive shop that wasn't going to rip me off.
I think Ken's is the place.
It was recommended to me by a coworker and highly praised throughout other reviews.
Granted I only went for an oil change, but it cost less than I expected, was quick, and they even washed my windshield.

I don't know much about cars or car places but everyone at Ken's was very friendly and helpful, and one guy hammered out a dent in my door for free even though all I was there for was a pre-buy inspection.
Thanks :)

Ken's Auto is the best!!!
The only downside is that they're not close to my home, but near where I work which makes for a logistical challenge.
I paid less to have a battery installed here than I have to buy it from Napa and put it in myself.
Additionally, before the battery actually went bad, I had taken it in for corrosion.
They cleaned it up, machined a new pin because the old one had corroded through - $10.
In a day and age where it is almost impossible to find an honest machanic, Ken's is a refreshing exception.

I have taken my car to Ken's twice now.
Both times I ended up spending less than I thought.
They do a great job, and they don't fix anything that doesn't need it.
Ken is always there, so you know things are getting done right.
The lady in the office, DJ, is also super nice.
This is a great place to take your vehicle.
I only wish I had found it earlier.

Ken's was recommended to me by a friend.
She said his place was excellent.
I took it in and the inspection was immediate.
They quoted me a price and they went to work.
The people there are so friendly and I could tell they have a lot of regulars.
I felt great knowing that I wasn't getting ripped off.
Ken even took the time to take my back and show me what needed to be done.
He probably knew I didn't know what he was talking about, but I felt like he was trying to include me.
If you want a fair price and the work to be done within a reasonable amount of time, Ken's is the place to go.
Fair prices and a friendly atmosphere.
It is first-come, first-served and I like that.
No appointment necessary.

Fast service, great pricing, plus repeat customers get perks like free oil changes and wiper blades!

