Arizona's western heritage means that quite a few of us have a pair, or two, of cowboy boots in our closet and many tourists will choose to pick up a pair while visiting the state.
Naturally, that means that there are many stores that will overcharge customers for a pair of cowboy boots.
Luckily Cowtown Boots is not one of those stores.
Cowtown carries an excellent selection of boots and western apparel at reasonable prices.
It's also the best place in town to get boots for your kids without having to take a loan from their college fund.
This Cowtown Boots is not the biggest store in town, and if you want an even bigger selection than drive over to the their store at I-17 and Thunderbird, but if you're in the Tempe/Scottsdale area, this store has practically everything you need.
So if you're in the mood to Cowboy Up, don't be a city slicker, instead go where the cowboys go and get yourself a pair of new kicks!

Read the yelp reviews and got a recommendation to go there for some western boots.
The selection is good.
Lots of styles and sizes.
Prices range from $65 to $400.
As soon as I entered a boot salesperson asked if i need some help.
I told him later after I browse around a it.
Ultimately, I found a pair of Justin's for $169.
But there are three different cuts and three different widths with in my size range.
I asked for help, The guy was not very helpful.
After some self evaluation and deduction the fit of the boot has a lot to do with the size width and angle of your foot.
I had five pairs of the same boot color but different sizes, widths and cut.
I think I chose the right one.
The store has a big selection of hats and other western wear too.
The belts were OK but lacked a selection in size.
Lot's of kids and ladies boots.

Yelp reviewers were right about this place.
It's huge!
This place is a warehouse of country western goodies.
While in AZ, I tried to get myself a pair of cowboy boots.
I found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try.
I walked into the establishment and was greeted by a friendly cowboy / staff member.
I told him what I was looking for and he took me to the section.
There must have been 50-75 pairs of cowboy boots in my size.
Prices ranged from $50-150 per pair.
They have brands like Ariat, Justin, Cowtown, and many more!
I ended up not buying a pair of shoes because they did not have exactly what I was looking for.
Although they had a lot of shoes, 80%+ were of the Cowtown Boot.
I had hoped that they would have carried a bit more of a selection of name-brand shoes, and not their own line.

