Their yelp heading says they're closed but I was just there a couple months ago.
They were wonderful so hopefully they are not closed!
I have gotten glasses several times over the years but always stopped wearing them because the prescription didn't seem quite right.
Thanks to Southwestern Eye Center I am actually wearing my glasses for the first time now since the prescription is perfect and actually makes a noticeable difference in my vision!
:) They have a nice selection of frames and can order additional styles for you.
The staff are extremely helpful and friendly.

The Southwest Eye Center doctors determined I needed lens replacement for both eyes due to cataracts.
Following their exams and prior to surgery I tried to tell the surgeon that I didn't trust the results of the left eye because of the technician's actions and her seeming confusion with the results.
The surgeon would tolerate none of my input - he was not aware of my 30 years experience as an advanced degree bioengineer, nor did it seem he would have cared if he knew - but I know incompetence with equipment when I see it.
As it turned out, the surgery on the right eye, the first done, was perfect.
After the 2nd surgery was done two weeks later on the left eye, it was immediately obvious something was wrong.
Three weeks later, the surgeon re-operated on the left eye and rotated the implanted lens 180 degrees.
Unlike the right eye which was restored to 20/20, the left eye at best is 20/40 and is distracting at times.
The surgeon in followup visits has urged me to have the left eye treated with a laser procedure to pierce the scar tissue obviously formed after the re-op.
I am now consulting another opthalmologist.
There has never been recognition from the surgeon or Southwestern Eye Center that something was done in error.
Either the technician screwed up, the doc screwed up, or maybe the wrong lens was implanted.
I blame myself for not speaking up with more passion.
I guess we are all intimidated by a doc who has zero empathy and does not listen - we shouldn't be.

This is the first time I've been there in almost 4 years.
I never went back because they were always rude and impatient.
Their lack of customer service is also very unprofessional.
The only reason I decided to give it another try is because I live close...  it was a mistake going back.
I don't recommend Southwestern Eye Center to anyone unless you are desperate enough to put up with the most inefficient, unpleasant optometry location in the Tempe area.

My sister woke up on a Saturday morning with horrible eye pain.
She could not open either eye.
We went to our eye doctor at Walmart (where we get our vision exams) and he told us there wasn't much he could do, and told us it was very important we follow up immediately (w/in 2 hours) with a corneal specialist.
We called Southwest Eye Center's emergency line, and were told that no doctor would see us over the weekend as we were not established patients.
We went to the ER where they diagnosed her with a corneal abrasion.
They gave her antibiotics and pain medication, and told us we must follow up with the specialist on Monday.
We called Monday morning, and were told the doctor does surgeries on Mondays and will not see patients.
We made an appointment for Tuesday morning.
Every seat in the waiting room was full, even though there are only two doctors on staff.
We waited for nearly an hour before seeing Dr. Pfister.
After we told him briefly what happened, he told us condescendingly, "NEVER go to the ER for eye issues.
" We explained that we had no other choice, as the pain in her eye was unbearable, and he told us we should have seen a specialist.
We told him we called several specialist offices on Saturday, and no one would see us, including his office.
When I asked what else we should have done, he had no answer.
He also told us the doctors at the ER did not know what they were looking at and know nothing about the eye.
However, he told my sister to continue the antibiotics she was prescribed by the doctor at the ER, and offered us no other treatment.
He rushed us through the appointment, did not explain anything, did not ask if we had any questions.
He was rude and seemed quite arrogant, and I would not recommend him to anyone.

The eye specialists at Southwestern Eye Center are wonderful.
I can't say enough good things about them.
They're highly skilled and their bedside manners are very comforting.
HOWEVER - you'd better save every bill and every receipt because their billing practices are highly questionable.
We've never seen a statement showing what our insurance company was billed, we've never seen a statement on what our insurance has paid, we've never seen a statement on what WE have paid and what is still owed.
This is not a matter of insurance payments crossing in the mail here - it's been a year-and-a-half and they're just recently billed us for yet another $900 out of the blue - with no explanation whatsoever.
If you argue about it - it magically drops down to $300.
Today I get a phone call that they're willing to drop the charges by 40 percent.
Really?
REALLY?
Am I supposed to be grateful for that?
According to our records, that account has been PAID IN FULL a year--and-a-half ago - where did these additional $900 charges come from?
Forget about asking for an explanation - they outsource their billing and they're totally clueless.
Maybe an attorney would bring this to the attention of the fine surgeons that make up Southwestern Eye Center.
Their accounting practices are the only reason I'll never go back.
What a shame.
They're very skillful surgeons.

