Delivery time was amazingly quick.
Pizza was good, and hot.
Drunk food never tasted soooo good!
Delivery guy was actually quite nice, and normal looking.
I had to speak to the manager because 1-800 dominos couldn't figure out where i lived.
He was very nice, and sounded sexy!
I kinda wished he'd delivered my pizza....  Trust me.
You don't want to miss the Philly Cheese Steak pizza.
It's delicious!

Decided to try the whole "New Domino's Pizza" last night and was surprised by how good it was.
A million times better than the old.
The crust actually was good and soft more like a wood fired pizza than typical delivery pizza, and had a very good taste to it.
It has some seasoning on it reminding me of Hungry Howies garlic herb crust just not as strong.
The toppings were good but nothing spectacular (i had pepperoni, olive, and onion) the peperoni wasn't as greasy as i remembered it so it was good.
Sauce had a good garlic tomato taste and way better than the bland old stuff.
Now the most important part for a review like this for any college student: the second day taste test.
I had my leftovers for breakfast and it heated up in the toaster very well.
The crust didn't get hard it stayed soft and edible.
The toppings held their flavor and it was a really good slice of leftover pizza.
Overall verdict is that Domino's has come a long way no longer is it  in with the Little Cesar's and Pizza Hut's of the world but up a step into the class with Papa John's and Hungry Howies out there.
I still will take Hungry Howies ahead most days for price and taste but Domino's has done enough to earn my business on occasion.

Yeah, I'm giving a Domino's Pizza five stars.
Whatcha gonna do about it?
Here's why.
I know Domino's isn't a high class joint, but you have to rate it against what it is.
Among inexpensive pizza delivery places, I think this particular Domino's is pretty damn good.
You can order online, and then a tracker gives you by-the-minute updates on your pizza's status.
They ALWAYS have coupons, and they're easy to use online.
They deliver fast.
I've had pizza in my mouth within 20 minutes of clicking "order.
"  4.
I like the new recipe pizza.
It's not gourmet, but if I wanted gourmet, I wouldn't be ordering Domino's.
I ordered Domino's because I wanted something greasy and hot that pairs well with my beer.
They are cheap!
I get convenience, speed, and tastiness for a minimum price!

Domino's?
Yeah, Domino's!
Gone are the past days of Domino's sh*tty pizza.
This stuff is pretty dang good now, and their online ordering system (even found on an iPhone app) makes it really easy to customize.
Taste?
Um, really good.
Their pizza with extra sauce and thin crust competes with some of the best tasting pizza I've had in recent memory.
You can also find a great deal online (via coupon) where you can buy two or more medium pizzas for $5.99 each.
Buy several of these and you can end up saving 50% on your family's dinner.
Plus, everybody gets the kind of pizza (toppings, etc.
) that they want.
Yes, five stars, and I'm not the only one.
You've tried the others, now go back to Domino's and try them again.

Terrible service!!
Stood there waiting to order with three people behind the counter.
No one greeted me nor said a word.
I'll never go back!

They don't allow for online ordering and did not pick up the phone when I called in the order.
Either they are shut down or they are the worst Domino's Pizza I have ever encountered.

I've eaten at Dominos once.. And I don't think I'll ever be back.
My coworkers and I had order lunch with some garlic bites.. Those were cold and the extra sauce we ordered and paid for?
No where to be found.
When we started eating the pizza, that was cold as well..
It tasted like it was sitting out forever!
So when I called and told them about everything being cold and the missing sauces, I was promised a replacement  pizza my next visit.
But when I called to redeem it, they didn't have my name on file!
Not to mention how rude the employee was!
If you want cold pizza, and bad service, dominos is the place for you!

