Now let me just start by saying I freaking LOVE Target.
Okay, so anyway.
I can't believe I'm the first person to review this location, it's an ancient store compared to the new ones.
Don't tlet that fool you though, it is remodeled.
The store remodel is a good and a bad thing however.
I just moved to this area recently so I'm not sure in what shape this store was before the facelift, but I'm sure it needed it.
Very nice and refreshed inside, clean, your typical Target red EVERYWHERE.
It's already a kinda weird layout to begin with seeing as this location is set up as a square rather than a normal, longer rectangle most Target stores are layed out as, but in the remodel they added a grocery section with fresh food and more pantry options.
I'd add a star for that and the added convienence the extra grocery brings now that it is a p-fresh location like all other Target's have become, but in order to add that larger grocery area they've had to significantly shrink other departments in the store to compensate, so minus extra star we just added.
Moral of the story here is this Target is great if you just need to run in for a few basics, but if you have detailed shopping or you're looking for something specific it's probably a better idea to drive either way on McClintock to the Tempe Marketplace Target or Chandler Santan Target.
This location is still nice to get you by though.
They have a food court with Pizza Hut Express, Pharmacy tucked way back in the corner, and a nice Photo Lab up by the front door, which is my favorite thing here.
They took photo out of most Target Stores so it's nice this has one being closest to my house to just ride up quickly and print out a few pics!
Overall just a very standard, plain Target Store.
Nothing too special here.
Just enought to get you through the week.

This is the Target we used to shop at when I was a kid.
Sure it isn't as large, nor does it have the shiny new sheen of the Target at Tempe Marketplace, but it still holds the charm and memories of random shopping trips of a bygone era.
Employees are friendly, and it's easy to navigate through the aisles.
Another plus is that this location isn't as busy, and you don't have to battle with the Tempe Marketplace traffic if all you need is random household items just from Target!

When they have shopping door busters I like this Target cuz its not too busy and I am usually first in line or one of very few.
Who doesnt like Target?

I've had several bad customer service experiences at this store.
Most recently, they had a toy that was marked at $6.99 and rang up at $12.99.
When I showed them the display price, they said that it was a "Vendor Item" and refused to override the price.
It was very frustrating, because I'm trying to teach my kids to stay within a budget, and my 7-year-old son had just spent an hour finding a toy that he wanted, and that he could afford.
I attempted to contact Target customer support by phone and by e-mail, but nobody answered the customer support line, and even the customer support web-page was down.
If I can't trust the prices at a store, it makes shopping there with children nearly impossible.

This used to be where the students went before Tempe Marketplace opened.
The staff here are always friendly and the crowd is older Tempe.
They could use an update but they are way better than the one on Longmore.
This Target has everything I need!

