I have used them multiple times.
Always satisfied.

Unfortunately, I have had reason to use the services of T&S several times.
They are always friendly and professional and insurance companies seem happy to work with them.
Most importantly, their work is top notch.
Some of the repairs they have made did not seem possible.
I highly recommend them.

I used T&S on the recommendation from my insurance agent and I couldn't be more satisfied.
They tailored a visit to my house based on my schedule and the installer (Frank) was courteous, prompt, and very nice.
If I ever have to get my windshield replaced again (hopefully not) T&S will be the only company I will call.

T&S did an excellent job on my car.
Install was fast and very clean.
I have had companies replace windshields previously, and they leave the car a mess.
No need to clean up after them.
I would highly recommend them.

Phenomenal, top-notch at-your-home or place of business service.
Repaired my wife's car's windshield in record time.
Opted for them again when my own windshield cracked.
Installer finished in record time .
but I soon discovered he had broken my rear-view mirror.
Very upset when I found out he had tried to secure it inside the mount using double-sided sticky tape .
and when he told me that this was a "trick of the trade.
"  Guess he didn't know I used to be an automotive engineer/mechanic.
So I spoke directly to Stuart (one of the owners) who is the HEIGHTH of professionalism; he ended up getting me a completely new mirror and driving out to install it personally.
Still in shock over that--how many bosses take that kind of trouble these days?
Everthing was fixed to my satisfaction.
I cannot comment enough on Stuart's professionalism and his going out of his way to help me and "make it right.
"  Please give him all of your auto glass business!!!!

They had a slight issue with my glass fitting and had to come out a few times til they got the right piece.
This was no fault of their own, as it was a distributor issue.
On the last visit Monte their customer rep came out with the technician to ensure the glass for and to give me some FaceTime.
This says volumes about their business.
This is truly a top notch company with customer satisfaction their number one concern.
Hopefully I'll never have to replace another window, but if I do T and S are my first call.
Thanks guys!

T&S Auto Glass has the BEST customer service of any company (even non-auto glass companies) I've ever dealt with.
I had a windshield replaced by another company back in November 2013 and they did a poor job causing my windshield to leak.
The company went out of buisness and I was stuck.
My agent gave me Monte's number to see if they could help.
They sent someone out at no charge to look over the glass to confirm the location of the leak and help me with the warranty claim process to get a new one.
Monte spoke with my agent and insurance company directly and helped with everything.
I barely had to do a thing.
I called Monte 7 months later to help with my sunroof and my husbands windshield and he completely remembered who I was!!
He took care of everything I needed with processing the claims.
Nancy in the office is wonderful!
She called to schedule us 3 hours later and apologized it took so long!
I was just grateful to get a call the same day and she felt bad for 3 hours.
I've dealt the most with Monte and I can truly say he goes way above and beyond in customer service!!
All companies need a Monte.
I can't say enough good things about them.

