I was very nervous about coming to Firestone to have my tires replaced because of all of the not so great reviews on the service, and the quality of the tires themselves.
However, after an extensive search for the best prices I found that they were the most reasonable.
I dint make an appointment, but luckily when I went they were able to get me in.
I quickly voiced my concerns about what i had heard about the quality of Firestone tires and the manager that helped me out was knowledgeable and very reassuring.
After checking out my tires and finding the ones that were best for my car and my budget, the staff got right to work on my car.
They have a very small waiting section inside the shop with a lot of typical man magazines and a TV.
with cable so i didn't go crazy.
wile i  waited the manager would periodically check on me and would see if i needed anything to drink or a snack, he would make small talk and was over all very nice.
Before i knew it my car was all done!
As i was getting ready to go, they didn't try to concern me with repairs that mysteriously needed attention while they were working on my car.
They said "let us know if you have any questions or concerns about  what  we did today.
Call or drop by any time.
" Over all it was a great experience.
About a month later i was driving and needed to make a turn into a shopping center.
i took the turn a little too soon and slightly hit the curb and took a small dime sized chip out of my new tire.
I immediately drove over to Firestone and told them what happened.
they took a look at it and said my tire was just fine and not to worry but that my air pressure was low.
the manager called over two guys and fixed the air pressure right on the spot and didn't charge me.
My over all experience with this place was great.

WARNING -- they take no responsibility for their work.
We had taken several vehicles for oil changes to Firestone and things went all right the first few times.
The last time, however, they did something wrong -- likely not the full amount of oil.
The following day, the engine starts burning oil on startup.
Attempts to deal with them, asking if they might like to look at this, were met with, "well, you'll have to hire an attorney".
We sued them in small claims court and after some delay on their part, they lost in a big way.
The judge actually wanted to give us more than you can get in small claims.
Absolutely the worst service I have ever seen.
Avoid at all costs.

This shop always goes above and beyond.
Thanks!
I purchased the Ecopia EP100 tires for my Prius and they have been fantastic tires and when I had a nail in my tire the quickly fixed the tire and put my spare and all of the various tools back where they were supposed to be in my car.
Great work.

I referred my sister to Firestone near our house to go have her oil changed before she left town.
She was from Idaho and I think they of course noticed her out of town plates plus being female.
They changed the oil and she received a call from the store telling her all the problems she has with her car.
She was upset because she was leaving town a few days later.
She asked them to write it all down with prices.
She then picked up her car and called another mechanic that she trusted.
He checked it all over the next day and found NOTHING wrong like they said.
Could not find any leaks or needed repair.
She was very upset she was going to be taken by this business and went up to complain.
They said the manager wasn't in but got the assistant manager.
He didn't know what to say except they wanted to check her car again.
She said NO WAY you would ever touch my car again.
Customers in the waiting room were rolling their eyes in disbelief.
She told them they should be ASHAMED of their so called business practice.
Think twice before ever taking your car in for service there.
Joanne Brown Tempe, AZ

Excellent service.
I have been coming here for years and I have never felt ripped off or gouged.

STORY  I've been to this place three times.
First time, to get a 90k service and two tires.
The prices were awesome, the service price were good because of their anniversary promotion and the tires were priced well due to it being last day of the month or something like that.
Anyway, I came away happy.
I came back a few weeks later with a noise/vibration that I couldn't quite figure out and was told that it was my suspension that needed replacement.
Okay, fine, I thought so anyway.
a couple of weeks later vibration got even worse and when I came back yet again, I was told that all my motor/transmission mounts collapsed since they were old and needed to be replaced, hence the vibration.
Quite an interesting suggestion considering that one of the mounts was less than 4 months old, so while it MIGHT have collapsed, it certainly would not be old.
Taking the truck back to where I had it serviced for the motor mount, the real culprit was found: rear differential falling apart and rear drive shaft disconnecting.
Sooo... nothing to do with motor mounts.
CONCLUSION  I would come here for the good deal for tires in a heartbeat, but will have to skip on any services and especially any fixes that these guys offer.

Fast, friendly service.
Have had no problems here so far!
We had our car serviced here and they were nice enough to drive us back to our place while the car was being fixed, and also offered to pick us up.
I've gotten oil changes from here too and they come with a diagnostic car check with their speedy service.

Pretty good service.
The techs were friendly and explained everything to me.
They also agreed to match a competitors coupon and added on an extra discount.
I don't know much about tires but felt comfortable with their recommendations.

Brought my car in for an oil change because I had a coupon.
Two weeks later I noticed oil stains in my garage where I park.
I brought it back to my regular mechanic and he said that the Firestone mechanic that worked on it left the washer out when they put the oil tank plug back in and it was leaking.

This place offered great customer service.
My wife went to the location in Laveen at 5 minutes before 6 and they told her they didn't have time to help her before closing.
Then they locked the door on her.
She went to this location and they fixed her tire for free, since the other place was so rude.

Do not waste your money on this place... Bad experience ...
I went to get my tires balanced and rotated and they couldn't get that right.... How hard is that??
I took my car to Toyota in Tempe and had them check out the car since it was still shaking and pulling....
They said it was out of balance and minor alignment and correct the issues for $40.
Firestone charged $160 and could not get it correct...
If they cant get a minor balance and alignment correct i could imagine how bad they would be at fixing real repairs... Stay away unless you want to throw your money away.

Firestone - Great Service, Disguised Upsell  The preventive maintenance they list on your bill serves to "scare you" into making some of the more needed changes.
Just be prepared to overlook the sticker shock and only get what you need here.
They do have great deals from time to time but take your big repairs elsewhere as they make a killing on parts and labor.

fyi they moved to a new building about 300 feet down the road..Dont be fooled by the new building same old clowns working.

I've been having my vehicles serviced at this Firestone for years!!!!
My family and I love every experience we've had with the employees and the services they provide.
I have purchased pretty much every lifetime service they offer on both of my vehicles and can say they stand by their warranties.
The entire stuff is friendly, honest, and always entertaining!
From the technicians to the sales staff and the manager.
I'm so happy they opened a new store.
I refer everyone to this store!

Outstanding service from Sean M.  I will only see him for his knowledge, courtesy, and speedy service.

Firestone was my go to auto shop for 2 years but I've gotten sick of their upselling and pressure tactics.
The last straw came when they wouldn't rotate the Michelin 100,000 tires I had with lifetime wheel balancing and rotating.
Apparently there was "too little tread" and they advised me to replace all 4 tires asap.
(While also dropping that they had a promotion for tires and steering me towards some $400 ones)  I took my car to Hon-Man and they told me that my tires had some typical cracking from the AZ heat but was otherwise fine.
I used to go for their $14.99 oil change and service check but I'd rather spend $29.99 at Hon-Man to get an accurate diagnosis.
This isn't an isolated incident either, everytime I've come to a Firestone they print out a listing of "urgent" repairs your car needs.
If you love Jiffy Lube scare tactics your gonna love the treatment you get at Firestone who seem to only look to pad their monthly billing reports.
If you want an honest reliable mechanic that actually passes on the savings to the end customer go find a nice shop like the Honda servicing Hon-Man.

For the past 4 years I went to this Firestone for oil changes and had a good experience with service and price.
The constant upselling on "service packages" didn't bother me since thats what I expect from a National Chain.
But then I got my front axle replaced by this store and thats when the issues began.
The car broke down 2 days after getting the axle replaced.
Found out that the Firestone mechanics took a few shortcuts and 1.
Put in the axle incorrectly 2.
Put in a broken screw so that it was only connected by one thread.
Went back and got the axle replaced and thought everything was fine.
- At this point the store had moved down the street-  A little later I went to a different mechanic because of a rattling sound, and I find out that the axle was again replaced incorrectly.
The new mechanic contacts this Firestone and surprise, Firestone wrote down the wrong part number (which happened alot apparently) and thus I can't get the Dealership warranty for the part (which was brand new).
To sum it up: Firestone prices for oil changes are great, but I won't trust (at least) this store again for more complicated car service.

Took my avalanche 1500 z71 4x4 in to these guys for a simple alignment issue.
I explained I was having a camber bolt that wasn't holding so they threw it in the air and did a quick inspections.
Well they tell me I have a bigger problem, the lower control arm bolt is about to fall out on the passenger side.
Quite literally holding on with its last threads.
With a little wrenching and a hammer they got the bolt lined back up and back threw and put a locking nut on it.
After that they installed the new camber bolt on the driver side gave me a lifetime alignment and out the door for a reasonable price.
Solid work, solid dudes.
Well recommended.

My office is about a mile away from this location making it very convenient to use their services.
Each time I have work done they explain to me about issues that need addressing and others that can wait.
It makes me trust that they aren't trying to get me to spend money on things that can wait or won't affect the reliability of my truck.

This is my second trip here.
First time was for oil change and tire rotation on a Saturday afternoon.
I waited 2 1\2 hours but got the oil change for free since I waited so long.
Today I bought tires on a Friday afternoon.
Both times there was no push to sell me anything extra and all of the front office people are knowledgeable and very nice.
The only downside is the long wait.

Had a great experience here.
The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable.
I didn't feel like was taken for a ride like most other care care places.
I most certainly be back!
The prices for an oil change seemed very reasonable to me too.

