Probably my favorite strip club, and I've been to several.
The other Christie's in Phoenix is insane too - twice as big, but almost always oddly empty.
The place is very high class, posh, very nicely carpeted, well put together, beautiful bar, comfortable seating, great lights, and a nice medium size (not too big, not too small, but still about 5 times the size of the confusingly popular Skin Cabaret, which I personally hate because its tiny, cramped, and girls with crap personalities).
This Christies has aggressive girls that get very naughty with you even at the table dances.
Always hot chicks, stiff drinks, and everyone is always super nice.
The decor is high class.
Dark enough that other guys can't see you sporting wood during your dance, and very comfortable, rolling cushiony chairs for everyone in the place.
Not as huge as the other Christies, but always an awesome experience.
Only downside is the ATM charges something like $15 or $20 fee to withdraw money.
So bring your own ahead of time.

Big, Cozy, Dark, but lacking a POLE!!!
WHY?!?!
Girls are just sliding around on stage.
Also, alot of my friends won't go because of the cover charge....

Sometimes it's better not to ask.
For example... how did a pregnant chick end up at Christie's Cabaret?
Well...
I think it has something to do with being permanent designated driver.
lol    Christie's is a nice looking club, with a center stage and $10 table dances.
Sonny was the best dancer in the opinion of my friends and me.
She had a bangin' body and did sexy dances.
The music was good because there was variety but, the club could have offered a bit more variety in body shape and some real, healthy sized boobs.
haha  But... for the most part, the girls were pretty and there were even a few good dancers.
:)  I will mention that one or two dancers were so anorexic looking, I felt they needed to get off the meth diet...      All-in-all, we had a good time.
Even I did, no drinking involved.
So... $12 cover fee, $10 table dances and a $12 ATM FEE... beware of that!
I'd go back.
See ya there!

Really how can you go wrong at Christie's?
Free entry with my spring training ticket and 2-4-1 domestics and wells.
Girls are very hot here.
This is definitely not one of those dive strip clubs where the girls have beer belly's and missing teeth.
The girls here are hot, sociable and overall friendly.
None of them are usually pushy at all.
Good way to finish a day after a spring training game.

Let me start by saying that we went to Christie's on a Tuesday night, that being said:  My wife and I always go to strip clubs together and are no amateurs to the scene being from the bay area in CA.
We got a recommendation to visit this place from a local.
We parked out front, walked in and paid $20 for the cover ($10 each).
The host sat us up front at the stage at out request.
The waitress was very attentive and nice, didn't press us or try and upsell anything.
Make sure you take cash for tips/dances though.
If you use the ATM that is on site, there is a steep $12.50 service charge.
The stage was small but it worked out well because it kept the dancers very close.
The majority of the dancers were good looking, with an average of an "8".
Most of them had natural breasts, which was nice, and seemed to be enjoying themselves.
Dancers would come around and ask you if you wanted a dance, and whether you did or not, they would hang out and chat for a bit, even though there were plenty of people int he place.
There were also ALOT of dancers and girls in the club.
We must have watched the show for at least 45 minutes before we saw the same girl on stage again.
We got a couple of dances, $10 each.
We drank all night and the total bill was $36...can't beat that.
Bottom line, next time we are in town we will definitely come back to Christie's.

The food here consists of "Bearded Clams", and "Roast Beef Sandwiches"  num num num....  On a serious notes, been here several times.
The girls are always friendly and much more attractive than some other booty clubs we have gone to.
This place is classy enough that I had brought my girlfriends dad here.
Needless to say he was also impressed.
He met a "librarian" name Brooklyn that he absolutly loved.
I may have gone broke from getting him lap dance after lap dance...but he had an amazing time.
He even refused to wipe his glasses off for the next week because Brooklyn had left a perfect nipple print on them.
Awesome place

Fucking suckEd.
Very expensive and girls are shit.
Avoid like the noid

I'm a former employee of another gentlemen's (sic) club chain and was fairly traumatized by the experience - nobody does drama like strippers.
Regardless, sometimes you just gotta have a hot, (semi)naked woman on your lap and the only way to get one is to bribe her.
So, after nearly five years since my last visit to any strip joint, I checked out Christie's this evening.
First impression: very nice and mellow.
Dark, yes.
Loud music, meh, goes with the territory.
Absolutely professional staff and attentive waitresses.
The talent: yow.
I don't know what some of y'all have been looking at, but I saw something to appeal to pretty much every taste, from waifish schoolgirl types to an Amazon who looked like she could break me in half, and all the colors of the melanin spectrum.
All of the girls who approached me were friendly (even when I passed on getting a dance), and they all smelled good.
Two of the girls who asked if I'd like some company happily plunked themselves down on my lap and made small talk before (and after) getting down to business.
Basically, Christie's doesn't have that "here's-my-boobs-now-pay-me" vibe.
To go by the number of obvious regulars I saw, this isn't a fluke.
It's how they normally are, and I call that a good thing.

I've gone here a few times.
I've even brought my wife there a couple of times.
Yes!
It's "classy" enough to bring your spouse to.
The facility is clean.
That's always a HUGE plus for me.
I've been to a couple of joints that smelled like an old $1.50/movie theater.
The cover price is way less expensive than other places I have been to in other states.
The lap dances are set at $10, but for Pete's sake, give the ladies a good tip.
(Pun intended.
)  They play very typical strip club, excuse me.. "gentlemen's club" music.
That's not a bad thing.
It's an eclectic mix.
Nothing I can complain about.
If you like blondes, this is the place for you.
Shiet..
I even saw an Asian stripper, excuse me.. "dancer" there with blonde hair.
The dancers there are good looking and young.
Of course, they have the obligatory "past-her-prime" stripper, and the stripper that doesn't look like she should be a stripper, stripper.
The drinks are fairly priced and the cocktail waitresses are pretty and friendly.
Customer service at Christy's is excellent.
Although one time, my wife accidentally ordered VOSS water, because she misunderstood the waitress and it actually cost more than a beer.
Haha..  She has a bad habit of nodding her head in response to questions asked to her in a place where the music is crazy loud.
Most places I've been to are undeniable strip clubs.
This is one of the very few that I can even consider a "gentlemen's club".
*I'd give it another star if they had better diversity in their lineup.

I'm the wife, and yes, I went with my husband on our date night to the strip club.
I have been to other places with him, and this place was impressive.
I will say, I thought it odd that there was no pole center stage here!
That was a first, but it made the girls' dances be more about the music and their bodies.
I was impressed that there were several shapes, colors, ethnicities, etc, to choose from as well.
When we got there we paid our cover - $12 each, and were escorted to a table by a 'bouncer' who gave the rundown on pricing, etc.
We got a waitress immediately, though I might not recommend running a tab, since it was a little difficult to get her back to our table!
Bridgett was our favorite of the night.
We even spent a little extra and took her to the VIP rooms in the back for a private hour.
She was very professional, but still fun and gave us a great time for our money.
I can't wait for my next date night!

Ive been here many many times, and this is my first review.
Ive always had a wonderfull time at Christie's and of course i neve want to leave.
As you walk in, you are greeted and the staff is great and professional.
The greeter than directs you to a table of your choice and recommends women at times.
The women there are HOT and attentative.
Everytime ive gone girls come up and ask nicely for a dance, even if I refused due to the fact that i havent chosen my "Hottie" yet, they are cool with it and leave with a smile.
There are many diverse women working there from you sweet Asian babydoll, to your Spicy Latinas, and Blonde Bombshells.
So you wont be dissapointed.
I love the fact that its dark, clean, and well ventilated.
The stage is big and beautiful,  there is no stipper pole and I like that.
To me that makes the girls there give YOU the attention you deserve, and not just ignore you by hugging the pole all night.
The girls crawl, lay down, and come directly to you if your sitting in front of the stage.
One time i took my dad, and this Dancer came up to him, layed her head on his lap, than did a flip over to where her legs landed on his shoulders and The Beaver met his face Eye to Eye LoL,  it was great to see the O'l man have a great time.
Till this day he brags to his friends how wonderfull Christies at the girls/staff treated us that evening.
Its defenitely a Classy Place and would HIGHLY recommend it those that enjoy a Gentlemans club and there sexy SEXY Dancers.
5 stars in my book.

Most boring strip club in Phoenix metro.
For typ Sat nite, Paid 13 bucks cover, yes 13!
Why 13?
Then one bud light bottle cost 6.25 round that up to 7 for tip, then a lousy table dance for 10 bucks.
I lost 30 bucks in 15 minutes.
After that, I even rejected one girl cause she looked high on something and ugly with her eyes half opened.
I am a local and I am never going back there again.

I'll say this club is very fancy.
Nice bathrooms everything looks great.
But I paid $9 for a bud light draft that is kinda said ended up leaving after one hour was not all impressed by the girls two on a stage at a time.
No draft beer.
Go somewhere else unless you're wanting to spend your whole paycheck.

