Killer authentic Mexican food.
Just a diner atmosphere off of a Mexican courtyard (in the same place as another killer Mexican seafood resturant - San Diego Bay).
When I worked down in that area, used to drop in once or twice a week.
Went back a couple of weeks ago, and still as good as ever.

I am so glad I went to this place today.
San Francisco has Chinatown and North Beach -- and we've got the town of Guadalupe.
El Yaqui gets 5 stars from me, because having lived in the valley for almost all of my 34 years, this was the best quick Mexican food I've had, period.
I've only been here twice  -- once with my fiancee and once with the whole family.
Both times it was great.
I've had the pleasure of enjoying barbacoa and carne asada burritos.
Damn, they were awesome!
And only $3 each!
Are you kidding me?
This isn't some Filiberto's gritty-meat, dripping with grease burrito, either.
The meat was very tender, the refried beans tasted homemade, the tortillas were tasty.
Delish!
The guacamole is what convinced me this place is the bomb.
We ordered a large side of guac, and I have never tasted such a fresh and fruity, bursting with avocado flavor in my life.
I think this recipe is unique to El Yaqui, and it's my new favorite for guac.
We've ventured into Guadalupe occasionally for Farmer's Market produce, but we'll be going back a whole lot more now that we've discovered El Yaqui.
My next Mexican Food mission is San Diego Bay, which is in the same plaza, and I found out is owned by the same family.
So, the service was quick and friendly and there was plenty of seating inside and outside.
If you've never explored Guadalupe, you're missing out.
Start with El Yaqui.
Invest $3 in one of their burritos and let me know what you think.
Just a few final notes:   -- some really authentic choices on the menu for the adventurous, including beef brain, head meat, and tongue.
Like I said, I went with carne asada and the barbacoa -- which were excellent.
-- same owner for the last 22 years (her son was working when we went so we got a little of the history)   -- $3 burritos & tortas; $5 - 7.50 combinations / plates; $3.75 - 5.25 for breakfast with beans and rice;  $2 Flan; $1.50 tamales -- yes El Yaqui has to be the best value around.
-- Beer is served.
-- open 7 a.m. to 9 p.m.   -- you can't see this place from the street -- it's in an enclosed plaza.

delicious authentic mexican food!

so today my coworker trace was looking for a place to get lunch, carne asada was on the request.
i quickly jumped on Yelp did a search for Carne Asada in our work zip code and low and behold El Yaqui came up and it was pretty close and had a glowing review from Angelo C.   it was confirmed that this place is not on the street, but instead inside a market place.
the carne asada burrito is delicious, grilled and chopped meat, seasoned right, with grilled onions and beans.
wrapped up in foil to keep it warm with a side of lime and pickled carrots and a salsa.
from what i can tell from the beans in the burrito, they are awesome.
lardy and smooth just the way they should be.
1 million calories later...
I'm in carne asada coma now.
if your in the area, or work around here.
check this place out...

If you're searching for some good Mexican food, you should visit Del Yaqui.
It's in the mercado on the corner of Avenida Del Yaqui (which is PRIEST) and Guadalupe.
The food is pretty affordable, and it tastes great.
I always get the Carne Asada burrito.
You should get the chips and salsa side too...they fry the chips right when you order them and they come all greasy and hot.
So good!
Bring cash though.
They have a minimum credit card charge, which is around $5.

So I went here twice and I hated it the first time.
I don't know if I got a bad cut of meat or what, but my burrito was a bit too fatty.
I think it was the red chile burrito, or something.
Having said that, I recently gave it another shot and and went for the carne asada burrito.
Very, very good.
The cut of the beef is a little thicker than the usual Salazar's or Filiberto's burrito, but it was really good regardless.
Oh, and the beans in there were awesome, too.
It didn't have guacamole and I didn't notice till it was too late, but I'll be sure to get some in there next time.
Overall, I give it 3 stars because i really hated my first visit, but their carne asada is completely legit.

Honestly I am at a bit of a loss as to why this place is rated so highly.
I have been there twice and both times have been supremely disappointed.
The place is totally dirty (I dare you to look at the floor behind the counter...) and the food is far from fresh  or tasty.
I had a tamale the first time and it was dry and oily.
The second time I had tacos and the meet was over done and chewy (not is a good way).
I know some before have claimed that this place is authentic but I must disagree.
Spare your self and look toward Yelp highly rated Mexican grills in Phoenix if you want a fiesta for your taste buds and your wallet.

I was hoping for more when visting El Yaqui, but it definitely wasn't a bad experience.
I'd like to start by stating that I love the setup of the Guadalupe Mercado.
I wish they had more businesses inside because it has a really pleasant, town square type atmosphere.
I plan to try San Diego Bay at the next earliest opportunity as well.
El Yaqui restaurant is quaint and understated inside, I have to say I really preferred it to the atmosphere of some of my fav Mexi-Quick-Stops (Los Taquitos and Salazar Bros).
The Flautas (Chicken and Shredded Beef) were decent, but not entirely filling.
I'm used to leaving this kind of restaurant almost uncomfortably full!
The only downside is the modest menu and slightly more expensive prices.
If there weren't any options nearby I may consider bumping it up a star.
I would head back to El Yaqui, and maybe try and grab something else or at least hang out on the patio for a bit.

THE BEST!
When it comes to cheap, greasy and fast Mexican food this is the place.
It is located in Guadalupe and the sister restaurant of San Diego Bay (one of my favorites).
I ordered the bean and cheese burrito encalada style.
The beans are out of this world!
I'm sure the amount of lard is staggering but they are oh so flavorful and creamy.
They use real white cheese, not the greasy, plastic yellow kind.
I could tell the tortillas were fresh.
We also ordered the Chile Rellenos.
The stem was still on the chile and it was oozing with cheese.
The Arizona burrito is enormous.
It looked like a skyscraper was beaing eaten.
This thing is massive.
The salsa was good and spicy and the chips were tasty too.
This is now my go-to place when I need some super fatty Mexican food!
You can see the menu at http://delyaqui.com/DelMenu.html

We ate at the restaurant this time.
You can see right into the kitchen and it was very clean.
Tried the Lengua, Carnitas and Pastor street tacos this time.
The Lengua was my favorite.
So tender!
FYI if you need to use the restroom be prepared to have the staff give you a key attached to 10 lbs of heavy chain and walking outside...this might be the time to practice the buddy system...
The beans here are STOOPID good!
They serve beer too!

When it came down to picking a lunch spot I saw El Yaqui and wanted to give it a shot...
It's in this really cool open air shopping complex walk to the back and you will find El Yaqui.
Walked in and the staff was really friendly they seemed to have a lot of regulars going in and out...
I ordered the # 1 (3 tacos and beans and rice 1st taco Lengua   was really good 2nd taco Carne Asada was super good 3rd taco Pastor was good).
Out of the three I would get the Carne Asada again really good salsa as well so this is a must stop for any fan of real deal street tacos.

Food was good.
Service and hospitality was also good.
Price of bottled beer was a little high.
I did not expect to pay $25 (including $2 tip) for two combination plates and two Modelo beers.
The funniest thing about this place was that they serve the food on glass plates but give you plastic ware to eat it with.
I will go back for more but will probably stick to soda or water.

Best burritos I have tasted, love the Arizona Burrito and Lengua tacos.
Well worth the money you spend.

These truly are the best tacos around.
I have eaten here may times over the last 25 years!

hands down one of the best chile rellenos I have ever eaten.
Big portions and reasonable prices.
The carnitas and lengua are great.

The food is reasonably priced and delicious!
The tamales were amazing.
I will definitely be going back.

