Best and most helpful hardware store I have visited.
Thank God I live almost across the street!
After many, many home projects and recently rebuilding my kitchen, I have frequented this Ace almost more times than I should.
But I am always pleased at how quickly and smoothly my searches at this Ace are.
Try it, you'll like it!

got copies of keys made here and they keys did not even work properly in my door.
felt like i was pick locking my own front door.
shit like this is a no-no in my book.
damn you Ace.

What would I do with out this store and the wonderful staff, they have helped me out with house projects so many times!

I ran to Ace today to pick up a paintbrush to paint an interior room.
Haven't been here in quite a while.
I usually head to lowes or Home Depot for stuff like this.
I was pinched for time so I headed to Ace.
I was greeted by a friendly employee.
When I headed to the paint area, I was immediately frustrated that the area was so cluttered I couldn't even get to the brushes.
I looked around and noticed that much of the store was cluttered with crap all over the aisles, was unshoppable , and merchandised VERY poorly.
Ace lost my business today.
I walked right out if their store and headed next door to Sherwin Williams.
The brushes were much nicer in quality and the store was nicely organized.
Too bad, I would love to support locally operated Ace.
Hope they get their shit together.

much better than the big box stores.
only hardware place in the area that carries window glass in sizes to actually fit windows (was referred here by a big box employee when the largest they carried was "laughably small").
They will even cut it and carry it to your car for you.
good service, good price, employees that assume you know what you are doing.

Better prices and selection than the Ahwatukee store, but the staff kinda throws me for a loop.
They ask if you need help but, and maybe this is because I'm a woman, I am left with the impression that they really have no interest in helping me out.
Maybe my questions about tomato cage selection is just too much.
LoL!

