Indie pizza places always warm my heart Tables outside on an alley remind me of Paris But I know I'm in America because the soda has free refills

This is the first review we have ever written.
The experience we had was the worst we ever had, and felt it was needed to inform others, at least as a warning.
Yesterday we were waiting for La Piazza (if that is how it is spelt) to open for dinner, and we were starved.
So we crossed the street to have a little appetizer.
We ordered chicken wings.
The discomfort set in when we watched the kid behinde the counter place the wings that looked like they were cooked yesterday, into an oven to warm them.
They were in there abour 4 minutes when he removed them, went into the back and came out a minute later with sauce on them.
I thought maybe they just prep them in the morning and store them well, so getting them ready when they are ordered is a little faster.
I'm actually ok with that.
We took our first bite, and realized it needed to exit our mouths quickly!
The bitting and spitting into a napkin happened in sync.
The chicken was not only cold in the middle and burn on the outside.
It was the texture (and same moisture level) of old jerky.
I'm not kidding that these wings had to have been cooked at least 48 hours earlier than they were served, and left out on the side walk to dehydrate.
I'm not just saying that it was dry chicken.
This explanation is not exagerated.
I don't litterally think it was left on the side walk, but the chicken resembled what it would be if it had!
We were so disturbed we left (after explaining the horror to the kid behinde the counter, and refusing our refund, just to leave as soon as possible).
WORST EVER!!!
NEGATIVE 1000 STARS!
I'm thinking of calling who ever needs to be called when a restaurant is serving harmful food.

This place has everything I like in a small pizza joint.
Pizza by the slice-check Small salads & Wings-check All you can drink soda-check An inviting dining area with two nerds playing Dungeons & Dragons in the corner-super check  If your in downtown Glendale & want a quick slice of pizza then you owe it to yourself to check it out.

My favorite pizza place.
The pizza is amazing, wings are too.
Definitely where I go when I am in downtown Glendale.

This is a nice little place.
The pizza was good and the service was fine.
Good place for a somewhat quick bite to eat.
One bad thing i will say is that Im not a big fan of bringing your kids to work.
That kinda made me uneasy.

Really good pizza.
The sauce is a little on the sweet side but matched well with the crust and fresh toppings.
Red onion, green pepper and pepperoni.
The crust was not too think or too thin and the cheese was melted perfectly.
The price is defiantly right by the slice or the pie.
An added bonus is the free parking garage a block and a half away - and a great comic book store across the street.

I live very near down town Glendale and have always wanted to try their pizza, well last week I finally did.
The fact that it was empty should have told me something.
I have to say that it was no better than pizza hut, dominos, or other chains.
The salad was not exactly fresh, the dressing tasted funny.
The pizza had a great crust but that is all I really liked.
Will not be returning...

I've been here a few times and have ordered by the slice as well as a fresh baked pie.
I hadn't been there in 2 years though, so when some friends and I decided to go to Glendale Glitters, I was very excited to have to opportunity to come back and eat here.
Even when ordering by the slice (when the pizza has been sitting out and reheated) the pizza always tastes fresh and the crust has the perfect crunch.
When we got there this last time the line was out the door.
The staff never missed a beat and was fast and friendly.
The restaurant was packed and noisy, but the restaurant was clean and staff made sure they were heard when they called our names.
I should come back more often!

I can walk to this place for lunch for my work so I've been here a few times.
It's a tiny place with around 8 booths.
They have lunch specials with slices and salads.
I usually get the two slices of cheese.
It's pretty good.
I always recommend getting a fresh pizza but the slices are good if you're by yourself.
I really like the flavor of the sauce and the crispy crust.
The guys who work  there are quick and relatively friendly.
I think they only deliver on weekends.
I've never tried the pastas and I've had a basic garden salad which was nothing to write home about.
But I do like their pizza and recommend for lunch.

Pizza Old Roma is an excellent establishment in downtown Glendale.
The owner, Kolby, is a great guy, and is super personable with all his customers.
He's got some really good lunch specials, or you can buy a whole pie.
Definitely check it out if you are in the area!

Had lunch there today for the first time and loved it.
As I ordered a calzone the staff did mention it was not a New York style but their own version, I loved it.
It is a smalL homey place where you can enjoy great food and people watch out the front window.
The staff were great and friendly, I have a new calzone home!
I'll be back again and again.

been eating this pizza since I was about 5 years old.
It still is good!

Stopped here for lunch the other day after walking by dozens of times over the years.
I had 2 slices of pepperoni lunch special.
Pizza was hot and fresh and very good and tasty.
I've been to places where the lunch-slices are sitting out for a while and are like wet cardboard, but  not here.
Will eat here anytime I have a chance!

We frequent here when activites are happening downtown.
I love the gyro pizza and my daughter could not get enough of the pineapple one!
My husband always tries something new.
Super yummy.
The insides are pretty divy but the food is good!

This is hands down the best pizza in Glendale!
I came here with a bunch of friends in high school and fell in love.
Now I am out of high school and still loving this place.
I bring my daughter here all the time.
I always get pepperoni but I have tried the greek pizza with chicken and it is so good!!
There is a small 5-10 minute wait, but that is only because they make the pizza fresh to order.
Wouldn't go anywhere else for pizza.

took my 2 sons to eat after getting hair cut.
boys sai pizza was best they have ever.

now here is a place that has their act together!
best food i have ever tasted.
top that off with friendly staff and a very clean restaurant, you could not ask for anything more!

Pizza Old Roma is definitely the Best Pizza I have ever eaten.
Great service always, and very reasonable.
If you are out and just looking for a Great Pizza this is the place.
My husband is from Jersey and loves this place.
Says Jersey ain't got nothin on this place.
lol

2 big slices of pepperoni pizza for 2.75, just can't beat that... great flavor all around.
So good I ate the crust, which I rarely do.
Awesome employees, very friendly.
Will definitely be going back regularly, very happy I gave this place a try...
Highly recommended to all.

Great little local pizzeria, popular place.
It is casual and inexpensive.
Pizza slices seem to be made to order, instead of throwing items atop a slice and re-heating it like other places.
My 5 year old says "It is SO Yummy, it's delicious!
" and I must agree.
He inhaled his cheese slice faster than I've ever seen him eat a pizza before.

Great lunch special.
Yummy pizza and really good service.
a friend ordered the wings and raved about them.
Will definitely be back.

Definitely a great spot if you're looking for local, inexpensive pizza.
Personally, I find this to be a bit on the salty side, and the tart sauce doesn't help with that.
However, I always have to appreciate a good pie made fresh by people who care.
Prices are insanely low.
You could probably feed two people for under $10.
I appreciate that it's very clean, and that one time, they delivered it across the street to my friends and I at OTG Wine Bar.
Glendale is slowly being invaded by chains like -bertos an Caramba's.
Join the resistance and give this place a try.

Love this little pizza joint!!!
My bf and I came and ordered calzones and they were delicious....you can put up to SIX toppings for same price (so awesome!!!
), so we had sausage, pepperoni, and mushroom.
It was very very good, my daughter and I split ours because it's that big...very worth it and prices are reasonable.
Next time I'm coming for the pizza because they make it from scratch and you do have to wait a little but who cares it's so worth the wait....because you know you're getting it  FRESH :-) This little restaurant has about maybe 10 tables inside but what I love is the old glendale scenery, if you want to eat outside and enjoy the weather they have a few tables out which reminds me of Italy.
Nice place to chill and relax guys

This is good cheap pizza for those moments when you don't care whether the mozzarella came from buffaloes who had their hooves massaged daily -- you simply want lunch to be cheap, pleasant, filling, and served politely.
The decor that emphasizes vintage Volkswagen buses, presumably to remind the Glendale retirees of eating pizza like this when they were students at UC Berkeley, between protests.
This is a very good pizza to fill you up, ridiculously cheap, when you're exhausted from a hot day of protesting.
It tastes like good, ordinary pizzeria pizza slices used to taste, back before pizza was a gourmet thing.
The crust is thin, mildly salty, and pleasant enough that I ate all of it, though not in the vein of uttermost crust rhapsodies, more with the "don't mind me, nothin' here to see" feel of eating the broken cookie bits from the Chips Ahoy package.
Don't order the ham on your slice, as it's unexciting ham: get pepperoni or sausage.
Toppings are 26 cents each on slices, and the slices are large, so it's quite economical to get exactly what you want, though with slices of this consistency, I would stop at a maximum of four toppings.
A fork's likely to be wanted, unless you believe in doing pizza-slice origami.
I've gone back and forth between three and four stars because it's fairly ordinary pizza, but it's ordinary in a good way, and if I lived in the neighborhood, I'd probably eat here a lot.
My eating the crust justifies the higher rating, as does their delightfully old school method of having customers make iced-tea by pouring tea from a hot-pot with teabags over ice.

