This place is modestly sized.
There is a little alcove dedicated to glasswares/china.
If you're in the area stop on in.
The prices are very reasonable compared to some of the 'higher end' antique stores around here.
Yes antique and thrift stores are different.

-Smaller store.
Very dark, maybe they don't ever turn the lights on since we live in the Valley of the Sun, right?
-Decent prices...sometimes.
Other times, I've found things for a quarter or less than a dollar, so maybe I've gotten spoiled.
-Excellent prices when select things are on sale.
-Somewhat organized, not messy.
I don't remember any funky smells, so maybe it smells ok.  -Lots of knick-knacks & household items, some furniture (overpriced!
), not a lot of clothing (if that's what you seek).
-Convenient parking.
-Located in downtown Glendale (among neighboring Antique stores in the area).

-$450 for a used dresser??
I can buy a NEW one at Ashley Furniture for less!
-$250 for a white particle board bookshelf in terrible condition??
-Who is pricing this stuff?
Someone who watches too much Storage Wars??
-This "thrift store" is not "thrifty", it is way overpriced.

I agree with Susan , I saw a Huffy bike for $200 yesterday , a dress for $100 and yes, the prices are way over priced and the 2 employees never greet you , the girl is always on her phone.
I would fire all employees and hire honest friendly ones.
There is never any good items , I believe one or some of the employees is working with an outside source to sell the valuable items like fine jewelry and antiques , there is never these items .
This place should be shut down for good.
I hope God doesn't punish them for ripping people off and being money hungry.

This place was a bit scary, the floors and shelves were dirty as were most of the furniture.
Really worn, dirty cushions were 3.99 each and a dusty, old Schwinn exercise bike was 139.00.
I get the feeling this location receives the cast-offs because I frequent the location in Chandler which has much nicer items than what I witnessed at this store.
The staff seemed to be more concerned with carrying on their excited conversation behind the counter than to help any of the customers.
I like to frequent not for profit thrift stores like these, but they really need to step up their game to get people in the door.

Negative 5 stars for this place, as others say on here way overpriced items, they had a beach cruiser that had a flat tire, rusty in many places, scratched paint for 100, brand new it was only 69, I offered 20 and they laughed at me.
Telling me I was crazy.
The staff was very rude before and after that.
This place won't last much longer, will be going back and making a list of the several violations that are going on and reporting them to the proper authorities...

So Disappointed!
!!!
I shopped at the St. Vincent's thrift stores where I'm from and they were wonderful.
They were also based on Charity.
This store is based on GREED.
It was filthy, over priced, and the staff was less than kind to anyone I saw come in.
The man behind the counter watched TV and spoke to no one!
Used, torn furniture for $200!
Really?

