Finding a florist is easy - finding a florist that gives you great service, long lasting flowers and remembers you and your likes and dislikes is priceless.
Maureen and her friendly staff create absolutley beautiful floral "everythings".
There is nothing they can't do!
Wreaths for the holidays, special arrangments that require special flowers, and then the most important ones, those flowers for the one you love.
The shop is darling, located in a bungalow in Historic Catlin Court.
Walk up the drive and immediately feel welcomed by the bubbling fountain outside.
Step in the door and let the wonderful fragrances of fresh flowers fill your senses.
Take a look around and the shop and your eyes might rest upon a full variety of house plants.
Or perhaps some of her gifts that are constantly changing - I don't believe I've ever seen the same thing in there twice.
While it may look like a little shop from the outside, it isn't!
They send thousands upon thousands of arrangements out their doors every year.
And each and every one of them gets personal attention, just what you want when ordering your flowers.
From the time the order is placed until the time it is delivered, it is in the best of hands.
I love the fact that she knows her customers by name, knows what flowers and colors are favorites and always puts that extra special touch into each and every order.
Need something high style?
Modern?
Classic?
Or the truly romantic gold box of roses?
You name it - they can do it for you.
The best florist in town?
That would be Glendale Flowers.

This is the place to get your flowers every body.
I like to shop & dine local business only.
So we always try the little shops .
This wonderful place is in downtown Historic Glendale on 58th drive & myrtle .
It's small but very friendly , products is very nice  also.
She can make you simple designs or very fancy ones .
I'm just a rose girl , love the long stem roses.
I have never had a regret yet from them.

The best shop since leaving Flowerama..... Couldn't be more happy with the arrangements my husband has purchased from the best florist he's ever worked with.
Thanks so much.

I won a contest several months back and the arrangement that I won was amazing!
I was blown away by the quality and the aroma of the flowers everything smelled so good.
The roses were huge and they lasted much longer then the regular arrangements that I normally get from online flower places.
I loved the quality and hope my husband gets the hint to shop here more!

Glendale Flowers did the floral arrangements for my dads memorial service, they did an outstanding job.
I saved a ton of money by ordering them over the phone and then picking them up instead of ordering them online and having them delivered.
Before I picked up the flowers, I regreted not buying corsages and boutianeers for my loved ones.
When my friend and I showed up to pick up the flowers, they had some in the fridge and gave me a great deal on them because they were supposed to be for a wedding the following weekend and they made them by mistake.
Score!
Thanks Glendale Flowers.

5 stars is NOT enough!
They did an amazing job putting together 2 bouquets.
We placed a last minute order and they were able to get it done in 30 minutes!
They were beautiful!
The owner was kind enough to let us choose which flowers to put in our bouquets, making it a truly one of a kind bouquet.
I recommend this place to everyone, you will NOT be disappointed!!!

Ordered flowers from out of state for Mother's Day.
Specifically asked for no Carnations and gave an example of what I wanted on their website.
Paid $90+.
Well I got a thank you from the person who received them.
I asked  what flowers they put in and low and behold CARNATIONS!
Also, nothing even close to what was on the website.
I made a call to complain.
Sandy, was very apologetic and I requested to make the transaction right.
Requested a refund which Sandy, agreed.
Owner Christine never called me to take care of it.
Basically, got blown off.
I suggest if using a florist in the Glendale area be aware of what exactly you are ordering.
I feel taken advantage of being an out of town customer.

