My friend and I stopped on our way home from work and when we got out of the car we could smell the fresh baked bread all the way out into the parking lot.
The aroma was so inviting.
I was craving a Concha and believe me it was the best I've had here in Arizona.
My friend is a huge flour tortilla fan and the ones she bought at this bakery were really really good according to her.
I'm sure I'll be stopping here often.

My daughter and I stopped in on a Saturday.
We happened to be at Pratt's Feed which is right down the road and decided to stop on our way out of Glendale.
There was a line but it went really fast.
We ended up getting pan dulce, doughnuts, cookies and freshly made tortillas.
We watched the tortillas come off the tortilla maker and get bagged for us.
My child ate several plain tortillas on the way home.
This was the best part of our purchase, warm tortillas are the best.
The cookies and other sweets were good, I always like Mexican bakery food because it isn't so sweet you get grossed out.
They were just right.
The price was excellent, could never have bought so much at a regular bakery.
Will go back again.
F.Y.I.
I believe they may only take cash and this is a local neighborhood bakery that looks like it's been there forever, don't expect flashy decor.

Wanna impress your coworkers on Friday mornings?
Screw Dunkin' Donuts!!!
I used to live in Glendale for a while and because a lot of downtown Glendale is made up of lots of Chicano/Mexican families pan dulce (sweet bread) from this place is all everyone ever has at parties, birthdays, Saturday morning breakfast, etc.
I am certain they are family owned and have been in Glendale for many, many years.
Usually they have 3 women running the front counter so do not be alarmed by the line.
They try to get people in and out as soon as possible.
They are very helpful if you do not know the names, most are in Spanish and they will assist you with names if you ask.
My favorite is the chilindrina (chee-lean-dree-na) it's round with yellow and chunks of sugar on top.
You can't go wrong with the conchas (the bread that looks like shells, in a variety of color) or the cochinitos (the little gingerbread pigs).
Ranch Market, Food City, whomever the hell, has NOTHING on this place!!!!
The one thing you will notice is how soft this bread is and how it melts like butter when you bite into it.
Lots of other Mexican markets offer tasteless, on the verge of being stale, hard bread (as much as I love you, yes, this means you Ranch Market).
Nobody likes a bread where all the yummy little sugar pieces fall to the floor when you bite into it:( Also, the next day lots of breads are even tougher.
Not this bread, it stays soft for a days, if it even makes it to a few days.
The red chili burritos are little, but orgasmic.
Perhaps a few breads, a burrito and if you can somehow get your hands on a bottled Mexican Coke, it's time to get down to business, so unzip your pants and do it where people can't watch you, oh yeah...  Also,I don't believe they tell you, but if you get your bread in a box they will charge for the box.
They stay well in the little free bag especially if your order is small.
That way you can get an extra bread for the little homeless lady that sits on a bucket outside.
Oh, and they are CASH ONLY.

The bread here is good.
The flour tortillas are delicious.
The line could be crazy at times but well worth the wait.
As of now this is my favorite panaderia in the county.

Fantastic Mexican bread.
Fresh everyday and they sell masa for tamales.
You can get in there as early as 6am.

Came for tortillas, blown away by the bakery.
Amazing tortillas, not too thin and overrated (Carolinas), but casera.
Good ass tortillas!
Just ate one with butter at 10:30pm and and it puffed up like a bullfrog, that is THE tortilla test.
'Cuse me , gotta go eat another one bc I can't concentrate while it is calling me...

OH, great Pan de Muerto and more tortillas of course

I originally came in here looking for a Baker to bake a Birthday cake how I wanted but I'm not sure if this was the right place to go.
We waited a long time by the area where the cakes are and even though there were more than 3 people working no one came to assist us.
Finally my husband got in the line for ordering the mexican sweet bread and waited until they got to him.
When it was his turn he told the lady we wanted to order a cake so the lady walked to where I was at and finally started taking our order.
She wanted to rush our order even though we were trying to explain what we wanted.
She only gave me two options for the actual cake.
Vanilla or tres leches.
After we were done explaining what we wanted I payed for the cake I need for Saturday May 12th and then she told me that what I wanted for decorations might not be available so to come back Tuesday and talk to the cake Lady.
I'm a business owner and a mother of a young baby and don't have time to drive around just to check to see if they do or don't have what I need available.
I guess I'll wait til Tuesday and if they don't have what I need available then I'll get my money back and go to Shelly's Specialty Desserts.

We were on the West side and since we had a sitter, we decided to check out an authentic Mexican Bakery.
Since my hubby is going back on Hcg, I am doing it for support too, we decided to go out with a bang.
We used to go to a Mexican Bakery in Tampa, where they had this pastry that looked like a little pie filled with pastry cream.
I had not been able to find it in town, of course I have not looked very hard.
Well, this place had it.
It is called "Canasta".
We decided to buy a bunch of pastries, I think we got 10, we bought some for our sitter and her kids.
What a bargain for less than $10.
The "Canasta" was delicious, the crust was very good, however not the same texture as the one I had in Tampa.
Less shortbread like.
The apple turnover was very good too.
The only one I didn't care for was this twisted churro like pastry.
I little dry for my taste.
I didn't try the Palmiere yet (Elephant ear).
Maybe with coffee this morning.
Good thing this place is over 30 miles away from my house, I couldn't afford the calories if they were closer.

Go here!
It's a big bakery, mostly Mexican treats with some American too.
The staff is friendly and the bakery cases are full of beautiful pastries and cookies, and just ask for a dozen flour tortillas and they're handed to you still warm.
The pan dulce is offered in every variety and my favorite, the crescent- shaped covered in sugar and cinnamon (sorry I don't know the proper name), is the BEST I've had.

We love this place in our home.
We pick up cochitos, fruit filled empanadas, and tortillas every few weeks to have at home.
Unfortunately it is a new year and that will have to stop because you can get pretty fat if you eat too many cochitos.
You will literally turn into one!
The pastries make for a delicious breakfast with some coffee.
Or a midnight snack when you can't wait till morning to steal that last one...
The tortillas are really very good also!
Gorditas, almost.
Not quite as fluffy.
Delicious flavor, and last quite a while in the fridge.
Mmmm my son loves having these tortillas at home, almost every day he will walk in the door and ask "mom, can I have a tortilla with butter?
" and as long as we have them, I oblige.
Takes me back to my childhood when my nanita would be standing at the comal making her own and my cousins and I would eat them like that, with butter, almost faster than she could make them!
Thank you for the heavy dose of nostalgia, La Purisima Bakery!
You have many fans in our household.

Me and my daughter were craving something sweet.
After reading the reviews for La Parisima we decided to take the long drive to satisfy our sugar craving.
So glad we did!!!!
The staff was friendly, fast, and efficient.
The pastries are amazing and fresh.
Also, don't forget to try the fresh, hot, homemade tortillas.
Another tip, bring cash, as they will not accept any other form of payment.

Still the best pan dulce around!
Rarely on this side of town but worth the drive alone.
Busy even during the week.
Come early on Saturday.
Yummy.
And still after all these years "CASH ONLY".
So don't forget to run to the ATM prior.

Given the chance (and the ability to lose weight with a wish), I could grab a pastry here every other day.
Although I've never had  their cakes, you can't lose with a pumpkin empaneda or a red beef tamale.
On the tamales, they don't wrap them in papers anymore and these things are huge!
It could be a meal in itself and they are tasty.

Got a bag of many different pastries.
Every single one of them was stale, barely edible.
Super disappointing since a few years ago this place was a solid 4.

I cannot believe I wasted my time and money.
I don't know what is going on, but all the pastries and bread tasted horrible.
I handed a churro to my twins and they returned it to me, so I took a bite.
It was stale.
I couldn't believe they could go stale.
That place seems to be so busy.
Then I handed them a cookie, again, they handed it back to me.
I took a bite and it was no good.
I then tasted a few of the other items, by the time we got home, the whole thing went in the trash can.
I had a horrible aftertaste in my mouth, almost like a filmy, greasy, lardy aftertaste, yuk.

We live in Albuquerque and a couple times a year we get to Glendale to visit familia.
Before we leave, our habit is to stop at the best bakery in two states, La Purisima, where we load up a couple of boxes to enjoy back home.
Expect a line of eager customers on a Sunday morning, but don't worry the line moves fast.
The cakes, pastries, and breads are fresh like no other.
The tamales are moist and delicious, in three flavors, red, green, and sweet.
Enjoy... we do!

Super good sweet Mexican bread, soft, and delicious.
But beware, be prepared to wait in line, there is always a line waiting to get the goodies.
We got tamales (green, red, and rajas), the green and rajas were good, but the red chile were bland.
Haven't tried their Menudo, that is only sold during the weekend, nor the burritos, which I am guessing are filled with the same green and red chile.

My wife wanted mexican bread for Mother's Day so I found this hidden gem!!!
Great service  We ordered about a dozen delicious mexican pastries  7.0--- pink fat bread  10.0--- white fat bread.
Just perfection .
So soft and fluffy.
Can't just eat 1  7.0--pigs  7.0-- pink cookie bread- flat and crunchy   10.0--- pumpkin empanadas   Their pink flavoring is just off otherwise I would have given it 5 star.
This is the best mexican bread I have had other than in the San Fernando valley in California .

Tamales were good but too bad we came at a bad time since they only had "Verde" left.
As far as the baked goods go they were great!
Never had filling in churros before and they came out tasting pretty good.
Nice, clean and friendly staff here.

