Very helpful staff who really know what they are talking about.
Very flexable when I needed to change my appointment.
Very quick service.
Had a window tint done and it turned out great!.

I dropped in to have a brake controller installed.
They were more then happy to get it done asap.
They also were able to re-position the hitch for a better/safer ride.
I will be back for any other hitch issues.

Got a hitch installed on our 91 Toyota.
They ran into a problem, called us right away, we gave the OK and they pressed on with the install.
Great on the price too, we researched the same item and they came in at 50.00 under with install.
Also had the front two windows tinted to match the rest of the truck.
That turned out well.

Great customer service and excellence tinting job will come again

I came here to get my windows tinted!
Loved the ENTIRE experience, from the phone call to set up the appointment Gabe was very friendly and knowledgable, to the gentleman who tinted the windows - he did a phenomenal job, to the woman who took my payment - Linda, I believe was her name, friendly and informed me of what to expect and how to care for the newly tinted windows!
I'd definitely recommend this to anyone who is of need of their services!

I came by to get a quote and appointment for an electronic brake controller.
They fit me in right then and there, and they were done at exactly the time they said they would be (ok, to be totally accurate, they were done at 5:01 when they promised 5:00--LOL).
The job seems to be done well and everything works as expected.
The price was reasonable on the labor and parts, no surprises, the quote was exactly right.
As an added bonus, while you wait you can go to the excellent BBQ restaurant next door.
They also have free wi-fi.
Will certainly use again when I have trailer-related needs.

This is the second time at Arizona Hichman, I was first sent there because of problems with the used hitch and trailer that I bought.
It had a load leveling system.
I returned today, with no appointment.
I could not drop my trailer, the hitch would not release.
They were very busy, all bays were full and several trailers were in their driveway being or waiting to be worked on.
I was desperate, I can not park my camper on the street more then 12 hrs, I needed my truck.
They told me to park it behind the restaurant, they would take care of it and fit it in.
I waited most of the afternoon, but they did the job.
When I got to the storage lot I had no problem disconnect.
I am so happy and great full that they took the extra time and fixed my problem.
This makes very loyal customers.

Mm?

