Wow, I had Greg with Coyote Blinds come by my home and get me just 2 blinds for my french doors to my back patio.
I had gotten prices from both Lowes and Home Depot nearby but I was looking to spend close to $500-$700 depending on what we ordered and then I would have to install them myself.
Greg came over as a referral and I was skeptical that he could do it for much less than the big box stores but he was very helpful in choosing which blind to go with and since he brought samples i could compare these to my existing blinds in my home.
It was great!
The best news is that he ordered them and installed them for about $300!
Wow, he actually saved me money and put them in himself.
I would highly recommend calling these guys before you need any blinds, wood shutters, or anything that covers your windows....even if it is only for 1-2 windows.

Coyote Blinds came in and gave me a smoking deal on blinds, as well as fixed some broken ones I had.
I dealt with Greg.
He was great and made it very simple!

Greg from Coyote Blinds is extremely professional and does an excellent job.
He came to my home and measured for blinds and sunscreens.
He returned the next week and installed them.
He is fast in the installation and I was so pleased with the product and quality!
What I really liked was he priced the windows separately and offered to allow me to purchase them on a as needed basis.
I was glad I made the plunge and purchased them all at one time.
What a difference in my house and my light bill!
I would highly recommend Coyote Blinds to anyone needing blinds or sunscreens.

What a find.
Greg is the ultimate professional.
Orignially just wanted one door covered with wooden blinds, but i was so impressed with the fact the owner would come out and quote me a price and bring samples right to my house  I decided to do another room.
Professional, good price, friendly and installed for me.
This is truly a find, I would recommend any one looking at window coverings to check coyote blinds.

Greg is so professional and knowledgable.
I have older windows and tried to get estimates from other companies but no other company knew how to properly install blinds with my complicated windows Not only did Greg know what to do, he did it for a better price!

Greg at Coyote Blind Company was absolutely UH-MAY-ZING!!!
We shopped around, received multiple estimates and Greg surpassed them all!!!
The quality is UNBELIEVABLE!!!
It's been over a year since we had our blinds installed and the STILL look brand new!!!
Easy to clean/wipe down (btw, ALL different sizes -- foyer is tall and narrow, family room -- tall and wide, kitchen pretty standard but not, in addition to four more bedrooms -- all different sizes).
He installed 13 blinds in no time.
I'm very picky but more than satisfied a year later.
I actually came on here so I could call and have him custom make blinds for our sliding glass door.
Then I realized I never wrote a review.
Glad I didn't bc now anyone wondering about the true quality of these blinds...look no further!
Make the call.
We have a custom built home and quality is everything to us.
We will continue to refer CBC to anyone and everyone looking!!

Greg was so great to work with!
He was able to do just what I wanted for a great price and get me super quality shutters.
He matched my shutters to my paint, helped me get a custom molding around my shutters to match my cupboards, and did everything with a smile and FAST!!
I am so glad I went with him!
I am a perfectionist and he was just perfect to work with.
Thanks Greg!!
If your looking for window treatments look no further, you wont be disappointed!

Have to edit on original review....Greg made up for lost time and he was able to get our other blind put up and he was willing to do it at cost, well we can't have that!
We asked him if we have any other business can we call him and he said yes.
Excellent service with a great smile!

