Great place to find some gems.
Deal with Nancy.
She is awesome.
It's locally owned and family run (the sons do most of the deliveries).
Support local businesses.
I will buy from them again and will be a customer for life.
Their terms are fair and they are very agreeable to negotiate on many items.

My husband and I just bought our first home and are ready to start shopping.
When my aunt recomended this place I of course went to yelp.com first.
Someone left a great review and even mentioned how great a woman named Nancy was to them.
I went in the store the same day and I actually met Nancy and have been working with her on a few things for our new home.
I can honestly say that the selection at Design Source is beautiful.
They truly carry quality pieces and they have such a wide variety.
They also do a lot of custom work.
Now about Nancy.
What can I say besides FABULOUS!
She was such a huge help.
She is beyond friendly, knowledgable, speedy and helpful.
She has made the process of buying furniture seem so stress free.
She has truly done her best to give us some wonderful deals.
I would recommend this store to anyone who is out there looking for gorgeous quality furniture at reasonable prices.
I highly recommend you ask for Nancy as well.
My husband and I are hooked to this store.
We will be lifetime customers for sure!
Get in there and check it out!!!

My husband and I purchased a sectional last Labor Day.
We worked with Michael who was very helpful and provided us space to look around and try out a variety of sofas.
The sofa that we were replacing was purchased from Design Source eight years earlier and served us well.
However, the new sofa we purchased last Labor Day has been a VERY DISAPPOINTING EXPERIENCE.
The sectional was delivered mid-October and we immediately noticed that it sagged 2-3 inches and the foot section slanted uphill.
When sitting on the sofa, you feel like you are sinking and it is difficult to get up from a sitting position.
We called Customer Service and were told take pictures and they would send out a specialist (who immediately recognized the "uphill-edness").
After the specialist's visit, that particular section was sent to the manufacturer for repair.
The section was returned mid-December.
When the section was redelivered to our house, we identified no change.
I spoke to Judy in Customer Service and was told nothing else could be done.
However, Judy stated that Design Source would give us a cushion insert that could be used and may be helpful.
This was in January and we have not received the cushion insert or a call from Customer Service.
According to Customer Service and a second sales professional, sinking into the cushions is a characteristic of down-filled, non-attached cushions.
It would have been helpful for Michael to tell us this fact when we purchased the sectional, because we clearly communicated that we needed to purchase a new sectional due to our old couch sagging.
The quality of the base/frame is uneven and poor quality of the base is not something we anticipated.
All that to say, we will never purchase another piece of furniture from Design Source due to the poor guarantee.

On 7/14/13 I placed an order for a couch and made a large down payment ($900.00) I was told I would be contacted when the couch came in.
After two months of not hearing from them I called and it took me two weeks to finally get an answer about my couch.
Nancy, the sales person, finally called and said there was a problem with the fabric I chose.
She said it was a premium fabric and cost more that she quoted me but the company would take care of the difference.
However, she then proceed to tell me the 5 pillows that came with the sofa would cost me an additional $600.00 because of this fabric mix-up.
I told her I would think about it and later when I got back to her I told her I wasn't going to pay the additional $600.00 and she said that the store wasn't going to honor the contract because of the mistake in price and they would refund my money.
So now I am without a couch and have to start all over to find one I like.
You can be sure it will not be with this company.
Watch out when you go there obviously they are not honest with people up front.
They had use of my money for over two months and then decide they don't want to do business.
This is not a company you want to deal with.

I went to the Design Source Furniture store on Bell Road in October 2013 to find several items for my new home.
I walked around the store for a while before I talked to anyone as the ladies appeared busy even though I was the only customers in the store.
Eventually I met with Tina after asking for assistance.
After some observation I really felt that the ladies in the store were part of some type of man haters club.
They felt snobbish (fake smiles and laughs) and a couple of them mentioned they were divorced.
They mentioned that at the end of the day they like to close the store and drink wine before heading home.
After learning of this my first thought was boy I wonder how much they drink before they drive home.
I liked the furniture so I returned with my wife a couple days later.
I ordered over 11,000 of furniture after a couple hours with Tina and all I can say is I regret it after reading the other reviews on here and living the experience myself.
Design Source don't seem to care about the customer or how much you spend because the service don't get any better.
I see that others have had awful experiences with them as well.
When ordering the furniture, Tina told me that the items will arrive at different times.
I asked about delivery and she told me that they offer delivery for 100.00 but since I ordered so much I could get my order delivered at no charge.
I asked if more than half of my order arrived could I get more than one delivery with no charge.
Tina said "I'm sure we can make an exception for you since you have such a large order".
Once half of my order arrived at their warehouse in December 2013.
(Remember I first made my order in October 2013) I asked about having it delivered and Tina said that I only get one free delivery and the second would cost me another 100.00.
I said keep it then and I will just have to wait until it all arrived.
I expressed how I was upset that Tina lied to me about making an exception however there was no apology or any remorse.
I should have gotten that in writing when I made the order.
No worries because I wont buy anything from Design Source Furniture again.
That is tough luck for Design Source because I was planning to order 2 more bedroom sets.
They say they are a family owned business but they forget that if they want to call customers family they have to remember who keeps their doors open.
When I ordered my couch pillows we were able to see the fabric, feel it and ensure it matched our decor.
At that point we already had window valances hung over the windows in our home that closely matched the couch pillows we ordered.
I was leaving the country and would not be back for several months and I didn't expect to have to make changes to my order once I completed it with my deposit.
A "couple weeks" later my wife was notified by Tina that the fabric for the pillows was no longer available.
My first question was why did it take over two weeks to find this out.
I could have met with Tina with my wife before I departed to fix this.
I was not able to meet with Tina to find something that worked for us.
Instead my wife had to go there "again" and send me email's with other choices.
They did not have many choices left so we were stuck with three pattern to chose from.
Tina did offer to go to my home and assist with picking another pattern.
I did not want anyone in my home so we decided to just take whatever we could get.
I finally received delivery of my furniture in January 2014.
The delivery guys were great and did a good job and were very respectful.
One of the tables I ordered ended up needing some repair on the legs as the bolt was over tightened and it pulled out of the table when it was assembled.
I refused to call the store to ask for it to be repaired and repaired just it myself with Gorilla Glue.
I want nothing to do with Design Source Furniture and refuse to ever shop there again.
If you decide to shop there make sure to get every detail in writing because they make you leave a deposit for anything you order so they can keep the upper hand.

I recently had to move my elderly mother here from Wisconsin.
I selected an adult facility for her in Peoria and we had to find some smaller scaled furniture to fit in her apartment.
The marketing director at the facility recommended that I go to the Arrowhead location of Design Source Furniture.
From the moment I walked in with my mother, we were greeted with smiles and an eagerness to help us solve our furniture dilemma.
We explained our needs and from the get go, our little gal, Tina and her associate Brenda took us through the entire store helping us to locate smaller scale furniture.
The other issue that we had was that we needed it sooner than later.
Tina picked out several options and then even followed me to my mother's new apartment to measure to make sure everything would fit.
We ended up purchasing everything we needed and they scheduled a delivery for a few days later.
Tina met the delivery drivers at my mother's apartment and helped to stage the furniture.
The delivery personnel were respectful and courteous.
I can't tell you what a relief it was to receive all of the help that we did.
The staff at Design Source really knows how to satisfy any of your furniture needs with not only a warm and friendly atmosphere but with a dedication to your needs and satisfying any design dilemmas.

I recently had to move my elderly mother here from Wisconsin.
I selected an adult facility for her in Peoria and we had to find some smaller scaled furniture to fit in her apartment.
The marketing director at the facility recommended that I go to the Arrowhead location of Design Source Furniture.
From the moment I walked in with my mother, we were greeted with smiles and an eagerness to help us solve our furniture dilemma.
We explained our needs and from the get go, our little gal, Tina and her associate Brenda took us through the entire store helping us to locate smaller scale furniture.
The other issue that we had was that we needed it sooner than later.
Tina picked out several options and then even followed me to my mother's new apartment to measure to make sure everything would fit.
We ended up purchasing everything we needed and they scheduled a delivery for a few days later.
Tina met the delivery drivers at my mother's apartment and helped to stage the furniture.
The delivery personnel were respectful and courteous.
I can't tell you what a relief it was to receive all of the help that we did.
The staff at Design Source really knows how to satisfy any of your furniture needs with not only a warm and friendly atmosphere but with a dedication to your needs and satisfying any design dilemmas.

