I bought a "Crystal Pure" Reverse Osmosis system at Lowe's and this is the company that shows up to install it.
They are supposedly the same company as Crystal Pure according to Lowe's.
If you are looking cross-eyed at the fact that i bought a Reverse Osmosis system because you don't know what the hell it is and are wondering if I'm caught up in the Texas UFO fever or something, it is just a water purification system that goes under your kitchen sink and can hook up to a tap on your sink and your refridgerator.
I don't think I would know what the hell an RO system is if I hadn't grown up with one, but now I can't live without one.
I'm not sure how so many people do.
Their top-o-tha-line RO system cost 320, but came with a penny install special.
It actually was a 20 dollar install special when I started the paper work at Lowe's, but while waiting for the Lowe's plumbing dude to finish the papers as a dozen people came up asking where light bulbs, garbage disposals, and paperweights were, the Crystal Pure rep called up and said it was now a penny install special.
Everything comes up Mike!
There was an extra 60 dollar charge for running a line to my refridgerator and and 8 dollar charge for an upgrade to a primo EURO FAUCET (I know you're jealous), but all in all it was a pretty good deal for an awesome RO system.
Especially with the 250 dollar Lowe's gift card I got from my work.
HOLLA!
They were able to come the next weekend (although at 7 a.m.) to install it and did the whole setup in a little over an hour.
The system itself is incredible, way better then your Mom's RO system.
The water and ice cubes taste great (in that they have no taste at all), but the real test was with this sweet little water tester they gave me that tests total dissolved solids in water to PPM.
Which leads me to my new favorite hobby, WATER TESTING.
I know, I'm pretty exciting.
Apparently the bare minimum for safe drinking water according to the EPA is 500 PPM.
What does cenPho city tap water score???
A barely acceptable 440.
Ouch.
Screw plastic bags, I'd keep the kiddies away from running water.
When the RO system was first cooking it was scoring a 130 as it was working out the kinks.
But last time I tested, it was down to a 30.
This is awesome compared to Costco bottled water which is a 40.
Although the unquestioned king of water, in case you are keeping score at home, is Sparklets water from my work which scored a perfect 0.
Congrats, ladies and gentlemen.

Good water softener and service  Bought the Krystal Pure water softener at Lowes.
The staff seem to be fans of the units compared to other manufacturers' products.
Scheduling was easy and they arrived bright and early a few days later for the install.
They secured the necessary permits, communicated well, offered to take the broken softener, explained operations clearly, and gave me the numbers for fast response if anything went wrong.
Nothing did and everything passed Goodyear inspections cleanly when they came out.
Warranty terms are very strong compared to the large manufacturers.
You pay more for the device and less for the install, oddly enough.
I haven't had to use the warranty service, so can't say if they do a good job on the post-installation support.

I bought my water system at Lowes 9/8/12.
Their contractor, I'm guessing is  Las Vegas Quality Water.
WOW.
THEY SHOULD CHANGE AND HIRE A REAL COMPANY.
The technician who came, did not come prepared.
When I went to Lowe's I let them know that I had a stainless steel sink.
The technician's drill that he brought, did not go through my sink.
It just turned bright red (from all the heat) and had metal shavings go every where.
He had to call a co worker for parts and equipment.
SO WE WAITED.
AWKWARD.
He left a complete mess underneath my cabinets...
I'll attach pictures.
Cables sprung up at me out of no where, and he left wood shavings all in my clean pots and pans.
They say when it comes to change my yearly filter it will be "free"... We will see in a few months.
KEEP IN MIND, THIS IS STILL UNDER WARRANTY.
I haven't even had this a year, and I am noticing black particles in my ice, and seeing as how we did an ice run line as well, I called the company, and jumped through a few hoops.
I told the technician about the black in my ice, and over the phone, he told me that it sounds like one of my tank's filters has ruptured.....
I was told that a technician would call me in a few days to schedule a drop by.
They called me a few days later from a number that only had four, YES, FOUR (4) digits.
So I didn't answer, because, one I don't answer numbers I don't know, and especially an odd looking one.
An associate left left a message, and for extreme personal reasons, I was not able to get back to them.
Weeks later, we were in contact again.
The woman that I dealt with was excessively rude, telling me that they would not be sending out a technician, because there was nothing "wrong" with my water..... even though it's the water that goes to my freezer.
I told her about what THEIR technician had told me over the phone about a rupture.
She told me that I need to have my freezer checked out.
Refused to even send out a technician to CHECK.
This has not happened before I got this system.
KEEP IN MIND...
STILL UNDER WARRANTY.
I've paid HUNDREDS to have this installed.
They'll get your money, and then treat you like garbage.
NEVER using them AGAIN.
A technician came out to change filters, and what do you know, NO MORE BLACK CRAP in our ice cubes.
Cheap company that doesn't want to do anything extra.

We got a R/o system and Water softener at Spencers, the install was a hack job, 3 inch wholes for 1 inch pipe, didn't clean up.
right off the bad system didn't work and they had to come back out, a year later had issues and the warranty just went out and charged $159 TO look at softener, and replace filters on r/o next day garage was flooded with brine water and softener still isn't working, they want $89 to come out again to fix the problem the made, Stay away from AMERIFLO

