I went there last night for their monthly open house.
Let me just say, if you are looking to get married or even hold a bridal/baby shower, this is THE place.
I am just starting to plan my wedding and I was lucky enough to stumble across this place online.
It's reasonably priced which is UNHEARD of in the wedding industry.
We pulled up, parked on the street because I did not notice they had a lot behind them until later.
Most of their preferred vendors were there.
Loved the bartending service, Hey Bartender LLC.
Owner, Chad was there.
He is very personable without being annoying which is rare for a bartender.
Met with Truffle Trolley, YUM!
Their cakes and truffles are delish, will be booking them.
Toured Virginia's House, it's very old circa 1913 (there's a sign out front).
It's quaint, has that "old house" smell.
Only a few minor blemishes on the inside, but I'm sure they'll be fixed soon.
The outside is the main event anyway.
Their garden is beautiful, perfect for any intimate wedding.
Lots of greenery and a small gazebo.
They also have a back house where they tend to serve food during events, perfectly sized and placed.
Natalie, one of the coordinator's is amazing.
She is very nice (not the fake sales nice) and is extremely accomodating.
You can tell that she takes pride in her work and is truly there for the people.
I am very excited to work one on one with her to plan my wedding.
We spoke briefly last night about some rough estimates and it was definitely what I want.

Virginia's house is an old victorian house located in historic downtown Glendale.
I attended a wedding here and I thought that the venue was very charming.
The house was decorated for Christmas and I think it added a magical touch on that special day.
Natalie (the coordinator) was very nice and made sure everything went smoothly.
She even helped us figure out how to tie up the corset on the brides wedding dress!
My friend bragged about how inexpensive the wedding was so I would definitely recommend Virgina's house for brides to be on a budget.
The only downfall of having an event here is the location.
It's not in the best neighborhood and while my friend was having her wedding we could here people at the Hispanic church across the street.
I also caught the next door neighbor peeking through the fence!
Regardless of those minor issues I will tell everyone about Virginia's house for weddings, receptions, and other special occasions.

Magic happens when you open the door of endless possibilities at Virginia House as though something lead you here where you are supposed to be.
Natalie guided us through the wedding process with such ease that I felt as though I should be doing more but instead I got to enjoy the process.
Every bride has a different journey and needs but I must say there is no better place to be in going through that path than with someone who has a passion for the business of love.
It was important that my groom and I share our uniqueness with our friends and family but it had to be on a budget.
Our friends and family never knew it was a budget wedding.
Instead we got nothing but compliments about how amazing it was even by the harshest critic.
The whole night was like a dream that I will relive in my thoughts for years to come.

Absolutely adorable!
We are looking forward to holding our commitment ceremony at Virginia's House.
We were referred to Natalie after our previous venue, Pinnacle Vista Villa, fell thru.
Natalie was so helpful and accommodating and really set our mind at ease.
Needless to say we will be able to sleep tonight knowing that our plans are back on track.
Thank you.

Virgina's House was a pleasure to work with.
Natalie was very easy and comfortable to work with.
I'm looking forward to having my wedding there this November.
I recommend Virgina's House to anyone looking for an amazing patio wedding.

Virgina's House was a pleasure to work with.
Natalie was very easy and comfortable to work with.
I'm looking forward to having my wedding there this November.
I recommend Virgina's House to anyone looking for an amazing patio wedding.

Natalie is amazing!
She is your go to girl!!
Our wedding is very important to us and we want a nice place for a smaller wedding.
We did a lot of shopping around and we just never found that person that we fully felt like we could trust and they had our best interest in mind.
We finally found Natalie, and we are so happy we did.
The outside garden venue area is beautiful and the home is amazingly gorgeous.
I am in customer service, so good customer service is number one to me.
Natalie has an answer (multiple answers actually) for every question and puts you at ease.
She also knows ways to save in different areas without losing the things we want.
We still have time until our wedding but I know everything will go smoothly thanks to Natalie.
She is a professional who knows what she's doing and loves what she does.
I would recommend her to anyone!

