Honestly had forgotten about Palermo's down the road, but glad a friend of mine reminded she went there recently.
So dinner was had and glad we "remembered" this place.
Tasty NY style pizza and we also got some wings to split.
We will certainly not forget about Palermo's anytime soon.

Love, love, love it!
I don't even live in AZ anymore.
My husband is AD Navy so we move a lot.
Good thing we have family back in AZ still or we wouldn't have an excuse to come eat here!
The pizza rocks, it's addicting, not to forget the wings...
The wings are to die for, they are the bomb!
Crispy, spicy (or not) and just down right awesome.
And the people are so friendly and great to be around.
I can't wait to come eat their again in November :)

I love Palermo's.
I usually go to their location on 67th Ave & Indian School and I'm never disappointed.
My husband and I went to this location yesterday for a couple of slices and a soda and it was really good.
The slices were huge and brought out to us on real plates with real silverware--very rare in a pizza parlor.
The slices could have been slightly hotter but they were delicious!
We'll be back.

Friendly service on the phone and for the quick pick up, and the pizza was ready when specified.
Aroma wasn't terribly appealing on the way home and I think it's the canned mushrooms that were on the pizza.
Anyway, the cheese & sauce were fine, and the crust had a nice thin chewy middle while perfectly crisp on the exterior.
Down at the end of the slice it was more of the same, almost like a chewy french bread middle with crispy outer crust.
As already mentioned, I wish the mushrooms were more of the HQ stuff that are hand cut.
Sure I didn't see them open a can of mushrooms, but they sure looked and smelled like them.
Prices are reasonable.
Medium pizza is really what I could consider a large, and barely fit the box in which it was enclosed.
Mozz sticks seemed like the frozen and fried kind.

Average Good and Cheap.
What can I say the food was good.
The service was good.
Pizza hot and crisp crust.
Wings were hot and not over fried.
Price was right.
Perfect for a school sports pizza outing, watching the game or family night.

Best pizza in the valley that I've had (I've yet to do Pizzaria Banco).
Great service, always made fast, and GREAT pricing...doens't travel well, so if you're gonna have it in your car for a while I wouldn't recommend it...I think that's why there's a lot of "soggy crust" comments etc...

We just moved into the area and have started to check out the local Pizzerias, so we decided on Palermo's a few nights ago.
My husband walked in and ordered a large veggie with italian sausage.
The guy at the counter suggested adding the fresh cut garlic to the pizza, we love garlic so why not !!
Once he got home with the pizza and opened the box , it looked ok, and smelled ok, but as soon as I took a bite I got a mouth full of pre-minced jarred garlic.
It came right back out, I figured maybe it was just that bite and took another one to give it another chance.
NO WAY the whole pizza was covered in it, not to mention the peppers were not fresh but canned marinated red peppers and the olives as well.
I was so disappointed and on top of it the pizza was $21.00, I felt ripped off.
Wont go back.

I am actually really bummed because I moved to North Phoenix, and have yet to find a good pizza place up here.
I have been going to Palermos for 10 years while I had lived in Avondale.
The location on 83rd and buckeye, and 91st and thomas, are just the same.
These are my absolute favorite wings, anywhere, ever.
They have the sauce calibrated to perfection.
I am regularly yelled at as a wing hog by my family.
The pizza is really good.
some people call it soggy, but I think it's just very soft.
It is very thin, but they crisp it just right, to allow it to remain soft, with a very light crunch to it.
the end crust is so freaking good, and that is always usually crunchy.
The pizza is enormous.
If you have kids, you can cut the peices in half for them.
2 slices + 10 wings, and I'm wasted.
Pizza wasted.
The dude there has been there forever, and he's friendly as hell.
I cannot find a place like this anywhere on the northside!!
:(  **Dip you pizza in the wing sauce**OMFG wow!

Lived in avondale for 5 years, loved their pizza, still have family in AZ so we get our fix when we can.
My husband went by himself one weekend and when he got home I went to help get stuff out of his truck, opened the door and said "YOU WENT TO PALERMOS!
" He brought me home a pizza and it was awesome!

This is run of the mill pizza.
It's not bad, it's just not great.
Very greasy.
Lacks taste.
Run by a guy from Albania who is very nice.
I would go back to try something different from the menu like one of their subs.

Great pizza!
Staff always friendly just a small simple place with a great pizza and great price.

one of my favorite places to eat.
I love their pizza and wings.
this time I got the lunch special with my son and getting two pizzas and a free soda was awesome.
Only spent 5 dollars and change.

Love this place.
Friendly service.
Wow the pizza  and wings SUPER YUMMY  !!!!
me and my family love it

First we have been getting pizza and wings from here for years.
Always good and good service.
Tonight we ordered a large supreme and after getting it home and eating over half with the family we discovered a cricket on the pizza.
We called them and returned the evidence.
Very apologetic and returned our money.
Hopefully this does not happen to anyone else and they clean the place up.
Will be looking elsewhere for our pizza.

Delightful!
2 pieces of pizza and drink for $4 AND its delicious!
The crust is light and thin, flavors are terrific.
Give this place a try!

Ordered the Sicilian special.
Worst I ever ate.
Majority of pizza was tomato soaked dough.
Something tasted stale on the toppings.
Disgusting!!!
This place was actually recommended.
Lol what a joke!

Excellent NY style pizza!
Huge slices and extremely thin.. you can fold these in half and eat like a real NY slice!

