As I drove up to the clubhouse I was anticipating a great round of golf at a course that was highly recommended by a friend.
The website had stated "Coldwater offers golfers an experience unmatched in the area" and I was excited to try it out.
The Coldwater setting is framed by views including the Estrella Mountains, typical Sonoran Desert fauna, what appeared to be unfinished washes, and several areas I thought were still under construction.
Take away the random school kids walking on the course, add a few more trees and this place would be truly spectacular.
On almost every hole we found features that go well beyond your run-of-the-mill mound or hill.
The result is a combination of well placed elevated tees, deep swales and rolling fairways.
If you do not hit your ball straight then the course presents a whole new challenge by introducing softball sized rocks and power lines to the game.
Hole 15 includes a GIANT sand trap protecting the majority of the green and is well hidden by the undulating fairway.
Let me say that it was terrifying when I saw my ball smack dab in the middle but it was a pleasure to play out of anyway.
The greens were very slow in comparison to most other courses in the valley and it seemed that the grass did not fully cover the dirt below.
This led to several missed putts due to the ball bouncing along and then changing directions or stopping well before the hole.
I enjoyed this course very much and would definitely recommend it to a friend.
It was voted "Best Course to Play on a Budget" by the Arizona Republic but I have to disagree.
I would say "Great Course to Play on a Budget".
Needless to say this was an exciting course that presents a challenge to me, the new golfer, and many skill levels beyond.

Best course I have played on this side of town by a long shot!
This has everything you could ask for, long wide fairways, tight holes (no pun intended) rolling hills, challenging greens, and some wild opportunities.
This course can be played by ammy's and loved by the pros that shoot scratch.
I hit some bombs, stopped my short irons on a dime, and still this course was challenging.
Nice pro shop and lounge where you can enjoy a beer with 5 star bathrooms.
Never have I been on a course with a better restroom as usually they are ran down and shabby.
This is the place to take dad and have a great day or show off with your boss.
This course is a must play and needs to be on your list if you haven't given it a go.
No children walking around when I was there (weekend golf) but I do agree that a few more trees would be nice for shade in the summer.
It's hard to review a course this fun, and I hope you just find out for yourself.

The course itself is in pretty good shape.
I was leary due to the area, but was pleasantly surprised.
The price was right as well so that is another plus.
On to the bad... they literally have the absolute, without a doubt, worst customer service I have experienced on a golf course.
WORST!
The pro shop employee was an absolute (insert colorful language here) and isn't even worthy of holding a job.
I don't care how miserable their day was, leave it at home and fake a smile if you have to.
Sad part...
I was nice to them and even asked how their day was... something they should have asked me.
They weren't just rude, but disrespectful.
We had another employee that was rude out on the course but nothing like the pro shop employee so I'm not even going to bother writing about that.
I shot a quick email to the manager just to inform them of what happened and didn't receive a simple apology.
Sort of ticked I spent an extra 50 bucks in addition to the golf.

Good course - especially for the price.
BUT the staff is rude and abrasive - they act like the customers are an inconvenience to them.
If you ignore them, it's a pretty good experience.

One of my favorite courses for the money in the West Valley.
And it's more challenging than you would expect.
The food is nothing fancy but good, try the Bloody Mary's.

