I tried Del Taco over 20 years ago.
I had thought it so bad I have never eaten it since.
Driving towards home after showing some homes I was about to pass a Del Taco.
I thought what the hell time to give it another try.
Nice clean store, alert employee, no wait.
The food was fine, nothing special really, but fine if you happen to be hungry and it is there to be had.
The price can not be beat for what I ate.
$3 plus tax.
I suspect I might be back with less time in between.

I forgot how good the quesadilla is here or maybe it reminds me of growing up and having them I don't know but either way yum!

Waited twenty minutes for our food.
After fifteen, the manager came out and yelled at the staff.
A better idea would be to help them get caught up.
On top of that, the tortillas were drier than a popcorn fart.
Next time...taco bell.

It was ok!
Service and food.
My husband loves the place.

Always hit and miss- but mostly miss  I rarely take the time on my days off from work to sit down for a large lunch in a good restaurant (I do for dinner).
During lunch hour I am usually on a roll and I don't have the time for extended lunches.
With that in mind I am always searching for a good and quick place to eat.
Unfortunately, Del Taco falls short.
I have  said it many times before, I'm not a fan of Del Tacos food because their tacos do not have much filling in them, even when you order the double meat double cheese and the quality of food is always hit and miss.
However, my nephew enjoys the  food  at Del Taco so we decided to give it a shot.
We decided to go through the drive thru.
I ordered two of the number six meals which included 2 double beef double cheese tacos, fries, and a drink.
I asked for the fries to be made "extra crispy" in hopes of getting fresh fries.
My hopes were crashed at least partially.
As we pulled away I realized that one order of fries was fresh and hot while the other order was cold and stale.
The frustrating thing beyond the cold fries was I asked the employee at the drive thru if the fries were fresh and extra crispy and she replied "yes".
The quality as a whole at Del Taco has seem to gone downhill fast.
I realize that Del Taco is a fast food establishment and fast food is what your going to get and I am fine with that.
Howerever, I do believe the food should be fresh and made to order.
This doesn't appear to be the case with Del Taco.
I have spoken to management on different occasions about the quality of food and have had meals replaced.
I will not be going back to Del Taco any time soon.

