I love to shop at Kohl's.
I just found out and got some money back adjusting the price of mark down items.
How great is this?
They have a large selection of goods.
I wish I could live there.
lol

This location is similar layout to all the other stores.
Employees are nice and helpful.
Sales were great and the extra % off coupons help too.

I have always shopped at Kohl's but I must say that I am dissatisfied with their customer service.
We registered at Kohl's for our wedding and we received several duplicate items.
The customer service department would not allow us to get cash back with a gift receipt.
Our only options were to put the amount back on the gift giver's credit card or to receive a store credit.
I think people should be aware of this in case they register for big items like we did and then you end up with a lot of Kohl's merchandise credit.

I come here for the Mark Anthony collections.
Slim fitted clothes that I don't need to take to the tailor to look good in.

I like Kohls.
.There are times that I find something for myself and then there are times that I don't.
Either way I always find something here.
It seems to me that they always have racks and racks of clearance.
I love clearance but its all over the place and its just not that organized.
I like that you can just go into dressing room and that they have enough rooms in there and that you are not waiting in line to.
So far the cashiers that I have had were really nice.
I think I will go again soon I have some Kohls cash to spend ,

place is just to cram packed in certain areas

Everytime I go here, I leave telling myself that their [wash once and throw away quality] clothing and their incomparable high prices should be reminder enough not to return, but somehow I digress.
So on my last trip to Kohl's, Scott, my checkout cashier, greeted me with a monotone voice and flat affect.
That coupled with the fact that he didn't know how to count back change [but rather held out his hand and dumped all my coins and dollars into my palm] was the last straw!
Terrible!
The store should be embarrassed.
Please.
Try to hire young employee's with even a little bit of professionalism.

