Oh my Ed's Fish N' Chips, you sure are cookin' up some tasty seafood!
Your quality of food is comparable to some higher priced restaurants.
Yippy!
I've had the oysters, the fish sandwich, and the fish and chips, and everything was delicious.
(Really it was!
) They make their own sauces too.
The building in is a little older, but the restaurant is clean.
The service has always been very friendly.
Check it out!
Good seafood, friendly service, prices, clean.

I paid $27 for 8 fish and chips, cole slaw and hush puppies.
I was very disappointed.
Fish was square patty,  cole slaw taste terriable, KFC's taste much better.
4 tiny tiny hush puppies are $1.50.
I had better fish and chips at Ivar's in Seattle, WA and Fisherman's Wharf in San Francisco.
It didn't worth it.

Two words...Sea Dog!!
Oh my goodness, they are so yummy.
Take a hot dog bun (genius!
), add a nice piece of fried Cod, coleslaw on top, and their very own red sauce and BAM!
you got yourself a great Sea Dog!!
The owners are super friendly as well as the staff.
Try also the fried clams and oysters-super good!

Same place, same value, same deliciousness my entire life

Closed - drove by on July 17 and is out of business

I can't comment on the food quality because we did not make it past the ordering.
My wife and I walked in for the first time ever and the first thing my wife said is the air conditioning off?
the young man happily said " We don't turn on the air conditioning  during the summer because it cost's too much".
With that my wife said, and I agree " We are not eating here and turned around and left.
As we where walking out the door the young man said " have a nice day!".
I don't care if the food is FREE we are not spending our money in a place that doesn't cater to there customers needs by at least turning on the air conditioning.
I can't help but wonder what else they are cutting corners on because " it costs too much".

I am not a big fan of eds and the one on 51st closed from what I hear.
We came here cause my husband has been craving it.
So far when we walk in the air cond is on... the service is great.
They have thursday night special 10 percent off all combos and kids meal deals.
There is thursday night karaoke.
Nice to get together with family here on thursdays.
This location on central seems clean.
You can actually see the cooks getting their cook on in kitchen.
I will update on food when I try it.

Just finished my lunch @ Ed's.
Normally I don't like to write a bad review but I think this is one that needs to be out there.
The place was clean the staff friend and the service good.
That being said when my order of fish and chips was delivered to my table I saw what looked like 2 frozen style fish sticks.
They were crispy that is to say overdone.
I'm glad I only ordered the two piece because it wasn't worth finishing .
I have been looking for a good Fish and Chip place in the SW valley and as of now the search will continue .
Sorry but as much as I wanted good F & C's this wasn't it.

