hey!
gallaghers food is good.
the prices are fair.
they have a nice menu with a variety of stuff.
i don't know about the other gallaghers, but this one has offtrack betting.
it's a fun atmosphere and they put in numerous plasmas to spiffy the place up.
the only draw-back to gallaghers, is the slow service.
i don't know why it's slow.
i've been here numerous times.
the food is always good and no matter how busy or dead it is, they are just always slow.
if you have time, it's a good place to go.
if you're in a rush, go somewhere else.

One of my favorite places!
I have a confession though...
I'm a trivia addict.
So any restaurant or bar that has the Buzztime trivia automatically gets an extra start in my book... but for some reason this is where I like to play more than anywhere else.
I usually hang out in the bar/off track betting area, playing trivia and once in a while betting on the horses or dogs (with miserable results, I hate to add.
)  One of my favorite sandwiches in the Valley is here - I love their Buffalo Chicken.
It's huge and covered in a pretty hot yet flavorful buffalo sauce.
Unlike most places where it's not hot enough... oh and they let me choose the heat level.
Wings are really great here as well.
Now I'm wanting to get back over there for a beer, buffalo chicken and gave of trivia... Too bad it's only Thursday.
Cons: If you are a young single man looking to go out and meet someone, avoid this place at all costs.
Also only a few microbrews, and not a lot of choice of beers on tap.

I used to live down the street so I was at this joint constantly.
Especially for the Friday fish fry and the wings and the cherry coke and the wraps oh and the seasoned fries!
The service can be a bit slow but it never bothers me since I normally invest a couple of hours with friends.
Plus the servers are really friendly and remember you after only a few visits.
I must visit this place every time I visit otherwise I will regret it for days.
Try the wings and don't forget the cherry coke (which they make, not from the fountain).

Been here a few times.. service is good, food is ok, but its the surroundings are interesting.
Always smells funky in there.. like bratwurst and an sweatsock.
Despite this i would return to watch a game or do some off track betting.

Old school bar feel.
Super friendly staff!
Been going there for almost 10 years.
LOVE THIS PLACE.
The food is good too.... rare find.
A real shame Jimmy is leaving.

Food is great....burger is awesome kicks smash burger out the door ...bigger burger and better price.

DID IT AGAIN!
Love this place.
Today my wife and I wanted chilli dogs and came in and did not see on Menu.
We asked if they had any and told us they would be happy to make some even though not on Menu.
We got the chilli dogs and Awsome 2 wieners on each one and not the short ones!
Piled high and great taste.
The Manager is great he always comes bye to say hi!
The waitress was great!
Great iced tea also!
Keep it up!
And oh a month ago I forgot my debit card and left it there for a week, when I got back to pick it up they had it ready for me.
Thanks a Lot and I owe the waitress , I FORGOT sorry!

I  wasn't sure t give it 3 or 4 stars.
I settle on 3.
There is really nothing wrong with this place it just isn't my scene.
The food is pretty good.
There is nothing amazing about it but it's good.
Karaoked here 1 night for a friends birthday.
It was fun.
I don't remember now what song I was looking for but they did not have it.
The people there are pretty relaxed and I've been here a few times and never seen it get too crazy.
I would say this is a good place to have a beer and eat some food but not the best place to just hang out and drink.
According to me.

My hood bar.
Love this place!
The people and the staff are friendly and chatty.
Fun place to hang out for a beer and watching the game.

I see so many 4 and 5 stars.
I have been going here off and on for about 7 years.
I say off and on because there always seems to be a problem with the staff, management (or lack thereof), service, food.....etc.
My recent issue is with the 27% price increase on the cost of shrimp (and I mean one per taco) tacos.
They used to be 1.25 but just two weeks ago they jumped to 1.59.
After writing management (really the owner) and receiving a reply back from a manager, it seems that they are not really willing to understand the problem.
Food is decent, staff is ok.
I will say that the owners' concern for his business is a negative 5!
Probably will boycott them for another 6+ months to see if things straighten themselves up.
Cheers

Now please let me start by saying that my time is valuable to me, so I am going to spend the next couple of minutes writing this review as a WARNING to others that might be thinking of visiting this establishment.
I put one star for many reasons.
Because yelp won't allow you to write a review with no stars.
Because i have been going to Gallagher's around Phoenix for years.
The food at this location was terrible for 3 out of the four guests.
The Staff overall was anti customer service.
Management being the worst.
The smell outside as you walk in the door.
So let me explain 3 - 5,  I would try and explain 1 and 2 but I think they are self explanatory.
The food.
I/2 rack of ribs with two sides.
The ribs came out looking way over baked with no moisture to speak of extremely dry and void of flavor.
Asked for extra sauce just to get some flavor and moisture into the meal.
The two side were Asparagus which was actually very, very good, and sweet potato fries which were rubbery and again very under seasoned.
Bad meal #1.
Honey mustard wings and a Greek salad were the choice of our second guest, and my wife.
The wings were so bad that my wife questioned their freshness had kind of a pungent sour smell,  when we asked our server ( who by the way tried to be helpful but seemed very overwhelmed) she was told by the Manager that it was the smoke that made them taste and smell that way.
I have eaten Smoked chocked on many occasions and this was to that, nor that smell.
I did not try the Greek salad but my wife stated the the dressing had way to much Vinegar and was not that good.
She only ate one wing and I ate one wing to confirm the foul taste.
Bad meal #2.
The third member of our party actually liked his Scoville Burger.
He liked the flavor however thought it would be a little hotter considering is name.
Good meal #1.
Now finally for the forth and final member of our party.
Me.
I had the mild wings and again they had the same pungent sour odor and what I did eat tasted like it had a little more BBQ sauce on it than mild wing sauce.
After the wings I did not order anything else.
Bad meal #3.
The staff.
When we were greeted our server was very nice, and she asked if we wanted something to drink and if we were ready to order which we were.
We ordered our drinks the meals above also asking for the NTN game consoles so we could play the NTN Trivia.
She took if order and was very nice.
Our next encounter was with a different waitress who brought our food and seemed very bothered that she had to do so but again our server was nice.
Now mind you this is about 30 minutes later and we asked for the NTN game consoles again.
20 minutes later she brought them out.
By now we have determined that the food was terrible and that someone should call the health department about it seeming to be spoiled, but we decided to just hang out and play trivia as a group for a while before heading home.
This is where we discuss the poor management.
Just as we start playing trivia the manager comes up and changes the trivia from the TV that was displaying it.
When we asked our server she stated that she would ask for it to be changed back.
When she returned we were told that we could turn around and see the TV behind us if we wanted to play trivia.
I asked to speak to the manger and she got him for us.
I told this person that we were playing Trivia on this display and that we would like it changed back to trivia so we could continue.
His response was that the table of guest sitting directly below the display wanted it changed to the re-broadcast of the game form last night.
Please note that I earlier stated the table of guests sitting directly below the display.
Really only two of the people at the table could watch the game.
The others would have to look straight up and slightly behind them to see the TV.
the manager then said he would try and find us another TV to use.
Once he realized his mistake he went over to the table under the display and talked to them and returned the TV to is original channel displaying the Trivia game.
However I am not sure what he said to the table under the display but they continued to give us nasty looks and make Snyder remarks under their skin which made us all a little uncomfortable.
We informed our server that we were going to be leaving after all and explained why and she then informed us that the group under the display were friends of the managers and that they were always acting t Like they owned the place and were also very rude in regards to other customers.
It is my suggestion to avoid this establishment at all cost.
Try Bull Shooters down the road, or oune of the other sports bars on the immediate area.

I have been to this establishment three times so far.
I go there for football Sundays, and it is just a mile and a half away from me.
As far as the establishment goes, it is very clean, and there are booths everywhere for your comfort.
They have a TON of televisions, and most are in Hi-Def.
They have satellite with the ticket, and probably about 10-15 different receivers.
It is dimly-lit, which is nice.
They have a few pool tables, and stuff for the kids as well.
There is a spot for betting on the horse races (to which I know nothing about).
The bathrooms are in fair condition.
The service, at least to my liking, is great.
When I am there for 6 hours, I don't expect the waitress to be around every 5 minutes, but she will frequent every 10-15 minutes,  unless she is servicing another table or if you request something.
Their attire is appropriate, with football jerseys and short jeans shorts.
Pretty cute, yet appropriate if you ask me.
As far as the food goes, I am trying different things, but be prepared to eat.
They give you a lot of food for the money (in most cases).
If you get one of their skillets, go there hungry.
The staple chips/salsa is okay.
the chips are a little tough, not as salty,but they are freshly made (they come out hot) and the house salsa is pretty good.
I liked it.
* I do want to add that they had a new chef in there, and the eggs on my skillet were under-cooked.
I did send it back, but the top manager or establishment owner came out and personally apologized, and had a new dish out within 5 minutes.
Mistakes happen, but they really came through and went above and beyond to make sure I was satisfied.
I will be going there every Sunday through the end of the season.
If you have never been, and you need a place to go, this is a good one!

