I went in on 7/25 for my 2000 Jeep Strangler.
Good customer service.
They listened and did not try to push me towards services I didn't need.
My car was fixed the same day and they picked me and my three kids up when it was done.

I had heard so much about how wonderful Tobias is.
Decided to switch from dealer service to Tobias.
However, my first experience with customer service was such a disappointment!
I called for an estimate on work to be done.
" Chuck" acted disinterested, but took my information.
This is a very expensive job, by the way.
"Chuck" promised to call me back as soon as he had an answer.
Well, he never called back.
Messages left were not returned.
I won't even consider them now.
Horrible first impression.
I would suggest Andy Tobias have a talk with "Chuck.
" It doesn't matter how busy or popular you are now, to IGNORE a potential customer is just not right.

Thank you Tobias for you recent service on my HHR.
Within a week you got my transmission replaced!!
I am back on the road.
Big Kudos to Chuck over at the Cave Creek location.
To all of my Yelp friends, if you need a referral for a great automotive repair shop and servicing center go to Tobias Automotive Specialists

The guys who work here treat the simple things I've needed done to my car as carefully as if they were rebuilding its engine.
For sure, this is the come to place for all your automotive needs.
Without a doubt they have my future business.

The guys who work here treat the simple things I've needed done to my car as carefully as if they were rebuilding its engine.
For sure, this is the come to place for all your automotive needs.
Without a doubt they have my future business.

One of the busiest times of the year for my business (being a pet sitter during Christmas holidays), my car decided the alternator should die.
My husband tried to change out alternator on a Sunday (without correct tools) and the next day is Christmas Eve.
So, on Christmas Eve I called Tobias and they said they would be open until noon.
Called Super Hook towing and they went out right away and had my car to Tobias by 9:30am.
The tech at Tobias had my alternator changed and my car running by 11:30.
(The right tools always help.
)  Thank you Tobias!

I've taken 3 cars to Chuck at Tobias and each time, he's exceeded expectations.
Customer service is fantastic.
On a Mercedes convertible repair, his quote was less than half of what Shumacher wanted for a very intricate hydraulic repair.
On an older Acura, he continued to work on the vehicle until the air conditioning was blowing colder than it did originally.
I'm now a loyal customer and call Chuck before anyone else.

Chuck and company are nothing short of awesome....several years having these guys work on our cars and they are OUTSTANDING!

I have been doing business with Tobias' Automotive for several years and am very impressed with their mechanical knowledge and fast service on repairs.
The staff is friendly and goes out of their way to make each visit the best!
Alan S.

Tobias is a wonderful local car and truck repair.
We have been using them for 4 years and I can't say enough about how professional, honest and thorough they are.
Chuck, Chris, Jason the whole crew is nice.
They keep you informed!
They also have a courtesy vehicle.
Such a great Local - Cave Creek - complete auto care.
Thanks!

