Awesome metal sculptures and other great finds.
Jewelry, art and wonderful tchotchkes.
Reasonable prices, but finding someone to help can be a challenge.

I shop all over the valley for home decor but I almost always end up buying my items at Buffalo Bill's.
This is family-owned business that has been in Cave Creek for quite some time.
The people are very nice and helpful and the prices are reasonable.
You can get handmade tiled tables, copper top tables, mexican pottery of all shapes & sizes, yard art, statues, furniture, dishes, mexican blankets, wall decor, etc.
for your home at good prices.
They will even deliver free if you don't live too far, which is a HUGE savings.
Do not be put off by the appearance of the storefront (it looks small) because there is a very large portion in the back just filled with goodies and it changes all the time.
I would encourage anyone to make the trip to Buffalo Bill's if you want a great selection, good value, and variety.
Best time to visit is during the week when it's not quite as crowded and you want personal service...otherwise the parking can be challenging!
2012 UPDATE:  Buffalo Bill's has expanded its business to include El Toro Loco, two buildings down from the original Buffalo Bill's.
There's more parking available there and some very nice southwest and Santa Fe style furniture and decor.
If you are planning on having custom-made furniture (tiled tables, benches, etc.
) expect for it to take longer than what is promised.
The key is to order your pieces WAY AHEAD OF TIME :-)  Patience is required but you'll save $$$ and get nice results!

Took the time to stop in a look around and wow, do they have a ton of stuff!
Very cool, unique and some hard to find stuff.
Good prices, good selection - we will certainly stop by (and buy) again!

This store carries some of the most unique southwest items in the area.
If they don't have it - they'll get it for you.
On top of that, the prices are incredibly reasonable.
If you're in doubt - price an item at Buffalo Bill's and then drive 300 yards up Cave Creek and price the same item.
Guaranteed it will cost 10x more elsewhere.
The owners are incredibly friendly and helpful.
They've even delivered larger furniture items to the house at no additional cost.
I don't shop anywhere else.

Unique and well priced artifacts, pottery and sculptures from Mexico.
This is the stuff I go south of the border to get and it is right here.
No longer do I have to deal with all of the pleasantries associated with border crossings - no more abductions, security checks, drug runners, driving all day to Mexico...  None of that.
I cruise up the street to the WONDERFUL little town of Cave Creek and peruse their massive lot of stuff!
LOVE IT!

Great place for hard to find southwest/Mexican hardware.
They are always helpful and will drill extra holes, etc.
I am a fan!!!!

I always make a point to stop by Buffalo Bill's when I am in Cave Creek.
It is a bonanza of unique items and good deals.
I was looking for a set of 3 decorative pots.
If you cannot find them at Buffalo Bill's then you are helpless.
They do not ship out of state so you'll have to hit up the UPS store on Tom Darlington Rd.
to ship your wares.
Friendly and helpful employees.
Lots of great finds here.

Super great stuff.
A lot of the metal stuff is actually made there.

I paid for a tin Christmas tree that was supposed to come in on a shipment before Christmas 2012.
A few days after I made the order, I received a call from someone at Buffalo Bills to inform me that the shipment of tin trees would not arrive before Christmas, but they would be in the store soon after Christmas.
I was a little disappointed, but I figured I would save it for Christmas 2013, so I told them I still wanted it and to call me when the shipment arrived.
I never received a call from Buffalo Bills after Christmas and it was not until several months ago, when I was going through my tax receipts, that I saw the credit card charge and remembered the purchase.
I called the store and spoke with Fernanda, the manager's sister, and explained the situation.
She told me that the manager would call me back.
I left my phone number yet several weeks went by with no return call.
I called again and this time spoke with Fernando, the manager.
He remembered being told that I had called, but said he didn't have my number.
Never mind that I had provided my contact information, twice, and they had even called me in December.
Fernando told me he would check his records to make sure which size tree I had purchased, even though I told him it was the medium size.
He said I could pick it up the next day, but that I should wait for his call first.
The next day, no call.
About a week or so passed and I called again.
Fernanda, answered.
I explained that I spoken with her brother, but he had not called me back.
She told me that they no longer had the medium size tree, only the small, but they would be getting more in, although she wasn't sure when or what sizes would be in the shipment.
The whole thing was getting convoluted so I asked her to have the manager call me to provide solid details or arrange a refund.
I gave my phone number again (this is four times) and, again, days and days passed with no call back.
Today I call and I am told by Fernanda that the manager is out until "mid next week".
When I told her who I was, she immediately became defensive and claimed that no one had called me back because I had not given my number.
Yes, she actually said that!!
I told her that wasn't true, that I had provided my contact information to them, and her specifically, on several occasions over the last eight months.
She told me that she "distinctly remembered" me telling her that I would not give her my phone number because I only wanted to speak to the manager!
On top of the fact that her recollection was a complete fabrication, as well as comically illogical, she had a real attitude over the phone and NEVER ONCE apologized for their abysmal customer service.
I explained that I was becoming very impatient and that I didn't appreciate getting the run around.
I didn't cuss, yell or call names, but I was clearly dissatisfied.
I maintained composure under the circumstances because at this point I just want my money back!
My obvious displeasure made no dent in her discourteous attitude or lack of polite customer service.
In fact, she became even more rude and dismissive.
It is disheartening to be treated like crap by the management of a business I regularly patronize.
Fernanda, the acting manager, told me that she did not know the day her brother, the manager, was coming back from vacation.
As odd as that sounds, I am almost inclined to believe it is true based on their lack of professionalism.
I then had to give her my phone number AGAIN...this is now FIVE times.
I asked her to let the manager know that if I don't have a resolution by next week I will have to file a complaint in small claims court.
Her response, "you go ahead and do that.
" A paying customer should not have this level of hassle or be treated with such disregard, but this is the sad state of affairs at Buffalo Bills.

