Very passable Mexican food, and the best you're likely to find in this corner of the state.
It's our regular stop when collecting rocks in this region.
Never had anything exceptional.
Never had anything that wasn't good, either.

Great Sonoran enchiladas.
Very flavorful, authentic Mexican food.

The biggest reason to stop here are the pleasant proprietors.
They were kind and generous.
I found the food unremarkable but I probably asked for the wrong dish.
After i ordered the 3 tables around me all asked for some quacamole dish and sounded very disappointed when told they were out.
Other than a pleasant stop there is little to recommend Sofia's.

The food was delicious.
I had the carne asada burrito with sour.
cream, guacamole and cheese.
The other people I was there with got the carnitas and there was no complaints there either.

Discrimination served.
Sofia's likes locals only and makes sure you know you don't belong.
We tried to stop on the way through town to eat lunch and were lucky to get any food at all.
One of us didn't get any food, two of us got the wrong order served to us.
It also took over an hour to get the little food we did get which only makes a long drive even longer.
We won't bother again.

great breakfast burritos, great lunch menu, great prices.
Super service very friendly.
they have great salsa here.

Love the food and the salsa rocks!

Don't let the rustic decor (and the fact that the restaurant is in Gila Bend) fool you!...
The food has homemade flair and is simply great.
Homemade tortillas and the burritos are enormous!
Rode my motorcycle out there for breakfast last week with friends, and the staff knew we were there from out of town, and went out of their way to say "Thanks.
"  The interior of the restaurant is quite small, but they have covered picnic tables outside...
I will definitely be back!

We would not come back.
Very bland boring food.
Slow service, brought my partners meal 10 minutes before mine.
No alcohol.

Excellent service.
Great food.
Very nice staff.
Oh, but the salsa will set you on fire!

I stopped in to Sofia's after concluding a meeting at the Town of Gila Bend.
The pickings in Gila Bend are pretty slim, but thankfully this place makes up for the lack of restaurants.
I had a carne asada burrito and took it to go.
While I was there, I did note that the dining area is reasonably clean.
The burrito was delicious and filling.
I will definitely make this a regular stop when I'm down here for work.

Good salsa nice waitress looks clean nice bathrooms... Just stopping through on a road trip from ca to az!

The food was excellent, the service was friendly, we couldn't ask for an extra order of chips, the food arrived so quick.
Will defiantly recommend to friends.

I always stop here on my way from ca to az.
The food is absolutely delicious.
The service was very quick and very inexpensive for what you get!
The Carne Asada is one of my favorites!
Must try if you're driving through :)

Sofia's is one of those things that you cant judge from the outside.
It looks ratty and run down on the outside, and on the inside, it looks quite the same.
However, the dissonance between how it looked and how the food was emerged as soon as the chips and salsa were brought out.
Good Mexican places almost always have good chips and salsa.
Sofias was no exception.
After the chips of which we had about eight bowls, we were given the tacos, burritos, enchiladas, and everything else good and tasty.
The food was well made and had great flavor, and the place is small enough that it is pretty quiet and the waitress didn't have to run around to ten different tables.
This place is small, yet it makes up for its small stature in great service and delicious food.

i drive through Gila Bend when i go back and forth between San Diego and Phoenix, usually about every month.
ALWAYS stop at Sophie's.
She's a hard working lady, always there and puts out awesome food for a very good price.
Noticed last time that there are now 3 mexican places in gila bend  Used to only be Sophie's.
Was concerned.
On Sunday, when i stopped there, couldn't help but notice the other two had zero cars and Sophie didn' have an open table.
........guess that says it all.

Of the very limited dining options in Gila Bend for travelers, this place is likely the best.
Most of the options are fairly typical Mexican fare but the salsa and gorditas are strangely good.
I'm not sure what they do to the salsa but it's amazing.
The gorditas are like little flash fried Mexican pockets of meat topped with cheese, lettuce and tomatoe.
A real treat, compared to the many other sub-par restaurant options nearby.
Lots of locals and travelers, generally a good sign.
Very fair prices.
Service is acceptable.
Not one of the cleanest places I've eaten but I'll be going back for more the next time I pass through.

Friendly staff.
Good fresh food.
I had number 3 ,a flauta, taco and tostada.
The chicken used was very good.
The guacamole was just OK. Agree chips warm and fresh.
Not a fast stop.
Seemed like they took care of a couple of walk in regulars, which probably makes economic sense.
Unassuming outside , nice decor inside, and clean.

