I'm back in AZ again this week and just had some pretty dang good pizza.
12 of us filtered into this place and they handled that pretty well.
you order at the counter, prices are decent, calzones are gigantic, the pizza was huge, and my sandwich was good.
the beer was flowing like wine.
i'm sleepy  and boring

I am from New York so you know I am super picky about food and my 300 pound stature lets you know I enjoy my food when I get it.
So when I say this place is like home, you know this will be food legends are made from.
IMHO it does not matter what you order, you will enjoy the meal like no other before.
Priced right & they deliver!

Another Yelp success story!
I've been looking for a neighborhood pizza and wings place and finally found it!
I'm very particular about my wings and happy that they measure up!
The pizza is great too and the antipasto salad is just right.
Add delivery and Bruno's saves me from cooking dinner!

Been here a few times and the pizza is fresh every time, the employee is very nice which for me is very important when eating somewhere.
Nice that there are 2 tv's on different channels, best thing is I live in walking distance.

A little bit of attitude at this place bad attitude, Was not really sure how how many stats I wanted to give, I'll check back next time give another chance I walked in to have maybe one slice of pizza got a little bit of attitude and no pizza, So I walked back out without saying a word because I wasn't not in the mood for this, So maybe I won't come, But really I would not have no reason to  come back in there, Are so many better places without  the attitude a bad  attitude.
"Really you guys get a new Attitude"

This place is small yet comfortable for my nephew and I.
Felt like we were at home watching the suns game and eating pizza.
The owner was so nice.
I had asked him politely if she could put on this end game, instead.
She handed me the remote control like I was family.
Haha.
She said whatever you need let me know.
Thumbs up.
I ordered the ziti mushroom pasta, Holy cow they put way too much sauce in!!!
Which was PERFECT!!!
:)) it also came with a house salad and breadsticks.
If I knew, I wouldn't have ordered the vegetarian pizza.
But either way, the pizza was fantastic :) minus rhe olives.
.. ( I said no olives) :/   We'll be coming back.
:))

I usually love this place, but I just ordered 20 wings and not only did it take way longer than I was told, but there are 20 drumsticks and that's it.
All drumsticks!
Who does that!

Last night my husband was in the mood for pizza but not from our usual haunts (Barros, pizza hut, Papa Johns).
So I took to the internet to see if I could find a place.
My first time ordering from here I ordered the 2xl pizza special and added pepperoni on one and bacon on the other.
When I showed up to pick up my pizza I was taken back by the location- in a strip mall behind circle k, but when I walked in I was pleasantly surprised.
The interior is small but nicely furnished with a couple of TV's to keep you occupied while you wait.
At the register there was a friendly young lady who was taking payment.
And just behind her you can watch your pizza being make.
I had to wait longer than what they had quoted over the phone( a little over 15 minutes more), which was a bit annoying but having the pizza fresh and hot made up for it.
After receiving my pizza it was a true testament of my will not to try one of the giant slices on the way home.
It was some of the best smelling pizza I have ever had in my vehicle.
Upon arriving home my family gathered around the pizza boxes and thoroughly enjoyed each bite.
My husband said it was a little doughy, I think it was a factor of the sheer size of the pizza slice- Overall it was very tasty and we will happily be returning.

