This place has the best beef and fried rice in the valley, and the second best in the country.
It seems to be family owned and operated, with familiar, courteous staff.
Dine-in or take some for the road!!
Now i'm hungry....

WOW.......nice hole in the wall Chinese place.
I loved the food, waitresses are nice and courteous.
There is one that is a flirt and funny.LOL  Few things i love here are;  Wor won ton soup, All i can say is wow.
Besides this place i don't know what other place serves the Wor won ton soup.
i was used to it in Cali.
The house fried rice is the bomb, tasty very tasty.
the wifey loved the the stuffed crab puffs.
The house sweet and sour, very delicious!!!
Beef broccoli, very tasty.
Egg soup is exquisite.
I'm planning to go back and try different dishes, but so far it has not disappointed me.
One draw back but is worth it is its way in Peoria and I'm in east phx, LOL

My family has come here for years and the staff has been there even longer.
They all know us and know exactly what we like and how we like it.
I am always willing to try new things.
I let Winnie surprise me and she knows exactly what I'll like everytime.
I always make sure to visit when I am in Phoenix.
Can't wait to come back!

The only place I go to for sweet and sour chicken.
Its the best!

Thanks Yelpers!
Just moved into this neighborhood and decided to give Big Heng a try.
The name alone is enough to get me to eat there, because really, who doesn't love a big heng?
My kids devoured the sweet and sour pork.
I like that they put the sauce on the side so the tempura pork is still crispy when you get it home.
The egg drop soup was quite flavorful.
I like the house fried rice - it's probably just soy sauce and rice really, but it sure did taste good.
I've been in Phoenix for 6 years and this is only the second Chinese food experience I've had that made me say, "yes, I'd go there again.
"  The only thing I didn't really like was that the snow peas in the shrimp with snow peas were a bit soggy.
But I can live with that knowing that everything else was a hit with the whole family.
And the Dinner for 4 served 5 easily with enough leftovers for lunch for 5.

Very good, even after it sitting out for an hour when I got home from work..... Will def order from there again!

Soooooooo I used to go to this place was I was a small child and just went there for the first time in about....7-9 years last night.
OMG YUM!
I love love love their food.
I ordered a dinner special (there's 4) and they give you sooooooo much food for $7-8.
I got the sesame chicken, fried rice, chicken lo mein, crab puff, and egg roll plate.
It also came with egg drop soup.
I LOVE egg drop soup, but most places don't make it good.
They made some of the best I've ever had.
Next time I go, I am just ordering a big bowl of that.
Anyway, I had to pay an extra $1.50 because I substituted the sesame chicken for the teryiaki chicken.
No biggie, it was still a steal!
My BF got the sweet and sour pork with fried shrimp and lo mein and fried rice.
He loved it too.
He said their hot mustard was the hottest he's ever had.......and then ran a train on it :o) Only thing I didn't like was the bathroom.
But hey, who rates a restaurant on that??
It just stunk and was also used as a storage closet.
Anyway, if you're out this way, stop in.
You'll get amazing food for an unbelievably low price.
No wonder they've been in business for 15-20 years.

been fan since 1999..  food is always great!
and staff is always friendly.. except for this older lady.. she has her moments where she will be yelling at someone in the kitchen.. lol!
same staff since i have known the place..   it might not be the fancy or most attractive looking Chinese restaurant, but you will get plenty of quality food that will satisfy your hunger..         try sesame chicken..  or honey glazed walnut shrimp..  mmm good!

Been here a couple of times now and both times it was awesome.
The first time I had the sesame chicken dinner and today I had the orange chicken dinner.
The sesame chicken is excellent here.
Most places I've had sesame chicken it just taste oily.
Heng's sesame is very sweet, honey-flavored, with a bit of ginger - very pleasant.
As is pretty normal for Chinese restaurants, the orange chicken isn't anywhere near spicy but you can have them spice it up more.
Great crab puffs and fried rice here as well!

Best chinese place I have had in the valley   I have been eating here for years.
The waiters are very nice.
They often know many of the customers by name.
They always remember our drink order and food order.
They are very quick on refills etc.
The food portions are huge.
Dont let the looks fool you.
Yes it does look like a dump.
Its been there like 20 years... give them a break :) Try it out

Great place to eat inexpensive Chinese food and the wait staff are very friendly!

When I moved to Arizona (about 9 years ago), I couldn't find a Chinese restaurant the even came close the the service and quality as there was back east.
Granted, I rarely went to actual "sit down" Chinese restaurants back east.
I basically just did take-out or buffets.
Then I stumbled upon Big Heng......which is around the corner from my house.
It's located in a dumpy little strip mall (which doesn't do much for the curb appeal) but once you get past that, everything else just falls into place.
What a great Chinese restaurant!!
Whether you eat in or take out, the food is fabulous and the prices are very reasonable.
If you decide to eat in, the staff is extremely friendly and will bend over backwards to make you dining experience as enjoyable as possible.
I have only eaten dinner here but they do offer a lunch menu if you're on the run or at work for descent prices.
If you're nearby and are in the mood for Chinese food, DEFINITELY check out Big Heng.
You won't be disappointed.

Our new hot spot for cheap, good Chinese lunch specials.
Good portions of food all for about $5.
Dinners are a few dollars more.
Nice and clean and friendly / attentive .

Great food at really great prices!
Two meals for around 20$.
And they give you a great portion .
Definitely more bang for you buck.
Terrific service every time.
I highly recommend it.
I love it great spot in my favorite town!
The Sweet and Sour Pork never disappoints .
The atmosphere is always friendly.

If you like Chinese cuisne and don't have a ton of money to spend, this is the place for you!
The friendly staff keeps the drinks filled and the food is fresh and yummy, dispite the old, tired look of the place.
Great lunch specials with egg roll!
If you are thinking of fast food and want to spend $5 on lunch .
be smart and give yourself a giant upgrade for the same cash, .
head to Big Heng

Great food at reasonable prices.
Dinner combo's for two are a good deal!

This place was fast, cheap, and had great-tasting food in HUGE proportions!
I gave it 5 starts based on the food and the service.
The decor left something to be desired, it was clean, but old and uninteresting.
However, the price was so good, I overlooked it!
We ordered the Crab Puffs Appetizer and Egg Rolls, Szechuan Beef, and Dinner Combo of S&S Pork and Lo Mein.
They brought us Egg Drop soup on the house.
The crab puffs were great!
The beef could have been spicier, but I'll know to ask for it next time.
If you're looking for great Chinese carry-out, or a quick dinner for two (or ten), this is your place!

The service here was good.
There is nothing to complain about the food here; my wife is a bigger fan of it than I am.
The portions were generous and the prices were about on par with any other chinese food place in Phoenix.
I recall that there's only about four dinner combo meals which are a combination of some of the same things over and over.
This is probably the only reason for me that I don't give it four stars (or go back more often).
It doesn't look impressive inside or out, but that shouldn't stop you from checking it out.

Ugh...finally I always complain when I'm dragged to this place..too much gross food for such a lil price...people you must not be stuck in a lil world of big hen..venture out ..

Great food and even better prices.
I do not know of a better lunch special in town!

Best Chinese food I have found in this area.
It is cheap, huge portions and really good!
If you get take out and you tip them they give you a little extra something =) like a couple free egg rolls or crab puffs.
So very good!
Quick service to!
My husband always gets the House Noodles or the Moo shew Pork he loves them!
The sesame chicken and the emperor chicken is always good.
I recommend!

I used to love this place and everyone I took with me loved it.
Great food and service with reasonable prices.
Something important to me was that they always rated very high with their health inspections.
However, the last few years they've gone seriously downhill and consistently rate very low with their health inspections.
I no longer eat here.
I continue to check their health inspections as I hope they'll turn things around and once again be a very clean restaurant.

You can either pay $8 at Panda Express for the same old BS, or you can go out of your way to a place like Big Heng and get a crab puff (and oh, their crab puffs are amazing), an egg roll (hell, all their appetizers are freaking good), chicken chow mein, fried shrimp, AND sweet and sour pork.
All on one plate.
I DARE you to finish a full meal here, because *I* can't, and I'm pretty good at eating.
You will never hear me say Big Heng has the highest quality entrees, but you will hear me say it's good enough, and they give you so much, with a smile, that it's worth it every time.
Seriously, just look at their menu and tell me you can't find something you like.
Thank me later.
PS-If you dine in, get the plum wine!

My favorite place they know me by name and always have my order right on que!

Not a bad place to have lunch.
It's pretty affordable like most real Chinese restaurants.
I order the same thing at every Chinese restaurant...the Mongolian beef.
I am on a mission to find the best Mongolian beef in PHX.
This one was fine.
Not much to the decor.

I haven't eaten here in quite a while so hopefully not much has changed, but this was my favorite place to get take out.
The beef skewers, house fried rice, house low mein and several other dishes are simply amazing, especially when the outside looks very much like a hole in the wall.
The only thing stopping me from eating here more often is the fact that it's so far away from my house.
We always ordered a ton of food for pick up and were never disappointed.
Hopefully I can make my way back soon because I haven't found any place that compares.

Best Chinese good I've had.
Fast and hot every time.
Have tried just about everything on the menu and all of it's great.
Little dive of a place that is so unassuming.
Great place.

I wish I could give this place 2 1/2 stars.
Pros: Excellent food & service.
Cons: We were served expired beer, if they aren't rotating their product it makes you nervous about what else they aren't rotating back there.
Like I said excellent service and food!
I have never been sick after eating here but being served an expired beverage put a huge blemish on an other wise spotless record.

Like Taric said, Big Heng is good enough.
They give you more than you can eat for spending very little and it truthfully is better than the majority of Chinese around that I tried.
We ordered two lunch specials and they start bringing us piping hot egg drop soup and as FAST AS CAN BE they bring out our lunch entrees.
I thought the hunan chicken was better than the Szechwan Chicken.
That Szechwan sauce was mild and flat to me and the vegetables were mostly celery and green peppers but the canned bamboo shouts in this dish bothered me because I kept tasting can.
Like I already said the hunan chicken was better and I might have given four stars if this was the only dish I tried.
The sauce was better, the vegetables in this dish were better, this dish did have heat to it.
Both meals had a nice vegetable to meat ratio and both were piping hot and everything seemed fresh.
Big Heng close to Tolmachhoff Farms so you might want to check them out if you stop by here.
3.5 stars

Wow, how bad is bad!
Had chicken chow mein, it was greasy, egg roll soggy, rice was bland, wonton was overcooked.
I have searched for a good chinese restaurant have read reviews and still Im at a loss.
Is there no such thing in this area at all.
Drove quite a ways to try this one as I have many others, guess I will have to give chinese food up completely, just tired of being disappointed.

This is my favorite place for Chinese food and they are really fast.
The place is always clean and the staff is so friendly.
I love all of the ladies there like family because they just treat us so good when we go.
My favorite thing to get is the shrimp chop suey with brown sauce, pork fried rice and the dinner fried shrimp because the batter is so good.
I don't think I have ever had a bad experience here and I like that.
The food is awe some and the prices are great too.
If I remember I will take some photos next time I go in.

Super cheap and by far the best Chinese food in Peoria or Glendale.
Sketchy-ish strip mall, but totally worth it.
The salt and pepper shrimp or emperors Chicken are a couple of my favorites.

Some of the best Chinese in the phx area I've had so far.

Just an update:  This restaurant is worth it.
Some things just stand the test of time.
Times change and the prices have gone up a tiny bit but the food here and the service STILL can't be beaten.
Great Chinese food always ranks high in my book.
Especially since "GOOD" Chinese food is so hard to find in this neck of the woods.
Once again, after 11 years of living in Arizona, BIG HENG offers the best Chinese food around.
Price, quality, quantity and service can't be beat!!
I wish there was more than 5 stars here because they deserve more.

Best Chinese food in the area by far.
Super fast, super cheap, just as it should be.
Called in my order for Hunan Beef, Orange Chicken (Asked them to make it spicy), and crab poofs.
Was ready in 10 min and came in at $20.
Can't go wrong

Fast service and great takeout!
The orange beef and walnut shrimp are fantastic.

I have been eating here since I first moved to Peoria (I was in 3rd grade... so the late 90s?
) and it is STILL my favorite Chinese restaurant.
Every time I get Chinese, I compare it to Big Heng and I have never found anything comparable.
Some of my favorites: Teriyaki Chicken, Sesame Chicken, Garlic Chicken, Curry Chicken, Orange Chicken.
The egg drop soup is the BEST.
The PuPu Platter is so good (I love the beef skewers).
They have the best egg rolls.
Seriously the best.
Crab puffs are amazing (they actually have crab in them, what a concept) and the best pork fried rice.
I used to ditch 4th period (I went to PHS) every few weeks and go to Big Heng with my boyfriend.
I have since moved away (first to Flagstaff, then Queen Creek and now living in Goodyear) and we still make the drive at least once a month to eat here.
They do use MSG in their cooking, which is the ONLY reason I give them 4 stars instead of 5.
The food is cheap, fast and it is always delicious.
Lunch (served 11-3 I believe) is probably the best value (my SO and I can eat here during lunch for about $12) but dinner is great.
The specials are more expensive at dinner, and limited, but you can sub the entrees for a fee.

I love lots of vegatables.
They made the chicken with vegetables but added curry sauce.
Whoa, never had so many veggies in a one dish.
Took 1/2 home for another meal.
Loved it.

Big Hengs is the underdog restaurant you can't help but love and look forward to coming back for more.
Granted, as most others have mentioned, they place is anything but sexy.
However who cares?
The food quality and quantity is as good as it gets.
The prices are so cheap I guarantee you'll do a double take.
The staff is some of the nicest I've ever met, and the atmosphere is interesting to say the least.
It only took my very first dining experience at Big Hengs to give them the crown!
Everything is good, but my favorite is the Walnut Shrimp.

First time here and my daughter LOVED IT!
Great service, great food nice atmosphere.
Definitely will return anytime I am on that side of town.

Came here for lunch to meet a friend.
They have a good variety of lunch entrees.
The food comes out fast and the prices are good for the amount of food you get.
The only thing that I didn't like was how much MSG was in the food---I guess it's expected in a Chinese Restaurant, so I'll just have to make sure to ask for no MSG if I go again.
The place is pretty authentic though, so if you are looking for a good Chinese food this is a good place to good.
Personally, I just don't like a bunch of MSG in my food.

Amazing Chinese food at prices you can't find anywhere else.
Service is amazing.
This place is always busy and never had a bad experience.
Highly recommend.

My favorite restaurant.
Get the sesame chicken, teriyaki chicken, lemon chicken or sweet and sour pork.
Their crab puffs are the best and their sweet and sour sauce is to die for.
Incredibly fast service (5-10 minutes tops) and very friendly staff.
Family owned.
My family has gone there for 15+ years and it never gets old!

New to Phoenix from Pacific NW.
Found Big Heng on Yelp.
The food was pretty good and the portions were great.
Had some misunderstandings and paid a little extra for things that normally come with a sit down Chinese meal - i.e., egg drop soup.
Also had to ask repeatedly for mustard and sesame seeds, again, these are usually staples that just come with the meal where we are from.
We had the kung pao chicken and a combination dinner (#3).
The food arrived immediately which made me wonder about the freshness, but overall the food was good and we will go back.

Have not had a bad meal here yet.
Dine in or carry out, Big Heng is the best Chinese food in AZ!

Found this place today by Googling "$5 lunch Peoria AZ"...and the Yelp link popped up.
It was a bit out of my way, but I had the time today, so I thought, "what the heck!
It got good reviews!
"  From the looks of the building and surrounding businesses, I was a bit leary, but most Yelpers gave this place 5 stars, so I had to give it a try.
(that's why we "yelp" this stuff, right?
"  The place was much nicer inside than judging from the outside.
It was pretty nice inside - not dark, dreary, or stinky!
Quite the opposite!
The place was bustling with activity; waitresses were busy serving and seating the lunch crowd.
The place was hopping and continued to throughout my 30 minute lunch.
After placing my order of Moo Goo Gui Pan, a bowl of egg-drop soup quickly arrived (it did not mention soup on the menu).
It was just ok.
It was simply broth and egg.
No standard peas or carrots in my bowl.
It had little to no taste, but a bit of Soy sauce fixed that.
The thing I DID like about the soup, was that it came PIPPING hot, little fried wontons on top of it, and served with WARM sweet and sour sauce - and my favorite kind too!
(I like the red, not the orange sauce).
That was a nice bonus!
My food was delivered very fast and again, PIPPING HOT.
The serving size was nice and the presentation was nice too.
Came with an egg-roll and one fried wonton.
The flavor was VERY good...nice and garlic'ly!
Extra points for FRESH mushrooms, too!
The waitress never came back to check on me and no hot mustard was on any of the tables nor offered to me...tried to catch a waitress, but was unsuccessful.
The food, ambiance, flavor, service was very good.
I would recommend this place...and the price was $4.85!!!
Since this place was a bit further than I like to drive at lunchtime, I will stick my my old fav, Shangri-La on 59th Ave.   Much better soup and not in the 'hood.
I'll gladly pay the extra buck.
If you are in the neighborhood of Peoria Ave and 75th Ave....stop in any give this place a try.

Amazing food and a very friendly staff.
I would have to suggest there orange chicken or teriyaki chicken

I would highly recommend Big Heng!
My husband and I have tried many of their dishes and we've never had a bad experience!
It is by far the best we've found in the valley!

I decided that we needed to try this place after reading Yelp reviews.
Who doesn't love yummy, but cheap Chinese food?
This place hit the spot!
The food was really good, we had plenty of leftovers, the prices were stellar.
This is probably the best Chinese food place we have found living out here so far, and we will be back.

Been looking for some good Chinese food and I have to say this place is pretty good.
We got the noodles and it was very fulfilling.
The egg rolls are GREAT!
I haven't had egg rolls that good in forever.
And it's also affordable.
Did not realize how cheap it was till I got the bill.
Only thing I didn't care for was that it was busy and so it made it harder to get the waitress attention.

I can only say good things about this place , I love their combos , had the best service ever .
Been going there since 2003 I love this place .
Don't mind at all the 20 min drive .
Amazing food !!

This place is a perfect example of "Never judge a book by its cover" On the outside it may look rundown and cheap, but once you walk inside, it's so beautiful its almost breath taking.
The food is reasonably priced and the service is great.
I have been going to this place for years, and no matter how far I move, I still try to make it ever few months.

Got our food to-go so I can't comment on the inside (I waited in the car) but man, my car smelt aaaaaaaamazing.
Between the 4 of us, we had Moo Goo Gai Pan, Kung Pao Chicken, House Fried Rice & House Lo Mein.
Hubby didn't care for his Kung Pao, there didn't seem to be much chicken in the dish.
I loved the light taste of the Moo Goo, it's a nice change from normal fried greasy style chinese.
Will be back soon!

O my gosh amazing food.
Service awesome,  huge portions very great prices!!!
We will be back!

This is the WORST Chinese restaurant I've ever been to in my life!!!
I've never had seasame chicken that was yellow/white yuck!!
Also they wouldn't give me a To go box the lo main tasted like straight pull I will not be be going back and in fact I'd I had money for a lawyer I would sue them

Service was ok and food wasn't any better.
The Orange chicken was ok, however the egg drop soup and fried rice left a lot to be desired.
Price is pretty good for a big lunch.
I don't think I'll be returning.

Great food, great service!
We enjoyed Kung Pao, fried rice, lemon chicken amd egg drop soup!

Been coming here for years.
Never had a problem with the service.
Its the best in my opinion.
The pork lo main is awesome.
Always get the sweet and sour pork too.
Big portions at a great price.
Don't hesitate to try.
You won't be sorry.

First off.
This is no fancy gourmet Chinese food.
This is Chinese fast food.
Keeping that in mind, it is good.
I find the Lo Mein there addicting.
I'm not a huge Lo Mein fan, but the way they season their noodles,  leaves us craving more.
The service can be a little challenging with some employees due to the language barrier, but they are always attentive.
I took my kids there last Friday night and we had our dinner out within 3-4 minutes of ordering.
We had Sesame Chicken and Chicken Lo Mein, bother were great.
We saw the staff sing happy birthday to a customer, first in English, then a Chinese song that I'm assuming is typically sung during birthdays.
I hope they keep up the delicious food!

A Favorite for Years!!!
Their house lo mein is the best I have ever tasted.
I have tried so many other places and this is by far the best!
Even though it is a hole in the wall strip mall, it's clean, friendly and well worth the trip.
Add some egg rolls and crab puffs YUM!!

