Too many watered down Mexican restaurants .
Not this place!
Great chiliquiles, red chili that tastes like red chili, not gravy.
The hot sauce is actually hot.
What a concept!
It's a good sign when you're  the only anglos in the joint.
Next time you need a "morning after" breakfast visit DON lenchos.
Hey just visit the next time you want real mexican food.

Belch oh wait Belch excuse me pleaae .
Just got back from this place and we are feeling quite bloated.
House Margarita well lets just say I am glad I had a cocktail before  my hubby drove us there, chips and salsa ummm OK I guess, we both had the taco enchilada combo, taco was Ok I liked the shell and the shredded beef was pretty good, enchilada not so good bland week sauce with literally a 1/2 cup of melted cheep cheese inside, just left it on my plate.
guac was decent but nothing was worth coming back for.
The service was good.

I went there with a large group of people (13 in all).
The food was ok, and the service was fair...it was the resulting 72 hours of vicious food poisoning that ALL 13 of us experienced.
It's pretty safe to say that Don Lencho's was the culprit, as half of the group was family that was from out of town, only in for the night and left the next day (yup they got sick while on a road trip home), and we did not eat any other meals together or even stay in the same house.
This may have been a touch of bad luck...but I'm not going to try my luck there again....EVER.

My wife and I have been here a handful of times.
Neat little family owned restraunt in downtown Peoria.
The food is really good.
Authentic mexican food.
Big portions.
I absolutely love the shrimp burrito, enchilada style with the white sauce.
I highly recommend it.
The margaritas are quite small, and the service is sometimes lacking.
Not rude service, just slow, and we have been forgotten for refills before etc.
That is why it gets 3 stars instead of four (the service and the small margaritas).
The food get's FIVE stars.
I planning on going back here several more times

Disclaimer: I only went to Don Lencho's for a Happy Hour drink.
I didn't eat dinner.
I've driven past Lencho's for years but never stopped.
No particular reason why.
I was near, and decided to finally go and get a drink.
Staff was friendly.
I got a seat at a table, read the menu & ordered a beer.
They no longer sold that beer.
Okay, asked for a different beer on the menu.
Nope, didn't have that either.
Found one that they still carry.
Server brought out chips & salsa.
Horrible!
Chips were less than room temperature, hard & tasted like the chips came straight out of the bag.
I doubt I'll ever eat at Don Lencho's.

I'm puzzled by the bad reviews too.
Every time I've been there for lunch, I walk away a happy and satisfied hombre.
The chips are warm, served with two kinds of salsa.
I asked for refried beans with my chips, and they accommodated by bringing a large portion with melted cheese... no charge.
Today I had tacos carnitas for lunch.
The pork was perfectly crispy yet tender.
The pico de gallo added the perfect heat, and the guacomole is delicious.
The combo included three tacos with double corn tortillas, small green salad, extra pico de gallo, sour cream, and refried beans.
Deliciouso!
The service is good.
The waiter came around several times and responded well to eye contact.
It wasn't busy, maybe five or six tables being served.
Never been there at dinner time, so I can't comment on that.
Three of us ate lunch for $36 with three soft drinks, and were completely satisfied.

Don Lencho's is my favorite authentic Mexican food joint in the Valley.
The place is a hidden treasure tucked away in Peoria, I'm surprised more people don't know about it.
Always clean and inviting.
The staff always goes the extra mile to make sure the guest is at home and receives great service.

My husband and I stopped in here the other day because we wanted some real Mexican food (we work in a Tex-Mex chain mexican restaurant) and we were pleasantly surprised!
The food was amazing!
I had the shrimp enchiladas and they were to die for!
Big portions too!
Small building but we had quick service and were very happy when we left.
We will be returning!

Best Carne Asada I've ever had!!
I've been coming here for two years now and they never disappoint!

Read other Yelp reviews, thought we would give it a shot.
Seating was speedy, order came out quick ... and then ... the hair!
Mind you, this wasn't some innocent looking hair in my wife's entree, rather it was a grotesque 16 inch black thread of vile sinew.
When I plucked it out from her dish, just as the waiter was walking over to our table, the strand decided to ornate itself with rice grains; similar to a beaded necklace.
Waiter watched me pull it out, said nothing and plopped some salsa on the table as he turned and walked away.
Ooh, did I mention the salsa wasn't half bad?

This is a find!
Colorful decor and food that is a cut above your average Mexican fare.
I actually had the grilled shrimp soup which was wonderful.
A flavorful broth with large pieces of vegetables (carrots, onions, celery, squash) and a generous portion of shrimp and fresh warm tortillas on the side made for a memorable meal.
My companion enjoyed the chicken enchiladas with rice and beans and enjoyed every morsel.
Our waitress was delightful and her service was top notch.
We chatted with her on the way out about the Menudo Soup that they make from scratch there.
Menudo, a fabled hangover remedy, is made with tripe (beef stomach) in a broth with red chilles and only the cook knows what else.
The decor is colorful - my glass of chardonnay was very adequate and a generous pour.
I'll definitely be back - maybe not for the Menudo though.

I cannot get enough of this restaurant.
Don Lencho's is family owned and operated and serving up some amazingly delicious mariscos (seafood) and mexican food.
Some of my favorite dishes include: menudo, chilaquiles with carne asada, and the vulve la vida (seafood cocktail with octopus, oysters, shrimp and clams).
I always leave completely satisfied and find myself craving this food practically every day!
Happy hour is also available every day which offers a wide variety of affordable drinks.
Try the Mango Margarita, yum.

The happy hour menu was really good.
I appreciated the kid menu as well.
My husband had a really greasy meal which grossed him out but I had a carne asada quesidilla that was to die for.
The place was super quiet during the beginning of supper but shortly picked up with lots of families.
The decor looks italian but don't let that fool you!
I would try it again to see if we can all get a great meal!

Cute little restaurant with decent food.
I ordered  a single fish taco and it came with enough fish to make two tacos which was a pleasant surprise.
Satisfied with the food however the staff could have been more friendly.
Left there thinking the staff must really dislike their jobs.
Glad I tried it but more than likely won't be going back anytime soon.

Everyone's so nice.
Our waitress was so friendly.
But here's the thing...the food is disgusting.
They give you free stale chips and salsa.
In our group we had ordered tortas, camarones rancheros, and fish.
The tortas were uh interesting to look at that's for sure, the bread was burnt and the meat was red..I've had tortas in the past plenty of times and I've never seen any like the one I had here, after we left the restaurant I was really scared I was going to get food poisoning.
My brother had the fried fish..it was flavorless.
Tasted like absolutely nothing.
The camarones rancheros were the absolute worst.
The situation was almost laughable because they were so bad.
Camarones rancheros are usually spicy and flavorful.
These were just cooked in tomato sauce and onion.
That's it!
No flavor at all.
When I asked the waitress if they were supposed to be like this she said yeah and that these were the best, I knew she was lying.
The rice and beans that came with it weren't good either.
We half a** ate our food, we payed, we left.
When we got in the car my little brother told us that when he went to the bathroom OUR waitress was in there cleaning the bathrooms, and she asked him to go under the stall and unlock it because it was locked from the inside.
Why the freak was our waitress, the person that gave us our FOOD and DRINKS be cleaning the bathrooms?!
Gross.
AND why the freaking freak would she think it's appropriate to ask my younger brother to get on his hands and knees to get under the stall?!?!?
I was just in shock.
NEVER EVER going back.
The only reason we went to this restaurant was because they had ok reviews on yelp but nope, I don't recommend it to anyone.

Usually I'm not dissatisfied with this place.
But I ate here Saturday night and 2 large parties came in after us.
We ordered our food Arroz Marinero and a carne asada quesadilla.
The quesadilla lacked cheese it was pretty pathetic and tasteless.
The Arroz Marinero was excellent like always.
Our appetizer was queso fundido with chorizo it was cold and stringy.
They servers spent most of their time catering to the large groups and after we got our food didn't return to the table to see how everything was or to see if we needed anything.
We had to go to the front cashier for our check.
I think its sad that they didn't treat all their tables with priority.
I will never return again.

This place is a dive, the interior & exterior is dying for an update, it's surrounded by an eyesore of buildings...
But I'm here for the food though!
The food is legit, don't let everything else fool u. I'm Mexican, my mom is a caterer & I love exploring in different eateries.
If u want good food, great prices & love alcohol this is the place!
Ambiance- 2 Food quality - 5 Food presentation - 3 Pricing - 4 Location - 2 Service - 5  My review is solely on the good food & service & nothing else.
If u r looking for ambiance & something fancy this is not the place.

This place is good depending on what you get.
Kind of hit and miss.
I had a Carne aside burrito I didn't like.
The lunch special is a good deal.
The beans are really good.
Fried fish is really good.

