Let me pre-empt this review by stating that my standards for home repair are extremely high.
I dont usually call electricians, landscapers, drywallers, painters, framers, roofers, plumbers, or mechanics because I can usually do it myself, or figure it out for more than half the cost of a pro.
So needless to say that if I do call in a pro, it had better be up to my standards the way I would expect ME to do it.
I will nitpick the heck out of anything that is done in my house.
Now on to the review:  I knew my AC was going out...for the 3rd time.
It was only a matter of when.
Cheap contractor grade AC in cookie cutter home, I expected it, and knew it was coming.
Wahl Air Conditioning from the beginning was superb in customer service.
My AC went out in my house this last Sunday night, so I called them first thing Monday morning.
They said they could be out first thing later that morning to give me a quote.
Being the responsible person that I am also called 2 other AC guys.
One big name brand, the other another small guy.
The big guys couldnt be bothered to see me until Wed. and the other small guy said he could be here that morning as well.
The small company got here first and quoted me over 9700 for a new cadillac unit from American Standard.
Ouch!
They left and Wahl came in.
They came in at 8700 for the same unit, but told me about the $1k rebate American standard offered, and that brought the price down to $7700 and Wahl was going to go the extra mile and fix a problem room I had, install a new intake grate, non of which the other company was going to do.
And then to add icing on the cake, they rolled in a portable AC unit and told me how to block off a section of the house with sheets or plastic sheeting and the portable could keep that part of the house cool while they went to work.
Nobody else offered that!
I had visions of moving the family to a hotel or my brothers house until the work was done!
They said they could begin work on Wed. Sold.
They came Wed right at 8am and told me it would be a one day job.
Awesome.
They put sheets down on the floor where they had to traffic back and forth to access the air handler in the attic through my daughter's room, and were extremely polite, even asking permission before using a bathroom, or plugging tools into my outlets for power.
They had to take the trim off the access door to the ceiling space and I was curious what kind of job they would do putting it back since these are AC guys, and not finishing carpenters.
So the day ends, and lo and behold as they are charging the system they find a hole in the coil that the manufacturer had inadvertently created.
It was evening by now, and they couldnt get a new unit until the morning, but for my troubles the offered to extend my 1 year warranty for labor up to 10 years to match the parts warranty.
Small gamble on their part since I purchased a very well made unit, but it was more than I would have asked for because at this point you just have to suck it up and it gets done when it gets done.
As it was the portable unit they lent me was doing just fine.
They came the next morning and installed the new unit, charged it up,  and I had new AC by 10am Thur morning.
I went and inspected everything and its beautiful.
Even the trim work they tor down I cant even tell they removed it, new caulking on the seams and everything.
Im in awe of the quality these guys presented for the price they charged.
I found my new AC guys.
The only con I can give them is that they dont accept Amex.
Only Visa/MC, or a check.
So be prepared because I wasnt.
But that is my fault for not asking :P

Wahl Air conditioning did a fantastic job.
We were impressed with their professionalism  and complete service.
We have had problems with our ac unit for years.
Wahl came in and inspected our whole house and figured out the problem.
Previously we had been sold too big of a unit and the duct work was not properly installed after adding an additional room.
Wahl Ac put in a smaller unit reran the duct work and the difference is unbelievable.
I only wish we would have used them the first time around and we would not have had to do it all over!
I have to say I always thought bigger was better and that's not always the case in AC.
Our electric bill went down and the house is so comfortable.
Before this the house was humid and one side was just not getting the air flow.
I think I could do a commercial for this place!
Thanks to them I have a new peace about having contractors work in our home.
Its hard to find people that don't "find" something else wrong or don't "run into problems" and then you incur more cost.
John at  Wahl had his guys do exactly what he told us would need to be done.
He even came by and worked with them in the attic in the middle of the  summer to make sure it was going to be done on time.
Thanks Dennis Wahl for creating a company that has integrity!!!

Old fashion value company super good .
great price is very professional came out at 8 in the morning was finished by  1  gave me a year supply of filters answered all my stupid questions new thermostat new filter cover went the extra mile on every point would use them without question very reasonably priced

I just got my one year checkup they brought out filters , service check , transformer was going bad so they replaced it all free of charge Chris wahll came out and did an excellent job thank you so much again for all that you guys have done best service ever would recommend them to everyone  .

