Great place to pull up on yer' Hawg and enjoy a break in your ride.
All or Most are Discovery channel bikers though.
Some great bikes to look at if you are in to HD's.
Great pizza and spicy bloody Mary's.
If you ride up on yer' sled, watch your pipe noise as Cave Creek has an 84 DB limit law and they will write you up.

Stop by the Hideaway today and had a good time.
Plenty of bikes, food and live music.
It's worth the afternoon to spend some time there.

Pretty cool little biker bar.
Food was good typical bar portions with pretty standard bar.
It has a very large outside patio which I am sure make it the go to spot in the Arizona summer heat.

A genuine, authentic, not-for-the-faint-of-heart biker bar.
The real deal.
If you're looking for WiFi as a previous poser, err..poster, wrote, this isn't the place for you.
The "weekend motorcyclists" stick out like a sore thumb because the place is packed with legitimate bikers and 1&'ers.
The food is what it should be; old fashioned, American, put-a-smile-on-your-drunk-face good eatin,' Great beer, staff is just as legit and no nonsense.
They'll take care of you but don't act like a rube.
Overall, a throwback kind of place to a bygone era when the customer was only right if he didn't act like a stuck up shithead.
Treat the place(staff and patrons) with respect and you just might make some friends.
Show up in your tricked out touring bike that looks like you wash it more than you ride it, wearing HD logos from head to toe and expecting WiFi and perhaps you should just take your sorry ass on down the road somewhere else.
My alltime favorite joint.
If you don't like it, you don't understand it.

Had a fantastic time at this cool biker bar while in town for my nephew's graduation from ASU.
Waaaay too good of a time, in fact...with my wonderful, fun, crazy family who came from all over to celebrate this milestone.
We drank, danced, sang with the band, and ate huge plates of bar-food-fried yumminess, all outside on a gorgeous Arizona spring night.
The regulars didn't seem to mind our woo-hoo behavior, either, which makes this place as good as a biker bar gets.

My favorite dive bar in Cave Creek.
They have a great little patio, interesting servers, and live music.
The place feels like it has been here 100-years.
The drinks are pretty reasonable and the crowd provides for ample people watching.

This is one of the best biker bars around!!!
Great happy hour during the week days!!
The burgers are great and the servers are all cute and very friendly!
Don't let all the tatoos and leather intimidate you!
We took our friend Paula there last Sunday on their Anniversary weekend and she was in her tennis outfit!
There were many bikers there and a great band was playing and the place was packed full!
The Hideaway guy patrolling the parking lot joked and said, "Did you just come off your Harley in that tennis skirt?
" The drink prices are reasonable and I highly recommend this place on a sunny afternoon!
Great people watching and you might be surprised at who you might run into?!

This place is a must-visit if you are ever passing through the Cave Creek, Carefree area.
It's a biker bar first and foremost so that should be enough of a clue to most of you about many things including service, attitudes, decor, and of course motorcycle gazing.
We always hit this when down in Scottsdale and they never dissapoint.
They have a great staff serving tasty burgers and awesome pizzas made to order.
Wash it all down with a frosty beer then sit back and people watch.
It's been fun to watch them grow from a "shed" to having a huge new wood deck with misters (absolute requirement in July!
) and outside mini bar.
Friday nights and weekends in early Summer are a blast.
Just need to be careful if you've had a few as the local police patrol are always watching and are pretty picky about loud bikes sometimes.

Not Just A Biker Bar!
- As their moto say "There are no strangers here, only friends you have not meet yet"  New to the area and state,  my husband, daugher and I were warmly welcomed at this small local stop.
All year out of door space with plenty of deck heaters and two large gas fire pits to keep you warm until the beverages kick in.
Great drinks for the $.
Great Bartenders and a really fun Karokee night (thursdays) Dex is great and really encourages everyone to give it a try.
Come and meet new friends!

can't help but be a regular.
great employees and patrons.
a great laid-back hangout

It's called the Hideaway for some very good reasons....do not piss off the locals or the non- want to be locals for that matter, they will kill you, eat you children, and bugger  you in the most heinous ways if you ever insult their bar, bike, or women.
That being said, you could not meet a nicer bunch or people, in all the times I've been there, I have never witnessed a fight, a stolen (worst sin ever) bike, wallet, or witnessed a fight.
Truly great people, awesome, fun and hot female staff, (had to throw that in) and cheap specials/ happy hours

A must stop in Cave Creek.
The best people watching next to Vegas.
The most friendly people in AZ hang out here.
Love it....5 stars!!!

Yes, it is a biker bar.
And it is packed with them at certain times, especially weekends.
I don't ride.
But if you roll in on a weekday around noon you might not see any, and if everyone seems to know everyone it's because they are all friendly local folks.
So if you're visiting Cave Creek don't assume the Hells Angels are there looking to kick ass   Most of the "bikers" probably drive BMWs during the week.
I stop in at least once a week for a bite.
The food is the best bar food in Cave Creek and the service is awesome.
I've been to every bar in town.
Harold's , The Chip, Toad, etc.
all are good, but The Hideaway is the best.

Great atmosphere

Crazy out door place to be during bike week.
They had trinket vendors out there and the atmosphere was fun.
bartenders were a site to see!
a must during bike week.
not sure about the rest of the year yet, I'll letcha know next time I drop in.....

Yes, it is a biker bar.
And it is packed with them at certain times, especially weekends.
I don't ride.
But if you roll in on a weekday around noon you might not see any, and if everyone seems to know everyone it's because they are all friendly local folks.
So if you're visiting Cave Creek don't assume the Hells Angels are there looking to kick ass   Most of the "bikers" probably drive BMWs during the week.
I stop in at least once a week for a bite.
The food is the best bar food in Cave Creek and the service is awesome.
I've been to every bar in town.
Harold's , The Chip, Toad, etc.
all are good, but The Hideaway is the best.
Okay I forgot to mention.
Free delicious pizza at happy hours.
It is the best place in town.
Meet wonderful people from all over the country who stop in riding their bikes to this awesome bar   The weather has turned awesome now.
So the strangers who become friends multiply exponentially   If you come Monday to Wednesday and Friday you met Dawn working the bar.
And your life will be forever better and you might meet me.
You can decide if that is good or bad.
Dawnie is glorious and Leslie makes The best food is so good so yummy.
but  come to our little cowboy town and have a great time at the hideaway  worth the drive.
Scottsdale is just Malibu west with no ocean

Just had a fundraiser for our animal rescue, and The Hideaway was our last stop.
They were fantastic, and gave out free meals to our volunteers and riders for the event.
I've been here 3-4 times now, and every time I really enjoyed myself.
Friendly staff, good drinks, good food, and good atmosphere.
Fantastic.
Can't wait to do our ride again next year!!

Awesome place to stop for a beer and a burger when out on the bike...
I great conversation and service.
Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.

Love the Hideaway!
One of my favorite spots any day of the week.
Don't be alarmed by the "Biker bar" theme, as most of them are Christmas bikers who are Lawyers, or Investment bankers during the week.
I have never seen anything remotely resembling a hardcore biker gang, or any trouble there after being a regular for several years.
Mark runs a great Bar, and its full of friendly bikers of all ages.
I don't even have a bike, or leather chaps, or even pretend to be a biker and get along with everyone.
The pizza is just about as good as it gets.
Possibly my favorite pizza in the valley (except Spinatos).
Live music , video jukebox, and great atmosphere.
I even dragged some Snottsdale friends up there and they now love this place.
Just try it, and it will most likely become your favorite as well.....

Two Harley's and four friends for lunch at the Hideaway.
We enjoyed a few brews, couple cigars and a great lunch.
Will be heading back real soon.

Love to stop here!
This is a great place to have a drink and relax!
Except for the main bar, all of the seating is outside with misters in the summer and heaters in the winter.
The bartenders are friendly.
They pour a good drink.
Food is available.
Yes, it's a biker bar, but very laid back.
Be it locals or out-of-towners, all are welcome here.

It's a biker bar.
I love Harleys so this was so cool for me too see so many works of art lined up bike after bike after bike.
One word... Beautiful.
I was star stuck, I had just been to the infamous Jackson Barrot car show and there were a few cool bikes but this was like a showroom of awesome for the price of a tasty beverage.
At some point they announced,  "if you are the owner of an orange Harley, it just fell over" the crowd gasped including myself.
It's ok it didn't even look scratched.
If you have a car and walk up they know so don't play they won't kill you unless you are a douche.
There was live music and a bunch of shops to buy things like corsets, patches, t-shirts, whips etc.
I picked up a cute set of pasties for $5

The most yuppiest biker bar in the valley..
They hate the locals in cave creek and only cater to the yuppie big wheel bagger crowd from phoenix, locals should not give this scumbag POS one single dime!

