Very dated rooms and decor also Friday night clientele is rather sleazy, it is right next to Tequila Willys that should say it all

I was in town for my daughters graduation and stayed here.
The place is newly renovated, very clean and the staff was very nice.
The breakfast was okay.
The price was fair.
I would defiantly stay here again

Got a room for $50/ night and It really was better than expected!
The staff were very polite and funny, and made me feel at ease and welcome at the hotel.
The continental breakfast was quite good considered how inexpensive the stay was.
The room was well accommodated, had great lighting and was very clean.
The only thing i can really say was lacking was the bedding.
The blankets were thin and pillows were small.
But I would definitely stay here again :)

I have stayed here three times now on a business trip.
The room was under $50/night.
They just remodeled all of their rooms (suites are being worked on) and it's impressive.
I do travel a lot for work and stay in nice places but considering the price, services and quality of the rooms, this is one of my favorites.
Pros: nice and friendly staff, ok breakfast (bagels, waffles, eggs, yogurt, apples, juice, coffee, cereal), clean rooms, comfy bed and pillows, a/c, cable tv, fridge and microwave in the room, free internet, pool, free printing services in lobby, gas station next door that has a mini mart for snacks.
Cons: if I had to come up with one, sometimes you can find some 'interesting' people staying here.
But with that said, I have never been bothered or felt unsafe.
Highly recommend!

The outside of the hotel wasnt all that appealing.
It is an "U" shaped building with the pool and the office in the center.
There was construction going on the time I was there so half of the building wasnt being used and  there were workers there the whole time  I was there.
They didnt bother me at all, they were gone by the time I returned for the night.
The room was nicely updated and everything worked well and was clean.
The breakfast was good, warm , free is up my lane.
The lower stars are for the immediate location to the train tracks.
It was very loud at night with freight trains going by all night.
Thankfully I sleep through those things but while I was awake they were loud and if you are a soft sleeper this may be an issue.

Clean spacious room.
Friendly and helpful staff.
I'm currently moving from the Pacific Northwest to the east coast, nicest hotel we have stayed at so far!

