Amazing staff!
Easy to get in and out!
No hassling.
No long wait times.
Dr. Clark is friendly and funny.
She makes you feel comfortable, even a baby like me who hates any one NEAR my eyes!

I have been absolutely thrilled with my results from my liposuction surgery.
I had my stomach and thighs worked on by Dr. Justo.
What a WONDERFUL experience.
I have noticed how much better I look in my clothes and feel so much more confident in my appearance.
I have also had permanent makeup performed at Dr. Justo's office.
I love my eyeliner and eyebrows which are extremely natural looking and that is what I love so much about having them done.
No one can even tell because they look beautiful.
Lastly for the past 8 years I have been getting Botox performed by Dr. Justo every 3 to 4 months and I love the results.
I look refreshed and youthful.
Thank you Dr. Justo and Team for such a wonderful experience and my wonderful results!

I'll post before and after pictures in a couple of months, because it does take that long for the 'totally-healed" look, but let me tell ya, Dr. Justo ROCKS at eyelid surgery!
For years, my upper lids "puffed"  over my eyelashes.
For years (and I'm not exaggerating when I say it's been about 20 years) I couldn't see anything from either side of my eyes.
My lids made me tired, and unless you have this condition, you won't understand, but I literally felt like my eyelids weighed a pound.
I was overjoyed immediately (stitches, redness, swelling and all) and continue to be trilled with my eyes!
I was awake during the procedure, and was surrounded by a wonderful, caring staff.
They called me for two days following the procedure to see how I was doing (I was out shopping) and are very commited to excellence.
Dr. Justo is amazing and very skilled at this particular surgery.
I would highly recommend him for Blepharoplasty surgery!

Dr Mandi Conway was referred to me by another world renowned retinal specialist when I moved to the area.
She and Dr Peyman are tops in the field.
He invented Lasik surgery.
They are very caring and you can't find anyone in the world who is better qualified to treat your retinal issues.
That are the BEST.

We have gone here for all our eye are for several years.
They are very good, very thorough, very friendly, & very concerned!
We won't go anywhere else!

