I have been here several times over the years.
Recently I found myself two weeks in a row having to kill time while working and this was the nearest place that sounded good in the area.
Typical Denny's, ok but not exciting.
Most of the food was cooked properly but the hash browns both times were ok on the outside but not fully cooked in the middle.
I am going to date myself a little bit here.
To me it looked like an old Sambo's except the counter has now gone away to be replaced by another row of booths.
So I asked my server about this and he said it was indeed a Sambo's when he used to visit his parents in Sun City from Florida many years ago and became a Denny's around 1975 when Sambo's folded.

It's Denny's.
They stay in business because you know what you're going to get.
And even though there is bound to be some local place that's better, there are also bound to be local places that are worse.
So you're here for the safety of the choice, not the chance for greatness.
This particular Denny's isn't bad.
Neighborhood is sketchy.
And the building itself isn't exactly sparkly and fresh.
But the food is what you expect and the service is good.
You can be 60 years old and still be one of the younger people in the place.
I had breakfast and it was just what I was expecting.

Service auks here today very SLOW

I wouldn't normally give Denny's such high marks but this Denns is special.
The wait staff can not be beat!
They have many regulars and they remember our names and what we like to eat.
The cooks make delicious diner food.
It's always hot and flavorful.
I can't say that about most Denny's.
Try it, you'll like it.

It's Denny's...how tough can it be to follow the standard recipes and cookie-cutter-esque nature that is Denny's?
This particular joint does a good job.
Friendly, accommodating staff and the same basic food that you expect from Denny's.
This location has been here for years and I've never had a bad experience.
It's a solid 3 star all the way!

This place is alway super fast and the wait staff is really nice but I wish they would clean more.
The menus had stuff stuck to them and my daughter was grossed out when she went under the table, she is 2 1/2 years old.
Thanks chain restaurant but start to clean it up!

I would not recommend this particular Denny's if your 30 or younger.
This place smells like old people and death, (its Sun City) and for some reason the weirdest people are always hanging out outside the place or sitting inside; it creeps me out.
It also needs a good cleaning, I always get a sticky table.
The staff and waitresses are friendly and the food is good but that's it.

Went into Denny's on 8/11 to have a nice family dinner.
My son ordered the make your own pancakes with white chocolate chips, strawberries, banana's and whipped cream.
My parents ordered the make your own grand slam and I got the avocado chicken salad.
The restaurant was sort of clean, the floors were dirty under the tables, cobwebs hanging from the fake plants along the ceiling and on the shutters.
Not to mention you could make a nice hat from the dust in the laddies bathroom.
My son got food poisoning from the whipped cream.
The avocado on my salad were so rubbery it was like a fake food prop.
1/3 of the salad was old yellow romaine lettuce.
The meat on my parents' plates was undercooked, my mom asked for egg beaters (fake eggs) got egg whites, waitress never told her they didn't have "Egg Beaters".
Parents wanted to change their meat, and the waitress went to the kitchen window and "told on" on them, instead of telling the cook she mis-ordered items for them.
An experience I hope never to repeat!!
Dine at Denny's at your own expense!

Crazy service!
Felt like short of workers .
Was waiting in line for breakfast.... 15 mins: hostess busy w orders to go AND cash out people AND seat people ..... Really?
Lines to pay & to seat !
Then people ahead on me on line are to be seated!!!!!
Helllloooooo!
When I asked about that, oh yeah, they took me to seat ..... AND there are about 7 boots available !!!!
Are you kidding ???????
Last time here!
Waiting still for fooood....
Wondering for how long .......
Still waiting .....

