Do not use this company!
I'm only giving it a one star because you can't give it zero.
We've had a maintenance plan with this company for a year now and every single interaction has been horrible.
Staff never knows what's going on; there's no customer service; we never get phone calls returned when promised; technicians never show up on time; we've been billed incorrectly; etc.
The last straw was that a technician came out to provide a tuneup as part of our maintenance agreement.
A/C was working fine when he arrived.
After the appointment, we didn't have the AC running until the evening when we turned it on right before bed.
It's broken!
Called back in the morning and they don't know when they can have someone come out; said they were going to charge us for the technician to come out (possibly the same person who broke the unit in the first place).
Unfortunately, this review is based on a year's worth of interactions that have proven this company to be awful.
Avoid.

I would highly recommend Service Experts formerly Bob Brown Heating & Air for any and all AC services.
They stand behind their warranty and word.
I just had a technician, Saul, out to diagnose my AC unit.
He was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and fair.
He considered my satisfaction above all else.
A service company that you can really trust.

Got a free coupon for an AC inspection and boy did they deliver.
The technician was very thorough and did a great job of explaining what he was doing.
This company is the only one I ever used that left you with all the readings they got when they tested the compressor and other components.
I would highly recommend them.
They did a great job of communicating when they would arrive.
Everyone I spoke to was professional and the technician even had an American flag on his shirt sleeve.
Great company.
Try them - prices for services were very reasonable.

Bob Brown Service Experts have been my AC service company for several years.
They took excellent care of my old AC and made it last 16 years.
In 2012 I had a new AC installed by them and I continue to have them service it.
Their Technicians are always on time, they are very respectful, knowledgeable and fair.
The company lets you work with the same Technician if you are satisfied with one in particular.
I like Pablo, he does excellent work, and I follow his recommendations and suggestions.
I feel it is a company I can trust, they do not push any products or services.
I always speak  very  highly of them.

I recently had my AC units serviced by Bob Brown.
They provided excellent service, were on time for their appointment, and spent extra time to make sure everything was in order.
In the past, service technicians have been in and out of my home in 45 minutes for a two-unit service.
This took over two hours and was less expensive.
I will definitely use them for all my service needs in the future.

I would give this company a zero star but there aren't zeros available called them late last night told me that they would be there between 8 AM and 10 AM they have my home phone number and my cell phone number the service technician called my cell phone number at 9:15 I called him back at 9:38 and he advised me that he was not allowed to come out until I answered my phone then told me he had one call ahead and him I had to wait another two hours before he could come out I just.
I called the different air conditioning company they came out the same day within a half an hour I will never use Bob Brown service experts again.

