The food is excellent!
There is a large variety of items to choose from and you can get full meals or a la carte.
Portions are generous.
After dinner you are treated to a cup of ice cream.
The negative:  I really wish they would replace the booths.
They look like they have been there since the 50s and haven't been cleaned all that much.
Since the food is so good, and they seem to keep the place clean (they are often seen cleaning while I am there) I can only guess that it is decades of stains...

They must have heard me!
They recovered the booths!

Gross!
I got a combo platter of chicken curry.
On the menu it had a red pepper next to it, meaning to signify that it was spicy, but the curry was extremely bland, and it looked like greasy water.
I assume that it is because they have such a thin curry that the dish was served in a cup-shaped fried egg roll wrapper.
Not only was the sauce a disappointment, but the chicken was extremely fatty.
The fact that it was a combo platter meant that I also received side dishes... First of all, their fried rice has no egg or veggies in it, so it's just soy sauce-soaked salty rice.
The egg roll was okay, although it was the heaviest egg roll I've ever encountered, since it was primarily fried wrapper around meager contents.
There was also a side of horribly MSG-laden lo-mein.
Finally there were two buffalo wings which I never got to because by that point I was not really wanting to eat any more of their food offerings.
First bad meal out I've had in a long time (food-wise, anyway... at least the staff was pleasant).
Maybe they have other foods that they are better at making?
I don't know, and won't be back to find out!

Ever feel like people are dummies for NOT consulting Yelp?
I often get into tiffs with my friends about which restaurants NOT to go to.
I saw the sparse, lackluster views (especially from Iain B!
) and said "I think this is a bad idea.
Are you SURE?
"...damn it, they just had to be.
This food is just as boring as the neighborhood.
It looked well-kept enough, but was uncomfortably quiet.
The menu was expansive, but I remained healthily skeptical about what and what not to order.
While we waited, we were greeted with water and hot tea...  "Sun Devil" chicken/pork/beef sounded tasty, but I knew to call bullshit when it said "extremely spicy".
So I settled for my staple at new Chinese restaurants: Lemon chicken.
Why such an overdone dish?
Because it tells me if they know how to make a chicken breast, the easiest meat to prepare, and they know how to make a sauce.
They failed on both counts.
Sure, the chicken was cooked properly, but there was no detectable flavor in the meat itself OR the batter.
It was sitting in a pool of a lemon syrup that didn't suit it at all.
No hint of fresh lemons anywhere; it tasted like one half of a lemon meringue pie.
It was WAY too sweet.
My friend's Sun Devil pork came out, and I declined to try it.
It was essentially chopped pork with plentiful diced jalapenos.
What a snooze.
Chang Lee is full of mediocre, uninspiring food that lacks quality, is overpriced, and no sides other than a smidgen of white rice (No wontons?
Egg rolls, even!?).
I really don't have a reason to return.

Horrible food!
Their fried rice looks and tastes like white rice.
When I called and asked them about it, they said they put less soy sauce in during the summer months because of the smell.
I did not want to hear any further information on that one.
If you want bland food with no taste, this is the place for you.

I asked a business near Chang Lee's if they would recommend their food, and everyone said yes.
I was greeted immediately upon entering Chang Lee's by two less than enthusiastic waitresses.
I ordered take out (sweet & sour pork, fried rice, and a coke).
While waiting in the lobby, I noticed several displeasing things.
There was a half full coffee carafe in a soda/water mini fridge, their fish tank had scum all over the inside with little foliage or rock (these help de-stress fish), and their TV was set to Unsolved Mysteries--not exactly an appetizing show.
I received my food and headed back to work.
The soda tasted...dirty.
I don't know how it is possible, but my Coca Cola in a Styrofoam cup tasted as if there were dust or dirt in it.
I couldn't even choke it down.
The pork wasn't bad, good flavor, but very fatty.
The rice was nothing special, just a filler by far.
Hardly any veggies or egg included in it.
I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone.

Tonight, while driving home, I experienced a hankering for Chinese food.
I knew of a couple of spots, but they were out of my way.
I decided to grab some takeout from this buffet on Grand that I knew of when I drove past this place.
I saw a sign out of the corner of my eye, thought it had a Chinese sounding name, so I flipped around and decided to give it a try.
Upon entering the restaurant, I noticed it was very quiet for a Friday night.
I thought it might be in the process of closing, but they weren't.
After perusing the menu, I ordered the lemon chicken, same as Taric.
After placing my order to go, I chatted up the owner about how long the restaurant had been there, how business was, etc.
She was incredibly warm and friendly, and after hearing about how the economy had recently took a toll on their profits, I suggested that if the food was to my liking, I would stop in for return business.
In short, I'm grateful that I didn't read Taric's review beforehand, otherwise I may have been disinclined to visit.
The lemon chicken that I had was fantastic.
It wasn't at all overcooked, had a great flavor, and was served on a bed of delicious fried rice.
Since my order was takeout, the lemon sauce was on the side.
Expecting it to be super sweet and syrupy (as Taric suggested it was), I poured just a light drizzle on my chicken, and I found it to be just the right flavor, so I added more.
As for the accoutrements, not only did my meal come with a wonton and a hefty eggroll, it also came with a fried shrimp.
The combination meal that I ordered was considered the smaller portion, and it was filling.
My out the door total was less than nine bucks, so I have no idea how anyone could call this food overpriced.
All in all, I had an excellent meal (that totally hit the spot after 90 minutes of hot yoga) for a reasonable price at a local business that I will be more than happy to continue to give my business to.
This is officially my spot close to home.

Writing this review while still sitting in the restaurant.
Hunan beef was very good, spicy enough to cause some sniffles but still enjoyable to eat.
And the crab rangoon (called crab angels here) were great and I eat those everywhere I can get them.
Prices are reasonable and service was quick but it was not that busy when I got here either.

Fehgedaboudit.
Ordered large shrimp and they served me what looked & tasted like bread or batter in the shape of large shrimp.

The decor is like out of a 70's flash back, retro nothing wrong with that.
I had the house chicken combo.
It was good, noodles are tasty but the fried rice left a lot to be desired.Friendly service and decent price.
This is my 2nd time here.
I enjoy the employees they are very nice and friendly always there to lend a suggestion.
They have a great selection of menu items and great specials.

The service was okay with the waiter but the paying for the bill was horrible, we waited for 10 minutes at the stand and no one came.
They do not have a kids menu which was sad but they did cater more towards the elderly with discounts as well.
I would not go back because it was nothing special but the retro decorations made it an interesting stop!

Chang Lee's is a small family owned restaurant with old style décor, food, and a full bar.
I am surprised at some of the food reviews I have read .
I find their food to be consistent and not greasy - although I have not tried their curry.
Their fried rice is bland and could be better with some egg.
It is true that the food marked hot with the chili is only slightly hotter than mild.
But if you want it really hot, just ask.
I like their egg rolls, hefty and not greasy.
The broth for the wonton soup is the clearest I have seen.
One of my favorites is moo shu pork.
The filling is moist and flavorful with pork, Chinese black mushrooms, cabbage, and more served in Chinese pancakes with hoisin sauce.
Another dish I order is sizzling rice shrimp.
Decent sized shrimp with a few veggies in a mild sauce, when poured on the rice sizzles.
My better half enjoys the lemon chicken which you can order baked or fried.
As far as service goes, the whole family is very friendly and will answer any questions you have.
They bring the food promptly, steaming hot.
Once we had to flag down our server for the bill.
If you want a relaxing meal in a quiet atmosphere with decent food, Chang Lee's is a good place to go.

We are first time diners this evening and we enjoyed the experience.
Our server was excellent and the atmosphere was calming.
It was a hot and humid day here in Sun City, but we decided to order a pot of tea.
It was a familiar and good choice for us as we have always found ourselves recounting fond memories over many a pot of tea, this day was no different.
When our meal arrived, we were both anxious and desiring the food to be tasty.
We were not disappointed.
My House Special Chow Mein was delicious and included pork, shrimp and chicken with lots of crisp veggies.
My husband's combination dish was a welcoming sight to him as he was desiring an ample meal.
(I posted photos of our plates, as you can see for yourself, we received generous portions!
)  Since our condo is only a few blocks away, there is no doubt, we will be back to sample more of this restaurant's delicious offerings.

This  really has outstanding service it's a lot older place but you do not get this kind of service anywhere else but this restaurant, it's strictly all family run, that means all attitude GONE you won't find that crappy in here.
I personally watch the kids grow up they are great and you'll see them there any time you go.

This place always smelled good  This place really has outstanding service it's other restaurants's should take training from this location on service.
Consistency still stays the same good food and good service coming.

Those who read my reviews know that I am a sucker for a good kitschy dive.
There is no better, no kitschier dive than Chang Lee.
It's quintessential, over the top decor always makes me smile and for those who turn their nose up to such things, you don't know what you're missing.
The food at Chang Lee is delish.
It is authentic, well seasoned, and served at all the right temps.
Love that you can order the special and it comes with egg roll and chicken wings.
The staff is friendly, polite, and attentive.
Love that it's family owned and operated.
I have come here many times over the years and I look forward to going back soon.

I ordered take out as I was in a hurry...
I expressed concern over gluten/flour in the sauce.
The hostess taking the order was very helpful and  after confirmation with another employee ( who recommended the special I ordered, advising me not to eat the wonton and eggroll) I placed my order.
My order was the lunch menu special recommend $6.95  shrimp with lobster sauce, and fried rice.
(Normally it comes with an eggroll and wonton, but  not being able to eat those I passed and they did not charge me the upgrade from steamed to fried rice) it totaled almost $14 bucks!
Not thrilled with that total I questioned it and the change was made from the dinner to   the lunch menu special.
The food was pretty bland,  but as a salt lover, I was NOT left lacking... there were no veggies to mention in the fried rice...
I would have truly given 2 stars but boosted it since fhey were so helpful with the gluten free issue, I KNOW not to eat an eggroll, but they took the time and care to make sure!
:-)

