I am not a huge Starbucks coffee fan (too bitter for my taste) but I can not deny that I thoroughly enjoy a Venti White Chocolate Iced with 2 extra shots and whipped cream on a hot day.
When I'm feeling especially indulgent I'll spring for the Coffee Frapacino.
The heck with the calories!
The staff is always warm and friendly with big smiles and a ready welcome.
I get a kick out of listening to the booming barritone voice of the barista.
Don't know his name, but he is young and his voice and personality are that of a much larger guy.
Personality plus.
Usually fast, usually accurate.
When they make a boo boo on a drink they give it to ya for free.
Can't knock that kind of service.
I love the whole ambience in these coffee houses even if I'm not "in love" with their "straight" coffee.

Great service, they remember your name and what you drink.
Always smiling.

Way too main stream and over-priced.
Coffee is not as good as what would be found at a local shop where the employees actually care.
Employees were rude and slow, even when there were not many customers waiting.

It's your average Starbucks.
Decent amount of seating inside and outside.

Wow!
Service has gotten worse and worse at this location.
Last week I had one person in front of me and 15 minutes later was still waiting for our drinks.
So, today I order and a new girl is working the reg.
never in my life have I had a barrista mess up my drink and then calls me out in front of the whole line to rering me up for the 60cent difference and then continues tell me I ordered it that way.
Not only did she get  size wrong but I guess she didnt hear the skinny part either.
Anyways, I wonder if that little girl realizes that 60cent rering just cost them about $150/ month in business.
Usually, Starbucks has such good customer service, ugh!

Love this place they always get remember me and my order :)

This location is slow and can't multitask.
I've compained three times to corporate about this location.
Keep driving and find a better location.

Was debating between 1 or 2 stars because my breakfast sandwich and coffee were good, but chose just 1.
The other bad reviews on this location are right on par with my complaint.
My advice is to go to another location completely.
The female cashier I encountered was rude.
First, I walked in and looked at the pastries and she said hello 3 times like she was trying to rush me and there wasn't even a line behind me.
When I asked if they had a particular sandwich available, she said abruptly said yeah and gave me a snotty look.
Then, I gave her my credit card and she snatched it out of my hand.
Is customer service just not taught or emphasized anymore these days?
Guess not.

I liked this Starbucks, parking was plenty, there was a good amount of inside seating with outlets for your techno gadgets, and staff was so nice.
I'm a green member so I get free refills on coffee and tea, she actually let me change my drink though from tea to coffee on my refills and gave me samples to test which coffee was best :) On the down side the bathrooms were dirty and there seemed to be a wait for coffee.

