While I am very surprised to be the first to review this fabulous Italian eatery, I also find it to be a pleasure as well!
Nestled in the heart of Carefree's shopping centers and eateries on Easy Street located right next to a nail salon is this quaint, elegant, and sophisticated little restaurant.
Inside there are about 15-20 tables.
I had made a reservation for our party of 4 not knowing how busy it would be on a Friday evening at 7 in Carefree and I'm glad I did.
This joint was hopping!
We were given water and a basket of delicious toasted and warm bread with an herb butter.
I'm so tired of those "trendy" places that think Olive Oil and balsamic is a proper topping on bread.
Not so at Giordano's...they offer olive oil but the butter is where it's at.
We were greeted promptly by our server who suggested a great wine for us.
We ordered calamari as our appetizer.
Calamari isn't my favorite because it's usually so overcooked and chewy that it's just not worth the money.
Giordano's used panko breading and these calamari were fried perfectly.
The accompanying marinara sauce was fantastic as well.
Not too sweet and not too tangy.
One of my party ordered the chicken and the other veal marsala.
I ordered the Giordano's chicken which was chicken parmesan but with a slice of eggplant onto of the chicken before it was breaded.
It was fabulous.
The veal was fork tender and very flavorful.
The chicken marsala was not over-cooked like some tend to be and each of us had an accompanying side of vegetables and our choice of penne or spaghetti.
We all chose penne and it was perfectly cooked.
The vegetables were al-dente and had been tossed in a buttery sauce.
They weren't dripping in the sauce, but rather, the sauce was just kissing the veggies.
It was quite heavenly.
For dessert we shared a tiramisu and cheesecake.
I am usually not a fan of tiramisu because the ones I've experienced had such a strong coffee flavor that it was off-putting.
Not so at Giordano's.
This was tiramisu with a background flavor of coffee like it's supposed to be.
The cheesecake was rich, creamy, and probably the very best i've ever had, and I've had NY cheesecake in some of the finest NY restaurants.
Our server was friendly and non-intrusive.
The busboys were equally non-intrusive and kept to themselves.
It was a bustling place and while these servers and bus people were busy, they never made you feel like you were bothering them.
I highly recommend Girodano Trattoria Romana in Carefree.
It is pricy, but you have to expect that given the location and the local clientle.
I am trying to figure out a way to make an excuse to drive up there REAL SOON!

Upon arriving for our 7 PM reservation we were escorted to a table in the back of the restaurant where there was a party of 16 already seated and it was loud.
There were only a couple of tables occupied in the front room.
We asked for another table and were told they were all reserved - why couldn't one of them be ours?
We had a reservation.
Finally we were given a table by the door.
We were given water and served a bread basket of dry white bread.
We ordered house salads which were very small and very boring.
We all ordered chicken dishes which were OK - nothing special.
Nothing impressed us - food or service.

after reading the menu i thought the place had potential.
They have all the, cough, "traditional" Italian food one growing up in New York and New Jersey is used to eating and can find at any neighborhood pizzeria, albeit pricier in Carefree, AZ.
Unfortunately it was not executed very well, food was bland, sauce tasted burnt like it sat in a steam table too long.
Front of house staff was very friendly but I'm guessing their B team was working in the kitchen that night....

Food selection was good and very tasty.
I took some out of town friends there Friday night.
We did get seated right on time even though they were busy.
I was disappointed in the peppers and sausage appetizer.. Too little amount of sausage.
Service was not as friendly as I normally expect.
Maranera sauce was great and the food came out hot.
I will go back in hopes of getting better service.

We love this place.
It is run by a wonderfully nice family and the food is great standard Italian fare - like eating special dinner at Grandma's house if Grandma had been born in Southern Italy.
There are any number of good places like this in Brooklyn but only Giordano's in Carefree.
And speaking of family, if you become at all a regular you will soon be treated like family there - there wil always be a table for you even if you don't have a reservation (and it attracts a strong crowd during the high season in Arizona).

I had no expectations for Giordano's .
none at all.
That's good thing because I hate being disappointed.
I should try that approach with all restaurants.
This lovely Italian Trattoria in a strip mall in Carefree is terrific.
It is so totally unpretentious - a welcome break from so many of today's Italian restaurants - especially those that have displaced the little Mom and Pop shops.
The service was not over the top either.
Our waitress gave us plenty of time to chat with our friends without rushing us to order and just asked us to flag her down when we were ready.
I was a little overwhelmed by the menu which had so many traditional Italian items.
My eyes lit up when I saw two of my favorites - eggplant parmigiana and eggplant rollatini.
I chose the rollatini and it was so delicious.
The eggplant was perfectly cooked and the filling was so rich and creamy.
The marinara was so tasty, I almost could have eaten it in a bowl by itself.
All the main entrees come with a side of spaghetti or penne.
My husband had the special of the day, veal rollatini.
It was the best Italian dish he has had in ages.
Our friends had the chicken Marsala and the veal parmigiana, both which they proclaimed were excellent.
Hubby and I split a yummy chocolate dessert laced with a hint of orange which looked like it was bought at a bakery, not made in house.
Nevertheless, it was divine.
We would have been satisfied with our meal without it, but just had a hankering for something sweet.
If the decision was up to me solely, I would have had the cannoli -- do you sense a them here -- that I like thinks that are rolled up and stuffed with cheese?
I do.
Next time, I'll have the cannoli, but it probably won't live up to my friend Jan's homemade.
Since it is so close to home, we will be putting Giordano's on our "regular" list.
Buon appetito!

Tonight we had a memorable evening at Giordano's , sharing a glass of wine first and then dinner afterwards.
My old vine Zinfindel from Lodi was a winner, My husband's Italian chardonnay was just okay, but he expected more especially seeing it was their house white.
I would have loved to have crusty bread and olive oil/ balsamic vinegar to dip, but alas that was not to be.
Instead we got cold bread and garlic herb butter.
Our appetizer, Straciatella soup was remarkably delicious and one to remember.
I would definitely order this again.
However, for me, the proof of the pudding in an Italian restaurant is their tomato sauce.
Though the Chicken Parmesiana and pasta were well cooked, the tomato sauce was too sour/acidic, and I had to sprinkle a little sugar on top to balance it out.
The Chicken Picatta was enjoyed by my husband, though a touch salty.
The ambiance, candle light  and good service were redeeming factors, therefore i rated them a 4.

I tried this one a few times because it is close to home.
It has been very inconsistent, but no better than ordinary.
Last time the meal was very poorly prepared.
This is  the worst Italian I can remember.
I think it survives only because there are few easy places to get to this far north.

With so many choices for Italian around town it's very hard to find anything good north of the 101 freeway.
Hands down worth the drive and effort to find the place.
This is my parents favorite place to eat and I agree 100%.
The staff is very friendly and the service is top notch!
Alot of choices on the menu to sample but I'd suggest any of the veal selections, they are all teriffic!
Try it out and then tell your friends.

Food was very good.
Fagiole had nice hint of thyme, and cannelloni was quite hearty.
Decor only so-so.
Staff friendly and helpful.

This place relies upon pretense to attract those who spend money on such things.
The menu is not close to inspired.
The ingredients are run-of-the mill at best.
I am embarrassed to have been lured in by the promise of good Italian food, to find a kitchen that is woefully inept and a staff that is even worse.
Not only will we never return, the couple we brought with us will not return and I trust they do not harbor this against us the next time we want Italian.
Geesh!
Bad food, worse service and high prices.
Just how can they stay open?
Dupe the tourists!

Actually, I would give this a 3+.
Like another viewer, I had zero expectation.
The restaurant sits in a cute-as-a-bug's-ear corner of Carefree.
The interior is pretty bordering on elegant.
The wait staff is good but there is something stand offish about them like that weird cousin in the family who says all the right things but you can't quite figure him out.
The food is more NY style Italian than Italian-Italian.
Here is the reason for the 3 versus 4 stars.
Its NY style is not as good as a NY-NJ Italian restaurant.
Yes they have a good marinara sauce and they do a good job of Veal or chicken parmigian but it isn't something to rave about.
Still, there is virtually no Italian choice this far north in Scottsdale so we find ourselves coming here 3-4 times a year and we never leave with complaints.

Great place with good Italian food !
Food, servers and owners are the best!
Nice atmosphere and they make you feel like you are in their home.
Have tried many things on the menu from clam sauce to veal dishes, all are wonderful.
The caesar and caprese salads are great.
This is the best kept secret in Carefree, but my car has auto-pilot to this place.

Upon arrival we were seated quickly but that was the last positive about the experience.
The bread was stale and dry, the food was bland and over cooked by a long shot.
The Espresso and chocolate martini were prepared nicely.
But service was lacking, our waitress was snappy and sarcastic and often forgetful although she sent three or four other employees to the table to help though only 3 tables in the restaurant were occupied.
I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
You may have better at the gas station but they close at 8 so get there early.

