Ah, a slice of Americana dining.
Sometimes we all have a hankering for some grease-soaked fires ( or onion rings, as the case may be ) and want to slosh it down with some frothy root beer.
I had one of those moments this weekend while crossing back into Vegas from Arizona.
And, lo, and behold, there, looming on the edge of town, A & freakin' W!
We were jonesing for the tangy taste of an A & W float since we first passed it going OUT of town.
Now was our chance to relive the childhood memories of hopping into the Vista Cruiser Station Wagon and heading out for some grease and sugary drinks.
The person who designed the parking lot should be flogged.
If they are still alive.
It looks like a model T chugging along at 20 mph would navigate the maze well, but not so for any modern conveyance.
The cute and homely front counter gal was all bubbles and smiles.
Hell, ALL the employees were downright cheerful.
But I was feeling vertigo as the ordering counter was at a bizarre angle to the seating, so I ordered my Float ( of course ) and an order of fries and rings and staggered out into the dining area.
Seating was a definite problem.
Actually the lack of seating more the problem.
The place was chock full of families with their kids in various levels of sports uniform disarray.
It almost looked like a munchkin football convention.
This wasn't bad.
What was bad was the table of people who could have been transported back to 1977 and would have been sporting sideburns, Village people porno mustaches, feathered hair, Angel Flights, and have come in from their black and gold Trans Ams.
Transport them to now: wearing Juicy Couture purses, stone washed jeans, Ed Hardy shirts, and House of Pain Fighting Irish gear with the brim sideways.
You get the picture.
More than once, I wanted to lean over and ask, "hey, what are you in for?".
They were loud, obnoxious, and they fit in perfectly with the artery-hardening fast food.
And what was really crazy was the single restroom that caused a major backup at the rear of the establishment.
It was utter chaos there.
And wouldn't you know it, that was exactly the only area to grab a table.
And it was also right next to the po boy trailer park crowd.
No freaking wonder the drive-thru was so damned busy.
Take a clue, drive-thru.
only.
I'll do this again in five years after my memories has dimmed somewhat.
Colorful, boisterous, quaint, but not quiet.
If only the A & W root beer wasn't so danged good.

The Good:  Who doesn't like A&W root beer.
Hey if you are anywhere near this joint there are not many food options so this might be a good choice.
Basic fast food, blah blah blah.
I went with a crispy chicken sandwich, okay, nothing fancy.
They do have a root beer tap and serve you your root beer in a frosted mug, this alone is worth going here.
Oh yeah, grab a root beer float too, you'll take me later :D  The Bad:  Slim pickings here.
If you don't go to a mom and pop place around here then I would say go here.
The Ben:  Sure the refills are free, just make sure you are close to a restroom.
Same rules apply here as to real beer, once you break the seal it's game over.

This place is like a step back ino the 80s.
It is how I remembered A&W when I was a little guy.
This place has the best root beer floats and freezes, but the food is like your average bowling alley...
Always greesy but  has that familiar delicious taste.
Overall a classy establishment, but old school (which gives it it's charm).

What can I say, I love root beer floats!
There are no A&Ws near where I live, so I always jump at the opportunity to get a float when I come across one.
We saw this A&W as we were headed back from visiting the Hoover Dam.
It was hot as heck outside, and a float from here was a perfect way to cool down.
I also ordered a hamburger and some fries.
The hamburger was good, and I have always thought A&W has had decent burgers.
The fries, on the other hand, were not so good.
They lacked flavor, and were dry and way too hard.
I was still hungry after eating, mainly because I couldn't eat one more nasty fry, so I decided I wanted to get something else.
I saw the 'Freeze' on the menu, and wanted to give it a shot because it looked like a perfect treat for a hot day.
It was fantastic!!!!!
It is a blended root beer float consisting of ice cream and soda, and the texture and taste of it was amazing.
Although it has the same ingredients as a root beer float, I liked it even more.
I am always down to go to A&W to get a float.
I have a new found love of their Freezes as well.
If I ever find myself going to the Hoover Damn again, I will be sure to stop by on a hot day.

Run- Run for the hills or the mountains in this case!
I was headed to Laughlin and needed to eat something before the road trip so I thought hmm, A&W- different from my normal food routine, lets ch-ch-check it out!
Well I wish i would ra-ra-ran the other way!!
I can honestly say that I have never felt like I was not wanted in a fast food restaurant before, but alas, I finally found one!
I went to order my food and the guy literally acted like someone ran over his dog and I was the cause of it all!
I understand people have bad days, and I understand that serving food may just not be the most fun thing in the whole wide world, HOWEVER--- Do not take that out on your customers, I mean get a clue duuuuuude!
So, I ordered something, then said wait no just kidding, my mistake, make that chicken instead of a burger.
"Sir, are you going to make a final decision"  EXCUSE ME?!
Oh lawd child I know he did just not!
Eeeek!
I said no I'm done, check please.....
I ate the food, which was decent and did my hail marys for all the bad things I was thinking about that middle aged fella behind the cash register.
Tip: Avoid if you're feeling slightly groggy, irritated, or possibly like you're in THAT mood- because you might just act on what I was thinking of saying to that guy!

Don't come here for the savory food.. cuz there isn't any.
But if you like rootbeer floats I think this is the best place to come to, especially after a long day on the lake.
They come in two sizes and they will refill your mugs with rootbeer for free.
So when you get yours.. don't eat the ice cream first.. drink the root beer cream.. then get your refill.. yum

This little place is wonderful!
The food is great and the workers are nice.
Every time I go in, I get a #5- a bacon cheeseburger meal and it's delicious with piles of bacon on it.
I've been to other A&W's and this one is the best by far.
It's the best fast-food place in the valley.
It's way cheap- 2 meals for $12.

I paid for a double burger and got a single patty.
The thing was gross anyway so I am glad I didn't complain and ask for another patty of gray meat.
But yay for the fried cheese curds.
Good luck finding that item on most menus no matter where you are.
They were like hot little mozzarella bites.
Good fries, too.
But if you want a double burger, better order three patties just in case they forget one.

Stopped at this vintage A&W restaurant on the way back from Las Vegas last weekend for a nice cool refreshing treat.
We both had the classic rootbeer float.
It was delicious and brough back such great memories as a child.
Only used the drive-through so cannot comment on anything else.

We stopped here before heading out to Phoenix, Arizona on a Wednesday afternoon.
When paying the cashier was having a problem using my debit card, how much trouble I found out the next day.
The food was good, but they charged my card twice to the tune of $30.31.
Not that its a tremendous amount of money but it has now been 6 weeks and they have yet to credit me back.
I merely warn people to pay cash or have your money held hostage.

Now it has been just about 60 days, I called again with the manager promising to get back to me within 48 hours and guess what????
No call.
I am thoroughly disgusted with their attitude towards customers.
The sad part is their food is pretty decent.
I however am done with this establishment, hopefully I get my money back before Christmas.
That would be a true miracle!!

Stopped here for lunch on our way back to Vegas, and the food was great.
We both had a bacon cheeseburger.
The food was hot and tasted really good.
The service was great.
The woman at the drive thru was really nice and friendly, and made sure she had gotten our order right.
Nice little restaurant in Boulder City!

I would LOVE to buy this place.
I've been here 4 times and if the burgers and root beer weren't here, neither would I be!
Our food was great!
Staff speaks Spanish to each other.
Disgusting ceiling fans!!!!
Restrooms needed attention.
And NO air condition.
Today was 80 degrees.
It has such potential.
So sad  great location large place, good parking, but apparently a owner/management problem.

I got a hot dog with the works and a root beer.
I have to say, the nostalgic feeling is set by Boulder City and the fact that this A&W has been around forever; not so much so by the taste of the food.
My dog was good, my wife's fingers were good but she didn't care very much for them and the fries were not the best.
Overall, the city location of the restaurant, and the chilled mugs filled with root bear can't be beat; especially on a hot summer day.

A&W Rootbeer is amazing in a frosted mug!
'Nuff said.
I didn't try the food.

Err....
I wouldn't stop here again.
It's a classic joint but this location was not the best of A & W's.
At least it's on Route 66

