So this place isn't spectacular, but it is definitely good.
And good enough to keep my family and I coming back.
I wish they'd throw a bit of money into the decor though.
Nothing fancy just get rid of the rows and rows of booths and throw in a few tables and chairs.
Anyway, the pizza is big and thin just the way I like it and the wings are flavorful and crispy.
Everything I have tried here is good and I definitely recommend giving this place a try.
I gave it three stars as though everything is really good, nothing is really great.
I will be back of course.
Especially since I live only a few blocks away.

Thin, greasy NY style pizza.
Just the way I like it!
Great wings too.
The prices are unbeatable.
Lunch special, $3.75 for two slices and a drink.
My favorite pizza in town!

Great place!
The decor is a little tacky, but the good food, pitchers of beer, and super staff make up for it.
They serve beer in the coldest mugs ever!
The beer literally had little ice particles in it and it was only $8 for a large pitcher.
Also, they have great lunch specials and the regular prices are decent too.
Lots of items to pick from from pizza (of course) to wings to like 10 different types of pasta.
Good, laid back place for kids or large groups too.

Horrible customer service!
The younger guys have some major attitude - like they are doing you a favor.
Doesn't make sense when there is Papa Murphy's south across the street and Nick's Deli & Pizza west across the street.
I spent my $40 at Nick's and they were nice to me!
Learn some manners!!!

Great place, great service, great food!!

My Hubby has been coming here since he was in High School.
We have been coming here when we are in the area since he introduced me to it.
I love this place.
It has a comfortable, welcome kind of feel.
It is clean.
We have nice service, especially this last time...
The pizza I was handing to my ten year old jumped off the plate into his lap, right on his new cool shorts...
They made him a new plate of the lunch special :) I ordered a special, it was SOOOOOO good, but this is the only complaint I have...
They charge a dollar for each extra topping on only two slices of pizza, a buck each is too much.
I ended up eating a ten dollar slice of pizza... but it was good!!
The wings are the bomb diggity for real, they are fried right and tossed in the sauce and come out cooked perfect, juicy plump chicken with crispy skin...
MMMM!

I love pizza and this place is one of the best!
They have big thin Brooklyn-style pizza.
Order a meatball and you have giant slices of meatballs on the pizza, same with the sausage.
Great crust that is crispy on the outside and soft in the middle.
They also have fantastic wings!
The staff is super friendly and always upbeat.
I just wish I were in the area at lunchtime - they have the best lunch specials with unbeatable prices!

Pizza here is bomb!
The wings are good too.
I'm gonna order some right now.
Edited 01/08/12 - Had the sicilian style pizza the other night.
It was terrific!
I am big a fan of both crust styles.

This is the best NY pizza.
Family owned and operated and yummy crispy pizza.
The specials they have for lunch are fantastic!
On top of that, their wings and zucchinis are delish.
We bring all of our friends and family here to enjoy the pizza yumminess!

I've been going here for 8 years!
The pizza is the best slice on this side of town.
And the wings are actually spicy, not like the god awful wings you get at a Pizza Hut or Barros.
Ballpark pizza is very similar but doesn't offer the same quality service.
The family that owns it has generations after generations running the place.
It's a great place if you support small owned businesses and want a big slice of pizza!

The food is awesome.
You can do takeout or eat in the restaurant.
Need to update there decor badly.
The employees arw always friendly.
Eat pizza and be happy

I've even coming here since 2006...
Always Great food, excellent service, nice time.
Thank you!!
I enjoy the ease of the lunch special when I'm showing homes in the neighborhood.
A whole pizza is too much for just me!
I would highly recommend giving this place a try if you haven't already.

#1 Brothers Pizza is pretty awesome.
Although the decor could be updated, their food is great.
My favorite is their fried zucchini.
It's amazing!!!
It didn't take long at all for us to receive our food and they were very courteous.
I will definitely go again.

Best pizza in the valley hands down, real east coast style.
The wings are very good too, big and crispy and so is the ranch!
awesome friendly staff.

This place was alright, my nephew wasn't too fond of of him barbecue chicken wings.
I asked the owner for something different, he made a big deal about it.
so we got stuck with unwanted bbq wings.

The place was good... Not better than Borrows down the street.
Lol but good.
And I really liked the fact that they had my Michelob Ultra on tap for a great price with FROSTY GLASS PITCHERS AND MUGS!
Although there was a mistake with my order placed for To-Go and was sitting there for quit a bit, it was good.
I suppose I would come back for some wings and beer in the near future :)

