How is it that there were no other reviews for this Lowes?
It has been here forever.
Anyways, I always enjoy coming to this location much more than the one closer to my house.
The selection and availability just seems to be better than the Lowes in Surprise.
I continually find the service help at Lowes to be rather gruff compared to Home Depot, but I will take the prices and selection of Lowes over Home Depot any day.

I recently purchased several bags of mulch and on that particular day the  registers weren't working correctly.
They called for assistance to correct the problem,  Rather than guiding me to another register they made me wait at least 15-20 minutes, while they tired to figure things out.
Not once did the lady offer an apologize or recognize that I even existed.
Her back was to me the entire time.
Finally, the registers came alive, after I made the remark,  that they didn't get my high review did she make any comment, and then it was contrite and down right bitchy.
I was furious.
This is no way to be treated especially when I spent nearly $200.00.
I did call the store manager on The way home because I was so angry, although I feel nothing became of this.
Customer Service has gone to the dogs and perhaps if people were more considerate of others, maybe there would be less anger and more compassion.

I'm usually a Home Depot customer but this Lowe's was convenient so I thought I'd check them out.
I'm glad I did.
They had a much better selection of quality choices than what I'm used to at Home Depot.
It wasn't crowded and just felt nicer.
I had a few questions and the staff were great helping me out.
I'm starting a remodeling project and will definitely be back.

Not much for Thanksgiving stuff.
Lots of Christmas stuff coming in pretty busy very helpfulpretty busy I pop in now and then just see what that's a really helpful to help you whatever you need so you can take stuff out of the box for you help packing the car looks great service thanks a lot guys.

If I could give ZERO stars, I would.
I spent 2 grand on appliances that were supposed to be delivered 5 days ago (Tuesday).
After calling EVERY day this week, they were finally delivered last night (Saturday).
They were supposed to be delivered first thing in the morning & they didn't show up until after 5pm.
I bought a full kitchen appliance package.
When they finally delivered them, the oven was broke.
I called & spoke to 2 assistant managers who just wanted to argue w me & make me REGRET spending that kind of money there.
I will NEVER spend another CENT in any of their stores.

We had our new Stainmaster carpet ordered and installed from this Lowes since it is right next to our new (and first) house.
The whole process was simple and relatively quick!
They had a free installation deal going on at the time which sold us on purchasing the carpet.
We removed the old carpet that had smoke smell and burn holes embedded in it ourselves and had someone from Lowes to come and measure.
It was quick and he explained how they'd do the install; and also answered some other questions we had about removing the smoke smell from the old home-owners.
Installation was pretty fast, the installers were polite, and our carpet looks amazing in our two bedrooms!
We are going to do laminate or wood flooring in the rest of our home and plan to use this Lowes again.

