If there's one thing I know after spending the first 27 years of my life firmly ensconced in the 89015 zip code, it's Henderson's little secrets.
Of them all, Fuego is probably my favorite.
Nestled in a dark corner in the Fiesta Henderson (yeah, I know...), Fuego offers some downright delectable meals for people who like their meat.
Their weekday prime rib special (a 12 oz cut with soup or salad, bread, potato, and veggies) for $10 is an absolute winner.
It's an actual steakhouse, not a coffee shop, and the interior reflects it.
It's awfully nice to have some prime rib in a casino without fluorescent lights overhead or keno runners coming by.
The bread they offer up before the meal will change your life or at least expand your waistline.
I don't know how many sticks of butter go into each one of their flaky, melty rolls and I really don't care, and if you look away for a second I'll probably eat yours too.
(No worries, you can get more.
)  If you find yourself in Hendertucky and you can brave your way through the Fiesta, please do.
This place really is a delightful little secret.
Oh, and get the house vinaigrette.
Thank me later.

Fuego is inside the Fiesta Henderson Casino.
The servers and hostesses are alway nice and accommodating.
The best attribute about Fuego is the price for a good quality steak.
The wine selection is very limited.
Most of the time you don't need reservations unless you are dining on a holiday.
The restaurant is a nice little treasure in the City of Henderson.

Over the years we have enjoyed many meals here, but for whatever reason we haven't returned in well over 5 years.
Our waiter served us warm Parker House rolls, very different from those served in Boston, but excellent nonetheless.
Entrees include a choice of either soup or salad, a starch and a sautéed vegetable of the day.
We each chose the 12 ounce prime rib which was supersized, tender and delicious.
We finished off this feast with a shared crème brulee.
I used a $50 off coupon purchased from a local radio station.

My wife and I had a $25 of coupon to this place and we thought it was pretty good.
The bread basket they bring was very delicious as was the salad.
We both had the filet and it was cooked perfectly.
Rice pilaf is something I never get and won't again.
The service was nice but they didn't tell us about the specials and we overheard them tell the other table.
Also the decor is just like the casino so it was so much of a steak house experience.
A little over-priced for the atmosphere.

My sister and I came here for their prime rib special and ended up getting the wine, lyonnaise potatoes, and lava cake with ice cream as well.
Typical.
Ha!
Anyways, the food was great and the service was wonderful.
Definitely coming back here again the next time that I visit my sister.

Fuego closes at 10 pm.
I was a little worried when my party of 4 rolled up at 9:55 to an almost empty restaurant, surely we were going to be turned away and get stuck having Denny's for dinner.
Thankfully that was not the case, we were seated in a plush booth and were never rushed one bit throughout our meal.
The main reason we decided to dine at Fuego was  because my mother was in town to visit and she loves prime rib.
Fuego had a special going on at the time for a $14.99 prime rib dinner that came complete with either soup or salad, a potato and another veggie.
My mom also happened to be staying at Fiesta, and when she checked in she received a coupon for a complimentary appetizer at Fuego.
My mom decided on the shrimp cocktail for our appetizer, and while we waited for that the complimentary bread basket was brought out.
WOW.
The pretzel bread was to die for.
The other breads looked great, not your typical dinner rolls but flaky looking muffins.
I didn't sample these though, had to save room for the rest of the food!
The shrimp cocktail was only 4 shrimp but they were very large.
Not sure I'd order this if I was paying for it but for a free appetizer it was just fine.
After that, I had a bowl of the clam chowder while the other 3 members of my group had salads.
I have had better chowder, then again I have had far worse as well.
Then it was on to the main course.
My husband had the brick house chicken while the rest of us had the prime rib special.
My husband's dish didn't look the most appealing, but it was cooked well without being overdone and dry.
The prime rib was excellent for the price, a nice sized cut that was super tender and delicious.
Sadly none of us saved room for dessert, everything else was just too tasty!
Service was top notch as well.
Considering how worried I was we weren't even going to get seated, Fuego ended up being a much nicer dining experience then I had expected.

I was a little skeptical to go to Fuego at the Fiesta, but my grandparents swore up and down that it was amazing.
So they took my family and I there for a family steak dinner.
It was actually really nice to my suprise.
I order the filet mignon of course- and I was not dissapointed at all.
It was so tender and juicy, the flavor was amazing- and it melted in my mouth (like any properly cooked filet should)  Thank god I didn't have the foot the bill at the end of the night :)

We had our anniversary dinner @ Fuego's Steakhouse on Saturday.
We actually had our wedding and reception @ Fiesta seven years ago.
So every year we try to have dinner and or stay at the Fiesta.
Doors opened at 5PM to the restaurant which we waited in a short line with 5 other couples.
We were seated right away in a nice booth.
There was a special steak and lobster tail $19.99 so we got that and it was really good.
The steak was thin but had a good flavor and the lobster was to die for.
We did start out with calamari which is our favorite and it was delicious.
We love their bread basket but disapointed that they did not have the pretzil style bread - bummer!
We had a $25.00 off from Restaurant.com.
We got such a good deal PLUS the atmosphere was nice and the service was great.
I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 since they were out of the pretzil bread and that the waiter forgot about my Arnold Palmer drink and had to be reminded.
Other than that very pleased.

Two weeks ago they changed the menu and this was our first visit.
iv been coming here one or two times a month on Wednesday with my aunt and grandmother who have been coming for years.
Mostly because they love our server Mark (who is really wonderful).
The food was pretty good too but not anymore.
The only thing still consistent is the bread they serve when we sit down and the house salad, everything else seems to have changed.
The menu is now ala carte, unless you go with the special they have at the bottom- soup or salad, a choice between the steak, chicken, pork chop and orange roughy and a choice between creme brulee and bread pudding.
Right off the bat we where told to stay away from any of the steak-  so we did.
My aunt went ala carte with soup of the day (tomato basil) the king crab legs with a side of broccoli with hollandaise.
Grandmother went with the special with the house salad, chicken that she had saute with creme brulee.
I went with the the house salad, pork chop and creme brulee.
Our salad and my aunts soup came and all was well.
We enjoyed it thinking that perhaps the new menu would not be so bad.
Then our meal came.
My aunts crab legs where a mix between warm and cold/frozen but her broccoli she said tasted great.
My pork chop was tiny with a bone, but it didn't matter because it was dried out with no seasoning or flavoring what so ever and hard a hard time finishing the first bite.
Grandmas chicken- great!
Hot, moist and full of flavor, i got to taste.
Wish i ordered it.
The side that came for both our plates for the spacial was a mix of  yellow squash, carrot and something else.
I didn't try them but my grandmother seemed to like them.
I was just upset with my pork chop.
Part way through trying to cut my pork chop the manager came by asking if i needed another drink in which i declined but when i brought up my aunts cold crab legs and before i got to my pork chop, he walked away and was to never been seen again for the rest of the night.
How very nice.
Then dessert.
Both my grandmother and I asked for the creme brulee- then it came it was cold.
Pulled right from the fridge, blasted with a torch and sent to us.
Neither of us where happy.
We asked for it warmed, they brought us another one that was even more chilled than the first one.
We where completely fed up.
I feel so bad for Mark and the other servers.
They where great but something is very, very wrong in the kitchen and management.
We paid our bill but i doubt we will come back any time soon, only thing worth our money were the cocktails.

The portions were adequate.
I ordered the prix fix menu of $28.
This included a starter of soup or salad, an entree (I ordered a 10 ounce sirloin steak, there were three other options that all looked promising) and a dessert bread pudding or creme brulee (I tried both desserts, I would recommend the creme.
) I also ordered a sweet potato for $4 more.
The food was good, but service was relatively slow.
We agreed to a table and couldn't hear each other while dining.
I would recommend a booth for your dining experience.
Overall, I can't say that I will be back any time soon.
There are too many other steakhouses in the LV area to try, but I would not be against eating here again.

Dressed up in Easter dresses my husband decided on the spur of the moment to take his two girls to a nice dinner and where do we love to come - Fuego's Steakhouse.
We were able to get a booth and they had a couple of specials.
We are used to taking our daughter since she was little to restaurants so she is very good at her age, but  i understand that not all kids are like this at her age.
No kid's menu.
Since this is an ala Carte restaurant I ordered her the mac-n-cheese and a side of brocalli.
We had so many plates on the table and I am fixing her a plate for her from the all the sides.
No biggie.
Our waiter was very friendly and knew from the moment I sat down since it must have come out of my mouth five times how much I love the pretzil bread - so he took care of me!
I have never been disapointed with the food or service here.

Very, very unhappy with everything with this visit expect the people I was with.
We had reservations for a booth and they didn't have one available we waited which I didn't mind.
They had three people who helped you.
The first was responsible for the bread and the drinks.
He was very slow in getting us our drinks.
Also, we asked for two bread baskets since we had a big party and he brought only one.
Then our waiter shows up and asks what we wanted to drink - dahhhhhhhhh- your other guy just asked us and we still don't have them.
We ordered from the menu and it took forever to get our order  I ordered the salmon and I took one bite into it and it was a bit raw inside.
I did not order Sushi.
I hate returning things back to the kitchen fear of my food being spit on so I confirmed with everyone at my table including the water and all agreed.
But, now the table was finished eating by the time I got my salmon.
Very bummed.
Also, they didn't have good specials and everything was ala carte.
I may need to find another place which makes me sad.
I am creature of habit and now that is just going to mess things up for me.

I had never been to the Fiesta except for the movie theater when my family wanted to meet at Fuego.
There were five in our party altogether, and each of us ordered something different.
I ordered the Prix Fix menu for $28: Caesar salad, top sirloin with a vegetable, and creme brulee.
The Caesar salad was somewhat wilted but had a good dressing.
The steak was deliciously charred and it came with French beans, where the other menu items did not come with sides and had to be ordered separately.
The creme brulee was a very good one, freshly torched and deliciously candied.
The rest of the table all ordered steaks as well and added sides.
They also ordered bacon-wrapped shrimp that they all enjoyed, but I'm neither a shrimp nor a bacon eater, so I abstained.
I snuck a bite of the sweet potato, creamed spinach, and twice-baked potato, and all were delicious.
The service was great as well.
My one complaint is the place settings and how they seated us...we were in a circular booth with two other tables in the restaurant and we felt pretty awkward sitting at this particular table.
The place settings aren't really conducive to balancing cutlery on the on the plates.
A strange critique, I know, but my knife kept falling off my plate!
This is a nice spot on this side of Henderson, but I don't know if I will be back because there are other places to try in town.

I was not going to let one time with bad service make me not go back.
We celebrated our 8th anniversary here a few weeks ago and were very pleased with everything.
We ordered shrimp for an appetizer and it was delicious.
I have been dieting and saving up for this meal and what always kills me (in a good way) is the bread basket.
I LOVE the pretzil bread - I did have this but wanted to save up for my dinner.
I ordered the salmon which I had grilled with grilled asparagus with a sweet potatoe.
My husband ordered steak and lobster with a baked potato with the works.
Everything was perfect.
The waiter and staff was very attentive to us during the meal.
We never once had to chase someone down to fill up our drinks.
The waiter gave me some pretzils to go.
I will probably request to sit in his area if he is working when we go next time.

We ate at Fuego years ago and weren't super impressed.
So, when we read on Las Vegas Weekly's site about the revamped menu, we decided to try it for Valentine's Day.
We were not disappointed.
Prior to going, I confirmed they were not having a special V Day menu that you HAD to order off of.
We've not had good experiences with that in the past.
So, although they had a special, you also had run of the whole menu.
I'm glad we did.
To start, I had crabcakes and the wife had shrimp cocktail.
Hers was a solid version of this classic dish.
Great horseradish flavor on the sauce, and the large shrimp were not overcooked.
My cakes were very good, 2 for $9.
Not as large as others, but a very good value.
The sauce was a little too citrusy for me, so I didn't have a lot of it.
They are served with shoestring potatoes on top, which was a nice touch I hadn't seen before.
With your entree, you get a soup or salad.
Crazy in this day where everyone is a la carte all the time.
I had the caesar, which was fine.
The wife had the dinner salad, with a good blue cheese dressing.
For our meals, I had the garlic and cilantro marinated ribeye.
For $30, I don't know that you can find a better steak in town.
It was fantastic.
Better than some ribeyes I've paid twice  as much for at big time places on the strip.
Perfectly cooked, good char, and the flavors were fantastic.
I'm not a huge fan of cilantro, so I was skeptical, but it worked perfectly and didn't overpower the dish.
The wife had filet and lobster.
Good size lobster tail, moist and not dry (which can occur with overgrilling).
The filet was cooked to a textbook rare.
For sides, we had mac n cheese and creamed corn.
These are steals for only $3 each.
Both could have used more crisping time under the broiler.
The corn had peppers in it that enchanced the flavor.
Both were repeats.
The worst part of the meal was the bread pudding.
It was a miss for us, not hot enough and it felt like it wasn't heated all the way through.
The sauce was bland as well, the dish lacked a lot.
But, everything else was fantastic.
It's a definite repeat, and a great way to have a great steakhouse experience without the price tag you'll pay on the strip.
Service was excellent.
She was there exactly when we needed her, and did not bother us or try to upsell.
Corkage fee only $15, a very good price.

Several of the Station Casino steakhouses are currently offering a 3-course meal for $24 with several entrees available though there is an asterisk next to the prime rib indicating "when available'.
We happened to be in the Fiesta on Saturday night and inquired whether the prime rib would be offered on Easter Sunday - we were assured yes.
The next evening I ordered the prime rib only to be told the kitchen was temporarily out of it.
My educated guess is because there were only no other reservations and only 2 tables occupied this evening, the chef made a decision not to roast a prime rib.
My wife ordered the prime, filet style, sirloin accompanied by a humongous sweet potato and baby carrots.
I went with the evening's special, a braised lamb shank with roasted potatoes and baby carrots.
Each of our entrees turned out to be pretty good though I was a bit surprised the lamb shank was served plain rather than in its braising liquid.
We concluded the meal with a pair of excellent desserts, crème brulee for the lady and fresh berries in Grand Marnier sauce for your humble reporter.
A 2.5 rating would be most appropriate.

Actually, this is one of the better steak places in town.
Took the wife there this evening, and it was nothing short of awesome!
As soon as we walked in we were greeted with a smile and a warm greeting by the hostess.
We were immediately seated, and given water and bread.
Not many restaurants still do water.
We each ordered the $24 three course meal.
I got the sirloin, and my wife got the prime rib.
Cooked to perfection!
The clam chowder was absolutely full of clams.
I only wish the bowl was bigger!
The entire wait staff did an outstanding job from start to finish.
Awesome food with awesome service.
I'll definitely be back again!

Food and service were both excellent and the price was beyond reasonable.
Started off with scallops, enjoyed a filet with sides, and ended with the bread pudding.
Each and every bite was excellent.
I will definitely return.

Dinner house in the Fiesta Henderson hotel.
Good food and service.
They have a chicken Rotisserie and the half chicken dinners R good.
Crab cakes R excellent.
Salads and fresh veggies are also A-1.
The Seafood combination platter was outstanding.
No one got a steak 2nite, but we have eaten here on prior road trips and the steaks were really good.

It was a hot one today!
I parked relatively close by the front casino entrance where I followed a couple through the automatic handicapable doors.
About 10 feet outside from the door, I was met with a cool breeze of A/C combined with cigarette smoke.
This old bird needs some new air filters & a Febreeze/Lysol cleanse.
The restaurant is located in a private, dimly lit cave which I didn't mind, however cell phone reception isn't the best in there (AT&T).
The menu selection is limited.
Especially if you go for the 3 item deal...which I did not.
Dinner started with a vegetable "beef " soup.
There was no beef & hardly any vegetables.
It was more like beef broth that a few carrots & peas fell into by accident.
My scallops needed to be cooked a little more & lacked any char/crust which I like.
I didn't send them back because I didn't want them returning rubbery.
The steak was cooked well but had a ton of fat & gristle.
It also wasn't seasoned very nice, but it was edible.
Since there wasn't any garlic on it, I brought 1/3 of it (not the fat & gristle) home to my dog.
She enjoyed it without complaining.
Service was prompt & friendly as to be expected in a joint that had less than 10 tables occupied.
I'd give them 2 stars if it weren't for the hostess & waitstaff.
They bumped this place up a star.
I don't anticipate another trip back any time soon.

This place is tucked away at the Fiesta station casino in Henderson and is not bad at all.
Great combo meals, amazing bread basket, and great service.
Sometimes I feel these smaller station casino restaurants have better attention to detail than the fancy strip places simply because they know if they can get a good impression going....
They come back!
More strip places need to take a lead from them.
My salad was dressed perfectly, my steak was cooked right the first time, my dessert was decadent, and my service was not overbearing but courteous and knowledgable.

My mother-in-law had a dining certificate here so we tried it last night.
Fuego's is not what you'd expect walking through the Fiesta.
The setting is very nice and laid back.
We were seated at a comfy booth.
It's nice to enjoy a low key steakhouse once in a while.
Service was good and attentive.
The bread basket was awesome (Diet?
What diet?
Lol) Our favorite was the croissant-like muffin that is the best bread I've had in a long time.
Light flakey layers that are buttery good.
There was also a pretzel bread that was fun to eat.
Fuego's being a steakhouse, we ordered our favorite cut...filet mignon.
First came the caesar salad which was ok and came on chilled plates but salad was a bit wilted.
Our filets were tender but had temperature issues with being a level down from how we ordered it.
So my well-done ended up being more of a medium well which was actually not too bad.
It was served with some French green beans and our choice of complementary sauce.
We tried the peppercorn...pretty good and the bernaise...not that good.
Overall, a good value for good sized petite filet and green beans with a Caesar salad...$24.
We would come to Fuego's for another meal.

OMG Yum.
Can't wait to go back again.
Service was great, atmosphere was relaxed and comfy.
But the food...  First off, the basket of bread.
Whoa.
Three different types of deliciousness, all wonderful.
Could have stopped there.
But we got the shrimp cocktail.
This is a simple app, but to be honest, probably the best shrimp cocktail I've had.
Colossal shrimp and the sauce was just right.
I ordered the soup of the day which was a beefy mushroom kind of thing - it was wonderful.
Not too salty, not too rich, just right.
Wonderful with the bread - I had to find any excuse to eat more of that.
My husband had the salad which had very fresh ingredients and vegetables, more than just lettuce (yay).
I had the ribeye steak which appeared to be from a gigantasaur.
It was cooked perfectly medium rare and was oh-so-tender.
I ended up taking most of it home and it was as good the second time around.
My husband had the filet mignon and he finished his off and said it was delicious.
I wouldn't know, he usually shares with me, but not this time.
:(  The veggies with the dish were good, an assortment of broccoli and cherry tomatoes.
Very good, but we came here for the steak.
My husband ordered a 7 and Seven and he commented that it was mixed just the way he likes it (so I assume it was a bit on the strong side, but not overwhelming).
For this delicious meal including the appetizer and two drinks, it was only $80.
Not an everyday dinner for folks like us, but still very affordable for a steakhouse meal for two on occasion!

Great place for the money, awesome food and atmosphere, rivals many higher priced places on quality.
Only gripe was they were out of a few things I would have liked to have ordered on a night that it wasn't busy at all, but they made it worth it.

Wanted to have dinner and did not want Café Food.
Talked my hubby into Steak dinner and I am glad I did.
Yummy!
They do have a 3 course special for $24 but I opted for my own individual picks.
Our server Thomas was a delight and very accommodating.
The lettuce that comes with the dinner salad I didn't like our server ask what was wrong & I told him I didn't like the lettuce.
He came back with a new salad made with romaine lettuce.
Not many places would do that usually you just miss out.
I was impressed with the quality of the food, drinks and service.
I know it's little off the beaten path from the strip it is so worth it!
Don't get me started on how many yummy selections was in that bread basket!
I had to refrain from eating more than a small piece of pretzel bread.
The best part is that I could come in Jeans, nice shirt and sandals.
A definite must on the places to eat when we come back in March for 5 days.
Worth taking the car out of valet and driving down the 215 to Henderson.

This is a great steak house!
Every cut of meat I've had here has been delicious and tender.
The service is always good and the atmosphere is calm.
Love it here!

-Waitress:  An annoying amount of up-selling.
-Bread Basket:  Best thing they have going.
Warm and includes pretzels.
-Salads:  Boxed croutons don't belong at a nice steakhouse.
Either make them fresh or leave them out.
Wedge salad needed more bacon and less carrots.
-Steaks:  We ordered filets medium rare; came out a solid medium, but still ok.   -Sides:  5 spears of asparagus is not "family style.
"  Creamed spinach was plentiful, but SO salty.
-Veggies:  Meh, it's steamed broccoli and cauliflower.
I dipped mine in Bearnaise to make it edible.
Two weird cherry tomatoes also graced our dinner plate.
-Potatoes coming out of kitchen looked really good.
We wished we would have ordered one instead of the spinach.
Oh well.
Bus boy was the star of the show.
Our waitress was pretty absent from the meal and took forever to bring us our check.
-We won't be going back again.
Overall, I can better justify dropping 80 bucks at other places in town, not Fuego.

We were in Henderson for the Best in the Desert Henderson 250 offroad race.
It was also my birthday, and the plan was to head to some upscale restaurant in Vegas.
But alas, after a long day at time trials and the long drive from San Diego the night before, we opted to dine at our own hotel, The Fiesta.
I admit to being a little skeptical about how the food quality and service would be at a hotel restaurant in Henderson but we were pleasantly surprised.
The appetizer of bacon-wrapped shrimp was decadent.
Our steaks (mine a petite filet, his a New York) were cooked to perfection; the twice-baked potato (which we shared) was very tasty, and the salads were creative (without even one piece of iceberg lettuce).
The complimentary chocolate cake for my birthday topped it off!
We each also had a glass of Kendall Jackson merlot, and our dinner was a mere $88 plus tip.
Friendly wait staff with competent service.
Could not have asked for more!

First I should start by saying we go there for the croissants that are served in the bread basket before dinner.
They are to die for!
We are steak people.
Their steaks are marginal at best, taste about like what you find at Smith's.
Salads are not very good.
Very smoky getting in and out of the place and a lot of elderly gamblers frequent the place.
The waiters seem to hate their jobs and seem to be used to people complaining about the food.
It seems to be no big deal when something is not done properly or people complain about the wait.
Since it appears not many put in reservations there is often a LONG wait for service especially when everyone has the coupons that appear to have been mailed to them for gambling at the establishment.
We do still go there and mostly when we are hungry for the amazing Croissants!

I can't believe with how many times my husband and I choose this as our date night establishment that I've yet to do a review.
Decor: is dark and probably reminiscent of when this casino was owned for a different company and jungle themed in the 90's.
You've noticed I haven't deducted any stars for it however, this decor for this particular restaurant just works!
Staff: friendly and attentive.
They seem to have stolen burger kings tag line- "You can have it your way.
" Extra dipping sauce for steak, extra popovers, if they have em, you can have em.
Speaking of popovers- their breadbasket is the best thing they have going for them, and that means a lot!
Since I've already, and continue to, praise them.
Food: my pet peeve at a steak house is the cooking temperature being off.
You should know blindfolded how to cook rare, medium rare, medium, medium well, and well.
This place?
Perfect every time!
What else can I squeeze into this review: If you're a French onion soup fanatic like me- try theirs- still one point below Applebee's (I don't know why they are my fave they just are) but really good here.
I don't know if it's permanent or not, but for 9 months since we've been going, they do a great 3 course special- soup or salad, limited but satisfactory entree selection, and two dessert options- bread pudding and creme brûlée.
Not being a bread pudding fan I can't speak for it because I've never tried it.
But the creme brûlée- AH-MAY-ZING!
perfect ending to your dinner.
Now all Fiesta Henderson needs is a Kids Quest so I don't have to get a babysitter each time.

I came here for the second time on 1/22/14 and they were out of Rib Eye.
Really?!?
A steak house that's out of steak?!?
Instead I ordered the NY Steak and it was just ok...wouldn't order it again though.
The rib eye was amazing last time.
If I do come here again I'm calling ahead to make sure they have what I want but honestly shouldn't have to do that, but my boyfriend likes going there.

Well where do I begin.
This was special evening out for my dad's birthday.
first the butter rolls are to die for, but they horribly BURNT and they had the nerve to serve it.
Attendant ask the Chef to make a new batch , but had to wait till they served it all.
Vegetable the came with your meal was mushy and nasty, almost stink.
The petite steak I order was okay, not excellent as it has in the past.
This is our last visit to this place.
Not paying good money for carp, when I can get better for cheaper elsewhere.
Sorry.
you'll be disappointed if you dare come.

I really like this place.
It's quiet, the seating is comfortable, and the service is excellent.
The only problem is most of the food items are served on a cart.
So you find yourself with meat and vegetables and no starch unless you ask to add starts to your order.
But, once again the service is fantastic.
I have been there twice.

