This old time casino located in the heart of Henderson.
Although run down and very old, this property is or was owned by the Peppermill company so there is that signature neon light running throughout the inside.
I wouldn't make a trip here necessarily but it is definitely something to see, as someday with all things in Vegas it will be gone!

My brother in law lives right around the corner from here, so everytime we visit we come for the $1.99 breakfast.
Well, i dont cause i hate eggs.
I usually just get a side of hashbrowns.
Everyone loves this place, and they make a GREAT bloody mary, not from mix, the bartenders own recipe.
Stay away from the nachos though.
Covered in some really strange bland  raincoat-colored plastic cheese.

I am reviewing their coffee shop which is a fabulous value!
Everything on the menu is very reasonably priced, and you get a generous serving.
My mother loves their liver and onions (yeah, I know ... Its a generational thing), and I am partial to their massive breakfasts.
Their omelets are fabulous and chock full of whatever goodies you order.
Service can be a little abrupt, but keep in mind these waitresses have been around the block a few times and don't have the time or energy to play nicey nice with everyone.
Don't expect an elegant dining experience, but do expect some good chow in a nice little restaurant in a cute little casino in the charming little village of Henderson, NV.
CHECK IT OUT!

I've been coming to Henderson for the past 15 years and been eating at this place for the past 13.
At first, you think it's some place that sort of tacky but I've grown to absolutely love it.
The decor sort of look like it used to be a strip club with the hot pink and blue lights all around the place.
It just makes me feel happy when I'm in this place.
This has been the only place that has been consistent with the service and food to my liking.
The prices are so reasonable.
THEY HAVE GREAT HAMBURGERS!
I always ask for thousand island on the side and it just makes it that much better.
If you print out a coupon that is on there website then the deal is so sweet!
They have really great fried chicken and mashed potatoes.
I've heard they have good chicken fried steaks as well.
The breakfast is always reliable.
Pancakes, waffles, and egg dishes have all been consistent.
Okay now.......The Prime Rib..........
It is so cheap and you have a choice of regular cut or thick cut.
HUGE!
The money difference is only about a $1 and by the way.........DELICIOUS!
We tend to gamble here as well.
This has been the only place that we can always walk away with some money.
It tends to get crowded around dinner time.
Expect to have a long wait if you come around this time.
Hope you like the place as well.
I really think it's worth it especially if you are trying to save some moolah on the eats.

The food is good, cheap and there are no frills here.
My parents live in Henderson and have taken us here a few times.
It is certainly not a tourist place to seek out but it could be.
I know we have eaten here a few time and the food never disappoints.
This place is super divey but totally awesome.
You can play the games here with better odds than on the strip and get stiff drinks and cheap food.
What more do you need?!
And if it is your thing you can smoke in here too, unless they changed that.

The restaurant in this little locals casino has some of the best burgers you'll find in town at a reasonable price.
My favorite is the bacon double cheeseburger.
I'm a big guy and this is almost too much food for me which really says something.
Two big pattys- I'm guessing 1/3lb each, so a total of 2/3lb of really good quality beef and your choice of cheese.
What really makes this burger outstanding though is the perfectly cooked thick cut bacon.
Two large strips of awesomeness criss-cross the top of the burger.
Build the rest yourself with the lettuce, tomato, and onion provided on the side.
I like some mayo to finish it off and you're good to go.
I haven't found a better BDCB in Vegas yet.

Cute little casino that Grandma took us too for breakfast.
And wow, was the food cheap.
For the 3 of us $20 for breakfast.
That's one reason I love Vega$, the cheapness factor.
I had a waffle with strawberries and my fiancé had the pork chop breakfast.
It was huge.
2 huge pork chops, eggs, hash browns, and biscuit and gravy.
The food was pretty good too, and this place was packed.
I will definitely go here again on the next trip.
I noticed in the menu they had a breakfast special for $1.99, but it was over at 11.
The casino was nice too, clean, lots of locals.
I didn't win anything here either, but I had fun, and that is all that matters.

3.5 it's just that they don't have half stars.
So the bf and i arrive at my friends house at about 6:30am hungry.
She tells us that she knows a place we can go since all the other places we wanted to go didn't open up for breakfast til about 8 or 9am.
So we end up going over to the Rainbow Casino for some grub.
This place looks like something out of the movie Casino, just smaller and a bit more run down.
The breakfast special was less than $3.00 which came with 2 eggs, your choice of bacon(2) or sausage(2), hashbrowns, and choice of toast or biscuits and gravy.
I ordered the 2 eggs (scrambled), 2 sausage, hashbrowns, with biscuits and gravy.
The food tasted good and was a pretty decent portion especially for the price (on weekdays the breakfast special is $1.98).
The biscuits and gravy were pretty good as well.
I knew this because the bf ate all his and he's usually not  big fan of biscuits and gravy.
We all ordered the breakfast special, two drinks and a water and the total came out to $10 and some change pretty darn good for 3 people.
I wouldn't go out of my way to go here if i was staying on the strip but if i was in or around this area and wanted a decent breakfast, that tasted home-cooked instead of tasting like Dennys.
This place is the place to go.
They offer a decent amount of items on there menu and they are pretty cheap.
I will be coming back...  And so i did come back, later on that day for dinner with the bf, bff and her husband.
So for dinner the bf and i ordered the Prime Rib Dinner Special, my bff ordered the Chicken Cordon Bleu, and her husband ordered the Chicken Fried Steak.
All the meals come with choice of soup or salad, baked, mashed, or french fried potatoes, and green beans.
I of course ordered the soup, which was cheesy potato that night (and it was pretty tasty).
The portions of the proteins on each of our plates were HUGE!
The Prime Rib covered at least 75% of our plate and was pretty thick.
I couldn't believe the size of that thing for only $7.95.
The Au Jus and the Horseradish Sauce that it came with complimented the meat very well.
The Prime Rib tasted decent for the price and size.
I couldn't even eat half of the Prime Rib so i just took  the rest to go.
Actually everyone had left overs from there meal that they took home.
The total came out to $34.00 for two Prime Rib Dinners, Chicken Cordon Bleu, and Chicken Fried Steak Dinner and two drinks.
The food here is good but the price makes it better.
I will be coming back for more.

It's strip-club-tastic.
The neon / mirrors motif is pretty awesome, but you definitely don't want the waitresses to be giving you lap dances.
The gals who wait on you look like old diner movie cliches.
They all look like "Maude"s or "Harriet"s.  The food here is good old diner food.
Sub Denny's prices, and way better than Denny's quality.
Most of the stuff on the menu will shorten your life, but walking through the haze to get to the restaurant takes 10 years away anyhow.
My wife thinks the potato skins are awesome, I don't understand the big deal.
I think it's more about nostalgia for her.
I don't mind going because the prices are great.

I forgot to mention on my review about the casino side of this place.
This is me and my twin's ABSOLUTE favorite place to gamble in the WHOLE entire world.
We play the 20 card Keno slots and we stay here for hours and hours kicking it.
One thing about the small casinos is the waitress comes around all the time.
IT's AWESOME.
The Casino staff are absolutely wonderful.....Lynda, Anthony, Anthony (not a typo....they're 2 Anthony's) and Chris are so friendly and helpful!
There is no other place that comes close to my heart as this little gem in the desert.

This is a fun little casino.
The staff is awsome, they remember your name and favorite drink.
There is a huge bar with penny slots.
The diner has one of the best prime rib dinners I have ever had.
Sad note, the small 2nd bar is no longer staffed.
Bring your out of town friends, they just won't believe that you can get a full dinner for about $7 bucks.

WOW amazing good deals.
PRIME RIB DINNER ONLY $10.00 AND breakfast for only $2.00.
This restaurant is a must have.
I love the neon raninbow filled carpet and lighting.
YOU HAVE TO GO HERE YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED

Well it is a old school casino.. they have done alot of remodeling which kind of makes it look like it is in south beach or something.
When I was in high school we used to ditch *yeah I said dittch*  first hour and go here for the 99 cent breakfast.
I think it is 1.99 now .
My mom in an effort to deter my boredom from being housebound with my foot for the last three weeks attempted to take me to dinner tonight .. Because of the above case  i was thinking ..  that they totally need a new air purification system in there.
*Hey .. cheap food yay * mmm dinner * mmm I can be a carnivore  So we arrived me on my crutches.. which thankfully handicapped friendly *bonus* However this is an older casino and is REALLY smokey... it is really hard to breathe in here.
It would be nice with all their remodeling if they invested in a better   Now normally for dinner I would order  *prime rib *fried shrimp *steak * french dip sandwich  However my mom was bragging about this logger sandwich so..
I deviated from my regular and .. ordered differently.
HUGE mistake.
So... for somereason everything I got did not taste good... no really like .. it wasn't their normal.
The ranch dressing tasted bitter..
The sandwich was not my fave ..
I think I did not like the sourdough cheddar and green chile.. maybe on a different bread?
just wasn't for me .. the french fries even tasted wierd.
My mom got a steak and said it was good but really garlic-y.
The baked potato was good ..
I should have gotten one of those.
The price wasn't bad and service was good .. but really this was not my best experience...  and I have had better.
Now back to sitting with my foot UP and resting .

***Update 3/13/11*** Last night we were trying to figure out somewhere to go for a quick dinner that would not be too far from the house.
I suggested this place since we did not eat in the Diner the previous time.
We got seated after about 5 minutes and opened what is a gold mine of a menu.
They have anything from burgers to pasta, breakfast and prime rib.
Every thing on the menu is way under priced which being the cheap skate I am works out well.
We all got the broccoli and cheese soup that came with every meal, and pretty much ate it in one minute it was so good.
I got the Chicken Parmesan that was delicious and came with garlic bread.
The ladies got chicken tenders with a baked potato and both were very good since I ate half of their meals as well.
The waitress was very nice and the atmosphere is casual and bright due to the neon theme.
I feel bad that I just found this place after nine months in Vegas, and will try and hit this place up on a regular.
-------------------------------  Valentines 2/14/11  On our drive back to our place at Lake Las Vegas, saw a sign for Eldorado Casino next right.
Thought we should check out something new, and took the right turn to find downtown historic Henderson which I have been wanting to see for awhile.
One small street with three dinky casinos on it and of course this one strikes your eye with the bright rainbow lights.
Not much to see in here other than it is decorated like the Pepper Mill on the strip.
Cheap beer but pretty smokey due to it's size.

"Images" ( unless they changed the name ) inside the Rainbow Casino is one of my all time favorite places in the nation to eat breakfast.
Their country friend steak is the best.
Their country gravy to die for!
Definately worth the small car ride from Vegas to try it.
Only drawback is that it's a small place so the wait can be 20+ min on a busy day.

Ah Rainbow Club diner where have you been hiding?
I found this little hidden gem during "Date Night".
Since we're both food junkies, my other half wanted me to experience the Rainbow Club, similar to Peppermill.
I had never really been to downtown Henderson and my better half lives nearby so this was a new experience for me and then to stumble upon this place...I'm digging it.
Yes it's a pretty small smoky casino, and has a cafe that doesn't look like much.
I was cautious to try anything from this place because of such cheap prices but figured it had to be decent if it was pretty busy on a Tuesday night.
I was craving a big chunk of meat so I got crazy and ordered the $7.99 prime rib.
I was surprised how tender it was, I was preparing myself for the worst!
It came with mash taters, green beans and salad.
A little overkill on the gravy but overall it wasn't a bad meal.
My other half munched on a grilled tuna sammich and thought it pretty decent for the price.
Caution: the potato salad is a loaded with mayo so you can hear your arteries clogging.
In the end, so glad I discovered this joint.
I can take out of town guests here instead of Terribles.
At least the service is better here!

So you want a dive?
I got you a dive.
Welcome to the Rainbow Club & Casino, home of stale smoke and cheap eats.
If you're on a budget than this is the place to go.
Almost every machine in the joint has a $.01 option - poker and slots.
Make $5 last an hour.
More importantly the food at Images (their restaurant) is outstanding.
Might I recommend the Chicken Fingers and/or Golden Fried Shrimp?
Not your thing, then go with the Fettuccine Alfredo or the Chili Omelet.
Honestly, I've eaten at this joint probably 100 times and I've never had a bad meal.
Two people can get out of there with beverages and a tip for $20 or less.
Not sure what they do to make them so good, but the Chicken Fingers are the best I've ever had.
Also, take advantage of the cool sights from around the world while sitting in the only smoke-free environment in the place.
They have large flat screen TV's showing 10-20 second clips from different parts of the world (not just in the restaurant, but in the casino too).
So in case you crap-out gambling you can grab a seat at a vacant machine and scope out where you want to take your next vacation (when you win your money back).
Just make sure to save a few bucks for some dry cleaning if you're heading to the Rainbow Club from out of town.
The smoke stank on your clothes is as strong as Aunt Betsy's perfume.

You know I have been avoiding you Rainbow Club.. Just because it is so smokey inside your casino!
(thus I subtracted a star) But the great deals on eats.. well.. who can complain about smoke when it is economical to get great food there?
My roommate and I have discovered Steak or Prime rib on a budget.
I normally don't get their baked potatos because they are usually hard or old tasting.
blech!
so I will order salad and french fries.
Their dressings are all freshly made which is an added bonus.
I don't know if they are still a part of the peppermill chain.. but the food .. is great .. especially when you are on a budget!

Primerib comparable to upscale steakhouse...

It has been awhile since anyone wrote about this place so I thought I'd chime in.
We used to frequent this place but have not been here in awhile.
We stopped for a late nite breakfast since we were in the mood for an omelette.
I usually go for the veggie omellete, heavy on the spinach and veggies, hold the sour cream and light on the cheese.
My favorite.
I tried that same order last night, and while what I got was pretty good, it was, well ahhhh, not an omellete.
Aren't omellete's supposed to be folded?
First off instead of light cheese there was none.
The spinach used to be stuffed to the hilt.
What I found were a few flecks.
Some little cut up peppers kept the spinach company though so things were looking up.
There was also a smattering of tomato to round out the chorus.
All in all it was mostly egg, and veggies thrown in seemingly as an afterthought.
The cook must have been sleepy or something as the omellete looked like it had taken a ride in the blender on the way to the plate.
Maybe he thought I ordered the veggie smoothie.
Still it was tasty and worth the price.
Maybe this was just a one time foul up.
I hope the next visit they are back in the veggie omellete making form that we came to know and look forward to!
Oh yeah Rainbow, fix your moving picture displays.
Three out of four  that we were next to were not moving.
Maybe they ate one to many omelletes.

The Restaurant at the Rainbow Club offers some awesome value.
Flipping through the lunch menu, nothing seemed to be over $7.00.
Soups, salad sandwiches, everything was nice and affordable.
I'm normally not in this part of town, but a training seminar had me out at a training room inside the Wells Fargo on Water street.
Being lazy and not wanting to drive, I walked across to the Rainbow Club.
I got the cajun chicken sandwich with a side of potato salad for roughly $7.00.
And it's a good sized lunch too!
The cajun chicken had an awesome seasoning, with a good spiced flavor.
It also wasn't overseasoned to the point of tasting salty.
The next day I came back here for lunch, this time for a cajun chicken salad; I liked the chicken that much.
What's interesting is that the menu says the chicken is cooked fresh and hot, then added to the salad.
They weren't joking; the top of the salad was sprinkled with cheese, and all the cheese under the chicken had melted.
Chicken was as tasty as the previous visit, and the salad was large enough that I didn't finish it!
It came with tomato, cucumber, cheese and your choice of dressing.
If I'm ever in this part of town, I know that Rainbow Club can deliver a quality lunch ar a good value!

This is a little dive casino but the cafe has great food and cheap prices.
We used to drive here from the northwest part of the valley just for the biscuits and gravy.
I don't normally like b&g but the ones from Rainbow are absolutely delectable.
For under $2, before 11am you can order a casino special that includes eggs, hash browns, meat, and b&g or toast.
Now that's an awesome deal!
My family has been coming here 11 years and we've had nothing but great experiences.
The only food item I have tried that I would not recommend are the pancakes.
They kinda suck.
All in all, it's a great place that is definitely worth checking out.

Just went in to the Rainbow club after not being there in a bit.
Who knew they just recarpeted?
It also seems like the overwhelming smoke has been alleviated.
I will defnitely be dining here more often since the price is excellent, and now the smoke is not as overpowering as it used to be.
The only downside?
They don't keep the restaurant open 24 hours anymore .. BUMMER!
This used to be the place to go for your middle of the night cravings!
I only gave 4 stars instead of five for TWO reasons.
They don't stay open 24 hours anymore... b.
Our server was totally forgetful.
The table beside us was sat 20 minutes AFTER us and received their food first.
This is an unusual happening so ..
I am only taking away 1 star.
Judge for yourself

This is a restaurant review.
Recently redone and classic Las Vegas with neon, cool booths etc.
Food was exceptional and prices are from the 1970's.
Most entrees are around $8 and desserts were $3.
Great service from nice people.
Hot turkey sand was awesome as was the chicken salad.
Only downside was to walk through the (still) quite smokey casino to get to the restaurant.
Once inside, there is no smoke though.
A real treat and a place to take out of town visitors to get a feel of old LV!

Smokey and old but for under $2.00 you get a good breakfast and in my opinion the food quality is what you would find at Denny's or Ihop

Hands down, best diner food.
Cheap good food, the waiter and waitresses are always extremely friendly.
Forget Denny's or ihop, this places beats them every time!

The locals hang out!
Great lunch specials for $5 and excellent service!

Hands down, the BEST hangover food in Henderson!
The menu prices are cheap, the portions generous...and very few tourists to make my head hurt even more!
I highly recommend the fried chicken with French toast....

My husband and I just ate at the restaurant at the Rainbow Club.
I hope this place stays open forever.
It's a part of history.
We felt like we had traveled back in time.
The place is like nothing I've ever seen before.
It is very, very old--and so cool.
It's super flashy (in an old-timers way), it's unique, full of character, and originality.
We didn't know what kind of food to expect when we saw the extremely cheap prices on the menu.
Most items were in the 5-6 dollar range for dinner!
It was exceptional food.
I had the Cajun chicken pasta and my husband had wonderful tasting fried chicken.
Both meals were way above average food.
Huge helpings, sides, and very flavorful and fresh--salad and soup came with the meals.
The staff were also friendly.
We will be back!
You should go if you're looking for great food at a cheap price, and a unique experience.

This review is for the restaurant!
You can some of the best biscuits and gravy around!!!
There is almost always a wait for breakfast and you will soon find out why.
Some of the breakfast specials are the biscuits and gravy special for, wait for it, $1.89!!!
That's not a typo!
This deal also includes your choice of meat and an order of eggs.
I usually get that but splurged on the NY steak eggs for $6.95.
Amazing deal and great quality.

Man, am I glad Vegas doesn't look like this anymore.
The casino is dark, smoky, and harshly decorated.
The restaurant is so cramped you could eat off the table next to you comfortably.
So why four stars?
BREAKFAST.
Holy crapoly, this place has the cheapest and most delicious breakfast.
$6 for an omelet, toast, and hashbrowns?
$5 for a skillet?
$3 for an egg and a bowl of oatmeal?
For.
Sure.
It always takes forever to be seated because the restaurant is so tiny and there are tons of families waiting to eat, but it is worth the wait, with good service to boot.
I actually feel bad for all the families trying to wait since there is nowhere kid-friendly to wait except for two tiny benches.
Regardless, it is a nice spot for breakfast in downtown Henderson.

Cute little "dive" in a small smokey casino.
We ordered chicken cordon bleu, chicken soup, potato skins, hot turkey sandwich, and a chocolate milk shake.
The portions were large and our waitress Julz was very polite and attentive.
Potato skins $4.75, chicken cordon bleu $7.25, hot turkey sandwich $5.85, and the milk shake $2.65.
I just wished it wasn't so smokey in that little casino.

Ah, the Rainbow...with its low ceilings, far out decor and stale smoke smell (quite the combination), it is a great greasy spoon that requires a generous amount of febreze.
10:15 PM, returning from a drive out to St. George, Utah-- tired and hungry.
Had to stop by the Rainbow as my trip to Henderson is never complete without one.
Cafe was set to close at 11PM, big surprise (new business hours!?).
I ordered the chicken quesadilla that came with guacamole,sour cream and salsa $5 (and some change) along with never ending coffee.
Not only was the 'dilla super flavorful but the java was particularly tasty (IMO end of the day coffee tends to taste burnt, in most joints).
Portions are big and prices so low, make it so you want to over tip your server--they are so nice, they deserve it.

Amazing food at great prices.
It's become a favorite in such a short time because it is so close to my apt.
Just a greasy spoon with endless amounts of coffee if you need it.
My waffle was a little late the last time we went so my meal was comped.
I didn't even complain but the manager must have seen the ticket time and the fact the other people in my party already had their food.
It was an delicious waffle.
The tuna melt is to die for and the make your own burger is a mouthful of goodness.
What I love about this place is that it is very busy but yet everyone that works there is always on it.
It's not the whole, "well, that's not my table so why should I bother.
"  Collectively its everyone's table.

I used to love this place.
now, not so much.
they ARE very busy and the staff seems irritated to serve you.
PLUS i could NOT even get a scoop of tuna cause it was not 11am yet.
It was 10:45 and they said no.
I suggest you sit at the counter to get a smile and ur food fast.

Go for the food not for the exceptional service!
Sometimes the food is so good and inexpensive that you can put up with almost anything, this is one of those times.
Steak & eggs with biscuits an gravy for $6 a side of 4 biscuits and gravy for $1.75 They have a breakfast skillet for $5.75 that I wouldn't recommend unless onions happen to be your favorite thing in the universe but, if you don't like what you order they will get you something new and not even hesitate.
My new favorite place on water street.

This place is old, stale, and just a little bit scary.
All casinos are dark inside but this one seems to take the cake.
Years and years of smoke permeate the carpet and there is no escape.
The restaurant leaves much to be desired and I have to elaborate on this.
The first time I came into the restaurant was insisted by some relatives of ours.
I was a little skeptical to see a full salmon fillet for only $7 but against my better judgement, I tried it.
When it came out it reeked.
It was in no way fresh and I could tell it was going bad.
I took one bite and spit it back out, the taste was horrendous.
The salad that they brought out to me was wilting.
The sprite was good!
But that was it.
My husband ordered the ribs, and for a few days after eating there he was very sick.
Our relatives LOVE this place for the price.
I just cant see how it's worth it.
The second time they invited us out, I found something on the menu that was actually very good.
The cajun chicken pasta is incredible.
My father always joked about how if you lower your standards, you will be happier.
That may be true for this joint.

How did I ever forget about this place ?
No you are not going to get gourmet food.
What you will get is good, basic food and plenty of it.
Prime rib for me, it actually didn't look that great, but the first bite confirmed it was good, no strike that is was fantastic, one of the best slices of prime rib I have eaten, melt in your mouth good.
Pot roast for the wife, she was very happy with it, i'm not a fan of pot roast, so it's not fair for me to judge.
All in all, great meal, silly cheap prices (I would have been happy paying double for the meal) service was good, place is clean, certainly one to visit again.

Don't judge a book by its cover or a casino by it's outer wall.
Because tucked away inside the Rainbow Club in the back of a dark, slightly smokey smelling casino is a restaurant with a seriously good and very reasonably priced menu.
$6 Denver Omelets!
And they are freakin huge!
The decor is changing as the restaurant is remodeling.
The rest of the casino while kind of smelly has a great bar with lots of big screens and good bartenders, and they have a nice mix of various slots to chose from.
On the down side the restrooms are...in need of a remodel to put it nicely.
But Peppermill knows how to make great food, and if you are in Downtown Henderson you would doing yourself a big disservice to skip this place especially if you're hungry.
Parking can kinda suck,  but the short walk is worth it, and the wait even on a Sunday morning for breakfast is not that long.
The Ortega Chile Omelet is another favorite I have to recommend.
And the service...the wait staff knows their stuff.
Some of the older wait staff can come across with an attitude at first, but if you treat them with respect you get the same and a smile at the end.
The younger wait staff has ALWAYS provided service with a smile without fail.
As I sit here writing this I'm already looking forward to this weekend and going out for breakfast with family and friends again at the Rainbow Club.
4 Strong Stars, leaning towards 5..it's close.
Rainbow is Peppermill owned and Peppermill treats people right or at least me and my family love the place.
(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #28)

0 stars if I could.
The atmosphere is terrible I feel like I am going to get lung cancer the second I walk in.
The main problem I had was at the mess up on my order and then they charge me extra for messing up on my order I will never come back and I would strongly suggest avoid this place at all cost.

The Rainbow is very dive-casino.
But it has wonderfully endearing quality about it.
They have great breakfast specials served anytime and the casino is clean.
It does have a smokey atmosphere- but if you go late at night, it has aired out.
They have daily beer specials that fit any budget.
Check it out while you are in downtown Henderson.

The corned beef and cabbage is OEDIBLE.
Not the best.
The corned beef is very dry, the cabbage is squishy ( I like it though) and the potatoes are very bland and tasteless.
Avoid.
"Drafted on 3/17/2012, for a St. Patrick's Day meal"

My buddy and I rolled in a 10 pm last night after watch World War Z.
Nothing sets me in the mood for a steak like a zombie film.
For $9.75 we got a 14 oz steak, green beans, heap of fries, and a salad at the images café in Rainbow Club.
Very tasty and cannot beat the price.
We just made it, but this is a great place to get a decent meal at a great price.
Had I paid $30 for the steak, it would have been disappointing, but you get a great value at the $10 price point.
The restaurant also has an old Vegas feel to me and the wait staff was very nice and helpful.

Open 24 hours.
The cafe is called Images & located in the back.
Old school feel & look to it all.
2nd hand smoke galore.
My fiance and I went there because I was craving liver and she found out that they are one of the few places which still serve it.
I was not disappointed.
Bonus!
: the french dip she ordered was A-mazing.
Their service was fantastic as well.
Our waitress, Christina, took pride in her work and paid close attention to detail.
We even noticed her send a few dishes back to the cooks because they weren't to her standard.
We can't wait to go back to experience this hidden jewel again.
I'm thinking: late night slice of pie and coffee at their counter.
How about that?!

This place gets high praise for several reasons, the menu has hardly changed in all the years I've been eating here (this also includes the price), The food is consistently good (big portions and always the same), and the place has sentimental value from my childhood and high school years.
The only downside is the service.
From time to time you get a diner zombie serving you, she's backed up and in the weeds and totally neglects your table, but that comes with the territory.
Overall service is pretty good.

One of my top 3 favorite casino's off the strip.
You'll find loose slots here (especially at the bar) and most of the staff are quite friendly.
The place overall has that "old school" vibe with a loyal "senior" fan base.
For the price, "Image's" prime rib can't be beat (if you like it rare, I suggest going early as they sometimes run out).
If they had table games, I'd rate it 5 stars.

I went there because of all the high ratings it got.
And this place is a prime example where the rating is really deceptive.
I tried what most people suggested...the prime rib.
Well...it was the weirdest (not bad, but weird) cut I ever tasted.
It LOOKED like prime rib...but it tasted exactly like corned beef.
Like, I think the beef was actually put in water at some point.
The peas and carrots must have been left soaking from the morning...HORRIBLE.
The stars, ironically, are coming for the service which many have knocked.
I guess I got one of the better waitresses that day, but at least she salvaged my experience.
Also, I saw some other people ordering plates like chicken fingers which looked ok.
The prices are pretty good, and I would actually give this place a second chance because I think if I go with a simpler dish, I might leave happier.
I love dives, and as far as prime rib, Longhorn remains my fave, but for now, Rainbow gets 2 stars from me.

Stopped in for some of the biscuits and gravy I have been reading about at their Cafe.
Have to admit, the value is amazing for them!
The food was good and the service wasn't too shabby either.
The cafe's decor was surprisingly updated and interesting.
The photo slideshows showing on screens throughout the restaurant livened up a casino cafe.

I love this place!
Awesome customer service and the food is amazing for a very reasonable cost.
It's very busy with local clientele so it's a cozy diner.

We came here on a Tuesday morning and order 2 casino specials for $5  - The restaurant in Rainbow is called Images  - Breakfast specials served from 6-11am.
As long as you are on the waiting list before 11, you can still order from the special menu!
- 15min wait around smokers can be a bit irritating, but can't blame them.
- Casino special is the same as El Dorado's Cafe and Grand Cafe's midnight special, 2 eggs, choice of 2 sausage or bacon, hash brown, and choice of biscuit with gravy or buttered toast.
- Hash browns are very crispy here!
- Service is very quick!
We got our food in about 5-10min.
Great job Lacie.
- If you want to order another Casino special for yourself, it's 2.89!
Haha.. - Prices are actually more expensive here than El Dorado, gotta love the 4 deuces there.
At Images, it's 4.25!

Great breakfast!

A diamond in the rough!
I was shocked when I walked into what I was expecting to be a dingy old smokey casino.
Boy was I wrong!
Nice Casino atmosphere.
Very comfortable restaurant with unbelievable prices.
Great tasting food.
The best value in Henderson!

You can't go wrong with the prices.
Good food.

Went on a Saturday night, there was a wait for the dining room so my friends & I sat at the counter, no wait, friendly server, but not at first.
Eventually she opened up to us, I think her name was Tannisha?
Not sure, something like that.
She was friendly & helped my friend that's super picky find something.
My other friend & I got the $8.75 prime rib special, came with a veg, potato, salad and prob 12oz (not sure of exact) prime rib cut.
It was prepared to our liking, juicy, delicious, great flavor and they offer creamy horseradish too.
The three of is ate for $28, can't beat that, my friends aren't local but I am & I'll def be back considering I can walk there!

Cheapest breakest for the best price in town !
Took my folks ,they got the 1.98 breakfast special with 2 eggs,2 bacon, hashbrowns and killer biscuits and gravy which was on point.I got the breakfast skillet which was the size of the plate, which came with biscuits and gravy too for 5 bucks,staff was great and all was there for the coffee refills,btw the coffee was a buck.over all great find and has a sense of old school Vegas cafe.

Ok I will admit this may be a slightly biased review.
I used to work here years ago, and this is the place I met my wife.
So I sort of have a personal connection here which I will always hold onto; however after eating at the resturant here for years, I am finally doing a review.
We decided to go here on Saturday night because we wanted inexpensive but good food.
That is exactly what you get here.
For about 6-7 dollars I got a double bacon cheesburger with fries and ranch.
The cheeseburger was perfect, seriously.
It was huge, cooked exactly as I wanted it.
The fries are really thick and delicious, and the ranch was AMAZING!!!!
They have really good specials like prime rib on certain nights.
Service was pretty good, we never had to wait for any drinks or anything.
They also re-designed everything in the casino and the resturant so it looks much nicer than it did several years ago.
It's definetly a hometown favorite sort of place.
Even when I worked there, the place was constantly filled with 'regulars', where you know there name and what they want before they even sit down.
If I had to complain about anything it would be the same as it always has been, the place is smoky from the casino and you leave with a distinct smoke smell on your clothing.
The roof is low, not like the new large Vegas casinos.
This is old style, so that's the major reason why it's smoky.
Other than that the food is great, I love the nachos, the green chile burrito, the burgers, steaks, everything...and it's all pretty cheap.

This is my new favorite breakfast spot!
The restaurant has been renamed Images.
It's a great place with yummy food, good service and even better prices.
I've only had breakfast and lunch here, but they are open 24 hours!
As far as the food goes it's diner food at it's best!
They have several breakfast specials, but some only run 7am-11am.
On our first visit for breakfast I ordered the Veggie Omelet with hash browns and their famous biscuits and gravy!
The omelet was huge, filled with cheese and veggies and cooked perfectly.
My husband ordered the pork chops with over easy eggs, hash browns and the biscuits and gravy.
He said the pork chop was a little over cooked, but very flavorful.
He loooved the biscuits and gravy!
The gravy has the perfect amount of spice.
This morning we went in again for breakfast and I knew exactly what I wanted something I have on very rare occasions chicken fried steak with hash browns, over easy eggs and biscuits and gravy.
OMG sooo yummy!!
It was a huge meal.
I had to take most of it home.
The chicken fried steak was crisp, but tender in the center.
My husband again ordered the pork chops and said they were cooked perfectly today!
I've been to lunch here with my mom as well.
It was just as tasty as breakfast.
I ordered their Turkey melt and fries.
The turkey was stacked high and the bread was still toasty.
My mom decided on their French dip sandwich with potato salad.
The sandwich was filled with meat and the broth for dipping was perfect.
My mom did say and I agree that the potato salad was way runny with mayo.
Next time fries.
I really enjoy this small casino diner.
You may have to wait for a table, but it's totally worth it.
The servers are very friendly!
If you get a chance to sit in Renae's section do.
She is excellent at her job!
We will be back for sure and definitely going to come for dinner.

Very bad service at the Restaurant seem like they call friends vs people who have signed in will never come back and give my money to this place, you know you have bad service and waiting over 1 1/2hrs, when the Bartender keeps asking "you still haven't been called" not cool bad service

For the price, no one can beat it!
The menu offers variety, a daily special, and great prices.
Service has always been quick and friendly.
Food is great...where else can two people eat for $15 or less...?

Been coming here for YEARS!
The biscuits and gravy and all their soups are delicious.
Another favorite is the prime rib special!
Everyone loves the "bow".
Tony, the day manager is a great guy as well.

Not bad at all!!!!
The restaurant inside is called The Peppermill and the prime rib special for $8.99.......
So good!!!!!
The casino itself is old school, looks like something from the late 60's.
It's seriously from a time capsule.
The service was awesome.
Carol and Sandra rule.
A hidden gem outside of Vegas.

I wish I could give zero stars for the poor service.
They made us wait an hour for a table and said the table will be ready in 10 minutes at least 2 times.
When talking to manager they said if you can't wait you shouldn't be here.
Not a good practice for business and I will make sure not to let anyone ever eat at this establishment.

Rainbow Room.
Let this yelp review serve as my official breakup notice with you as being a loyal patron.
I even would rave about you to others and encourage my friends to try you out despite the fact you have to hold your breath when you enter as there is no air circulation in your establishment.
Those days are now gone and you can thank your restaurant manager Jerry for that.
I am appalled by his lack of customer service and the fact that he said "if you can't wait well then you shouldn't be here" after we had already waited over an hour for a table (when we were initially told the wait time would be 25 minutes).
Not an apology or a concern to see why we were told ten minutes prior our table was getting cleared off and would be ready in just a moment.
He could care less and I guess he thinks we are just six customers that he lost for the night but we are six who will never come back and each can also tell at least six other people who will tell more people and so on.
So I think maybe Jerry had this wrong and be is the one who shouldn't be here.

I was craving a yummy breakfast close to Henderson but away from the chain restaurants like IHOP and Denny's or any buffet.
I was looking for something local and good and I remember I had bookmarked Rainbow Club & Casino after reading that there was a dinner inside that served really decent food.
Located on Water Street in downtown Henderson it was close to home and easy to find.
The casino was small, very local and quaint.
The dinner is located towards the back but there is not much walking to do as the place is not very large.
The restaurant is called Images.
The staff is very friendly.
We were seated right away, it was around 8am and the place was packed.
By the time we left there was people waiting in line waiting to get in, I don't blame them...it's worth the wait!
I couldn't believe my eyes when I looked at the menu.
Breakfast Casino   specials starting at $1.89!!!
There are $5 lunch special with soup or salad and half sandwiches.
Dinners specials every day for less than $8  like juicy Prime Rib on Tuesdays and Saturdays and Steak and Shrimp on Wednesdays.
This occasion I was craving the NY Steak and Eggs for only $6.25!!!
It was delicious, it came with hash browns and my choice of toast or biscuits.
The food was amazing, the prices you couldn't beat, the staff was super quick and friendly and the restaurant was clean and amazingly I didn't get a headache from excessive cigarette smoke.
I will definitely be coming back to try out their other specials :)

We went to try the Prime Rib as it was inexpensive.
I thought it was ok. My husband wouldnt eat his and he loves Meat.
He got sick later in night as well.
The place is a total dive locals spot.
It is not really for me.. Not trendy, hipster or cool in any way.
Primarily lots of old people playing old casino games and hitting up the restrauant after.

If you've been in Vegas more than 5 years, and DON'T know about The Rainbow in old school Henderson and their awesome cheap food and drinks- well we just can't be friends.
Or you can go now, get full and drunk for $20 or less, and then write me and thank me.
My first trip here was WAAAAYYY back in my teenage years when I worked at In-N-Out Burger.
We would get off work at 2am, and go enjoy a $1 breakfast.
Meat, hashbrowns, eggs, and toast or biscuits and gravy.
Since then the price has raised a bit, but not much.
I can still get the same deal for about $3 and I think $4 on the weekends.
Also, their lunch and dinner is beyond decent for the price.
Basic diner/café style grub, good quality and super cheap prices.
The same staff has worked there for years.
A double bloody mary cost $6.
It is just a delicious, low cost, locals spot.
I feel comfortable showing up in my sweats, or a cocktail dress.
If you go on a weekend morning, be prepared to wait, but the breakfast bar is almost always available for small parties.
The casino is a bit smoky, but not as bad as some small Vegas casinos.
The actual diner is called Images, and that is for sure a change made within the last year.
I am glad there is still a place where I can feed my family at a sit down restaurant for $40.
That is very rare these days, so I will enjoy it while I can!

I do not live anyway close to Rainbow's casino.
But I drive by it at least once a week cuz I'm always heading to the lakes to Dive.
And this one awesome place to eat after a dive!
Food is cheap and freaking good.

Been eating here for years.
Service and prices cannot be beat.
I will continue eating here every chance I get until I leave Vegas.

Went here for Sunday breakfast.
Left there STUFFED, and still had money in my pocket.
Food is really good and only costs a couple of bucks.
Had a denver omelette and biscuits & gravy.
NO complaints.
There was like 10 of us and we all got our food served at the same time.
Breakfast ends at 11AM and you can expect a 1/2 hour or more wait.
I love the sign on the door about loaded weapons not being allowed inside.

Friends of mine have been talking about this place and their low prices so I had to check it out.
They offer breakfast, lunch and dinner menus that are available all day.
They have egg specials that are under $2 during the week and just over $2 on the weekend.
It's located right next to the Eldorado on water st and parking can be tight but there are lots up and down the block.
Expect a wait on the weekend.
Ours wait time was 30 mins on a Saturday before Easter, not bad at all.
I had the ham and cheese omelet with hash browns( or you can get fries) and biscuits and gravy( or toast) all for under $7.
Decent breakfast for sure and the biscuits and gravy were incredible.
I will come back just for them and to try the rest of the menu.
Check this place out if your in the neighborhood.

We tried this for the first time for the Tuesday prime rib special.
Salad was simple with fresh ranch dressing.
Then came a standard baked potato and corn with the prime rib.
The outside was seasoned perfectly.
Both my husband and I enjoyed it, especially at the $8.50 price.
My son had an omelet, which came with hash browns, and biscuit and gravy.
It was also delicious.
Will definitely come again.
You do have to walk through the smoky smelling casino but the restaurant was smoke free.

This place is such a hidden gem of Henderson.
If you're not a local, you probably don't even know this exists.
But it does and I'm glad!
I've been coming here since I was younger, and nothing beats the prices!
The quality actually isn't too bad.
Their food is delish and cheap.
What more could someone ask?
I love their strawberry waffle!!
It's drenched in whipped cream and strawberries though, and if you're not a LOVER of whipped cream I wouldn't dare try it.
But it is super yummy!
I also think they have one of the best french toasts in town!
They give you a slab of butter and thick syrup that just makes the french toast so fluffy and perfect texture!
A must try.
I've had their club sandwich which is HUGE and tasty!
Their casino special can't be beat.
6:00am-11:00am so you must be early!
But it's $1.89.
Tell me, where else can that be beat??!
It comes with hash browns, bacon or sausage, eggs, and toast or biscuits and gravy.
Whaaaat a DEAL!!!!!!
Customer service is friendly and always accommodating.
It's a small diner so it can get pretty busy.
But worth the trip!
If you're in Henderson, MUST TRY!

