If you're headed to Scottsdale and looking to play some golf make a trip out to Quintero Golf and Country Club.
This course is a little ways off the beaten track but it will be an experience you'll remember.
(Temporary clubhouse only).
This course is semi-private and if you're not a member you need to buy a "Troon card" to be able to make a tee time.
Worth every penny though because it is rated in the"top 100" courses in America and truly a remarkable golf experience.

They just opened it to the public.
They limit the number of tee times so play was very fast.
The greens were very very fast.
In my oppinion its the best course in the west valley.

This course has been on my radar for awhile, but just a bit out of my price range, but I decided to make this a "tax return splurge" for myself, and could NOT be happier with my decision!
Every hole is different.
The staff is excellent.
The greens, while a little marked up, putted true and very fast.
And at a rate of $110 from their own website (booked a week in advance and cheaper than golfnow, btw), it's a far better value than your standard North Scottsdale courses, and equal to, or superior in quality.
A couple negatives; sand was a bit compacted and a couple tee boxes were hard to find a level spot.
Also, if the ball gets into the desert, get a new one.
I will play this one more time in "season", and several times this summer.
Don't miss this.
It will eventually go totally private at some point.

Played 36 holes here with a group of friends on a golf trip recently.
This is by far the best course we played during the trip.
We rented a house in Cave Creek so the drive was about 35 minutes to Quintero....so worth it.
This Rees Jones designed course is a challenge, fair, incredibly well laid out, and an amazing value.
We played the Grayhawk Raptor course and I can say without question Quintero puts it to shame for the money.
Grayhawk is a great layout but for the money it is not even close.
If you are into golf and in the area do yourself a favor and make the trip to Quintero.

Absolutely beautiful course.
One of the nicest I've ever played at!

I always take my golf visiting buddies to this BEAUTIFUL golf course.
Yes, it's a little further out but it's well worth the drive.
Immaculate course, great layout & terrific service.
(Troon Golf should send this team to Troon North  to teach the boys at TN a little about how to deliver great customer service!).
My favorite public course in AZ.
#2?
Dove mountain.
#3?
Boulders South.
Sorry Troon North .
You need to improve service.
at every level, to make your way back to the top, inspite of your beautiful courses!

I've had the pleasure of playing Quintero twice, and when ever I go to AZ I will make it a point to play there again.
It is my favorite course in the area, and I always recommend it to friends that are traveling in AZ.
Fain E Fairfield, CA

It is a nice course, but for $185 a round, I shouldn't have to wait between every single shot.
We didn't take two consecutive shots all day unless we were putting.
With all the options in Arizona, it's very hard to justify driving out to the middle of nowhere to pay a premium in order to play a poorly managed course.
On probably 4 or 5 holes, we were actually backed up 2 groups before we could hit.
When I brought this up to their golf operations guy (Mike), i was told that our time still fell within what they consider 'reasonable'.
Really????
Pay $185 to play a frustrating round that takes over 5 hours to play?
The response alone guarantees that I'll never return.... why go out of your way to play a course that doesn't care about their patrons?
I'd suggest skipping this course.
It is a nice looking course, but interesting that when their Marshal apologizes to us each time he goes around that still constitutes an acceptable pace.

This place rocks!.
Every hole looks like another high end course's signature hole.
We loved everything about this place from the service, to the driving range and the GPS on the carts, etc.
Also the cart girls were perky and friendly.
One even helped us find a lost ball and gave my buddy a couple of Pro V1s.
Probably the best course we have played.

This is one of the most beautiful desert golf courses I've played!
It is without a doubt a humbling course and the surrounding desert has created quite the residence for many of my golf balls.
The grill station at the turn offering burgers and brats with a huge assortment of condiments was a very nice touch to the experience!
This is the definition of target golf.
For the most part, this course has wide fairways with some room to spray the ball and I may have just been having a bad day, but it sure seemed like I was making a large golf ball donation!
The fairways were the best I've played on down here in the greater Phoenix area, considering it was the end of May.
The first and second cuts of rough were very easy to play out of and were very forgiving if you wanted to hit an iron.
I did feel that the greens were a little burnt from the sun, but were overall in pretty good shape and rolled true.
They were extremely fast as one would expect on a course of this caliber.
I couldn't get over how bad of shape the bunkers were.
Normally I wouldn't complain and after one miserable thin shot would learn to try and pick it clean the next time I end up in a bunker.
Since there are so many bunkers that come into play on this course it needs to be a priority that they are in great shape, especially around the greens.
These bunkers were laced with large rocks and had zero sand to get under the ball.
Playing ping pong between traps over the extremely fast greens really took away from my overall experience.
I hope this was just a mishap.
You win this time Quintero.
I will be back for revenge and I hope to get some of my golf balls back while I'm at it!!

Nice course, very scenic.
Some of the holes are something out of a video game.
But I don't think i could ever go back on principle.
Had a really bad experience with the starter there.
He HIGHLY offended me, especially after i paid the $150 to play there.
So we are there with a group of 7 of us on a golf trip.
Our group ended up being the 3 some.
There was a single that they had to pair with us.
I get that they had to put the single with our group.
We didn't mind at all.
But they forced the single to ride along in one of our carts rather than give him his own cart.
I kindly told the starter that i didn't feel comfortable riding with someone i didn't know and would prefer that he rode in his own cart.
The starters response: "well it looks like you're not playing golf today then" in the rudest tone possible just about made our entire group walk away and ask for our money back before we tee'd off.
It was so ridiculous, and most of us were in shock that he even had the balls to say that to me(or anyone for that matter).
He's a starter for god's sake, and i don't think the management at this course would want their starter leaving that kind of impression on a customer right before they are about to start a round of golf.
Especially for the price this course charges.
I still think about it to this day and this happened 2 months ago.
I send clients out to courses in Arizona all the time, and also travel there a lot myself in the winters for personal and business trips.
But there's no way I will ever send someone to this place.
Not EVER in a million years.
And if someone from this course is reading this, you can thank your starter for that.
We played there Saturday, May 3, 2014 and tee'd off around noon-1pm if i'm not mistaken...just an fyi to anyone on staff at this course who reads the yelp reviews

