Been taking my dogs here for 5 years!
Dr Marsh is extremely passionate about my dogs, and has saved my labs life a couple times (she likes to ear rocks).
My dogs get so excited when they get to take a car ride to see Dr Marsh!
He is always on time and super friendly.
Wouldnt trust any other doctor with my babies!

Like most pet owners and animal lovers finding a great vet is extremely important as well as pretty stressful.
When I moved here from Texas I was dreading finding a new vet because I had a great one in Dallas.
I took my dog Lilly to Dr. Marsh and couldn't be happier with the experience.
The facility is always very clean and the staff is very knowledgeable and  friendly.
They were great with Lilly and I could tell they actually cared and it wasn't just a job to them.
Dr. Marsh was wonderful and I will be taking Lilly to him from now on.

Was recommended by a different vet that did not perform the services that my dog needed.
Set up an appointment but they called me 3 days later to change it to be 15 minutes earlier.
My first thought was, "is 15 minutes going to be that much of a difference?
" Well apparently that's all they slot you for!
A 15 minute session!
They were supposed to do a urinary analysis and draw his blood in 15 minutes?!
Just called on my way over because they failed to inform that the street they are on is under construction- dead stop for 3 miles.
So I would either be right on time or 5 minutes late.
Well that would cut into my 15 minute appointment.
The receptionist asked me what I wanted her to do about it...
Nothing lady I am going somewhere that actually gives their pet patients the time of day.
I am now at a new vet that took their time seeing my fur baby and thank goodness for that!

Took our dog there after she fell and hurt herself.
She was yelping and needed immediate attention.
Took her in during operating hours and they said "the doctor is not staying late, we can't see her".
This was after 10 years of taking our dogs to that clinic.
Took her to another clinic, and she ended up being put down.
Thank you Dr. Marsh!
NO MORE!
STAY AWAY PEOPLE!

I have total confidence with Dr. Marsh taking care of my 3 dogs health.
We have had Dr. Marsh taking care our dogs for the past 15-20 years.
He has saved our dogs lives and been there for us in sad times, too.
He demonstrates compassion and truly loves animals.
He makes sure to check up and see how our dogs are doing after receiving new medication, and even sends reminders when they are due for shots.
He even has treats for them once they are done with their appointment.
I have nothing but great things to say about All Pets Animal Hospital- they definitely have my recommendation.

Best vet in Arizona.
Ignore the negative reviews.
Despite their dissatisfaction with the very small office staff, the vet is worth his weight in gold!!!!
He is a genius and worth any minor inconvenience.

Have taken my dogs to Dr. Marsh for over a decade and would never take them anywhere else.
Great Vet.

We have taken our lab there for almost 10 years- since she was a puppy.
Dr. Marsh has always been kind, practical, and acted in the best interest of our dog.
He doesn't suggest unnecessary treatment or tests.
As someone else mentioned, for most of the time that our dog has been a patient there, Dr. Marsh did not accept credit or debit.
We asked about it once, and he explained that while he loves animals, he didn't feel that owners should go into debt with treatments they couldn't afford.
Recently, because so few people write checks anymore, his office has started accepting debit (and I think credit).
Last year, I took my almost-19 year old cat there for the first time because she had a stroke, and I knew it was the end of her life.
Dr. Marsh and his team saw me on a Saturday morning and were very compassionate towards both myself and my cat.
It was a difficult time and although the office was busy, they let me stay in the room as long as I needed and they didn't rush the experience at all.
More recently, I had a friend who also had a cat who was at the end of her life.
She was unhappy with her current vet who continued to recommend expensive treatments and tests for an 18 year old cat.
Dr. Marsh realized during the first appointment that although the cat was at her end, my friend wasn't ready to let go.
He spent a long time talking with her and helped her choose some treatments to make the cat more comfortable for the next few days while my friend grieved and said good-bye.
She ultimately had the cat euthanized and Dr. Marsh was a huge support to her and her family.
His staff even followed up with them a few days later to ensure they were OK.  As my family recently adopted a new kitten and is considering another dog, I would never choose another vet other than Dr. Marsh.

