Barry Lasko is the best dentist I have ever been to.
I've been seeing this guy since I was in grade school, and the fact that I'm going to be visiting him for all my dental needs until the day he retires should say something.
Often, when you go into any doctor's office, including dentists, it is a very standoffish environment from the moment you walk through the door.
Dr. Lasko's office is different.
The waiting room isn't excessively large, but there is plenty of room.
For kids, there are children's books in the lobby, as well as some of the toys you would expect to find for them to pass the time with.
For adults, there is a good selection of magazines to kill time until your appointment begins, be you male or female.
As a pilot himself, Lasko even has a number of aviation magazines!
Believe me, that's a nice departure from some of the stuff medical offices try to pass off as time-killing material.
Everyone in the office is kind and professional.
There's a real "family" mentality going on here, and it shows with every second you spend in there.
The hygienist and Dr. Lasko alike are always eager to catch up with me, see what's been going on in my life since my last visit, see how many family is doing, etc.
Like many people, I'm never going to ever "look forward" to going to the dentist.
But Dr. Lasko and his team of professionals make it a considerably less painful experience.
If you live in the "Old Henderson" area, this guy is number one.

Do not use this dentist.
I had a small chip in my front tooth and I let him talk me into two veneers on my two front teeth.
$2000 later I am sitting here at my computer with no front tooth and it has been less than two years.
Shitty work, always trying to sell you more.
Now I no longer have my teeth and am going to have to pay to get the veneer replaced.
He should have never suggested this in the first place.
I had one small chip.
I would rather have the chip than deal with what I am dealing with now.
Plus he was not patient when the process was very painful (and I am not wimpy).
I admit I let him talk me into it, but I was stupid and he was just looking for money.
Plus he is never around when you have emergencies because he has a home in another state and is always there so if you have a problem you need someone else anyway.
Buyer beware.

Love love love my new dentist and staff!!
Thank you all for making me feel so comfortable.
I've never had a massage to relax me before having dental work.
Considering what I had done I felt very much at ease.
You are all truly caring people.
Thank you :)

First time I ever felt comfortable seeing a dentist.
I went to an appointment with my wife and he took the time to educated me on my oral health due to my head and neck cancer that we never knew anything about.
We are very thankful for his concern in my past health issues.
Dr Lasko made me aware of my high risk for oral cancer which no other MD has ever discussed with me.
I will definitely see him every 6 months from now on.
He and his staff are wonderful, polite and sincere.

I've been going to Dr. Lasko for years.
I moved to Henderson in 1986 and tried two other dentists that I didn't like at all.
My husband went to Dr. Lasko and suggested that I try him.
After one visit, I knew I had found my dentist.
His staff is very friendly and he always takes the time to answer any questions I may have.

This has been the best dentist experience I've had thus far and I've had a Lot.
The staff is very friendly.
I would come back here forever if I weren't moving out of state.

