This is the nicest BB store I've ever been to and it won't disappoint.
The staff is friendly, knowledgeable, and very helpful.
The selection is epic.
The store is very comfortable and easy to browse.
They have an on-site tailor as well.
I have them ship things home for me and they are packed amazingly well and with obvious care.
The only downer is that BB stuff is a little pricey, but my experience with their products as that they are worth the price.
BB has an outlet in the area, but they sell a lot of "346" branded items which are their outlet line.
I bought a few before getting them home and realizing there were some significant differences between them and the regular store products.
It's not bad - just not the same.
Hit the outlet for slightly better than sale prices on a lot of items, including ties.

Brooks Brothers, everywhere, is a classy store with amazing suits.
My husband found his wedding suit there.
The staff was professional, helpful, and very attentive.
I also have high praises for the tailor, who not only was a skillful tailor who seems like he's been in the business many years, but also because he remembered us in the year between the time we entered the shop the first time, and the second time we visited to actually purchase the suit.
The Brook Brothers in Caesar's Palace is of high caliber.
My husband and one of his groomsmen both purchased suits there and were happy with the results.
We couldn't find such nicely-fitting suits anywhere but there.

A great place for classic American menswear.
The staff at this location is exceptionally courteous and friendly -- going above and beyond my expectations to find what I was looking for.
It would be great if they offered local discounts.

I will be traveling to Oaxaca to see Thomas Jefferson at the end of this month and I usually try to surprise him with something he can't get down in Mexico... since he teaches 6 days a week down there he wears business attire ery'day!!
so to Brook Brothers I go in search of maybe a nice shirt or tie to add to his ensemble.
Great selection of just about EVERYTHING you might need for your Man.
Excellent customer service was given by Ulises I was looking for distinct cufflinks... Brooks Brothers is traditional, Thomas Jefferson is NOT!
hehehe so I did not find what I was looking for but Ulises suggested I try "Pinks" so off to there I went.
Shirts of every colore TIES of every color a HUGE array of traditional, conservative cufflinks.
If you find you are in Vegas and your luggage did not arrive with you come to this place I guarantee you can replace anything.
Keep in mind it won't come cheap though.
Respectfully Reviewed

Great store, especially for the services of Mr Maurice Jordan, who went above and beyond the call of duty to get me a Black Fleece item that they did not carry in the store.
I wish my local BB store had salesstaff as on the ball as Mr Jordan.
This store is always on our list to go to when we are in town.

Don't come to this snobbish place.
They do not want to help you out unless you are going to wear a suit going in.
They will ignore you, unless you walk in with a suit.
For some reason, the sale associate thinks they all make seven figures and too good to help someone out.

Located in the Outlet Mall on Las Vegas Blvd.
This was a pleasant surprise to find a Brooks Brothers Factory Store in this mall (let's be honest it is not as swanky as the outlet mall downtown).
This is the place to go for your glad rags at a reasonable price without looking ridiculous ,yes Ed Hardy I am talking to you.
So I say stop by Dress Sharp and Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!

here is my actual credit card request to rescind my Brooks Brothers transaction:  On 1/20/14, salesman (left blank) told me that the pants, they did not have in my size in, could be shipped from another store.
I paid $75 for that order.
Now, 10 days later, I have not even received an email about the status of my order.
I am a regular Brooks Brothers shopper and my name can be sourced from BB's computers.
Now 10 days later, I spoke to national Brooks Brothers customer service and they said they could not view the order and directed me to call the store.
I called the Las Vegas store.
The telephone rang for two minutes without even a voicemail.
5 minutes later, I called again and the salesman said he could not view the order either and I would have to wait for a day that the original salesman came in.
Today's salesman didn't even care enough to ask for my name so that the original salesman would know there is an open issue.
It was a total kiss-off.
Obviously, Brooks Brothers has weak record keeping.
I believe the $75  portion of my order was lost and I am requesting credit for this amount

