This place did a great job while other places tried their hardest to rip us off.
They fixed our ac for a reasonable price and didn't add on a ton of unessential work.
Highly recommended.

Honest and thorough.
It's hard to find an honest mechanic that you can trust, well here they are.
Haven't had a problem they couldn't fix.
Never had to go back to have them recheck their work.
M.D is great and Mike is as real as they get.
Only wish they were open on Saturdays.

We've been going to them for nearly ten years.
They're honest, they're good at what they do; and, they're priced fairly.
How many people can say that about their mechanics?

I was a first time customer with Sunset Auto, and I chose them to repair my brakes based on many positive reviews.
I feel they lived up to those reviews and even exceeded my expectations.
As a young woman, it meant a lot to me that they treated me with respect and were fair with the cost of repair.
It's a sad truth that auto repair shops often have a reputation of taking advantage of women, through overcharging them or adding on extra fees for unnecessary repairs.
At Sunset Auto, I like how they thoroughly explained the estimate and what each fee was for.
They didn't overcharge me for unnecessary repairs and their prices beat competitors.
Their customer service is excellent, the lobby is very clean (which is unique for auto repair shops), and overall I was *VERY* impressed.
I will be a long time customer!

I have always brought my car here and never had any complaints about customer service or pricing.
MD is the man and very helpful when it comes to staying in your budget.
Ill never take my car anywhere else.
They even give you a ride home if you need to leave your car there!!

My husband and I drove in for a business trip from LA and our car got us to Lake Las Vegas...but then would not start the next day.
After looking here on Yelp for a mechanic in Henderson with good reviews we selected Sunset Auto and had the Auto Club tow our Volvo over.
Sadly, the timing belt tensioner had failed so the belt had slipped off bending some of the valves - OUCH!
Steven at Sunset Auto was so kind through this whole process.
It really could've been a nightmare, and instead it was great to find a mechanic out of town that was straight forward about our options.
Our decision was to not fix the vehicle and donate it to charity instead.
Steven said we can keep the car there until we select a charity and arrange for them to pick it up.
Now that turned good service into GREAT and why I've given them 5 stars!

Great service!
I recommend this place at all!

I would never, ever risk bringing  my car anywhere else.
From my very first service, they have been so much more than outstanding.
I've been bringing my car for a few years now, and have never had the "hard sell" from them trying to get money out of me.
NEVER.
They are quick to get back to me, and honest with the work that needs to be done.
Every single employee is absolutely sweet (I feel weird calling the guys "sweet", but they really are), and have been polite and helpful.
No matter who answers the phone, returns my keys, gives me ride home, or sweeps the floor...theyre all so nice.
They definitely know their job.
Whatever issue I have is fixed correctly and PERMANENTLY.
I've never had to bring the car back for the same work.
Also, I actually feel like I learn more about my car when I go in.
They explain the issue and service so completely, that even I can clearly understand it (I'm a make up artist and nanny, so I barely know how to pop the trunk).
Service like this makes me want to bring them mini muffins or something.
Sincere thanx guys!

Where do I begin, Sunset Auto was recommended to me 10 years ago, from the first experince to my last I am always pleased with the service.
I have a 13 year old Land Rover and the crew and MD keep it running smooth.
There is no other place in town that beats there price, customer service and honesty.
I live 1/2 hour away from this place and I still travel accross town to take my Discovery there, I always refer them and everyone that I know still go back and mention how great they are to work with.
These guys are the best!

I am a single female and finding an honest mechanic has been one of the most painstaking tasks I've ever encountered.
I thought I found that with Sunset Auto.
After years of honest, good service, this company betrayed and hurt me.
I trusted them wholeheartedly for the first few years, but as soon as I purchased an expensive luxury vehicle, they saw dollar signs and treated me differently.
They quoted me $500 for a brake change, then when I went to pick it up and pay, it was almost $1500.
They didn't even call me first to let me know it would be almost $1000 more.
They claimed that it's because they had to use name-brand parts specific to my car, and had no choice.
My brakes squealed horrendously from the moment I drove away.
They told me that it was temporary and give it a couple of weeks or 1000 miles.
After 1000 miles, they still squealed.
My 5 calls within the next few weeks were NOT returned, and I had to stoop to threatening the owner to get my brakes fixed.
They "fixed" the problem with more generic parts (which I later found out)... so... needless to say, the squealing continued for an entire year.
Finally, I took my car to the dealer and they saved the old brakes/rotors/pads to show me that Sunset Auto continuously lied about the brand.
The dealer actually charged me LESS than Sunset Auto Imports did to do the exact same brake change, WITH all namebrand parts that are specified for my car.
Additionally, Sunset Auto DOES NOT WORK ON TIRES.
They send all vehicles to a Hispanic owned shop(where the owner barely speaks English) WITHOUT THE PERMISSION OF THE CAR OWNER.
Every single time they did, my car was damaged.
I would notice the next day, but I washed my car before each visit to Sunset Auto, and wrongly blamed it on the car wash guys because I never imagined Sunset Auto wouldn't handle my car with kit gloves.
I finally put 2 and 2 together when they had to admit to me that they sent my car elsewhere to get the tires done.
All the damages (cracked window, dent on the front bumper, scrapes on passenger side door) coincided with any tire work I paid them for.
ON top of the damage, they charged me $100 just to switch out 4 tires.
The tires were already mounted on the rims.
I suppose $50 must have gone to the Hispanic shop.
They never connected the sensors, and thought I was idiot and told me to "ignore" the "low air" light that stays on 24/7.
I paid them $100's to put on my grille kit (grille, side vents, etc..), and had to go back to have some of the work redone.
I could go on and on about all the disappointments with Sunset Auto, but the above issues are the ones I feel people need to be aware of before taking their car there for service.
Demand to see the parts before they put them on your car... do not allow them to send your car to the Hispanic owned tire shop.

Honest and up front with pricing and parts availability.
Communication was good and vehicle was repaired and delivered on time.
Pricing was in line with what you'd expect to pay from a real shop with certified mechanics.
I would definitely recommend this shop and will return with future business.

Been going to these guys for years.
Good prices, great service, and excellent communication.
Service all our vehicles with Sunset - both import (Toyota) and domestic (Ford).
It's good to have an auto shop that you call "my guys"

These guys are the best!
Stephen really explained everything to my fiance and I and made us feel very comfortable.
I will definitely be coming back here.

I'm not easily impressed and my ratings are usually conservative, but I have to say that I'm REALLY impressed with these guys: knowledgable, friendly, professional and no BS.
I've been sitting here waiting for my car and I've seen numerous regular customers that are clearly satisfied, treated equally well regardless of their automotive knowledge, etc.
I even saw them tell one lady that there's a manufacturer's recall on an item that would have cost $2k to fix here and she should go there.
Like I said, no BS.
Very impressive.
Treat people right and they'll come back, and I'd come back.

Highly recommend.
Took my 2010 Toyota Tundra 4X4 in to have the pilot shaft bearing lubed as recommended in the maintenence manual.
The truck is not in warranty and and I was looking for a reliable and honest independent repair shop to do the factory recommended service.
Turns out the service manual is wrong as the truck has sealed bearings.
Sunset charged me nothing once they discovered this.
I'll be back with my other out of warranty vehicles.

Way over priced for the type of service.
$42(after 10% AAA discount) for a simple oil change!
I'm in the process of trying to find a local mechanic to service my two Hondas( a compact sedan and minivan) so that I don't have to go to the Honda Dealers so that I could possibly save some money.
I decided to try this place out based on the reviews and noticed that they are AAA approved.
I took one of my cars(sedan) in for a simple oil change and and thought I would get a great deal along with the AAA discount.
Not only that, I really wanted this to the be the go to place for my car maintenance.
Upon getting my bill $42, I was disappointed.
Let me explain why I was disappointed.
For $42 bucks I expect a lot more than just an oil/filter change.
When I got the bill, I expected an itemized list of things that were inspected on the vehicle... Like a 20 point inspection with check boxes that explain their findings and need for service like they do at the Honda Dealers...  Sunset Auto didn't even include my tire tread measurements nor the how much brake pads I had left or a graph on how well my battery performed but the Honda Dealers do.
To be honest, they did leave me with a general list of things that might have been inspected, but it is hard to know whether or not they even did anything without details about what the findings were.
On top of that, the service manager/sales manager at the front desk didn't even go over the whole service with me.
There is simply no evidence that they did anything other than change the oil and filter.
By the way, upon inspection of the bill, they put the wrong viscosity oil in my car...
They put in 10w20 when the oil cap is clearly marked in bold 5w20.
Lastly my car was not run through a carwash and they left the paper floor mat on the floor for me to throw away myself.
Whew that was a lot!
The Honda Dealers, on the other hand and to my surprise, were very different and more satisfying.
First of all, I'm always greeted by a friendly service manager who gives me a coupon for a free coffee or bagel at the cafe.
For $35.35(no discount) my minivan got  an oil/filter change plus: the use of Genuine Honda Parts, a full 20 something point inspection with a detailed itemized list of what they did including their findings (i e tire pressure, tread wear, break pad wear, battery performance, fluids and which fluids were topped off, etc...), a list of open recalls, a carwash dried by hand, and no mess inside the car.
On top of that, the service manager explained each and every item on the list including what the recalls where about and the urgency level.
Did I mention that they replace the oil in my car with the correct oil viscosity and they always replace the washer for the drain valve as recommended per Honda.
Upon comparison, these two experiences are very different.
If Sunset Auto is willing to give service like the one I experienced with them even once, then isn't it fair for me to be apprehensive and reluctant to going back?
It's really a tough thing to put the vehicle, that you rely on so much, in the hands of people you can't trust to keep it running properly.
For now I'll stick with the Honda Dealers.
I wish you all better experiences while shopping for a mechanic.

I have been going to Sunset Auto for years.
Been all over Las Vegas and, compared to Los Angeles, many of the auto shops are less than ethical.
It was such a ray of sunshine to do business with Sunset Auto.
The owner, Mike is very honest and knowledgeable.
MD runs the service desk and has been really great to work with.
He is careful with your budget and his labor prices are great.
When MD quotes a price he stands by his estimate.
Sunset keeps up with high end tech tools and electronic diagnostic equipment required for today's computer driven cars.
The technicians are very capable and will not suggest service that is not needed.
It is usually like a trip to the dentist when getting your car fixed around Las Vegas and the dealers are among the worst AND the most expensive.
They offer average service with high prices.
Sunset Auto is such a pleasant experience I almost want to go there just because I know they are so honest and will actually try to help me.
Count me as another happy customer who would simple never consider taking my trusted car(s) to anyone else.

I purchased a vehicle from out of state and chose Sunset to do the AAA inspection based on their yelp reviews and professionalism over the phone.
They made the entire experience painless and if I'm back in Las Vegas with any car needs, I will absolutely be coming back.

This place is by far the best shop in Henderson and might  be even  the best shop in the country or even  the world.
Very happy with this shop and is one benefit of living close to the shop .Good luck trying to find a shop as good as this one  .
They are honest and will not tell you some BS about you needing extra work .

Its nice to know there are still honest mechanics around who care about customer service.

My first service was today.
All the staff were incredibly friendly.
They came up with a creative solution to my problem for $230 whereas the BMW dealer insisted it would be at least $650.
They even fixed something they noticed while working and came $10 under their own estimate.
Definitely the future place fit my car problems

I have two older BMW's which received excellent service in California until I relocated last year.
I am delighted to have found Sunset Auto Imports to care for my cars.
The fact that they have Master Mechanics on staff is a huge plus.
The front desk staff were more than responsive to my inquiries and happily accommodated my transportation requests.
Their estimate for the repairs on my 2001 330i was between $50 and $150 less than two other BMW service shops and the service department of the Henderson BMW dealership didn't even bother to call me back with a price.
To my surprise, the final bill was less than the estimate.
The shuttle driver, Heath, is an absolute sweetheart - an injured vet who Sunset Auto has taken on as an apprentice.
Now, who wouldn't trust their autos to a company whose values encompass giving an injured vet an opportunity to make a fresh start in life.
Sunset Auto - you are the BEST!

I was born in Las Vegas so I know a lot of  shops in town and Sunset is the most honest and professional I have dealt with, for my truck and my grandson's truck..that is why I keep going back..Thank you Sunset Auto...

After leaving my car in for a service and Ac repair , I was totally dissatisfied with the service.
Due to a misunderstanding maybe or that it was a very busy day for them, there seemed to be a lot overlooked with fluids not being filled etc and the AC not being repaired properly.
But after being in contact with Mike the owner of Sunset Autos, I was given a full refund.
I feel like he is a true business man who will live up to his word and the words of others who have written good reviews about his business.
I think that day was just one of those days and when my car is due for repair again I will leave it in to Sunset Autos.
For now I will give it 2 stars and both goes to Mike the owner for his sincerity and hopefully it will get 5 on the next review.
Thank you

