Fausto's is a great place that serves up quality Mexican food.
You can try to phone them up for a take out order, but your order is unlikely to be understood on the other end of the line, and when you show up to grab your goods you might have a little surprise waiting for you.
Just being honest.
Fausto's is NOT a sit down type of Mexican restaurant.
It's more of a taqueria.
I suggest the flautas and the carne asada, personally.

When I worked in this area of town, Fausto's was a favorite for lunch.
It's one of the only authentic taquerias in this part of Henderson.
It's clean, always busy, and totally yum.
I always enjoyed their cheese enchiladas.
They have a pretty awesome enchilada sauce.

This restaurant offers barrio food in the burbs.We shared a chile relleno burrito and large diet coke in addition to a complimentary salad mix of carrots and jalapenos.
Pretty good for inexpensive fast food.

good cheap what we call "durty mexican food.
" hits the spot when you want big plates of carne asada w/ homemade tortillas.

All I can say is mmmmh!
Mmmmmmh!
MMMMMMMMH!
Wow for a "chain" this is soooo good!

Love their nachos, since they are loaded with steak, guacamole, cheese, refried beans, etc.
etc.
They have all the good stuff and you can also share the portion since it's massive!
Their stuffed "chiles" are delicious and so are their tortas ( I prefer steak, with refried beans, and all the trimmings to go along), topping it off with their horchata.
A side bar of sliced fresh veggies is always there, offering you pickled carrots with onions and jalapeños.
I enjoy this place since its cheap and tasty!

They have this salad of sorts in the self serve thingie, made of carrots, whole pickled jalepenos, and onions, all in vinegar; it's really good.
Good Mexican fast food: your usual styrofoam plate of one third rice, one third refried beans, one third the item you ordered (chicken taco, in my case).
Got out of there for under eight bucks.

I prefer this over Roberto's.
Great sauces and excellent food.
Plus I always love when a fast food joint is setup so you can easily see all of your food being made.

its good not  very clean but its good fast food

WoW, Fausto's is good.
everything is made fresh, and it is always busy.

Not fancy, but oh so good and soooo cheap!
My family of 4 usually gets out of there for right around twenty-five bucks, sometimes less.
Carne asada is delicious and huge.
The chile rellanos are so good.
Burritos are giant and also delicious, and like another reviewer mentioned, the quesedillas are ginormous.
BUT... what's really cool is that as busy as this joint is, the lovely lady that takes the orders remembers what my kids order better than I do!
And frequently we come with 2 families together, a total of 8 kids... she makes it so easy.
She reminds me of my friend's son, "that one likes his carne asada plain.
"  Gotta love it!
Another reviewer noted great food but not that clean... we're frequent customers.. 3 to 4 times a month for the last 3 years...and we've never seen it dirty in the least.
Don't mistake plain for dirty.

I love Faustos for the great mexican food and the price.
This place is always busy with lines sometimes out the door.
What I like best is the chicken tacos and California burrito.
I love the free salad bar that has peppers, carrots and green onions.
The staff are very nice.

All I have to say is Chicken Super Nachos and Steak and Egg breakfast burrito!!!!!!
PAPOW!!

Before I moved to Las Vegas, all I ever had was Taco Bell if I felt like eating Mexican food.
Then I had this and now I'm a fan of better Mexican Food.
Their menu is pretty awesome, really big pictures to show what you going eat.
Carne Asada Fries!
Carne Asada Chimchangas!
Oh My!
That's the best, top it off with spices they have!
I love this place!

Muchos Mahalos to LL and Big Trouble for the intro!!!
This place was JUMPIN' when we arrived....Big portions, reasonably priced, Fausto's definitely delivers.
Lots of selections-from tacos, nachos, and burritos, to cocktails and combo plates.....I narrowed it down to the Chile Relleno/Enchilada Combo Plate and the Camarones a la Diablo plate but I couldn't narrow it down any further, so I had to get 'em both(heh heh)  The FRESH Flour Tortillas are the BOMB DIGGITS!!!
we usually get corn tortillas, but these are too good to pass up!
The Menudo here is very good too.
The Super Nachos are super huge and tasty, and so is the Al Pastor...Now they need to open one up in our side of town...ALOHA!!

We came here with our good friends and was very much impressed.
I mean hand made flour tortillas Yummy and the Menudo was a hit.
I normally do not order this anywhere since it is normally and I am convinced that no one can make it like my mom.
But I quickly came to realize that no shortcuts were taken to make this Menudo.
We ended up being the last bowls served, it was completely gone.
Can't wait till Sunday for my Menudo fixin.
Thanks Judd and Lynn!

Faustos is perfect if you're looking for comfort Mexican food.
Often greasy and loaded with cheese and fried in oil, this place isn't for those on a diet.
That being said, Faustos is a favorite among the locals and is always busy because their food comes at a great price and is always consistently yummy!
They get four stars because of their cleanliness, courtesy, and consistency.
The reason they don't get five stars is their lack of a healthy option (they could easily do a taco or chicken salad here) and because of their sometimes long wait times.

Went there after work.
It's so good!

Oh Faustos...
This place has some amazing food, from bean and cheese burritos to enchiladas to chili relleno to super nachos that truly are "super".
The food is filling and well priced, with a salsa bar featuring spicy carrots and onions, cucumbers, a red and green salsa, and basket of limes.
Beware, vegetarians, the beans do have lard in them.
My favorite item is an Egg-Potato-Cheese breakfast burrito that will keep you full for breakfast AND lunch :)

Man, this place has been awesome for the last 8+ years since I began working nearby.
NOT fancy or by any means high class Mexican cuisine, but if you want fast, great tasting inexpensive mexican without fearing the "aftershock", this place is it.
I have been to all 3 locations many times over the years, and IMO the College location seems to be the best (then Gibson, and last Eastern), but the are ALL good.

Let me start off by saying we HAD been eating at fausto's for the past 2 years, until new years eve 2011, both my husband and i got the WORST food poisoning from here that you can imagine, shooting out both ends for 8 hours straight, twice an hour.
As much as we enjoyed fausto's (went there sometimes three times a week) we will never be returning, obviously they have some cleanliness issues, oh and i had a vegetarian meal and my husband had the #5, so obviously it was a wide spread issue not just one item.

I love this place!
Lots of selections, but one of my favorites is the California burrito with no rice.

It's all about the Super Nachos with steak from here.
When we order take out, I know which container it's in because they pack it up with chips, cheeses, guac, sour cream, peppers and a huge amount of grilled seasoned chopped steak.
That Styrofoam dish weighs about a ton!
I like that they open real early so I can get their breakfast burritos.
Pretty filling and a hearty breakfast.
I can rely on the eggs, bacon and potatoes packed in a flour tortilla to fill my belly and  get me thru the morning.
Chile Relleno and their beef tacos are good fast food bets also.
Other than that, I'm not too impressed with the other items they serve.
My taste buds are so spoiled by the home cooks that have their hole in the wall diners in my former home town.
Alot of the cuisine around here,the foods are more westernized, but heck it beats Taco Bell for sure when I'm feeling Mexican fast food.
The place is fairly clean, the food is cheap, and tastes good for what it's worth.
Morning, noon and dinner hours is always the rush hour here with the line sometimes to the door.
But they got the system down so there's hardly ever a long wait to ordering and getting your food.
Only drawback, there's no drive thru and finding parking spaces close by can sometimes be a pain.

Meh, it's fine for what it is.
A hole in the wall taqueria chain with cheap prices and lower quality food.
I don't understand those who scoff at Roberto's, but act like Fausto's is some Michelin 3 star restaurant in comparison.
They're practically identical in the crap they serve you.
Carne Asada burrito is usually really dry unless you ask for it to be loaded up with guac and sour cream.
Chicken enchiladas are edible, but I hate the taste of their tortilla and generally just extract the chicken and drench it in Cholula because it is always THAT dry.
Also, if you're raving about carne asada fries...I mean what kind of culinary feat is throwing together bunch of fattening food and mixing it together.
OF COURSE it's going to taste good.
The lady working the front is cordial enough.
The other night I asked her for a water cup while I wait for my food.
She said they no longer offer courtesy cups because 95% of people lied and got soda.
PROTECT YOUR SYRUP AT ALL COSTS.

Delicious and inexpensive Mexican food!
Fausto's is similar to Roberto's taco shops, but for some reason... their food tastes a little bit better!
I especially love the bar filled with salsas and different yummy things.
I always wondered why cucumbers were a part of the bar area until my friend taught me to put them in a bag with salt, lime juice and salsa.
So good!

IT'S NOT PLACE TO TAKE YOUR FIRST DATE  On the other hand, it's great place to start my morning with any of their burritos that will hold me till I reach my flight destination.
For the weekends their authentic Menudo Rojo is filled with tender honeycomb tripe.
Open till mid-night, it's definitely a great place to keep in mind for that late meal.
I would say that the toughest thing at Faulsto's Mexican Grill is making up your mind as you are looking at their huge wall menu filled with pictures of all their tasty selections.

While I'm sure Fausto's has many other great things on their menu I keep coming back here for one thing...and one thing only.
Carne Asada super nachos.
While others in my family ask me to pick up Taco Bell stuff down the street,(It's a Saturday tradition around here) I'll swing by Fausto's and order my nachos first.
Then when I get home I set their Nacho Bell Grande on the table, then I pull out my Super Nachos which lands on the table with a satisfying thud.
Then I open the container and let others bask in the glory of piled high nachos with carne asada steak, piled with guacamole and salsa and cheese and it all has an aroma that quickly overpowers the smell coming from any of the Taco Bell stuff on the table....   4 Strong Stars for one menu item?
Yeah, it's that good.
Parking can be a zoo, service is fast and usually friendly too.
Definitely worth checking out.
(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #3)

Faustos let's me get the taco shop fix I miss from growing up in So Cal.
Their service isn't the best but it's a taco shop...get over it.
The best part about Faustos is their beans.
The BEST I've had...and I'm a refried beans snob.
The carne asada super nachos are pretty awesome too.
Though I must say that rice in a California burrito is just wrong....where are the French fries Faustos?!
Overall, blah service, excellent food, and great prices.

This place is ALWAYS stuffed with customers; and it's because the food is great!
It's authentic Mexican food (my fav) and it's fast!
Not to mention the portions are big enough to fill AND have leftovers :).
They also have a condiment bar with some delicious peppers and sauces to take your meal to the next level.
The scene is pretty indicative of a fast food Mexican joint, people are always rushing in and out but I was surprised to see they have a TV in the back that usually has a game on.

It really doesn't get much better than this.
I could probably survive on their condiments alone, with the mountain of jalapeno carrots, cucumber slices, and delicious salsas!
I remember coming here in high school after class and finding the place packed with people, all lined up for the California burrito, carne asada fries, and the carne asada super nachos.
The California burrito has to be my kryptonite.
Every bite has the perfect combination of carne asada, cheese, rice, sour cream, and guacamole.
Everything else on the menu holds a special place in my heart as well, and it is often difficult to decide between chicken tacos, fajitas, or the savory menudo they serve every weekend.
And the horchata is something to be loved as well!
All in all, the homey atmosphere of this establishment, as well as the friendly staff, make me feel welcome anytime, even up until closing time at midnight.
Fausto's definitely beats out Roberto's in my book any day of the week.
I only wish they served elote.

Love the flavors and the food!
Decent prices, recommend to everyone

uhmmmm delicious!
try the carne asada fries!

Have been a customer since opening!
great food portions, the environment has much improved since opening as well, nice flat screen for tv viewing while you dine, the chairs and tables are nice and the restaurant is clean!
the food is also very yummy i always get the steak tacos or breakfast burrito!
the one thing that is a bummer is there sin;t enough seating :/ the place is always busy busy but never enough seating so there is always people standing and a few times people sat at the empty chairs at my table which made me feel a bit uncomfortable :/ other than that i give faustos a 5 star gold rating i dine here once every two weeks atleast!
Thank you

I've come here a few times and it's always pretty good.
The food seems like authentic Mexican to an extent.
The only downfall is it's always so busy and I have to wait a long time for my order which is kinda a bummer.
But I always come back!
Better than Roberto's.

Randomly found this place as we drove through Henderson to avoid the traffic on the 15 on the way back to San Diego from Vegas.
It was a very pleasant find.
$4 fish burritos which was the size of a petite woman's arm with nice crunchy fish and the perfect amount of fixings.
The added bonus was the spicy carrots & jalapeños that are readily available for the taking.
Carrots were crunchy and flavorful which is a must!
Next time I go to Vegas, there will be a small part of me that would wish for bad traffic on the 15 so I can head over to Henderson!

Awesomeness!

Fausto's is the absolute best place for Mexican food in Henderson.
I go to Fausto's all the time, whether on the way home or just to suffice my ocassional late-night Mexican food craving.
They do burrittos the way they're supposed to, and not surprisingly as I am a burritto lover, my favorite item on the menu is a buritto.
So the next time you ever come around College and Horizon, be sure to stop by Fausto's and get my all-time favorite - the Nevada burrito.
It's basically a California burritto, but packed with so much meat, sauce, and everything you love about a buritto done to near-perfection.
Go to Fausto's now!
But be prepared, sometimes there can be a line out the door!

I love Fausto's!!
I know it's pretty much the same as almost every other quick Mexican food place there is, but I think the quality of food here is a step up.
I usually go with the carne adada plate which also comes with rice, beans, pico, and two huge tortillas.
The Carne Asada is delicious.
As expected they have a salsa bar with a few selections and some vegetables.
I believe the cost is about the same as Roberto's or again any other similar places.
If Fausto's was closer to my house I would probably eat here more than all the others.
Unfortunately it's not too close to my house so I only eat here when in the area.
Also, it's a small dining area, so don't expect to comfortably eat with larger parties.
If you can take it to go, that would be the best options.

Absolutely amazing.
Their pollo asado was unbelievably good!
Tacos were legit, enchiladas were amazing, and was left so full I couldn't even finish the rice.
Only complaint was there were so many people you couldn't even sit down.
This is seriously an oasis in the desert.

I had breakfast at Fausto's Mexican Grill #3.
The great thing about this joint is that it opens BEFORE 6 AM.
This is huge.
I had the ham/potato/cheese/egg breakfast burrito.
This is enormous and is only $3.95.
Also, the burrito was grilled after, which gives it a little crust on the tortilla.
I love this.
The burrito itself was good, but there was nothing that stood out about it.
It's basic scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese, potatoes and sliced ham.
The potatoes weren't grilled or fried, so they were just kind of mushy in there.
No texture.
That being said, it was good, I'll just try the chorizo next time.
Fausto's has a pretty standard salsa bar.
I had the green, which was good.
It didn't have pico, I'll ask for some next time.
From the reviews, it appears as though I should come for lunch or dinner.
I'll be back...

My favorite quick Mexican food in the valley.
Their salsa is great!
The guys are very accommodating for special orders.
Their breakfast burritos are great.
I love this joint.
Always clean, very friendly, fresh and fast

Horrible customer service!!!
I went in and didn't get acknowledged nor did anyone take my order for 5 mins.
There was 5 employees that continued to glance over at me and still continued to do other things.
I left hungry and pissed that employees could be that bad.
I called to complain and the lady said she didn't see is, LIE !
There was 3 employees that glanced at us right when we walked in.I have never complained about any place but this place took the cake.
I don't recommend anyone to go here.

BEST CHURROS EVER!!
Most of the time the churros have caramel on the inside.
It's always pretty busy when I've been but they're quick and the food has always been good.
I can't wait to go back and try more!

I can eat here everyday every week.
The food is amazing, the staff are friendly and nice, the place is always kept clean.
I could not imagine going a week without this food.
Been coming here since it opened over ten years ago.
Favorite spot for food by far.

It id usually on point but my burrito today wasnt hot .just meat cheese the cheese is still cold.not a good experience probably wont come back for awhile if ever

Love faustos!
When me and the hubs are hungry and grumpy we go there and get carne asada fries.
They put us in a good mood again!
My only problem with this place is their quality of beef.
A lot of times I'm chewing on gristle.
But it's a small price to pay for A LOT of awesome food at at a great price!

This has always been my go-to spot whenever I felt the need to fulfill my craving for carne asada fries.
Hands down, they will always be the best to me.
Im sure there are other great options to be had, but you'd have to know where to look.
In my case, it's a quick drive for a quick fix.
Carne asada isn't my only favorite but the Nevada burrito will give you such a satisfying bite, it'll have you coming back in no time!
It doesn't get better then your carne asada fries wrapped in a tortilla, so you can enjoy the mouthwatering goodness as a whole.
There food is definitely enough to satisfy you, and your friend.

Great service, always quick and accurate on orders.
I've been here at 6am and 11pm and the quality and service were equal...well priced for the portion.
I had the carne asada burrito and it looked so good I took a bite before I snapped a picture.
It was stuffed and seasoned well.
Would recommend

Super Nachos and Ranchero eggs hit the spot!
If you find yourself in Henderson (on the way to Lake Mead perhaps?!
) this is worth the detour!

I really enjoy Faustos.
Their taste is superior to Roberto's.
It's not authentic Mexican people, as good as it might be, there is no cheddar cheese or french fries in authentic Mexican food.
The carnitas tacos are really good but I recommend ordering them without tomato.
By far my favorite is the Nevada Burrito and I would recommend everyone to try it.
It is a carne asada burrito with cheese, guacamole, sour cream, and the awesome kick are the french fries inside the burrito.
The restaurant is a little cram and they are super popular so their flow is pretty constant.
You are better off ordering ahead or ordering to go.
The parking lot is a bit of a hassle especially during dinner time because of their close proximity to Panda Express and Subway.
My biggest issue though is the rude staff unfortunately, my rating is based on taste and food quality.
I really don't appreciate it when the cashier lady is talking about "poison" and "what's good for them" in Spanish, not cool in my book when you're ordering food.

Great food at good prices.
Carne Asada burrito is very good as are the fish tacos.
Reason for leaving off two stars was the unfriendliness of the employees.
Seems they are doing you a favor and don't want to be there.

Fausto's is the best.
It's always delicious and fresh whether I get a burrito, nachos, or carne asada fries.
My only regret is I don't live closer lol ;)

