Recycle your shoes here and get an additional 10% off your purchase.
I prefer this store to the one (although it's smaller) at Las Vegas Outlet Center (formerly Belz), mainly for womens selection.
I've found several pairs of shoes here- comfy ones (sporty mules) that I took to Hawaii, for what seemed endless hours of walking in Waikiki.
Quality shoes at great prices (clearance priced located in the back with color denoting stickers to indicate additional discount level 50%/60%/70% off).
Also, boots, clothing, and accessories (socks, gloves, belts, etc.
) available here.
Sometimes, the benches are completely taken up, but there are mirrors to see how the shoes/boots look.
One of the few stores where the security guard (dressed in a black suit, ala secret service- esque) is just standing at the door.

Came by here and actually was able to snag a great deal for a pair of shoes for my dad.
At 70% off, the price of the shoes dropped to $37 so dollars with tax.
Besides the men's collection, there are also shoes for women and for kids.
I was pleasantly surprised by the service here.
Someone helped me look for additional sizes, too.
:-)  Will definitely return again if I find myself here.

Ich liebe Timberland!
Obwohl ich das absolute Gegenteil vom Shopper-Typ bin, ein Timberland-Laden zieht mich immer wie ein Magnet an.
So auch hier  ich konnte nicht anders.
Ob es nun Schuhe, Taschen, Kleidungsstücke oder sonstiges von Timberland ist, alles fasziniert mich. Sowohl vom Design, vor allem aber wegen der Qualität.
Und so dauerte es nicht lange, bis ich etwas fand, was unbedingt zu mir wollte.
Wenn dann an dem Artikel-Preis von $ 105 auch noch 40 % off steht, ja dann gibt es doch gar keine Alternative als zuzuschlagen.
Es waren Schuhe.
Mit Sales Tax löhnte ich $ 68,10 und die Rechnung lobte mich: You saved $ 42.
Timberland in einem Outlet heißt Einkaufen ohne Risiko.
Es gibt keine Möglichkeit, ein Timberland-Produkt günstiger zu erstehen.
Mit weltweiter Garantie.
Timberland-Läden vermitteln immer ein angenehmes Ambiente, die Einrichtung fördert geradezu das Kaufverhalten der Kunden, sich dem zu entziehen fällt schwer.
Und der Service wie fast überall in den Staaten exzellent.
Fazit: Bei dieser Liebe sind fünf Sterne eine Selbstverständlichkeit.
Gerne komme ich wieder und lade Vegas-Besucher ein, eine Stippvisite hierher zu machen (für dieses Lob bekomme ich von Timberland keinerlei Umsatzbeteiligung!

I like it here, limited selection, but an open air mall around it makes it nice.

