I have lived in Henderson Nevada my entire life so I have driven by this cute little flower shop numerous times.
My senior prom I got my crosage from here and now I have got my wedding flowers from here.
The owner of this place is really sweet and knows the flower buisness very well.
I came in the shop with a handful of pictures for ideas on how I wanted the centerpieces, arch, and boquets to look.
She delievered the flowers to the location of the wedding on time and the flowers were STUNNING.
It was everything I wanted and more.
I was amazed at how beautiful they were.
She really put a lot of time, effort and love into these flowers.
If you are looking for a place to get flowers from THIS is the place to go.
It was well worth every penny spent.

I called 45 minutes before the shop closed, and asked about getting a bridal bouquet for my mother-in-law.
I was greeted cheerfully on the phone, and ordered my bouquet.
I was able to pick it up only an hour after they opened in the morning!
Now that is excellent service.
The shop is absolutely beautiful inside and out.
Beautiful gifts, other than flowers too.

I purchased almost $200 in flowers from the shop for valentines day 2013.
The 1st flower delivery was 7 hours early which meant before she was even at work(that was ruined) & the second set of flowers was delivered fine but did not look like the picture I picked whatsoever.
I picked the bejeweled beauty which is suppose to come in a purple vase, it came in a white vase with all pink flowers instead of what should of been in it, purple.
I would not recommend this shop to anyone I know nor will I ever be back in there.
To too it off, customer service was horrible & did absolutely nothing to fix the problem!

Worst experience ever!!!!
Ordered my Mother's Day flowers 4 days in advance, specifically requested they be delivered by noon and paid well over $100 for them.
This florist not only did not deliver the flowers but when I called to check on the order at 5pm, they hung up on me twice, place me on hold 4 different times for over 30 mins, requested to call me back because they had no idea what happened to my order, then never called me back!!!!!!
When I finally called them back the they insisted I did not request a morning delivery and still had no idea about the status of my order!
When I requested a refund they screamed at me and hung up on me once again?!?!?!?!?!?
I had to dispute the charges with my credit card company and they ruined Mother's Day!

I just purchased Mothers Day flowers and the ladies at the shop were amazing!
Not only were the flowers beautiful, but during this busy weekend they spent time with me helping me to select the perfect arrangement.
It was delivered right on time.
Even the delivery girl was pleasant and helpful.
I highly recommend this shop, they are fast and their work is the highest quality.
Thank you for making my mom happy!

They did a wonderful job on helping us make a corsage for my sons date to homecoming.
I had called 3 other florists nearby that either wouldn't or couldn't make one before finding A Country Rose.
Will definitely be back!

Ordered a bouquet of flowers for my sis-in-law who lives in Henderson, using Teleflora.com.
A Country Rose was the florist chosen by Teleflora to make and deliver the bouquet.
After a less-than-satisfactory previous order through Teleflora (and a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT FLORIST), I was beyond thrilled with what A Country Rose provided!
I chosed the $100 "Deal of the Day" bouquet and it was lush and beautiful, and loved the vase they used, too!

Called 1 week before the flowers were to be delivered.
The flowers never arrived and the staff had no idea what happened.
They blamed it on the guard at the gate and lied about trying to deliver the flowers and never attempted to deliver them.
Four days later the only thing that they told me was they would refund my money and hung up on me.
Paula, Pat and the deliver person Bobby were unable to help in any way.
I was unable to talk to the owner but judging from the staff this florists has some real problems.

I always get my Mother a nice sized beautiful flower arrangement for her birthday.
It is sad that a 14" tall by 8" wide arrangement was delivered.
I am pretty disappointed especially with the $20 delivery fee and it was that small.
I will NOT be ordering from this location again.
It is in the same town as my mother's home and I will go somewhere else where i can rely on a nice size arrangement being delivered.

