I had never heard of this chain before moving to Las Vegas, but it's near my home so I thought I'd give it a try.
The store is small and some times I think it could be better laid out.
Like why is popcorn near the toys and candy and not in with the junk food?
However, the advertised items are located in bins near the doors so they are easy to find.
I've noticed that the dairy and produce are always fresh, plus they have a bakery and deli in the store.
They have a savings card program where not only can you save money at the checkout, you can earn points for coupons they send out a few times a year.
When my rewards were not recieved it was easy to e-mail them about it.
Not only did they figure out the problem, some one called me personally to let me know what was going on.
All the cashiers here are very friendly and now I wouldn't think of shopping anywhere else.

I love this place and it's just as good today as the first time I walked in here.
I stopped by very early the other day to get my husband a birthday cake.
Every single employee I ran into greeted me (from the manager to the guy stocking produce) and I was only headed to the bakery section which is not too far from the entrance.
I picked a simple cake and asked them to write on it.
Well, the cake I picked had some pink frosting on it and as soon as the gal realized it was for a man she offered to go get the same cake in blue from the freezer.
How great is that?
I know my husband wouldn't have cared less but it was really awsome that the lady offered up the blue one.
Bouncing over to the ice cream I loved that the whole freezers lit up as soon as I stepped into the isle.
Maybe it was just time for the lights to go on, but it was still pretty cool, like it was just for me.
I still shop here for most of my groceries because their sales and coupon rewards are hard to beat.
The other day I was online and looking at the weekly ad, and they had a contest to design your own shopping bag.
So I did, and in return for making one online I was able to get one for free at the store.
That is way cool to me.
I love this store.

Never heard of smiths before moving to vegas and have never heard of them since moving away.
They were never too bad to me and I loved the store was so close to my house.
I do miss my late night shopping runs there but don't miss the high prices on random items such as cereal other then that friendly enough staff (unless you are shopping late, but then again serves ya right buying groceries at 2 am what do you really expect in the way of service right?
) and over all friendly atmosphere

I shop here regularly as it is very conveniently located to my home.
Generally their customer service is phenomenal and I am in and out in no time.
There is always the same lady there every time I go (I'm assuming the front end manager) and she is always helping customers find the shortest line so you don't have to wait.
It seems though that the last few times I have been there the front end employees are overwhelmed and flustered with the amount of business coming through and it becomes chaotic.
Customers are wandering around looking for lines because all of them are closed off and you can't get anyone's attention because they are being crowded with impatient customers.
I feel bad for them, actually.
Even though this has happened the last few times I have been there I still give them props because I personally know how difficult it can be to manage such an overwhelming about of business.
I still use this as my store of preference.

This is a great location.
Right near several of your shopping or eating needs.
The store is very big.
It is clean and the cashiers are fast and friendly.
What I love is the Deli.
The type of lunch meat they offer is good and they have many meats and cheeses to choose from.
The restroom is clean.
They do have a bank located inside so it is convenient but I actually found them very rude and hard to bank with and went elsewhere.

Ive tried this location a couple times now and it has yet to grow on me.
They never seem to have any produce I need when I go in, Its always crowded and the staff is not very good at interacting with and helping customers.
If you pass by the cash registers with any groceries,  staff is right there in your face asking if you are ready to check out.
I understand they are trying help out with time spent in line but my god.
All I feel like they are doing is rushing me to get out of the store.
no need to bombard me,  half the time I'm just passing to get to the other side of the store.
If im looking towards the registers and you feel I am trying to find a short line, by all means, help out a little.
but come on, I shouldn't feel rushed EVERY TIME I go into the store and I do.
SO ANNOYING.
if you're looking to enjoy your grocery shopping experience drive a little further to the 215 and aliante location.
Its so much nicer and more relaxed there.
this location is for people on the go that want to get in and out quick.
its also for the lower class customer.
people always walking around in pajama pants, slippers, hair a mess and smelly.
gross.
on one trip walking from my parking space to the front entrance, I was almost hit by two different cars pulling out of spots.
so obviously this is the store the idiot customers come too as well.
like HELLO, im literally standing directly behind your car.
MIRROR CHECK, HEAD CHECK!
the location isn't that great either.
Its not convenient at all.
its on major cross streets and the parking lot is always full of cars.
aliante and 215 location is so much better, trust me.

I like this Smith's better than any other grocery choice in my area (I currently live around Pecos and Tropical).
The produce seems fresh, and they always have what I need- with the exception to the one time I needed pantyhose and the CVS across the way was closed (don't ask).
The staff there is helpful, especially at the meat counter- I always ask for recommendations of products that look "especially good" and they always tell me what's the best deal as well as things that they've been eyeing.
They're also really helpful in recommending meats that work well in specific recipes.
AWESOME!
The only reason they get knocked a star is because I'm never able to get warm french bread when it's supposed to be out.

I have been to 4 different Smith's in Vegas and this store is the best one.
The Deli section is convenient and stocked with great items: sushi, sandwiches, green salads, roasted chicken, wraps, and macaroni salad.
They also run manager's specials and have frozen yogurt cones for 50 cents.
There is always a sale on good quality meats.
It is organized well and easy to find what you're looking for.
The water refill station is conveniently located by the exit.
The staff is just as friendly and outgoing like all the other Smith's and helpful.

