Dr. Sirsy is great !!
He takes care of both my kids .
Office is in a great location !
has a sick and well area both with play house .
remember to say hello to Jerry but don't tap glass !!

I have been going to Dr;.
Sirsy for 13 years.
I interviewed him when I was 19 and pregnant with my first daughter.
He used to be associated with St. Rose Hospitals for a while and I met him through a Baby Basics class with Nurse Shirley.
He spent 20 years or so as an ENT, and has been doing pediatrics for equally as long.
He has never been wrong.
He has several children of his own and is always patient.
My kids, 13-10-3, all love him too.
I appreciate that he has now allowed student doctors to shadow him with his appointments.
The only reason this is a 4 star and not a 5 star is because there are times when the office staff aren't at his level of professionalism.
I remember in the past having trouble with a few workers at the front, but haven't has any issues recently.
Great doctor, great location.

Dr. Sirsy is an awesome doctor.
Always answers any questions my husband and I may have.
My son has been going to Dr. Sirsy for the past two years and we love him, he is so great with my son :) The office staff is also really great, they are all so friendly and helpful.
All the girls in the office always have smiles on their faces.
Dr Sirsy's staff is very quick and efficient when calling back and they are very fast about their same day appointments.
This office has a well side with a play house as well as a sick side with a play house.
The office is also very clean.
I recommend Dr. Sirsy to everyone :) Thanks Dr Sirsy and staff for providing my family with the best care possibe.

My child was previously misdiagnosed at her old pediatricians office...  when I changed pediatricians to Dr. Sirsy I was relieved to find out that my daughter just had a tongue tie and not developmental problems.
Phew !
I really love this doctor , I cannot begin to describe the relief I felt after leaving his office.
Now she cant stop talking and singing , Thank you Dr.Sirsy !

My newborn son was in the NICU and I tried calling Dr. Sirsy more than several times over a period of a week about coordinating care so that I could get my son home.
He didn't return any of my calls.
I certainly wouldn't recommend him, ESPECIALLY if you have a sick child.

