I have gone to NSC for over a year now and love it.
I am in the Nursing Program and the teachers are great and really care about your understanding and success.
I would recommend this school to anyone who wants a great education with better than CSN quality & cheaper than UNLV prices.
The class sizes are really small and the teachers are more than willing to help you when needed.
I love the school so much both my younger brothers are going here now for Business and they love it too.

I just started here and the Administration is a MESS.
I have never gone to a school that is so disorganized in all of my academic career.
I didn't even get my financial aid processed until the week before classes started.
Hell, I'm a few days into the semester and they STILL haven't evaluated my transcripts from my old school even though they have had them for MONTHS.
Don't even get me started on financial aid reimbursements.
They are currently withholding over $2,000 worth of loans that I am entitled to because they can't figure out their damn system.
Money that I NEED to buy books and school supplies that I can't now even though I'm almost a week into classes!
I'm not going to end up falling behind before the semester even really gets going because of these clowns in administration.
Not to mention if you try to call their Financial Aid office, NO ONE EVER ANSWERS.
They don't even give you the courtesy of returning phone calls.
If I had to do it all over again I would have just gone to CSN to take my prerequisite nursing courses or UNLV to complete the program.
Students beware!
If you want to avoid the added stress of college DO NOT GO HERE!

I attended NSC as part of the transfer program to the Occupational Therapy program at Touro University.
The classes I did take there I enjoyed and I felt welcomed by the small school atmosphere.
It is easy to quickly get to know the staff and students.
I recommend taking classes in person and talking to other students about individual teaching styles to make sure they will fit for you.
Myself and several other students have worked there and it has been a nice place to work as well.
I think that some of the staff there care more about the students than the staff at larger universities.
My only other experience with colleges is with UNR which has other benefits of a flowing campus ect.
but NSC is where I think anyone is welcome whether it be a mom returning to work, a high school student looking to get ahead or someone looking to go into a specific career.

I started (did not finish) a second Bachelor's degree in nursing at NSC (I'm starting law school in Missouri in the fall... realized I didn't wanna be a nurse OR a music teacher, which is what my initial Bachelor's was in... also realized that I don't wanna have kids in Nevada).
It's not NSC's fault that I left the school, but that being said, I have definite opinions about NSC.
There were things I simultaneously loved and hated about NSC.
I had one AMAZING teacher, Dr. Duong, who knows (by his own admission) "everything about everything ever.
"  I also had a teacher who admitted going to the strip club with some of the "bros" in my class, then proceeded to give only those individuals A's.
All this to say, the teachers run the gamut.
The students seem pretty collegial, and I enjoyed the small class sizes and friendly atmosphere.
However, the school has this "ick factor" for me that I just can't put my finger on.
Maybe it's because I'm originally from a state with many more options in higher education to choose from, but this school feels like something is lacking.
I guess my expectations are too high, but if I'm paying for it (out of state tuition...
ouch!
), I have a right to an opinion.
I like what NSC is trying to do.
It's nice to have an alternative to UNLV and CSN, and contrary to what others have said, I actually had a PLEASANT time with financial aid versus any other school I've attended.
Anthony handled my case (it was complicated with loans because I already had a Bachelor's and was reaching my aggregate limit), and I have to say, I was pleased with the speed and ease of the process.
True, sometimes I would call and have to leave a message.
However, in all fairness to the staff, you can just TELL if you visit the school that it's gonna be that way.
The place is small.
It is what it is.
I have dealt with worse, that's for sure.
Overall, I think the school just has some growing pains to go through.
I don't feel like they have hit their stride just yet.
The school probably could be something fantastic, but it's just so-so right now.
It'll be interesting to see how it changes in the future, whether for the better or the worse.

I absolutely loved my experience at NSC.
The professors were amazing.
The classes were awesome.
This has a small school feeling, but it is accredited and will let you earn a degree that really means something.
The new Liberal Arts building is really nice, and the classes which I took were always perfect.
Don't hesitate to go and meet with a counselor if you are interested.
After one semester I was hooked.
Now I have my Bachelor's degree and can say that I had a wonderful education.
I was really blessed to find this place.

I am currently attending Nevada State College right now, and I love the faculty and the classes (ecspecially Lori Fazzino's Sociology 101 class) but they need to seriously work on either hiring smarter people in the financial aid office or a better computer system.
Here is my story:  In mid August, I hadn't recieved any notice about my financial aid money that was suppose to go toward my $2,000 debt for tuition.
I ended up just going to their building and being told that they were missing information needed to recieve the loan money.
Why they couldn't have told me this when I applied for enrollment or when I actually enrolled into 4 classes, is beyond me.
Isn't that just common sense.
Act 2: Late August.
I received an email stating that I recieved 2/3rds of my loan money when I was supposed to and only did recieve 1/2.
I again went to there offices and their system messed up and they sent me the rest of the money.
Awesome.
Today...this weekend I reccieved an email that I was 30 days past due on a payment.
How could that be when my loan paid for everything, because I can't afford it at the time, hence the loan!
I check myNSC and saw that I owed the school $4,085!
WHAT!
So I finally got ahold of them early today and they said that they refunded my loan!
How can they do that without communicating that to me is beyond me!
I have attended all my classes, I have As and Bs, and midterms are this week and now all that is on my mind is the fact that I have to pay the school money that I do not have!
I plan in going into their office in about 2 hours.
Hopefully it goes well.
I am beyond pissed off!
All these prolems make me wish I have spent triple the amount of money just to go to UNLV!

Nevada State College seems to be an obscure school to everyone I've come across, especially whenever I discuss my college experience to my friends whom are all attending their colleges out-of-state.
This place isn't as well known as UNLV or UNR up in the north, having been around for only a decade or so.
With that said, don't expect a typical college experience here.
You won't get your Greek life or athletics from attending this place.
There are fraternity/sorority rows, no sports teams, no sports events whatsoever, no ROTC detachments (you gotta be a cross-town student for that over at UNLV), no student union, no gym/rec center, not performing arts centers...nothing, nothing at all.
NSC is just a bunch of buildings scattered all over the place, with half of the campus being 3 miles apart from each other.
There is a 'Basic & Water' campus that you gotta drive to for some of your classes.
The majors offered at NSC aren't all that much, either.
This place is good for those who want to study something in the hard/natural sciences, healthcare, criminal justice, English, education or communications.
But for others such as engineering, visual and performing arts?
Sorry, no 'hipster' majors here.
You're better off attending UNLV or out-of-state if you can afford it.
Basically, NSC caters to those who cannot afford to go out-of-state for college or even UNLV, and offers 'practical' career paths to those wanting to a guaranteed immediate hire after gradution.
Thus, it attracts mainly folks old enough to be graduate students yet somehow haven't landed an opportunity in grad school.
In short, your classmates will most likely be people in their late 20s as well as 30s or 40s whom are all going back to school to get a second degree or so.
Most of the students around here have lived long enough to go through the 'Great Recession' of 2008, so the types of degrees they're getting here are especially tailored to churn out bright graduates and to revitalize the job market.
So yeah--no hipsters here at Nevada State.
I can't speak for other majors, but I've majored in 3 different ones and still ended up with the older crowd.
If you don't mind hanging out with these folks, then this place is for you.
However, you will be depressed here for all of your 4 years if you're looking for that 'American college town experience: MTV Spring Break-style'.
It can be hard to relate to your older-aged classmates, especially since they've already been to college themselves.
I really don't recommend this place to teens who have recently graduated high school, and are looking to experience the American College Dream that their guidance counselors have been hammering to them about.
So unless you absolutely have no means of paying for tuition to study at UNLV or elsewhere, don't go here and expect to have college frat parties, tailgating parties or so.
This place is pathetic enough to be even called a college.
Some of the 30-something year-old Stepford wives end up complaining about their 5 kids and divorced lives during class time.
Sometimes it'll feel like you're caught in an episode of Desperate Housewives or Sex and the City.
And I, falling into the traditional college age bracket of 18-24, find such gossip to be annoying.
I expect better from students whom are older than me...but I digress.
Perhaps there's something about being back in college for the 2nd time that makes them want to feel young again and relate to us college-aged folks...no, I could care less about your 3-year old puking on the carpets of your bungalow or your ex-husband doing whatever--I'm too young to even think about having kids yet or worrying about ex-husbands!
I'd rather spend my college days living large and supporting sports teams, you know?
So if you're into all that kind of gossip, then this college is for you.
Education wise, NSC is pretty decent--it's definitely better than CSN and slightly better than UNLV.
The class sizes at NSC are always small, with the largest being no bigger than 40 students.
You will get to know your instructors here, and I highly recommend that you do because you will end up seeing some of your upper-division ones more than once.
This is great for obtaining letters of recommendation for graduate school or having references for job hunting.
Most of my professors here have been amazing, and they do care about you a lot.
There are some who are stricter than others, so if you're the type to slack off, then it will definitely be a problem.
There's only a few duds I've come across, mainly disorganized peeps who just shouldn't teach at all.
But other than that, every instructor here is driven to help you succeed in your academic endeavor.
Overall, NSC is a decent place for those on a budget.
However, its degree offerings are limited.
So if you want to major in the arts, engineering, philosophy, hotel/hospitality management, etc.
and/or want the traditional college experience, then look elsewhere for that.

Super duper small campus, and I am sure with time that will change!
So far the staff has been very helpful and really nice.
It is a pain I can't get the bio class I need at CSN, but it is fantastic to be able to stay on track by picking up that class here.
So yes I am a fan, and I will keep picking up classes here if I can't get them at CSN.
Thanks Nevada State College, for helping me stay on track to graduate on time!

Corey is a rock star!
Had a bit of a glitch with one of my grants and Corey was very, very helpful!
He got me back on track in record time!
It is nice to know there are real people out there in the world that are willing to go the extra mile and help you out..

This is an amazing school with great professors and people working.
The only problem I have with it is the lack of parking.
If a new parking lot was opened I would be happy to pay for parking and I would give it five stars!

Bio 189 rocks.
Great class.
This weeks lab was fetal pig dissection, important for medical students.. Lots to learn!

Yelp 100 Challenge 14' * 29/100  Quaint new-ish campus located south of Las Vegas with open views of bare mountains and an absence of the glam city vibe.
College students who aren't in luck with registering for their desired course at the local community college for summer or think UNLV fees are a little too burdensome on the wallet, Nevada State is a great go-to.
Because it's so new, rest assured the campus is spotless, if not what I would call a little sparse.
It's quite a walk to get from one building to another.
Plenty of comfy couches at the Liberal Arts and Science building for studying and a balcony on the first floor that overlooks the city.
As far as the classes go, I appreciate the small class size which is particularly important for an organic chemistry course.
The professor is very hands on and is able to give personal attention to students.
I do not know about getting a bachelor's degree here but have had a number of nursing friends who got hired right after graduating and passing their NCLEX with flying colors.
If there should be a concern, it's getting here that may pose as an inconvenience for many.
In the meantime, while I wait to take my roadtest, I still have to take the bus here - 3 buses to be exact.
So you can imagine how early I have to be out of the house just to make it in time for my 8am class.
What this boils down to is that NSC gets a two thumbs up from me.
I got really ecstatic when this family of Gambel's Quails came teetering behind me at the stop.
So this is where they reside!

