When we go out to Henderson, which is about 3 - 6 times a year, we usually make sure we stop at the Joker's for a spell.
They definitely have the BEST MARGARITAS.
I also love that they have a little snack bar by the bar that serves shrimp cocktails and pretzels.
By the way, the shrimp cocktail w/sauce is fantastic.
We used to eat here all the time but they were going through some transition and it's just wasn't as good.
Now they are on the ball.
The jokers features a lot of penny games for the cheapskates and the ladies come around with the drinks........which is always tops in my book.
There is a live band on the weekends that is usually pretty good.
This is a fun place to relax, eat and gamble.
No frills.

I like Joker's Wild casino.
I had a lot of fun here and did all right.
The staff are friendly, helpful, and timely.
My one complaint is that when I got a Prime Rewards card, the woman who did it for me the first time royally screwed it up.
She totally missed my first name and misspelled my last name.
I didn't notice at first, but when I did, it was fixed promptly.
That said, when I initially went to get it fixed, I ended up at the window of the woman who messed my card up and when I explained what was going on, she acted like she didn't know what was going on or what to do.
Thankfully, another woman who knew what she was doing was there and was able to help me.
The restaurant there is also pretty nice.
The food I had there was decent and tasted good.

This is Heaven in Las Vegas for low rollers.
$1 craps?
Hilariously fun!
After dropping hundreds over the years on the strip/downdown/off-strip casinos on craps, I can come here and drop $20-$40 and feel like a boss.
Sign up for the comp club?
Get a 6-pack of Pepsi.
BALLERS!
Food in this place?
Don't know, don't care.
The cheap gambling and decent drinks are worth it.
This place is owned by Boyds Gambling and Boyds is my favorite chain.
I just wish they would convert Joker's Wild's comp club to Bconnected.
I could sure use some additional tier points on my Bconnected card.
Anyways, back to the review.
Stop in if you're on Boulder Highway.
Staying at Sam's Town, E Cannery or Boulder Station?
Then you MUST come here!
Poseidon the God of the Sea commands you!

If you're looking for a AAA 5 diamond place, then this place isn't for you.
It's an older establishment (by Vegas standards,) but the $1 Craps table is what has me stopping by occasionally.
The place is owned by Boyd Gaming (Sam's Town, The Orleans) and the dealers are friendly enough as well as the Pit Staff.
Slots are generally of the older style, with video poker slots dominating the floor.
There are a few newer slots, but they're certainly not the centerpiece.
I would recommend this place if you're into cheap table games, don't mind the smell of smoke mixed with geriatric generality, you'll be ok and enjoy yourself.

This one is actually for the take out joint next to the bar in the back, called the pigskin snack and sports bar.
Was driving around in the area seeing if there was any hidden gems in this area.
Saw they sign that advertised "25 cent chicken wings".
Couldn't pass this one up.
Wish I did.
Chicken wings - when i ordered them the guy at the snack bar said "ok, hold on for a second while I grab them for you" I was thinking "oh no, they've been probably been sitting under a heat lamp few hours".
And that is exactly how they tasted.
What was even worse was that they had a slight woody smell.
That's a sign that the vessel that was holding the wings hasn't been cleaned in a very long time.
Ate 2 of 8 of them, against my better judgement.
Threw the rest away.
Yea, they were that bad.
I gave them an extra star because I didn't spend too much money, like 2 bucks for 8 wings but you could get better stuff at a walmart, which says a lot.

$1 craps.
Nice dealers.
Can't complain.
If you want fanciness and pretentious fakes keep moving.

A nice place for locals to go for cheap breakfast!

Strictly speaking of the food in the cafe....
The blueplate specials for $8 bucks are great!!!
They come with the soup and salad bar too, and it is a great salad bar (remember this is not the Wynn, but a locals' hole in the wall casino with old carpet).
I make a meal from the soup (2 types daily) and salad bar (with fresh fruit for dessert), and then take the entree home for a later snack.
Do not expect trendy, expect a great value for price paid and a friendly staff.
Dessert specials every month for $2.

I'll be back!
It smells like old vegas and I love it.
Friendly dealers, plenty of old slots; I hate the new ones; and my friend got regular cocktail service, even at a 15 cent slot machine!
I think the only thing that slowed him was his liver recouperating from the previous casino

Another great dive casino off the strip, full of locals, with great food specials.

I hadn't been here for awhile but it's stil the same.
Good food; above average service; and priced right.
I had the ground sirloin and it was cooked the way that I ordered it.
Soup and salad bar is more than adequate and the New England Clam Chowder is really good.
I had french fries with gravey on them, love em that way, For pretty good food at a reasonable price, this place is a must.

Best Dive Casino!
We came here on a Tuesday morning and ordered off their specials.
- 4 dueces, 2.89 2 eggs, 2 bacon, 2 sausage, toast and french toast  - Belgium waffles, 3.99 For becoming a new member, I got a $10 food voucher.
- Just like El Dorado Casino, next to the Waterfront, but more spacious.
- Food is excellent for the price.
- Service is faster than El Dorado.
We got seated and got the check right away!
- Forget making breakfast at home.
Just come here.
- Tables are open in the morning.
You don't have to wait until end of the afternoon like Club Fortune or El Dorado to play $3 blackjack or Craps.
- Minimum for place bets are $1.50 for 6 and 8 but at Club Fortune it's $3.

I had a hilarious visit here a few years ago.
Note that while it is a Boyd Gaming property, they have their own separate player's club, so the B Connected card is null and void here.
As some of the other reviewers have pointed out, this place is a total local's dive.
I was pretty astounded at the number of elderly folks with oxygen tanks rolling around, with a few of the diehards even boasting that they were permanently wired directly into them...all while huffing down a box of Marlboro Reds without batting an eye!
I was playing a round in the poker room and won.
All of a sudden, someone jumped up and yelled, "You just beat Tom!
NOBODY ever beats Tom!
"  Tom was apparently one of the diehard locals, and was so ticked off, he got up and left without saying a word, with his oxygen tank in tow directly behind him.
Classic!

Just good food very cheap.
The staff loves my son and we have been coming here since I moved to Henderson in 1996.
Good local place to eat.
We love Frank the drink guy!

