Decent service, decent food.
I come here when in the area and have always thpught they were super fast & efficient.
FAST food doesnt get much better than this!

Wendy's has improved their quality of late and this location has made it onto our short list of "fail-safe" weekend or late night food options.
Speed: Typically faster than most Wendy's locations, with 2 out of 10 times I have to pull forward to wait for my food.
Attention to detail: Beware, this location has an issue with drink cup lids coming off because they didn't press them on and make sure they're on.
Service: Why yes, I want to order fries and apple slices with the kids meal.
This location asks more than the rest if I'm sure.
Yes I'm sure, I asked for it, I have a debit card in hand, do you not want to take my money?
Repeat after me: french fries and a side of apple slices.
See, that wasn't so hard now was it?
Cleanliness: When you look in the drive through window the place doesn't look like a shrine to lard like some places do.
(Including the Wendy's at Marks and Sunset which just looks icky).
I usually use the drive through, the inside seating area is typically clean but it's also dated and in serious need of a refresh.
Overall 3 Stars: Since we don't have Chick-Fil-A here, if you like a spicy chicken sandwich you make do with what you have.

Today was probably the best drive thru experience that I have ever had.
The woman working today was so polite!
I almost died of shock!.
Can't go wrong with the chilli, spicy chicken nuggets and a small .99 frosty!
Lunch cost me $5.05 today.

Their drive thru service at night is horrible.
The lady was being rude to us and gave us hard chicken nuggets that were like rocks.
I'm never going back to that place.

Ugh.
So disappointed.
My guy went and got spicy chicken nuggets, frosty's , fries and a cod sandwich.
When he got home, the chicken peices were as hard as a rock, with absolutely no flavor.
I've never had a problem with Wendy's..
I'm pretty shocked.
The fries were just meh.
Not crispy enough for my liking.

