I have to agree with Elle T. WTF was I thinking?
These doucebags are smack dab in the middle of crack ville which they fail to mention on their website, of course and they WOULDN'[T LET ME IN WITHOUT A PASSPORT - screw them!
As much as I hate to admit this I was terrified being in this stink hole 'hood with night approaching, so I walked in to the yes *gasp!
* Western hotel and the rooms were actually NICER then the nasty casino area and it was private with my own bathroom.
And cost $25.

When I moved to Las Vegas I had planned on crashing at the hostel while I found an apartment.
This place was one of the most uncomfortable hostels I ever stayed it.
The pool area is kinda cool in a desperate 3rd world apocolyptic party kind of way, but the rest of the place is 3rd world and apocolyptic without the party.
Bad neighborhood, thin mattresses.
You are better off spending the extra money staying anywhere else.

seriously don't stay here if you can help it.
I guess whoever owns this place hires people on a regular basis, people who are coming and going.
Example: they will hire someone who is staying in the city for 2 weeks and in exchange they get free room and board.
So these are the people who are in "charge" when you stay at this place.
Not very experienced people.
So first of all their "gated parking" is indeed gated, but it's the kind that you actually have to physically lock yourself...like pull open the gate and lock it every time you move your car.
Which is better than no gated parking i guess because it's pretty ghetto over there.
I saw hookers walking around with their tits out, got solicited  for sex several times just trying to walk up to fremont (not wearing anything sexual at all), and also was asked repetitively if i wanted to buy crack...seriously.
This I could deal with...i kind of expected it actually, you are only paying $18 a night.
But i didn't expect for one of the hostel managers to beat the shit out of someone in the room above me at 3am, because he hadn't payed his rent on time.
I listened to the hostel manager beat the crap out of someone for about an hour and a half before the cops showed up to take them both to jail.
It was absolutely terrifying since it sounded like one of them was going to die.
I changed hotel rooms the next day...the golden nugget was only $45 a night, $25 bucks more than what i was paying to stay at that place.
So if you can help it do not stay there, it's dangerous and it really doesn't cost too much more to stay at a best western or some other cheap place.
If you really can't afford to go somewhere else, at least you've been warned.

