Jeff is AMAZING!
Has an amazing selection, but best of all they custom design whatever you can dream of.
He made my wife's wedding ring and it is amazing.
Easy to deal with as well.
Jeff made us feel like we were his only customers whenever we were there and continues to treat us like royalty even though we may not be big spenders like some of his clients.

Went in for the Rhodium special.
Entire staff was very helpful and friendly.
Both rings came out fantastic.
I will continue to take our rings here.

I have a Cartier Love bracelet and wanted to add diamonds to the bracelet but have been very apprehensive about having it done because fearing that a jeweler would ruin the bracelet.
I happened to be passing by Jeff's store and decided to talk to him about modifying my bracelet.
He was professional and very knowledgable, I decided to have him do the work.
I was told that the bracelet would be completed in 3 weeks.
A little over a week passed and I received a call to let me know the job was complete.
I was nervous that my bracelet might not look good.
To my surprise the bracelet looks beautiful and couldn't have expected a better job.
The man is a craftsman.
Beautiful precision work and highly recommend his services to anyone looking for a jeweler.
Thanks you rock

I bought my wife's engagement ring from here and they made the experience so easy as they were very experienced and knowledgeble.
They are very nice, have a great selection, and I definitely recommend them to anyone looking for quality jewelry.

Worked with Daniel to reset the ring my fiancé originally gave me.
He did an amazing job making the ring look exactly the way I wanted it to, sending us the design after putting all the info into their CAD program.
My fiancé and I had gone to a few different places for prices and only at Jeff White did they actually sit down and show us what the ring would look like and tell us how much it would cost and size me.
Stayed in contact with us to let us know how much longer it was going to take after the process started.
Ring was done within a few weeks and looked perfect when my fiancé picked it up.
I would definitely recommend Jeff White for custom designs and can't wait to work with them again!

Very helpful and refreshing to find a business in Las Vegas that still understands building relationships.
Brought in  watch,band needed to be replaced,total cost?
ZERO..I about fell on the floor.
Another example of mom and pop vs corporate mediocrity.
There is a reason this store has been around for so many years.
If I can I will give them whatever business I can.
(Corporate mentality ,take note...this is how you build loyalty).

Jeff and His son are Amazing, I wouldn't go anywhere else for my Jewelry.
They are so nice and helpful.
Most importantly the Jewelry Is great.
We got our engagement ring and wedding bands there and have been more then satisfied.
They really care about there customers and Recommend everyone to check them out.

I needed a ring resized and a friend of mine recommend Jeff White.
Quality people and quality work.
Now I'm recommending them to all of my friends too!
Fantastic jeweler!

