I haven't had a pet since I moved out here with my lifestyle and travel I felt would not accommodate a pet.
Two years ago one of my neighbors left behind a cat when they moved out (so sad please nobody ever do this) The average life span on a stray Cat is 2 to 6 years although statistics will vary.
This poor little guy came up to me after awhile and was so hungry I fed him, needless to say we adopted each other.
I needed to find a vet and get him checked out, a friend refered me to Sunrise Vet Clinic, Dr Henderson.
It is a older clinic but if the Dr is good I don't mind.
He was so nice, kind and gentle to my kitty.
So I recently had a abscess on my KitCat I've never seen that before so I texted my friend she gave me the number to call of the receptionist she returned my call off hours (I dont know if this is normal) she made a appt for before opening hours to get KitCat in to get help.
Again he was so kind and gentle my cat wasn't even scared while he was being examined.
They have been very understanding about payments and let you know about the options of different drugs and prices of them before you pay.
The clinic is out of my way and a bit older but nicely kept and the people who work there are amazing.
I think it is worth it for my new best friend and his comfort.
I will definitely be back with my KitCat

I was referred by a friend to Sunrise Vet Clinic.
The clinic is in a bad neighborhood and the building is run down.
I have been multiple times and never saw Dr. Henderson.
I have always been pleased by the service of the other Vets in the office.
After dealing with Dr. Henderson we will never go back again.
He never listened to what I told him about my dogs.
I told the Dr. Henderson multiple times one of my dogs was abused and may bite if you do not let him sniff you first, and to not come up from behind him.
Due to his horrible bedside manner and lack of listening skills my dog snapped at Dr. Henderson when he came up from behind my dog and grabbed him by the mouth.
Dr. Henderson called him a bad dog and walked out of the room.
Not only did I warn Dr. Henderson, but this is notated all over my dog's chart that he may bite if nervous.
My dog has never done this with any other vet in the office because they take the time the time to let him warm up to them.

Dr. Henderson and his staff are all amazing.
I brought in my beagle because we suspected she had bladder cancer but fortunately she didn't.
Dr. Henderson is truly concerned about the animals under his care and I can tell that his staff is too.
I had a family member recommend this vet to me because she has a lot of cats, and she's been to most vets in Vegas and Dr. Henderson is undoubtedly the very best.
I recommend him to anyone with a cat or dog, and I can't sing his praises well enough.
EDIT: I posted this review about a year ago.
Jenny turned out to have cancer lower in her urinary tract which was extremely hard to detect, and impossible to treat without causing her huge amounts of pain.
The staff and Dr. Henderson were the absolute best, I've taken animals to vets in the past and Dr. Henderson and the staff were without question the nicest and most caring + competent veterinary people I've ever seen.
When I decide to get another dog in the future and if they need to visit a vet, I will definitely choose Dr. Henderson and his staff!

I will never go here again!
I took our family dog here to get put down because she had cancer.
When we walked in, the guy at the front asked what we were in for.
After I told him, he asked if we had arrangements after the dog was put down.
We already had a place who was going to come pick up our dog and take her to be cremated.
I asked if he had spoken to them, he got an attitude and replied, "We have our own place that we deal with so no.
You have to make those arrangements before you get here.
Do you even KNOW your arrangements?
Are they getting her today or is she just going to sit here?
" I was in awe.
I told him hold on and I'll deal with it.
I was pissed!
There was no reason for the attitude.
He was just annoyed because he actually had to work and couldn't sit on his cell phone like he was the entire time.
When I took her in the room the doctor was very brief.
Didn't ask or talk much at all.
He only told me what they were going to do.
He have her a shot then left.
My dog started to freak out & it scared me!
The doctor came back with a woman and put my dog on the table to finally put her down.
When he was giving her the shot, he said "Kiss her goodbye because she is about to die.
"  The guy at the desk told me he talked to the pet cemetery & told me they were on the way.
After she was put down, he then told me they closed & that they would be there the next day or Monday!!!
This was last Thursday.
We just got her back from being cremated.
Worst experience ever.
The guy at the front was a TOTAL jerk.
He sat on his cell phone with his feet up on the desk the entire time.
When I called, they told me one price but when I got there it was completely different!
If my dog wasn't in complete misery, I would've taken her somewhere else!
After they put my dog down, they walked out and I could hear them all talking and laughing.
No respect whatsoever.
I will NEVER recommend this place!
Rude staff, careless vet.
You can tell they don't love their jobs like most vets!
The place was very cheap looking and run down.
I feel so terrible for taking my poor dog here!

The receptionist (Jesse) seemed a bit distracted or maybe apathetic, but the two nurses and the doctor more than made up for his lack of sparkle.
My girls haven't been to the vet in a while, and no one made me feel bad about it.
They were kind and gentle to my girls, and very patient with their nervous mother.
The cost was on the lower end to comparable services in area, and the business is long-established.
Photos of family, friends, colleagues, and records of accomplishment can be viewed around the waiting area.
The art in the exam room was a satire cartoon of cats as Norman and Norma Bates, I think.. so I am presuming this vet has a cynical side.
I am digging it.
We found our neighborhood vet!

