The sign for this place is what drew me in initially.
In small letters it reads, "Stateside Lounge.
" In much larger text it reads, "Just One More.
" Well, I just had a few beers up the street, certainly I can have Just One More!!
lol   Like most shady places the first thing you notice is the smell, but like most smells you quickly acclimate to it.
The second thing you'll notice is how dangerously wobbly the fans are (safety is no laughing matter and thus the 1 star deduction).
I would not recommend sitting directly below them.
Here's what I like about this place:  It's one of the few bars in Vegas to have a Shake-a-day/Shake-a-Shift game, and this one has pretty generous rules.
We went there once with eight people and five of us wound up with free drinks.
In fact I don't think I've even been there and had someone in our party not get a free drink.
Guess I'll have to keep playing to win the jack pot.
Free popcorn.
Yeah, it's free, that's a good price.
Sometimes they'll also bring out random food from the back too.
More free stuff!
:)   Judging by the number of teeth and quantity of pock marks, the bartender has probably been doing meth for quite a while, but that just makes this place all the more cozier!
And if it wasn't cozy enough, the last time I was there some woman with even fewer teeth started dry humping my leg to beat of Huey Lewis on the juke box.
Hey, I'll take what I can get.

Went to this place while in Vegas for March Madness.
Had a buddy who was there as well that weekend and we needed a golden tee fix.
Might as well gamble on that in vegas too, right??
As the story goes, we took a long cab ride, but this place was SO worth it.
Drinks were about 90% cheaper than the strip and were strong.
Doubles were ordered for an extra BUCK, and were not needed, these were strong drinks.
Staff were very friendly and didnt have the "anti-tourist" attitude.
The golden tee game was in good shape and it was a real neighborhood bar.
Food was lacking, but then all of a sudden a relative of the owner (who apparently is a cook on the strip at one of the major hotels) brings a slab of ribs, potatoes and other assorted food - for free.
Long cab ride back, but will be making the trip again this year, and making this a stop while in town.

My friend and I came here after the baseball game at Cashman Field since it was nearby.
She said if you show your ticket stub, you buy one drink, get one free.
I was a bit buzzed so I agreed.
If I was sober, I probably would not have agreed since this bar is located in a sketchy neighborhood.
I live in the nice part of Vegas so I'm a snob.
lol.
The patrons were really friendly and we met some interesting characters.
The bartender was nice too and even put an frozen water bottle in our pitcher to keep the beer cold.
Fun time drinking in North Vegas with the interesting characters!

Screw it, 5 stars!
Wound up here on St. Paddy's day.
Glanced up from my walk and noticed the $1.50 Hamm's banner above the door.
Oh hell yeah!
Imma git me some Hamm's for sure!
GF and I bellied up to the bar and were quickly offered some jello shots from the guy sitting next to us.
He brought his own cooler in.
Sweet!
The only thing better than jello shots is free jello shots.
The guy sitting on the other side of us wasn't doing so well.
Judging by the look in his eye and the amount of food on his face I'd say he'd been there for the better part of the day.
Within about 10 minutes he obviously got a little case of the "sleepies.
"  He shuffled over to the pool table and crawled underneath for a cat nap.
His legs didn't quite make it all the way under the table so the bar manager gave him a little encouragement with some loud words and a swift kick to the ankles.
Classic!
St. Paddy's day wouldn't be complete without some bland boiled food and this year was no exception.
The stateside was serving up free corned beef and cabbage.
Even though we just woofed down some pizza up the street I couldn't pass up a small plate.
We enjoyed some free shuffleboard, a few more Hamm's and called it a day.
I've been in here several times and not once did I leave without feeling truly certain that I had made the right decision when choosing a watering hole.
Thanks Stateside!

