great auto shop,  its cheap but the work done isnt, these guys are good at what they do.
i had two catalytic converters put in and a muffler and it only took them about an hour.
ill be going back here.

Ive been going here for 4 years now.
They did exhaust on my: 03 ram 05 ram 01 ranger Every time I went there they took care of my truck like it was their own.
I highly recommend!

These guys are the best in town!!
By far...
I have had my cars worked on here for years...
The quality and craftsmanship is superior.
Highly recommend

I'm 60 years old.....an old guy..lol   these Kids ..and I say that just cause I'm old.. are the REAL deal !!!
had new pipe and muffler replace.... didn't try to up sale me..or..anything...Just found the problem and gave me a great price and had it done in less than an hour !!!
Some of the best service I have ever had !!!
Great Job Guys !!
I hope the owner knows how good you guys are !!
Thanks So Much !!!
Will tell all my friends :)

I wanted a REAL diagnosis of whether my cat needed to be replaced.
& was willing to pay to have it done (if cat didn't need work).
I called night before to make sure they weren't slammed; arrived 1/2 hour before open & then was told it would be several hours before a diagnosis could be done.
Advised that i should rely on check engine code & get cat replaced (which could be done right away).
I know that salvage value of cats (because of precious materials inside) is high, so there's an incentive to replace them.
Everyone has to make a living, but the way I was treated is unfair to those of us who need to work.
I had mentioned to two friends that I'd been referred to this place; I've since called them & said that they need to get issue diagnosed somewhere else.

Dope shop

I took my truck there this Saturday.
I knew better than to just drop in and expect help right away (Come on it was Saturday....DUH) So I fully planned on leaving it there as long as they needed.
They did great welding work, and even hunted down an oil leak that has been hiding from me for months.
Extremely fair price, and my beloved truck runs great.
These guys know their stuff.
There's a better place for kids to spend an afternoon than a custom muffler shop with no appointment.

I don't know squat about cars but when I brought my baby into the shop I was welcomed by genuine people.
I was in and out within two hours at a great price.
These guys are the real deal!

These guys took care of my caprice.
Installed my Cherry Bomb Glasspack that I bought off Amazon.
They fabricated the tailpipe so the Chevy tip would come out behind the rear passenger tire.
Fully satisfied.
Will be back to finish duels & possibly the headers.

This muffler shops my favorite in town ...
I've tried others but these guys are cheaper and do better work ...
I've brought every vehicle I've owned to them and no one can beat there prices or quality of work .
Sometimes you'll have to wait longer than expected but for the savings in cash and the quality of craftsmanship I don't mind a wait

I wanted to get an exhaust put on my truck but thought it would be super expensive.
Called, got a quote & it wasn't.
Took my truck in on a Friday evening & was out the door in less than an hour & a half.
Told the guy at the desk I wanted something aggressive but not overwhelming on the freeway.
He made a good recommendation & that's what I got.
With hidden exhaust, which I wanted as per my quote, & tax, I paid less than $200.

