They got EVERYTHING at this location..thanks for helping with my trip!

Except for the in and out part with the median on Las Vegas Boulevard, this is an OK Walgreens.
I was in the area today and needed to get a birthday card for a relative.
This was a quick stop involving one U-turn, but it was OK.
The store was very clean and well lit.
They have a whole bunch of souvenirs for the city so this would be a good stop for those who are in this part of town and want to get some inexpensive t-shirts or shot glasses.

This Walgreen's store is a gem in d.t.
Las Vegas.
Mike and staff in the pharmacy dept deserve special thanks from so many people he and his staff have gone way out of their way to assist and inform.
On my last visit to the pharmacy (01/09/12), was a sight to marvel at as well as to behold.
I was a "walk in" client with two prescriptions that had to be filled in 15 mins.
If they weren't done in that amount of time, my scheduled medical transportation would have had to leave.
This would have meant that I would have had to  reschedule my transportation and I would have had to wait for at least an hour until my next transportation would have been available.
While I was waiting for my prescription to be completed, another client "walked in" that needed her prescription filled in 5 minutes or she would have been late for work.
There was yet a 3rd client at the counter that was receiving his completed prescription that Mike was nice enough to ensure that the client knew everything about his medication as well as how to correctly take it.. Mike was also nice enough to socialize with this man briefly making him laugh as well as asking him was everything okay in general.
There was yet another client who was a "walk in" with another prescription that needed to be done.
Mike and his staff took care of all of us in 15 mins!!!!!.
All of us we're extremely grateful for what his department did in that amount of time.
I recently transferred all of my business from another pharmacy to this Walgreen's.
I am extremely grateful that i did!!!
In general, every time I have gone in this store, it is clean the aisles are uncluttered and the staff are always cordial and helpful.
When I'm at other stores/pharmacies passing by the counter area and I see disinterested staff with "attitudes", customers in line complaining, and products almost shoved at clients without a thank you or an hello, I think of this Walgreen's and the professionalism as well as general cordiality and I literally want to drop to my knees in thanks that mine as well as all the other people who visit this store for services do not have anywhere near the awful experiences of these other stores that I've seen with inexcusable customer service.
If you are one of the "many" out there who are fed up with your pharmacy/store, I would strongly advise you to switch stores immediately!!!!
Like I and so many like me have.
Believe me, you won't regret it!!

When I stay in Vegas, I tend to stay downtown, and the Walgreens at the end of the Fremont Experience is where I end up when purchasing little things to use on my trip.
This time around, I forgot to bring a charger for my iphone in the rental car, but they sold a USB charger than plugs into the cigarette lighter plug, for $5.
They also have assorted snacks, water, drinks, sunscreen.
etc.
The location is convenient if you're staying downtown.
The customer service was usually pretty friendly more than 50% of the time.

Its a busy Walgreen but the staff is friendly and know me by name, so here's a pro tip.
If the line at the front of the shop is crazy long, check the cash register in the beauty section, if the clerk isn't there, she'll be restocking a makeup shelf, so ask her if she can ring you threw.
then you'll be out the store and waving good by to the line chumps before you know it.

Needed antibiotics and the cost was $80 for 14 generic pills.
At home the normal cost is less than half that.
Definitely paying for a pharmacy that located downtown & nearby many hotels.

its convenient being downtown but the pharmacy itself literally closes at 5pm everyday and the prices are at least $2-3 more than a regular walgreens that you would find elsewhere.

Walgreens is Walgreens but it annoys me that their prices are higher here than at other stores.
I understand that 4th and Fremont is a big tourist area but locals go there as well.
It's just annoying.

They are immensely incompetent at this location -- as they are at others -- and have no qualms forgetting to conceal it.
It must be a thing at Walgreens.
Yeah, just following S.O.P.
here.
They get the most incompetent, uselessly unhelpful, arrogantly aloof ...  And they put those individuals in the photo section.
I came here for my photos, dude.
(This goddamn Walgreens location does not even have coconut water.
What kind of establishment sells packaged drinks these days and has no coconut water?
It is Twenty thirteen, assholes!
)  I mean, I am sure, corporate says to themselves: who the fuck develops or prints out photos these days anyway?
Some asshole who needs a passport photo?
Some idiot who cannot figure out how to do it himself at home from their own printer?
Fuck them.
"Ah, fuck 'em," another corporate fatcat -- invited to attend important meetings exclusively to parrot and be a general yes-man -- reiterates.
"Put the employee that is half a point from being fired in every photo section at every Walgreens.
Make it policy.
Standard Operating Policy.
"  "And, get rid of the fucking coconut water.
It is a fad.
(Instead, have dozens of different flavours of that flavoured-water shit that just came out.
Profit margin is better.
)"   Thanks for not printing my photos even though they were ordered, which you admit and confirm, and for allegedly deleting my order so I would be forced to have to place it again, Fremont Walgreens.
I hope the drunken hordes steal thousands of dollars worth of shit this quarter from you guys.
I hope another ABC Store is soon built nearby and it drives corporate into shuttering this location.
I hope someone takes a humungous horse-like shit in your toiletry aisle and opens up a baby wipe canister to wipe themselves, leaving it all for you, photo section guy, to clean up.
Where are my photos, asshole!
- E

Walgreens, right smack dab on Fremont!
I have to say this is pure genius!
It's a great location to place a Walgreens I must say!
There's nothing special about it, except the fact that it's one of the first places you'll pass while walking down Fremont.
Some employees working at walgreens might give the side eye, but that's okay because I still enjoy this Walgreens!

Feel like being followed by security or puked on by a local while you shop for Advil and shampoo this is the place.
Walgreens could make a few changes to control the free for all going down in there.
But, at the end of the day Advil is Advil - just don't plan to lolly gag and look around.

