The firm prides its self on individualized attention.
You can tell that the people here truly care about not only their cases, but also their clients!

It's a mill.
You're paying for an attorney and getting a "case manager.
"  That is a clear sign that you're not a person, just a case.
They are looking out for their bottom line.
They advertise they will get back to you in 24 hours on TV.
I've been waiting two weeks and haven't heard a thing.
Yet my emails have been confirmed as "opened and read.
"  It's a clear cut case with the employer taking full responsibility for the injury.
Do your research folks.
Your individualized attention is with a "case manager," which in most cases means a high school grad with minimal experience working in a law office.

I had a traffic accident in 2011, and was referred by a friend to the legal firm of Shook & Stone for legal representation.
During my initial interview I found Mr Stone to be dynamic and a  no-nonsense type of lawyer: he set out my rights, responsibilities, and possible outcomes.
Eventually the insurance company of the person who hit me settled; and in due course sent a check which was put in escrow awaiting distribution.
While I had to wait a substantial amount of time for my eventual payout, I feel completely satisfied with my legal representation and the eventual positive outcome.
I would not hesitate to seek Shook & Stone's help again, or to recommend them to others in the future.

Horrible service.
We had Jenny basically as a case manager.
She would always be distracted during our meetings.
Her or the office never followed up with us & it took forever to get a return call.
She also talked down to us.
We spoke to Mr Shook as we were very unhappy.
He told us that he would look into it & get back to us.
Unfortunately he never got back to us nor did he follow up.
Very disappointing...... Would not recommend!

These guys took care of a car accident for me, they sent me to the best rehab center and followed up with me whenever they could and were willing to take my case as far as I was comfortable taking it.
They also got me full compensation for my injuries.
The only limiting factor to their services was myself and the willingness to stay in treatment as long as possible.
There came a time I couldnt handle the inconvenience of rehab and limited physical exertion while trying to keep my career intact.
Shook and stone treated me great.

