This is located on Main where you think you should have turned back and headed to the strip.
Park on the South side and don't try parking on the North.
The place is actually larger than you would think, Seat yourself and don't sit under the TV.
You'll keep wondering why everyone is stealing glances.
It is most likely the futbol game, but then again, you'll probably catch a few phrases about the crazy gringo's ( if that is your persuasion ) eating here or dressing up to do so.
Fairly clean.
Not terribly comfortable chairs or tables.
As always- find the items on the menu that say things like- Salvador special or anything in Spanish that includes the words Plantain.
Expect the food to parallel Cuban food.
Matter of fact, see my recap on the Cuban place I reviewed and magnify the flavors and skill of cooking and you'll know what I mean.
We had the pork and cheese pupusa, which is a pancakey wrap of delicious shredded pork and cheese that is quite filling.
Also tried the yucca dish and found the pork was dry, but not stringy, and very flavorful, not bland as sometimes happens.
The fried Yucca is done very well.
Meaning light and not greasy.
We also had the Salvadoran Typical plate.
I kid you not!
It was a sheet of spiced beef served with some of the tastiest plantains I've yet to have.
Now here's the trick- take a bit of all the extras; the tangy cheese, the pickled cole slaw, the sweet plantain, the tender meat, the thick gordita, and squeezing some of the lime onto it , bite, and indulge.
The blend is sublime.
We didn't have room for desert.
The food more than makes up for the location, surroundings, and attention.
We gringos know how to indulge in great food.
The food does take a little longer than what most would consider normal, but it is cooked right on the spot, so be prepared.
Take your time.
Also, go in the daytime unless you pack heat.
Not touristy at all.
Give this place 3 and 1/2 stars!
Without getting a desert, I withhold judgment to give it that extra half star higher.
I'll return and let you know.

I am a fan of most Latin cuisine, I was eager to try central american foods.
When I moved here in 1997 I had seen this place on my way downtown thinking, wow looks kind of shady.
About a year later, my husband said it would be worth it to at least try.
I was glad he suggested it.
We've been coming here for 10+ years now.
The current interior is more of a restaurant than the previous decor which was very eclectic, they had murals painted on the walls, lattice partitions, fishnet hammocks strung up giving it a very "backyard of someones home" feel.
A few years ago, the motel attached decided to renovate the exterior, and the owners of Salvadoreno took the opportunity to update their interior, now its tables and chairs, brown tones.
The food has remained consistently delicious.
Everything is fresh made.
They have a variety of pupusas, filled corn tortilla pattys, from beans and cheese, loroco (native sprout), and the revuelta which is refried beans, cheese, and ground shredded pork (known as chicharron).
The Plato Tipico is the Salvadoran typical plate, it combines a mix of the staples, a pice of grilled steak (carne asada), fried sweet plantain, a drier cheese similar to feta, a small lettuce tomato salad, and my favorite, casamiento, which is a rice and bean combo that is cooked together and is so tasty!
Also on the menu are pollo asado, taquitos, carne asada plate, steak encebollado (with onions), seafood cocktails (coctel mariscos) and fresh drinks (aguas frescas) such as horchata (a rice water drink, with the addition of ground pumpkin seeds, ensalada, a chopped fruit punch drink, and various drinks on roatation.
A variety of latin beers are also offered.
Please check this place out, its in a bad hood, sure, but the cooking is like someones mom invited you over for dinner The staff is warm and friendly, and if you happen to be there on a night when a soccer game is on, it gets rowdy!

Food was solid.
I had the typical plate which included a steak, tasted like top sirloin to me good flavor but steak was overcooked and tough.
The rice and red beans was really good and I enjoyed the flour thick tortilla.
The coleslaw was tasteless and I could have done without it.
The papusa was good although other than a bit of cheese pretty similar to the tortilla.
The grilled plantain tasted good but was dry.
The pilesener beer hit the spot though.
Chips were standard, salsa was bland but overall cannot complain for an $8.99 dinner and $3 beers.
The inside although reminiscent of a old drug store, and probably was at some point had nicer table and chairs than I expected taking into account the location on Main St. and the scary little motel parking lot where it was situated.
I am glad I tried it, but I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again with so many other places in LV to try.

Eh.
Just eh.
The papusas are decent.
The chips and salsa have to have been store bought....and who the hell puts a "cell phone store" inside of a restaurant?
Hello, ghetto!

