Two words:  Cinnamon Bagels.
Not the soft kind.
Not the toasted kind.
Not even slathered in a centimeter-thick layer of cream cheese kind.
These are crispy, thinly-sliced, cinnamon-sugary bagel chips.
They're yummy, and Vegas 808 is probably the only place in the world you can get them.
DAMN I wish my camera were working to be able to post a picture of them right now!
Proof that these bagels are bomb: I brought a 10-inch tall cylinder container of them to work on Monday and today, all that's left on the bottom are crumbs.
It's Wednesday.
$10 a canister.
Vegas 808 is located in the heart of the California Hotel, aka Little Honolulu in the city of sin.
Also available in Blueberry :)

Great place to pick up some last minute gifts for friends and family back home.
Friendly local staff.
Me and my friends showed up 5-10 minutes after closing and they stayed open for us.
Bagel chips are good but something you have to try is the "sweet dried pork".

two things i LOVE getting from here:  1. teriyaki beef NUGGETS: super soft, tender and mighty tasty.
bring a bag of that anywhere, and trust me, it will be demolished.
2. cinnamon bagel chips: thin, cinnamon-ny goodness that practically melts in your mouth.
a bit pricey, but worth every crunch.
i have to get at least 4 for myself because they normally don't last that long.
as much as i keep telling myself to wait till i get home, i give in to the craving and eat 1 entire container that night.
tip: the cinnamon bagel chips also make an awesome cheesecake crust :)

If you love Ling Hing covered...whatever, then make sure to visit this spot inside the California Hotel in the overhead walkway adjoining to the Main Street Hotel.
This spot takes pride in their Hawaiian food items.
Make sure to pick up some Ling Hing Sour Patch Kids!!

THEY DON'T HAVE BAGEL CHIPS ANYMORE!!
the lady explained they have issues with their supplier...so...heartbroken.
that said, they still have every combination of dried flavored meat you could ever imagine and other yummy asian snacks.

After lunch nextdoor we decided to take a look.
They have snacks like jerky, lui hing covered items, all kinds of flavored plums, dried fruits, a few Japanese treats (like rice cakes, dried hokkugai, hello panda), candies like malt balls, chocolate covered potato chips, gummi bears, etc.
I was checking their jerky out and some of their jerky varieties are soft.
The BF likes soft jerky but has trouble finding it.
We got both a brisket meat variety ($7.50) in sweet& spicy and peppered.
We also got chocolate covered potato chips ($7.95).
All were pretty good.
I don't really come to the California that often, but glad I stopped in.

Snacks galore!
Load up and get all the candy and li hing mui to last you until your next Vegas visit.
Here are a few faves that I always load up on:  - Mini Britecrawlers: tinier versions of the regular sour gummy worms.
My fave.
- Sour strips - Gummy piggies - Li Hing gummy bears - Chocolate covered almonds - Chocolate covered bing cherries - Teriyaki jerky  Too much to list.
If you like all the snack stores and crack seed in Hawaii, come by and get some of your favorites.
The goodies are always changing and their candies are always fresh.
Air-tight packaging guarantees that the snacks are not stale.
If you need help locating it it is right across from Aloha Specialties on the second floor of the Cal.

They don't carry bagel chips anymore and everything in there is easy found in Hawaii.
If you're from the mainland and looking for treats from Hawaii, I'd recommend asking a friend to send it to you.

This place is located in the California hotel.
I can't believe I almost forgot to write a review for this place.
My friend just came back from Vegas and bought me half pound of beef jerky peppered and once I opened that bag up my memory of vegas came back.
Oh but the jerky here is super delicious and flavorful.
The peppered jerky is made from brisket of beef (which is all in my tummy after a day) is so tender and addictive.
I'm almost tempted to call Shige O. to ship me some since he lives out there :P  Aside from jerky this place is pretty much like a crack seed store except with less variety.
Its pretty much a taste of hawaii in a sense.
I'd recommend them for the jerky, so go and check it out if you're in the California Hotel!

Thrilled to see that this shop is still here after discovering it years ago!
I always manage to forget how much 1/2 lb of jerky is until later when I start snacking on the huge package I bought.
One day I'm going to brave some of the snacks I've never heard of outside of this place.

Pretty cool spot!
You know this a pretty neat spot when you stop here right after eating downstairs at the Market Street Café buffet for breakfast and still be able to stock up on a crap load of snacks!
It's pretty pricey but everything is so good and unique.
I wanted to buy everything!
This is what I bought:  - Smoked salmon beef jerky.
It was just okay.
I thought it needed to be marinated in whatever it was marinated in a lot longer.
The flavor just wasn't there.
But it was ok for munching.
$12.99 for a small bag.
- Tropical popcorn.
I haven't opened this yet but it looks so good!
It's actually popcorn with tropical flavors such as lime, raspberry, coconut, watermelon, apple, etc.
It looks delish though!
$4.99 for a small bag.
- Chocolate covered peanuts.
It looks like rocks!
I haven't opened this yet either but it looks so good!
$5.99 for a small bag.
- Vegetable chips.
Pretty good!
Lots of different veggies sliced and either fried or baked to crunchy goodness.
Yum!
I think this was either $4.99 or $6.99 for a small bag.
I wanted to try the chocolate covered sunflower seeds and the pearl chocolates.
I so more wanted to buy these because they were absolutely gorgeous looking.
LOL.
The pearls looked so real and the sunflower seeds were just beautiful!
This small shop carries a ton of other snacks to like dried mangos, plums, chocolates, etc.
Definitely worth checking out if you're in downtown Vegas!

Located inside the California Hotel Casino Downtown.
As compared to the Beef Jerky Store in the Las Vegas Club the selection here is small plus the store is small but the goodies they have are good the candies and jerky are great snacks to munch on while playing your favorite slots lol.

Smoked tako - The Best, haven't had since I was 7 years old.
Great selection of  "local" packaged goods, from seed to jerky and other island goodies.
A must visit everytime you come to downtown Vegas.

love this place always come here.
it's basically a snack shop with li hing gummie bears, candy coated sunflower seeds, mois /preserves, sour pink pigs ,chocolate gummie bears regular ones and flavored ones .get the flavored gummie bears !
they have dried tako/octopus and green tea dipped chocolates' and a lot more goodies .
yummie gummies !
.oh bring cash.not sure if they take cards .you'll go a little crazy in here I think !
oh they don't have bagel chips anymore haven't in a long time.

