Ugh.
This place is like the anti-fun.
If I'm in a good mood and I want to go out and get into a BETTER mood, this place is guaranteed to put me into a funk.
The pool tables at least used to be covered in a pink felt, but now the sea of them are boring, boring green.
The music is horrible.
The bartenders never seem to really care about...well, about much of anything.
The people who come here  - all 3 of them - seem to be as downtrodden as I eventually feel when I leave.
They have a sit down Pac Man game.
Even that isn't fun at Pink E's.
And I love sit down Pac Man games.
Boo.
Give me a dive with 2 pool tables any day over a place like this.
Man, I dislike Pink E's.

Led to this place by a Vegas guidebook and the promise of pink EVERYWHERE, I thought the idea sounded kitschy and different.
I excitedly dragged my girlfriends to this place, but upon entering, it seemed empty and sad.
No pink pool tables, no pink anything!
Realizing the mistake we all made, we pretended to have to use the bathroom and then quickly left.
They tried to charge a cover charge too, how insulting!
I was embarrassed for recommending this place.
Needless to say we now have good memories and pictures of us pointing at the Pink E's sign outside and laughing.

Unfortunately this place across from the RIO has been closed for 2 yrs +.
It used to be a large pool hall with bar & dance floor plus diner with half car boothes and great food.
$1 kamikaze, and other strong drinks hourly.
lots of tout=rnaments nad weekend rock shows.
Some of the best times of my life.

And before all that, before how nice it used to be 5 or 10 years ago before it changed...  Well, 25 years ago, it was a lovely small place if I recall correctly, and IF it's the same place.
There were two pink pool tables, pink chalk :-) and maybe a PacMan table in the corner (I love those, too, I ruled 30 years ago in university).
Place was sparsely populated in a nice comfy way.
Kinda melancholy seeing these reviews... sounds like the little pink pool place of my nostalgia has declined into a now-closed business... sad to know she lost her charm so many years ago, from this 50-year-old's perspective, that is.
I wish us all funky charming quieter experiences and one of those for me was this one in Vegas.
Does anyone know about or has visited a piano bar, maybe in walking distance from Pink-E's?
Cheers All, Me, Michelle

