Need some towels?
Need some hangers?
Need a few pots and pans?
Of course you do!
You also need that shower massager, that wastepaper basket shaped like a little grass shack, and a Hollywood sign for your home theater.
Don't forget your coupons!

I was in and out of this Bed, Bath and Beyond in ten minutes due to the outstanding service provided by its employees.
I called ahead and they put items on hold for me at the front.
Then I decided to buy a knife as well.
The woman that helped me get a knife out of the locked cabinets escorted me back up to the front and checked me out (partly to make sure I wasn't stealing the knife, but also because she was being helpful!).
I was impressed because I typically don't like huge stores like this.

Excellent customer service!
Very attentive and overall knowledgeable about the massive array of products they have.
And it doesn't hurt to get those coupons every couple of weeks in the mail!

I love the beyooonnnnddddd section ;) I am seriously going to sneak into one of their beautiful bed displays and take a nap.

The way that The Simpsons portrayed Bed, Bath, & Beyond is spot on.
You can easily get lost in the abyss of home furnishing.
The store is massive and hold almost everything that one might need for a home.
If they do not then it can be shipped to your door.
I came here to shop for some friends' wedding registry.
After trying to scout out the shop, my confused look attracted the attention of an associate that helped me zip through the remainder of visit.
I would say that BB&B is on the pricey side, but after your wedding, whatever is not purchased from your registry is 20% off.
What a great way to start your new life as a married couple.

One must have the 20% off coupon!!!
Save them up and some at check out will let you use them per item at one ring up register.
I was impressed on how I was third in line only to have two other check outs open up just for us two waiting.
Staff will help you find what you are looking for because sometimes you can get turned around in this big store.

I'm not the most organized person, heck, I'm not organized at all.
But.
BBB makes me feel like I have the potential to be organized as I wander the vast aisles of stuff that makes organizing the home a bit simpler.
I continue to come to this BBB mostly because I am a creature of habit, but the staff here is very nice.
Someone always asks me how I'm finding things and in the rare case that I can't find something, the staff has gone out of its way to assist me.
I mostly come here for their kitchen essentials, and things that might be considered nonessentials, because they do have such an expansive selection.
While the selection may not be the cheapest in town, I like the security of knowing that nine times out of ten, if I can't find something at Target, I can find it here.
And if I have the 20% off coupon, well then the drive over was worth it.
I definitely recommend signing up to receive these (I get them by snail mail, but sure e-mail versions are offered) as they don't expire.
You can only use one at a time, but for big ticket items, 20% off can be significant!

Hells no.
Will never give my business to this BBB again.
Was not greeted upon entrance as well as when we left the store.
The prices were absurd...$21.95 for a Tweezerman tweezer?
$45.00 for a "clearance" bathroom rug?
I am not at the economic stage at my life to be so frivoulous with my purchases.
I really wanted to make this BBB work for me; I loved the selection!
Lest, BBB will be somewhere I will not return.

As part of our welcome to Vegas junk mail I spotted a coupon from BB&B for 20% off your entire order, wow, sweet!
Since we lost a few things in the move I figured it was a shopping coincidence and you should *never* ignore those, ever.
They have a great selection of housewares but when did they become so cluttered?
I would hate to be in this place if there was a fire.
The aisles and walkways are way to small and being the beefy guy that I am I swear I was going to break something.
While they might be cluttered but they have pretty much anything you'd need.
I was in need of a blender and a cocktail shaker (I know where my priorities are).
They've got loads to choose from, almost to many.
On the spot I pulled up the Amazon app on my smartphone and started price comparing.
BB&B had the better price even before the coupon.
Yes I know that Amazon doesn't charge sales tax but remember sales tax helps your state.
So I ended up buying both, yeah!
BB&B also has a great return policy.
The blender didn't meet my satisfaction so I decided to exchange it for something a bit more powerful.
You probably wont believe this but my kitty ate my receipt.
He has a thing for small bits of paper.
Anyhoo.. they swiped my debit card which pulled up the transaction, yes!
I was able to get a different blender and was out the door in minutes.
As for the cocktail shaker, Im still putting it through its paces.

I always have fun looking through bed bath & beyond.
Plus I always get a 20% off coupon monthly which definitely keeps me coming back.
The store is well maintained and the employees are vety help

Yes, I like BB&B, customer service ehhhhhh!
They will point you in the direction.
But they won't show you where it is!
Hummmm, they are getting paid for being there right?
We were looking for something to hold down the fitted bed sheets!
I don't understand why the fitted sheets don't fit the beds anymore?
Anyway, we found something.
But we knew they had more of a selection.
So we had to find another employee in the area, so they can point us again in the right direction.
We found what we were looking for.
Yes I will always go back there.
I love the store.
Even just to browse around.
The have a lot of "as seen on T.V.
junk there!
A lot of things I would love to try.
But I don't want to order it.
And they have a lot of stuff on there clearance racks.
My type of store.

This place is ridiculous.
Be careful , or else you will be mowed down in the parking lot.
The isles here are so small, and crammed with products... Somethings, I could potentially see myself, or others buying, and other things are like the terrible "as seen on TV" products that just seems too out of reach.
Pricing here is outrageous too, so don't you dare come here with out a coupon.
Looking in their sheets section, they want a hefty $80 some odd dollars for sheets that feel like sandpaper.
I don't get it,

BB & B is one of those stores I shop on occasion.
The store itself is located next to Best Buy so it's easy to find.
There is plenty of parking and easy to access from either Sunset or Marks.
Walking in it looks like any other Bed Bath and Beyond I've been in.
It does seem a bit smaller with everything shelved as close as possible.
They definitely utilize every square inch of their store.
Their merchandise was very organized and clean.
We were able to find what we needed quickly.
Checking out was another story.
There was a very long line with only a few cashiers.
It took a while for them to call for back up in which no one every came up there to help with the line.
Strange.
So this is just an ok location.
But when in need, I don't mind stopping in.

I LOVE the 20% off cupons!
Last time I had one I bought a juicer, this time a fancy smancy scale.
Store is clean and big, it's a chain so they all look the same.
All the sales people here are nice and helpful.
So I am a fan!

