I love Desert Birkenstock as does my wife.
I've gotten two pairs of shoe and my wife one.
They have a great selection of comfortable shoes in all styles from casual to business, not just Birkenstocks.
I got my first pair of NAOT sandals a year ago.
My wife got a pair of Keen's last year and she loved them so much I had to get a pair this week.
The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly.
I recommend them to my friends all the time.
For comfortable and ergonomic shoes go to Desert Birkenstock.

I like this place for many reasons, mainly I like to patronize small businesses.
The selection is pretty big for a smaller store and they specialize in the hard to fit foot.
They are always helpful and friendly.

I have to say that dealing with Mary and Amy is always a pleasure.
I have uncommonly large feet, 14EEE, and they have an amazing collection.
If you cannot find what you want in the store, they will help you find your perfect shoe from their extensive warehouse selection to be delivered to you of the store.
Great people to deal with and fantastic service.

Wish i didn't even have to put one star - I went to this store today with my sisters who are visiting for a girls date and a few of our small children.
We were not greeted by anyone upon arriving to the store and then were very rudely asked to not let our 3 year old touch the pamphlets that were all shoved in an awkward basket near the shoe rack in a child's arms reach.
After being offended, we decided we couldn't support this store based on the lack of customer service and disrespect towards our children who were clearly not welcome in the store.
Perhaps it was who was working today that ruined the experience but can't say I would go back or ever recommend this store to anyone - especially someone who may have to take their child shopping with them.
Upon leaving the store I told the male  employee that we were very disappointed by his lack of customer service to which I got a response of oh I'm sorry good luck.
We were each prepared to buy a pair of shoes today which would have been over $300 in sales.
Looks like that money will be going to Zappos.com.
Very disappointed by this experience....

