Feelin' buzzed off your football beer?
If it's not too late, dip in to the Picadilly Pizza on Fremont Street.
Grab a slice, or a slice and a coke combo for under 5 bucks.
It's cheap food and you don't care what it tastes like.
You're wasted.
Not so high ratings because they yell at you if you show up 2 minutes after closing time, you must pay in cash (at least that's what I remember) and it's in the middle of all those lame gift shops that attract all the tourists from places like Iowa.

I spent $3 a slice on pizza that was a slice from a small Domino's pie, what a bummer.
On the strip i could accept that, but on Fremont st?
Get that shit out of my face.
I only realized this non-sense after my buddy paid.
What a bummer.

oh my god, what a shitty piece of pizza.
this is a tourist trap.
shitty floppy bland pizza smothered in grease, charged me 50 cents to use my credit card?
we only stumbled in here cause we were buzzed and uncle Joe's pizza was already closed down the street (we heard it was awesome).
this place is cheap to say the least, and the pizza was extremely crummy, bleh!

Cheap foot fast and hot   not much more to say about this place they advertise Vienna beef and have sporty peppers, so they try to make Chicago Dog, it was OK it filled the belly till I could figure out what I wanted to eat for a full meal  the BF had a couple pieces of Pizza it was soft and hot lots of cheese

Crap.
Pure and utter crap.
I went here for lunch with my friends and wife and this is not good pizza.
I don't understand how a place can F up pizza but this place does.
Do yourself a favor and avoid it, go into a casino and get pizza it will be better then this.
The pizza was expensive $17 for a pie, and it was best described as "bowling alley pizza".

I don't understand why people hate this place so much!
It's just like a boardwalk 'we have everything' hole in the wall.
You know what you're getting when you come here!
Seriously!
They have whatever you might be craving...churros?
Sure!
Snow Cones?
Like...real snow cones and not chunky ice cones?
YEP!
Greasy pizza?
Corn dogs?
Smoothies?
Ice Cream?
Yep, yep and more yep.
I say stop in, chow and be on your way!

This place is perfect if you love soggy pizza,  dining with cock-a-roaches,  and being overcharged.
It's mostly my own fault, trying to find food on X-Mas eve, even in Vegas was difficult.

MMMM - a yard of something sugary sweet and full of alcohol, plus 4 beers plus some vodka and juice, add about an hour on the slots trying to win that damn Corvette from the 4 Queens!!
I am feeling really buzzed n hungry.
The original Hungry One and I stumble into Piccadilly.
OMG I am telling you now,  the greasy cheesy Gods must make the pizza themselves!!!
Drunk food heaven right here on Fremont in Downtown Las Vegas.
You would be a fool to try this sober!!

Yeah its not the greatest but you know what you're buying before you buy it.
Its right there in front of you.
The pizza was decent, it seemed clean to me, and the service was very efficient and friendly.
It wasnt as bad as I thought it would be and the prices aren't cutthroat.

One of the biggest tourist traps around.
Skip this overpriced crap and look for McDonald's in that one casino for cheap food, or a sit-down restaurant for a better value.
$5.99 is apparently a "special" price for two average (at best) slices of cheese pizza and a pretty small soda, and the rest of the menu is definitely overpriced.
Only reason this gets two stars is that the food and service weren't actually horrible.

Worst pizza ever....
I was craving some pizza and since my regular pizza joint down the street was closed...
I decided to try this one out... big big mistake.
Their bait there is... 2 cheese slices and a small ( kids) drink for $ 5.99 I opted for to pay extra for one pepperoni slice and ended up paying 9 bucks....
The pizza was a big soggy doughy mess with almost no cheese or toppings.
It was about  80% dough, 10% sauce, 5% cheese and about 3 slices of pepperoni.
I could barley choke it down.
Ended up throwing most of it away.
For having "pizza" in their name and that being the selling point of the place...
I was very disappointed..  Never again  The restaurant was not very attractive ... mirrors were dirty, tables hadn't been cleaned, trash cans were full and dirty, and the counters along the wall were also dirty.

This place is designed for the super drunk masses taking part in the Fremont Street Experience.
If you aren't super drunk, which we weren't, you're going to regret paying the 50 cent fee to use a credit card.
I mean, who does that?
Joints that cater to captive, stumbling, money-is-no-object audience do, I guess.
Take one of the other reviewer's advice and hit up the McDonald's down the street.

The pizza tastes like something you microwave.
The combo comes with a small cup.
If other pizza places are open id avoid this one.

The pizza was cold and maybe two days old and the Hot Dog was over priced.
and then they charged to use a credit card.
Do yourself a favor and keep looking.
This pkace gives Freemont Street Dives a bad name.
There's much better places to have a quick lunch around there that won't break the bank.

Thank goodness for Piccadilly pizza.
As drunk as I tend to get on Fremont, this place is a welcome haven for us idiots.
It's remarkably clean.
For the amount of business it does.
The pizza is hot and ready fast.
The employees are courteous.
The historic casino photos make for something interesting to look at while you regain your senses.

Everything is good!!
All beef hot dogs, pizza deep dish and pan.
Coffees & ice cream all the junk food u want when your drinking.
Plus a great price.
Went back a second time for the works hot dog so...good!

It was late, and I was starving.
Was on Fremont and was desperately looking for a food joint.
Came across Piccadilly and decided to try it.
Got their large with half pepperoni.
Spent over $20 for it!
No where near worth it.
Not even worth half that amount.
First mistake: they cook it in a pan.
Unless u have the right dough for this, which they don't, it won't cook right.
Second mistake: u need the right oven to cook such a pizza, which they don't.
Their sauce was ok. Not rubbery plastic taste that most pizza shops in Vegas have.
Pepperoni did cook well, but pizza dough was not nearly cooked enough and had no flavor.
Service was ok, considering how busy it was.
If your on Fremont and there is absolutely nothing else to eat, then give it a shot.
But don't expect much.

Prety good pizza...great dough!

Spent some time the other evening at the Fremont Experience in Vegas and suddenly the wafting from below the neon signs called me into Picadilly Pizza.
Near the Walgreen's, it's right next to a Liquor store.
Grabbed a slice for $5 (it's Vegas after all), piping hot, pepperoni, a few pieces of paper towel (not to mention a few beers from next door) and back onto the road.
Great pie and a great late night dinner for everyone.

Its a cheap pizza by the slice type place.
You can "dine" in or out but they dont have a restroom and sent me across the street.
(Can you even serve food in a dinning area and not have a restroom?
)  I wasnt distracted by the flashing lights of the casino and made it back over to buy a slice.
I normally love pizza by the slice places as they are quick and easy to carry as you go to your next stop.
This pizza fit those categories but it was made with low quality meat and cheese.
Was kinda bummed out with it.
The next time I'm on Fremont st I will definitely find somewhere else to eat.

Yes!
A fresh, hot piccadilly pizza reminds me of how Chuck e cheeses pizza used to taste in the past (once was my favorite fast food pizza but now terrible)!
But the dough needs to be cooked more...I found myself throwing away most of the dough (though I liked the taste).
It's great to get a blast from the past!
I would only eat here though if the pizza looks like it just came out of the oven...because these need to be eaten HOT!
Minus one because it's super expensive at $3.50 for a small slice...but hey, it is a tourist area.
It doesn't make it right but it makes it understandable.
It just means I won't frequent it unless I have a craving.

Sadly, I've eaten here a few times.
This place is only good for one reason...the late night, I'm super wasted and need something to stuff my face with.
The price and size of their pizza is reasonable, but the quality is nonexistent.
I would never eat here when I'm sober.
This place receives 2 stars merely for its convenience.
Located in the heat of the Fremont Street Experience, this place gets it's business from the people stumbling in that see a pizza sign.

Not bad for a snack (late night) price and size of pizza isn't bad.
Most likely for me it's a "one and done" type place for me.

With the amount of business this place does and the location, the food should be better.
It's decent late night food but you have better options just east of this place.
Uncle joes pizza just down the street for one is a better option.

One thing a hungry girl should never forget - if the restaurant is empty (it was lunch hour nonetheless) there is a reason!
I dined all alone at Piccadilly Freemont - and not because I'm a lonely thirty-something spinster!
Well, I guess I am a lonely thirty-something spinster - but that's not why I dined alone.
Trust me, this joint was empty for good reason.
This place is just awful.
I don't know what brand of frozen pizza they toss in the microwave to serve their patrons, but I can assure you it's on the low-end of the freezer-section pizza spectrum.
I ordered the $5.99 special - 2 cheese slices and a 16 oz soda and it seemed like a bargain until I got my food.
I looked at those puffy, pitiful, slices of pizza  crusted over with a few shreds of cheese, and my heart sank.
Moments like these make me pause and wish I was more of an outspoken trouble maker.
I wish I had the nerve to thrust my chin forward and demand my money back.
However, since I am about as spineless as a gummy bear that's been sitting in the sun for an hour, I took my sad little lunch and ate all whilst plotting my yelp revenge.
They couldn't even get my diet coke right.
The 16 oz cup was filled to the brim with ice and perhaps 3 sips of soda.
How very disappointing.
I expected better Freemont street!
Well, not really.
I guess I should have known I was strolling down the boulevard of tourist traps.
I'm ashamed that, as a local Las Vegan, I didn't have the sense to keep on strolling.
Do yourself a favor folks, skip this joint.
It's a waste of calories!

