Great service!
I bought a $15 groupon for an oil change and not only did they change the oil they did a 28 point inspection with the oil change and went through the list explaining each and every point to me in plain English!
They were very honest and did not pressure me into paying for any other services.
I highly recommend going here.

I have been very impressed with this repair shop.
I had been taking my car to another local shop and EVERY time I went in "something" was wrong.
The first time I came to Auto Tech, they noted that a seal was warped but that it didn't need to be replaced - just watched carefully.
In the waiting room, I have also heard them advise many people against making costly repairs that will not be helpful.
I have had great service and I'll be here from now on!

I recently had my oil changed at Auto Tech.
I was hopeful with all the great reviews on here, but my experience was very disappointing.
Here's my top 3 reasons why I don't like this auto shop:  1.
NOT  Honest 2.
NOT  Accurate 3.
NOT  Professional  They weren't honest with me, because after my oil change they said I needed a new air filter & all my fluids "washed out"  (fluid for transmission, power steering, brakes, etc).... and they estimated the cost of that would be $300+  As a young woman, I know that some repair shops take advantage of people... so I told Auto Tech that I would consider the repairs, but won't do it today.
So I went to Auto Zone to buy a new air filter (they'll install it for free), and when the Auto Zone employee removed my old air filter he said it looked BRAND NEW!
He showed it to me, and the only dirt on it was from the filthy finger prints that the Auto Tech mechanic put on my air filter!!!
Then he checked all my fluids and said they look perfectly fine, so the $300+ fluid wash out that Auto Tech recommended was COMPLETELY UNNECESSARY!!
I'm so glad that I got a second opinion!
With accuracy.... Auto Tech wasn't accurate in something as simple as their bookkeeping.
They record your car's mileage, and they wrote down 4,000 miles MORE than what I actually have!
It's a simple error, but it just shows how this auto shop doesn't pay attention to details.
I don't think Auto Tech is very professional either, because as I was waiting in the lobby for my car's oil change, I could hear the mechanics talking very loudly about offensive crude topics.
I don't care what mechanics or anyone else wants to talk about on their own time, but they should be aware of this when it's within earshot of customers.
Also, I know that some women may be offended by the way the manager calls customers "sweetie".
Personally, I'm neutral about it, but I know some women see it as disrespectful when they should be saying "ma'am" instead.
Overall, Auto Tech is encouraging customers to have unnecessary repairs done, and their mechanics are filthy with how they handle your car's parts.
My air filter not only had dirty finger prints from their mechanic... also, Auto Tech didn't put the air filter back into my car correctly!
There's a clip that holds it in, and they didn't secure it.
That's careless work - unacceptable.

I have had no problems with this service until i had 111$ in Chips stolen from my glove box from this Place.
Ya i shouldnt have left them in there.
But they shouldnt have stolen them.
Make that $111 appear and i will revoke these negative reviews which i am going make on every platform avaiable to the social media,  4 chips total.
FROM THE WYNN   100-5-5-1...i just want it back, i dont care who did it .
111$   408.896.5160  I will be stopping by tom.
am to speck to someone about this.
In response to the Comment Below from Management:  In no way am I Satisfied, if anything i was so pissed i hung up on him because he didnt care to make me happy.
It was only 111$, its not a lot of money.
But the amount of money lost for future Business is.
I was hoping management would have done something to make me happy, and its too bad because there service was cheap and fast but they did take the money.
Of course no one is going to admit to it and there "HIGH TECH CAMERA SYSTEM" im sure would catch it.
It's to bad there is so much lie and decet out here in Vegas and in the end i take responsabilty for leaving the money in my car but MANAGEMENT didn't take any extra steps to mke me feel ok with bringing back my car or refering ANYONE to this Business.
Its to bad too.
I wouldn't have posted this review if it was the truth.
This is just a warning to future Customers, strip all valuebales out of your car

Good service, no upsell, good customer service.
Friendly staff.
Hooray for it being close to where I live, this is now my go to place for car services.

This is one of the few places in Vegas I've taken my car to more than once.
They were perfectly fine and several of their guys would take the time to show me what was going on if they recommended a repair.
In the last year something has happened.
A couple of their guys are outright rude, and service has gone down the toilet.
What should have been an overnight repair issue became a three day without my car ordeal and when I got it back, it wasn't even done and I had to bring it back to force them to finish the fix and not only was their manager rude about it, he lied to me about how long it would take.
Today I took my car in and there is a repair that I was told would take two hours.
I told them to go ahead and fix it, the guy on the phone responded "okay.
"  Three hours later I call to see if it's ready and it is not.
They guy "wasn't sure" whether I wanted the fix or not.
He then lied to me about trying to call me back to verify whether I wanted the problem fixed.
Now, my car is stuck there overnight *again* for what should have been done and in my hands two hours ago.
I will not go back there again.

Love Auto Tech...take my car here all the time.
Saved me a bunch of money by noticing I needed new tires.
And they are all over Las Vegas which is great.

I first came here because of the $15 Groupon for an oil change+tire rotation and then the $60 Groupon for one year of unlimited oil changes+tire rotations, both deals are a steal by the way.
I've always been happy with the service on my 2008 Honda Fit.
I just show up without an appointment and in under an hour (I'm guessing about 40 minutes) they're done with my oil-change+tire rotation.
I plan to get my 60k mile servicing done here and eventually to have them change out my struts (they quoted me $739.80 for parts/labor and I can go with either KYB or Monroe struts).

STAY AWAY!
This garage is so bad they put Tramsmission fluid in my Radiator reservoir, then refused to pay for the repair!
They say they are a real garage but don't believe it, I'd rather go to Jiffy Lube!

As with most of these review from others, I too bought an oil change from Groupon.
I would not EVER advise anyone to bring thier car here, EVER!
They left my plug of my oil off, they either did not drain the oil and replace it with new oil or they just added more oil to the old.
For those who don't know, when you have to much oil in your car its worse than having no oil in your car.
Since they did not replace the oil plug/cap I had oil spilling out everywhere.
Not only was oil spilling out everywhere, my car started smoking.
Also, they took the cap off my power stiring fluid and did not put it back.
These people are scam artisit.
I had to take my car to another place and they thank fully where able to repair the damange that these Auto Tech people did.
DO NOT TAKE your car here EVER!!!!!!!!
SCAM!

A little confused....  Bought the oil change Groupon that came with the inspection.
Paid extra for the synthetic oil that was to last me 5000 miles.
I now live in CA.
I take my car to my new mechanic for brake inspection.
He does a full inspection on my car.
He notices my oil stick is dry.
But i still have around 2500mi to go until my next oil change per Autotech... yet I'm running on practically no oil.
That's fantastic.
So I paid for the better oil...but what they gave me didn't even last the standard 3000 miles!
I'm afraid to see what wouldve happened to my car had I not stopped for a brake inspection.
Hey Autotech, would you be responsible for any damage done to my car as I was expecting to go 5000 miles...on dried out oil?
It mildly upsets me that I paid extra for lesser quality than Jiffy Lube.
I pay to go 5000 miles...and don't even eke out 3000.
I put a call into Autotech and was told I may have a leak.
But I got an inspection along with the oil change...and no one noticed a leak?
No.
I was told.
No leak was noted.
My guy here in CA did not note a leak, either...
I've put a 2 calls (and left voice mails) into the corporate office and have yet to hear back.

Want the short version?
DO NOT TAKE YOUR VEHICLE HERE.
YOU WILL REGRET IT!!
Ok... you you kept reading, so I assume you want to hear the rest of the story.
I have been to this place twice before because of Groupon deal of a year worth of oil changes for $60.
The service had been ok-to-mediocre before, but today was truly the straw that broke the camel's back.
Let me start from the beginning.
When my GF purchased the oil-for-a-year deal, and I took the car in, I was given a flimsy paper card with handwritten notes on the backside and that was to be my 'proof' that I had paid for this service.
I kept this card for the first two oil changes (roughly 6 months) but I misplaced it and could not find it for today's visit, so I was denied service.
Now, they have a computer system that keeps a record of the services offered, car make and model, license plate, customer name and contact information, but somehow they cannot make a simple note that I purchased the yearly service.
Despite seeing I had paid $0 for my previous two services and that there was a Groupon code entered, the attendant still told me there was nothing he could do because the coupon codes were not the same in both visit (what that means..).
Since I had already made the trip, I decided to look online and see if there was another 'deal' I could buy.
I found one and I bought it.
That is when things turned ugly QUICK.
Here is a short list of the atrocious 'things' that took place:   1) Before buying the second groupon I decided to ask if I could use it right away.
The person at the front counter had NO idea how the groupon could be redeemed.
She literally said, "you can buy it but I do not know if you can redeem it right now...that is Groupon's deal" REALLY?
They have a promotion and do not understand or even know about it?
She was snappy about it and made me feel like I was a sub-standard customer for wanting to buy the deal.
If you do not want me to buy it, do not publish it.
2) The groupon includes a tire rotation.
The technician did NOT have the right tools to rotate my tires and somehow blamed me for it.
I have had my tires rotated at other service centers but NEVER had to give them a special key for the lug nuts which the technician was asking for.
What's even worse, I had been to this place twice before for the same 'service' so either they LIED and never rotated my tires before, or they just didn't feel like doing it today.
3) The technician had "NO CLUE" as to how to reset the 'service engine' light and  told me he had forgotten.
Really?!?
Is this the first time the have serviced a 2010 Totoya Venza?
I fail to believe a mechanic shop does not have some sort of reference card on how to do something as simple as reset a service light.
I had to go online and do it myself while he was shuffling pages in my owner's manual.
4) I was basically FORCED to buy a cabin air filter from them.
As I was ready to pay, one of the shop mechanics comes for the typical up-sell and shows me a filter that looked like it was ripped out of place and has the nerve to tell me it was like that and that I should buy a new one to replace it.
Give that it was bent and torn and probably was going to cause damage by having it put back it, I had to shell out $25 bucks for them to change it.
Air filters do not bend and tear while in use...unless you bend and tear them up yourself.
It is not about the $25, it's about the 'gotcha' principle-- I bought a discounted service, so now they are going to get me for all I am worth.
5) When I was driving away I noticed they had not even placed the normal maintenance sticker on the windshield!!!
For all I know they may have not even changed the oil at all.
I am usually not one to complain, but seriously... STAY AWAY.

We came here from a Groupon deal and they are really great.
I just visited today because of a yelp voucher.
I used it for a smog check.
They Were really fast friendly and helpful.
They never try to sell me anything I don't need

I Recently started going to the Other Location on Durango and Was explained about how the manager who was rude and didnt help me has left town, and new personal is very Helpful.
It is Vegas and i understand how that happans a lot.
In Conclusion I forgive the harsh review I made, this is a good comapny to have your car worked on, despite a worker stealing from me before, that was my fault, never leave valubles in your car.

Did the cheap groupon oil deal, was not satisfied.
While the oil change seems fine, they were very ride and tried to sell me things I did not need.
They also did not check my A/C like promised in the deal.
I would go to another place, and stay away from here

Simply dishonest, unprofessional, n don't step foot in there .Hope they spend every penny that they got from me for medicine .

Had my oil changed here a couple of times on the recommendation from someone else.
Fast service and reasonable prices.

I just called them and was put on hold for 10 minutes.
Then, click, hung up on instead of answered.
I called them back and no one answered.

What a rip off!!!
Bought groupon $34.99 unlimited oil change for one year turns out they charge for labor ($17) & numerous other fees ( waste disposal & another dubious fee) + tax + extra for synthetic oil so total comes out $87- more than in dealership , what a rip off!
Groupon should have known about this, be careful when buying from Groupon and go to other oil change businesses not his one, I think purr fect.
-forgot the name-total of $15(tax included) for conventional oil- just wait for weekly coupon in junk mail/newspaper.

We have older vehicles that have needed a few major overhauls.
We have ALWAYS been taken care of with excellent service & cost efficient repairs.
We trust all the guys there and have never been dissatisfied.
Vince at Autotech is our guy!!
Never hesitate to take our vehicles to Autotech!

Very disappointed with service I received here.
I have used this location for oil changes for years, always pleased even though they do try to upsell, but I expect that with the included inspection I brought our 2008 prius here Friday when our ac blower failed.
I was quoted $600 to replace motor and resistor with the majority of cost being parts.
I was told that only Toyota parts were available for replacement.
Two minutes online gave me a lot of options priced much lower, like $49 for the motor and $126 for the resistor.
I understand the need for mark ups, but $300  mark up for two parts is ridiculous.
I don't believe I will return there again.

