My jerk chicken was not as flavorful as it should be, and I prefer heavy gravy, and this was dry.
It seemed as if it weren't marinated and all the flavor was right at the surface, just from the spice rub.
The breast meat was fairly dry.
The peas and rice, despite asking for extra gravy, were almost completely dry as well.
They didn't have any braised cabbage, which I would consider to be a staple at a Jamaican place.
I guess I would go again and try the oxtails, but only if I were already in the neighborhood.
I'm forever spoiled by Caribbean Citchen in Detroit.

I forgot to review this place and in my last day in Las Vegas, I think I should.
Hands down great Jamaican fare.
I have been to Jamaica a few times and find that there best food is comforting much like this joint's.
(Pardon the pun) Things you will find there are typical dishes like jerked items, but delve in further to find ackee or bacalao (cod).
Other items that were there are , meat patties (like empanadas), oxtail, and goat; yum and yummy.
Everything we had was very good.
We enjoyed about 10 dishes, to taste everything.
The only downfalls are, price and the wait.
However, with that said, it is a small, genuine place.
You pay for quality, and that is evident in their food.
The wait also can be prevented by calling ahead.
The owner and staff are very nice.
Super nice, in fact.
If you are in this neck of the woods, please give it a try!
Keep the good local places in business.!!

Pros: JAMAICAN FOOD!
Pretty good meat pies/patties.
Has advertisements and fliers for other Jamaican/Caribbean related businesses and events in Vegas.
Cons: Kind of steep(but understandable).
Jerk chicken is a bit dry sometimes.
Yay for Jamaican food.
I really wish Vegas had more offerings of Jamaican/Caribbean culture.

OK, I'm giving them a 4 star rating, but only because I hope it helps them prosper and because I miss good jamaican food.
The food is OK.
I'm a little picky.
Been to Negril 10-15 times or more.
What really hurts more than the food is the staff.
Nobody with any energy.
What I love about Jamaica and going there is the people and the energy.
If he had a good front person on the register that was friendly and knew a little about Jamaica it would make a huge difference.

I've got to say my expectations were not met when I ate here.
And I'm fairly understanding when it comes to ethnic mom & pop places.
But there were just too many things going wrong here to rave about it.
So we order the curried goat, tripe and beans, rum cake, plantains, and ginger beer.
NOT the ham and cheese on white bread.
So I did find it funny when asked if I've eaten this type of food before.
Ey, mon, you don look way pale for dis food, mon.
Here's a big downer.
Everything comes in styrofoam boxes and they give you these dinky, pygmy-sized plastic utensils.
And then they charge $2.00 for a fountain drink and post this BIG sign that says NO FREE REFILLS.
OK, I get the picture.
This all comes across as food truck service but at sit down prices.
The goat was pleasantly tender and the curry was pretty good, but the beans and rice just killed the taste buds with being over salty ( a trick to get beans soft quicker is to soak them in salt water, if you didn't get them down in enough time ) The little button of fry bread could put out someones eye with its' denseness.
I did like the cabbage salad and veggies.
A really nice touch.
The tripe was far and away the best dish they had.
It had enough give to not bounce the fork back with rubberyness ( as happens when not done well ).
But this was smooth and tender and the broth was really kick-ass!
The rum cake was yummy and very rummy.
The ginger spices and raisins were done really well.
Nice texture on that.
The plantains were unh, ok, but nothing special.
too bad.
I think the prices were a bit confusing, especially when doing mental math since they don't give you a register tally.
The layout is this slightly comfy L-shape that was fine if no more than five people were eating.
Anyway more would be way too chummy.
The Bob Marley this and that was kind of kitschy, but expected.
The music was reggae, of course, and a nice level.
I'd love to give it more, so I'll try it again, but for now, a two will have to do, mon.

The worst Jamaican food ever, pricey and run down.
The staff does not care one bit.
The interior is like kindergarten, plastic everywhere... Oh and not to mention after buying a soda it is a dollar for a refill... Stay away....

Never having Carribean or Jamaican food before, I was interested when a coworker mentioned that he went to this place and enjoyed it.
I went today with him and a few others to give this place a shot, and we were all quite surprised.
I didn't really expect it to be so good.
I ordered the Goat Curry with Jamaican Roti, and the Sweet Potato Pudding for dessert.
I have yet to have a goat curry that I have really liked.
The dish in general always seems to be served with a sweet yellow Indian curry, which I'm not a huge fan of.
This curry was different.
I loved it.
It wasn't sweet at all, nor made with coconut.
It had a perfect spicy flavor without going over the top.
There were little potatoes in it, along with very tender and moist stringy goat meat.
The roti was amazing... very flat, floury bread with a little bit of spice cooked into it, perhaps from a curry.
I dipped it in my curry sauce, and thoroughly enjoyed every bite.
There was also a little coli flower salad that came with the dish, and a whole wheat bun.
The Sweet Potato Pudding caught me off guard.
I didn't really taste a lot of sweet potato in it, but did taste perhaps a little rum or something like that.
It had raisins in it too, and was more of a little pudding cake.
It was quite enjoyable, but after all of the food that we had, i just couldn't finish it!
We also had some of the beef and chicken stuffed patties.
You HAVE to try the beef patties.
They are spicy with shredded beef stuffed inside a layered pastry.
Just deliciousness.
When I come back, and I definitely am, there is simply no way I could not order one of these on the side.
Personally, I think the reviews on this place are low.
The ambiance isn't much; it fees like a mom and pop diner.
The staff offers adequate service, but isn't overly friendly.
The place is just very casual.
However, I think the food is quite a bit above average.
The prices are slightly high, but if that bothers you just drink a water and don't order any extras.
The food is worth it.
I don't really like sweet Indian curry, so this curry has me hooked!
I can't wait to try the ox tail!

So I accidentally found this spot after getting groceries while on vacation in Vegas.
Like most Jamaican spots it's a small mom and pops place.
Don't expect glitz and glamour, just some good old fashion fresh Jamaican food.
I've had the jerk chicken, oxtails, chicken and goat curry and chx patties (not all on the same day) everything was great!
When home in Cali I eat at Lee's and Jammin, this was on the same level.
I know when I visit Vegas again I will stop by and eat up....

I had the oxtail plate twas different but delicious: cabbage, rice, oxtail, a slice of a plantain and this bread.
We ordered 3 plates and it was 50$ so the price is a tad high for me.
I don't feel that it was THAT good to be okay with paying up.

Please please go out of business asap.
and stop employing your relatives.
they have real issues and no customer serivce skills whatsoever

Best Jamaican food in Vegas.
Think about this place when I'm @home

Naturally, this isn't where you're going if you want a super-expensive, white tablecloth place.
But, if you want AWESOME Jamaican food, this is HOME baby!
I'm not Jamaican, so I can't say with any great authority that it is authentic, but I've lived in Miami, in a heavily Jamaican neighborhood, and this reminds me of what I had there.
The curried goat was very nice.
But, my wife got the jerk chicken, which usually is a dish that does not excite me.
This one excited me!
The woman who worked the place was such a sweetheart too.
Great service, and she was just as accommodating and welcoming as can be.
I can't recommend it enough.

I love this place.
I go once a week for the Jerk Chicken.
I only get the beef patties and Jerk Chicken.
The chicken is spicy and the rice and peas is great!
I go to Jamaica every year and this is as close as it gets here in Las Vegas!

A co-worker of mine suggested this place because he knows I'm always up for trying new restaurants for lunch.
Found the menu on usmenuguide and went with the calaloo and salt fish dish.
I had no idea what exactly calaloo and salt fish were, but I was feeling like getting my Zimmern on that day.
When we went to pick up the food, there was a little bit of a wait as several customers came in after we arrived which seized the attention of the lone worker up front.
She was very friendly though and maybe we just arrived too early for pickup.
I decided to order some "fresh lemonade" which I believe cost $3 and came out of some jug in the refrigerator behind the counter.
I think I need to break from this narrative and go straight to the review of the lemonade.
IT WAS DISGUSTING.
Overly sweet and just not a pleasant flavor, and it didn't taste fresh to me in the least.
I threw it away immediately upon getting back to the office.
The food was much more pleasing in every way.
First off there was a mountain of food.
The prices run a little high, but you get a lot for it.
Callaloo turned out to be some leafy substance that reminded me of spinach and/or seaweed.
Saltfish turned out to be bland pieces of chicken.
Just kidding they were (spoiler alert) salty pieces of fish.
There were also a few pieces of plantain that I thought tasted a little off from other versions I've had in the past.
The Callaloo and saltfish tasted nice (and yes, it was really salty) and I liked the preparation on the rice as well.
I can't say I'd ever clamor to revisit tasty island, though I'd definitely give some more of their entrees a try if it came down to it.
Moral of the entire review:  When life gives you lemons, don't make Tasty Island lemonade with it.

I would agree on the previous review(s) claiming some of the dishes are overly salty (at least for Jerk Chicken), but it's well worth it considering the limited options here in Vegas in terms of Jamaican food.
Atmosphere is Bob Marley pandering crap, but nothing distracting.
It's definitely pricey(don't expect to pay less than $10-$15/meal) considering the plastic tablecloths, styrofoam containers used even for dining in, disposable utensils and limited service, only ignoring the serving size.
Aside from this, the food is flavorful and the owner is friendly.

Over priced and not clean.
I don't usually score places so low but everything about this place just didn't sit right.
I had the oxtail and it wasn't seasoned well.
My boyfriend liked his jerk chicken, rice and peas were a little hard.
Beef patty was ok.
The floors were disgusting and the plastic tables clothes were faded and had holes.
We both got sick immediately by the time we got home.
I'm not planning on eating here again.

I have never tried Jamaican food prior to this place and I must say, I am a huge fan!
I tried the ox tail and loved how soft and tender it was.
The meat fell right off the bone.
The service was fast and friendly.
Would definitely go back here again.

Owner wrote me and asked me to actually give his business another chance, said he was a new owner and proprietor that had taken over.

First experience with Jamaican cuisine.
I try so hard not to judge on the atmosphere of restaurants like these, because some of the best restaurants are truly hole in the wall establishments.
It is in a strip mall in a shopping center.
I will admit the location is a little run down in itself, and I felt like the two times I came here they were still under construction from the last time I first came (which was about a three months interval since the first time).
The service was alright.
I didn't get much of an opinion on certain items when I questioned what they were like and what could work best for someone who is picky about their diet, just simple remarks as, "oh, yeah, that's good" or "I'm sure you'll like it" on just about everything I asked about.
I went with the Calaloo.
I believe this was the first time I had a Jamaican style plantain, and it wasn't bad.
The collard greens were alright.
A little on the soggy side, lukewarm.
I'm not sure if it was the plate that I got, but aside from other reviews found about this place, the Calaloo has to be the least salty?
Might not be salty, but still very greasy.
The Calaloo was the only dish I tried the times I went., so the next time I go I want to get another to feel out this place a little more.
Aside from the service and appearance, I feel like there is something I could be discovering amazing from this place if I decide to go back.

This place looked so fun from the outside!
Too bad the food is disgusting and the place is filthy.
Just for the record, I am not a Jamaican food expert by any standard but I know when something is disgusting.
Will not be back.

The coupon nor the restaurant advised that this was take out only.
I gave her the certificate and immediately felt as if she treated me like I did something wrong.
After her agreeing to honor the coupon, She began to limit me on the things I could buy.
Beef Patties were off limits because she flys them in from NY.
Being from NY I asked which brand it was and she advised me Golden Krust.
Not even the good ones.. (Word to the wise Tower Isle makes the best Beef Patties, trust me)  Hmmm.. does she know the Dollar Tree on Rainbow and Spring Mountain sells that very same brand of beef patty.. For $1.00.
Anyway, the food was put into the container very sloppy and she gave me half of what the normal serving should have been.
I am a very great cook and can just make my own Jamaican food if needed.
They are way too expensive and I will not be returning.

Apparently there are 2 names in play here.
They call themselves 'Tasty Island Caribbean Food & Deli' here but 'Tasty Island Jamaican Food Menu' inside.
I walked in, it's a cluttered place, divey is the word, located on the corner of a strip mall.
What normally would be a deli case is filled with boxes as you enter.
There was no greeting from the 3 people behind the counter and towards the back.
I go to the table - 2 placed together - to meet my fellow 3 diners.
No menu provided, no service to the table.
Only 5 feet from the counter, I asked the person behind the counter for help.
At several points, nobody was present for service of any sort.
The cashier/order taker?
When asked what was their best dish and what would he recommend, he basically said he didn't know.
At another point, our table mates asked about the size of the dish and he strongly suggested they order the large size.
They wanted the 'SM' size - they were right, he was wrong.
We had a lot of questions of what was what, e.g.
Calaloo, Ackee, Escoveitched Fish, Roti.
The responding answers were only somewhat helpful at best.
Frankly, I want the person working there to have a good idea of what items are and be able to suggest items.
When asked about the Coco bread, he stated, "It's just bread" and he pointed at the loaf.
We had a side order of a 'Beef Patty' which I thought resembled Cherry pie from 7-Eleven.
I do not see/taste the allure of it.
Three of us had the Jerk chicken.
The menu states all meals are served with peas - not true.
None was provided.
On the good side, the dead Jerk Chicken was normal and the rice was good.
The Red Stripe beer was good as well.
10.
When the food came out, it was all in styrofoam with plasticware.
Even at divey, hole-in-the-wall places, one normally gets plates and silverware but not here.
11.
In the end, it took about 10 minutes to obtain the bill, apply the discount, double-check on the split of who pays what part of the bill, and then finally receiving the credit slip to sign.
12.
I've read some other reviews and I suppose, if there is a good dish that you like, e.g.
Tripe soup, Oxtails, Ackee, Cowfoot Stew, Curry Goat, Salt Fish, go there and try it.
Don't count on any service or explanations, or even suggestions.
Or silverware.
Or actual food in the deli cases.
13.
To be fair, my friends thought slightly higher of the place ... slightly.

My husband and I sought this place out because we love Jamaican food.
We had a $15 dollar Restaurant.com gift certificate.
When we walked in, the guy behind the counter, goes, "Did you read this entire page?
"  We were like , Yeah.
Rude, from the git go.
Then, he goes, "I take it, you have never been here before?
"--with an attitude.
When I asked what the difference was between the SM jerk chicken and the large, he condescendingly goes, "You get more food with the large.
"  Well, duh.
I wanted to know how many pieces of chicken you get.
Then, he proceeds to tell us that they don't honor Restaurant.com certificates anymore, but he would honor it this time.
Well, guess, what THEY NEVER DID.
What should have cost us around $15, cost us $29.
The food was delicious however.
Would I pay $29 again---HELL no.
I don't like being swindled and that's what I felt like when I left there.
I would have argued the bill, but the guy was nowhere to be found when we got ready to pay.
I just won't go back.
This is a dive in a somewhat shady part of town that overcharges for their food.
Buyer beware.

The jerk chicken was delicious!
If your a yelp snob and only appreciate traditional American dining service than maybe this place isn't for you.
If you can appreciate great food, hit this place up!

I'm part Jamaican, didn't ya know?
Well, not really, but my best friend since the 7th grade is Jamaican-American and her house was practically my second home growing up.
Her huge family is like my family and I've traveled to Jamaica with them three times, so I do know a little about the food.
Guess where my second family likes to eat when they're in Vegas?
Yeah, mon, Tasty Island, so you know it has to be good.
My girl was in town with some of her clan this past weekend and they wanted to have lunch here so we did.
I always get the oxtail with rice and peas and a slice of plaintain, washing it down with Kola Champagne (best soda ever)--oh yeah!
I had a beef patty as an appetizer and that thing had a slight kick-it was fresh out of the oven and it was a little spicy hot for me.
I can't do the jerk chicken because I'm too wimpy for the spicy, but my son had it and he ate it up (he's also almost Jamaican by default).
He usually gets the curry chicken, but they were out.
Service here can be on the slow side while you wait for your food, but that's why you should have a patty in the mean time: they have beef, chicken, and veggie patties, which are pastries with your choice of filling.
Some dishes are served with festival, Jamaican dumplings, and I tried my friend's, but it was kind of dry.
Other than that, we had another great meal here.
Everyting irie at Tasty island, mon!

Solid Jamaican food!
Tasty Island Carribean restaurant been meaning too try since only pass by it everyday too work.
Just got the right additional push reading fellow yelpers reviews besides not sure the last time had Jamaican food.
Or if ever had it before.
So I was looking forward too some jerk chicken, rice and beans, and plantain bananas.
All things that are common or by no means expert on Carribean foods.
Just the dishes that spark my interesting thinking about that style of food.
I ordered jerk chicken, it comes with steamed rice or rice and beans (I like if going too the islands got do it right!
so got the rice and beans), vegetables, fried plantain, and some kind of bread roll.
What better way wash it all done with some Jamaican Kola!
I am FAN of the seasoning on the jerk chicken.
It not spicy spicy but little kick but besides the spicy just well rounded flavors.
I got the large not small portion.
Not sure if get less pieces of chicken.
The large get thigh, breast, and drumstick.
The skin now that has got too be the star more so then the meat.
Nothing better then crispy chicken skin especially one marinaded in jerk seasonings and adds so much depth too it.
The meat inside was nice moist.
The rice and beans could have just had big bowl of that by itself!
The rice cooked perfect with the beans.
It nice hearty rice one that like said could make meal all by itself!!!
The fried plantain nothing special but not often see places use plantain on the menu.
The knot type roll and the vegetables both ok.
The Kola was interesting.
Different.
If anything thinking close too cream soda taste?
The decor inside is all over the place set up like deli with the counter and display cases.
The dining area feels pretty packed together with the booths and tables.
You go up too the counter order and once done let you know go up get it.
Talk about Bob Marley and just reggae vibe.
If they were playing music that would be full on island style.
The different colors on the signs outside and inside.
Many Bob Marley posters and Jamaican theme decor you would almost think gone too the islands.
The service felt was good.
Definitely place plan on coming back and trying more of the menu.
They do have lunch specials too.

I read some reviews and I really feel for some people.
Every dining experience is unique and should never be measured next to the other.
This place is roots.
It's real Jamaican fare, in its simplest form.
That means cafeteria style tables and chairs in the corner of a strip mall and you order from a counter cashier.
Your food comes served in a takeout container with plastic forks.
OMG Yelp snobs beware...
I sometimes appreciate the fact that I just walk in, read a board, order my meal and eat it with no bells, whistles and white gloves.
If you want authentic Jamaican food come here.
Delicious Oxtail stew, jerk chicken, plantains, achee, rice and beans, & beef patty mon!!!
Someone's grandmother taught them these recipes and the only thing missing was some Bob Marley playing in the background...
If you can't handle the reality of different dining styles then you're just missing out.
More for me..Tee Hee!

Here at Tasty Island Carribean, you get some authentic Jamaican food.
I was introduced to Tasty Island by the GF.
We've driven by a handful of times and she's mentioned that her favorites include the beef patty and their Kola Champagne.
Her best friend was raised on Jamaican food and even she pays a visit whenever she's in town.
So, you know what this means?...means Tasty Island is some good authentic Jamaican food.
But I had to see for myself and here's my thoughts.
-Beef Patty:  I didn't have one for myself, but I did sneak a bite or two from the GF.
When I first heard beef patty, I was thinking a hamburger type patty.
I was wrong.
A beef patty here is actually quite different.
A Jamaican beef patty resembles a beef empanada.
I thought it was pretty good, the crust was flaky, and the beef was tasty.
If I wasn't trying to eat clean, I would have gotten one for myself.
-Jerk Chicken:  This is was my meal and it came with a plate full of rice.
I cheated and had a couple of spoons of the rice and it was the bomb.
My only wish...I wish could have eaten more.
The Jerk Chicken was as expected...tasty, spicy, and moist.
What?
Did I just say moist?
The Jerk Chicken reminded me of a Flip dish called Chicken Adobo, but with a kick to it.
My suggestion is the Jerk Chicken.
I want me some Jerk Chicken right now!!!
The restaurant itself is a little small.
Since it wasn't too crowded, our party of 6 ate comfortably.
Your food also takes a bit to get prepared and served, but that's how it's suppose to be here.
Not sure how many cooks in the kitchen, but they do take their time.
But it's all good, all worth it.
PS:  Tasty Island is introducing a buffet style lunch here.

So went to Jammin jerk hut and wasn't impressed so decided to try Tasty Island on visit to Vegas.
Family is Jamaican so I know what the food is suppose to taste like, also lived in Jamaica for 16 years so I should know what I am talking about.
So walked in and the lady at the counter looks like she is in another zone.
My mom tried to be talkative to her but she could hardly stand to respond.
Now on to the food.
We had some soup red peas and chicken soup.
The chicken soup had everything but chicken in it and no taste and the peas soup had everything except meat as well.
Ordered patty and coco bread HORRIBLE is all I can say.
Then my daughter had calaloo and salt fish and it had no taste.
There was also rum cake, it was just okay.
The only thing that was good at this place was the tamarind balls that come already packaged that were like $1.50 each.
It was a waste of time and money going to this place.
They need a real Jamaican restaurant in Vegas.
I read reviews on Yelp before I even went to this place and decided to come up with my own opinion.
Not sure how others rated this place 4 stars but to each there own.
My taste buds was not wow'd.

It was fabulous!
I got the small Jerk Chicken and it was the best I have ever had.
My friend got the shrimp curry, and the flavor is exactly what I look for in a curry!
Also, I was so excited to get the ginger beer and it balanced the meal well.
Next time I will get additional plantains though.

Stumbled across this restaurant ordering food from GrubHub for a friend and then when in LV on my last trip, I stumbled across the actual restaurant in person.
Definitely am a fan.
The service (which is always first to me) was gracious.
Food was delicious, had the Curry Chicken, Jerk wings, yams and Ginger Beer.
Everything was soooo good!
Can't wait to get back to LV to visit this place again!

We found the service quite friendly which surprised us with all the negative reviews about it.
I would classify this as a dive but it was clean and it was fine for us, nothing fancy for sure.
My wife loved the curry chicken and I thought it was good.
I did not like the jerk pork because it was really pork belly which is 70 fat but has a good flavor what I could eat.
The jerk wings were really great, very spicy, too spicy for my wife but I loved them.
The weird rice was good.
My wife like the steamed vegetables.
We both enjoyed the Rum Cake!
If you're looking for Jamaican Food I would recommend.

2nd time here and I dined in.
had the oxtail small plate and it was so darn good.
not too savory or over seasoned it was just right.
next time i wanna try the jerk chicken and for real order a extra side of the plantain.
Jamaican hot sauce is not joke, I love it and it clears up the sinuses...double whamy!

went there based on yelp reviews since I really wanted to find an authentic Jamaican/Caribbean place and I love curry.
I got the curry goat with rice and peas and plantain with side of callaloo.
while I was waiting my for my food met this lady from Haiti who raved about the place and said that this place cooks their food like they do in her home country.
since I don't have any point of reference I took her word for it.
the food was good and would come back to try again.
perhaps the jerk chicken based on other reviews.
they have a tripe dish on the menu which I'd love to try because I love tripe.
no complaints here and would go back again.
reason for 4 stars is I wasn't blown away with the food.

Tried this place today for the first time.
I had the curry chicken and my boyfriend had jerk chicken.
Both were excellent.
Also had the meat patty.
So good.
We will definitely be back !

Wow wow wow ordered short ribs and I can't explain to you how amazing the taste of the plantain and meat together with hot sauce was.
Please go and taste for yourself.
Great friendly staff, can't wait to go back!

Heads up to anyone checking out this business before going: I'll do the short version for you.
If you've ever had Jamaican Caribbean food before, this place is not going to hit the spot.
The majority of four and five star reviews are from people who don't know any better.
I shop frequently at the nearby Sprouts grocery, and always mean to stop in here.
BF picked up takeout last night for dinner, and said the restaurant smelled heavenly and took it as a good sign that all of the employees were actually Jamaican.
Got home, and as others have said, takeout dishes are splashed everywhere- sauce out of the box and in the bag, one napkin and fork for two orders (and placed UNDER the takeout boxes in the bag in the puddle of spilled sauce), etc- little details that may slightly irritate, but not be relevant for dine-in customers.
But the food, despite smelling so good, was simply mediocre.
All spice and no depth of flavor.
Ordered the jerk chicken plate and the goat curry- and you could tell that both meats were indeed chicken and goat, but the similarities between the high quality versions of these dishes we've had elsewhere and what we actually received, was sad.
The jerk chicken was, for starters, dry.
Rub seemed to be applied sparingly, and there was only flavor where you got seasoning.
Good portion, but not necessarily good value.
Goat curry sauce had a good consistency to it, and the meat was good, but the flavor was simply lacking- lacking depth, lacking that finger-licking jamaican flavor I'd come for.
Sides included a mixed veggie type dish that was overcooked mush, and "rice and red beans" consisting mostly of rice and of a few scant red beans (I counted maybe 10) that appeared to be dried.
When even your sides are underwhelming, there's a problem in the kitchen.
This was one of those rare times when the BF and I didn't finish our orders.
And for about $30 for a week night take out dinner, that's pretty bad.

Expensive and not that good ..the food is kind of bland.
Being Jamaican myself they could do so much better.
Will not be going back unless it's for something they don't cook.
I was not impressed at all.

So as I am learning the area a little better I stumbled on this place.
I use to work in St Croix so defiantly use to the flavors.
ordered the jerk chicken with rice and beans and came with stewed cabbage and fried banana, patties ( sort of like corn bread.
) , and rum cake along with some cream soda.
First off the chicken is good I did have a couple of top layers of the chicken that where a little dry however under was good also not raw or pink -- Great spice rub on the chicken.
The rice and beans where good and stewed cabbage great.
Patties are patties enough said lol   Rum Cake.
OMG RUM, This deff takes me back to St Croix's seeing the amount of rum on that island is insane.
This is super moist not hard or store bought def.
could tell homemade, I even think they soak the raisin's.
This is a must.
Also I got D&G sof drink not a spelling error there from Jamaica I tell you a blended drink with rum or tequila turned into a slushy with this would be soooo amazing.
Strong menu items, Main's tend to be a bit pricey but you can also sides a little cheaper.Rum Cake is a deff must

Waiting 50 minutes extra for quoted delivery time and the driver shows up with ice cold food and a girl in his car.
$9.50 "refund" is pathetic.
Too bad, flavors weren't bad once "reheated.
"  Horrible experience overall.

To anyone who said this place isn't authentic   This is by far the best stateside Jamaican food I have had.
I've been to Jamaica on more than one occasion and made a point of eating at places that weren't on the resort.
Their jerk chicken is ideal.
Paired with a red stripe and a ting, I can hear the steel drums and feel the sand between my toes.
I will definitely be back!!!

You know you're in for a bad meal when you hear " DING" come from the kitchen.
This is the most flavorless Jamaican food I have ever eaten.
I will NOT return.
Booooo!

