I love this place.
It's funny because it has like Greek & Mediterranean food, but also subs, and I've only ever tried the subs.
All I ever get is the meat lovers or whatever it's called.
It's turkey ham and salami with cheese and this yummy spread.
Awesome.
My only complaint with My Buddy's Grilled Subs is they don't open early enough!
I can pretty much only pick it up for lunch if I happen to be running late!

My friend has been raving about this place for a while now and keeps saying how it has the best gyro in town.
I just always thought he liked it so much because of the fact all gyro's are $4.99 each.
I thought I'd give it a whirl yesterday for lunch with my little 11 year old friend, Natalie.
As soon as we walked in, all smiles and cheer were given to us.
A very friendly and welcoming greeting was in place.
Luckily, we already knew what we wanted to order.
One gyro combo worth $7.99 which included a fat gyro, fries, and a drink, and another gyro for me.
Natalie and I shared the fries.
There's the option to get garlic fries, so we got that one.
With excitement building up, we got back to the office and started pigging out!
I'm happy to say that the gyro was great with full of flavors and the combination of cow and lamb was a hit!
It didn't need any sauce which surprised me because I always want the sauce with it.
As for the garlic fries, don't get it.
It was a mixture of being bland overpowered with fresh garlic.
It also lacked in sodium.
Now, I love garlic but boy was the garlic in this poured way too much.
Possibly they should rethink their strategy on the fries.
I would not recommend ordering this to anyone.
Sorry Buddy.
I will, however, order the gyro again.
As for my little 11 year old friend, Natalie, she has never eaten Greek food before and loved it.
For a little girl like her nearly ate the whole fat of goodness.

this place is great!
i love that its a little family owned place.
my co-workers and i came here for lunch because it is 2 minutes away from work.
we all got a combo plate of some sort....the gyro combo is $7.99 for a pretty generous gyro, french fries, and a drink.
another friend got the gyro/rice combo plate which was also $7.99.
definitely worth it for the amount of food you get and its pretty legit.
i also love that they check on you to make sure things are ok with your food.
its a weird mix between a fast food place and a sit-down restaurant.
either way, i like it!

Buddys is the place to go when you want a gyro OR if you've never had one and want to try one for the first time.
Havin' never had a gyro before I was a little weary, but my husband told me I had to try one (& hes a picky eater, so i trust him, lol)  When we walked in, a young lady who worked there opened the door for us.
How sweet.
It helped because my hubby was carrying our one month old in her car seat.
Buddy, the owner and this young lady were all smile and very friendly.
They explained the menu to me and told us how they cook everything.
such great service.
i could tell right away that this was a family owned place that made everything from scratch and really appreciated their customers.
they treat you as if youve been going there for years.
love that type of service.
made me want to come here all the time, and i hadn't even tried the gyros yet.
I've always heard that lamb is gamey, but this lamb was cooked to perfection.
It's very tender and sliced into bite size portions.
The cucumber sauce stuff they put on top is very good, and thats surprising to me cause i can't stand cucumber.
impressive.
Tried the garlic fries & they are delish!
Very innovative.
Had never had such fresh garlic fries.
Mmm, good.
Yes, they do put a little too much garlic, but hey, what better way to keep the vampires away, hehe.
Jk'ing.
But garlic fries are only for the die hard garlic fans.. in which i am one.
Buddy came by twice to make sure our food was okay and to ask if we needed anything else, how sweet!
the last time he came by, he offered us a sample of one of his sweets.
Don't remember the name but i didn't like it.
The hubby did.
But Buddy gets an A+ for trying.
This is the place to go for lunch.
We've been here a couple times since and will continue to do so.
We'd come more often but we live 25 mins away.

I went to Buddy's for the first time last night with a group of friends.
Buddy, Sherri, and Nicole (the owners) were warm and welcoming.
They really care about their guests and make sure people leave happy.
The warm pita with homeade hummus and tzatiki were excellent... actually some of the best I have had in Las Vegas!
The falafels were also fantastic.
Prices are unbeatable and I recommend anyone in the Chinatown area to stop by for a bite.
Even if you arent't in the neighborhood, its worth the drive.

Best gyros in town for 4.99 And the hummus is a must Can't beat the value or the taste

My boyfriend and I dined for lunch at My Buddy's Cafe and the food was outstanding!
The service was very friendly and the Gyros were great!
$5.00 for a Gyro, can't beat that!
We will be back for sure!

Great Gyros!
Super affordable, nice small business with terrific owner/operators!
Try the Pastrami Reuben, Clam Chowder & of course the Gyros!

ordered 2 different gyros, and the best thing that we got were the french fries.
you know its bad when even the soda had a weird consistency no idea what was wrong with it.
the regular gyro, (for 4.99) was well below average, edible but not good.
both the sauce and the veggies tasted wilted, and expired.
the chicken gyro tasted foul... if that was grilled chicken..... (taste like it was boiled first then thrown in a microwave... absolutely disgusting.
(the veggies and sauce also tasted off on this one as well)  i'm all for bargains, but even if they were a dollar each it would still be over priced.
(and mcdonalds mcdoubles are light years ahead of this place.

i love this place and go here whenever I don't feel like cooking.
Buddy and Nicole are the best.
they dont mind that I bring my toddler in with her happy meals so I can have something decent to eat.
The hummas is the best I've ever had - they must make it on site.
I love finding places like this that are family run.
They keep prices fair and the food is homemade and GOOD!!
Love the Bud.

I only get to come to this small mom-and-pop place when I travel to Vegas, but it's a must-stop when I am here!
The owner and his wife are very friendly and always inquire weather I like the food.
Still the best gyros I've had, and the garlic fries are perfect!
If other people don't like me smelling like garlic, too bad for them!
They should have gone to My Buddy's too!

A great local, family-owned restaurant!
The staff was genuinely very nice and helpful, and set me up with their loyalty card on my first visit- which I plan to put to good use.
The restaurant itself is small, and clean, and colorful- very comfortable and welcoming.
As for the food, well, it was phenomenal!
I got one of their recommended specials, a chicken gyro, and loved every bite of it.
It's a little tucked away, but well worth the hunt.
Find it!
You won't regret it!

This is one of my favorite lunch spots.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
The staff is wonderfully friendly.
I go here at least once a week and will continue to do so.
Great stuff!

Thick tasty cucumber sauce (better than Mad Greek) and friendly family joint.
Ton of flavored coffee, like the Heath.
Can't wait to try rest of menu

Pretty solid for a friendly, neighborhood cafe specializing in Greek food.
The service is great here.
I must have been greeted 3 or 4 times by different staff members when entering.
I tried a gyro here.
The meat is flavorful and the veggies are very fresh.
The yogurt sauce really makes the gyro and is delicious.

BEST.
GREEK.
FOOD.
EVER.
Also has the best customer service since it is owned by a lovely and funny family.
They are so cheery and they make you feel like you're in their Greek home.
The food is very delicious and the price is unbelievable !
I love the garlic fries as well.
They have this cute punch card where you get a free gyro at the end, which i think is pretty nice.
TRY IT.
TRY IT NOW.
You won't regret it!!!!!!
Seriously.

Best greek cafe in town!
Best gyros, best baklava!
the garlic fries were unique (never had them before or anywhere else) loved them!
Its hidden behind the Pho 87!
the owners Nicole and Buddy are really nice and committed to excellent service and getting to know the neighborhood customers!
Please tell them Alex sent you!

We're always looking for new lunch options and my brother could eat gyros morning, noon and night so we checked out Buddy's for lunch.
It's priced right and fresh.
It's not my favorite in town, but for the price you can't beat it and it's better than dozens of others.
The staff is always friendly.
They hook us up with spicy green sauce.
I haven't figured out the flavors, but it's good stuff!
I love the gyro with a kick.
My only complaint is that I prefer a softer more pillowy pita.

Tried many different gyros from different places in town and this will always be my # 1 ,  just the best!

This place is family owned.
The decor is cheesy enough but hey, that's what makes it a pop and mom restaurant.
As for their food, I only get their lamb and steak gyro with regular or garlic fries.
Must have the hot sauce!
To die for and to burn your tongue with!
Totes recommends this place if you're in dire need of a NYC-like halal cart food.

