I have been to another one of these in northern california and I have to say I was disappointed in my steak.
It was charred on the outside and I couldn't cut it with my fork like I normally can.
Not a good place to check out in Vegas.
I would try another steakhouse.

I enjoy this place because its near my apartment and its open until 3am every night!
Forget the appetizers and sides..none of them are exceptional.
Just get 2 petitte filets rare with no butter and save room for the bananas foster for $30....a pretty pimp dessert indeed.

This was a very nice Ruth's Chris, it's kind of in a dumpy strip mall, but worth the cab ride.
As usual, the wine list was excellent but seemed overpriced more than usual.
(I guess it's Vegas.
)  The steak is excellent, as usual.
They seemed to cook the steaks extra hot with extra butter, they cautioned us to cover up with the napkins if we didn't want to get burned.
but the steak was wonderful!
The sides were very good, but seemed a little lighter than normal.
The decor is standard steakhouse, tasteful, dark, woody, with bright paintings.
The service was superb, as always, the manager came out to see how everyone was doing.
As always, an exquisite dining experience (especially if you are into steaks and butter...)

I usually love Ruths Chris, but this particular location was pretty ghetto.
It's in the center of a strip mall next to a Subway.
It's not what I expected.
The food was consistently good as always like all the other Ruths Chris locations I've been to.

First let me start off by saying that I'm a FAN of this chain...But this location is the worst.
The experience was bad from the start.
The upscale chain in the middle of a strip mall...the wait time for a confirmed reservation.
The Warm Spinach Salad in which was cold with very little dressing(usually served warm hence the name of the salad) then to top it all off my petite fillet with shrimp ordered medium served bloody with fishy shrimp blech....not so much.
The sides of steamed Broccoli (hard) and the sweet potatoes (tooooooo sweet).
This was the worst dinner that I have ever had in Vegas and at a Ruth's Chris...the only good thing was our server...and the calamari i had elsewhere after eating at this location.
Lastly, when i went on line to leave a comment, i never received anything back, so keep driving past this Ruth's Chris.

For a chain this (flamingo ave) Ruths chris is in my top ten of all times!
Open till 3am awesome wine great steak and service.
I have been to four RC's and I think this is the best.

Good Points -   Open till 3a.m!
Like a good steak house in Vegas should be!
Live music  Good appetizers  Love the sizzling dishes that come out - loaded with flavor  Yummy garlic mashed potato's  Great service  Laid back yet upscale  Off the strip and easy to park  Downside -   Not the best location, but it beats fightin your way into a big hotel on a busy weekend and waiting in a long line to get in, walk thru a giant casino, wait for table, walk alllllllll the way back to valet, WAIT FOR VALET!

Probably one of my favorite steak houses.
I just like the way they cook their steaks.
Especially when you hear it coming to your table sizzling with butter.
Yummy!
I came here once at 11 PM and I ordered a steak medium rare and it was in front of me in less than fifteen minutes.
Wow, such quick service.
I also had the au gratin potatoes and it was creamy and cheesy.
I also like their shoestring potatoes,tasty and very crispy.
They had several ways of cooking spuds and they all looked inviting, too bad I could not order thenm all at once.
I have never had bad steak here.
Its an old reliable for me.

When I eat at a Ruth's Chris, I've come to expect excellent food and even better service.
My experience at this location, however, did not meet my expectations.
It's located in a strip mall so the parking was convenient, but the façade was not very impressive.
Our party of 6 came in a bit staggered and our half was not greeted by anyone, instead we had to find our way to the table where the rest of our party was seated.
The waitress was friendly, but gave the "welcome to Ruth's Chris" spiel with the enthusiasm of an airline stewardess explaining how to put on a life jacket in the event of a water landing.
I ordered the Crabatini which was excellent.
A friend of mine ordered the calamari for the table, though, and it seemed like someone pulled the squid out and just fried up the breading.
It also really needed a remoulade or some kind of sauce to dip the fried bits into.
Shortly before our steaks arrived, an overly gruff and visibly uncomfortable server's assistant arrived to direct us to avoid touching the plates as they are 500 degrees and to hold our napkins up so we don't get splattered with the sizzling butter our steaks would be bathing in.
My ribeye steak and the rest of our party's filets arrived.
After taking my first bite, I thought, where is all of the sizzling butter I was warned about and craved?
The steak was good, but just not as great as all of the other times I've been.
My side of sweet potato casserole was as delicious as I remember though.
After finishing about  1/2 of my ribeye and settling into a meat coma, I realized that my mild irritation with the dining experience was not being helped by the view of the other servers loafing and leaning against the front counter or the excessively hot temperature in the room.
It is Vegas in the summer time; it is alright to crank the air conditioning up!
There was no dessert for me; I just wanted to flee the scene.
I am sure I'm being overly critical but Ruth's Chris is supposed to be a top notch steak house with superb service.
Other times I've visited rated 4.5 to 5 stars; maybe this location just needs some new management.
I will return, but just not to this location.

My mouth waters just thinking of this place!
The BF and I went to Vegas last weekend, and opted for a dinner at Ruth's Chris.
We'd been to this location about a year ago, and after the horrific service we received at their Paradise Rd location this past February, we opted to come back here.
It is located in an unassuming strip mall a good distance from the strip, but if that keeps my wait time down to nothing for a table, hey I don't mind the $11 cab ride out there.
The service here is just wonderful!
Our waitress was friendly and helped us pick out a bottle of wine.
And our food came out just at the right pace.
Both of our steaks were cooked just as requested and were mighty tasty!
Sadly though, it appears as though this location is closing down =( They had a sign in their lobby directing patrons to frequent the Paradise Rd location in the future.
And I guess that means the end of Ruth's Chris dinners in Vegas for me, since I refuse to return to the other location.
http://www.yelp.com/biz/ruths-chris-steak-house-las-vegas-2#hrid:YfjHw0PU2ZRJiE4yItk5EQ

THIS LOCATION IS NOW - CLOSED!
Bummer.
Years ago when I lived in Vegas this location was one of the first restaurants I fell in LOVE with!
Late hours, live music and fabulous food!
Now there is still the Paradise location, but its not nearly are relaxing as the old one.
R.I.P Flamingo Ruth's Chris!
You will be missed.

went here awhile back.
the one thing i remember though is really good food:)

Headed here hoping for the unbelievably delicious steaks and soups that I have had numerous times at the San Diego Ruth's Chris.
Had a few very disappointing experiences at Mortons in San Diego, and have been looking forward to getting back to quality steaks.
Unfortunately, it wasn't meant to be.
I'd like to say first off that we told the waiter we were in a bit of a rush, and we ordered as soon as we sat down.
He was absolutely great, and got us our first course within 5 minutes.
Unprescidented for a Ruth's Chris.
Unfortunately this review is about the food quality.
The soup was not good quality at all.
It was very clumpy and dry for a Lobster Bisque.
Totally gooey and thick in the mouth rather than smooth and correct.
I was disappointed because I had brought friends there to experience my favorite RC dish.
They politely said how great it was, as I grimaced.
When the steaks arrived (petite filets) they were overcooked, burned around the outsides, and dry.
Very dry.
The unbelievable "sensory explosion" of the typical ruths chris steak was simply not happening.
I should note the steaks came in normal time, so I don't believe the chef rushed them, resulting in poor quality.
The steaks just had little or no flavor, and I was left feeling bloated, but without the obligatory sense that I'd just experienced one of life's greatest pleasures.

The first time I went to this place was In March of 08.
We went for my 18th birthday.
To be honest I'm a huge steak fan, and when I heard that Ruth's Chris was the best of the best I had to try it.
First things first the service was great.
Our waitress was on the ball with everything.
Then the food.
I ordered a New York strip medium rare.
The meat was unbelievably tender and full of flavor.
I was even able to cut it with a butter knife!
No lie this place knows how to tenderize.
Then on to the sides, first I tried the garlic mashed potatoes and the texture of the potatoes were excellent!
Had a Great birthday with my family and girlfriend but the only thing was the downside was the bill =/ Around $900 for 12 people

When i was in Vegas, me and my friends wanted to eat good so we tried the Ruth's Chris here on Flamingo down the street from RIO.
To start off, my roommate Eugene wore a wife beater shirt and they would NOT let us in!!
I was like "wth??
"....Even i was wearing a beater as well but because i'm a girl, it's acceptable and for him it's not??
Whatever...anyhow, Eugene ended up wearing one of my girly fuschia cardigans in!!
LOL!!
it was SOOOOOOOO funny!!
they let us in and us 4 ate there.
The girly cardigan was stretched beyond belief but it was fine with me because i was going to throw it away anyhow.
The host sat us down with a dirty look.
What a snotty girl.
Don't they want to make more money??
Anyways, i ordered their filet mignon and it was not even done right, i asked for it rare medium and they thought i was retarded until i explained it to them.
At first the waiter kind of snappy with me and said "we only do it medium rare, that's what you're talking about, correct?
"....i said to him "i want it more rare than medium and that's why i said rare medium and not medium rare".
I think he got offended or something.
I'm no chef by any means but i told them that i would like it about 125-130 degrees farenheit if that makes it easier for the chef.
I said it in the most genuinely and sincere way but i still don't think he appreciated me telling him.
LOL, whatevers...i was having a good time watching my friend act gay with my hot pink cardigan on.
hahahaha, The steak turned out whatevers.
Service was rude, food was overpriced and not even made close to my liking.
The one in Orange County is SOOO much better, they actually care about their customers and the chefs take pride in their cooking skills.
We left them a good $25 tip for our $100 bill, but i also left a lil note letting them know that they should lighten up a bit ;)  Oh, and if you're the owner/manager at this specific Ruth's Chris and you're reading my review, tell your host that works there on sunday nights that i think she needs to take a break and relax already!!!
::))

