Came by this restaurant and boy were my cultural eyes opened.
They had many strange and fascinating items from south of the border.
The first is called a taco.
(tah-ko) A curved fried shell with beef, lettuce and cheese.
Next was a burrito.
(boo-ree-toe) An unfried, rolled shell with beef, lettuce and cheese.
Then a tostada.
(toe-sta-dah) A flat, fried shell with beef, lettuce and cheese.
I can't even describe the fish taco, it blew my mind.
All kidding aside, a clean, good, fast-food restaurant.

Oh Del Taco, when I lived in California you were a saviour for those late night munching feasts..  And you prove to be the same for those late night Las Vegas nights on the drive back from the casino to our hotel..
I love you chicken burrito WITH special sauce and your crinkle fries.. And don't forget the Mr. Pibb!
Sigh..

FREAKING AMAZING!
Probably because I REALLY wanted Del Taco!

Meh.
Not my favorite Del Taco, but it will do.
Food was hot and just ok. For fast food its decent.

If you have never eaten at a Del Taco, eat there when you go out west.
They are all over Vegas and Los Angeles, and for fast food-- awesomeness and yumminess.
Cheap and fast, as expected.
I live in Virginia, and Del Taco haunts my dreams.

They have the most rude manager ever!
They always talk rudely in the back.
They tell you to leave when you don't order right away.
I love Del Taco but I won't put up with these people again.

Love this del taco location the food is always fresh the customer service is great and the food is always made on time and they never once messed up my orders each time I came here.

In the past...our experience with this del taco hasn't been good..but the last time we visited it was so on point...drive through did it all right...as of right now..we will eat there again...Ty for the reborn experience!!

this is an update on the last review...again great service from the drive thru.
I didnt have to ask for any extra stuff with my meal.
Drive thru worker (host) Guillermo was on point and did a good job expediting my order...just want to give him proper recognition for insuring i had a good meal.
my order was a dinner order and it took place on Nov 15th 2013 at 642pm.
Once again del taco goes the job right and puts most drive thru fast food resturants to shame!

Fast!
Fresh!
Friendly.. Don't need to say more

Its Del Taco.
Better than Taco Bell by far, and really good.
This location in particular, is awesome.
They are always fairly quick, and have never messed up an order...and we do a lot of "special" things, like "no special sauce" on one taco, and sour cream on another...
I love the value menus...this is a great location.

Del taco is a solid fast food restaurant for sure.
They have a great value menu.
The restaurant was very clean and the staff was quite friendly.
The chicken soft tacos are incredible as are their chicken quesadillas.
I wasn't a fan of their chilli cheese fries.
They are located all over Vegas and out west.
It's def a must try when you get the craving for quick tacos.
I'm still addicted to Taco Bell tho but del taco can be a healthy alternative.
Enjoy

