Smoky, dirty, old, tiny bathrooms, what more can you ask for?
Its like double down, but without the assjuice.
Although they do have half yards...I like little dive bars like this.
Much more character than your standard locals bar.
They also have a shuffleboard table, which is surprisingly hard to find in this town.
Live music on certain nights, with fun local bands.
The bartenders are all great, and very friendly .
I think the only downside for some might be the fact that they only have a beer and wine license, so if you want hard alcohol, go somewhere else,...
I'm sure theres a PT's close by...probably 6!

Ok 4 stars because of the people.
I forgot about this place.
Yes they serve Beer.
Nothing too fancy.
There's gaming and stuff.
I actually got hustled on shuffleboard by one of the locals there.
This Russian dude.
He was actually hella cool.
But we definitely got tag teamed byt them.
It's a pretty chill locals bar.
Sure the bathrooms are gross, the floors aren't the greatest.
But this bar has character.
Not a lot of places really have that.
Seriously the people in there were hella cool.
So I gotta give em 3.5 stars Beer selection is good.
It's not the place for froo froo drinks.
If you like to keep clean...this is definitely the wrong place for you.

A friendly dive bar!
Filled with locals and visitors who just want to relax and have cold brew away from the strip!
Have a 1/2 yard and chill and watch the interesting people come into this joint!
5 stars for the bottle beer selection and the chill people, check out da menu on da wall!
A couple of games in the back, the usual assortment of shuffle and dart boards, along with a pool table.
This bar does have some character!
Some live bands in the weekend, with interesting assorted theme nights!
The staff is totally laid back and cool to everyone!
So, sit back, relax, and enjoy a brew!
Au Votie Sante

so 1st off, I feel a little odd giving this place an "a-ok" because the last time I was here, I almost got shot in the parking lot because a couple real hood fools got into it in the parking lot and started shooting at each other while I was pulling up.
So it is a real ghetto ass place be warned/  I never went back after that..what girl would?
But before all that I used to love to come here and see bands and acts like Ink Floyd, an old vegas hip hop act.
Anyone remember them?

You like dive bars?
Then this is your place!
Cheap drinks and a fun, easy-going atmosphere.
You can play shuffleboard and they have Karaoke on Tuesday or Thursday nights.
Really nice people that work there too.
Stan is great!!!!!
:)  Kelly is a great guy too!!!!!!
Money Plays is connected to El Taco Fresco, which is some great Mexican food especially when you are drinking some beers!!
So if you want a place with no cover, that you can go in a t-shirt and jeans and hang out, then this is your place!

I've been a regular at Money Plays off and on for close to 20 years.
If you're looking for a overpriced fancy drink in a meet market, go somewhere else.
Friendly staff and a nice little restaurant next door to satisfy the hungries while sucking on a cold one!
Along with the 1/2 yards of beer you can join their 100-yard club (actually 200 1/2 yards).
It's not promoted as heavily as it once was but you can see proudly displayed on the walls the hall of fame of loyal 100-yard club members - some who have gone on to score over 3000 yards!

$4.00 half yards on Wednesdays.
This is more of a locals spot but its really chill and sometimes they have live music.
They don't do cocktails but they've got a great beer selection and they've got sake too.
Very chill atmosphere and El Taco Fresco (now El Taco Feliz) is next door!
What a bonus.

This dive bar rocks!
Great bartender's with personality!
great drink specials!
tv's!
I go here by myself it is so cool..don't anyone but my stool and beer to have a good time!
Is dark in there I love it!
El Taco Fresco taco shop is connected by an adjoining door, order food and they will bring it to you at the bar.
Check it out!

Definitely the dive bar to go to in Vegas.
Bartenders are friendly, drinks are cheap, and the food next door is pretty great!
Low pressure, wasn't loud.
Just make sure to order a water from the tap.
Otherwise you are paying $2 for 8oz of water!
Not touristy at all, not worth leaving the strip for, but if you end up around it, for sure worth the stop.
If I moved to Vegas it would be my local dive.

Money Plays is a bit of a Vegas institution having been around for over 20 years.
A lot of people know it as a gaming bar in a strip mall on Flamingo just East of Decatur.
However, within the last 8 months or so it has become a craft beer destination, in the manner of Aces and Ales and The Freakin' Frog.
If you're a beer nerd or you're just looking for someplace cool to hang, this is the place.
They have several great draft beers and even more bottles.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable; especially Nick and they're all very good about helping you find a beer that's right for you.
The bar also features video poker, a shuffle board table, a juke box & live music on the weekends.
Also, the food at El Taco Feliz next door is reasonably priced and delicious and they'll bring it to you in the bar!

Seedy bar.. Music nightly.
Beer list great.
But they need better liquor to bring in the gash.
Premium blend liquor doesn't cut it.

Was a Freakin Frog regular, but got tired of the stuffy attitudes.
I really missed the beer list, though, and Yardhouse doesn't come close.
Most Yardhouse beer servers couldn't tell the difference from a Westvleteren and a Bud Light Wheat.
But Money Plays is unpretentious, boasts a Frog-like beer list because they poached one of the best beergeeks (a compliment) ever to pour for Mr. C., the prices are just right and the staff is helpful and knowledgeable.
If you live on the West side of Vegas like me, it's easier to get to.
The interior is nothing to boast about but after a couple of belgians it won't make a bit of difference.
Cheers!

Money Plays is one of the friendliest bars in Vegas, along with one of the best craft beer selections--by far the best on the west side of town.
I am a beer snob, and I am extremely happy with the beers they offer, with great prices to boot.
Whenever I have a friend in town looking for great beer, I take them here.
All of the bartenders are knowledgable and friendly, especially Nick and Stan, the owner.
El Taco Feliz next store serves some awesome tacos, and they deliver right to your place at the bar.

I stopped in on a Friday night...squished past a bunch of people...and left.
The draft list wasn't impressive enough for me to stay and the crowd was rough enough that I'd keep checking for my purse and phone,had I stayed.
I was just looking for a nice comfortable environment to have a few drinks...ended up staying about a total of five minutes, then went to Tenaya Creek.

Do yourself a favor and don't pass up this great little neighborhood joint.
Hands down my favorite bar in town.
Extensive and constantly growing beer list, every flavor of Cruzan rum imaginable, and Underberger!
Voodoo Donut beer (maple bacon flavor)!
Prices are great (especially for this town) and the crowd is always an eclectic and fun mix of people.
El Taco Feliz is right next door and will deliver delicious, cheap Mexican food to the bar for you.
If that's not your thing, just ask the staff... they'll tell you what can be delivered.
What really makes this place is the staff.
We've experienced 5 star hospitality from Nick, Stan, Mike, Lani, and Elvis.
They know what we like to drink, make excellent recommendations, and have introduced us to others that we may have something in common with; we've met some really interesting people.
The Money Plays staff makes everyone feel welcome and right at home.
Their slogan is "It's like Cheers on acid" - it really is!
We brought in some friends from Germany who have been coming to town since 1977.
They've seen it all and wanted to go where locals hang out.
They loved Money Plays so much that it was all they talked about the rest of their trip; even planning to bring family there when they return.
Mike introduced them to another patron with friends who own a pizza shop in Germany, and they visited it when they returned home.
They said Money Plays is the best and most welcoming bar they've been to in the States.

It was by sheer freak accident that my girlfriends and I stopped by this bar.
We were in the Mexican food joint next door and I happened to walk through the open door.
"uhhhh, what???
There's a bar connected to this place!
" What a nice surprise!
What originally meant to be a quick stop for nachos, turned into a three hour beer drinking, shuffleboard learning, laughter infested night with Nick and Jason.
We had an assortment of strawberry, cherry and even Maple bacon beer!
Great variety of beers, nicest barkeeps off strip and a great place to chill.
I will definitely be back!

So we had a Groupon.
This place started out GREAT.
Played shuffle board?
I think that's what is was called.
Friend grabbed some mexican from the place next door.
He was happy.
But then when it came to the jukebox.
What a joke.
The owner (so I was told) put in like, 50 bucks worth of music.
Which is FINE so long as you don't let anyone else waste money in there.
It's not like we just had to wait it out - they had bands coming in at 9 or 10.
So the music we played wasn't just not going to play for a while.
It just WASN'T GOING TO PLAY.
Period.
Don't get me wrong, it was only like, 10 bucks my friend put in.
But when I approached him he really responded to me like I threw money in a video poker machine and gambled it away.
Eventually, I was able to wear him down to refund some of his money.
But what a prick about it.
So yeah.
Last time I go there.
Pros would be the other bartenders.
Super friendly and talkative.
Opinions on the beers.
Cons would be no liquor license.
What is a bar without a liquor license?
Not sure on the reasoning of why they don't have one.
But oh well.
All in all, not impressed.
Won't be back.
But great if you want to hear whatever sh*t the owner dominates the jukebox with.

The best way to spend a Friday night if you like cold beer great music and a very comfortable atmosphere.
They have a huge selection of beer and the food is cheep and good.
The staff is great.

Cool peeps, cheap drinks!!!

UPDATED BEER!!!
AGAIN!!!
I love this place... Hell, I'd go just to hang out with Vince the bartender.
Seriously, the beers here just keep getting better.
Also, it seems like the crowd has changed to more laid back, fun people.
Might have something to do with the music, which changed back to classic rock and reggae...   GO, DRINK, SEE YOU THERE!

UPDATE: For 7 years, I have been calling Stan, Vincent... and every time, he laughs and corrects me.
This may make me sound ignorant, but I swear, I have been consistently calling this guy the same, incorrect name, since the week I moved to Vegas :)    Sorry Stan!
I love you and all the work you do.
Please accept my apology and continue to operate a fantastic establishment!

Hey-Yo!
I just found me another bar!
Money Plays is super close to my work yet I would have never paid it any attention if it weren't for my fellow Yelpers.
You've done good, guys.
Thanks.
It's kind of a dive-bar atmosphere- there's really nothing too out of the ordinary here except for a giant shuffle board against the wall.
Just your standard bar.
The draft selection isn't even that impressive quantity-wise, but I'm more of a quality girl myself and Money Plays has it.
They have an interesting, varied selection of beers on tap and you can try a sample first before committing to a full glass.
I tried some awesome pumpkin ale that I will be back for once the weather cools down.
This time around I had a pear cider (the name escapes me) and a really smooth Belgian-Style Ale from Goose Island (called Sofie).
Yum.
It appears they get some new drafts in weekly for all you beer experts out there who are looking to expand your beer knowledge.
Happy hour drafts are $4.
Not interested in the draft selection?
Prefer bottles?
They've got you covered with a large list of bottled beers available.
And there's a full bar if you're not the beer-drinking type.
The crowd is friendly and fun and not the "what are you doing in my bar" types.
Oh, and our bartender was awesome!
I don't remember her name, though.
Sorry, I'll remember next time!
Definitely check this place out if you enjoy craft beers or a dive-bar atmosphere.

For several years now, Money Plays has been my watering hole of choice, despite the fact that I live close to 30 miles away.
I did use the term "watering hole" for a purpose...
This place is a hole.
But isn't that the charm sometimes?
Duct tape between the carpet and tiles on the floor, a shuffleboard that tilts so far towards one side that even a weeble wobble might fall down on it, and homemade citrus vodka that could clean the rust off the Titanic.
All of these "charms" make this a place where I want to go despite the competition around town.
The TVs are never tuned to Fox News (like PTs), the incredible beer selection is insanely cheap (unlike the Freakin' Frog), and the bartenders take the time to get to know you and what you actually like to drink (unlike and casino around town).
The crowd is never uptight and you can almost always meet a new friend.
The tap selection has expanded to something like 24 handles in the past year and they have close to 100 bottles on their menu which are ALWAYS on hand (see my previous comment about the Frog).
When friends come to town and want an off-strip place to drink, I take them here.
When coworkers want to go out, I take them here.
When I need a new beer to drink, I come here.
When I want uptight bar patrons, overpriced drinks, bartenders that have no clue what the difference between a wit beer and a hefeweizen, obnoxious lights, chest pounding music or if I feel like having a bad time, I will go elsewhere.
I won't mention the staff, because everyone else has and for the most part they are spot on.
I do take issue with Stan being called a twat, though.
Stan is a stand-up guy who genuinely cares about all of his customers, until they disrespect him.
And Nick?
Well he's just ugly (I believe that he suffers from an acute case of gingervitis).
But aside from those two things, most of the reviews on the staff are spot on.

Money Plays is an old Vegas pub.
It's been around for 20 years at least, and it definitely has that character to it.
It's nicer than a dive bar, but not quite a sports bar.
Relatively small, it is placed right next to a Mexican restaurant that actually scores a 4.5/5 on Yelp!
Not bad food according to my friends.
I picked up some Thai food from Krung Thai for myself.
:)  The attraction to Money Plays though is the beer selection.
While not on the level of Aces and Ales, Money Plays offers a wide range of beers.
Their draft list consists of great craft beers from Goose Island, New Belgium, Unibroue, North Coast, Squatters, and Uinta just to name a few.
The bottle list is also extremely extensive, featuring a lot of Dogfish Head, Mikkellers, Maui, and Lagunitas.
They even get Brewdog's Sink the Bismarck when it comes to town.
The bartender, although new and not yet up to speed on craft beer, was very friendly and a native Las Vegan.
Can't go wrong there.
If you are into craft beer, Money Plays is a must visit!

One of the best beer selections in the city.
They now have a full liquor license as well  which should appeal to the those who like a stiffer drink.
Open mic or bands are usually playing on the weekend for entertaining Live music.
The food next door (attached) at El Taco Feliz is also amazing and puts this spot over the top.
Why aren't you there yet?
Go see Stan and his awesome crew!

Why is this the best bar in Vegas?
They have the most diverse beer selection I've ever seen.
It's most likely the only bar in town that serves Goose Island beer on draft, and they have three of them!
Sofie is the best, with Matilda a close second.
This place is not gross like Divebar and Double Down (not that I don't like Double Down, but I don't want to use their bathrooms ever).
They have awesome Mexican and American food right next door, actually attached to the bar.
You can order at the window and they'll bring your food to the bar.
The carne asada and chicken tacos can't be beat.
The fries are really good too, and bonus, they come in handy if you've had a bit too much to drink.
Bartenders are all awesome, as is Stan, the owner.

Totally a hidden spot on the Flamingo Road near the Palms.
This bar has the best beer selection in town without breaking the your Gucci wallet.
Went there on a Friday night around 10:30, wasn't really busy.
That's what I like, getting served by the bartender.
Just like other bars, it does get smoky but it wasn't that night.
Food is ordered next door, you do have to go there and order it yourself but you can go back to the bar and they'll deliver it for you.
They usually have live music or open mic.
Games are fun especially you have to chug your beer when you lose.
Haha.

Is there any place better than this?
Sorry, silly rhetorical question.
Unquestionably the best place for beer in Las Vegas.
Yes it's a $15 cab ride from the strip for tourists like me, but folks trust me, if you are a beer nut like me, this is the place for you!!
Look for great coupons at couponsinlasvegas.com (free tacos and bonus on straight flush!
Maybe, I shouldn't tell others about this and keep this great bar all to myself.
Goose Island, Sculpin, Dubhe all on draft!
Great selection of bitter beers for a bitter guy like me!
P.S.
This is my favorite spot for breakfast!
(Beer that is!

I love this bar.
It's my kind of place.
As dive bars go, this is as good as it gets.
It is unassuming and that is part of the charm.
This is not the place for specialty cocktails, but it holds its own in beer selection.
Working where I do, and going out with beer enthusiasts, I am always in search of a new favorite.
From this previous visit; Matilda and Whiskey Barrel are those beers.The latter is a sneaker.
At 12%, it is deceptively smooth and will creep up on you.
What makes this place even better is the cooperation of all the businesses around it.
Not only can you get food from the adjoining taco shop, you could also get hookah delivered from the other side.
The gentlemen behind the bar are informative and beer savvy.
I gave a few character notes I prefer in a beer and they had a handful of selections.
I shot down a few and they kept them coming.
I will become this knowledgeable even if I have continue to down a road towards alcoholism.
I can't wait for the next team building experience!

Perfect bar to go to for a great beer and a welcoming atmosphere.
They have been there for over 20 years and became my favorite after work hang out for years.
They have live music, shuffle board, darts, golden tee and good Mexican food from the restaurant next door.
Plus they always have a rare selection of beer.
Try the Rogue Hazelnut in a half yard.
If you order enough half yards you will receive a nice warm Money Plays jacket that is perfect for the winter.

I get different experiences every time I come to this bar.
I can come here and it has the aura of a craft beer bar, while other times I come here and it seems like your slum bucket dive that can be found all over Las Vegas.
The selection of beers is decent.
The taps usually change, but do not expect to find anything that is going to wow you or surprise you.
This can often be made up for by bartenders or patrons willing to share bottles with consumers.
In this way the bar makes very good beer culture in what very little exists in Las Vegas (though its still massively improving).
The rest of the bar is pretty iffy.
It has gaming, so you will get people who hogs seats based off cheap video gambling.
It can be hard to find a spot at the bar on crowded nights.
The food is really a Mexican restaurant connected to it that can bring your order to you.
The food is nothing special, but its a solid base for when you plan on sampling many craft beers.
The bar is two-faced, so you never know what you might get it.

I come here on Thursdays for open mic night.
Great entertainment.
Great staff.
Great friendly atmosphere.
Love it and will be back.
The only bad thing is that after happy hour prices go up and drink sizes go down.

love this dive bar!
now they have Draft Beer and IPA's and additional liquour.
Stan is the man!

Forget the name.
Forget the location.
Forget the bar atmosphere.
This place has the best Craft Beer selection in town.
Recommended by a coworker and following the reviews, this was my first visit.
I was pleasantly surprised to see the long list of craft beer on tap - and the longer list of bottles (or cans if you like Big Swell).
The staff is very knowledgable about all the beers and will allow you to taste a few before you make your real drinking selection.
Ultimately, I decided on the Dogfish Head Indian Brown Ale on tap.
But I really enjoyed tasting some of the other less known IPA's that you can't find anywhere else.
The only reason to come to this place is for the good beer and perhaps a game of shuffleboard!
They don't serve food, but partner with a Mexican eatery next door.
It's a small dive bar for sure.
But who cares when you can get awesome beer at the most reasonable prices in town!
5 stars for serving awesome beer and not charging guests an arm and a  leg to drink.
Best beer selection and best prices in town.
My mouth is watering right now just thinking about returning here!

Discovered this place on accident.
I was getting a burrito from the Mexican restaurant next door and they offered to bring me my food to the bar.
Played some video poker to get a free beer only discover that their beer menu is amazing.
And so are all their staff.
I realized I had been there like 8 years earlier and hated it.
Times have changed.
Great spot to discover some awesome new beers.
And they now have their full liquor license.

So this is what you call a dive bar right?
Well, I have to admit that I enjoyed my time here, cheap prices, good music, nice atmosphere, well, will repeat again next year (Well, in 302 days....)  :)

Money Plays FTW.
This neighborhood bar has one of the best beer menus in Las Vegas.
The menu is delightfully curated by true beer snobs who know their stuff.
The selection is always diverse, and they occasionally have specials (on my last visit they had a Ballast Point tap takeover).
The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the beer that they are serving.
The prices for the beer are very fair, and competitive with the other few craft beer bars in town.
They also have a couple gaming (non-gambling) machines and a table top shuffleboard.
The only thing stopping me from 5 stars is that it is one of the smokiest bars I've been to in Las Vegas.
As a non-smoker, I don't enjoy smelling like I smoked 5 packs.
However, because of the great staff and the beer selection, I will keep going back.

This place gets popping on Thursday and Friday nights.
Open mic takes place both those nights along with a pretty decent happy hour.
The place usually is packed so I can't really blame that on waiting a couple of minutes to get served by the bartender(s).
The staff here is amazing - my friends and I have become familiar faces.
You will witness amazing talent on those 2 nights so I suggest you go those nights.
It starts 8 to midnight (sometimes later).
The only thing negative thing is that the place can get a little crowded.
I wish it were bigger.

Hands down the best bar in Vegas.
Better variety than aces n ales or freakin frog.
Knowledgable and friendly staff.
Not too smoky even on a weekend night.
If you're a local and you like beer this is your spot.

My weekly spot!
I love coming here every Friday to watch all kinds of performances, from stand up, to singing, to beatboxing, to rapping and spoken word.
There's so much talent in one little bar, but if you want to go and be a part of the crowd, you have to come on Thursdays and Fridays.
It's always fun, people are very chill and its good to see familiar faces.
My friends and I always sit in the same spot, cheering on the performers and our friends that perform.
My brother, my boyfriend, and my cousin all perform as well.
Happy hour is from 8pm to 10pm I believe and that's one of my favorite things!
I suggest all of you come at least once, you'll be hooked!
It's a fun experience and its always a great place to spend a chill Friday night :)

Quickie review: Though I am not a frequent bar guy (I tend to enjoy my beer at home with a bowl of hookah)...this is my go-to spot.
They have a great selection that has never been the same two visits in a row, their staff is friendly, they embrace community events and their owner, Stan, is the man.
Selection: Beer: As noted, Money Plays has a great selection of beer.
By that, I do not mean they have an army of kegs hooked up in the back Yardhouse-style but they do have both your standard blue-collar beers (Bud, Coors, Miller), as well as, a selection of craft beers that entertains a wide variety of tastes for the discerning beer snob (which I can be at times) and they rotate them out at a steady pace to keep things interesting.
Not-beer: While I have never seen a reason to entertain beverage options at this establishment that were not beer....they do have spirits now so they can whip up a decent amount of cocktails.
Price:  This bar is definitely fair on their pricing.
I noticed a comment complaining that their bill ran a little higher than they expected and that ruined their experience.
Well, for those that may not know, craft beers, especially if ordering by bottle, comes in all shapes, sizes, and unique-ness.
When venturing into craft brews, you need to realize that they can, and often, get priced out differently due to these considerations so you should not expect a uniform cost to be applied.
That being said, if there's any concern, ask about the price ahead of time....trust me, the staff will answer you and they not think the less of you for doing so.
That being said, for those are not new to craft brews...that places gives you great selections for a bargain.
Atmosphere:  Channeling my inner Ron Swanson: It's a bar.
There's a counter.
There are seats.
They have tvs.
There you go.
I kid but it is your standard bar but they do have a "stage area" (which I will touch on soon) and shuffleboard table...boo yah.
Events: They definitely cater to local artists and performers.
Thursday and Friday nights are open mic nights....no cover charge....free entertainment with down-to-earth people.
Go support local artists and have a great drink while you're at it  Food: I should mention this.
While Money Plays, themselves, do not serve food, they are connected to a bomb-ass Mexican restaurant attached to it.....soooo goood

My favorite dive bar in Vegas.
It has alot of character and charm with a wide selection of craft beer and delicious Mexican fare next door at Tacos Feliz (they share space).
Stan's the owner/bartender and he's the coolest cat.
Tell him he looks like Busta Rhymes stunt double, lol.
Thursdays and Fridays are open mic and local Vegas musicians.
Scensters and hipsters come crawling out of the woodworks for the debauchery and entertainmet and girls with piecings and tattoos drape the bar with their  presence.
Come thru, the 1st beer is on you.

Was here for Open Mic to watch a friend perform.
The bartenders are super friendly and introduced us to their specials.
Plenty to drink!
I didn't get to explore the whole bar because it was pretty packed the night I was there, but I did enjoy my time.
There are a lot of local college students who go here, made me feel old but most of the people were welcoming (I'm from San Diego).
The restroom was clean too!!
There are too many bars that are filthy, this one surprised me.
If I'm ever in town, I'll be sure to grab a drink here and enjoy the entertainment again.

The best local bar in vegas.
All types of unique an tasty beers.
An if your in the mood for something a little stronger they have that too.
A great place to hang out on a friday night.
The best open mic nights on thursdays an Friday's gotta check it out.
Love this place.

Craft beers so close to home!?
I'm there!
Nice little dive bar, very good vibes at this place.
the beer menu is large (bottles and draft), and the bartender (Mike) was fantastic.
Great place to watch football.
each time I have gone in for Monday Night football I have been surprised by free food at halftime!
The first time hamburgers from the connected Mexican restaurant,  the second time was homemade gumbo compliments of a bar patron!
A great touch.
My only complaint is that Mike kept giving us random beers even though I would have preferred to order on my own.
I thought they were being comped (complimentary) since we were gambling.
It sucked to get a larger bill than anticipated for drinks you didnt really choose.
I should have spoken up, so it wasn't the biggest deal.
Prices on the menu would be my only other recommendation.

I worked a minute away from Money Plays for close to seven years, and yet I never stopped by.
Located in a strip mall with a Burger King, it didn't seem like much of a bar.
Was I wrong!
The highlights:   - Great craft beer selection, both draft and bottles, with a rotating selection  - Bartenders that are quite knowledgeable of said craft beer selection  - Big shuffleboard table, longer than the ones I've seen at other bars  - Electronic dart board  - Occasional live music  Money Plays is also connected to a Mexican restaurant, but I've been told that it is nothing special.
If you do get hungry though, they will bring the food over to the bar for you to continue drinking while you eat.
But back to that beer selection.
The collection here ranges from your standard Guinness all the way to $100 bottles of Brewmeister Armageddon, a beer that clocks in at 65% ABV.
The staff here makes a world of difference by being able to make recommendations based on beers you already like.
Or you can tell them what you're in the mood for and they'll point you in the right direction.
A beer selection like this would be a bit less impressive if the bartenders didn't know a thing about the beverages they serve.
A+ for both product and customer service.

Great spot for beer lovers.
First-rate staff in a dingy dive bar, serving up superb brew.
Throw in a few rotating taps, some old-school shuffle board and a kick-ass playlist... well my friends, you got a damn good taphouse on your hands.
Easily a five star stop if it suddenly became non-smoking.
Go.

Great beer on tap and there's always something new to try.
One of the best beer bars in Vegas

My first visit to Vegas... And this was absolutely my favorite thing about the whole trip.
Money Plays has a fantastic beer selection (the reason why we came was because this was advertised as having the best selection).
The dive bar atmosphere is so refreshing after gambling all day on the strip, so we were happy to just sit and drink for hours here.
I want to give a shout-out to Tracey who was so wonderful to my friends and I.
She's an awesome bartender that made us tourists feel at home and we will definitely come to Money Plays again next time we're in Vegas.
:)  Lastly, love the shuffle board!

Great spot .... family birthday party there this evening, and I truly enjoyed myself!!!
Awesome job you guys!

Great little dive bar.
Friday nights are really busy and they have live variety entertainment.
Service was good could use a little extra help.
You can order food from a little Mexican joint next door and they will bring it in the bar.
Food is subpar but heck your drinking.
Great time and memories.

This is a badass little dive bar.
If this was closer to me, I would definitely frequent this place.
They have a limited,  but excellent select of draft beers on tap.
Ofcourse they have the standard Bud Light and Stella on tap, but they also offer premium craft beers for reasonable prices.
The day we visited they had Epic Brainless on Raspberries and Dogfish Head Worldwide on draft.
The first bartender that left just before we did was super awesome.
He was on the ball, multitasking behind the bar, washing dishes, all without missing a single request.
And this guy was freaking hilarious, actually funny, not the normal bartender humor that you laugh at to be polite.
He changed the channel on the tv so that we could watch the basketball game and told us about some of the bottle specials for $3.
The next bartender that took his place was not functioning on all cylinders that day.
He seemed oblivious to his customers and he kept changing the tv channel on our basketball game, which we repeatedly asked him to change back.

Money plays lost my respect and trust last night.
The lady pulling the raffle tickets was screening them before she pulled the tickets.
I showed up early because I called in multiple times to confirm the start time and they waited over an hour after the 7pm start to begin the raffle.
When I asked one of the bartenders when it would start he said he was trying to hold it off because his friends were coming and they have tickets.

This place started out rough .
the Guinness keg needed to be changed out .
but the bartender made it up .
two 3/4 full mugs for the price of one .
NICE SAVE.
The whiskey and coke was proportioned just right .
not a single shot .
and not over poured .
just perfectly poured .
about a shot an a half.
She mentioned that we could order food from next door .
but we were not hungry at the time .
only thirsty .
and since it tasted so good, we deviated from our rule and had three drinks.
Since this place was so good during the day .
I'm betting that it is even better at night .
with that said .
it is definitely on my return trip list.

Once upon a time I went here on a first date.
It didn't pan out, but a great friendship over a love of beer did.
Now we get together pretty often to visit Money Plays.
Money Plays is a great hidden gem (one of my go to Yelp terms).
Tucked away in a shady looking little strip of shops on Flamingo, Money Plays has a beer selection that will tickle all your wildest fantasies.
Bottles and drafts of your good old favorites like Alaskan Amber and Stella, but SOO many other rare brews that rotate so often you will wish you lived in the ghetto across the street.
Pool tables, darts, and shuffle board will keep you entertained if you don't know how to chat about booze.
The bartenders are super knowledgeable and will talk you up about the drinks for hours.
The one thing this joint is lacking is some bar snacks at the least.
There is a small restaurant next door that will deliver to your seat....
I think it's tacos and such, but I don't think the hours are the greatest and in Vegas you are going to want food at 3am.

Came here for a friends 40th birthday party.
It was open mike night (Thursday edition) so that was our entertainment.
Bartending staff was pretty good, Stan (owner/manager?
) was a really nice guy and very knowledgeable about their beers.
Some excellent craft beers on tap!
Mixed drinks were a little weak for my taste - too much cranberry in a vodka/cran.
Great little place.
The open mike acts were not too good this night, but a pretty cool eclectic mix of people hanging out.
I'll return for the craft beers.

Been there a long time...and that is the proof of the pudding...
Seems they do it right...Was a beer bar for ever and then they got their booze go ahead...but that did not change the feel of the place...
Even have an old time shuffle board game that runs nearly the length of the place...  Music some nights and decent machines...A good combo for you at MONEY PLAYS...

Our go to dive bar while in Vegas.
It's gotten a bit nicer over the years as they continues to add tvs and other sorts of entertainment.
They have a really good beer selection and nice/friendly bartenders.
Also shuffleboard and Golden tee are always fun.
If you get hungry order some hot wings or a steak quesadilla from next door and they will bring it to you.

This like the name,,,this place is right on the $Money$!
Superior Service/Selection(Craft Beers) to go along with a "happenin" atmosphere!
Anything else would be un-Vegas like

I'm obsessed with this place.
It's a definite dive and you won't appreciate the awesomeness until you go inside.
The bartenders are amazing and know their regulars by name.
Probably because I'm there way too much.
They have a wide variety of beers on tap and bottles, gotta try them all!
They also have an open mic night on Thursday and Friday hosted by Vegas on the Mic which brings out some great talent and entertainment.
They just started offering hookah in the bar too!
Happy hour is from 8-10 also :)   Stan, Mike and Kareem are awesome and are always there to make your visit enjoyable and entertaining!

Good selection of draft & Mikey the bartender is capable of treating a full bar with individual and timely attention.

This place is a little different then most bars but i love the crowd over here!!
The bartenders are always friendly and funny and give you a great experience!
I would tell this place to focus on being clean and the playists here sucks!

A little divey, which makes it comfortable.
Wide selection of interesting craft brews.
Good live music every time I stop in.
Plus the decent taco's from the adjoining window help to soak up the booze.

I love Money Plays!
It's another little dive bar with shuffle board and some of the best beer selections off the strip.. Been coming here for years now.
Stan the owner is awesome!
We love Ian and Mike as well and no matter how long it's been since we've been in they always remember my friends and me and greet is with smiles.
It's a welcoming place for the most part.. You can also rent a hookah next door or order mexican food and they'll deliver!
Open mike night is always fun too..
However..
This is why I give it 3 stars... last night we were in and the bartender was so rude and disrespectful.
He's the new late night grave bartender.
I've never had bad service there and last night was the worst!
I think he said his name was Clint.
He made us feel uncomfortable and we left after 1 beer.
It was a slow night and I guess we were annoying him by being there.
But all in all I always loved this place.
Bosteels is on draft and they have great prices.
Will never be back late night.
You go to have a beer to relax and unwind from your day, not to be made fun of and disrespected :/

