I rent from this branch every other month.
The staff is great - attentive, professional and eager to help!
Highly recommended.

Horrible service.
They refused to take my rental car back and said I had to take it to a different enterprise - as the auto body shop i would need to be taken to was "too far away" - even though it was only 4 miles awAy.

Harley Rentals at thie Enterprise!!!!!
Hello The location was 4517 West Flamingo Rd Las Vegas, Nevada 89103 I would like to leave a positive review for the staff at the Harley rental location.
We rented an Electra glide 2013 for 3 days when we were in Vegas visiting family.
The service and attitude was well above superior and I consider it the best rental experience we have had.
The staff, Andy and Lisa was simply fantastic.
They picked us up at out hotel on time, drove us to the rental location and we had a selection of bikes.
They went to the trouble to find us one that had a 12 volt adapter we needed for our GPS.
They gave us routes, answered every question with knowledge and concern.
They operate the the best bike rental in Las Vegas.
We had an amazing time thank to Andy and Lisa.!!
Happy New Year and we will see you soon, so nice to deal with pros!!
On 07/01/2014 2:02 PM, Enterprise Customer Service wrote:

This is hands down the best place to rent a car in Las Vegas.
They are priced less expensive because of their location and the staff is incredibly accommodating.
Kojak, Amy, Reed - amazing service!
There is no better place to rent a vehicle

I don/t make negative remarks but the experience I had, i must share.
First of all I do appreciate the great price and p/u and d/o service.
That is very reasons that I've rented with Enterprise for over 3 years.
I am currently a platium member.
I am very disappointed with Flamingo/Decatur office, ESPECIALLY with branch manager.
Here is my story.
I was spending few days at Mandalay Bay hotels (pools) with my family.
Due to luggages, I decided to rent a car (took 40min to get there.
)  I knew my credit card was maxed out due to hotel bills.
But I was confident that the Enterprise will take care of me.
WRONG!
I was denied by the Branch Manager (initial R.M.
) because I could not furnish my employment paperwork with my debit card.
Explained to him about my situation and my past rental experiences, and this is what he said, 'I cannot bend a rule for you.
All other renters bring their papers with them to rent."...
further he said, "the other branch managers who bent rules are no longer with us.
(sarcasm, sarcasm)"   So, I walked out and called my credit card company to request for credit extension.
This is what CapitalOne credit card rep. said, " being a loyal customer, and understanding the situation, we are glad to extend  your credit to rent a car.
"  (Now that is a customer service - evaluate the past and granting loyal customer under situations.
)  I went back to rent a car.
Of course, Branch manager saw me but avoided me and sent Assist manager which she was not very understanding as well.
I asked for reginal manager's phone number but of course it was chasing my tail which led to no where.
Left a message to someone but no reply.
Lastly I got the car but with bitter feeling.
I know that there are bad apples in the box, but sometimes the quality managers must identify and get rid of before sending it to the market.
These two people must go back to customer service training AGAIN.
Preferably, they shouldn't be managers.

Had a great time visiting Bryce Canyon, Zion National Park and Grand Canyon in a 40 mpg Fiat.
I easily extended my rental another week.
Would do it again.
Beautiful part of the country!

