Perfect place to start out your Saturday night....Drinks are made just the way you like'em.
Bartenders are really attentive & make great suggestions....Although they were fresh out of my Goose... the offered another great cocktail.
Food was really good on my last trip, the usual Fingers but instead of fries you get warm kettle cooked potato chips.
Of course as many of you Vegas yelpers know, the restaurants are now separated from the bar, although you can eat at the bar they will not serve you.
No biggie, unless your to toasted to get off your seat... not that I was but,...anyways.
Start your evening here, you may end up finishing it there too.
(ps.
drink responsibly)

This is a great bar.
I like to come here and unwind with girlfriends.
Food is good, although not spectacular--just your usual bar fare done right.
Bartenders are attentive and definitely earn their keep.
I love the little modern touches to the otherwise older-Vegas feel--like the large swivel computer screen where a plethora of fun games can be played--I especially liked the puzzle games with semi-naked women--a good touch to a drunk night!
I'll be back again.

i could ask for no more in a bar.
this place is down the street from my work and 24/ so its convenient.
i work at a nightclub and a bunch of us always come here after work and get hooked up to the max.
smoking allowed, great food, great drinks.
jukebox, pool table and darts.
love

Good, good drinks, ok food.
Burger was the best and it's better than spending a fortune in Palms.
And it's open 24/7.
do not eat anything fancy.

Good food and excellent service, will definitely go back.

My cousin is a resident of Las Vegas.
We asked her where do the locals go to eat and she told us The Loose Caboose.
The four of us ate for less then $30 and were stuffed.
My cuz got the french dip (really good), I got the chicken philly, which was also good.
My dad got the chicken fried steak which is enough to feed two people and my mom got a "cup" pf soup which was really a big bowl.
Everything was really good and satisfying.
Remember to get the cow chips which are home made potato chips.
Hot, crispy & great!
You won't want to share, promise.
I'm not going to say that you need to eat here but if your looking for cheap eats in Vegas, definately stop by this place.

The old hag with the bad wig behind the bar is so unfriendly.
She and another old lady who works there stand around and gossip about customers.
I was sitting right next to them listening, like two jealous school girls.
DUMP!

Loose slots, loose bartenders and loose atmosphere.
Drinks are strong and music is loose on the JUKE.
Joey was my bartender he was like the cool cat just chill and used to dealing with the in crowd but oh, wait, Im not one of those?!
Oh well he is still cool!
So party on and enjoy.
Thanks for the drinks!

If you are looking for a place to got to that is not the "normal Vegas rigmarole" I would suggest this place.
It' nice and casual, staff is very pleasant, and its not far from the strip.
I met a friend there and we were able to talk while having drinks and eating comfortably.
Prices are very reasonable.
Id go again!

Delicious food!!
I know this is my first review and so it won't hold much stock in the yelp Community but based on the reviews we tried it.
It was EMPTY which is sometimes scary when picking a restaurant but it was really good American food.
My husband had the French Dip based on another review, I had the Club and my son had the chicken strips.
All of it was really good.
And the ranch is excellent!
Very happy with the choice, good food at a great price.
The only bad thing was the table was a little dirty and sticky.

Not a bad bar.
laid back atmosphere.
Meet friends here for a going away and had alot of fun.
Bartender was quick and cracked alot of jokes.
Definetly a place to catch a drink and relax away from the strip and not be filled full of smoke like a PT's...

My favorite local neighborhood bar!
Open and serves food /alcohol 24 hours a day on top of live gaming if you want to test your luck and drink for free!
There are 2-3 TV's on each side of the bar usually on ESPN or whatever game's on and a jukebox in the corner if you want to play DJ.
(If you hear "Free Bird" and "Hotel California" back to back look for me!
)  If you go late at night expect some locals, on-break or off cab/limo drivers, and some neighboring Palms employees coming to enjoy some cold ones.
The bartenders are always laidback and I never have any issues here.
I would highly recommend the nachos/hangover skillet if you are looking to grub!
Enjoy, I go at least once a week!

My absolute favorite bar in Vegas!
Just a great place, great atmosphere, great bartender - Andy is the best!
Have been coming here for years and will continue to go!
Great place to pregame before heading to the Palms too (or elsewhere).

The name and even waking up to the door, I wasn't expecting much.
Honestly, I was expecting to walk into a topless bar.
We were just looking for some decent burgers close to us, and this happened to have good reviews and was right across the street.
We got a wide variety of the menu, and we all shared each others food, and every single thing I tried I would highly suggest.
Sadly, we just went to the 9 and spent 200$ for 2 of us.
I spent 30$ here including apps, and I thought the food was just as, if not better than 9.
I suggest skipping the 5 stars, and hitting this dive instead.
It's cheap, and the food is awesome.

Came here a couple of times for lunch because it's close to my office.
Susan is a great bartender and server very attentive.
I ordered the hangover breakfast skillet the first time.
The portion size is huge and everything you would want for a hangover.
The second time I ordered the steak and eggs.
I was pleasantly surprised at the size of the steak it was the size of both my hands (granted I have small hands so probably a man's hand, but still pretty big).
It was the most perfectly seasoned piece of steak I didn't need any additional sauces or anything.
I ordered it medium rare, it was a little more on the medium side, but still very tender.
The eggs were ordered medium, it was a little on the softer side but I didn't mind because the English muffin tasted delicious with it.
The hashbrowns could have been crispier but I didn't request that.
All in all the best steak and eggs I have ever had at a bar.

I would rate lower if I had a choice so let's just say one star is generous and leave it at that.
Walking up to the bar I noticed the banner on the side of the building promoting drink specials.
The $4.00 Bloody Mary sounded good to me.
We walked in and sat down next to where the Bartender was resting.
After imposing on him for a drink I was informed that the specials advertised are no good and the drink is now $5.50.
The price is not a big deal, I ordered one and it was average but the principle of deceiving customers and borderline disrespect able service lost this customer forever.

Meh... We got the Philly cheese chicken with tomato soup and the beef dip with fries.
Only good thing was actually their tomato soup, very tasty!

It's kinda dive-y.
But more importantly, it's themed.
So yeah, a dive theme bar.
And what's not cool about that?
It's got a full bar, but nothing particularly different or unique.
The menu has several options, including all-day breakfast.
It's a neat place to check out just for theme.
It's next door to the Palms, so it's a good spot for stopping before or after.
I suppose your experience will depend on day of week, time of day, and bartender serving you.
Can't say we had that great of a bartender, which definitely impacted our experience.
Perhaps a different day, time, or bartender and I'll like this place more.

The food was good.
I had the steak and eggs.
Shannon had the French dip.
It was too much for her to finish

Food/Taste: A As an appetizer we ordered the "Nacho Ordinary Nachos" which were excellent!
For my entree I had a Caesar Salad which was also satisfactory (although its hard to mess up a salad).
Order Accuracy: A Everything came out as ordered.
Selection: B The menu was somewhat limited, but still functional.
Service: A Our waiter seemed to be running the entire show, he was also the cook and did a hell of a job all things considered!
Price: B For the amount of food and the service, the price was mostly justified.

Don't judge a book by its cover or a train by its caboose!
The place is seemingly just another rundown local bar.
Being right next to the Palms in all its glory doesn't help it set itself apart from its first impression.
Get past that and you'll find some delicious food combos that'll satisfy any late night craving.
Well worth the stop, all aboard!
Every time I've been, it was a ghost town compared to the hustle and bustle of the palms/rio nearby.
That is a definite plus.
Great food at an awesome price on top of getting to avoid the masses of drunk patrons..win-win!
Let them eat their stale toast and plastic eggs at the respective casinos' cafés and waste some money at the machines while waiting for a table, you'd already be eating by then :)  Ok, so you might not want to be particularly concerned with being health conscious, this is not the place for that.
It would probably 'derail' any diet.
This is food, fried and delicious and filling.
Portions are way too big.
Don't take a 'loose caboose' home with you!
We always split a meal with two or more...seems like there's still some left over for later.
The food was great.
Interesting assortment of comfort foods with over the top kind of combos to include the best parts of each of the usual favorites.
The portions are HUGE!
Though not many employees are there and may take a minute to find one, service was prompt and efficient.
Everything ordered was correctly served.
The price is inexpensive, especially with its proximity to the strip.
I'm down to board this train anytime I'm in the area.

