Why would I even review my gas company?
I'll tell you why...
I'm a simpleton when it comes to anything around the house...gas fireplaces are probably the last thing you would even want me to operate.
Thankfully I got married and have a husband who can deal with these things.
So what happens when the husband is out of town?
I turn on the fireplace (as well as 90 candles around the house) and settle myself to a Psych watching marathon.
Suddenly, the glowing fireplace goes off.
Just like that...and it doesn't turn back on.
I tried multiple times for 2 days and then I resigned myself to waiting for my husband's flight home.
Now, it's a Sunday afternoon and I am lazing around on my couch.
I'm talking to my husband over the phone and tell him about the fireplace.
He freaks out (he has good reason to because of history) that I am going to blow the house up.
To appease his worrying mind, I call Southwest Gas.
Mind you, this is Sunday afternoon.
Scott...the wonderful gas technician comes over and is nice enough to wear booties after I told him we don't wear shoes in the house.
This may not seem like a big deal, but there are some service people that make a big deal and show a long face when we ask them to take off their shoes/use booties.
We keep a box of booties at home and offer them a pair and still...they moan and groan.
Scott was a perfect gentleman about it.
He quickly and correctly surmised that I was an imbecile when it came to the gas fireplace.
He checked it out, OKed that the house wasn't going to blow up and even messed around with the settings to figure out what was going wrong with it.
He gave me some suggestions on how to fix the problem ($2 Home Depot suggestions so I'm happy) and was even telling me that the fireplace had too many rocks in it and pointed to me which ones to remove.
Oh, he even walked me through how to remove the screen so I could clean the fireplace.
I like Southwest Gas.
They are responsive, courteous, have great phone etiquette and Scott their service guy was just top notch!
Also, it doesn't hurt that our bills haven't been that crazy on the gas front too!

I wish there were multiple options with gas because this company is incredibly frustrating.
I just moved here and all the other utilities are up and running.
However SW Gas has made the installation process worse than any other utility provider.
First they need me to fax a copy of my lease and ID.
No other company required this and the order was fulfilled with one phone call.
Second they can't ever find the fax once it's sent.
I just called in to follow up for the 4th time and they said the department is at lunch so I have to call back.
Most Utility departments never close between 9-5 but this one does.
They all go to lunch at the same time.
Very un-professional of them especially when most people can only call at lunch.
On top of that the rep I just spoke to was apathetic and completely un-helpful.
1st installation date is missed and the house is cold.
This company is horrible and there is nothing I can do about it except write this review.

This place is the worst!!!!
They never showed up to turn the gas on!
Now it's the weekend and won't be open til Monday.
Had no hot water or gas for 4 days!!
I have 2 toddlers cold & this is ridiculous!!
At least have an emergency line we can call to tell u guys u forgot to come to our home !!!!
Especially when I keep calling asking and they say they will be on the way & can come late til there done with all the orders.
BULLSHIT!!!
I paid my bill in full and now my family has to suffer !!!
No stars!!!
Pissed off

They make your payment choices so difficult.
They gave me little to no notice that My payment hadn't been received but It was brought to my attention when I tried to prep food for dinner and the pilot was out.
They turned off my gas before 4th of July even though I made many attempts to pay.
They they did that knowing that they wouldn't have been available to turn it back on before the following Monday.
If there was any possible way of getting around from needing there services I would.
Have a Happy Air Force Day

