I brought my eight year old daughter in for a check-up with Dr. Tasha Wells.
She was wonderful!
My daughter was a little nervous and apprehensive, but Dr. Wells was so kind and showed her all the equipment and explained what she was doing and why she was doing it.
By the time the appointment was over, my daughter was disappointed she didn't need glasses!
Amazing customer service!
We were greeted with friendly smiles from the moment we walked into the door from the girls at the reception desk.
As well as a positive and friendly demeanor from the Dr.   She truly cares about her patients well being!

I was in the office two weeks ago to order glasses for my son.
At that time I made an appt for my husband and asked for the first available appt as the last two visits to the office I had to wait more than 45 minutes.
They assured me it was the first appt of the day and sent me on my way.
When we arrived for the appt the office was full.
When i asked how long the wait was, they said the doctor was open.
After ten more minutes they called us up to do paperwork even though he was a returing patient.
At 2:15 we left the office after not being seen for a 1:20 appt.
After almost 20 years of being a patient of Dr. Ohriner, I'll never go back.

I have been to this business twice, once last year and again this year to be fitted for frames using my VSP insurance.
I really like the easy stress free process of the eye exam and fitting.
I was able to find a very retro and fashionable pair of glass frames this time around so I was super duper pleased.
My last visit I had brought my own pair that I had already purchased elsewhere.
They have a really good and hip selection of frames!
I dig the staff because they are prompt, get down to business and super nice.
They are also very flexible with appointment scheduling which is a bonus with my extreme chaotic schedule!

Saw Dr. Shannon Chandler for an exam and contact lenses.
She acknowledged my need for contacts and agreed to file the claim against my insurance.
Actually got the managers approval to do so, she said.
This was in May.
Every two weeks since I have been promised that the contacts are coming, now 2 months later the insurance tells me they never filed the paperwork.
Apparently they don't make enough doing so.
Used to be you could trust doctors.
Not these guys though.
Go somewhere else.

