Every time I come here they have a great selection of goodies for me.
I love the comfortable feeling I get when I walk in the door.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
Just the thing is that despite the Yelp classification of closed, this place is actually open for business.
Most people don't realize that Las Vegas is just like any other town with supermarkets and restaurants and Wal-mart.
You can save so much money in Vegas just by going a little out of your way and eating at a local eating spot or buying sodas at a local retail place instead of buying everything at a hotel.
The refrigerators in your hotel room have some open space for people who take refrigerated meds.
So no trigger to charge $5.00 for a 6oz Coke.
:) When I first moved here there was no gas station, but glad there is one now, now only if supermarkets out here would get one.

Friendly staff, clean store, has a gas station, closest location to our home, Redbox available, utilities can be paid here.
It's my favorite one but I could be biased since it's the closest one to my house ;)

I wonder why people choose to play slots in supermarkets and gas stations as opposed to a casino.
Wouldn't they get better comps/atmosphere/drinks at a casino?
Or is the urge to play so strong that they delay buying their Eggos and ice cream so get some triple play action??
They could end up blowing their food money!!
Is it because its smoke free?
It would be cool if they offered comp groceries based on play...that would certainly convince a lot more to do it.
Maybe Station Casinos should open some up in their casinos...how's that for being locals friendly?!??!
Free whole chicken with 25 points of play!
They also have the cheapest gas station in the area!!

This is another one of those places where I am at all the time, but never seem to review.
What I like best about this Smiths: 1) Gas Station - its usually the cheapest around, and much cheaper if you shop at the store.
2) Produce - the produce is usually very fresh, and very clean.
The selection isn't as vast as say Sunflower market, but its nice for the price.
3) Friendly Staff - many times grocery store staff are grumpy.
I've not found this to be the case at this Smith's location.
4) Natural Foods - this Smith's has a decent selection of Natural/organic foods.
Its no Sunflower, but when I need some organic fruits or organic snacks (e.g.
Annie's bunnies) this place meets my basic needs.
5) Movie Rentals - it has 2 RedBox machines and is in the same shopping center as a Blockbuster.
Makes getting a movie easy.
I am very happy this is the closest grocery store to me...and that it is a Kroger because I love their Private Selection brand!

I love Smith's... just not this location.
Reason 1: I purchased spoiled meat from here.
Gross.
Reason 2: I slipped and fell in a mystery puddle inside the store while carrying my 2 year old.
Embarassing and annoying...
I waited 15 minutes, spoke to 2 different employees and nobody did anything.
No "cleanup near the front entrance" blaring over the intercom... nothing.
Employee 1 just kept on doing what he was doing (restocking) only on the other side of the display (ummm...
I can still see you, dude.
You're 2 feet taller than the display) and Employee 2 did the same... only, employee 2 is a "greeter".
Reason 3: Same "greeter" different shopping trip told me he didn't feel like looking in the back for me for an advertised product that they had run out of on the shelves because "its Wednesday, we just got a shipment, it'd be impossible to find anything"... oddly enough this was the same answer from the lady he brushed me off on.
Only, lady added a "honey, you just don't get it!
" as well as a "check back tomorrow... or maybe the day after"  Sweetheart, I DO get it.
You're busy AND lazy AND understaffed.
I am a working mother and do not have the luxury of driving back and forth to the grocery store day after day with the hopes of finding an advertised product in stock.
Reason 4: This is in an older shopping plaza.
The parking and general traffic is horrendous.
Bottom Line: Go to Smith's just not this location.
Try the one on Rainbow just past Robindale... That one is pretty new and the employees practically bend over backwards to make sure you leave happy.

Wow!
This store is huge!
Colorful beautiful store.
It's pretty much a Ralph's with a different name.
Same company.
They took my Ralphs card.
I have to give it 5 stars because its open 24 hours!!!
We came here because we needed to pick up tickets at their ticketmaster booth inside the store for the Cooking Show at the M. Don't know why we couldn't just pick them up at the M, but its okay.
Glad we got to stop in here!
They even have a video poker room there!

This is my neighborhood Smith's, so I'm a regular here.
Coming from L.A.
I was first introduced to Smith's when I moved to Vegas.
I had always been a loyal Albertson's customer, but that has all changed in the five years I've been here.
Ah, Smith's is fantastic.
The prices are reasonable and I love their selection.
This one in particular isn't spectacular in any way, but the staff is friendly and helpful, which is the most important thing about a grocery store.
I never have to wait long at the check out register, if a line begins to form they always open up another register quickly to accommodate the rush.
Great customer service and fresh food.
That's all I ask and I get it at this location.

I use to shop at this Smiths all the time when I first moved to Vegas in 1993.
However, since I've moved to a different part of town, I rarely stop by anymore.
Since I had lunch at Laduca's Deli, which is in the same shopping center, I decided to stop in here to grab some stuff for the house.
The store is well organized and clean.
I was able to easily find what I was looking for.
The checkout process was fast and the cashier was friendly.
What more could I ask for?
Return Factor - 60%

This is my neighborhood Smiths and I have mediocre experiences here.
The customer service is lacking at the checkout stands.
And I'm usually hit up by a homeless drug user in the main foyer or parking lit more often than not.
But their prices are all right!

I like this Smiths.
It's in my neighborhood, has everything I usually want, and also has two Redboxes.
If you want baked goods it's best to come earlier in the day.
By night, almost everything is gone.
Also, it's open 24 hrs.
Cheap gas too.

This Smith's is a good size market with what I need to cook meals and have a few extras.
I love the butcher department with all the different selections of meat products, and I like that is 24 hours all day everyday.
My complaint is mostly the parking because whenever I go I find a new dent in my doors.

I like this smiths it's close to where I live they always have the stuff I need there the staff are helpful and friendly and the customer service each time I come here is good it's just an overall good shopping experience.

This is the better location.
The one on Flamingo is kind of ghetto...this one is just a little further, and its much nicer.
Plus, they have the gas station attached.
LOVE using my Smith's card for discounted gas.

I just wanted to thank everyone at this Smith's for what you did for my neighbor Susana after her wallet was taken.
She was so excited today when she came to tell me.
It was great to see her so happy during this difficult time for her.
All 50+ employees went over and above customer service.
Again, thank you for all you did!

It's okay here.
I wouldn't go out of my way to shop here...  Staff isn't friendly.
I would rather shop at Albertson's across the way.
They need to work on customer service..

I actually love the franchise.
Smiths is awesome but this was is disgusting!
The employees look like people you see on Judge Judy and the customers are just as ghetto.
I actually saw a woman with her young child...
The kids was carrying her bottle of Kroger brand whiskey.
Then in the parking lot three different vagrants asked me for money.
It was a little grimey for me.

Let me start by saying I like Smiths in general.
I love the store on Eastern and Windmill and the store on Green Valley.
I moved to Spring Valley three weeks ago and figured this would become my new regular grocery store.
What a mistake.
The first issue is the staff.
The folks working at the two stores mentioned above are wonderful.
So kind and helpful.
If you make eye contact they always say hi and ask if they can help you.
Apathy and avoidance of customers are norm here.
The staff acts as if they have more pressing matters other than the client.
Second, the store is simply not clean.
It seems like there's always a sticky mess in either the produce or frozen food section, with a caution sign but nobody there cleaning it.
The shelves are a mess too.
The parking lot is a mess too.
Carts all over the place.
Trash blowing around.
Staff out in the front smoking.
I'm done with this location.
I'll try another one.

In search of cake pops.
Not here.
This place was so dirty.
I would never buy anything from here.
I went for Cake Pop's or Cupcakes.
I just could not bring myself to buy the cupcakes because everytime I turned around  something was on the floor and in one spot it was soda or juice that spilled and it was dirt over it!
Eekky

