We lived here during the summer bc of rotations   - Great availability and trusting.
We asked for a place and got it a week b4 we moved in and signed all papers and paid when we got there.
- Modern feel.
you know, curved edges and high ceiling.
haha.
- 2 bed.
2nd floor.
fridge included.
$940/mo.
$500 deposit.
Received about 2/3 of our deposit back.
- You pay everything.
water, gas, trash.
electric is 100-150/mo for us.
AC constantly - Gated car parking.
2 assigned spaces.
One protected, other not.
Lots of parking for guests.
Close to apt.
barely any walking.
- Occasion beeping fire alarm bc of low batteries.
- washer n dryer inside apt.
- Nice neighbors.
quiet on the weekends.
- Rarely any bugs.
no spider or insect bites for me  - Pets welcome.
Roof!
meow!
- wifi good.
cox.
- pool, bbq grill, gym, and perfect you're hole in one.
- Great surveillance.
Had a camera on my car 24/7.
- Close to the public library and minutes away from chinatown.

Moved in to Borgata condominiums on July 2013, nice place well kept and quiet.
Well the quiet part is a little exaggeration due to the (FIRE RISER ROOM) coming on every 3-4 hours for about 20-30 minutes, yes even at night when you are trying to sleep.
Well when I first signed my contract they had really nice management at the front office, now I am not sure if they have changed management company but the new people at the office are really rude and very ignorant.
Back to the fire riser room, I called the office the first few days about the really annoying noise, at the time they meaning the people at the office claimed to have no knowledge about the noise, sent a maintenance employee out even he claimed he did not know what it was, yeah right!!!
long story short they said it would be fixed.
This problem still persists up until now it is December just came back from the office, lady at the office says she does not know what a fire riser room is, ARE YOU STUPID OR SOMETHING LADY, you live here.
Well apart from all of that I like the convenience of being close to shopping dining and entertainment in las vegas.
If I had to change anything about this place it would be the management, or maybe retraining for them would help a little, but you cannot help ignorant people.

I have lived here twice, from 2001 to 2004, and 2010 to the present 2014.
The location is fantastic but living here is not.
There are constant problems that never seem to get solved.
The worst by far is the constant incidents of the fire alarms going off for no reason.
They have malfunctioned at least half a dozen times at random for all of the years I have lived here.
This April or 2014 they went off three times in five days.
The first incident happened at 7am and lasted almost four hours.
The alarms are so piercing that you must vacate the apartments and hide in your car.
Three days later it happened again at 2am and lasted until 7am, I lost a nights sleep and had to call in sick to work.
When gathering outside with all of my incensed neighbors they told me to disconnect the alarms so I could at least re enter my apartment.
Management was totally unhelpful and gave us false information about the alarm company.
There response was always one of annoyance and non blame for these incidents.
Unbelievably, it  happened again two mornings later, but I must admit it was resolved after one hour.
The other incredibly annoying malfunction is the air conditioner and the heating.
They are constantly not working properly, I have asked so many times to have my thermostat changed, but they always, always blame the air filters.
As I am writing this my air conditioning is blowing warm air and it is over 100 degrees outside.
I have finally decided to move even though it is not time for me to buy a place.
I am forced to move out because of these unresolved issues.

I have lived here for a year the management is incapable of fixing the smallest issues.
The level of renter has gone down hill.
If you want gang members, strippers and gypsies this is the place.
Security when ever you have a issue will inform you to cal the police they are just there to observe and report?

