An old fashioned type barbershop.
No frills  or fancy products here.
The mismatched furniture makes this place a feeling of home.
Just a good time chatting with a familiar friend while watching tv and getting a quality haircut for a fair price.
Straight edge cuts are the classic here.

I've been using these guys for 5 or 6 years (well, now it's just one guy because the other one moved away).
When you walk in, you're in the middle of a hair salon, but if you walk through to the back, you'll see an old-fashioned barber shop with two barber's chairs.
I keep my hair pretty short (because it has turned very grey over the years).
I still can't believe how much grey hair falls on my cape whenever I get a haircut.
Anyway, the owner and lone barber, has been cutting hair for a long time.
I go in once a month, and he's always friendly.
I've never seen him not talk during a haircut.
I don't know how he doesn't lose his voice by the end of each day, but he's always smiling, and willing to talk about any subject that you want to talk about.
And if you don't feel like talking, don't worry, because he'll just do the talking for both of you.
After he cuts my hair, he get's a handful of hot shaving cream and a straight-edged razor, and gives me a close shave.
It always brings me back to when I lived in Brooklyn back in late 70's, and used to go to this Italian barber shop that had been cutting hair for like a hundred years.
They recently raised their price for a haircut from $17 to $19, but that's understandable.
I honestly don't know what the average haircut costs anymore because I haven't used any other barber.
I remember that my first haircut in a barber shop cost $5.
There's a TV in there and it's always turned to a baseball, football, or basketball game, but I'm sure that he'll turn the channel to whatever you want to watch.

I recently got a haircut here for a job interview and it was hands down the best cut i've had in a longtime.
I made it a point to search for a place that didn't come straight out of the movie Barbershop and i knew as soon as a walked in that The Prime Cut was exactly what i was looking for.
The man who cut my hair was named Alex and he's a phenomenal barber.
His attention to detail is second to none and my favorite part of the entire experience, outside of the conversation, was watching him work.
He is truly a master of his craft and I highly recommend anyone who is looking for an old school, no bullshit, haircut to try this place out.
I've had multiple people ask me about the haircut and I've made it a point to name drop both the barber and company.

