This is the shoe stores recommended by the school when I first started culinary school at College of Southern Nevada.
The students have a pretty good discount package for our shoes and uniforms, and I have dropping by various supplies (additional chef pants, knives, pastry tools, etc.).
I am just surprised that no one has ever Yelp about this great local vendor.
Anyway, I needed a new pair of non-slip, non-skid shoes for the kitchen, since I pretty much wore out the heel of the shoe I am wearing, and my last replacement purchase was not cutting it.
So I been stopping by to check on the pair I am still wearing until I can get a replacement, and they have not been in stock since at least one week before summer school officially started.
I check back pretty much once a week, thinking they should have them in when the other students have to get their gears for class, but still not in stock for the size I need.
Finally Brenda, one of the workers there told me I can leave my contact information so they can contact me when the shipment comes.
After about a week, I finally received an email from KM Shoes that they have a pair that is 1/2 size smaller than the one I am looking for, but they will hold it for me for a few days.
So I went in today, tried it on, and it was a snug fit, and I decided to just get it.
This is a great store with good customer service.
And the business is run by smart people, who knows how to manage their inventory as best as they can, so they can still operate and make a reasonable profit in this near recessionary economy.
If you work in the hospitality industry or is going to culinary school, or works in other professions that requires the use of non-skid, non-slip or steel-toed work shoes/boots, check them out and support a local business.
Culinary students gets at least a 20% discount, and I think people in the industry gets some discount as well.
And thanks again Brenda!

Unfortunately I purchased a pair of shoes had them for a few days.
when At the time of purchase the HELPFUL associate said I could bring them back.
IT was not my problem the policy was NOT STATED on the receipt.
I asked the Manager "K" what their refund policy was since it was not posted in the store... she RUDELY told me the shoes were not refundable.
SHE- the manager was NOT HELPFUL when I even asked for an exchange.
RIPOFF!!!
SHE needs a LESSON in CUSTOMER SERVICE!
RIPOFF!!
RUDE!

One of the few places in Vegas I have found to sell kitchen shoes for cooks.
I wish they had a better variety to choose from, but the staff was friendly and gave a discount for casino employees.
The shoes hurt my feet after the first hour, but I can't really blame the store for that.
They did have some other small tools available for sale.

UGGS!
Soooo I came here thinking they offered more than just work shoes and uggs, alas they dont : ( They have a small selection of Uggs for both girls and women, and biy are they CUTE!
I cannot see spending 200$ on a pair of boots though!
If anyone wants to buy me some, Ill def love you long time!
Here they also have shoes for workers, like hotel workers and food workers!
As well as boots for construction workers!
Its a small place but has many different shoes!

