NEGATIVE STARS!
waited for 30 mins alongside other patrons who were there 20 mins before me.
Horrible customer service.
I left to go to another BofA down the street on Rainbow and Warm springs where I got immediately greeted at the door and waited only 10 mins with someone in front of me.

If you go to this branch plan on waiting in line.
I've personally been a line from 440 to 530 pm.
Even though they close their doors at 5 p.m. Just to make a deposit even though I live 5 minutes from this branch, I travel all the way up Tropicana to the other branch just because they only have 2 tellers at the most working at this branch This branch definitely does not believe in customer service, sad statement, just left there for 5 minutes ago.
15 people in line 2 tellers at 1030 in the morning.

Agree with others.
Went in to solve a invalid charge they made to my account and waited 45 minutes.
I just learned that Bank Of America does not want customers to come in their branch locations.
Last month I attempted to deposit a check from my Chase account to a BofA account that did not belong to me and they would not let me.
So I deposited it to mine and transferred to the other.
I got my statement and they have charged me $18.50 because I made a teller assisted deposit to my account.
I am in the bank now learning that if you have an electronic account, they do not want to see your mug in the branch ever.
Since they had to look at me last month they charged me.
The branch manager Crystal Padua, at the Spring Valley Las Vegas branch REFUSED to do anything about it.
Instead she and the bank prefer to loose a customer.
They did, I closed my accounts.
I hope others get fed up with Bank of America's "Holier-than-thou" attitude and close their accounts.
What a useless as, Clark Howard says "Customer No Service", bank.
Stay away from Bank Of America, all branches, if you need to open an account and cross them off your list if you are looking to open a new account.
They do not want you in their branch.
If you go in they will charge you.

The worst ever I was escorted from the bank for trying to get a home modification & I had an appointment.
I've been trying for years & I finally got to actual see a person then was told I've never showed me ever applying for a modification , I've been trying since president Obama been in office.
So I'm still not going to give up no matter how many road blocks they put in my way.
They take our money use it totaled a vacation but refuse to help us when we need it & the president put the law in place to assist us the people.

Lots of hate on here, however I get mad at the branch at Decatur and Trop.
That place is a mad house and you will wait forever.
This however is a different story.
Came to the bank, people must understand that certain things take time and some of us need to lose the self important attitude.
I waited about 10 min, no big deal.
I met with Michelle B who is a personal banker.
Told her my issue of someone in Ohio hacked my account and over drew it so the customer service people on the phone suggested I go to a branch and get a temporary debt card.
She was very professional and courteous.
Very funny and seemed to genuinely care about my frustrations.
Got me my card fast and explained everything with every detail.
She also noticed that my signature was not matching my cards so she helped me with that as well.
This is the first time anyone in the bank has ever gone an extra mile to help me and I was overdrawn and expecting to be treated like a step child.
Very impressed I must say, even though there are negatives in all banking, Bank of America would be stupid to let Michelle B go, she is top notch customer service!!!!
Woody

