Came here for my annual car wash. Yah, I'm not great on keeping up my car's aesthetic maintenance.
They were quick and efficient.
I don't really have anything to rave about this place, nor do I have any glaring grievances.
I did have to ask for a few more touch up details when they were done, like a little extra scrubbing on the sideboards, which he did obligingly and politely.
I did notice they forgot to add the cherry smell I requested, but I didn't notice until I got home so I guess I didn't really miss it.
Heh.
Overall, just an ok experience.

I drove across the country recently, and my car was in major need of a wash and some minor repairs.
The wash I got was pretty good-- the guy seemed thorough, though I did notice some spots that weren't wiped down well once I got home, and I didn't smell the vanilla scent I asked for.
However, I would highly recommend them for their customer service.
Everyone was very friendly and polite.
They also offered to repair the small cracks in my windshield-- there turned out to be 8-- and when the guy discovered that my insurance didn't cover it like he told me they would, he gave it to me for free instead of charging me the flat $40.
I didn't have to even ask, he was so honest.
So I very highly recommend the company that does windshield repairs there.

Been going here for years, they always do a great job.
Ask for Armando, the smaller one, he's meticulous, absolutely awesome!!

CUSTOMER BEWARE, this is a horrible outfit.
We took our car there for a regular wash, they left the windows open thru the wash, and broke the electronic holder completely off on a brand new Lexus, that cost over $100 and denied everything even though we had witnesses and a policemen right there.
Since it is a civil matter, we had to take them to court.
The lesson here is avoid unethical businesses, and that makes reviews like this one so much more usefully.
We ran into a previous customer that says this is normal operating procedure, and that he avoids this place, but comes here only for company car.
Not sure what to think but will NEVER come back under any circumstance.
OTHER CUSTOMER BEWARE.

After driving down interstate 5 and getting coated with bugs and then driving across the blowing sands of the interstate 15 I needed a car wash.
Picked the "works" Act III wash for $27.
If I had known I would have picked some thing cheaper because it took 45 minutes to finish.
They did a great job but it took forever.
Luckily, There are plenty of drinks and video poker machines.

Awesome car wash!
My car always comes out looking amazing!
Thank you!

CLOSES EARLY WITHOUT NOTICE.
Says 4-6pm happy hour but arrived at 5:29 and it's closed.
Best Car Wash In Town.
Very Detailed Cleaning.
Always tip these guys they spend about 10min.
on your car drying and cleaning it.
TV And couches INSIDE.
But plan on it taking about 30min... and maybe longer if busy.

Visited Jan 2014.
The Mgr special was $24.
They did a nice job inside and out.
I'll return.
Took about 25 minutes, they hand buffed exterior.
Windows were clean and they vacuumed under seats.

Went in for a much needed CarWash on 2-17-2014.
Found this spot through groupon, the 49.00 manager special.
Called to ask what it all included and it had me sold when he mentions shampooing car mats.
The guy "Moss" checked me in telling me to not to buy the groupon the honer the same price.
Then I asked for pricking on shampooing the whole car he says about another $50 I passed & went with the manager special.
Waited an hour for me car and was really pleased with the job they had done & tipped really good.
The next day I hop into my my car I noticed a foul smell that reminded me of a dirty diaper.
Couldn't figure it out sprayed stuff to hide the smell and drove to work.
About 9 hrs later I hop back into my car with my girlfriend & the first thing she says is... what's that smell?!?
I told her I had no idea.
She then asked if my carpets were cleaned I said yes!
I checked & sure enough there still wet and smell horrible.
Called the next day & was told I would receive a call from the manager.
Minutes later "Moss" calls to ask what the problem was I simply explained & he tells me to not raise my voice I replied I'm not just wanna fix the problem.
He gets smart with me and tells me to bring my dirty diaper smelly car in so his boss can tell me the same thing he told me which was noting.
haha.
I called back to find out why he called and the boss didn't.
Girl that answer apologized about it and she was sorry for him being unprofessional.
I told her to tell her boss I will pass on Coming back to fix my carpets and will simply right this review to warn future costumers about the risk of shampooing carpets.

I love this car wash!!
I always take my car there and my car always comes out looking and smelling amazing!!
They even do what I ask them to do which is put all of our junk (kid toys) in the trunk for me.
lol!
They are amazing!

