On my most recent visit, I tried the Philly Cheesesteak with everything and fries for $7.99.
It has some potential, but unless mozzarella cheese is not used and unless chef folds cheese into meat instead of melting on top, this sandwich cannot attain greatness.
The meat itself is shaved steak, but appears of decent quality and good use of onions and peppers.
THe fries were very crispy and in-between thin and thick.
Previously I had a really good Chicken parm sandwich lunch special.
Probably should try the pizza, but late nite delivery sometimes over rules top quality, although i picked my order up from friendly counter guy.

So terrible, it's not worth going into details, so I'll be brief.
spaghetti sauce and pizza sauce are not interchangeable a calzone is not just dough and mozzarella cheese microwaving frozen chicken fingers for pizza topping is just plain gross and unsanitary, kind of like the conditions of your shop.
One Star.

This place is not worth ordering from!
We ordered a supreme thinking how can we go wrong with it... Well we got the pizza and it looked like the ingredients were tossed on the pizza after it came out of the oven.
There was not enough cheese and it tasted like tomato sauce on dough with some veggies.
The service was also horrible!
We ordered delivery after receiving a flyer under our resort room door.
When the driver delivered our pizza he told us we were supposed to order Parmesan cheese and crushed peppers when placing the order.
When delivering to a hotel/resort that should be necessary to have some handy, especially when we mention we are staying in a hotel/resort when placing the order!
When I called to complain about the pizza and mention the lack of cheese and peppers I had to repeat my complaint to two different people!
I'm assuming the manager was the last to speak with me and he was very very rude!!
Telling me that they normally don't automatically have cheese and peppers on hand because we were staying at the grand view "resort" which are like furnished condos.
Any hotel is like a furnished condo, you idiot!!
A resort does not differ from a hotel in any way other than their reservations and fees.
This guy assumed a resort also meant full stocked fridge and pantry in order to save money on having a driver always carry peppers and cheese???
Not to mention, the complaint about the pizza was also not taken lightly!
I was told I was the first person to complain about their food in 20 years!!
Maybe because their customers are normally already drunk by the time they get their pizza late night and it makes no difference to them.
This guy then proceeded to tell me that I could call back in the morning to repeat my complaint to their day manager.
I ordered our pizza at 830pm, what good is calling the next morning going to do for our disgusting dinner!!
I was told they would not send a driver out 30 miles to deliver us a better pizza.
Um, Did he not realize that I could google them and see they were only 8 miles away!
And even if they were that far, why would they advertise under our door if they were not willing to drive to us!
I have never had such horrible service or food!!
I guess Little Italy Pizza doesn't care about customer service or customer retention because they market to the hotels and resorts which contain people that are only here for a few days at a time!
Very very disappointed with this place, if I could I would have flyers placed under each resort/hotel door with this review of them.
I would definitely suggest Rosati's Pizza instead!
They aren't open late night but if you're looking for a decent pizza dinner on vacation I would suggest Rosati's.
Save Little Italy Pizza for your drunken nights If you absolutely don't have any other choice.

I feel bad writing a poor review about this place because the people working seem like good people.
I ordered a calzone w/pepperoni sausage and canadian bacon and though the portion was large and the dough was hot on the outside ...the cheese on the inside was cold and unmelted.
The toppings inside the calzone were cold as well.
The sauce was straight from a can...This place was slow.
No orders came in before or after me and the lady that was cooking my food opened the oven door at least 5 times in the 5 minutes my calzone was cooking...seems logical to me why the toppings were cold.

This place is nasty and the owner and manager "Mo" are jerk offs!!!!!
i placed order for pizza and chicken wings and both were gross but chicken wings were a lot worse so i called to make complaint.
The guy on phone told me what is he supposed to do about it and then when i asked to speak to owner he hung up on me.
i called back to speak to owner and when i told him his food was not good he told me f*#@ you and hung up.
I would never recommend this place and they have bad business owners.

Hubby and I at the philly cheesesteak and it was gr8.
God customer service and great food.

After moving to Vegas from California, my friend recommended this place to me for some quick and easy pizza.
"Quick and easy" never really goes with "absolutely fantastic" but in this case it definitely does.
I've had pizza here a couple times and it is always delicious.
The older gentleman, who I'm assuming is the owner, is super sweet and considerate.
The last time I picked up a pizza he had me check to make sure it wasn't cooked too much, seeing as it had been a little well done, and that surprised me a little.
It was cooked exactly the way I liked it but how many times have you ordered pizza and they send you some super burnt piece of bread and you end up spending the next hour waiting for it to be recooked, delivered, etc.
I really liked the fact that he took the time to make sure it was up to par.
I've also had the jalapeno poppers here and I like that they're made with cream cheese as opposed to the cheddar cheese that seems to be the new craze.
Deeeeelicious.
Only four stars because I've yet to try anything other than pizza and jalapeno poppers but I will definitely go back to try more!

Awesome delivery specials and super friendly staff!
We just ordered from them for the second night in a row, and I wouldn't be surprised if we ordered from them a third time.
Ordered both nights around 1 AM, and our pizzas arrived hot, on time, and delicious.

Great pizza and terrible fried foods.
So, I cannot understand the reviews of the puzzle being underdone, but the $9.99 pickup special is amazing.
Three topping for under $10.00 and the crust is pretty spectacular.
Now on to the fried food.
Aside from wings, I've had the burger/fries as well as fish and chips combo.
Based on years of experience with grocery store foods, I can tell you without hesitation the food is just frozen and refried.
You are getting frozen fries, frozen beef and frozen fish filets so you should not expect much.
Stick to pizza, and realize that these guys are in a rotten part of town so if they are less than super friendly just smile and they usually smile back.

was the worst pizza I've ever eaten in my life.
It was borned.
Vegetables was uncooked.

Halal Food!
At that time, we had the yelp $20 for 40 coupon.
Food was delicious.
Friendly owner.

Just had a terrible, terrible experience at this place.
I ordered a Philly Cheese steak, and the girl who took my order was very pleasant.
While I was waiting, I got a phone call and needed to write down some information.
I asked the girl if I could write on an order pad, but she didn't hear me because she was in the back of the kitchen making my food.
I went ahead and did it, and when she came back up she had a horrified look on her face, and said that her manager would get upset because all the pages on the order pad have an order number on them, and if one was missing he would accuse her of stealing.
So she had to take the note back into the office to show him and clear it with him.
I heard some harsh words from her manager (who, as it turns out, is her father), and when she came out, she was crying.
I felt terrible, so I walked back into the office to tell her manager/father that it was my fault, not hers.
He said he understood and asked me to leave the office.
He followed me out, and proceeded to very harshly reprimand the girl for doing absolutely NOTHING wrong.
I told him that his behavior was extremely unnecessary and inappropriate, and that he should be ashamed of himself for treating that poor girl so terribly.
He was a complete bully, totally humiliated her in front of me, made her cry, and told her to call her mother to come pick her up.
I'm not one to intervene in family matters, but this man was a mean, miserable, unmitigated scum bag.
I will never, ever give this place my business again.
I feel very sorry for his employees.

I first went to this place right before I moved in across the street.
I was starving and they were friendly and helpful.
I only get the cheeseburger special while I'm here, and it's always really good.
Yes, the patties are frozen, but they spend a lot of time cooking it and mine is always well done.
It takes 20 minutes for me to get my order and it's always delicious.
I don't know about the complaints about bad service.
Seems like the typical neighborhood mom and pops type of place.

ordered the double cheese steak.
there may have been 3oz of charred grizzle in the sandwich which was greasy.
the chicken pizza with white sauce and tomatoes was a chopped breaded chicken patty.
The pizza was in editable.
called for delivery .25 miles away...took 1.5 hours.
when I called 45 minutes in, the lady said it was on the truck and hung up on me.
Avoid this train wreck.

