Take it from a fat girl that knows - Torrid is the best place to shop for your all of your junior clothing needs.
I always go to this one because it is close to my work, but also because I enjoy chatting with the people that work here.
Don't confuse Torrid with it's skinny person counterpart - Hot Topic.
The clothing here is less compartmentalized into the "goth kid, emo kid, punk kid" walls that they have in Hot Topic.
Torrid, on the other hand, is more about finding clothes that are not only cute but properly cut for a larger woman.
The clothing in the store isn't just the same cut as other clothes made larger, it takes into account that if you have a bigger butt you need bigger pockets or else your booty will look odd.
The prices are slightly cheaper than Lane Bryant and the clothing style is generally for juniors.
I'm 28 and only wear conservative clothes when absolutely necessary,so Torrid is my preference of the two.
Also available are shoes with wider widths/calves and jewelry for those of us with chubby fingers.

Someplace to shop where I don't have to look for the largest size...
I can actually start at the begining of the rack ...starts at size 14, ends at 20+...
They have gotten quite colorful over the last year..before they had alot of "goth/emo" clothing..Hey I'm a fan of Black for sure, it is always flattering but a little color cant hurt.
I would have given 5 stars but they can be a bit pricey..

I like the clothes here.
They offer greats cuts and non clingy fabrics.
the assortment is a little goth but very nice.
Torrid offer a very nice color pallet for the thick girl with style.
I'll be checking out other locations when I can.

Like how the clothes fit but the prices a bit high.
This store barely has cute stuff for sale so when I go I have to prep myself to pay more the cuter stuff.

Meh, this place is ok I guess.Their spanx and shirts bring all the fat girls to the yard!!
Alas, I'm not one of them who likes to purchase things from here.
I'm a frugal little beezy and paying 29.99 for a CLEARANCE blouse is not something I'm willing to do.
Yea it has super pretty things, the clothes are nice looking, and fatties praise them but their clothes are WAY over priced and kinda fit too big.
They're too wide and I know I'm a fatty but I'm not a round fatty, I'm kinda shapely.
Haha.
Its like a wanna-be pin-up/glam rock place.
The ladies were nice, 2 of the 3 asked how I was doing and kept looking at me like I was trying to steal something whilst taking photos : )  It would be sooooo much better if I didnt have to sell my son to buy an ensemble, and PLEASE if you have a "clearance" section I don't think anything should be priced more than 20$, especially a Power Rangers tee!!
Bastardos!
I'll stick to buy XXL from Old Navy and jeans from Ross.

Finally we have options for good clothing!
I absolutely adore this place.
They have more of an alternative feel..
It's owned by Hot Topic, but you can find trendy clothing here.
The staff has been there forever and they are usually pretty friendly.
The clothes ARE expensive, but I only go when they have sales.
They have everything from shoes, belt, bras, accessories.
Great place.
I'm a regular.

The girls who work here are wonderful, friendly and kind.
Sadly, they sell an overpriced product.
The only thing I have ever gotten from Torrid that hasn't immediately fallen apart are their shoes.
(Not the ones on the hangers, either.
)  This is a nice store and it seems well kept but I just can't bring myself to purchase anything that's not on the clearance rack because I know it's going to turn to a big shadoob as soon as it's washed.
Yes the stuff is trendy and if you have money to throw away on a wear-once shirt this place is for you.
The quality is reminisce of a Fashion Bug, but at least there you know it's not good and the price reflects that.
Torrid is like your frienemy with the big ego.

I really like Torrid.
This is one of the few plus-size clothing stores that has clothing appropriate for all times of day from casual, business to going out and partying.
Most of their clothing is true to size which is great, i've brought some of their stuff online and even that was a pleasant  experience.
yes their clothing is a little expensive but they are quality in  comparison to some other places so its well worth it!

I love torrid!
I love the girls that work there, I love their clothes, I recommend it to my girlfriends, they really do have stylish plus size clothes, very youthful, because thats the problem at most stores that happen to have XL and XXL sizes, their variety sucks, you can never find a sexy plus size dress at the old navy!!!!!
I wish they had more locations in the valley.

