I've been going to Dr. Khalek for years and he's great!

Went in for a Lab before my next appointment, and they lost my paperwork again.
They wanted me to see Dr Tafreshi before the lab.
I set it up with the doctor  to get the lab work done before my appointment so I only have to see the doctor once.
Because I have no insurance my last appointment was $100.00.
I did not want to pay $100.00 then lab then another $100.00 to get the results.

I would strongly recommend MMG to anyone disheartened by bitter physician experience in the past .
The staff are friendly and super cool.Dr.
Tafreshi is the man, if you are looking for  best care in the town.
He is a good listener,really gives you time to for whatever you want to discuss and truly cares to give frank opinions on the treatment options and likely side effects.
Overall experience  its worth the moderate wait time

I just started going to this doctor and I will continue going.
I like how quick they get you in, how friendly and funny the staff is and how they pin pointed what I had suspected that other doctors have not done before.
I do not like the furniture etc a little outdated but the service is outstanding.

Dr Tafreshi and his staff are nothing short of amazing.
Referrals, lab work, blood panels, x rays, everyone who helps you is professional, quick and efficient.
This office is a diamond in the ruff in Vegas where medical is pretty much a joke.
It's a breath of fresh air to walk into an office and actually be helped.
I def recommend this office

I've been seeing Dr. Tafreshi for about 6 years now, literally choosing him because Fresh was in the middle of his name.
(Yes, I'm that ridiculous!
)   Dr. Tafreshi's office isn't the prettiest or the newest or the nicest, but it has this warm feel to it.
His entire staff from Jennifer to Maria to Suehey have always been kind, compassionate, friendly, and funny.
Since Dr. Fresh is an internal medicine doctor, I can get my labs, ultrasound, x-ray, and some other services done all in one place and under one co-pay!
If you're looking for an amazing doctor and professional staff that truly cares, you're in good hands at Meadows Medical with Dr. Tafreshi!

It was my first time here today.
The office looks a little outdated but the service is great.
Very nice and friendly staff.

