Wow!
They have updated this place!
It's now on the second floor and huge!
It's well organized and the sales people are so helpful.
Actually, I was trying on jackets and left my new after-ski jacket on the floor.
It was a good 15 mins.
before I noticed it was missing.
(It was a long shopping day).
I was looking for it and a sales girl came up and asked me if I needed help.
I told her I was missing my jacket.
She said it was taken to a manager.
She and another girl lead me to her and the manager had put it in the lost and found drawer!
I was so happy that they looked out for me!
Another plus, I went there for basic sweaters.
They don't 'hide' their basics here like they do in the Santa Monica store.
( In the SM store, it was so hard to find those $2.50 tank-camis.
And I had to climb shelves to reach them.
They just display their trendy stuff).
But here everything was so organized and easy to find.
They check out lady was really nice.
Very helpful.
She had transferred from San Diego to help open this new store which was opened in June of this year.
She was a bit older than most of the staff (my age, late thirties) but she was happy to be there and her younger coworkers seemed very cool w/ her.
Meadows Mall in general has changed for the better.
It's very family oriented w/ all kinds of cool things for kids on the bottom floor.
They now have constant security.
The crowd seems a bit more , um polite.

I have a very strong love/hate relationship with Forever 21.
On the one hand, they provide me with some cute tops, dresses, and jewelry for very affordable prices.
On the other hand...pretty much everything else.
If you are going to shop somewhere that has lots of clothes for pennies, you have to expect that there will be lots of teenagers.
And apparently teenagers don't know how to keep clothes off of the ground.
When you are here, especially on a weekend, expect there to be about 17% of the clothes lying on the floor while another 25% are haphazardly hanging on the racks.
Also expect very loud, bass-filled music to be blaring over the speakers and long waits in the dressing rooms.
Sometimes I have the patience for this and can manage to stay here awhile to sort through the clothes.
This is usually during the week when it isn't so messy.
But there have been times when the Lord hadn't granted me patience for the day and I got so irritated at the mess that I left.
(Just a side note here: This is not the fault of the employees- they are working their butts off keeping the store clean.
The problem is, there needs to be about 7 times more employees here to keep up with it all.
)  Despite the messes and brain-thumping music, I will continue to shop at Forever 21.
I do find a lot of clothes and jewelry that I wear for both work and hanging out (like the shirt I am currently wearing as I'm writing this).
I prefer this location to the others in town; The Galleria is too small and Fashion Show is incredibly large and quite possibly the First Circle of Hell.
If you are looking for solid-color, basic pieces like tanks and tees, this is definitely a good place to stop.
Also consider Forever 21 if you need a costume for something- they have some crazy items and the prices are so low you won't feel bad about wearing it just once.
Three stars for the store, rounding up to four since a chunk of my wardrobe is from here.

This location in the Meadows Mall is very large.
Carries everything from clothes, jewelry, purses, shoes, cosmetics, and there is even a small mens section as well.
I was there looking for work clothes.
But as an almost 40 year old kindergarten teacher, I am sad to say that shopping at Forever 21 is probably not in the cards for me much longer.
I found myself holding up clothes and asking myself, "What in the heck is this and where could I wear it?
" Most customers are young girls with their moms or college age women.
I did find a few cute things to spunk up my wardrobe a bit.

