Customer service is terrific.
Everyone was so nice and accommodating.
Everything is clean and organized.
I love the way a lady in there did my eyebrows.
I believe she is the owner.
She's really precise and I love that.
I recently came and got a pedicure and it felt kinda rushed.
The foot scrub wasn't all that great, hence the one star removal but everything else is great.
Definitely give this place a try.

Best place ever, great prices & service.... Full face waxing great too!

This is the first time I have been here and it was great.
The staff was very nice and welcoming I didn't have to wait.
The nail shop was clean.
They ofter me water.
I took in a picture of what I wanted and they were happy to do it.
The lady that did my nails did a very good job.
Julie is the lady to see she does great nails.
I definitely Will be going back!

I love Julie, super nice folks in here.
Julie is worth the wait, call ahead and make an appointment for her.
It's a husband and wife team that owns this place, the husband does nails too, but I'm hooked on Julie, I can give her 3 colors and tell "surprise me" and she does everytime, very imaginative, very creative.
Also, they always have some type of reasonable special deal going, like right now: flavored scrub (lavender, orange or chocolate scrub) w/ callous treatment, paraffin wax, mud mask and hot stone massage all for $40.
YOU CAN'T BEAT THAT!

I have lived here in Vegas for 2 years, and till now could not find a full service old school nail shop, till now!!!
Sammy did my beautiful red gel polish stilettos perfectly =)  the shop was clean and busy.
Free water and great attitudes and prices and tons and tons of gel products and designs.
Eyelashes eyebrows pedicures, everything girls I'm in love, come join me =) I added a picture, ill never use regular polish again, or go to another nail shop!
I'm sold =))))

My favorite nail salon, hands down.
The staff has the best customer service I've ever experienced while getting my nails done.
They take their time with their work.
No disappointments!

I came in unexpected with my entire bridal party, a total of about 5 girls.
Not only was Top Nails extremely accommodating but the finished product was SO beyond perfect.
I had NO clue what type of nails I wanted to get done and they had a huge plethora of options out of display.
A+ assortment of colors, styles and very helpful and kind.
I live in CA and would happily drive to Nevada just to have Michelle do my nails.
I was hesitant to do Gels because I had never done them before... they were very affordable the staff was very knowledgeable and I was very happy with the outcome.
Even almost 2 weeks later my nails still look as though I just got them done earlier today!!
I would highly recommend coming to Top Nails.
Even if it is out of your way -- it is well worth the drive!
ALL of their staff was very kind and looked like they did a VERY good job -- personally I would highly recommend Jessica & Michelle.

Horrible!
Wouldn't even give 1 star.
First of all the place is dirty, a towel was not even put down on station for manicure then when she did grab a towel to wipe my nails it had a long black hair on it so I asked her to get me another.
When giving the manicure she did not clean under my nails or give me a hand massage, had to ask for both and they were poor to say the least.
Received gel polish which was old and already peeling not to mention she painted a bit of my skin.
When asked if I wanted to put tip on debit card (really didn't want to tip for such lousy service) I was nice and said yes 3$ but was charged 30$ instead!!
Had to go back and tell them and they did give me 30$ in Cash back.
Needless to say I will never go back here.

I was introduced to the shop through a friend and it was just the right fit.
The first time I came in they were polite and fully staffed.
They make sure you are in and out in a timely fashion, but spend the time making sure you are completely satisfied.
When I came in I had a botched nail job, I like my nails long and stiletto shape; it's difficult to perfect this look.
They took off the old nails and redid them, I couldn't have been happier.
The shape of my nails has always been even and beautiful.
I come in biweekly without fail, I always get a pedicure, fill, and gel on both hands and feet; somehow their prices manage to never kill my budget even when I get the 3D Art Deco nail art.
They offer many services and have a talented sweet staff.
They remembered my name right away and make sure to take care of my referrals.
I will never go to another nail salon in vegas.

I went there today because of the good reviews.
Sandra did my nails way better than the salon I went to before then.
There prices weren't bad neither.
Definitely will go back.

Noticed this place is packed and had good reviews.
I'm from out of town and was overall very satisfied.

Every time I come the people are always just as friendly, always welcome you in and start conversation.
My nails always look great!

The worst  Need I say more they cut me gave me an attitude bad paint job bad every thing  when I told them I was not happy with the job they made it seem like I didn't know what I was talking about and that I was wrong I have my own business too and no matter what the costumer is alway right it's the professional and adult thing to do.

I love that they do my gel nails exactly how I want them.
If not exactly then better.

NEVER EVER coming here again.
The lady took a little over two hours on my nails (which made me late for work).
I understand every nail tech is different but no one has ever taken that long on my nails!
I asked for stiletto nails (gel) maroon color with a tiny bit of gold on the bottom half.
The lady hurt me numerous times.
I had to tell her more then 3 times that she was fileing my skin more than she was my nail to shape the stiletto form.
I really think she had no clue on what she was doing.
They were also way too long.
Finally when we got to the point to painting my nails she messed up and had to take off the paint.
At that point I was already frustrated with her from hurting me and not shaping my nails correctly and it was past the two hour mark.
So I asked for another girl to finish the job since she had no clue on what she was doing.
The other lady put more gold then I asked for pretty much my whole nail is covered in gold rather than maroon red.
I left upset and hating my nails but had to get out of there to make it to work.
I called the next day to tell them how unhappy I was and that I wanted my nails fixed and changed a different color since none of them knew what I wanted.
& they said I would have to pay again!!!!!!
Most places would be happy to fix their mistakes and have the customer leave happy.
Nope not here.
They should have a 0 star rating cause I would give it to this place.
Seriously confirmed my email on yelp just to tell you guys how bad this place is.
I'm not usually one to give bad reviews!
Just terrible

Everyone was very nice!
Sandy did a great job on my nails and pedicure !!
Prices are good...
Walk ins are welcomed But wait is a little long:) So next time I will most definitely  have an appointment.

