I wouldn't have found this spot if my friend hadn't flaked on me.
We were supposed to eat oysters at the Orleans, but exhusband had to ruin our plans.
The good thing about this is that I was able to eat here at Sushi 21.
My favorite sushi chef was here and didn't realize it till I walked in.
They don't have the ALL YOU CAN EAT, thank God!
I think that defeats the purpose of appreciating the taste of sushi.
I had started out with the Edemame and Soft Shell Crab.
An awesome choice as the crab was cooked just perfectly.
The sauce they combine it with is perfect.
The Edemame is good for two people.
One person couldn't eat all that unless they were eating for two.
I only had one roll of sushi called Route 21.
I forgot what was inside it, but I would order it again when I come back.
It didn't even need any wasabi or soy sauce or ginger for that matter.
Service was great especially from the Sushi Chefs.
The ladies are very prompt with the drinks and what ever it is you need.
The food is prepared perfectly.
I am definitely gonna go back here again.

Qualifier: I didn't have the sushi.
I wasn't really in the mood for sushi so I had the Kalbi dinner special.
Price was reasonable ($12), but the food was mediocre at best.
As with most "combo" style dinners, you get soup, some salad, some California rolls, vegetable tempura, and the entree.
The salad was a small portion of iceberg lettuce with a splash of dressing.
The soup and tempura were average, but the tempura sauce really ruined the tempura.
It wasn't what I'm used to.
Kalbi was dry and really stringy.
Morale of the story: lots of variety with your combo dinner, except none of it was very good.

If  you are wondering where to go to for the best sushi in vegas, then take it from a Vegas native that the lasagna sushi is the best thing I think I have ever tasted.
Please keep in mind that I have not till this day found another sushi place that makes it the same way as sushi 21.
Every place has a certain style of their own.

Went today for lunch.
Ordered an assortment of sashimi, hand rolls and special rolls.
The quality was excellent.
The salmon skin hand roll was probably one of the best I've had.
Something to note: their spicy tuna is actually spicy!
Not like most other places where it's a gelatenous orange premaid clump.
Sashimi portions were generous and very tasty.
I had mackeral, octopus and salmon.
All were excellent.
Best of all was their iced green tea.
They use gunpowder green tea which is very flavorful and not cheap tea leaves.
I spent $102 for lunch for two people which obviously isn't cheap but I'm expensing it on the company so I didn't really care about price!
The cost is the only reason it didn't get 5 stars as it's not a great value.
I wish they offered an all you can eat option to keep the expense down.

my review for this place is strictly for the food since i came here with a friend who knew the owner, so i have no idea how much everything actually cost...=)  rolls - there are about 30 diff ones on the menu...the ones that i can remember the best were the "coco roll" (seared yellowtail with ponzu sauce over a spicy tuna roll(?
)) and the sushi 21 roll (eel and tuna on top, cant remember the middle)...we also had a bunch of other ones floating around the table, which were all pretty good, but these 2 were my favorites  nigiri - a little bit dry...liked that they didnt put too much rice, but some of the fish just didn't look too appetizing...  appetizers - tried the edamame, seaweed salad, and gyoza which were all pretty good, but also pretty standard...  if you have a car, it might be worth visiting, but if you have to cab it, i would try some place else since its about a $15 ride from the strip

Part of my Vegas routine is to head to this little strip mall on the corner of Tropicana and Decatur, grab a coffee at Starbucks, work out at the 24 Hour Fitness (I'm not about to pay $20 to use my strip hotel's "spa"!
), and then go to Sushi 21 for a post-workout meal.
While this isn't the best sushi around, it is still of good quality and reasonably priced, and I've yet to have a disappointing meal.
I normally get either the chirashi sushi or its Korean equivalent, hye dup bap (I believe this place is Korean owned and operated), each of which is a great deal for around $12 (though they charge an extra $2.50 for miso soup, which typically comes with chirashi at most places).

Wow this place is small and can be easily overlooked but it is a treasure!
Friendly staff and delicious food!

Sushi 21 is one of my favorite sushi joints!
Every time I'm in that part of town I stop in.
Family owned business and great food!
The fried rice is the best!

Had some rolls, a beef app, a salad and some sushi.
I wasn't impressed.
The $1 beer special would be my only incentive to return.

Quality sushi here.
Music is a bit loud and I'm never fond of places that have music videos projected up.
The layout is pretty dumpy looking compared to many places I go in Seattle, but this place served up very serviceable sushi in Las Vegas, which was a relief!
The service was very slow but wonderfully accommodating.

Oh, how I miss you, Sushi 21.
We were so close, once.
Geographically, yes, but gustatorially, as well.
I used to live a block (or so) away from this place, and ate here (or grabbed take out) sometimes three times a week.
Loved it.
LOVED it!
The prices were fantastic, very affordable, especially given the quality of the food.
Damn good!
The service...always friendly, though communication was often limited.
There was the occasional cash register dilemma...usually with a new server who didn't quite have the hang of it...but whatever, i was gonna be waiting anyway, no worries.
My favorite sushi chef was a blonde-dyed guy who would only give his name as "Josh.
"  That's cool, man.
My name was still Robert, and our high fives were many and heart-felt.
Your skills were finely honed, your humor genuine, and your creative flair MUCH appreciated by this humble diner.
Whether I was there alone or with a lady, when seated at the sushi bar I was always treated like a prince.
Never failed to be gifted with some special sushi treat, a custom concoction from Josh.
Yeah, my generous tips may have had something to do with this, but hell...how many times do generous tips just get absorbed into the gelatinous maw of the self-important?
My man appreciated the money, no doubt, but probably not as much as I appreciated his craft and attitude.
I had too many good meals here to go into specifics, and a lot of the rolls I had weren't even on the menu.
Suffice to say I never left disappointed, and even when doing take-out, everything was always very fresh and delicious.

Probably the best Sushi I ate whilst in Vegas.
Proper Sushi, served correctly, delicious, very generous portion size, lovely friendly wait staff and loads of choice.
We chose " I Love My Ass" Roll....delicious.
As my boyfriend was at a conference close by we had to reside in The Orleans Casino for the week...We were so sick of the bad food on site that we ventured further afield.
A quick search on-line and we found this place a 5 min walk away.
The in-house sushi restaurant in The Orleans is overpriced and not very good...How happy we were we found this place and so reasonable too.
For those of you staying in The Orleans you are mad not to check this place out.
I also commend Sushi 21 for their notice about fish sustainability...Bluefin Tuna will probably be extinct soon and they are actively promoting other varieties and not stocking Bluefin anymore.
I'm not sure people really understand how much in peril the ocean fish stocks are.
Hopefully Sushi 21 will raise awareness of this serious environmental issue.

Mmm, sushi.
My favorite thing to eat.
This past weekend I introduced my friend/co-worker to the world of sushi, and she is already hooked...
So we decided to get some take-out from Sushi 21 for lunch.
Since my friend is still new to the world of sushi, we decided to stick to rolls, and mainly to ones she had tried already.
So I called in and ordered a Philly roll, a Spicy Tuna roll, and a Las Vegas roll.
I was told it would be ready in 10-15 minutes.
The rolls weren't ready when I arrived, I waited a good 5-10 minutes for them.
Service was friendly though,  and the rolls were fairly inexpensive, the total was $22 and change.
The rolls were tasty although the Philly was a little loose, they kept falling apart on us...
Generous amount of tuna in the Spicy Tuna roll, and I appreciated that they gave us eel sauce on the side for the Las Vegas roll.
Was this the best sushi ever?
No, not even close.
But it's inexpensive and close to work, so it's likely I will eat there again...

This was a delightful place to happen upon!
I love sushi, especially salmon and yellow tail.
YUMM!
The rolls were great.
Everything was perfect.
The atmosphere was fun, the service EXCELLENT.
And the chef easy to work with and creative.
Thank you Sushi 21!!

The eel roll are great.
A have to try it your like it.
yummy.Sushi 21 rocks!

I went there a few days ago since I have not eaten anything all day and I was hungry.
when I stepped in there was only a few people in there.
I ordered the Agedashi tofu and Eel Bowl.
When I got the agedashi tofu it was served with Ponzu and not the traditional dashi sauce.
When the sushi chef asked me if everything is ok I told him no and can I have some tempura sauce.
the server came to me and told me that it's supposed to be served with ponzu sauce.. Then i Replied "no it's not.
The name of the dish tells you what it is.
It's called agedashi because age means to deep fry and Dashi is the sauce that it's served with".
the Eel bowl to my dismay was served on top of sushi rice and not regular steamed rice.
which is the traditional way.
Later i found out that it is a Korean run restaurant.
So I must say that they should learn to make food the right way or rename it to fit their serving ways.
don't call something one thing and then serve it a different way  Then they asked me if I was japanese and I told them yes.
and asked if they wanted me to show them how to make it  the right way.
and I paid for my uneaten food and left and went to mcdonald..

Sushi 21 ended up being a back up plan after a botched attempt to go to Sushi House Goyemon.
We found that the wait was going to be an hour there.
Seeing as though we were ravenous an hour wasn't going to cut it.
This place was the exact opposite of Sushi House Goyemon with only a few patrons.
At least I wasn't bored since the guy next to us was apparently a pimp trying to hire the girl he was with to his escort service.
It was quite entertaining to hear him talk about his business as though it was a Fortune 500 company.
I almost expected him to say, "we offer all our ho's 401ks too".
Ok this was totally off topic but it was much more interesting than what Sushi 21 tried to offer in terms of food.
The iced tea tasted like mop water but seeing as though I was tired and not in the mood to quibble with waitress, I tolerated it.
We ordered the gyoza as an appetizer and it was decent but not special.
I ordered the #4 Spicy Crabmeat Roll and the #20 Roxy Roll.
The Spicy Crabmeat was very underwhelming and I left half of it on the plate.
A sushi chef messing up something as simple as a crabmeat roll is like a pastry chef messing up a batch of cookies.
The Roxy Roll was the complete opposite however.
This delightful roll saves this place from a dubious 2 stars.
One of the best speciality rolls I have had anywhere.
I would definitely hit this roll up again.
Despite the ho hum experience here I would be willing to go back but probably never will.
Vegas simply has too many restaurants to visit for anyone to visit a 3 star place more than once.

Hot Kenny!
This sushi chef was the man!
He made me try some super spicy stuff and had my entire group laughing the whole time.
I'll definitely bring my service here next time !

The restaurant itself isn't very fancy inside, but they do have some up beat music playing and I could see it being a fun place to go with friends and indulge in some Sake.
They have really good deals, each week they pick about 10 different rolls that are half off.
I ordered Sean's roll which was delicious and half off.
The salad they give you as a starter isn't very good due to the dressing that isn't very flavorful.
Other than that I was super satisfied.
Also we took a chance and tried the green mussels for an appetizer which ended up being very good.
Needless to say, I'm going back today for lunch.

Absolutely awesome sushi place.
Pretty quiet atmosphere and the owner is a nice lady.
She makes sure that your happy with the sushi and always talks you up for a bit.
The sushi is made great!
They have a perfect versions of sushi and they all have a unique taste.
It's my favorite sushi place in town.

Spent a week in Vegas and were all over the place - our last evening there we wanted to relax a bit so decided to come here based on Yelp reviews and its proximity to where we were staying.
This place is awesome.
Fresh fish, imaginative menu items, and friendly service.
A totally solid, surprisingly high quality spot to get FRESH sushi in the middle of the desert - at a REASONABLE price!
;)  The ONLY reason I had to give it 4 stars instead of 5 was because the menus and table were kinda grimy/sticky.
Not really dirty - just seemed like maybe the sanitizer solution was a little old or heavy when the tables and menus were wiped so they weren't dry and were getting a little filmy.
I would only take half a star off for it if I could - it was a little ambiance lowering and kind of made me leery about how the food would be - but it was great!
Would definitely want to come back on a return trip to Vegas.

Stumbled upon this place while driving home from work with an empty stomach.
The boyfriend & I couldn't decide on where to eat and were on our way to Denny's as a last resort... but decided to try Sushi 21 on a whim.
So glad we did!
It was 11:30pm on a Tuesday night and we were the only customers in there.
Nothing too fancy inside.
We decided to try our usual favorite, Cajun Albacore sashimi and a couple of rolls on the "50% Off" list - SWAT, Angela's & Heart Attack.
Being half off, I expected them to be smaller rolls and even told our server that's what we'd "start off with," but she assured us 3 would fill us up.
She was right.
Loved all the rolls, to my surprise.
Especially Angela's.
=)  Glad I found this place.
Now I know where to get my late night sushi fix after work at great prices - on nights where I'm not hungry enough for AYCE but don't want to spend $15 on just one roll.

I've been going here on and off for 5 years now.
One of my favorites in near the core of las Vegas.
I wanted to review sushi 21 because they have received a lot of competition lately which has resulted in savings for us.
As far as I can tell, the lady you see there all the time is the owner and she is always nice.
Lots of times I'll see her talk to the service and see some extra edamame show up in front of us.
She really is trying to take care of her customers and get them to come back.
It shows.
Rock on sushi 21!
Favorite roll there is the playboy roll

My boyfriend and I love to check out new sushi spots and this place disappointed me starting off with the ice green tea (tasted over brewed)!
We ordered 3 cut rolls and one of them came back as a hand roll.
One of the rolls was drenched in sauce ( and there's nothing like a soggy roll).
The second roll the fish did not seem fresh (my breath was kickin').
To top it off while finishing the last roll the chopsticks broke (not cool).
Note: We were the only people there and our food took forever and maybe that's why our rolls were soggy.
To add on the service was not that great either.

I love sushi 21!
Not only is it a great location, they offer great deals!
Every 2 weeks they rotate their menu of....HALF PRICE ROLLS.
Yes, full rolls, half price.
We are talking  full size (8 piece) spicy tuna, philly, california rolls for $3!
As well as some of the best seaweed salad & hot & sour soup around.
They also do some kind of special on the weekends for FREE sake bombs!
As well as being open until 3 am...Sushi 21 can not be touched by other sushi spots, especially not in Vegas.

I've gone here a few times with my coworkers after work and it's been amazing every single time.
I love that their kitchen closes at 1am-2am with a 50% off menu that lasts ALL day and they change the items every week.
Although not on the 50% off menu, the Cherry Blossom and Screaming Orgasm dishes are musts!
I'm told the Cherry Blossom is presented different each time, but I'm not sure... either way, it was so pretty that I almost didn't want to eat it.
The owner is always extremely nice and welcoming.
Great service and great food.

Looking for a place to eat we have stumbles upon a restaurant called "Sushi 21".
Upon entering we were welcomed with a nice atmosphere.
We were seated immediately, and got our drinks in a timely manner.
Receiving our soup within 10 minutes and then our main course in 1 hour!
Though upon receiving our meal it was over seasoned meat which is just too powering.
The Sushi was adequate, and the calamari was appalling.
Never have we ever been served sushi where an ant crawled out.
After that my appetite was almost gone, but I had not eaten the whole day so I still went to eat my main course.
Next the calamari looked like onion rings, and the taste and texture was the most bizarre feel and taste of calamari I had ever experienced; as it was extremely stretchy sort of like trying to eat gum.
Arriving at 8:01 and recieving our food at 9:30 it was the longest i have ever had to wait for food in my whole entire life!
I hope they acknowledge this and address this issue.
As for now I wont be coming back, and will not be recommending to anyone to the disgusting sushi, rubbery calamari, and extremely slow kitchen service!

First off, I feel sorry for any sushi place that I visit when I was craving Goyemon but it was a 45 min wait and we had to catch a movie after grub.
Sushi 21 was just down Decatur and had a 4 star rating on here so we decided to try it.
This place is pretty good.
The appetizers and rolls with AYCE are amongst the better places in town.
The server we had was back very frequently to check on us and the sushi chefs were engaging.
One of them even made me a half roll at the end of our meal even though they don't usually allow it when doing AYCE.
The only complaint that I had is when I ordered my first round of yellowtail, super white tuna, tuna, salmon, and unagi.
It came out and looked very fresh but it smelled as if it were treated with something to preserve the fish.
There was a slight taste of vinegar or something as well.
I couldn't really place it.
But the cuts were very generous and once past the "treated smell / taste" it had a good taste.
I base my sushi experience pretty solely on the freshness / taste of the nigiri / sashimi so they're gonna take a hit on this one.
Overall, a nice substitute for my fave sushi place in town when I was on a tight time schedule.
Not a place I'd visit again unless the same circumstances arise with better places close by.

I always like trying a new all you can eat sushi place especially when it's so close by a very popular one like goyemon.
So I figured let's see if they're giving goyemon a run for their money.
HAHAHAHAHA not even close.
Tuesday night, 6 pm and there were 3 people in there, and no one else came in there the hour that I was there.
That's a BAAAAAD sign.
Typically tuesday is when sushi restaurants get their fresh fish and deliveries.
If I recall, the fish markets are closed on mondays and there are no shipments.
So Tuesday & Wednesdays are the best days to go.
Without even asking, they brought me edamame and miso soup.
I don't particularly care for when someone brings me something that I didn't order.
Their miso soup was lacking flavor and only had 2 spoonfulls, their edamame was fine.
On an all you can eat place, portions should be small-medium.
I ordered the sashimi salad and it was in a large bowl (toooo much) and the taste was just ok, it tasted like they put their garlic sauce that they put on their sushi rolls, onto their salad.
Maybe some people like this, but I sure didn't.
Their sushi rolls were avg.
I saw lots of rolls on their menu that were based on california rolls and to me that is a sign of cheapness.
Another typical bad sign is when you can't order directly from the chef.
They use the paper order forms and quite frankly I HATE the paper order forms.
I ordered 2 sushi rolls and they were just ok  and then I ordered some nigiri and this sealed the deal that this place is bad...
I ordered 2 hamachi and 1 super white (both were good) I ordered 1 order each of snow crab, uni and amaebi (sweet shrimp)  I didn't get any of those orders.
The show crab was still frozen (I saw him put the large frozen block of it into the fridge behind the counter), and then he apologized they are out of uni and sweet shrimp.
Guess what folks...  Sushi mon and Goyemon are never out of it.
and that leads me back to what I wrote above.
Everything is usually fresh/delivered on tuesdays.
So where's your fish at?????
Sorry but for being 2 min up the street from goyemon (even if their servers are slow, the food is fantastic) I'm goin there instead

Very good, and their prices are great!

Great food and very friendly people.
Would recommend to everyone.

What an unexpected surprise!
We were headed to Goyemon and discovered the hostess was not friendly and the wait at 5:40 on a Friday night for a party 3 adults and 3 kids was going to be 1 1/2 hrs.
Seriously?
There was just one other couple waiting ahead of us.
We yelped the nearest sushi restaurant with 4 or more stars.
And turns out this was literally just around the corner.
- AYCE was $27 - Decent selection on the menu - Favs:  (rolls) Sexy girl, Heartache, Johnny, Snake (or rattle snake...snake is in the     name or something)  Anyway, we tried a lot of rolls and enjoyed them all but these were our favorites.
- VERY kid friendly (customized kids chopsticks), owner brought out crayons and color pages, and topped it off with balloons.
- Dessert:  MOCHI (strawberry) - delicious ice cream in the middle and a chewy sweet rice cake on the outside - Sake bombs on the house the night we went.
(Who doesn't like sake bombs, especially when they're on the house.
) - Friendly and entertaining sushi chefs.
We honestly felt like we were truly welcomed and at home.
Food was good and personal customer service was excellent.
We have found another joint we'll be frequenting often.

Stingy service!
Decent food.
I went with a group of 5 for a co-worker's birthday for the all-you-can-eat-and-drink menu ($36 per person - total of $46 including tax and mandatory 18% gratuity for group over 4 people).
After an hour of happy devouring, my hungry co-workers (3 men and 1 girl) finally slowed down, with half a roll of tuna and baked salmon left on the plate.
The waitress came by and urged us to cancel the rest of our order until we finish all our sushi, otherwise she said they would charge us.
We figured the remaining sushi was equal to one more piece per person to finish, so we insisted on our order of 2-piece sweet shrimp nigiri anyway, because we were craving sweet shrimps.
We waited for another 15 minutes and asked the waitress twice, yet the sweet shrimp nigiri didn't come.
Finally the waitress said that they "ran out of shrimp and is waiting for shrimp to defrost".
That was when we realized that the waitress was counting on us not to finish our roll, and she was not going to bring out the sweet shrimp nigiri until we finish everything.
So we did clear our plate, and finally the sweet shrimp nigiri came.
I know sweet shrimp is considered a more expensive item, but this behavior from the restaurant management just feels petty.
Considered how much the cost was per person, and that our group was well-behaved and not rowdy, this is no way for a business to treat customers!

I order out from here at least once a week.
Not the best sushi place I've ever eaten from, but still very delicious.
I always get their Spicy Salmon Bowl and Hot and Sour Soup.
Definitely worth trying out for anyone.

I ordered takeout.
Spicy rolls were very spicy, soup portion was really small as was the cucumber salad which is to die for.
They deliver but expect to wait if you call during peak hours.
I hate trying sushi when I'm away from home but I was more than satisfied with this restaurant.
I recommend it to every friend who visits Vegas.
Everyone must try the cucumber salad!

Food was fresh and service was so so.
The best roll we had was the Popcorn Lobster.
Beware....It is huge and so good.
We ordered the all you can eat and had to cancel two rolls because we knew we would have not finished them after that roll hit our table.
I would have given 4 stars but there was a service issue at the end.
There were four of us and had left 5 pieces of rolls from 5 different rolls and the server stated she was going to charge us $10 for not finishing.
Really???
1 1/4 piece of roll per person when we canceled the other rolls.
I would return only for that Popcorn Lobster.
There are too many great sushi places out there that are just as good or better.

Craving sushi on the quick and not willing to leave the house to go to our favorite sushi joint in town, Goyemon my fella made the executive decision to order some delivery from Sushi 21.
I was reluctant, but let him have his way.
We called in our order and the food was delivered very quickly.
Since I didn't dine in, I can't comment on the service but the food was ok.
Nothing amazing, but definitely solid sushi for the price and convenience of delivery.
We ordered rolls mainly and they were tasty.
Definitely not the best sushi in town but definitely good for convenience.
They offer dine-in all you can eat options as well as all you can drink.

I went here a couple days ago and I enjoyed it!
Most sushi places are the same with all-u-can-eat, but I liked the Swat sushi roll here, along with the Las Vegas roll and spicy tuna roll is a must.
The Baked Lobster roll is interesting, with the sushi roll pieces layed out flat and the clawfish on top of  giving it a unique look.

My boyfriend, best friend and I wanted to go to Yama sushi at first but it was a 30-45 min wait so we decided to go to Goyemon instead.
Unfortunately for us, it also had a 30 min wait.
Instead we opted for Sushi 21.
My boyfriend has been here before but my best friend and I haven't.
Their AYCE sushi price is the usual price of $21 for lunch and $27 for dinner but for $10 extra, they also include an all you can drink for hot sake and beer.
I haven't heard of any sushi joint doing all you can drink before!
It was pretty cool.
Their special rolls were alright.
Nothing I tried really wow'd me so far but it wasn't bad either.
That all you can drink menu though, is worth coming here!

I needed my sushi fix and didn't want to leave the house.
So I had my girl pull out her trusty Yelp app and find a place that would deliver.
I went a little crazy and ordered way more than we needed.
The food came quickly and was ok.
It was no Goyemon, but it was good for what it was.
I'd order from them again.

The sushi was delicious and if you're really hungry, the all you can eat sushi special cant be beat.
It's about as much as two full rolls, so if you're not eating more than that, then just order the rolls you want.
I loved the Sushi 21 roll and the "I Love My Ass" roll too.
Just hearing the cute server say the name of that one was enough reason to order it, but it tasted really great too.
The prices were reasonable with most full size rolls between 9 and 13 dollars.
The service was very attentive and friendly, and the free refills on drinks were nice too.
I enjoyed it eating in and ordered it delivery the following day.
It was just as good the second time.
It's definitely my first choice for sushi.

Forgivable.
Overall the ambiance and the service from the staff was very nice, but the quality of the fish had left to be desire.
The 2 most basic staples in a sushi restaurant is Tuna and Salmon and I could not express my level of disappointment in the Sushi, the Salmon wasn't the freshest or the highest quality so it tasted like bland slabs of meat along with the fact that there was too much vinegar was used in the rice.
The rolls on the other hand were flavored very well, but if you're trying to cover up the taste of bland fish, you're going to have to use the right sauce.
Overall this place forgivable, but I don't think I'll be plopping $68.00 (with tip) for 2 people for all you can eat of that quality.

we ordered a la carte, candy cane roll and tempura green tea ice cream for 23. july 4th.
- MEDIOCRE sushi at best.
I've never seen such a wimpy sushi roll that cost 13 in my life.
The soft-shell crab that they use are the legs!
not even the body.
it was far from crunchy.
The yellowtail was so cowardly, it made the sushi look worse.
it looked like a roll from a GROCERY STORE.
horrible presentation.
- Tempura ice cream was good.
They put sprinkles on it.
It reminded me of a birthday cake.
haha - slow service.
Never asked for a refill once.
Poor explanation of sushi and ice cream.
Bad english.
After eating at grimaldi's, then coming here, it puts this service to shame.
- I'd rather lose $25 bucks at the casino than eat here again.

WORST EVER!!!
This got to be my worst experience of AYCE sushi place ever in my life.
This place is own and run by Non-Japanese.
Sushi were terrible!
Service were terrible!
Prices are terrible!!!
Don't go!!
There was seven of us that night.
My friends was there first and told them that we wanted AYCE.
I arrived 10 minutes later.
We told them again.
another 10 minutes later, we had to tell them one more times that we want AYCE.
Finally 20 minutes later, this girl took the regular menu away and threw this paper to us and said "just check mark next to the items we want".
Ok, I guess it's self service.
We decided not to order too much sushi and everything we order was going to be 7 orders for each one of us.
We gotten each order of sushi every 5 minutes.
(You have to understand that one order of sushi is two bites, two bites every 5 minutes is annoying)   Half way through our orders, this rude younger girl came around again and asked us if we wanted anything else.
We told her that we never got the rest of first round.
She told us "just wait" and "it's coming".
Ok....so we ordered a little more.
10 minutes later, we got all of the second round(salmom, yellowtail, and eel for the second time), but still........ half of the first round was not here.
Most of the first round items are the expensive items.
Spider hand roll, sea urchin(uni), sweet shrimp , makerel (saba) and snow crab.
10 minutes went by again, no first round.
We asked and got the same answer.
Then we decided to order shrimp tempura.
And we got "fried shrimp".
Very disappointing.
The "fried shrimp" was breaded with PANKO.
This is just unbelievable.
After the shrimp disaster, we asked again about our first order.
The rude girl finally tried to ask us what they were.
By this time, it's almost one hour since we arrived.
The kicker of the night is she elected to tell us that she is worried that we won't be able to finish and they are only going to give us the first round orders one at a time.
This is just MADNESS.
At the end, of course we did not get all of the food we want.
We were too angry to deal with them, and we did not want them to spoil the night even futher.
Of course they charged us mandatory 18% tip on the check after the sales tax.
Of course the hot tea we have to beg for was not included.
And of course nobody said "thank you" or "goodbye" to us after we just spent almost $40 a person for the wrost sushi ever.

not bad... wide variety of American Specialty Sushi.... it was really good... the "all you can eat" is the best bet to get the most bang for your buck.

I asked for delivery.
Ok, they did it with no problems and quick enough (30-40 mins).
I chose just rolls.
The salmon one was pretty flat, no taste.
Californias were ok-ish.
When I gave money to the woman who delivered she took them and left without saying a goodbye or thank you  Meh

My second time eating here I decided to try the all you can eat!
$25 and I ate more then I should have!
They say you can order as much as you want you just hate to eat it all!!!!
Boy did I!
I am allergic to shellfish but wanted some of the rolls that had crab in it....they kindly took it out for me!
All you can eat came with appetizers, rolls and dessert!
The Mochi was so good!
Green Tea, chocolate, vanilla and coffee.
They also had fried ice cream!
TO DIE FOR!
One of my favorite desserts!
The service was great, prompt and kind and explained everything to a T when we asked questions!
For the price I would go back any day!

Last time I ate here, I saw roaches running around.
And that was the last time I ate there, food was blah, service was blah, I'm surprised the roaches even stick around.

I dont really think the All you can eat is a great value unless your really hungry.
I was medium hungry and Goyemon was slammed.
I hate lines and being kind of a snot I refuse to wait very long.
SO I hit this place down the street.
I ordered three dishes that were all spicy, wasnt really impressed.
It was okay but didnt taste like Tower or Goyemon to be honest and was less than impressed with the overall value.
I will say the Calamari was really good but that was the only thing to make an impression except the really attractive and very nice waitress LOL.
So I will hit it in a pinch but not overly impressed.

I really liked sushi 21 because they offer 2 hour limit for dinning AYCE.
they also offer one type of sashimi.
and they have a lot variety to choose from.
also desert was part of all you can eat too!
they offer mochi ice cream.
the staff were really nice and they really how to take care their regular customer!

Probably the worst sushi place I've been to in Vegas we probably ordered like 8 different rolls and everything they brought us was crab mix with avocado and eel sauce on top ?
Every roll !
And they were really rude, terrible customer service I will never go back especially when goyemon is right down the street and way better.

I had given up on AUCE sushi.
It's mother/daughter date night tho and Hunnie Bunnie wants Edamame!
I decided on sushi.
We drove by Goyemon but it looked too busy so we drove back to this spot.
Hunnie Bunnie got her Edamame and Japanese Udon Noodles which she enjoyed.
This is what I ordered:  Baked Green Mussels - these were really good, whatever sauce/toppings they put on I really liked and they were served nice and warm.
Calamari rings - crispy breading and served with a spicy dipping sauce.
Not bad at all.
Soft Shell Crab - small soft shell crab, split right in half.
Good stuff.
I love sscrab!
Lettuce Wraps - they were out of this item!!!
I really wanted to try these cuz it involved pork belly :-( Next time!!
Tuna Poki Salad - this was aiight.
I've definitely had better.
It's some kind of different sauce they put on and I think the spiciness of the sauce overwhelms the flava  Screaming Orgasm - not enough sashimi but lots of daikon  Yellowtail Jalapeno - they put sriracha on the jalapenos.
I usually LOVE sriracha but i didnt care for it on this dish.
And i wasnt really a fan of the sauce they used for this sashimi plate.
Tuna, Yellowtail, Salmon, Super White Tuna Nigiri - SO good!
This fish tates SOOO fresh and melt in your mouth!
Nicr size cut of fish and a small serving of rice accompanies it.
REALLY REALLY GOOD!
I had given up on AUCE sushi because the fish just didnt taste that good to me anymore but this place changed my mind!
Scallop: It's mixed with something, crab mix maybe, and not tasty at all.
Sweet Shrimp - I actually only ordered this so I could eat the fried shrimp heads.
Nom.
And to think I never ate them before...
The shrimp itself wasnt very good but the heads were tasty!
Four stars for the fish.
Three stars for the apps.

Sushi 21 is a decent place for lunch.
I've had the AYCE Sushi here and it's quality is above average.
I've gone here a few times for lunch, and for to go.
The inside is kind of pop-Japanese style with traditional elements mixed with LCD screens playing Japanese boy-band videos the whole time.
A cool distraction.
I've mostly eaten here in the middle of the day, as opposed to the evening.
None of the rolls really stand out in my mind, service is a little bit slow some night.
The AYCE has a good sized menu, and some tasty standard treats, but for the price I have been to other places with Free Saki & Beer for almost the same price.
Whenever I go for lunch I like the Bento Box the best.
It's got a little bit of everything on it, Gyoza, Rice, Teriyaki Chicken, a Salad, Miso soup and 6 pcs of california rolls.
Not bad.
I also enjoy the Shirmp Tempura and Calamari at this location.
I've never had a bad experience at Sushi 21 like some of the other reviewers, but it has a long way to go to beat out other AYCE's scattered around Las Vegas.

The sushi wasn't bad but all the rolls were the same only different.
Some of the rolls weren't cut completely and some were loosely rolled.
The end result is we won't return.I really do hate when they add the gratuity for only five people.

Came here simply because we were in a hurry to watch a show and the wait for Goyeman was too long.
Turned out to be a mistake since Goyeman called us with our table ready the moment we sat down here....but I digress.
The service is literally the slowest....and I mean SLOWEST....of all time.
Yes the waitress was nice, but she barely understood English and forgot half of our order every single time we asked for something.
The rolls were not rolled firmly, as one can see by how the roll breaks apart by picking it up with chopsticks.
Finally, we ordered sashimi which didn't come until an hour later...to top that off, the tuna was a strange off color.
If you do come here, however, they have drink specials and the sauces as well as the baked rolls are not too terrible taste wise if you can get over the fact that you might need a spoon to pick it up.

The service was great and the place was well decorated and very trendy!!
I love the all you can eat sushi so brilliant!!

Worst sushi EVER.
Wtf is this!?
Came here because Goyemon estimated us a one hour wait time (as soon as we started getting our food at Sushi 21, Goyemon called -.-.
This is not sushi.
This is garbage.
STAY AWAY!
The quality is absolutely horrible.
Something that stood out was the uni.
This was THE worst sea urchin I have encountered in my life.
It was faaaaar from fresh, and the consistency was disgusting.
I have eaten fresh uni in Tsukiji fish market in Japan, right out of the sea urchin, still moving...
So I know exactly how fresh and good uni should taste.
I dont know what I was thinking expecting it from this restaurant.
It is Korean owned, and not authentic Japanese sushi.
The sushi "chefs" did not know the proper way to prepare the dishes or what sauces go with which.
They are also not very good at preparing sauces, as we had a roll that came out tasting exactly like a sour lemon... Ummm yikes!
Please wait the extra 20 minutes and go to Goyemon.
You'll thank me later.

Came here for the second time.
We got AYCE again.
There's nothing disappointing about this place.
Sushi chef Moon is the best.
My favorite roll is a Philly roll.
Not sure why, but I get it at every sushi restaurant.
We got to talking and I told him that I like spicy sushi.
He asked if I wanted to try a variation of a Philly roll that would add a little spice.
I agreed and I'm so glad I did.
He knows what he's doing.
We will definitely be back again.

Went here last night for the 100th time.
LOL.
always good sushi and the service is pretty good.
Only bad thing is I love GARLIC TUNA but they only allow you to order 1 order per person.
Not a big deal but i love my GARLIC TUNA,.,.
Great place to go with a couple friends or just a night with your partner.

Went here on a date, but we did not do AYCE.
Instead we ordered a sashimi platter and a couple of rolls.
The sashimi tasted really fresh and delicious.
I'm one of those weird people though who need a little rice with her sushi, hence the rolls.
I was really craving some softshell crab, but the roll we ordered was just chopped up imitation crab, which I did not care for.
The other roll we ordered was a spicy tuna with other stuff and that was really good.
All in all, it was a good experience.
The restaurant was a bit empty at 9:30pm, and the service was quick and friendly.
The prices are very reasonable too.
Definitely one of the better non-strip sushi places.

Wir waren positiv überrascht, weil der Laden etwas außerhalb lag.
Sehr freundlich Personal und nie um einen Tipp verlegen.
Wer gerne mal was anderes, als Burger und den anderen Scheiß essen will kann hier gut essen!

I didn't like it.. Just tasted bland.
Rolls were over sized.
I don't like pieces that I can't just pop into my mouth and have explosions of flavors.
However they had a great soft shell crab.. And that was about it  Service was just okay..
Girl was super nice not very attentive..

Had all u can eat sushi and it was truly all u can eat without feeling u up with rice like others do.
What a great value, potions were normal sizes and rolls too.
For 10$ more u can have all u can drink Japanese beer, that's crazy!!!
Do u know what this beer costs?
Customer for life

I love sushi.
Saying that I am disappointed with this sushi place.
First and foremost the menu.
The menu was good the choices were plentiful and they even allowed you to get sashimi.
The fish quality was good the salmon was fatty and the hamachi had great flavor and texture.
But the main problem I had was the rice.
The rice is the most important counterpart to sushi and the rice here had no flavor.
The more I ate the more I couldn't get over this.
Finally, the fried food was over battered and hard to eat.

I always wanted too try this Sushi 21 not only cause I LITERALLY pass it every time I go too the gym.
Always looking too try something new.
I trust my fellow yelpers and my friend Shayda had only positive things too say about it.
Cool.
New tradition take my roommate out for his birthday some AYCE sushi.
I never knew they had great HH prices half off rolls and all you can drink for $10 added charge only if you get the AYCE.
Right off the bat talk about making great first impression with the specials.
I like dam already have reason too come back again.
Talk about small place not too many booths, the sushi bar has nice amount of seating (two nice widescreens that can watch sports; one got too be close too 50' right on the corner and another smaller widescreen slightly off the side) though, and of all things even have tiny koi pound (more like baby size ones or look like but YES actual fish in it) interesting.
More in the back area they have a projection screen type playing music videos and feels little more like asian club cause can hear the music good in the restaurant.
Lot of stuff going on comes too the decor for such small place.
Honest I kind of fan breaks up the traditional sense of sushi restaurant.
The sushi ordered mostly nigiri that always given whenever I go AYCE style.
I felt like ALL the fish I had was fresh, looked great, and tasted awesome.
White Tuna, Hamachi, Albacore, Uni (not fresh; so took it for what is worth OK), scallops not what I expected or say am use too, Salmon, Cajon Albacore, and Unagi.
My roommate birthday boy ordered two rolls tried both.
Nothing wow factor so not remember what it was.
I ordered spicy yellow tail hand roll.
It was one of my favorite sushi the whole night.
They don't really list hand roll on the menu more cut it up rolls.
The sushi chef was great not problem at all.
The only thing that feel like lack for five star is diversity comes too the menu.
Unlike my only five star comes too sushi goyemon they offer more different cuts of fish, special menu with bunch of grill items, and diversity.
The service was fabulous!
We were constantly being checked up on.
Too drinks never even had chance too get half empty before asked if needed refill.
The sushi chef was very friendly.
Awesome!
Nothing worst sitting at sushi bar the sushi chef stay all stuck up.
Sushi 21 if want football (MNF style)  no worries about being packed getting your fill in.
We sat front and center too the tv the whole game.
Winnah!
It always helps that not only is it so close too goyemon no worries about it being packed.
But it always nice second option if line too long just being down the road.
Sushi 21 solid choice comes too AYCE sushi.
I will be coming back again get some of that all you can drink in.

Exorbitant prices.
Heavy flavor.
Lots of rice.
Little meat.
Long service and wait times.
Smelly dark interior.

I really miss sushi 21!
I used to go to sushi 21 to have a time with my friends and family and i remember that they had a sake bomb which serves free beer with sake!
And sushi man usually sing a song for shots!!
I was so excited to do it!
Foods are great quality and their spicy tuna hand roll is awesome!!
Staffs are really nice and friendly!
Love this place and if I visit in Las Vags, I will definately go this location!!

I don't like sushi, but my wife loves it.
So i came here.
I went to another sushi restaurant down the street but it was way too packed.
So we came here with help from yelp, and I am glad we did.
There wasn't many people at all.
This place is a hidden gem.
Service was great.
I had teriyaki chicken and rice and i loved it.
I am very picky and reserved when it comes to Asian food, but this place was good.
I dug in and cleaned the plate.
My wife liked her sushi and the price was right.
Glad we went here instead of the other place.

We've been here a few times now and are very happy, friendly service, good choices on food, and prices reasonable.
Plus we get to watch the cutest music videos while we enjoy dinner.
Beware my man asked for hotter sauce and they hooked him up.
Don't go above a 5 on hotness lol  I think this place is just as good as Goyemon if not better.
We Love it yummy!

Goyemon is always so busy.
When i starve myself so i can have AYCE in the evening I want to eat right away not an hour from the time i get to the establishment.
With that said Sushi 21 is pretty dang good.
The eel was a little too soft for my liking, but everything else was spot on.
The sushi chef was great.
Even though the bar was full and he was in charge of the to-go orders our food was coming out faster then we can eat, and we eat fast.
The nigiri was fresh.
The yellowtail came in big chunks.
So yummy.
The Salmon was real fresh too.
They have an extensive roll menu.
LOVED the Jackpot.
Nevada was good too.
I even got the lobster roll.
Its a California Roll with fried bits of lobster on top with eel sauce.

This place is more authentic than you'd get in some other places.
The rolls are good not amazing and same with the Nigiri and sashimi.
However the guys behind the bar are so fun.
Ask for Kenny because he will show you a great time!
The food was good but the entertainment from the guys behind the bar was priceless.

I met a friend for dinner here a few nights ago - some all you can eat and some Hockey on the provided TVs by the bar.
The restaurant is nicely laid out.
The service is professional and well planned.
And the prices, with AYCE, are very decent.
The atmosphere was lively for a weeknight.
The popcorn lobster roll might just be the most beautiful thing I've found in a sushi bar in a very long time.
It will have me coming back for more of its delicious fried beautifulness.
I think this is something that this bar can call its own - that it has actually created something I'd never tasted before at a sushi bar.
And I think that says a fair amount.
Also, the fish was fresh and that is very, very important when you're looking to consume raw.
Good location and its definitely worth the walk in if you're in the mood for sushi.

I have been coming here for years with my parents (my dad actually started coming here in 1998).
As a youngin I always got the bento plates which are all amazing, great portions and flavor.
As an adult I like to switch it up and either get lomein or AYCE, fish is always up if not higher than I expect it to be.
The service is amazing and everyone is always on top of it (even the owner who is usually there).
The chefs are a lot of fun with tons of energy and occasionally will have a on the house sake bomb!
Definitely must check out especially if you're a local, hidden gem!

While there are a ton of AYCE sushi spots in Vegas, Sushi 21 is by far one of my favorites.
They've got a pretty hefty menu of AYCE selections, so you aren't faced with too much repetition if you want to switch things up, and if you get bored with the menu, the chefs always have a little special item they can throw together for you.
My favorite specialty has seared salmon with kiwi - one of Kenny's awesome little creations.
Just the thought of this delectable little dish makes me want to hop in the car and head over for an early dinner.
Meanwhile, if you're going to stick to the menu, I would suggest the popcorn lobster roll - somehow the sweet of the eel sauce and spicy mayo mix with the coolness of the California roll and the heat of the deep fried lobster bites to form the perfect symphony of greatness.
Seriously.
Try it.
Throw in a two for one deal on hot sake and you've got a pretty freakin amazing meal!

Great place with good prices for the quality that you get.
Being that my husband and I came from a trip to Tokyo not that long ago it is the next best thing.
In fact we came back the next day to eat more tuna nigiri and try their udon soups.
It was as good as the first day.
If you want Japanese chef go to Japan where you might be surprised that not every sea urchin is fresh either.
One reviewer was taken by the sea urchin taste: when you are in the desert, what do you expect, a mini ocean in the back yard?
Quality: fresh and what it should be.
However they do not put wasabi right away in nigiri.
Rice was warm and not hard, in a perfect proportion to the amount of fish.
Atmosphere: it is not  a fancy restaurant but a pleasant one.
Family, friends and dates  would feel comfortable there.
Price is fair for the quality provided.

When me and my wife feel the need for some sushi this is the place we go to.
The service is real good and the food is great.
If you ever go try the pop corn lobster roll.

DO NOT GO.
I had the worst experience ever!!!!!
Sushi was terrible.
It was so dry and did not have any flavor at all.
We told the waitress we were not going to eat the food because it looked and tasted bad.
The sushi chef comes out, finds out about the situation and goes "What the fuck!!!!!.
" He kept asking us why we couldn't eat the sushi and did not take "Because it tastes terrible" as an answer.
After we were done paying, the same chef followed us all the way to the door and started yelling in his own language and started throwing salt all around us.
I know in some Asian countries they use salt for purification purpose, and therefore by throwing the salt around us he was treating us as "bad luck.
" I would be surprised if he still works there because no one would want to hire such a rude crazy chef like him.

This sushi restaurant is one of the worst if not the worst I have ever been to.
Its surprising because Las Vegas is well known for amazing sushi.
The service was not inviting, the fish was dry and looked like it was sitting out all day.
The salmon wasn't fresh.
It tasted almost rotten.
The rice was dry and had a salty after taste.
It was so bad that even the dessert was horrible.
The green tea ice cream tasted artificial.
For the all you can eat option, well they made it uncomfortable to order by reminding us that they charge for leftovers.
This is not our first rodeo and we are very aware of that common policy for all u can eat sushi.
I guess im glad he did warn us because the food was appallingly disgusting.
Im not sure I would have finished my orders.
Im sticking with Goyemon or Kaya.
This place isnt worth the time and money.

We picked Sushi 21 at random to have dinner!
I was very impressed with the service and the food..you can't go wrong with the all you can eat/drink deal!

We went here on 3/21/14 for AYCE dinner.
Service was good.
Atmosphere was casual with lots of TV's.
We ordered AYCE.
Everything literally came out within 10 seconds of each other; I wasn't prepared or used to sushi prepared this fast.
So, needless to say, I had a huge platter of nigiri that eventually warmed to room temperature.
The fish tasted...fishy and toughy like beef; wasn't expecting that.
Having to swallow that whole platter while somewhat in disgust, I lost my appetite to continue.
On a positive note: The ahi poke was the largest portion I've ever consumed.
It was a huge bowl of ahi chunks, sesame oil & seeds, and seaweed...really good stuff.
I could have just ordered that and been satisfied.

AYCE Sushi for $26.99  Seems reasonable.
I came in with a few of my Vegas resident friends for dinner before the night got started.
It's just a few miles from the strip on Tropicana.
For AYCE, you can pretty much order off the entire menu.
Their special rolls were decent, nothing spectacular, still good.
I had the salmon and white tuna sushi.
It wasn't as fresh as I'd like it to be.
Not that it wasn't fresh though.
I just prefer it to be slightly colder when I bite into my sushi's.
The ahi poke salad appetizer was good.
Had a bit of a kick to it.
People that enjoy spicy food may like that.
Service was decent.
Although, our friends told us that the serve indicated we would receive a sake shot with ordering AYCE after 8pm.
Well, we did not receive it.
When we had asked the server, she said because it was busy they had to move the time to 9pm.
Really?
With at least 5 tables still empty and still plenty of chairs available for the bar area, that was busy?
I don't think a small order of sake would make any difference in how busy a restaurant is.
Because of that, they weren't a favorite in my opinion.
We asked for separate checks, 3 bills.
The bill for 2 people with gratuity included came out to be $72!
They added $11 in gratuity.
There was only 5 people dining.
I always thought gratuity gets added on for a party of 6 or more, something 8 or more.
I definitely wasn't pleased about it.
Paid my dues and left.
I don't think I'll be making a stop here for sushi if I'm ever in the area.

So this WINDOW ruined my appetite !!!
Good thing we were done eating first the guy in back stuck the sushi in the microwave for 5 min !
And then 20 min later he shoved a handful of food in his mouth from whatever he was cooking other than that sushi was good so ill give it 4 stars

Came for lunch AYCE, price 21.95 (dinner 26.95).
Take not that some items on the menu are only reserved for dinner.
Fish was fresh, rolls were large & flavorful.
If you are super sensitive to spicy items, make sure you tell them that you don't want anything spicy to include sauces on your selection.
I ordered 2 items that didn't depict a hot flaming chile yet they were too spicy for me, lucky for me, my bf help me out.
Even the baked rolls had an added kick that I had to inquire about so the next round didn't have it.
Enjoy that appetizers come with & a dessert is an extra great bonus to top it off.

I came in to the establishment loving it here fm another experience.
However the latest experience was not so enjoyable.
My friend and I ordered all u can eat and just ordered 4 rolls which extras rolls came out.
When we addressed it they said it was okay and proceeded on talking shit.
I am half Korean and black and them not realizing it called my friend and I black slanderous names.
This racism has to stop.
So I spoke to her in Korean letting her know I understood and then it all stopped.
The management got so embarrassed off her actions she left the building.
Never again

Quality sushi and service!

Omg I LOVE this place!!!
The whole staff John and Kenny everyone here is SO nice!
The place is immaculately CLEAN and the sushi is to DIE FOR!!
I come here at least once a week cuz I just can't get enough of Sushi 21!!!

Such a great place to hang out and enjoy great sushi!
They have Japanese music videos playing and a fun staff!

love the japan pop videos they show...oh and the food is pretty decent too!

Bye far the best sushi I've had in Las Vegas.
Kenny is great too!
I recommend that everyone try this place at least once and you'll always come back for more!
The baked lobster roll and the I'm your mother roll are the best tools ever, such fresh fish, especially the salmon!
You've got to come try it!!
Don't miss out!

Been coming here and only here for years!
Best part is Kenny the main chef making a baked lobster roll.
Also the fact that we can come in after work and they stay open until 2am!
Food is generally speaking out in a jiffy as well!

It's so yummy!
Love how they have sake sangria and they cater to vegetarians !
I come here all the time with my friends !
They are open till 230am witch is amazing for Las Vegas!
They have great service hey get your order out so quick!
Will always be here !

We come here for the K-pop videos.
No lie.
Best place to watch hot Korean guys dance and sing on a big projector screen on the wall.
Uggg!
Why are Korean men so hot??????
Anyway- I find this to be a great distraction after a long day at work.
Favorite rolls are the Johnny Roll and S.W.A.T Roll, plus their Yellowtail Kama and Vegetable Tempura are exceptionally delicious here!

Saw the menu looked fantastic, so we ordered All you can eat, then we were given the All you can eat, much less of a selection with the majority of the things I wanted not on it.
The shrimp tempura roll had a pile of crunch and no avocado, not bad but different then every other place we go to.
Everyone was very friendly.

I've been here a few times and ALWAYS forget to check in for 15% off my bill but I don't really mind that too much because I've never had a single bad experience here.
Ingredients are always fresh and vibrant and the staff is great.

I have been to a lot of sushi restaurant , but we dicided to try this place .
Everything was so delicious .
Friendly staff fast and efficient .
For the price you pay for all you can eat is so worth it .
So when in Vegas for sure to try sushi 21 and you won't be disappointed .

We make it here atleast once a month for AYCE.
Their rolls are amazing!
The lobster roll is one of my favorites.
After going here for the past 3-4 years they always manage to do something wrong... From bad service to wrong orders never have I came here without a problem.
If it wasn't for their food I wouldn't ever bother coming here.
Ordered the Muscles they came out burnt, ordered a few rolls took about 30 mins, forgot one of our orders.
I'm just waiting for the day we come here and walk away without a problem.
It's been almost 4 years and still haven't experienced it.

HATE  Nothing.
DISLIKE  Kitchen closed before last call.
LIKE  Friendly staff.
Open late.
Menu is organized into helpful sections.
Location is close to home.
Selection of rolls.
LOVE  Nothing.

This is simply a great place to eat.
Food is fresh, service is very good and price is right.
I was traveling to Vegas and stumbled upon Sushi 21.
I have traveled a lot and let me tell you that I'm jealous for the Las Vegas locals to have this place.
Congrats.

