It's 5AM and 3 girls are back at their Vegas hotel room-- drunk and wanting nothing but pizza!
Unfortunately, even in Sin City-- Dominoes, Pizza Hut and all the other big chain pizza places close at 4am!
Thank GOD for Flamingo's (the close at 5).
The pizza arrived hot and fresh in about 40 minutes!
YUM!
Three girls killed a 10-slice pizza in less than 30mins-- only in Vegas!

Ordered lunch from here today...completely disgusting.
Yea, you would have to be drunk to order from Flamingo Pizza.
I ordered, did not eat the meat ravioli, my son ordered their pizza (sausage & pepperoni)!
6 ravioli with one spoonful of sauce.
They were so dried out, tried one ravioli only to throw the rest away ALONG with their menu!!

We sit there in our Vegas hotel (my cousins and me) ...
It's been over an hour and a half, it's about 2 in the morning and we're  not hungry anymore.
When we almost lose our appetite, the pizza finally arrives.
"That'll be 9 bucks.
" My cousin gives a twenty.
"I'm sorry but I don't have change.
"  Aren't these delivery peeps supposed to be ready and have extra change?
We just slammed the door in his face and ate the pizza, which was mediocre tasting.
Never again.
DON'T GET FLAMINGO PIZZA!

It wasn't too bad when I ordered from them.
I got a burger, Fries and one of those "Test me" platter thingies, and my bill was under 15 bucks.
WITH tip.
I got my food.
turned on HBO and had a wonderful time watching Harry Potter and eating my wonderful meal!
I enjoyed it.
Maybe I'm just not an uppity bitch....
I dunno.

I got a special through groupon and I have to say I wouldn't even pay $5 for their pizza!
The lady that takes your order is rude and you can get a much better pizza at "Little Caesars" by far!
This was my first time trying them since it was a special and I will never, ever go back there.
You would think to earn more business they would try to make a customer happy?!
And they regularly charge $18 for the pizza I ordered?
No way!
Like I mentioned it wasn't even worth $5.
Save yourself the headache and go elsewhere because any other pizza joint would be much better than here.
Not to mention the place looked dirty too but I forgot to check their Health demerits.

My body is seething with hate right now and I didn't even try their food.
Flamingo Pizza has shady businness ethics.
On Saturday, I decided to cancel my order after the lady said it would take between a hour and forty minutes.
That was too late for me.
A few days later my debit card has a pending charge even after I canceled.
Ugh, I hate this.
Don't fuck with my money.
I know I might sound like an asshole right now because the transaction is still pending but I just don't like it when I'm being charged $50+ over something I didn't even buy.
That could go towards a nice Christmas gift, ya know?
Don't buy pizza in Chinatown.

After being up all night we went to grab their combo deal for $30.
What a deal!
We got a little of everything; pizza, garlic bread, beans, soda and a whole slab of ribs!It happily fed four of us :)

i ordered a half a bucket of chicken wings and the chicken finger and french fries meal.
the food arrived with everything in the bag soaking wet.
i picked up a french fry and it was completely soggy.
the fry wouldnt even stand up straight.
it just drooped over and almost broke in half.
the chicken wings were soggy and a few were even bloody.
the food was not even seasoned at all.
the food was absolutely disgusting.
i complained and atleast the lady that answered was very polite.
she offered me a 20% discount on my next order, but i wont need it because ill probably never order food from them ever again.

The gyro and the pizza go together real good.
Real good!
The gyro meat is lean yet hearty and the pizza is made with dough and cheese and sauce (nice!).
The sandwiches are good and the mingling of flavors bursts in your mouth like cluster bombs falling on groups of orcs in some vast battle.
I am often reminded of orcish warfare when eating hoagies a.k.a.
Grinders a.k.a.
Subs and the pasta is good too.
If you could watch a yeti trained in the art of snakefist Kung Fu battling about four or five tonfa wielding centaurs then you sort of get the idea of what to expect when eating their appetizers and stuff.
I like Flamingo Pizza.
I like alot of things.

if i could give 1/2 a star or less i would.
i'm kind of regretting that i didn't read the reviews here first before ordering, something that i normally do.
i was feeling under the weather today, and was not up for cooking or driving to get something to eat, so decided to place an order.
the day before there was a flier attached to my door, after perusing through their menu, i decided to order a burger and a triple decker for the next day.
after i place my order i was informed that the delivery charge was to be $5.00...5 bucks for delivery?
are you kidding?
when i asked them about this, they had the nerve to tell me that i was not in their delivery area, hence the inflated charge.
i was astonished and told them, why bother putting up fliers in an area that is out of jurisdiction (obviously to gauge customers on delivery).
as upset as i was, i ordered anyways as i was still not well.
nearly 2 hours later, as i sit hungry, and calling several times to be told that the driver is en route, i finally called to tell them not to bother, because if it is taking him nearly an hour to get to me, i really don't want a cold burger and fries.
of course, as i sit here writing this review, still hungry, and still unwell, the driver calls to tell me that he is at the gate...i laughed and told him to take it back, since i cancelled the order...my suggestion, find some place else to order, unless you know in advance that you'll be hungry for a cold pizza or burger 3 hours after ordering.

The person who answered the phone has no idea how to take care of customer, food was not good.
I ordered Philly Cheesesteak, grilled cheese sandwich, fries and a coke.
They offered me pepsi since they did not had coke, fries were ice cold, cheesesteak had no test in it and I didn't even tried the sandwich......... i would never go their again.

I don't know why people are bitching about Flamingo Pizza when in their reviews they say they ordered anything but pizza, but I am SO happy that I found their menu on my hotel room floor because they deliver well into the wee hours of the night.
Pizza delivered to my hotel lobby at 3AM is a necessity.
I can get two 18" one topping pizzas (always mushrooms and pepperoni) in under an hour and for roughly $30 (including tip).
They deliver to the entire Strip but can only go as far as the hotel lobby, but do you really want a stranger knocking on your hotel room door at 3AM?
Their pizza is super tasty by the way.
I must've killed half of one pizza laying in my bed watching The Walking Dead reruns after a longass night of clubbing.
Never tried anything but their pizza, but if you're going to call a pizza store and order a burger or a Philly cheesesteak and then complain about it, you really need to take a good close look at yourself in the mirror.
Oh, and that other half, if your hotel has a microwave, you've got breakfast!
Thanks for taking care of my 3AM pizza cravings Flamingo Pizza, I'll definitely be calling you the next time I'm in Vegas!

After driving all over, finally found this place.
Upon walking in, I was hesitant because it smelled like there was a plumbing issue and the lady taking orders was 'weird' (I'll keep it at that).
Suprisingly, the pizza and wings were great and the price wad decent.
Came hot and was everything I asked for.
I'd recommend!
(4 stars for appearance issues)

Their pizza is good.
Its better than most independent pizza places.
Thier attidue blows.
They have terrible customer service and thier employees are not friendly.
They have (had) a 7.00 large pickup 1 toping special.
Most of the time they let you do cheese on 1/2 and 2 toppings on the other half (still ends up being 1 topping)  But they change things around too often.
Today I called for the same pickup special and it was 7.99 + an extra topping 10.91 to pickup.
What?
They just can't seem to be consistant.
I'll eat pizza elsewhere.
Thanks.

What a joke.
Place a delivery order, 2.5 hours and two phone calls later, a delivery driver shows up with pizza to tell me that they do not accept cards.
Way to waste my time, Flamingo Pizza.
No idea if the food is even decent, took over 2.5 hours to get to me on a weeknight.

