I'm the kind of guy thats apprehensive about oil changes and auto repairs of any kind.
I have always received bad service by what seems like salesman not listening to what I really want but instead unselling me on things I don't need.
Not at this location!
From the second I pull up to the bay doors to the second I leave I am treated like a VIP.
The gentleman even run up and open the car door for my wife.
The crew at this location actively listen, engage us in conversation and most importantly they don't batter me with constant up sells.
They respect the word no and don't push.
This crew is why I am going to stay a Jiffy Lube customer for a long time.

I just had to write a review on this place, this is my second time coming here, and I have to say, they are the most polite, and customer service friendly place I have ever went to get my oil changed at.
They know what they are doing and doing a Great Job.
They don't try to upsale things you don't need.
They are really helpful and professional, since I am a woman, I have been to places that were not professional and I actually didn't go back because of how uncomfortable they made me feel.
But this Jiffy Lube was fantastic.
Great Job!!

I used this Jiffy Lube out of necessity one day after my husband's truck nearly ran dry of oil while I was running errands.
Now I never go anywhere else.
The employees here are SO polite, and don't pressure you to buy unnecessary add-ons.
Exact quote from the guy today: "Your filters look good, belts look good, everything looks good, so we'll just get you a quick oil change today!

The Jiffy Lube staff was perfect!
They were polite, understood my request, offered me coffee while they took in my car.
While I fixed my coffee they topped up the oil and such, checked the tires, and I walked out the other side of the office, got in my car and drove away.
Top up is a free service following an oil change from Jiffy Lube.
It felt like it only took 5 minutes.
It was the wonderful experience you hope for.
Jiffy Lube is reasonably priced for the original service.
And the team deserves being known for their competence and perfect customer service.
Thank you.

I just needed a smog check.
Normally a take my car to some dingy place with some dirty guy who looks like a meth head working there.
You know what I'm talking about...
They smog me, the sketchy guy charging me 20 bucks, and I'm on my way.
But this place is different...
It was clean.
The guy instantly grab my keys and did my smog.
He smiled and was nice.
My check was only 25 bucks.
It makes me wonder why they going to the seedy places in the hood for my whole life.
I'll definitely be back for smogs and oil changes for now on.
If you're interested in quick and cost effective service at a place that is clean and comfortable, then check out this location.

I came to get my smog checked and it took 10 minutes.
I was in and out and had a very nice man helping me.
While he was doing his thing we chatted, had a lot in common about our home towns.
It was great service and a great price~  $19.95!
Cant beat that!

We found the Jiffy Lube very easily.
Not being from around here, I think that it's a major plus.
We were immediately greeted by Tom as we pulled up.
He drove our car into the service area.
I was able to watch the car the whole time.
We were especially worried about that because we were moving and had our whole life in our car.
Tom offered fresh coffee and the waiting area had comfortable seating.
The man behind the counter, Denis, was incredibly professional.
He took us to the service area, checked battery (good), asked if we wanted new windshield wipers ( we did not), and said our cabin filter needed replacing at some point in the next few years ( which we already knew).
He asked the type of oil we wanted to use and  offered to make sure that we did not need anything else.
He finished in under 15 minutes ( also a plus!
) added windshield washer fluid, check belts, wires, tires ( and much more!).
Only cost 42.50.
Overall a top notch experience.
They opened doors for me and had healthy respect for women.
They treated my fiancé nicely.
No "creepy" feeling!

Friendly service, but SLOW!
I was the only car when I arrived.
They went right to work, but since starting about 5 other cars have showed up.
For some reason my car is now sitting and NOTHING is being done while they work on other cars.
Since I have ADD myself, I can understand the technician having it as well, but finish my car already.
*update* One hour and 15 minutes and STILL waiting!
*update* Sweet Jesus, they finally got that tire back on.
*update* There are 42 ceiling tiles in the waiting area *update* They're done!
I'm going to get some ice cream to celebrate!

2nd time here and we're probably going to be regulars.
Great customer service!
Sean was very informative on what needed to be done maintenance wise, honest mechanic and definitely not money hungry.
Signature Service Oil Change, new battery & installation - all just 30 minutes.
That's what I'm talking about!
In and out, hassle free & simple.
We'll definitely be back :) Thanks guys!

Awesome service and customer service, very honest, helpful, knowledgeable and fast definitely not trying to rip you off!!
Highly recommendable.
Thank you all..

Great, quick, friendly service.
Did not try to nickel and dime me.
If you're looking for an oil change look no further.

