Before this visit, I hadn't been to Vegas in 30 years.
It's gotten a lot bigger and more over-the-top since I last passed through.
I was here with my lovely wife and two other couples on a mini-vacation without the kids.
As we walked down the strip, I had to both marvel and laugh at how Vegas has duplicated the great monuments of Western Civilization in its uniquely cheesy, kitschy, throw-away-restraint, spare-no-expense fashion whilst pandering to the lowest common denominator in taste and decorum.
Regardless, it's all great fun and represents an amazing spectacle.
Whilst sauntering down the sidewalk, we stopped at bars for drinks, checked out a few casinos and received handfuls of business cards that let you know that "Grace & Kelly" can be at your room, totally nude and ready to fully serve, in 20 minutes or less for $79 as a 2 girl special.
I was more than ever convinced that Vegas represented an immensely entertaining cultural desert.
We approached the Venetian and the ladies in our party remembered they had some shopping imperatives and we were soon winding around in a never-ending indoor mall with faux ceilings that look like puffy clouds in a baby blue sky and following a central canal replete with singing gondoliers.
We even saw some live "statuary" who were cleverly plumbed up to a water supply and, with water shooting from their fingertips, looked like moving fountains.
Yep--it's Vegas, baby!
Since I had been accosted by one clever-but-phony spectacle after another for about an hour, I initially thought I was viewing yet another when I stumbled upon a store that had a bronze Illyrian helmet from the 3rd or 4th century BC in its display case.
It sure looked real though.
I went in to find out more.
The place was filled with antiquities that actually were real.
Its concept was unique and cool too.
Ancient Creations acquires ancient coins and sets them in jewelry.
Every item is unique.
The prices start at around $1000 and go up accordingly based on rarity.
Greek, Roman and Byzantine coins were all represented.
The staff were very informative and friendly and took my friend and I around the store on a grand tour.
I was impressed by their historical knowledge and willingness to spend time with us.
On the other hand, I suspect they don't often find tourists who are interested in talking about first century coinage.
A piece of jewelry from this place would truly be a signature item and a great conversation starter.
The pièce de résistance was an item that had been lent to the store by one of its patrons (and wasn't for sale).
It was a first edition of the King James Bible dated 1611.
It had to be worth at least a quarter of a million dollars and was in beautiful condition.
This was something I'd pay to see in a museum.
I had discovered true culture in sin city.
Yeah, baby!

Ancient Creations is a phenomenal place to visit at the Venetian.
Their collection and historical information blows the mind.
I was specifically interested in the Alexander the Great pieces as well the Atocha coins they had.
All of it real, all of it legit, and an amazing gem of a store as staff.

This store has very unique jewelry based on coins and other ancient artifacts.
When you buy a piece here, it is an investment because you are buying a rare archelological item that you might otherwise find in a museum, but if you want a special gift for someone, check this place out.
The staff are very knowledge about the historical nature of the items.

Very cool spot with an extremely knowledgable owner who will share the extraordinary history of each and every coin they possess should you care to know about them.

Such a cool place to visit!
Dino was so knowledgeable on every single piece.
My husband and I were just browsing and we ended up having a 45 minute conversation with Dino about history.
He's so passionate about his business and he left  a heartwarming impression on us.
Dino we wish you many more successful years in business!

