I LOVE Hello Kitty.
Actually my favourite is Badtz Maru, the penguin with the bad attitude.
I practically jumped up and down after seeing the Sanrio store, but when I went in, I was kind of disappointed.
Most of the products were Hello Kitty, which is fine, since she's the basis of Sanrio, but very few other characters.
On top of that, the Hello Kitty selection of stuff was pretty limited to lots of pens and pencils.
I did get a Chococat pill case and a HK nail file.
I really wanted a business card holder, but we will remain on the search.

Compared to my local Sanrio stores, this one rules!
I visited in October '06 and I spent $60 without even trying, I could've easily spent more...I went crazy for the Kuromi and Tenorikuma stuff which was new at the time, and hard to find where I live...I am going to Vegas again in March, and since I don't gamble, this store is pretty much the only thing on my MUST DO list...

I love Sanrio!!!
and I love Hello Kitty!!!
and I love this location!!!
This store has an excellent selection.
It has more products than most Sanrio locations.
I recommend all Hello Kitty lovers to stop by whenever they are in Las Vegas.
You will not be disappointed.

I live here.
Seriously, I do.
Whenever I go to the mall, I'm completely absorbed in Hello Kitty and all her cute, little friends.
I'll be there for hours on end until someone comes to pull me out or I've looked at everything at least seven times.
It's a little expensive, but bear in mind that lots of this stuff is from Japan and is pretty much only available at other specialty stores.
If you plan on moving into this magical shopping Wonderland as have I, prepare to be on cloud 10.

I go to this Sanrio store the most- it's small but it's set up very well.
I get my stationery here- yes, I still write letters to my Grandma; I'm probably one of the few last letter writers around.
It's a tough decision because there are so many choices.
Cute characters.
Sometimes if I can't make up my mind, I buy two sets of stationery.
I also find cute things at the store in the Ala Moana shopping mall.
I also have a stamp card to that store rather than this one- kinda funny.
I've liked Sanrio since I was a little girl (Hello Kitty, Little Twin Stars, My Melody were the older ones I grew up with)- I used to think that it was a largely Asian thing, but I see all kinds of customers in all age groups in these stores.

Hmmmm...I know that I shouldn't expect too much when going to the mall, but basic sales and customer service skills are always nice.
Basically the store gets an extra star because they do have items that are unique to this Sanrio that can't be found at other Sanrio's---I was visiting for work and decided to stop by here to grab some goodies for the kiddies.
I was not greeted or acknowledged until I walked to the back of the store and started touching merchandise in the back.
I selected some items that were on sale with a certain percentage off.
I get to the register see that there is a sign stating that if I spend $30, I would receive a coupon for $15 back to use on my next purchase.
My total came out to $26---I proceeded to ask if I would be able to qualify for the coupon.
The cashier then proceeded to tell me it would not work on sales items---here was her chance to upsell me---she didn't take the chance.
I just said ok and paid for my purchases and walked out.
Had the cashier not been so preoccupied in trying to expense out products to create gift sets--she would have noticed that she rung up my order incorrectly.
Luckily I checked my receipt outside of the store---I would've been salty if I was on the plane headed home.
She forgot to ring up the sale items as such---so I go in to tell her that I need a refund for the incorrect amount.
She passes me off to someone else that had no idea what was going on.
The refund took a good 15 minutes and at the end of the transaction the cashier wanted to know if I still wanted the products---uh duh---I just want my 30% off that the sign surrounding the products says I should get.
Finally I get my corrected receipts and continue to stand there because after they took the products out of the bag---they were trying to go back to their busy work---after 10 seconds I finally just asked for the products so I could be on my way.
I totally understand we have our slow days---but 2 people in the same store working at the same place being slow---no good can come of that.
But alas, this store does have interesting items that other ones don't, so next time I visit Vegas I will probably shop here again, but with a lot lower standards than I am accustomed to so I don't get grumpy.

This store brought back so many good childhood memories!
It was great to see a good selection.
This store has a lot of the classic characters which I like because even though I love Sanrio I've never been into Hello Kitty.
What makes this store a 5 star was the service.
When they were moving to the new location I sauntered in and proceeded to look around, not knowing they were closed to the public!
There were a lot of markdown items and I got a brown leather purse for 50% off!
I liked how they let me shop and stay in the store even when I realized it was closed.
I went back into their new location and the lady who helped me was so nice.
She was nice to my mom and they talked about Sanrio's history.
I wasn't followed around or otherwise treated like a criminal, which was good after my Prada fiasco.
Whenever I need my little knick knacks and I'm in Vegas I will always come here.
5-star service indeed!

