We entered our room to find a live roach swimming in the toilet.
Our room did not have any shampoo or soap so I went to the phone to call down to the front desk only to find out that the phone didn't work.
It turns out this hotel offers an "extended stay" program which attracts a unique subgroup of individuals.
The internet here is crazy slow.
There was one too many fire detectors in the room, one of which looked very suspicious.
I am betting it was a hidden camera.
I should also mention that there were at least 8 LARGE dead moths along the wall with the window.
It was pretty gross...  Our stay was short but felt too long.
I will not be returning to Homestead in the future.

This place has its ups and downs.
When I first got in the room there was a piece of poop that clogged the toilet.
I had to poke it with the back of the plunger to break it up so it could flush.
It really disturbs me that there could be a piece of poop that wide in the first place.
With that aside I liked the layout of the room.
The internet is very slow.
Its great if you want to just google search all day, but if you want to watch a minute long youtube video be prepared to wait 10 minutes for it to load.
But its a good price so I cant complain.

It did what we needed it to.
Provided us with shelter, had a kitchen, and bathroom.
Would prefer a central cooling system and bath supplies and soap to wash dishes in the kitchen sink

Dead roach on the bathroom floor when we walked in, and cigarette burns in the sheets.
Think twice before you book here.

Stayed here for a week while waiting to move into my home.
Look it is what it is which means it's a place to sleep and make a simple meal if you have to.
Staff is friendly and the rooms are clean.

Friendly staff and convenient.
Don't have to put up with long check in lines.
Kitchen and refrigerator are great if you are tired of eating out all the time.

My husband stayed here for a business trip and I visited him.
The fridge and stove are handy to save money making your own food.
The room was very clean.
Wish there was more silverware in the room, but the dollar store up the street solved the problem.

This hotel is now an Extended Stay hotel.
It looks like they've done some updating.
I had a reservation for 2 nights and cancelled the second night.
The photos online make it look like they have the 3 sheets on the beds, but it's a bedspread made to look like that.
I'm sure the sheets were clean, but the pillows had an odor to them.
It's convenient to the Sunrise Hospital across the street, but I'm afraid that's the only good thing I can say about this hotel.

