As far as Domino's goes, this one is pretty consistent with others that I've visited.
I usually only go if I'm able to use a coupon but if you order online, those are usually readily available.
If you ask me, Domino's pizza tends to be a bit on the saltier side but that just means that it goes well with beer!

Worst service everrrr!!!!!!
called 2 hours ago for pizza and breadsticks...get my food an hour later and no marinara sauce for the breadsticks..so i call back and they said they'll have someone come right back...over an hour later...still no marinara sauce..breadsticks are now cold..FINALLY after calling back THREE times, someone is "supposedly" on their way...horrible service..didnt even offer a discount or credit...i dont know what kind of ppl they have working there, but its not that difficult...wont be ordering from here again...

We ordered our pizza online from their website, and our food was ready in no time!
Food: We ordered a medium pizza with pepperoni and green peppers, and garlic sticks.
The pizza was really good, but the garlic sticks were not very good in my opinion, and didn't taste like much.
Service: The guy serving me was very friendly and efficient.
However, we ordered two marinara sauce cups for the garlic sticks, and only ended up receiving one.
No big deal, but still.
Overall experience at this Domino's location was great, and would order from them again!

If I could give them no stars I would.
I walked in and was waiting to order my pizza when I see them cleaning the air vents with a dusty broom right over where they make the pizzas.
Gross!!
Walked out right then and there.

The only reason they got one star is because their delivery people are friendly and prompt and they are fast and convenient.
Their menu is easy to order from and their food selections are good.
Their problem?
The food ALWAYS  has a problem.
It's either burnt or missing or not cooked enough etc.
Etc.
Etc.
If they would just cook the food so it's not burnt or the order is actually correct, they could vastly increase their market share I believe.

This pizza takes like CRAP!
I order dominos all the time in LA and never tasted something so nasty!
The ingredients must be weeks old!
I ordered a chicken bacon pizza and it tasted like vomit.
I also ordered a pepperoni but I am afraid to try it.
I tried calling to complain and there was no answer.
This place needs a corporate visit because it gives Dominos a bad name.

