Some of us make stupid (sober!
) choices on escalators.
Stupid enough that they end up bleeding all over the floor at the Imperial Palace and must receive 11 stitches.
Where to get them?
Well, immediate care is cheaper than the ER, and probably faster, so my friend drove me and my bloody knee over to HMC on the recommendation of hotel security (both for HMC and the stitches).
Some immediate care places can be skeezy, but this one wasn't.
It was clean, and everyone was friendly and professional.
Best of all: only two people were waiting in front of me!
A nurse was done with my vitals before I'd even finished the small amount of paperwork!
The building had a fair amount of examining rooms, with a separate area/waiting room for x-rays, and suturing had its own room - appropriately called the Suturing Room - so I'm guessing they dole out a lot of stitches.
The first nurse who cleaned me up was ribbing me and it was pretty funny.
Don't know if my stitches could've been done faster, this was my first time and I was freaking out, but it didn't feel like the doctor was dawdling.
I was bandaged up well and given ample instructions.
There was another waiting room for discharge/payment.
An emergency visit with x-rays and stitches cost $476, which I'm sure saved me hundreds compared to if I'd gone to the regular ER.
I was told the basic visit was $190.
I even got a letter a week and a half later that my x-rays came out fine...which they told me when I got them.
That would suck to find out so much later I needed a cast.
HMC is open 24/7 and has a pharmacy on site.
For you vacationers: HMC does NOT accept out-of-state insurance, however, they will send you stuff to submit to your insurance company after the fact.

DO NOT GO HERE.
It may be convenient to the strip, but they get incredibly backed up and are extremely rude.
The Hispanic girl (I say Hispanic, as there was a girl of Asian decent there as well) at the front counter was rude when I needed to get to my wife, stating that 'We're too busy to let you back to her' Wait, WHAT!?!?
Then she proceeds to get upset with me because I'm frustrated.
And why are you in Health 'Care'....???
She became very standoffish with me.
The Doctor prescribed my wife the incorrect drugs and the only reason we went here was because it was early and close to the strip.
She didn't see the doctor for nearly 2 hours on a Thursday morning right after they opened.
Pay the extra cab fare and get away from this place!!!
DO NOT GO HERE!!!
Please say this was helpful if I have at all helped in your decision.
I'm not sure what the other reviewer was talking about, as they are not open 24/7.

Two surly receptionist at the front desk that have chatted and been rude to every person who has entered except their own family and a flirtatious salesman.
Chatting at the front desk for 2 hours.
My son who drilled through his finger is not taken back for an hour and still hasn't seen a doctor for an additional 1.5 hours.
The facility is nice.
The parking lot has been near empty for the 2.5 hours I have been.
One wonders what takes so long!!
Drive the additional time to go elsewhere.

So I was in Vegas for a conference and thought I was coming down with a nasty case of bronchitis.
Day 2 of the conference found me unable to stop coughing, feverish, and miserable, so I asked the concierge at Paris (where I was staying) if she could please recommend an urgent care.
She sent me over to Harmon.
Thank god!
It's clean, and the neighborhood felt ok for being there by myself.
Total time of visit: from getting in a cab at Paris, to filling out paperwork, being seen, getting my prescriptions, cabbing back to Paris-was 1 1/2 hours.
There were a few other tourists like myself there.
The staff was nice to me, despite the fact that I was hacking non stop.
They accepted my out of state insurance, and what I really liked, was that there's a pharmacy in the building, so my sick ass didn't have to drag around trying to get scrips filled.
Final verdict of illness?
A freaking positive FLU swab.
Ugh.
My experience here was really good, and I'll definately keep them in mind for my next trips to Vegas.
Always good to have, just in case you should ever need it, you know?

I visited Harmon a year ago this month when I was in Vegas and the actual visit was fine, but the billing has been a NIGHTMARE.
Here's the summary: it took MONTHS for me to finally get a bill that was accurate.
I paid this bill in February 2012 (for a visit that was in June 2011!).
Today I just got a bill for the exact amount that I already paid.
Now I've been trying to actually get a hold of someone to clear this up, which is almost as painful as the food poisoning that led me to the urgent care in the first place.
Beware--check your bill closely, keep good records of payment history, stay in touch with your insurance company, and expect to have a difficult time getting a hold of an actual person.

I read a prior complaint stating: This was one of the worst placees I have ever seen.
My mom went there for rehab.
What a joke!!!
I agree 100%.
This place is completely negligent, lacks professional courtesy and care.
It is a model of how "not" to care for you patients.
I guess it fits into the medical scene in Las Vegas just right.
What a shame that my family member was sent here and was neglected for over 72 hours.
I would not even send my dog there - and I really don't like dogs.
Stay far, far away from this "Ghetto" of a medical center.

So this place isnt always open...I'd call first to make sure.
They'll even let you know how many people are in the waiting room.
Expect to be here for 2 hours, start to finish, with waiting for your script.
Pharmacy on site!
I've been here 5 or 6 times in the past few years and they are def one of the better walk in places close to the strip.
Not as ghetto as other ones!
If you need an IV they can do it here along with stitches and X-ray.
It's like going to the ER without the price tag and the wait time.
I'd recommend it if you need a walk in clinic.
They seem like they care and I've even seen the same DR on more than one occasion.

Don't ever come to Harmon Medical Center with a loved one as they refuse to let you be with them in the exam room.
And, they won't let the patient use their phone.
So shady if you ask me.
No communication or sharing of information.
Even if patient requests it!

I just called this center because I wanted to ask about the pharmacy downstairs and I got the rudest woman talking down to me on the phone.
It escalated in a big argument over the phone and the girl wouldn't address her name so I could report her to the manager.
I asked for her manager and the manager Donna or something to that effect was just as rude.
They gave me one impression!
UNPROFESSIONAL OFFICE CONDUCT~!
As a prior owner and city and state Federal worker and Manager of a LEGAL outfit.
I refuse bad service from companies.
I am forwarding my complaint to the BBB because they should not be allowed to talk so disrespectful to customers.
Obvious they probably never had their own company before and know what CUSTOMER service is about.
Unfortunate a simple question asking about the pharmacy could turn into a war game.
I think after reading the reviews.
It doesn't surprise me how they are losing their company business after treating people with disrespect.

