I went here and boy was I disappointed.
I read the reviews before going and thought this was a good derm.
Firstly, the place was a run down office.
Secondly, the staff was rude.
Third, the derm Dr Schrieber was rushing, hasty and made a 1 second "diagnosis" of my skin condition.
I am no expert, but I'm not a dummy and I know that a true diagnosis of a skin condition requires a little more than a quick glance as many skin conditions coincide with each other as far as looks.
He did not listen to what I had to say, did not care about finding out what could be causing my issues.
He just prescribed me steroid creams as a generic 'solution'.
The prescriptions were photocopies...
The issue affects my whole body.
I was given 60 grams of cream to apply two times a day for 3 weeks.
I went through 20 grams a day and that was being extra careful with the application.
So $60 on creams and $110 on a visit wasted, I did not see any improvement using the creams at all.
I also got a side effect as a lot of sweating on my upper lip.
It took me about a month and a half to recover from the steriods which I have read are only a temporary cover up of a condition.
A true doctor doesn't just prescribe steriod creams without fully knowing what they are treating and what may be causing the skin condition.
Extremely disappointed and I WON'T BE GOING BACK!

I wish I had seen the review by Christopher before coming to this establishment.
The one star is for the front office staff who I felt did a great job.
On the other hand Dr. Schrieber was exactly as described by Christopher.
Not only did he rush through the diagnostic, but treated us like imbeciles.
I can translate perfectly, but perhaps the doctor should learn how to pay attention to the questions being posed by the patient and to the conversation matter taking place.
I won't be returning to this office and will seek another dermatologist to treat the problem.

I've been in to see Dr. Schreiber three times.
My husband much more than that.
I have also brought in two of my children.
I have always had a good experience.
He has been great to me and good with the kids.
As a mom worried about her children I can tell you he has given me true peace of mind.
*He was willing to come in on his day off when I was to take my daughter to his partner just to put my mind at ease.
*I didn't want surgery so he gave me choices to try first...and supplied me with free samples to get me through.
*He had to preform a last minute procedure on another patient and apologized twice and checked in with me just to make sure I was ok.   * With skin cancer being very prevalent in my family he could see my stress and really made a point to put my mind at ease.
*Called me immediately with my biopsy results  All I can say is all the experiences with Advanced Dermatology by myself, my husband and two of my children have all been very good ones.
I think combined we've had over 20 visits....all good ones.
We love Dr. Schreiber.

I've been seeing dermatologists all around town for the past 15 years for a variety of skin problems that have been very frustrating and challenging.
Dr. Schreiber has been my current provider for the past 2-3 years.
His office is certainly on the older side, but clean (which is a MUST for a doctor's office).
Couple TV's in the waiting area and plenty of literature in the exam rooms.
I've met most of the staff at one point or another and they have all been friendly and helpful.
I have noticed a high turnover rate during the past couple years, but as long as it doesn't affect patient care, it's no big deal to me.
He does have interns from Touro University do rotations at his practice that see patients (before he does) and help with procedures, you can refuse their involvement in your care at any time.
He has the shortest wait times I've ever experienced in any doctor's office.
And the rare times I do wait a bit longer, he apologizes with sincerity.
I can tell he is kind of an efficiency master.
Some people can perceive this as being rushed, so I can see why those couple negative reviews are there.
Because of that, he is not for everybody, but for most of us he is a great and brilliant doctor.
So just always know your history and be clear about what you're coming in for, basically "straight to the point" sort of deal.
Another one of my favorite things about him is his sense of humor, it takes a lot to make me laugh, and he does it almost every time I come in!
Definitely makes my skin problems a bit easier to deal with.
He is definitely a character, but I think most geniuses are.
I like characters, and he certainly knows what he's doing so I'll continue to see him as long as he keeps my problems in control.
It's very hard to find a doctor that is that skilled, cares about his/her patients, and is sympathetic to their situations.
It's usually just one or none of those things.

I have been a patient of Dr. Schreiber since moving here to Las Vegas 4 yrs ago.
He is a bit quirky and his office is a little old, but the man is very good.
He moves at a very quick pace which sometimes bothers some of his patients.
I was so lucky to find him.
He discovered a pre-cancerous patch of skin on the back of my arm that i did not even know was there.
His army of assistants took care of everything I needed.
Each of my multiple visits had very little wait time, which is important to me.
I highly recommend Dr Schreiber to everyone.
He is fast, thorough, and very serious about his profession.
So his office is a little old.
No big deal.
I would rather have a good Doctor who takes care of business, rather than one who cares more about the drapes in the waiting room.
As far as I am concerned, "He is the man"

If I could give less than one star, I would.
The staff was rude and uninterested in any of the 10 people waiting to be seen.
I waited an hour and 45 minutes before being being taken back to the exam room, but in all fairness, they did squeeze me in last minute.
I don't mind waiting, but when I did see the doctor (after 35 minutes more of waiting in the exam room), he wouldn't perform the cyst injection that I specifically called and asked if he would perform before going in.
He said "the front desk doesn't always have the right answer".
They refunded my payment, but wasted most of my day.
I also think it's bad form to blame your staff.
The person I spoke with on the phone said she asked him (while I was on hold) if he would perform the injection and he said yes - whether that's true or not, I don't know.
Either way, I'd avoid this place!

This is probably the second to last dermatologist on your list of doctors to see.
This is a long delayed review, but I had out my experiences in the back of my mind until we met a strange character, Dr. Saul from AD at a Yelp event earlier this month.
The last time I saw Dr. Schreiber was over a year ago when I went to him for a reoccurring rash I had on my stomach (which would spread to other parts of my body).
I sat waited in the office for 30-40 minutes with an appointment made the week prior, then waited for the doctor for about 20 minutes as I dressed into the paper coverings I was left.
Dr. Schreiber came in, told me that the rash was due to metal contact from the button in jeans with my skin and wrote me a script for medication used to treat scabies and psoriasis without any real direction other than to apply the cream and lotion twice daily.
I filled the prescriptions, and the medication was messy so application wasn't really clean cut.
The medication didn't work, but I was too turned off by my first experience to come back to this office.
After some research, I was able to come up with my own prediction- I may have been intolerant of an iron supplement added to a medication I was taking.
I had the prescription changed and like magic, the rash cleared up completely within a few months.
I would have preferred had he offered an allergy test or biopsy of some sort to conclude a diagnosis, but I guess he didn't have the time.
I would compare a visit to this office to a visit to your local UMC Quick Care.
There's very little compassion from the front desk for their long wait times, and the doctor makes a quick diagnosis with no follow-up what-so-ever.
Maybe in some cases, his diagnosis is correct and his treatment works.
In my case, it did not but thankfully I am now able to manage my skin condition.

Bad experience.
I went to get a mole checked they took it off but after time you can see part of my mole on my skin.
My advice to you is to check the reviews before making any appointment.
Specially when it comes to your skin.

Dr Shreiber is a great doctor, he is very knowledgeable.
He has a great personality and really tries to understand the conditions.
Every time I go in it only takes a few minutes to get called in unless its a lot of people.
Usually he has interns in his office to help or learn the trade.

I've always came to get looked at because of rashes I was getting since I was 7.
I'm very grateful to have a caring dermatologist like Dr.Schreiber.
He has helped me a lot, and I've seen many improvement and I'm thankful for that.
I really recommend him to all of those who need help with skin care.

I have been a patient for over 10 years.
I have suffered from hair loss and excess facial moles.
Dr Schreiber has treated both conditions and has educated me during the process.
I keep coming back for treatment because he is best in the business.
If you want the best care and to be educated in the process this is the place.
Try it you will love it.

