I just placed a to go order (Fried Cheese Melt) here and the hostess told me it'd be ready in 6 minutes.
I give them an extra 10 minutes before i walk in there to pick it up.
I immediately noticed the dirty carpet I was walking on and that old casino smell.
When I payed for my order I thought I'd be zooming right outta there, but no, the hostess is just now preparing my bag.
I'd understand if it was busy.
But it wasn't!
Poor service, 2 stars for the food still being good.
Hehehe!!
P.S.
This place isn't closed at all.

Really good service.
We sat at counter.
Waitress was fast and nice.
Off the strip at Vegas

My wife and I stopped here while on a trip to Las Vegas.
We were seated quickly and handed our menus.
Our waitress, BJ, was excellent.
She was quick, efficient and always with a smile.
As this is a national chain, you know the food is basically going to be the same from one Denny's and the next.
We tried the cheeseburger flat-bread appetizer and really enjoyed it.
This facility is older and can use new carpeting but the service far makes up for it.

First clue:  When you walk in the door, it smells like a hot Mumbai afternoon.
Second clue:  Accosted by beggars looking for leftover biscuits and gravy.
Third clue:  Three sets of utensils later, and still nothing without fake egg caked on it.
Fourth clue:  The food.
I actually liked Denny's too.
Franchisees completed ruined most of them though.
AVOID.

they were the best, service was great, and the manager came around and ask how we was doing, that made it even better.
keep up the great service we will be going back soon.

My wife and I come here often and as always the customer service is good as well as the food.
Service is usually quick and we never really had problems with our order.
The restaurant could use some updating you can tell its been here for a long time

No complaints here!
I've been to a many Denny's restaurants, and this one was great!
Our food was delicious and the chef was quick at cooking it!
Our waitress was Melody!
Thank you guys for great service!

Awesome service...food was good...funny I was at a restaurant the night before where it cost me 140.00 for dinner and the service sucked badly.
Ok its dennys its not gourmet,but frankly it was as I expected and the service was 5 star...

Came in for a Saturday morning meal after 2 days of hospital food during our stay at sunrise hospital after our daughter Emmalynn was born.
The place was decorated with lots of saint Patricks day decor and it's not even march yet , but I find this nice because it shows the employees have pride in their work place.
The hostess greeted me immediately and I ask to sit at the counter.
The waitress was very friendly and took my order very quickly.
I was sitting next to two gentlemen that appeared to be regulars.
The waitress knew them by name and they seemed to feel right at home.
My food came quickly and was cooked perfectly.
This place has that cozy mom and pop cafe feel even though it is a large chain.

My wife and I needed a fast restaurant for breakfast after s an early morning appointment.
We were not looking for gourmet but we did need it to be clean and quick.
We were passing a Denny's.
It was exactly what we needed.
What server came by almost immediately and provided the desperately needed coffee.
We each got a senior fit fare omelette made with egg whites.
Each of us found the omelette to be delicious.
It was filled with veggies and an appropriate amount of cheese.
Neither of us could finish the omelette because it was so large.
Next time I would consider getting one for the two of us.
And the total bill came to just over $10 a head counting the cost of the coffee and the tip.
Highly recommended for breakfast.

Typical Denny's, decent food, slow service.
This one has a really nice meeting room.
I came as a guest of one of the Toastmasters clubs that meets here.
Linda, our waitress, would do much better in tips if she wasn't so surly and maybe tried to smile.
We were the only patrons at that time, yet it was like pulling crocodile teeth to get coffee in the first place and refills thereafter.
When I asked for a menu, she shouted from across the room, "There's a whole bunch of them right here," then gave me a look like I was an imbecile for not knowing that the waitress couldn't lower herself to bring menus to the customers' tables.
Silly me, I just assumed, given that's how it's been done at every Denny's I've been to since...well...ever.
She made me feel like an unwelcome burden.
Here's a tip, lady: Ya got one job.
As a customer, I'm it.
If you can't bother to take care of me and even pretend to be friendly, find another line of work.
Maybe something that requires deep sea diving or solitary confinement.
PS, the bathroom was an unmitigated pig sty.
Neither the paper towel nor soap dispenser worked.
It smelled like dirty diapers.

So we just arrived at here and we sat for 8min before someone come over to take our drink order.
But when someone did it was another waitress name Linda who was so sweet and nice.
Our original waitress showed her face about 5min after that.
Needless to say linda will be getting the tip.

