The best Benihana ever!
This place is visually stunning!
It has that indoor/outdoor design that Vegas is soo fond of.
You know when you're indoors but looks like your outside(kinda).
What is that called?
Anyways imagine your in a Japanese tea garden...at night.
There is a pink, orange and purple sunset and the occasional fireworks display.
A stream, bridge and lots of cherry blossom trees.
The actual dining area  is inside of a house which is inside of the inside/outside tea garden, overlooking the stream.
A hostess dressed in full kimono attire escorts you to your table.
Other than all that, it's just a regular old Benihana...

even though the hilton itself isn't so great, this is a nice place to dine while staying at the hotel, or even if you are not!
i hadn't been to a benihana in ages, and it was good, fun for a big group and of course, expensed for work!!
the front bar section is good for chilling.

I just can't get into Benihana, you know?
It's just so gimmicky and the food really isn't that good.
Everything is a little bland and, if not bland, too salty.
The Office got it right when Michael Scott called it 'Asian Hooters.
'  The decor at this one is beautiful though.
For that it gets a thumbs up.

I am not a fan of this place, and when my 21 year old said that is where she wanted to eat for her birthday celebration, I just gritted my teeth.
YET, it was a surprise!
The decor is amazing with all these little rooms, set in a japanese village setting, with a waterfall in the middle of it all.
I have been to many benihanas in my life, and this is the first time I can say they food was delicious and the portions large.
I had the shrimp, scallop, calamari plate.
All was perfectly cooked and tender.
My bf had the sushi and said it was good as well.
The show is always the same and boring, but the smile it put on my daughters face was priceless.

I havent been to Benihana's in a while, I never really had a complaint about it.
It was satifying.
This place though was awesome.
The food was very tasty, the drinks were incredibly full of liquor, not stingy at all.
We ordered sushi before our dinner and the tuna was super fresh.
By far the best Benihana's we have been too.
A definite place to go next time you are in Vegas.

I LOVE Benihana.
I had not been in almost 10 yrs.
And it STILL was as exciting!!!
Nothing like being seated with a bunch randoms.

I always enjoy Benihana - this visit was no exception.
It was our last night in Vegas and we realized we had not taken the kids to a magic show as promised.
So we convinced them that the 'dinner show' at Benihana was magic.
They just loved the onion volcano that turns into a steam train!
Anyway, the food is great and the decorating is really nice.
We had a coupon to temper the expensiveness a bit.
I don't gamble much, so when in Vegas, my number one priority is good food - this fits the bill to a tee!

My first (and only) trip to Benihana's served as the reception to a friend's wedding.
We had about 25+ people in our party, but they were expecting us, so it wasn't much of a wait.
At first we all gathered in a very chill bar at the front entrance.
Plenty of chairs and low lighting make it comfortable.
We filled up three huge tables.
The service took a while, but it was a busy Saturday night and given our huge group, I give it a pass.
On to the food.
You might have heard from your friends, et al about the Benihana's gimmick.
After you place an order, a chef comes out to your table and makes it all right in front of you on tabletop grills.
Sure enough, that's what happens and the chef's also have a little standup act going to add to the showmanship.
It actually made it very fun.
Certainly beats sitting around for a half hour for your food.
I had the Chicken Hibachi.
The early courses include soup and salad (nothing special) and your choice of shrimp or veggies.
I went for the shrimp, because I'd never had shrimp before.
(I know, I know)  To tell you the truth, it was kinda bland.
The chicken on the other hand was incredible.
Add a little bit of teriyaki and you'll be loving it.
The pricing is high, but not astronomical.
I paid about 30 bucks for my meal, which is among the cheaper items.
The specialty alcoholic drinks are overpriced for what you get, so maybe just stick with a coke or beer.
The motif of the restaurant is like some Japanese village, with fountains and such all around.
All in all, not a bad place to celebrate with friends, or to take a date.

What's not to like?
If you're stuck working and not playing in Vegas, you gotta go for the super duper extra large meals since you can't go sick on the partying.
They entertain me, they cook fresh food for me, they bring me drinks, they have ginger ice cream.
Amen to the knife wielding, flame throwing chefs at Benihana.
You roll out of here way too full.
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

had an absolute fabulous time here!!
it depends on your chef i guess - but we went here for an all girls out family reunion type thing and we went all out...it really does depend on the chef you get, and ours was great..i couldnt tell you his name but he kept up laughing the whole time during the meal.
wait was a bit long, and there was an annoying crowd next to us, but still  i give them 5 stars for an enjoyable evening.

I'm typically not a big fan of chains, but I had a meal coupon to burn and my choices were limited to the Las Vegas Hilton restaurants so I dared to suffer through what I was expecting to be a mediocre meal.
This particular Benihana though was surpisingly nice.
The decor was extremely nice with all the nice Japanese touches.
I'd recommend going here just to take a look and hang out in the lounge areas.
Teppanyaki is done on a grill which you sit about 8 people around each grill.
The seats are a bit crowded together so use the restrooms before you sit down.
The waitress will take your order which is usually beef, chicken and/or seafood combos.
After your typical soup and salad (which were decent but nothing special), the show begins.
The chef twirls and clashes his cooking utensils like a crazed knife-fighter.
The most common and popular trick seems to be the flaming volcano.
The cook reverse-stacks some onion rings to make a volcano shape in which he pours in some oil and lights the oil.
The flames shoot pretty high and after the oil is burned off, it continues to smoke for a long time.
Neat trick.
Food is usually cooked in this order: Veggies, Seafood, Meats.
(So if you are in a rush, order seafood only combos).
The quality of the food was decent, but nothing spectacular as one might expect.
The sauces were nothing special and didn't seem to really enhance the flavor of the meats and seafood.
So if you are looking for an entertaining dinner show while you are in Vegas, this is as good as any.
If you are looking for some really tasty food, I'd look elsewhere.
4 stars for the nice decor, 3 stars for the food.
Recommended for groups of up to 8 people and people dining on the company dime.

im giong to say this right up front - i am not a sushi person.
i don't *not* like sushi, and (this sounds ridiculous) but the mean reason i don't eat more of it is because i *hate* trying to jam giant rolls that are just slightly bigger than my mouth into it, and try to tactfully chew around seaweed and rice that i feel i could choke on any minute.
plus.
it really bothers me when people say they *love* sushi and then order a bunch of cream cheese filled crap (with a pink "martini" on the side).
however, im not adventurous enough to just order the more traditional stuff because i have no idea what it is, how it tastes or what i would even like.
however, when my boss wanted to stop for some on the way back to an event, i trusted his taste (and was not starving) so i told him to order whatever he liked and i would try anything at least once.
he is def a sushi person, and for a beni hana (i was always under the impression that this place has a ...silly?
cliche?...
reputation, he said this particular location served great sushi.
he explained that the sushi chefs at the bar are always there, every night he comes (which is a lot) and the raw fish is pretty good for being vegas and all.
we trried ahi, yellowtail and salmon.
i was stoked to see they came out as simply cuts of raw fish - no cream chesse in sight.
and was even more stoked that i liked it!
the service was great, and the restaurant itself is pretty impressive.
located right in the hotel, you enter into an entirely new realm where the lighting is dark and there is flowing streams of water, bridges, a rainfall stream falling from the ceiling and bamboo.
definitley an experience type setting.
i would go back, or maybe even try a benihana in phoenix - now that i know what to order!

Who doesn't want to see their food flying in the air??!!
This is the second time I've been to this Benihana at the Hilton and I have no complaints.
My coworkers and I went after our trade show and they were very accommodating for us.
We had 27 people!
Anywho, my chicken was delicious especially with the dipping sauce.
I couldn't have been a happier camper.
It also helped I had my tall Sapporo.

Sometimes i get a craving for teppanyaki.
And that is the first thing that happened when we got to Las Vegas.
So i asked my dad if he could take us to the Hilton for some Benihanas.
All the performances are the same, maybe cliche, but the food is always great.
But still, i dont think it's worth the money, too expensive.
I don't need to see my food get cooked, i just want to eat it.
Especially if the performances are always the same, whether i eat at Benihanas in Las Vegas or in San Francisco.

So I go to Benihana's frequently enough that I know all the tricks and the scene but this one really surprised me.
I chose this restaurant to have a family dinner because it is loved by most of my family.
I went here thinking I knew already how the night was going to be played out.
I was caught off guard the second I walked in the door.
The inside takes you to a land far far away...filled with bamboo, little creeks with running water, and hostesses in full Kimono gear.
There are plenty of nice lounge chairs to sit and wait for your table...I was so used to getting crammed into the tiny waiting area or packed into the miniature bar were I can basically blow my wad right there...
I was soooo excited to see our little buzzer light up because now I get to go up their lil' hut inspired elevator to the second floor where all the tables are set up.
I was pleasantly surprised to see all the chefs were actually Japanese!
Say wha!
Where are the Mexicans!!!
I am soo used to them talking in a language that I do not understand to my husband that is of the bean persuasion.
Now, for the first time, my husband and I will both not know what is being said.
They have different tricks while cooking too!
Not the same ole stuff like at all the other ones.
It is truly stunning here...a nice fun meal for a family.
Beautiful décor.
They had this bitchy old lady that got all pissy when I didn't want to buy the picture she took of me and the family though...boooooo

We were in  Vegas for my husband's birthday in January and we surprised him with dinner reservations at Benihaha.
It was a great experience.
The show was fun, people sitting around us were a blast, and the drinks were great pours!
Wow, I was  happy after 1 "Buddah".
As always, the food was excellent.
We weren't thinking about the price because it was a special occasion.

Perhaps one of the best looking Benihana's I've come across (located in Hilton).
It's a great place if you want a restaurant that can offer some informal entertainment while eating, the food entrees can feed more than 1 person each (recommend that you share an entree & pay the $10 to have the 2nd person have soup +salad as well).
It's not authentic Japanese, but a fun place for a group.

I love going to Benihana, but they out did themselves in Vegas!
Of course everything in Vegas is outrageous and over the top, and that goes for expensive entertaining Japanese food too!
The chef's were hilarious with cheesy jokes and tricks, but they made it fun.
I even was pulled into believing that i was going to catch a bowl of hot fried rice!!!
The place was gorgeous tho!
Right next to a Japanese inspired bar/nightclub, it was really entering a Vegas Toyko, complete with waterfalls, bridges, and light shows!
All in all : Vegas Hilton - Go - Eat at Beni's - Do it!

Freaking good!
It's inside the Hilton, but once you go through the maze and pass by all of the casino areas, you'll find the Benihana.
Walking in, it was beautiful.
You go by a walkway with twinkly lights and a tall waterfall and a zen garden.
After getting seated with people that we didn't know, we ordered and the chef came.
His jokes were really cheesy, but it was really fun because he was so interactive.
I got the Habachi steak and BF got the filet mignon.
I really should have gotten what he got.
His steak was cooked perfectly and was not chewy at all (unlike mine).
All in all, a great experience.

George G.is right the place cost a grip so if you hit a jackpot go for it.Nicely decorated, quite atmosphere ,great waiters and chef very out going only two stars because cleaning the crap out of the shrimp should be done at the prep table not in front of your customers

Loved it!!
Great place for groups and small families alike.
I went there with the in-laws along with my 15 mth old son and we all enjoyed it!
My son was in awe of the performance by that teppenyaki cook as were we!
Wonderful food and great atmosphere!

came here after my friends got married.
the food was delicious, probably the best i've had at any benihana BUT... it was sooooo expensive!!
i wish i could underline the word expensive.
they literally doubled the regular price for everything.
everyone went dutch.. with my food & a non-alcoholoic drink ALONE i spent $75.00 FOR JUST ME!!
i was shocked when i saw the bill, they charged everyone individually for the tip too.
about $8 each.
screw that, but i was obligated cause of the wedding, pretty weak.
so only go there if you can drop a benji for yourself.
oh & the waiters arent really on their re-fill game either.
boo :( but they still get 4 stars for the food, my picture is the main picture.
yummy rocky's choice!
they also have a red hot sauce that i hadnt seen  at any other benihana's before.
it looks like it might have crushed red pepper in it but im not sure,  it was sooo good!
i went to a benihana near my home recently  and they didnt have it, so if your at this particular benihana try the hot sauce!

I haven't been to a Benihana since I was, I don't know, seven years old, so when my husband offered to take me I jumped on the chance.
We made a 6:30 pm reservation.
The night got off to a somewhat rocky start because by 7:15 the chef was still not at our table.
We were worried because we had a show to make at the Mirage in a couple of hours, so we advised a waitress of our show time.
The manager came over to confirm our show time and they were very kind and accommodating, however, I don't think the chef actually showed up until 7:20 or so.
So take note, it's probably best to let them know if you have somewhere to be when you call to make your reservation.
The food was really great, if inauthentic.
I had the filet mignon, which was tender and flavorful.
My husband had Rocky's Choice (chicken and steak), whichw as also good, but the chicken is nothing special so if we ever go again I think he'll probably stick with the steak.
Our chef was very friendly and I have no com;plaints about the service.
The restaurant itself is beautiful, too.

I think this is the nicest Benihanas I ever been to.
It's all pimped out like a Japanese Village inside of the Hilton.
If you ever eaten at Bennis before you know the drill and just picture that bigger and better Vegas style!

The food and service at Benihana's is top notch.
Definitely worth the price tag of about $35-50 a person depending on what you order.
The chef's offer great fun with the amazing food cooked in front of you and the service is phenomenal.

I am a huge supporter of locally owned restaurants!
However, this is something I have always wanted to try, and on Christmas night in Las Vegas I got my chance.
Located inside the Hilton is likely the largest Benihana ever built.
The atmosphere is like dining outdoors in Japan!
Everyone from the seating hostess, and table waitresses, to our hilarious personal chef were warm and welcoming.
You also get the pleasure of dining with other people, which added to the excitement.
This was my first  teppanyaki experience and I loved it.
The food was fresh and savory.
My steak and shrimp were amazing, and my friend's Swordfish was the best I've tasted!
...oh, and the starter soup is simply AWESOME!
The food and the "show" were something to remember.
Highly recommend you give this a try!
I am definitely going to give my local Scottsdale location a shot!

This is a really fun over the top benihana ---- definitely very theatrical --- but c'mon, this is vegas, so of course it's gotta be crazy circus-y.
Anyways, the decor is super fun - it's located inside the Japanese Village in the Las Vegas Hilton.
The show was fun, as always, and the food was standard issue Benihana - delish.
The chef and waitress were super nice and were on top of our every need.
YUM!

I usually love Benihana, and this one is really nice asthetically, but my entire party became ill after eating here.
The only thing we all had was fried rice, so we suspect chicken that wasn't quite right...
The service was good, but to pay over $300 for a meal and get sick from it is just wrong (there were 5 of us).

My friends and I decided to go here one night because we had never been to the Hilton in Vegas, since we usually hit the newer Casinos every time we were in town.
I had a thought that Benihana was cheesy and kinda silly, but actually it was really fun, we talked to other people seated with us and our chef had some great jokes and the presentation was great...  it wasn't as pricey as the trendy places I had usually been to in Vegas and we had a great time...
I still remember the guy next to me was a potato salesman from Idaho..
I mean, he contracted with restaurants to sell mass potatoes..  ha ha..
I love to meet people, so this was a good experience.. very fun..and the sake was yummy...

I really enjoy the concept of Benihana and really love the decorations in this one specifically (set up to seem as if you are outside).
The food is just so-so sadly.
I gave this one another try after eating there a year ago and Z got sick.
Just not impressed.
Positives: Fun show.
Great ambience.
Negatives: We had a reservation for eleven and they put us into one of the smaller tables (bringing in extra seats).
We actually couldn't get in and out of seats without the people next to us moving.
Charging extra for dishes not being cooked on the grill.
To expensive for the quality of the food (tasted frozen).
Benihana recognizes that their quality has slid and are putting an effort into improving but it just isn't worth the cost at this time (they actually had articles about it at the hostess desk funny enough).

I used to go to benihana in Burlingame CA, probably 20 times and I liked it but it's not one of my favorite places.
This one was worse, the cook sucked and they cut corners by doing things like already having the fried rice cooked and just heated it on the grill and added the egg.
Not a fan, go to P.F Changs down on paradise or at planet hollywood if you want a nice atmosphere and some "americanized" asian food to please a group for less dough.
Better yet drive east on spring mountain and try something interesting and authentic for half the price.

It's best with close friends, but it's fun to make friends there too!
drink sake and beer and eat lots of food!!!
Benihana is pretty much the same everywhere.

This one is interesting because it really does look dated with the fake fireworks show with audio.
The food show was pretty neat with a fiery volcano (FYI ALL California Benihanas DON'T have the fire!!).
The food is expensive, but hey, you pay for entertainment.
That said, you can get better food elsewhere without the show.
The food pretty much is the same at all Benihanas so you are not going to be surprised.

This was a fancy looking Benihana.
I havent been to any of their other locations but this one looked pretty good with its full force Japanese decor.
Went here for dinner with some friends before we head out to go drinking and dancing until the wee hours of the morning.
-1 star for making us wait 30 mins before we can order!
I dont understand why we had to wait.
The Hibachi chef from the table infront of us finish their meal before ours came to cook for us.
I mean, there were 2 tables!
We were practically drooling over the aroma that wafted from the other table and we got hungrier and crankier by the minute.
When our turn finally came, we ordered the chicken, spicy chicken and beef entrees.
The onion mushroom soup was very light, the shrimp and veggies were crisp and fresh but I did not enjoy the chicken because it came out dry and overcooked.
The meal was very filling and we enjoyed the little show that our Hibachi chef put on for us.
-1 star for using too much oil and butter on everything!
I will probably try the Benihana's in CA but I will wait until I get their lunch deals in my email.

What a joke.
Benihana.com has a $39 special on the home page .
It says nothing about participating locations!
Guess what ?
No specialls allowed here the server says.
"We don't onna dat" she says in broken English .

f this place.
Cute decor (if you like Disneyland versions of things)  Pretty unexciting showmanship and culinary skills from the teppanyaki chefs.
How about not flipping dead shrimp into the plates of vegetarians Benihana guy?
The food was remarkably blah.
The salad - even the dressing is better at your local sushi joint.
The onion soup- yech.
The steamed rice- pretty awful (and there is an art to rice that Benihana should have learned) and finally, if I myself took some chicken, sauteed it with butter and poured sesame seeds over the top it would taste MUCH better and cost WAY lest than the 49.50 that my client had to pay.
PS If someone doesn't eat red meat- can you please not put their chicken next to a bloody piece of steak cooking on the grill?
Could you perhaps use a different knife?
The whole thing was gross.
Stay away.
It's not that it's bad- it's just not good.

Great place for hibachi!
Food was delicious, especially the shrimp.
Our chef was great and funny.
The atmosphere was very nice and well decorated.
It made it feel as if we were no longer in Vegas.
Not many tricks and it took some time until there was an available chef.
But it's highly recommended.

This place is absolutely lovely.
The decor is gorgeous and you really feel like you're stepping into another land when you go here, it is quite an experience.
Came here on a Saturday night past our reservation, with 3 people in our party.
They told us it would be about a half hour wait, but in less than 15 minutes we were on our way upstairs to be seated with 5 other patrons.
It took a little while for us to get drink and food orders in, but about 10 minutes or so after we put in our food orders, side dishes started arriving while our chef was preparing to make our food.
I ordered the Garden Vegetable plate for $24.95 (I realize now that they forgot to give me asparagus, grr).
If you're ordering a vegan item on the menu, the first thing you bring me should NOT be chicken-based soup.
That was a major turn-off and I'm amazed that came with the meal, and they should have asked if I wanted it before doling it out.
The second part was a ginger salad that was really good, I loved the dressing.
After this, our chef came and started making our meal.
He was really funny, and did a lot of little tricks that made the dining experience almost like seeing a show too.
Sometimes my veggies got a little too close to the meat on the grill for comfort, but they never mixed, although it would be nice if they could have 1/3 of the grill sectioned off for veggies.
He made me zucchini, onion, and mushrooms on the grill, and he also had a LOT of veggies steaming in a separate area as well.
My plate was HUGE and I didn't even finish everything, I was totally full!
And the onion volcano that the chefs make is definitely must-see.
It was a total blast.
I alerted the waiter that it was my friend's birthday, and they brought out a complimentary tangerine (?
) topped cheesecake slice and sang to her.
This cheesecake was AMAZING.
It had angel food cake as the crust, and the back part was made up of nuts and some kind of frosting/fondant.
The presentation was lovely and it totally made her day.
My only qualms were the pricing ($25 is a bit pricey for veggies, but I think overall it was worth it - my TWO friends got a chef's special together with steak for $34 which is ridiculous in comparison, since they got just as much food) and the fact that the grill should be sectioned off for vegetables and meat.
Otherwise it was quite the enjoyable experience and I can see why this place is packed on a nightly basis.
Very entertaining and I am sure I will be back again.
One last tip: Go to the Chef's Table section of the official Benihana website, and sign up.
You will receive a $30 gift certificate for your birthday :) My friend used hers that night!
Oh and don't lie, they ask for I.D.
lol.

A tip for Las Vegas locals: Make sure to get the Hometown Hot Spot sticker added to your Hilton rewards card.
It will score you 25% off your bill at Benihana and other Hilton restaurants.
You have to have a Nevada id to get this sticker though...
The 25% discount was the main reason my husband and I went to Benihana a handful of times in the past, as we both enjoy hibachi style cooking, when it is done well, and I love discounts.
Benihana isn't exactly cheap either, $25 for chicken, $35 for shrimp, $40 for a steak and shrimp combo.
And there is an additional charge if you want fried rice...   Benihana is a beautiful restaurant.
I love walking through the garden, past the pond, to take the elevator up to the restaurant.
Ambiance can really add to one's eating experience and it's clear from the garden area that Benihana wants people to enjoy being there to dine.
Sadly, the ambiance during out last visit to Benihana was visual only.
After being seated we looked over the menu as  we waited for other customers to be seated...
Even if you make a reservation, if your party is small you will be made to wait until another party can be seated with you, which can be somewhat annoying.
I understand the business side of it to an extent, but in a town where people make plans for after dinner (like purchasing show tickets), prompt seating and service is important.
Thankfully a large group arrived shortly after us, so the wait was only a few minutes.
Orders were placed, drinks were brought out, all was going well so far.
Maybe it is because it was not my first time to Benihana but the chef's "routine" seemed boring, like I had seen it before...
Probably because I had.
The other hibachi style restaurants I have eaten at and enjoyed  had fun, interesting chefs that put their own spin on things and interacted well with the group.
This chef did not, it felt like he was just going through the motions.
And then it happened.
A fire alarm went off, completely assaulting our ear drums.
And it kept going off.
And going.
And going.
Like the god damn Energizer bunny.
Almost 10 straight minutes of a blaring alarm right over our heads, which the employees of Benihana seemed pretty oblivious to.
By the time it had stopped, my husband and I both had headaches and had decided to skip out on the rest of the things we had planned for the evening...
Since Benihana is in the Hilton, the alarm situation could very well have been out of the control of the Benihana management.
Ignoring it was not appropriate though.
To top it off, our food was over cooked.
$40 for well done steak (requested it be medium), rubbery shrimp and a pounding headache.
Even with the 25% discount, I doubt I will be back for a long while, if ever...

Our Cook was really funny.
Dinner was great.
Loved the shrimp and steak.
Next time gonna go with more people.
Benihanas is definetly a place to go with a group.
Me and my girl were sitting with total strangers.

A star was taken away for service and price.
Yes it is more food and better quality than your standard hibachi restaurant but the price is pretty ridiculous in comparison.
The server had to argue about doom alcohol on separate receipt since we were using a gov't credit card.
Don't get the sushi since it is way overpriced and not comparable to a sushi restaurant.
Unlike other Beni's this one does not offer a full sushi lineup, probably b/c there is a sushi bar next door.

Short but sweet.
Cook was great, food was great, waitress was great, price was high but it always is and it's worth every penny.
Will be back again.
David

Benihana is usually pretty fun for business dinners - lotsa drinks, little onion volcanos, and scrimps flying into hats is a blast, right?
That is all dependent upon the chef though.... and the one we got at the LV hilton Benihana was , in so many words, a dud.
The decor inside is really nice - muted greens, maroons, and blacks.
Fountains, faux bamboo bridges, fountains (I know, I wrote fountains twice... there were a lot of them.
) etc...
It sets the scene well and is fun to wander around in, but it doesn't make up for the bad service, the bad chefs, and the flavorless, unenthusiastically served, overpriced food.
2 stars, and they are lucky to get that.

If you want to save $$ going on a Vegas trip, you should stay in this off strip hotel and go spending more $$ elsewhere on the strip.
This hotel is a super-saver for those traveling on a budget.
I went to Benihana inside this hotel for this past week's Thanksgiving dinner with a friend for our Thanksgiving Vegas vacation.
It was the best idea.....this idea even beat over the last buffet we had at Rio which sucked!!!
Anyways, because we were hotel guests, we had the coupon for $25 off on two lobster+steak specials.
We were also going green for the hotel, and the hotel gave us coupons for food and beverage purchases which helped a ton.
When I ordered the lobster+steak special, my plate came out to be $21-ish including tax and tip.....can't beat this price!!!!
All of the chefs in this restaurant, so called the World's Largest Benihana, were very talented.
I was watching one of the chefs cook at one of the other tables before ours arrived.....what a great show!!
If you're looking to save up on watching a show, you should try Las Vegas Hilton's Benihana....why not?
You get dinner+cooking show!!
So....the choice is yours....

Probably the nicest - and best - Benihana I've been to.
It is Vegas, after all!
Normally I am usually "meh" when it comes to Benihana, along with my wallet getting very noticeably skinnier because of it being so damn expensive... but it's Vegas baby!
And... because it's Vegas, if you don't have a reservation expect a looooooong wait.
Especially if you just show up on a Saturday night, like we did.
(Hey, we're spontaneous.
)  Actually what happened, we were playing Blackjack at the New York-New York all day and befriended some fellow players who told us they were going to Benihana and just like the Guinness commercial, "Brilliant!
" was the response that came in my head.
Anyway... so yeah, our wait was close to 2 hours without that reservation, which was ok because the casino is not too far and we played Blackjack, won some money, got some free drinks, all good stuff.
No need to get into any other details - it is Benihana, after all.
The food was all spot on, the meat cooked perfectly, great table entertainment, awesome service.
Wished all their restaurants were like this.

When family comes to town, a trip to Benihana is inevitable.
I can't say that I dislike Benihana, but for the price there are so many other places I would rather visit.
To me, this place is like the Olive Garden of Japanese restaurants.
They have recently updated their menu and raised the prices as well as changed some of the pairings.
I was disappointed to see that they no longer have the salmon on the children's menu, my youngest loved the salmon there.
My problems this night were more with the service though.
I had ordered a sashimi appetizer and it never came.
I even reminded our obviously busy waiter and still no sashimi.
Most of our party ordered the filet and lobster combo and were very happy with their meal.
I ordered a seafood combo and my scallops were cooked to the brink of disintegration.
My shrimp were hard and rubbery and my fried rice was so greasy I couldn't eat it.
Our chef was pleasant enough, in his broken English.
The decor is very calming and peaceful, with water and fountains throughout.
My kids always enjoy the "cooking show.

Amazingly beautiful atmosphere!
It felt as though I was walking through a Japanese movie set.
There were Japanese house like structures, fireworks, and a beautiful fountain.
The lounge areas was very comforting as well and had lots of seating.
The food was delicious and it was just fun to be there!

I would give Benihana's 5 stars for ambiance - I loved the scenic walk to our table.
Unfortunately our server, Maria, didn't know how to replenish drinks and took forever to bring the checks at the end of the night - it drops my review all the way down to only three stars.
The food was excellent but I feel it was somewhat overpriced (especially with the lackluster service).
Maria told the table that it was her first night back from a months long vacation and that she wished she didn't have to come back.
Nice!
That's what I want to hear when we are spending a couple of hundred dollars on dinner.
Shrimp, scallops and steaks were delicious  - but felt I was being fleeced enough without being charged an extra $5.50 a piece for fried rice.
I also loved the green tea icecream!
Benihana probably does 95% tourist business so they don't care about the 5% of us that would probably visit again and again - if we felt more welcome.

Pretty good food but frankly not as good as Kobe's which unfortunately, Vegas does not have any of.
However, the decor is spot on and themed perfectly with type of food served.
Hosts and cook were all very friendly.
A bit on the pricey side for what you get and for where the restaurant is but overall we had a very enjoyable time.

Really fucked up service.
Rude and unhelpful!
NEVER COMING BACK!

Last minute Vegas trip for New Years Eve and we were happy as a bunch of drunken clams to find ANY restaurant that would have us on the big night.
Nothing like a sense of desperation to really enhance a dining experience, eh?
We had a group of 8 and this was really just fuel to keep us going (and boy, did we).
Benihani is great for groups because of the fun, noisy atmosphere.
Our chef was great, despite the fact I am sure he was slammed.
The decor was tiki / polynesian and they served drinks with little umbrellas (which I am a total sucker for).
To sum the review up: chain restaurants are usually consistent - I would say the LV Hilton Benihana was better than average.
Also, theme/novelty restaurants are usually not the pinnacle of fine dining.
Lastly, tourist traps are usually expensive.
Deal.

I've been to several Benihana throughout the country and this location is the best so far.
I love the scenic walk to the table with waterfalls, red bridges and flowers brought a serenity to my mind.
The scents however, brought an aching in my stomach for seafood, fried rice and green tea ice cream.
However, since I'm gluten-free, I knew that I would be limited to what food I could eat, just like every time I have been to Benihana in the past.
This time, the magical waitress put a smile on my face that did not leave throughout the entire meal.
Benihana has finally gone gluten-free!
Not only have they gone GF, but they have also trained their chefs how to avoid cross-contamination!
JOY TO THE WORLD!
For the first time in YEARS I finally had zucchini and onions with GF Tamari soy sauce, chicken fried rice with a steak and shrimp dinner.
I had a salad without dressing (both of them have soy sauce) and no soup, but hey, I was OVERJOYED to FINALLY eat a traditional Benihana meal!
Not only was the food exactly how I remembered from before I was gluten-free, but the show the chef put on was great and the service was PERFECT.
Our server was friendly, understood my allergy, was cautious, educative and such a good advocate for me.
The food was exactly the same as it is in other states.
Even though it is nothing out of this world that will change your life forever, it is a good meal with a fun show, some laughter and plenty of hot sake keeping piping hot on the table griddle in front of you.
All around it is always a good time.
P.S.
If you are a local, get a player's card for the Hilton, show your NV ID and you will get 25% off your bill every time.
Also, sign up for their emails and you will get a complimentary meal (up to $30, not including alcohol)the month of your birthday!

came here with the family and had high expectations considering it was a high end type of restaurant.
it was no surprise to me that most of their dishes were towards $30 a plate which was expensive but i had high hopes for taste.
the show they put on in front of you was pretty cool too.
as we were plated our food, their portions is not satisfying!
also their taste was good but not great.
i give it 5 stars for showmanship, 3 stars for taste/portions.
good experience though

I love the free birthday meal!
Seafood Diablo for $29.95 is my ultimate favorite!
Filling and entertaining.
Reservations are highly recommended.
You won't be disappointed.

Benihana's @ the Hilton LV:  Saturday April 23, 2011 Four Stars  The Vegas Benihana's is located inside the Hilton Hotel.
The Tram stops at the Hilton which made it very convenient to get to.
$5 each way.
While we waited 30 minutes to get a table, we decided to get a couple of Beers at the bar, but the bartender moved like molasses on a cold winter day.
Entire quarter of Denver-Oklahoma game went on before we got our drinks.
The atmosphere of this place is great.
It actually feels like a little Japanese village.
We had to wait another 1 hour before the chef came to actually cook our food.
The food and the show were great.
Their house blend sake was delicious.
A great way of spending $60 over 3 hours.

Nice, small wedding reception dinner for an Aunt and new Uncle.
Staff was exceptional, food was wonderful although a tad pricey for my steak salad.
Very memorable night -thank you!

The experience was entertaining and classy, but the food quality was lacking.
The food was very generic and bland.
Nothing excellent.
It was not worthy of the hefty price amount

This place has been solid for years, but I have an interesting observation about the cooking process.
The chef never changes those steel spatulas, so during the chicken fried rice cooking process, he cuts the raw chicken up on the grill and then leaves it there and then immediately heads over to the rice and stirs it up with those same thongs.
He goes back and forth between raw and rice and even gets those things into some veggies.
So in theory, all of the chicken fried rice should be poisoned and yet somehow I have never gotten sick.
For years, we are taught to keep the raw and everything else separate.
We finally found the exception.
OH yeah, this was a free birthday meal.
Go to Benihana website and join free birthday club.
You get a $30 certificate and if you order Fried Rice and Hibachi Chicke, you will pay $3.40 for full meal.

This was my first time at a Benihana's and it was 1/2 enjoyable, 1/2 eh.
You really have to be in the mood to share a table with people.
Cross your fingers that they're friendly.
(Our table compadres kept complaining that their coupon restricted their dinner choice.
) The chef was very entertaining and it was definitely an experience watching my dinner be made in front of me.
Be prepared to wait for your food though.
My entree was served first since it was salmon, and my dinner counterpart's dinner was served about 5-6 minutes later.
It's not that big a deal but when you're hungry it feels like a lifetime.
I'd skip Benihana's in your in Vegas and just go to your local location.
Vegas has so much more to offer than this chain.

Great table cooking!
Love it!

The food was excellent, and our chef was friendly and entertaining.
I ordered the filet and scallops, which were both perfect!
My only complaint was the noise level (the table by us had a few *very* loud customers) as well as the green tea ice cream, which wasn't as good as the kind served at sushi bars.
I was happy to receive $30 off my bill because I signed up for their email club that enables you to receive a $30 off coupon for the month of your birthday.

Came here recently and everything was fantastic, keeping with the quality of the Benihana chain name.
We had the chef's special (not on the menu) of two, 5-course habachi steak and lobster tail dinners for $66.50, which includes onion/mushroom soup, rice (steamed white or I think fried is a little extra), salad, teppanyaki veggies, steak and lobster.
Chefs were entertaining and friendly.

I had been at a Benihanas in Pennsylvania many many years ago and remember it being fun and delicious.
Well I was either young and dumb or just starving for food and entertainment.
The only reason we decided to hit Benihana was that I had a birthday coupon for $30 off.
Depending on what you get, its a free meal, so why not?
We got there when it opened so we got a seat quickly.
The room filled up fast though, apparently there was a Physicians Assistant convention in the building.
The entrance is beautiful, very serene.
Our waitress had a thick asian accent so it was difficult to understand her at times, but she was pleasant and efficient.
Our chef was a little dry and boring, he seemed like he really didn't want to be there, it his first seating...he has a long night ahead of him!
Drinks were large and fruity, just the way I like em.
The soup and salad were standard faire, veggies and shrimp appetizers were good, my husband hates seafood and ate 2 of them!
I got steak and chicken, my hubby got steak...the meat on both were a bit dry and bland, very under seasoned.
At the end of our meal a man at the end of the table began to have chest pains, unsure if it was indigestion or a heart attack.
The waitress was quick to call for help, they provided him with a wheelchair and got him out of the room with paramedics on the way.
I was impressed they dealt with everything so well.
He was lucky he had a nurse (me) and a P.A.
at his table, we were standing by ready to lend a hand.
After the commotion we were served our ice cream with a birthday candle, nice touch.
I probably won't go back, the food isn't good enough, Osaka has much better Teppan and you can get it at any time of day.

I enjoyed dining here, I asked for my steak medium rare and the chef cooked it with a nice ruby middle.
I am glad that he cooked it the right way because so many people mistake brown meat for a well cooked steak.
If that was the case, then there would not be a need to pay so much for steak.
Everything was delicious and we were seated next to a nice couple and other than the seating being slightly close to the other tables (hibachis), it was a good time.

I have never been to any Benihana before.
So Mom and Dad were in town and wanted to hit it.
I guess they thought it was ethnic food (and wanted to try and please me).
Uh.. not.. Been to Japan and didn't seem like I was in Japan at all.. lol..
The show (throwing my food around and stuff) was okay but kinda weird.
I ordered Prawns (Spicy) and steak.
Was sort of weird as they cook the prawns.. throw em around.. cook up an onion.. set it on fire... then way later knock out my steak..
I ate.. onions.. shrimp.. them steak.. was like two meals.. kinda strange.
I would rather they kept it in the kitchen under a heat light then served it all at once.
Oh well..
So the service as in drinks was low.. not Silverton (the bench mark of crappy service read my review if u don't know that place) but not very good.
I would have enjoyed getting a few drinks but instead.. i got .. 1.. lol.. oh well..   Food was pretty tasteless and super boring but there was flames.. so its worth something if your a pyromaniac like me!

We were on vacation for my birthday and came here with my $30 birthday coupon.
(if you haven't signed up for this, do it!
)  We normally go to the one in Sacramento so this was a big change.
The ambiance was so nice, with the plants and fountains.
The one is Sacramento seems like a tiny whole in the wall in comparison.
Our chef was older but still more entertaining than the same grumpy guy we normally get back home.
the food was excellent as always.
I do like their birthday dessert better (a ice cream sundae) but I wish they took a pic of you like they do at our place.
Overall, a great birthday dinner and we met some nice people celebrating birthdays and anniversaries.

The place and ambiance was great.....but...from a tapanyaki standpoint....about as close to the bottom as possible.
Benihana's was one of the originals.....it sure hasn't kept up with the rest of them!

Was staying at the Hilton so this was an easy choice.
This is not your normal Benihana, the lobby entrance was very nice made to look like it if you were in japan.
The cost is higher than your normal Benihana.

One star is too much.
It was a terrible place for vegetarians.The waitress seemed like she didn't care much and was a terrible communicator.
She forgot to bring my friends order out and we didn't realize we were getting two entrees.
Even though we were charged for these things we didnt get the soup or shrimp because they weren't vegetarian.
The waitress wouldn't allow us to make any replacements for these meat-based items and when the food came out there were some sloppy vegetables and Ramen like noodles.
I could have done better in my own kitchen.
The scorpion fruit drink wasn't bad but after we found out that the drink and our two incomplete orders came to 97 dollars with added gratuity we wish we had stayed home.
Don't let the fancy decor fool you, next time a friends asks you to go there for a birthday (since b-day meals are free) DONT GO!

Was there this past Saturday.
Have not been to a Benihana, but have a local favorite in the South Suburbs of Chicago.
The decor was fantastic once you walked into the hostess booth.
After that, things were just ok.
I didn't like that they didn't include the rice being fried, or the dessert.
I thought the main course (I had the habachi steak) was ok.  My wife's shrimp was very good, though.
We also sat next to a hallway that had a terrible draft.
I know everywhere you go in Vegas is air conditioned, but I had jeans and a short sleeved shirt next to a habachi grill, and I was still cold.
I had to keep sliding the door closed.
I did like our chef.
He did all of the typical habachi schticks, but added some that I hadn't seen before, so that was pretty nice.
Over all, I thought the experience was ok.
Priced a little too high for what you get, but a fairly fun time.

We used to go to this Benihana when I was a kid and they had a show out front.
I was a little bummed out that the show is gone.
It reminded me of Chuck E Cheese.
Anyhow, we had a short wait to get seated even though we had a reservation (we did arrive early).
Our sushi chef was good, but not awesome.
I got the shrimp and scallops and absolutely loved the scallops.
I've been to other Benihana's, but I think I got more food and it was cooked better here then any of the others.
Definitely exceeded my expectations!

Terribly disappointed.
I have been to several Benihana restaurants and was expecting this to be at least as good as any of the others.
The sushi was so so, and my entree had no flavor, no discern able taste whatsoever.
I was the only one seated at my table so I didn't get much of a show or opportunity to try a variety of dishes although by the looks on others faces I would venture to say they also left their food on their plates because it wasn't worth eating.
My plain white rice was the best part of my entire experience which is pathetic.

Good food cooked in front of you.
Best fresh Lobster I've ever had... but pricy.

Another one of our favorites in Vegas!
Service is very good-- pricey, but portion sizes are huge & food quality is very good!
Great atmosphere, great for a date night in Vegas!
If you are planning a birthday trip, sign up for the Birthday coupon $30 off your meal!
It takes about a month to receive the coupon so plan ahead!
Also be sure to sign up for the Hilton reward card for discounts toward your meal!
There is always a monthly spcial that is "kept secret" so make sure to ask about the current specials!

I have a friend who goes all the time to Benihana as it's her favorite place and I wanted to know what's so special.
They do a $30 GC for your birthday if you sign up to their email so the BF and I decided to go.
When you enter, there is this dark "garden" they lead you through that is just beautiful.
There is a lounge over looking it and there are seating areas and sushi bars around it but oddly none of it is being used..perhaps not on weekdays?.
They lead us up an elevator to a teppan room that is pretty ordinary comparatively to the ambiance of downstairs so ambiance was a bit wasted.
They start you off with getting you out a soup, a salad with ginger miso dressing.
They hand you 2 different sauces (hot sauce on request), cook zucchini and onions, shrimp appetizer and seafood items, then fried rice (extra.
steam rice is what comes with your food), meat entrees and the guy did some mushrooms.I had the scallops, calamari, shrimps and BF got shrimp and chicken.
Our food was cooked nicely, but it wasn't particularly special.
The sauces were just okay, they needed more punch, it's just a bit bland and runny.
They have a efficient little planned out show and then the guy was gone.
I was barely getting into our food and the guy just packed off and left.
I was glancing at another table that just started their show and it was almost the same thing.
Service from the server helping the teppan guy was very personable and attentive though.
Definitely top notch service and he even gave us some green tea ice cream and chatted with us a bit after dinner.
I will give them that- excellent service.
However, a bit sad that the server was more memorable than the teppan show!
I can't help compare them to Musashi, a local teppan place I've had great experiences at over and over.
There is so much more they offer there and that really overshadowed my experience at Benihana.
The show is lengthier, a bit more complex tricks, the jokes and stories are fantastic and each teppan person has their own unique style, a bit cheaper in price with a really awesome fried rice included, soup, salad, veggies and plenty of different flavorful sauces freshly made in front of you.
Glad I tried it, but will not be back.
Even with the $30 birthday discount the bill was $70+ for two plus the tip.
I went to Musashi a few months ago and spent $70 for two including a hefty tip!
I had way more fun and better food.
Um yeah.
This feels like a no brainer to where I'll be going to the next time I want a teppan experience to bring visiting friends and family to.

This has to be the oldest Benihana in the US.
Was staying at LVH, so had to eat there.
Went for dinner, ordered steak and lobster.
The chef was very entertaining.
If you like Benihana, and are in town, check it out.

I have been to Benihana many times over the years.
Beverly Hills, San Diego etc....
I read a bunch of negative online reviews about the location in Vegas.
The fact that my wife and I share very close birthdays brought us to the Vegas Benihana.
They gave us a $30 credit EACH.
$60 bucks!
I have enjoyed my experiences in the past so I figured, how bad could a Benihana be?
Especially with a $60 credit!
This location is the nicest I have seen.
Gorgeous.
Trees, waterfalls, elevators....When we checked in at the front desk, they took a birthday photo of us.
I thought, oh here it comes, they will want $20 for the picture.
Nope!
They handed us a free birthday photo!
How cool is that!
I also expected the food pricing to be higher than any other Benihana as stated in other reviews.
It was not.
This is NOT an inexpensive place and some would say you are being over charged, but it is a Benihana.
You are paying MORE for the experience of knives and food flying dangerously close to your face.
I had 2 drinks and the wife had one.
We had the Teriyaki steak and the Filet Mignon.
The cost was less than I have spent at most steakhouses.
ESPECIALLY with the $60 credit!
(THANK YOU BENIHANA for the birthday gift!
More than I can say for my buddy Bob.
Wait, did I just say that?
Sorry Bob, I am kidding)  Look, this place is a Benihana.
No more, no less.
All the negative reviews seem strange to me.
Not sure what they were expecting.
Every single cook was actually Japanese!
Felt very authentic.
Super friendly staff and very attentive.
If you are on the fence, don't be.
Just go with friends and have a good time.
They have $8.95 drinks!
Go most places and you are lucky to pay less than $12!
The only real negative is the seating arrangement.
Unless you go with a group of friends that fill up the seats, they seat you with strangers.
Kinda like a Club Med Benihana experience.
Cool for Club Med, not cool for dinner in Vegas unless you are in that type of "wanna meet new people" mood.
I was not.

Oh Yeah.
Free $30 on Benihana for my birthday now I'm living.
Signup for their Chef's Table free program at Benihana.com and they'll email you a $30 certificate every bday.
I highly recommend setting up a reservation ahead of time waiting could be a few hours.
Definitely love the decorations.
There was a water feature but don't remember if it was a waterfall.
Also don't remember if there were koi fish but it really felt like there should be.
The dining experience was pretty cool, fun and entertaining.
Went with the Teriyaki Steak Teppanyaki.
It comes with everything you need.
Started with a bowl of Benihana onion soup, it wasn't that bad but I was very hungry and savoring every bite of it.
Next came the Benihana salad, it had a good taste but became watery towards the end of eating.
Once the chef came out I was happy because now the real food came out.
He started with laying some zucchini and onions on the cooking area.
When he starting building the onion volcano, it had my full attention.
When it was lit a small flame and smoke started, I thought "boo.
that was it" but all of a sudden eruption "kilauea!!!
" the table was engulfed with smoke.
Next he started making some shrimp apps showing off his lightning fast knife skills.
I almost cleared my plate as fast as he made them.
His flipping skill might need a little work.
He dropped the lime twice and missed his hat while tossing the shrimp ends away but still cool.
He then started making my Teriyaki Steak dish.
By that time I already forgot what I ordered.
There was steak and chicken cooking.
Once he dropped the steak into my plate I started to eat.
Later he added mushrooms "sweet it comes with mushrooms too".
I then stopped and waited to see what else I was getting.
Nothing else just the bowl of steam rice.
Overall a good experience and some good food.
I might have been short changed on some hot green tea that was also suppose to be served with my meal but its OK the free $30 covered it.

I do enjoy a meal here every now and then, just a little pricey for me.
I guess you are paying for the entertainment.
Went with a large group, they added $16+ for the tip for me and did not give me my 25% discount.
At the end of the day the food is great.

I love this place!!!
Sometimes it's a little crowded but I enjoy the chefs and the food every time I eat here!
Love the drinks as well that they serve in a Buddha or geisha glass.

Fantastic wonderful food and good times met new people

I've dined here plenty of times, but before reviewing this fine dining establishment, a slight "correction" needs to be made.
The hotel where it is located is no longer the Las Vegas "Hilton.
"  Today, the letters LVH now stand for the Las Vegas "Hotel.
"  But, this elegant and happy eating place is still there, and the food is still terrific.
But, every great place sometimes has a "negative," or two...  For example, one gets used to seeing a friendly, smiling Japanese male coming to your table, bowing deeply and speaking to you with a delightful, "broken English" Japanese accent (even if it is an "act").
Those days are gone, unfortunately, because Equal Employment Opportunity Laws in the USA mandate that ANYONE can cook your meal for you at your table, as I discovered when a non-Japanese person arrived with our food, a few years ago.
Personally, I don't really care about the gender and/or the race of the person cooking our food, but having a non-Japanese performing that task (and he did it FLAWLESSLY, by the way) is akin to having a non-Vulcan as a Science Officer aboard the USS Enterprise.
It's like meeting TARZAN in person, and discovering that he's not wearing a loincloth.
But, that aside, I urge you to patronize Benihana as often as you can, because the food really is meticulously prepared, and the staff are most cordial and professional.
I have no hesitation about recommending them, and I enjoy their cuisine, whenever possible.
All of the food preparers have a Black Belt in Cooking, regardless of ethnicity.

The sooner you know the gimmick / premise that is Benihana, the more tolerable it will be.
No one in their right mind would ever come here for "authentic Japanese cuisine" but like any cheesy reality show, it's all about the experience.
It is alive and well for the now Las Vegas Hotel (formally HIlton) establishment, with full on displays of in your face cooking and awe-inspiring food play (#1).
For those not in the know, Benihana is a chain of faux Japanese stirfry, where folks sit around a giant grill, where a chef cooks the meal in front of the guests, serving it fresh off the grill.
Due to a height in popularity and a lack of Japanese US people, it's usually a non-Japanese person doing the cooking.
One thing different about this Benihana is LVH's ability to slot in actual Japanese people or Asian actors with an impossibly good Japanese accent.
Either way, it keeps the facade going and the customers happy.
(#2)  From the tacky Japanese decor that makes me feel like I'm on a boat to the wait staff dressed in what appears to be uncomfortable kimonos, it baffles me how this is considered a "fine dining" restaurant for casino standards.
The prices certainly match it, most of the hibachi grilled meats will run anyone from $23-32.
Throw in seafood and the price nearly doubles.
You know you're an expensive place when the cheapest thing offered on the menu are sushi rolls ($8-12), along with dessert.
The food isn't a total fail but it's far from a total win.
Sadly overpriced, it's the reality of most casino establishments any way.
When in Vegas, try to let someone who had a good day in the casino take the bill, or get it comp'd off.
I think Benihana works best as a general group dining restaurant, one where the experience will likely trump the food.
________ (#1) Not to mention smelly clothes and a potential food porn grease facial.
(#2) I still feel bad for the guy behind the grill.

Birthdays, anniversaries,and special occasions you know where to find us!
We love the food here and the atmosphere is great.
I hope the recent name change of the hotel doesn't scare people away as this is the only Benihana in Vegas.
I would hate to see this place close.
My only complaint is that sometimes they participate in the advertised "chefs special" and sometimes they don't.
It really depends on the waiter or waitress... Too bad for the guy that said no...
I tip way better on the chef's special then the individual dinners.

The only difference between this Benihana and any other is that's it's really pretty inside.
They have a lovely zen like waiting area with waterfalls a bridge and calming colors of red and gold and black..  Now the service and food is the same at any other and WAY overpriced for not even enough food to fill me up but it was a special occasion so it's always fun to see the "performance" of the meal preparations.
I use to enjoy sitting with strangers but I think now as I get older seating across from a more then PDA couple and offering me her I didn't finish my fried rice would you like it?
faze has passed me.

I'm not a fan.
Sorry to start off with that type of statement, but its more show then the quality of food.
Let me explain how I ended up giving them a 3 star rating.
I gave them 2 stars for the level of customer service and the showmanship of the cook.
The staff was extremely attentive and made sure that they made our group as happy as possible.
The chief was fun and entertaining while cooking.
Seemed like he was using old material for his jokes or maybe I've been to Benihana when I was a kid and I recall the same set of jokes.....kinda lame.
I gave them 1 more star for the fresh vegetables.
I expected my surf and turf to be more enjoyable but at best it was average.
So over all they get 3 stars.
Hope you enjoy it more then me.

My friend that I went to Vegas was craving teppan and I thought yummmm not a bad idea at all.
So on our way to meeting our other friend we asked the cab driver if he could recommend a good teppan place.
Why was I not surprised when he said Benihana... now we just had to talk our other friend into going...
Agreed Benihana's it was.
When we got there the ambiance was very nice seeing the waterfall then they walk you to the elevator and up you go and then the hostess is there to receive you.
Up until now still excited about dining here... Then here comes our server nice in a sarcastic way...
I can't really explain the interaction but it wasn't that great.
The bloody mary I ordered had all kinds of pulp in it so it wouldn't come through the straw and I had to keep picking the pieces out....
The soup and salad combo wasn't good the soup was very grimy and the salad didn't taste well with the usual dressing.
Then we had to order I had the lobster and chicken combo and my friend ordered shrimp and gave some to me.
The food was not that great and I forgot about that mustard sauce I used to like it this time it was like eating horse radish.
I still did like the ginger sauce.
I was full I just remember leaving disappointed.
On to the show the chef we had didn't really speak english but then again he didn't really speak at all.
It was like he was just going through the motions because he does this 100x a day.
No emotion or excitement to engage us and for it being in Vegas I guess I just expected a little more.
I don't think I will be coming back to this location to eat again when visiting Vegas

I went to a show at the LVH last night and I had a $10 discount coupon for Benihana on my show ticket.
It's been years since I ate here and I decided to give it a go.
You need to like dining with strangers and meeting new people or go somewhere else.
There were four people from Eastern Washington State and two from Texas at our table besides this local.
We ordered different things, but the chef kept everything going well.
A woman comes and takes your drink orders first.
After being served the drinks, she brings everyone a bowl of Benihana onion soup.
Then you get a Benihana salad.
Then the chef enters the picture by arriving at the table with his cart of food.
He starts by cooking some shrimp and flipping the tails onto his chef's hat.
He does some other tricks with his knives including the standard teppanyaki onion volcano tower which he then sets on fire.
I ordered the Teriyaki steak, extra rare.
He cooked it perfectly.
He was just as good with everyone else around the table for their preferences.
With the teppanyaki meal, everyone gets a shrimp appetizer, hibachi vegetables,  dipping sauces, steamed rice and hot green tea.
There is also dessert.
I got the green tea ice cream.
I also paid the premium to have chicken fried rice.
I was surprised by how much food there was and everyone but me passed on dessert,  Silly people!
I hadn't eaten teppanyaki in a long time, so I found the evening entertaining and the food delicious.
Also, the people with whom I dined were pleasant and we had some good conversation and some good laughs.
It was a fun evening and I'm glad I came here.
I'll have to do it again in a shorter period of time.

I went for a birthday and had the steak for about ~30.
you get a $30 GC on your birthday if you sign-up on their mailing list!
- Great presentation!
loved the fireworks, waterfall, and the fact the we were eating on the 2nd floor.
- Show was average.
Volacano onion was impressive, but no flipping rice bowls or funny jokes.
- Steak was cooked exactly as asked for.
slightly a bit to salty however.
- Wish portions were a bit more.
- free green tea is a bonus!
ice cream for your bday :) - great memories  ^_____^!

Benihana at Las Vegas Hotel & Casino is the worst place ever!
They clearly are NOT professional or technologically savvy.
We had reservations since May and they wouldn't honor an email "confirmation" that clearly indicated the reserved date and time...giving us weak excuses like "...well you should have called to confirm"...then why do you let customers book online without specifying steps for finalizing the reservation?
Manager Tony's answer: "uhh...I don't know...something we need to talk to our computer guy about".
So they leave us standing there with family members from California with no attempts to resolve the situation.
Needless to say they lost our patronage forever...May have been a blessing...their food is overpriced and overrated considering all the wonderful teppen restaurants in Vegas...Lesson learned and if I may suggest: get with the times or get held back!

I feel sad for this particular Benihana.
It is located inside The Las Vegas Hotel (ick!
) so one would assume this place would be equally as gross.
Fortunately this Benihana is quite pleasant.
The waitstaff and chefs are all eager to please.
Food is very good.
This is a fun place, but note that it isn't cheap.
Go knowing food will be at least $35 per person, without drinks.
Food is good and worth the prices.

I love teppanyaki, and have been to Benihana in several states, but none as good as this location.
We were recently travelling through LV with our daughter and her 16 year old friend.
She is a very athletic girl who eats more than most boys!
It is very rare she is full, and actually had food left on her plate when we left.
The 2 girls shared the chefs special, as did my wife and I, chicken and shrimp for 2 for $36.
This included the soup, salad and shrimp appetizer.
Both Girls loved it, as did we.
We also shared some scallops and the were cooked perfectly.
My daughters friend had never been for teppanyaki before, so she really enjoyed the cheesy jokes and the show.
Excellent dining experience.

THEY DONT HAVE SHRIMP SAUCE!!!!
Sorry, just had to get that off my chest.
It was such a disappointment finding out that this benihana stopped serving shrimp sauce.
Apparently they did serve it in the past, but this was my first time at this benihana.
The only other place I've had benihana was in minnesota... which was nearly 5 years ago :)   Honestly, this place didn't measure up.
For the value, you certainly don't get your moneys worth of food.
Though the chicken, steak, shrimp, etc were all excellent, it would've been 100x better with shrimp sauce lol, anyone who's had this sauce know what im talking abou!.
All the entrees were pricey, but then again it is vegas.
The chef was fun, same ole tricks though.
Still had fun, but I don't think I'll be back here again anytime soon.

Still love this place!
If you sign up on their website they send you a coupon for 30.00 on your birthday.
Chefs specials are two for under 40.
Cocktails are expensive, but still love the fresh food

Family and friends all came to Benihana's to celebrate my girlfriends 21st birthday.
Our cocktail waitress Maria  is very rude.
I do not know if its due to old age or she doesnt like being there anymore or what but its rediculous.
She needs to retire or find a job she enjoys.
I get it there are a lot of tourists in Las Vegas but we are all knowlagable about resaurant etiquette and speak fluent English.
I have no complaints about the food or chef Tuan.
He was great ask for him!!
he pulled some new tricks out which was nice.
Maria however is not too knowlegeable about the menu and has a sharp tounge im not going to bash her too much that would be a waste of time.
I would just say ask to get another cocktail waitress that will give much better service and again ask for chef Tuan.

I love Benihana's.
Have been to this location many times.
It has always been excellent, The food and the service.

I have been to the Benihana's in Anaheim, San Diego, and Carlsbad... and this Benihana absolutely blows them all out of the water.
The Carlsbad location is realllyyy nice though in case you're wondering.
To me, customer service is everything and they sure don't drop the ball here...   Our chef, Tuan, was THE BEST!
He had allll of the skills and jokes that every other chef has had, and a bunch more.
He seriously had me laughing the whole time and it made the overall experience absolutely amazing.
If you are celebrating your birthday, they will actually offer to take your picture... most other Benihana's offer regardless, but I guess this one is a little different.
Make sure to call in and make a reservation beforehand to be safe and also sign up for the Chef's table to receive a $30 credit on your birthday month!

I'm absolutely torn about this review.
Benihana here has every last thing I want from a teppanyaki restaurant with one exception and that one exception was heart-rending.
My friend and I were seated on a Saturday evening with no reservations and no wait.
The menu?
Full of good choices.
Then I see it.
Singapore Sling, right on the drink menu.
They made it the right way.
Considering what is actually in a Singapore Sling, that is painfully uncommon.
So even before the show and food, I'm already pleased.
I order the spicy chicken and much to my surprise, it is properly spicy.
There's no overcompensating flavorless spice, nor is it a sauce that has a faint hint of heat.
It was as spicy as it should be.
It was a case of mass market appeal done right.
If you're wondering about the soup and salad beforehand, I skipped the salad and the soup was pretty good but really just the standard for teppanyaki restaurants.
Like Jose G, I had the pleasure of Tuan as chef.
He kept up a stream of wisecracks and terrible puns that had everyone chuckling through the performance.
Definitely has the comedic chef routine down well and he read his audience just right.
So, the drink is five stars, the food is five stars, the chef is five stars, what could possibly be so tragic as to mar this otherwise amazing experience?
Getting a drink refill was irritatingly difficult.
Only halfway through the meal did I manage to catch the waitress.
I say catch as she was clearly about to pass right on by.
I wouldn't say she was unfriendly, just sadly inattentive.
Next time I'm in Vegas, I'll almost certainly drop by here again even if I don't stay at the LVH.
I'll just have to be extra vigilant about getting that second drink before I'm halfway done.
I wish I had the opportunity for a second try before giving this review, just in case it was one streak of bad luck.
I hate to hold back a star for something that in the grand scheme of dinner is not a huge deal, but I just don't find nearly enough places that can serve a proper Singapore Sling and being deprived of such for so long instills me with a sense of saudade and woe.
Seriously though.
Tuan rocked that grill.
If you think I enjoy loquacious diatribes, you haven't seen my love for horrid puns.
I don't know if Benihana actually earned the fifth star, but Tuan did and he works there so they can show it off too.

Two Stars: For the Food  Two Stars: For the Funny Chef who put on the show.
ZERO Stars: For our waitress.

It been while since had teppanyaki style but only have good memories the few times I have gone.
I went with my family too celebrate my nieces birthday.
They still do the whole birthday that you get free ice cream comes with candle, you get extra attention from the chef being star or sometimes have multi stars since fill each table (since in all have six people in our group had whole table too ourselves), and kids still give you the benihana hat.
I always remember so nice knowing that certain things about Benihana always the same.
They give you free birthday pic with your group.
Our teppanyaki chef was very funny and my nieces enjoyed the show.
It always adds another element having dinner teppanyaki style.
The food was good.
I had the hibachi spicy chicken that was good.
It not over spicy but had nice kick too it.
I also had a spicy tuna roll start my meal.
Good.
Sushi Benihana mot one of those places would recommend but since there had sushi itch like why not.
It was good.
The menu is pretty diverse from steaks, chicken, and seafood.
The drinks menu is pretty diverse too.
In all would say if want mix it up one night almost free entertainment with the teppanyaki chef and good food.
Benihana great choice!

Not the biggest fan of Benihana normally but the cook at this particular location the night we went was awesome.
He was clever, funny and had plenty of tricks up his sleeve.
Sadly, we got stuck at a table with a bunch of rude, hungover and complaining college kids.
It took everything in me not to reach over and smack them haha.
I felt bad for our cook having to deal with them but he made the best of it and didn't let them faze him.
I wish I could remember his name!
The location itself is terrible.
Inside the LVH (formerly the Hilton), a place that has absolutely no reason for anyone to visit other than possibly going to Benihana.
I feel like they would do so much better if they moved to the strip.
It's a pretty wild atmosphere when you walk in downstairs with a waterfall and everything.
Got us excited until they bring you upstairs to this small boring room where you actually eat.
The server was friendly and the food was typical Benihana quality.
Only reason we go here is because of the $30 Birthday gift card they send out.
It's very cool that they do that!

They treat you like royalty at this place.
Benihana sushi is always excellent.
I had the group sit-down dinner with a friend who is blind, and they accommodated hime very well.
We both had a great time.
Excellent food, entertaining staff.
I seek out Benihana whenever I visit large cities.
Sadly, there is not one in my home town.

Noisy and touristic place, the food is mediocre.the Tuna diss was good, the yakisoba was not eatable.
A wiest of time, skip it and go for a decent restaurant.

we went because it was in the hotel, and we didn't want to stand in the taxi line to go somewhere.
i love benihana in general.
it was good, but not the best.
fried rice wasn't as good as at most of them.
everything else was good.
soup here was better than at any other benihana i've been to.

Normally we love this place.
This trip...not so much.
The service was suspect and they stuck us in the back all alone.
Seems to be they were trying to get us out as fast as possible.
Food was the same but service was lacking.
The service is what makes the experience in a place like this.
Pretty disappointing.

The food was amazing!!!
The chef did not put on a shoe like the other chefs did.
The place looked amazing when we were leaving there were fireworks on the ceiling.

My family brought me here for my birthday dinner.
There is a small creek that runs through the bar area with a few large fish.
I love Japanese steakhouses that have those.
Got seated in a corner table, so it offered a little bit of privacy.
Looked at the menu.
Was a bit pricey.
Oh well, I wasn't paying.
Lol.
Got 'Rocky's Choice' which is the steak and chicken combo.
It first comes with the soup.
Good.
Then comes the salad with the ginger dressing.
Good.
Then comes the table cook.
Eh.
Ok I guess.
Some guys have personality.
This guy had none.
Did the onion volcano, but that was about it.
No fancy tricks other guys do.
For the meal, they give u two types of dipping sauce.
The brown sauce is for seafood and veggies.
The white sauce is for the chicken and the steak.
It usually is a really good sauce at other steakhouses, but here it was just plain nasty.
It had a chemically taste to it which after some thinking about it was a resemblance to hot Chinese mustard, but without the kick.
Overall, was a good dinner.
Deserves a solid 4 stars.

This restaurant never disappoints.
The tempanyaki cooking is fantastic.
The chicken fried rice is something not to be missed.
The only complaint is that some of the specials each month do not apply to Las Vegas.
I wish they would expand to take out.
Robert West http://www.robertwest.net

pretty good, service was great, but the food tasted different from the bennihannas in the bayarea becuase they dont have garlic butter??

What a great place to go if you are gluten free!!
I have a really hard time finding places I can eat safely and I was more than pleased with our experience there!
The staff was very informed and let me know which options were safe.
The chef even came out to speak to me.
They grilled all my food first and used gluten free tamari instead of soy sauce.
Major thumbs up to the entire staff!!!!

The food although expensive was really good and thanks to the nice chef i scored me some free mushrooms!!!
The people who we sat with at our table were total bores except for the guys who were next to us now they were hilarious!
I think the dining experience has to do alot with what kind of people you get seated with.
Try the green tea ice cream it is DELICIOUS!

I had heard great things about Benihana and was super excited to come here... but alas, it was a disappointment.
The prices were pretty high and don't get me wrong, the entrance looked super grand with it's decorations and even floor to ceiling waterfall structure near the doorway.
I felt like I was in japan with it's pseudo geisha house feeling with the wooden bridges and koi ponds.
The food was just mediocre though.
The chef did the standard knife and food tricks and the food just was alright... disappointing since the prices were so high.
I had the filet mignon and chicken and I think I could have had the same at another teppanyaki place for a cheaper price.
You live and learn!
Sadly, the other table across from us were very disgruntled and unhappy after their orders since their food took so long and the wrong orders were given :( yikes!!!
It should have been a much better experience for the price and hype ... meh!

Decor was nice, food was not.
I have never eat this much butter in my life.
They say it is authentic Japanese Experience.
The Cook put butter on everything.
Shrimp with Butter,  He could have add some Garlic, little bit Rosemary and Lime grass.
Meat with Butter, Couldn't even test meat.
Rice with Butter( No soy sauce)  I would not recommend this place.

Good food.
Awesome atmosphere.
Nice waiters.
Bad location.

Sashimi plate was delish!
However I would not recommend the Hibachi Tuna Steak-it was very bland, no flavour, and it was kind of....inedible!
This was served with a basic soup broth, Benihana salad(which was very basic), hibachi vegetables (bell peppers and onion sauteed) and plain steamed rice.
It somewhat reminded me of the Japanese version of Olive Garden?
Not traditional Japanese food, and very underwhelming.
However a photographer employed by the restaurant took some very beautiful photos of us, and we will always treasure them!
A great reminder of our trip!
Cocktails are a must!
I was very underwhelmed especially after I had herd people rave about this place!

When the cook rhythmically chopped an onion and said "choo choo" as he pushed it across the grill, I felt deeply embarrassed.
Who is this guy and why is he being so cheesy?
Is he insulting my intelligence?
Does he know that there aren't any children at the table?!
Eh, whatever.
The food was pretty good.

Good dinner.
Family friendly way to spend a few hours.

Service was outstanding, food isn't  the greatest Japanese steak house around.
But really your paying for the environment.
The price is steep but worth the climb

2.75 stars.
I recently found out that Benihana gives out $30 coupons for your birthday.
So my friend and I, both with March b-days, decided to give it a go.
I've not had teppanyaki/hibachi grilled meals in a long time, so I was looking forward to it.
Located in the LVH, Benihana is in this little Asian-themed restaurant area.
Decor is lovely and fitting.
We had 7:30 reservations but were about 5 minutes late.
We were seated just in time, as the rest of the people around the hibachi had just ordered.
Unfortunately, the photographer had already made her rounds at the table and skipped us!
Boo.
I got Rocky's Choice (steak & chicken) and my friend had the Imperial Steak.
The meal came with soup, salad, shrimp and some veggies (onions, zucchini).
When ordering your meal, the waitress will ask if you want fried rice -- my opinion is NO.
Don't get it.
Not worth the upgrade price for a little bowl.
In fact, I just made my own fried rice by tossing the veggies and shrimp together with the steamed rice that comes with the meal.
Ok, so it's not really fried.
But the rice was getting cold (it came out right after the salad).
As for the showmanship of the hibachi chef, he was meh.
The onion volcano was nice.
Maybe it was just an off day for him.
He wasn't very engaging, in my opinion.
Overall, I wouldn't go here again unless I had a coupon.
So next year?

Went here on a whim, the decor and inside the restaurant are pretty awesome.
Not overly cheesy or anything.
Place is huge too.
Walked in with out a reservation and just got sushi and drinks.
Sushi was really good and friendly staff.
If im ever staying at the LV hotel, will definitely eat here again.

The decor at this Benihana is really cool, especially if you have children with you.
The food was excellent, and our cook was very entertaining.
The prices are a bit high, but you get a lot included with the meal, and if you sign up for their club you get a $30 gift certificate good during the month of your birthday (but only Monday-Thursday).
The staff was very nice, even running to catch up with us and return my wife's phone after she left it at the table at the end of our meal.
I left very full and happy, and the kids absolutely loved both the food and the show.

Tonight we had a reservation for 5 for a family birthday dinner.
First, we were taken to a table and given a stranger to join us for dinner.
She talked constantly and advised us she was sick, great thanks !
The Mexican  ( No offense meant, just not Asian ) who prepared our dinner was nice but not very entertaining.
Other tables were roaring with laughter as food  was tossed about during the cooking process.
The food was good, not even great and very expensive.
Will we return for a family dinner, No And another thing, The Photo lady came by the table, just after we seated.
We told her 2 of our party had gone to the restroom.
She never returned.
We later read that we would have gotten a free picture for the Birthday Reservation.
Thanks !

I grew up going to the Benihana's, the one in Ontario California, and I have to say this Benihana's is absolutely horrid.
The service is crap and the menu is missing some items ( beef and shrimp yakisoba).
They are also only open for dinner.
Never ever coming back.

Id like to be clear, Benihana in the LVH (formerly LV Hilton) is like an abusive husband and I am the abused wife who won't leave and will always make excuses for him.
I've been coming here for at least 25 years and growing up in a place like Vegas its nice to have at least one place that I thought was cool as a kid that doesn't change.
Before my pros and cons I'd like to voice 1 gripe, Benihana does a thing called chefs table where there is a 2 for 1 special each month.
Ive ordered it here several times yet every once in a while the hostess or waitress will say they dont honor it here.
I then go thru the uncomfortable exercise of explaining well I ordered it last time and it was no issue.
Then after a "talk with management" I am fortunate enough to order the special the restaurant inundated me with emails about, gee Im honored!
Oh and EVERY time I have ordered the chef table special I have been told, "its a small portion.
.etc".
No problem I'll take my chances considering the last 5 times I noticed no difference in portion whatsoever.
Im mean really Benihana LVH?
You have to try and scam a couple extra bucks out of someone who has eaten at your store no less than 75 times???
In the meantime you do so by demeaning your own special!
Pros- the show, you either like it or you don't and it never gets old for me Ambiance-  the Benihana Village to me is awesome and I could hang out in the faux Japanese village all night Shrimp- my favorite, love the way its prepared Selection- I don't go to other Beni's but I have been to several other tepanyaki places and none have the array of choices this place has Kids menu- moderate prices and decent portions for the kiddos to make it not a special occasion only situation     Cons, service-very hit and miss.
This place gets busy and Im sure the location makes for some loud drunks as well but the servers make you well aware of this with the hurried attitude.
Also the front desk guy who has been there forever is not a pleasant gent most of the time, smile dude!
Price compared to quality- look I love tge food and even I could tell you the prices are a good 35-50% higher than what I would consider fair.
You want a good steak look elsewhere.
Sushi-its just abysmal.
Really no excuse for this, I understand you don't go to Benihana for sushi but the village has a seperate sushi bar.
Getting seated next to uninterested diners- I get tense when the chef and his tricks are being ignored by a table full of texters, talkers etc.
I realize this has nothing to do with the restaurant but its pretty rude not to at least pretend to be interested when an elderly Japanese man is making choo choo train whistle noises pushing a smoking onion around the table

Man oh man have I missed out all these years.
After enjoyin some good ol habachi a million other places I had thought they were all the same.
One word says it all AMBIANCE!
As you walk into this place you find yourself right smack dab in the middle of Japan.
Who knew walking through an old worn down hotel you would find yourself in a hidden jewel?!
We arrived for our 7pm reservation for 5 on Friday night for my friend's birthday.
Without hesitation we were lead to an elevator that takes you to the second level.
My friends being that they have been here several times never had been to the second level.
We were seated in kind of a quiet room with only two tables being used-out of six.
There were other rooms we walked by even bigger that were full and totally loud.
So I dont know what is worse being loud in a quiet room or screaming over people in a loud room?!
LOL    The dinner was awsome.
I ordered the spicy chicken breast and the BF ordered the filet.
Both were amazing.
The chicken really wasnt all that spicy but it was still good.
Everyone else loved their food.
We asked for our fried rice extra crispy and the chef was fine with leaving it on there a little longer.
Because it was my friends bday they gave her a kids chefs hat (hehe) and let her man the food for a minute.
It was great for pics.
The chef was great and very entertaining.
The only complaint I had was the waitress wasnt picking up the empty glasses and dishes we were done with so they accumulated in the middle where there was an empty chair between us and the other party.
A little tacky I would say.
So with everyone ordering 2 drinks and a dinner each our bill was $320.00.
That didnt count the $20 we gave the chef beforehand and the total tip at the end.
Whew thats a hefty bill but the experience and food were worth it.
A great memory!
On our way out there were little secluded areas with couches where you can sit and over look the 1st level and just chill and have some drinks.
Totally cool.
Not sure if you can rent those but it would be cool to have a small party there.
So on our way out FIRE WORKS!
Yes fireworks shown on the upper walls just for us!
It was pretty cool I must say.
*Great Place for a Date, for a Group and definitely for an occasion for the price.

Ugh, where to begin?
service is terrible from the waitresses who speak very little English, have no sense of urgency, and actually gave me attitude for requesting wasabi.
That's right, my odd request at a Japanese restaurant while having bland tuna steak was met with sarcasm and disbelief that made not only my date and I cringe and do a double take, but the rest of the table also noticed and talked about the attitude.
It also took her about 3/4of the meal to bring the hot sauce i requested with my appetizer.
It felt odd giving her any tip at all with her bad attitude and piss poor service  Oh and the tuna was near flavorless, drown in what tasted like straight up vinegar and covered with soggy onion crisps and a few edamame beans.
Gross.
My date had tofu steak which was worse.
It was undercooked, soggy, and flavorless as well.
With as much butter they use you would think some flavor would even accidentally happen.
No such luck.
She requested noodles instead of rice which cost an additional $7 (ridiculous upcharge for butter noodles) and still that meal was borderline inedible.
Leftovers were okay because I know how to cook tofu and add spices to food to enhance flavor.
If I could give 0 stars to this pathetic overpriced bland food a thon, I would.

It was an ok experience.
But way not enough for a restaurant in LVH used to be Hilton.
one server for a 16 ppl party and always always forgot what we ordered for drink, needed to remind her 3 -4 times to get a drink and it happened 3 times.
Busperson was not quick and didn't pick up the plates for a long time after we all finished for a while.
the cook was ok but seemed didnot practice too much.
food was okay, but service not really.

My family and I wanted to have a nice dinner to celebrate my sister's graduation.
We decided on Benihana for their fame of having an amazing teppanyaki experience.
When we initially arrived to the restaurant it looked completely empty but don't let that fool you.
Once we got inside we were directed to the elevator that took us to the second floor where they have several tables with many chiefs cooking all at the same time.
One of my main complaints would have to be how hot it was.
There are many chiefs cooking at the same time and the entire second floor was significantly warmer than the first floor of the restaurant.
With the scorching heat of Vegas the last thing I need is to be uncomfortably hot while I eat.
Also, this was not my first time having a teppanyaki style dinner and I was surprised with the lack of privacy.
All the tables are relatively close and it was hard to focus one our chef while he was cooking in front of us while there was 2 chefs in front and to the side of our table being just as loud.
Prior to your main course they serve you a salad and a mushroom soup.
The salad had a really good tangy dressing but the soup tasted like salted water with a couple slices of mushrooms.
As my main course I ordered chicken with fried rice.
The chicken was really juicy and the fried rice was impressive as well.
At the end of the meal they also give you hot tea.
I only had a sip of the tea because I was so hot on the second floor.
I didn't miss out on much because the tea was very diluted and the water tasted like it came from a faucet.
When our dinner was over and we were handed to bill our server made sure that we understood that our bill did not already include the tip.
I don't know about you but it bothers me when people make me feel obligated to tip.
I usually tip well when warranted so I hate it when people make me feel obligated to tip when I am already going to tip you pretty well.
Overall, I would probably never go back unless I had to.

First off the food is ok.
The atmosphere is ok.
The show you get while your food is being cooked is what you would expect from a place like this cheesy.
But if your a local with an lvh players card and a Nevada Id you get 25% off your entire bill.
So try it if your in the mood.

The coolest Benihana I've ever been to.
Had no idea how large the restaurant space was.
We got to eat upstairs and had the best waitress.
Super friendly and accommodating.
One minus was that they ran out of 'Demon Slayer' but... she recovered by offering an excellent alternative.
Love it for an off-strip dining experience :)

Food was amazing , the chef wa really good and entertained our group, however the server was not that great which is why I couldn't give it 5 stars but overall this place is 1 of the best Japanese steak houses I been too

Not the most life-changing meal I've ever had.
I have always wanted to eat at Benihana and had high expectations that definitely needed to be lowered.
Between the 115-degree temps in Las Vegas and sitting in front of the hibachi, it was a very hot experience.
The cook set an onion on fire once which was pretty cool.
I ordered the mango shrimp which turned out to be surprisingly bland.
The waitress at the end entertained us with a magic trick she knew and ended up pulling a scarf out of my sleeve -she was quite endearing.
Overall it wasn't a bad experience, but given the price, one experience here was enough for me.
Probably wouldn't go back to any Benihana (not just here at LVH).

Let me begin with the fact that I am no stranger to Benihana.
I grew up coming to this chain for all my special occasions.
Especially since my husband is a picky eater and this is one of the select places he will dine.
This was my first time going to the one in Las Vegas though.
It's so beautiful.
They stay very true to form with their employees.
Problem is most of them hardly speak any English.
I was used to one overrun with Hispanic chefs.
At this location everyone appeared Asian but many didn't speak any English that I could understand.
They were all friendly enough though and the décor is gorgeous.
Our chef this time did a decent amount of tricks but I saw some photos that my friends who went a week or so ago had and they got way cooler tricks.
Maybe our chef was new?
I had two kids at the table so I really would've preferred some cool stuff.
He didn't even try to get the shrimp to be caught in anyones mouth.
My biggest pet peeve though and reason for not giving 5 stars is the fried rice was TERRIBLE .
Its my favorite part of benihana and he made it dried out with like no flavor.
I felt like I could've gotten better at Panda express.
That's saying something FOR SURE :/ Plus we asked for our meat to be cooked Medium Well and Well done and both people that requested it had almost bleeding meat.
Yet its Benihana and who wants to be the person at the table complaining about their food?
For $250.00 I feel like there are WAY better places to go to in Vegas.
I am just sad since in my old home town this was our GO TO PLACE for awesome :/  My kids did have fun and I will probably be back but I definitely wasn't happy when I left.

Went for a last minute late night dinner with a party of 16.
The wait was pretty lengthy, but once we were seated it was a great time.
Shrimp, steak, and chicken were all delicious and the chef and wait staff were all friendly and accommodating.
Only downfall was having no available seating at one table for our entire group, so we split into two groups of 8.

3.5 Stars~!!!!
I hadn't had tepanyaki/hibachi in forever so when my birthday rolled around & I received a $30 birthday credit I knew where our next date night was going to be at haha I didn't think I had to make a reservation on a Monday night but I made one anyways and I'm glad I did because shortly after we were seated the place got packed!
I really loved the ambience of the first floor, very zen... the second floor is where I think most of the hibachi takes place & it is hottttttttt!
If you're going to do tepanyaki be aware that you are going to be sitting next to strangers and basically be sharing a meal with them, it's part of the experience so be friendly and have fun :) We were fortunate enough to sit with a fun group of fellow birthday folks so shout-out to them!
LOL  All of the servers here seemed to be older Japanese ladies so there is a little bit of a language barrier at times but be patient with them.. plus if you're nice she may show you a magic trick at the end of the meal!
There is also a photographer who goes around taking professional pictures of guests~   The meals start out with the included onion soup & house salad which are both average at best, nothing special.
Then the chef comes out and the real fun begins!
Going into dinner I already knew that we would be paying more for the show than the actual food so I wasn't expecting much but I thought the food was still tasty!
*Hibachi Vegetables include zucchinis, onions & mushrooms~ *Shrimp Appetizer- if you're allergic then you are assed out..
They will grill the shrimp & shellfish last but you don't get any substitute..
However, your dinner date will get an extra serving of your shrimp :) *Teriyaki steak ($29.95) - meat was actually very tender; if you don't like sweet things obviously don't get this.. *Hibachi Lemon Chicken ($25.95) - chicken breast with lemon lol I love lemon so I asked for extra lemon!
yum!
*Hibachi Chicken Fried Rice ($5.95/pp) - I thought it was just ok.. very buttery!
not worth $6!
LOL and your meal comes with steamed rice so just save your money and stick with that!
*Dessert- Complimentary hot green tea to end the meal and we also got a complimentary ice cream treat for my birthday yay  *Alcohol - we spent almost $40 on 2 Kirins and 2 small hot sakes :X ($9 each) & they don't have large hot sakes :( Next time I think we will just share a Scorpion Bowl "the 60oz crowd pleaser" for $25      Our chef, Tuan, was really entertaining and we found him to be very funny but I could see how some people might not find his jokes funny..
But they should get the sticks out of their butts then ;ppp Don't forget to tip your chef when he is done~  When the bill came we had $30 taken off but an 18% auto grat in its place (I guess I didn't read the fine print?
lol) so the total came up to $100 + the $10 we gave to Tuan... $110, so it wasn't a super cheap dinner.. Will I be back???
ehhhhhh I think it's more of a once every 3 years kind of thing but definitely something to experience if you haven't already!
HOT TIP: Join the Chef's Table to get $30 off on your birthday  http://profile.benihana.com/registration/

The chef was wonderful we (party of 2) enjoyed his presentation and the preparation of the food.
The waitress was ok had to be called over by the chef.
The down fall for us was the other part of 6.
I guess you have no choice in your dining companions.
But the others were a group of 5 men and one woman.
I am NO prude.
But these men were rude, loud, and gross.
I can not fault the restaurant but I do fault my fellow humans for their lack of table manners and more.....for ruining our evening.
But the restaurant employees should have recognized the displeasure by the fact that we left as soon as the chef finished and said something to us instead we were ignored like when we entered the man at the front desk was on the phone asleep!

My wife and I had our first experience at the LVH Benihana.
The cook was fun and friendly, but be prepared for a big bill if you're not sharing your meal and ordering drinks.

This was my second time at Benihara.
I have mixed feelings about this place.
My Chef Wu (I hope that's how you spell it) was delightful.
He sure has us "whoo-ing" the whole time.
Okay bad pun aside, he had a great humor and was very considerate to our needs.
I didn't even mind that the manager rushed him to finished with my party faster so he could move on to the next table.
But the service, oh the service was not on par at all.
From the moment we walked in the front desk was confusing and a bit condescending.
Maybe we just had trouble understanding each other but after I made my reservation for later that evening I walked away confused.
I didn't know if they wrote down my reservation, and thought I was merely asking what time dinner started.
I returned an hour and a half later to re-verify my reservation.
They indeed had it written down, but wrote me for a party of 5 instead of my requested 8.
Overall I don't think I'd really return unless my friend was dieing to try this place out.
From the variety of food I got (Beef steak, salmon steak, seafood noodle) it all tasted average, just like my previous visit.

If you've had teppanyaki before, skip it in Vegas.
I have been to other Benihanas and several other Hibachi establishments.
This place cuts corners and the service is mediocre, at best.
We had a long wait for our drinks, long wait for our chef, he skipped the show/tricks (even though we had a birthday at the table), skimped on food portions, and nickeled and dimed us on everything.
At the end of the night, all nine of us had completely cleaned our plates due to the small portions of rice and veggies served.
We all paid $5.95 fees for fried rice.
We all felt frustrated with our bills and the included 20% gratuity with such a lack of quality service and food.

Ok, it's Benihana, so you know what to expect.
I'm not a huge fan of teppanyaki generally but my fella happens to love it and when I mentioned that Benihana offers a $30 birthday coupon, he told me to sign him up, and what my baby wants, my baby gets.
We came here the evening before his birthday and they took our picture and printed it out for us as a birthday present.
We were seated quickly and luckily the place was pretty busy for a Tuesday, so we didn't have to wait long to get the show on the road.
My fella got the steak and shrimp and I opted for the spicy chicken hibachi.
The prices are much higher than most other teppanyaki places.
You can't find anything for less than $25 and most are around $40 if you want anything including steak.
Fried rice is also extra.
Our chef was friendly, but it's hard not to notice that pretty much everything he said was scripted.
The chef behind him was about 15 minutes behind our table and I heard everything our chef said repeated by the other chef.
It was still fun and entertaining, but I've seen better.
The food was just ok as well.
The steak was a little overcooked and underseasoned, but still tasty.
My chicken was nice and spicy, which I enjoyed quite a bit.
They brought out ice cream to everyone at our table, well everyone but me, since they forgot mine, but since I didn't really like the ice cream I tasted from my fella's dish, I didn't bother asking for one for myself.
They even included whipped cream, chocolate sauce and a candle for all the people celebrating birthdays.
Overall, it's worth a visit if you have your birthday coupon, but there are plenty of other teppanyaki places that are better and cheaper in town, if you don't.

Good service and good food, however they are way overpriced.
You can go to other tepinyaki restaurants for half of the price.
Also, I wasn't entirely happen that put drinks took forever to get refilled.

This place was an utter disappointment compared to the ones I've been to in San Francisco & Dallas.
Wow.
The décor is 5 stars alone.
It is simply breathtaking in here.
The waterfall, the two-story atmosphere, the feeling of being in a little Japanese village.
Superb.
I went here for my mom's birthday dinner last weekend.
My fiancé and I were meeting up with them so I went to the podium and told them what the reservation should be under and the time.
It took 3 of them to search for several minutes before asking what the last name was.
I gave it, thinking it was odd to ask for that, and they said they didn't have a reservation but I could look around.
Uh, OK...
Mind you, my mother made a reservation several days ago.
Whatever.
They ended up being in the bar and then we checked in and waited to get sat, which was another several-minute process with several people.
Didn't know this was so intense.
Our chef, Tommy, was good.
Nice personality, chatty, funny.
The service was terrible, the food made my fiancé and I sick for DAYS after (but at the time it was BARELY above-average tasting) and I probably would NOT go back for the outrageous prices alone.
Find another hibachi-type place, I'm sure they're out there.

Free meal on my birthday.
Nothing I love more than birthday freebies.
The service was good.
At these places, I prefer when I know everyone at our table, makes it more fun, but we still had a good time.
They even took our picture and printed it out as a momento.
Food was solid too.
Most of it tastes better with sauces, though.

Food was good and the chef was great also.
A little pricey for dinner but we enjoyed it all.
Portions are a little small but the salad and other sides will fill you up.

**LAS VEGAS LOCALS!!
At the end of your meal here, present your Nevada ID and your LVH players card to receive 25% off your meal!!
I've been doing this for YEARS..since it was the Hilton with the "Hometown Hotspot" sticker.
**  Benihana is my favorite "fancy" restaurant.
I usually only make it here once a year, for my birthday, as the prices are a little high, but...I love it here.
I've never had bad service, and I've never had bad food.
My favorite is the filet and lobster.
I love the ginger dipping sauce...I usually end up with 3 or 4 of them...dump one over your steamed white rice, I promise, its orgasmic.
My only complaint is that the last few times I've been there, they haven't had the ginger ice cream anymore, and that was my favorite.
I recommend it, highly.

We rarely go for Teppanyaki, but the food at Benihana is in fact really, really good.
Silly knife show aside, all of the freshly cooked veggies, fish and meats were superior, if expensive.
It killed me to watch our tablemates have the chef cook amazing filets, NY strip steaks and chateaubriand to death - medium well on the grill.
To do this, the chef had to cut 4 inch slabs of prime meat into little pieces of overcooked morsels the size of dog food.
Our shrimp, scallops, and steak were in fact fabulous.
My only gripe is that even with LVH cards, we got no discount.
It is not right to charge extra just because we are visitorsvrather than locals.

This has been our favorite Benihana's of the handful we have tried.
We ask for Tuan, he is hilarious and the food is great as always.
Obviously the food is pricey, but for your birthday, if you sign up for their email club they give you $30 off.
This location is inside of the LVH hotel which is at the older end of the strip, its a little ghetto on the outside but the Bnihana's itself is really quite beautiful.
Make sure you call to make a reservation or make one through Yelp.
They open at 4 and book up quickly.

When you walk in your immediately wowed by the decor.
You are transported to a tranquil spot with bridges and falling water.
Beautiful.
Then you sit down with your party and some strangers at a table and prepare for a show.
There was really a mixed bag this time and this definitely wasn't our first time to this or any other Benihana.
Our waitress was nice and friendly and her service was attentive.
Our Chef however was not the showman that the other tables got to experience or anything like the chefs that we remember.
He was a bit lackluster.
In Las Vegas especially the performance value should be stepped up a bit.
The food was Ok....not bad.
Nothing to rave about for the price of it.
We ordered shrimp, chicken and steak and we all agreed it was OK, but nothing to write home about.
For dessert we shared a cheesecake.
Ehhh, I can make it better myself.
Not sure I would go back next time we are visiting Vegas.
There are too many wonderful restaurant choices out there.
Decor is a 5 and everything else was a two or three.

My husband and I had an enjoyable experience at Behihana, LVH.
The food was delicious and we thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
Then again, we love food.
I must also say our chef and waitress were very friendly and efficient.
However, we have frequented many hibachi style restaurants .....all over the country and abroad and concur that the chef's presentation was not anything to write home about.
It was "routine" and not very engaging.
We also felt "rushed out" once the meal was completed.

The one in Hawaii is the first Benihana I've ever been to.
I used to always go there with my mom, my aunts and my grandma for Mother's Day.
I still love the fact that they cook in front of you.
The chefs are ALWAYS fun and some are hilarious.
It's a great place to eat.
When I moved to Las Vegas I seen that they had a Benihana here.
Tried it and it's not the same as in Hawaii, but it's just as good.

This Benihana is located inside the LVH.
Thank goodness for it, too.
On Wednesday night, my dad took some of his customers out to eat here.
It's 2 stories, and it's actually a VERY nice set up.
Very Asian-esque, and..it was just really pretty.
They have this "firework" show that they do as well.
Anyway, I went to meet up with my dad with my sister and her bf, and they had a little patio outside from where my dad was sat.
It was set up like it was outside.
With birds chirping and all.
It also had a cigarette stand with about 20 buds.
You would think that you could smoke out there then....right?
So, my dad smoked.
The manager came stomping in and said, "NO SMOKING!!
" -_- DAFCK.
Lol.
Why are you going to have that in there with used cigs and say no smoking!
They didn't know it was there.
-_-_-   Thursday night, since there's really nowhere else to eat, my dad took us out to eat here.
The manager saw my dad and immediately say, "Don't smoke in here again!
" Don't be rude about it brah.
But, as the manager was seating us, he ended up being a super funny guy.
He had jokes on him..I like dat.
We ended up getting the same cook my dad had the night before, and he was AWESOME.
His name is James, so if you guys ever go there..I hope you get him!
He's so funny.
Our waitress was named Mokoto, and she was the sweetest gal ever.
Always so happy!
The thing I liked most about this Benihana, is that everyone is mainly Japanese/Asian.
It's way more authentic than the Torrance location, because everyone there..all the cooks are Hispanic.
Not that there's anything wrong with that, but it just doesn't feel authentic.
At this location, it did.
Since I've been here many times, I knew of the tricks he was going to do, but he changed it up on me!
Made the whole grill light up with fiyahh!
Also, they randomly comped us a round of free drinks for no reason.
Possibly because we were speaking Japanese to them?
Who knows..   We also ate here on Friday night, because it was going to be a free dinner.
I'm seriously Benihana-ed out for a while LOL.
James happened to be at the table behind us, and we were bummed that he couldn't cook for our table again that night.
We took a picture with him though!
Hahah.

This is my 6th time at the LV location, what can I say???
Food A+++ Service A++++ Drinks A++++   and using the monorail worked out way better, their Valet sucks at the LV Hilton......

Can't go wrong with Benni.
Walking into the restaurant it is totally themed with a bridge and rainfall.
The food and flavors are consistent.
The servers are sweet and attentive.
The lady that served us did some magic tricks for the kids.
It was cute and entertaining.
I will never get sick of the onion volcanos!
I order rib eye because of the fat.
I always make sure my chef keeps the fat to cook for me.
Extra butter on everything yumm!!!
Green tea ice cream!
I even think that the fake fireworks are super cool.

This place is fun to go to with a big group of people.
Neat sights to see in restaurant, great sushi, & the best fried rice!
Our waitress was the best!
The cook we had was funny and talented.
Our group of 7 all had a great time!

We had Benihana on a Wednesday night with some friends.
Even though it was in the middle of the week the main dining room was nearly full.
I had the benihana special, which is steak and lobster.
The wife had the surf side, which is shrimp, scallops, and calamari.
These meals come with the traditional teppanyaki accompaniments you've seen at other restaurants:  onion soup, salad, tea, dessert.
You got a couple of shrimp for an appetizer, which was a nice touch.
Also, Benihana serves ice cream, which was also welcome.
The meals come with steamed rice, fried rice is an upcharge.
Overall, I was sated, but certainly wasn't blown away.
The shrimp and lobster were probably cooked the best of all of the meats.
Of the surf side, I liked the scallops best.
They retained the buttery texture that makes scallops so great, but weren't overcooked.
My steak was average, maybe a little below average.
I've certainly had better at other teppanyaki joints in town.
The fried rice was decent, but I wouldn't call it "classic" as the menu does.
Service was hit and miss.
Our server forgot a drink order once and failed to fill my wife's soft drink for several minutes.
But, she was friendly and apologetic.
The cook was great, he really played the role well and gave us a twist on the classic onion volcano I hadn't seen before.
He was funny and engaging; I think we got a good chef.
Overall, Benihana delivers what it promises, it was a fun evening and we certainly enjoyed ourselves.
But, there are several places in town that you can get better food in a similar setting.

First time ever to a Benihana.
It didn't impress me much.
Went with a group during CES and we all pretty much agreed that the seafood was good but the beef filet was tasteless.
I had the lobster, shrimp and scallops and they were all good.
Fried rice is not worth the extra cost or calories.
Although the downstairs areas have nice ambience, the upper level is a food factory, noisy and breezy.
Service was friendly and efficient.
Cook was OK, but his jokes seemed pretty old.
Like most of Vegas there was no decent choice of beers.

So I couldn't really eat anything at this place.
I let the lady know that I would just be sitting with my friend.
She then told me that she was going to charge me to sit there.
I asked if I had to pay even though I wasn't eating and she said yes.
Such a stupid thing.
I just said fuck it because I'm not going pay to sit there to watch people eat.
What a terrible experience.
They should have a disclaimer on their sign that says "you have to pay even if you can't eat anything here.
" I'll be sure to never go to this place again.
It was beautiful inside but the lady taking orders was a complete bitch.

I loved this location, This was my first time at a Benihana and i was pretty impressed the location was beautiful!!!
Service was good the only down fall was some jerk that was at the same table as us kept making rude comments.
Besides that I loved it and would definitely recommend this place to someone else.

It has been several years since I have been here and it will be just as long before I go back.
I was not happy with any part of our dinner experience.
The service wasn't horrible, but not impressive at all.
The drinks were really bad, watered down.
The food was worse!!!
The mushroom broth was nothing to get excited about.
The dressing on the salad was watery, with very little flavor.
Our chef on the hibachi table had very little personality or skill.
The food was cut in huge pieces, not bite size at all.
I ordered the Hibachi Chateaubriand, the steak itself was a decent quality.
Their so called garlic has no bit of garlic flavor what so ever.
I asked for my steak medium rare and it was cooked medium maybe even medium well, and cut in such huge pieces it was difficult to enjoy.
The fried rice which is always my favorite part of hibachi, was very disappointing!
It had no flavor, and had tough pieces of chicken in it????
I really was extremely unhappy with every part of this restaurant.

So we went here Friday night and I enjoyed it but my hubby did not.
He got filet and lobster and said the filet has.
I flavor.
We did sushi as an app and the rolls were very good but I didn't understand why they didn't have a rainbow roll :(.
The soup was very good but the salad was nasty.
The chef did a lot of tricks and kept us laughing.
I'm giving it 3 stars because lack of taste on the meat, the waiter was ok a little slow.
We waited about 30 minutes which wasn't that bad because we could gamble some more.
I'd def come here again but my husband wouldn't!

I came here with my family and had a good experience.
The service was good and the meals were delicious as well.
I ordered a basic California roll and a shrimp tempura roll which were both delicious.
It was also nice that the eel sauce was free; usually at other places it isn't.
Or server was entertaining, the scallops were scrumptious, and the steak was good too.
The edamame could use some seasoning, it was very bland.

First experience going there, well the hosts welcomed us with open arms, the scenery is breathtaking...picture yourself being at peace with mother nature.
Everyone from cashiers to the cooks who entertained with much laughter and joy acted professional.
The food that was prepared in front of us was delicious.
Two things  i didn't like was the seating arrangements.
Since we had a group of over 20 people there wasn't any room to move due to a tight space.
2nd is food prepared is a bit pricey over there but if you don't mind spending and be entertained and eat Japanese food, this is the place to be.
Overall I give this place 4 stars out of 5

The Benihana at the LVH is one of our company's traditions while in town for any occasion.
This location, which is actually HUGE on the inside is always very clean, and has lots of eager staff to help.
We always have a big group and eat in the back rooms where the cook in front of you.
On this visit I started with a tempura sushi roll then ordered the half chicken and half streak teriyaki...AMAZING.
I was disappointed with our chef, who didn't do many of the tricks but we were having a great time and i've seen them before.
We all were drinking Sapporo beer and our waitress was excellent.
I would HIGHLY recommend this table cooking style hidden gem to any business group, family or couple looking for lots of great food and a fun night.

Birthdays are always fun here!
Such great service and food.
Plus the inside looks fabulous.
I love water, so I'm always amazed by that.
When you first walk in, you walk in to an open area.
While you wait there's a sitting section.
You can also get your picture taken.
If you're part of the birthday club, your picture is complimentary.
Of course, when you think of this place, you think of Hibachi grill.
I love it!
The chefs put on a little show while cooking.
Tell a few jokes as well.
Cooking up a storm, enjoy some of their drinks that come in a Buddha, geisha and other shapes.
Pretty neat.
Makes you want to keep going to see what figure is next.
The chef takes your order and gets to cooking.
If you've never experienced this, I won't give anything away, but your eyebrows will be fine with all the heat.
Once the chef is done cooking, he disperses the food, for you to enjoy.
After all the "oohs" and "ahhs" from the mini show, there is silence.
Everyone is enjoying their food.
When your food placed on your plate, you can easily think it's not enough.
But your eyes may be bigger than your stomach.
At the end, the question comes up, "Would you like dessert?
" My response, "I have to where to fit it.
" haha!
Definitely an evening of good eats!

We were a party of 8 celebrating a wedding and birthday.
First, the lady serving our table never greeted us, never smiled, and was difficult to get her attention for anything, although she was walking back and forth by our table for the entire time we were there.
The "chef" who prepared our food had no personality.
I have been to other Benihanas, and at least the chefs and servers were friendly and fun.
The food was ok, but nothing special.
I'm not sure why anyone would want to venture off the strip for this lackluster experience.

I have been to my share of Benihana's and this location was by far the WORST!
I went with my family of 6 .The location and the interior was beautiful and convenient but that is where is goes downhill.
The food itself is very poor here .
The fried rice which is one of my favorite things about eating at a Benihanas was disgusting and of course paying quite a bit on top of everything plus paying for a plate sharing made me have a very dissatisfied dinner !
It made me never want to go to a Benihanas again!

Hmmmm, kinda confused .
Start from the beginning, sat at the sushi bar, cause teppan had a long wait.
Promptly greeted by waitress and placed a drink order.
I was ready to order from the sushi chef, but he never acknowledged me or looked my way.
The waitress took my full order and went from there.
Received my sashimi combo and was quite pleased by the quantity, freshness and presentation.
Now the confusion, I was ready to pay with some gift cards, but was told they couldn't be applied to the bill because they're not really part of Benihana per say.
Huh?
Just the trepan is.
Huh?
I've been to other Benihanas and the sushi bar is part of the restaurant.
The sushi chef and the waitress both began to apologize and explain the situation, which I did understand, but still bummed I couldn't use $75 of gift cards.
Good meal and service, wanted to spend that $75 on the tables .

Went for a friend's birthday.
The food is good.
It's on par with the 50 other hibachi restaurants in Vegas, but you're bill will be much higher because it's 'Benihana'.
The place looks great, and waitress was friendly.
The chef was exceptionally entertaining!
They will charge you to cut your birthday cake in their restaurant, which is weird (we brought it with us).
My main problem: I don't eat meat.
After making my avocado/cucumber roll, then my  tofu meal...the chef proceeds to dump some of my friend's chicken all over my plate.
Understandable mistake, there were 8 of us and all of our plates were lined up.
But it sort of ruined the experience for me.
He made me new food and all was well.

Group of 8 for lunch .
I did not pick the restaurant .
Very disappointing , service was stiff and forced we were just numbers at a table and any request while filled was an imposition .
I have had better banquet TV dinner than what was served .
Again  I just felt we were passing through.
Hurry up eat and leave .
This review covers lunch at the hibachi tables.

I've been waiting to go to a Benihana for a while now.
Considering Benihana is Asian and I'm Asian, I'm shocked I've never been.
Definitely fun because of the "show".
Luckily, our chef had a personality and was chatting up a storm with us.
But I can imagine how quiet dinner would have been if our chef was all show and no talk.
He did a number of tricks throughout dinner.
My favorite was the onion ring volcano.
The food itself was pretty good.
First some a bowl of soup (simple but it had a good base), salad (too much dressing), then some shrimp for everyone.
One side order of fried rice for two is a good amount to share if you're not trying to completely stuff your face.
So the fried rice... Dang they put a lot of butter, but it's okay because it's "Japanese butter" so our chef said jokingly.
I mean it was good but obviously that's the #1 thing everyone talks about from here and definitely overrated in my opinion.
However, I don't like that different components of the meal came at different times.
As in, a bunch of onions and zucchini in the beginning then a bunch of steak or chicken or scallops in my case at the end.
Seemed weird to me that they just gave us a bunch of onion pieces...
Overall, 100% worth trying if you have never been.
But it's pricey and it's not as cool as you imagined.

Delightful!
Delicious!
Trund was our Chef.. ask for him.
The food was excellent and theentertainment lightened our dining and made the dinner more fun!

Wow.
The sushi bar is terrible.
Tourist rolls and madly overpriced.
The fish is far from quality and the rice couldn't be less inspiring.
The Las Vegas hotel and all it's amenities are a ghost town.
The sushi bar was the only thing open at 9:30.
It was downright odd.

So I love, love, love Benihana's and this one was great as well.
The service was good, the chef was funny and the food is ALWAYS on point.
Definitely will return.

Maybe if I was 12.
But probably not then either.
Not sure if it's just the Vegas location, or a reflection on the whole organization (I can't imagine it gets much better though).
The showmanship sucked.
The food was bleh.
The cost was ugh.

We've been to other Benihana's and this one is by far above the others.
It's like straight out of a Jackie Chan movie.
You walk up, the waitress takes you through a dimly lit walkway and foot bridge over a koi pond and past a fountain from the ceiling, up a small rickety, glass window elevator and into the seating area.
The rest is normal Benihana!
Great food with great service!

This place is famous for a reason.
Great food and friendly chefs.
We went on a Saturday night without a reservation and only had to wait  about ten minutes for a table.
Of course the saki is always tasty!

Probably the coolest Benihana I've been to.
It's a shame they're not closer to the strip, otherwise I'd eat there every day while I'm on my trip.
The ambiance and atmosphere of this location is far more extraordinary compared to others.
They have a huge bar, & dining area that makes you feel like you're seated outside underneath the stars.
Keep an eye out for their elevator inside, it'll come in handy after you stuff your face, & wash it down with some hot sake (stairs might be a little too risky).
Awesome spot, wish the San Diego location was like this one.

This is by far the best Hibachi place my husband and I have ever been to.
It is definitely pricey, but we loved the food quality!
We went here on our last wedding anniversary, but next time we're thinking of going just because.
Wish more places were like this one!
Very entertaining as well.

This is my favorite place to dine.
Everything on the menu is great, the service is great, and it is a fun atmosphere.
I would ask that if you are looking for a quiet dining experience that you ask to not sit at a teppanyaki table.
This is meant for community fun dining.
My only complaint is that there is no longer swordfish on the menu.
After trying everything else on the menu ( short of the tofu ), this was my go to entrée.
I can't wait for my next chance to go enjoy some good filet mignon, shrimp, and a cool alcoholic beverage from the belly of a Buddha!!!!!!!

Ok so hubby and I were here last night for our 6yr anniversary dinner and the service was AWFUL!!!
It took an hour for the chef to come to our table!
Then the food was dry and flavorless!!
On top if it, the couple across from us was missing their order!
Yeah, the chef cooked everyone's food, plated it, and then realized he missed one person!!!
Ridiculous!
Then the darn manager had the nerve to insult our table of 8 with excuses!!!
There were 3 different parties seated at our table from 3 different states and we all agreed that we were treated like crap!!
They comped us our drinks for the horrible service... Big deal.
Then gave us excuses and made it seem like WE were all wrong for complaining!
To add insult to injury, their plates are 10 bucks more than the one at home!!!
Pitiful experience!!!

Took my dad here for his birthday.
When we first got there, we had our picture taken, which was kinda cute.
At the end of the meal we were given the printed picture placed in a little Benihana frame.
The meal was good and met my expectations.
While this place is considered expensive, you have to keep in mind you're also paying for the ambiance and the display of cooking.
Since we were only a party of 2, we sat at a table with 2 other parties, so don't be surprised to chat with strangers during the meal.

At here with customers the first week of June.
I have been to many Hibachi places including other Benihanas, and this one was very middle of the road.
Not bad, not great.
Had the steak and shrimp.
All was cooked fine, flavor was ok, but not as good as some I have had.
I like the places that also serve noodles with the main course, and this place did not.
I have nothing bad to report here, nothing outstanding.
It is a solid hibachi restaurant so if that is what you are in the mood for, it will work for you.

Since opentable wouldn't accept my review...seemed good for group (LV for bachelorette party).
Party girls would probably choose more modern ambience but was in our hotel & compared to "in" places in Vegas was decently priced although still expensive in our eyes.
Host took group pic & printed out right there for free nice surprise!
Took a while for waiter to get to us, get orders going, get refills & their antion in general.
Be aware they charge extra for "sharing" so be very clear even if you're just putting someone's order on your check.
No help for a vegetarian (other reviews said there were options but the waiter said no substitutions and no help) so had to eat only the fried veg app & edamame.
Waiter upsells by letting you think things are included & is hard to understand.
Show was good though we enjoyed the cook!

Expected more for what we payed ($30-40/plate).
Our hostess could have given better service.
We were out of water for longer than we wanted, and she was not the best with her communication skills in regards to understanding what we wanted.
Her accent made it hard to understand her, but I'm not knocking her for this, simply the way it was.
Interior of the restaurant could have also been better - ate in many places in Vegas, many which were priced less than this, and were kept nicer on the inside.
Our chef was very good, however.
If this review were only about him, he would get 5 stars.
Skilled, personable, and delivered good food.
Anyways, overall "OK", but for the amount paid, I would have expected more.
Would not return when there are so many alternatives on the strip that better this restaurant.

Worst service in Las Vegas!
No attention from cocktail waitress for an hour.
Waited 45 minutes for sushi.
People came in after us and got their sushi before us.
Rude hosts.
Never going back.

Went here on the 4th and it wasn't too pleasant.
They sat us in a tiny confined booth with a family who really wanted space.
So by the time we sat down we were really on top of one anthers space.
The meal was ok but the friend chicken rice was TERRIBLE!
That's our favorite item there and it was the worst thing we've eaten.
I noticed they use a huge cube of butter while the other ones I've experienced have the butter softened in a metal bowl.
The rice had absolutely no flavor what so ever.
The Pina Colada was yummy!
Will I eat here again?
Nope not at this one.

