Disclaimer:  My experience with Exoticar occured about 5 years ago, maybe their service is better now.
Ugh, yet another bad auto services experience.
I got into a little fender bender and decided to use one of the repair shops on my insurance company's preferred list.
The estimate was about $3,500 and was to take about a week to complete.
I waited a while for a convient week to not have a car and then, ha ha, fortunately for me I broke my back and had plenty of time to not drive my car.
My dad dropped the car off while I was in the hospital.
5 weeks later I still didn't have my car.
When they finally called to tell me it was finished I arrived and noticed that my '96 Jetta was obvioulsy the biggest piece of crap in the lot compared to all the other Beamers, Benzos and Exoctic cars.
Okay that explains the 5 week turnaround time.
I showed up to get my car and pay my $500 deductible.
What?,  you don't take credit cards or checks?
WTF????
Is this 18th century Russia?
Thanks for telling me this on the phone you inconsiderate basterds!
Good thing for me ATMs are plentiful on Highland (they're not!).
I round up the money, glance at my car.
Looks okay so I left.
I can hardly drive it because of the back injury so I don't pay much attention to the car for several more weeks.
Wow, the paintjob is absolutley stunning, these guys did a truly perfect job, that's why I give the two stars.....but, they didn't align one of the fenders correctly, what an ameture thing to do, they stuck left over parts in the trunk, they broke one of the front reflectors when they installed the new unit, they had one of the door panels off for some unknown reason and left one of the parts for that in the back seat.
Ugh, whatever, at least I got the car back and the paint looks good.
If you have a Lambo, yeah take your car here, but if you're one of the pleebs like me, find somewhere else.

My car got ran into while sitting in my parking space.
Whoops.
Well, to get it fixed I trusted Exoticiar Paintworks.
I guess they did an okay job on the work but nothing impressive.
The work looks solid but the fact that they do not take credit or debit cards is mystical in todays world.
It forced me to go to the bank which I dislike!
However the work looks good but not great.
The inside of my car was dusty and the exterior was messy from a shoddy ca rwash given before i picked it up.
They even left the service number thing inside the backseat to be discovered later.
It also looked like someone riffled my center console looking for who knows what.
Overall I was not impressed however in Vegas service is often bad in things like this.
Hopefully the work holds up.

STAY AWAY - this place damaged not one but TWO of my cars.
Unfortunately if you have a car made of aluminum, they are the only game in town.
That's why they got me twice.
But I have done some research and found an aluminum-certified body shop in Riverside CA just three hours away that I will use in the future.
As for my sad tail, the first problem was with my 2013 Jaguar XJL.
I wanted the bumper repaired and the body shop did that well.
They charged double what everyone else in town quoted but I paid because I thought I had no choice.
The real problem was that when I got the car back, the body shop had done approximately $1000 worth of damage to the existing paint on the car in the form of scratches, swirls and scuff marks.
I had to pay a detailer to repair the damage done by the body shop.
I took my 2014 Jaguar F-Type to the shop for some custom paint.
Again, even though the first experience was bad, I thought I'd give them a second chance.
They were to paint a simple stripe on my hood.
They said the job would be easy and fast.
It was neither.
They messed up the job not once, not twice, but three times, and then they just gave up.
They left my car damaged by leaving the horrible, botched paint job they applied.
They just walked away.
They refused to try to fix their own mess and the owner didn't even have the backbone to answer my calls or tell my why he simply quit working on the car.
Exoticar Paintworks also scratched and scuffed the paint on the F-Type so now I have to pay someone to undo the horrible job they did and then I have to pay someone to repaint the car and then I have to pay the detailers to remove the scratches, scuffs and swirls put into the car by the staff at Exoticar Paintworks.
These people are in my Constitutionally-protected opinion not reliable or trustworthy and if you can avoid them you'll be better off for it.
They shouldn't even be allowed to call themselves a body shop.

Great job on repairing my porsche cayenne.
Yes, it did take longer than expected but after receiving the car back and it's looking better than it did when it came from the dealership, I can have no complaints.
Great job Doyle!
I will definitely refer you to my other exotic car buddies and will come back to you if Im ever hit by another drunk driver.
Although I'm crossing my fingers that it doesn't happen ever again.

First off, Exoticar Paintworks DOES NOT ACCEPT credit or debit cards whatsoever - highly suspect IMO in this day and age - any bona fide business worth salt ALWAYS accepts valid credit cards, but not Exoticar Paintworks - CASH ONLY!
Several years ago they did work on both my Ferrari and my 8 Series BMW - I had to bring them back twice in order for them to finally be properly repaired within the standards that I am accustomed to with all of my exotic and high value vehicles - not only terrible, substandard workmanship, but they don't deliver on time as well - they are always late!
My recommendation for any customer that owns an exotic in Vegas, have it transported to L.A. and get the work done right...Mike is a crook IMO, that's why he is the ONLY high-end body shop in Las Vegas that doesn't take credit cards from customers.
I even heard from several regular customers that have reluctantly dealt with him for years and they informed me that he wouldn't even accept a personal check from them!
What a crock of sh*t!
Every time I go there he has a bunch of Lamborghinis lined up in the shop for show, not even being worked on - I'm fairly certain  that they aren't even customer's cars...steer clear of these guys - they are waaay overrated and unprofessional!

These people are Scam artists.
They quoted me 3 times the amount as everyone else and gave me a 4 week turn around.
I took my car next store to metropolitan auto body and paint and they did it in two weeks and helped me with other damage with no extra charge.

Big crooks liars people Jim is the  biggest  thief .he charge for parts that not need to be fix or replacement .watch out people from this place .

