This is easily my favorite store in Vegas.
Gorgeous masks, dolls and other glasswork from Venice.
You could easily spend a small fortune here if you're not careful.
Next trip, I am giving into the urge to splurge!

I would have awarded 5 stars, but they have a serious issue with my (anyone)  taking photos.
Really?
I got a bunch anyway by working the windows, shooting inbetween the mask/costume adorned windows.
Why do they care?
It's a great selling point to encourage others to come see their store, but they discourage that kind of thing (picture taking).
Anyway, the masks are amazing, as are the costumes.
I understand they have more than that in this store, but I always get caught up in the masks and costumes.........they're so beautiful and ornate.
I always think of Phantom of the Opera when I walk in here........and yes, this store was here before Phantom opened at The Venetian.

Wow, it certainly took me long enough to figure out the name!
I love this place.
There are so many different types of masks and decor.
I ended up picking out a little purple ceramic mask for my friend to hang on her Christmas tree.
She was thrilled, and I will be going back next time I'm in Vegas.

Located within the Venetian, Il Prato is a small, high end shop, that specializes in producing hand made carnival masks, fitting of the casinos overall theme of everything Venice.
Not only does Il Prato, have all sorts of beautiful masks for sale, they are also available in all sorts of shapes, sizes, and colors.
Il Prato's masks are so beautiful in fact, that as a passer by, it is quite hard to pass this shop by and not give them a look.
However, being the high end shop that it is, in the hotel it is in, in the city it is in, Il Prato is anything but cheap.
If you are serious about buying a mask from here, you better have some serious cash on you.
It should also be said that the shop does not look happily on people taking pictures of any sort within their shop as can be seen by the numerous signs saying so.
All in all, if you are in Vegas and find yourself walking through the Venetian, Il Prato is a nice place to browse for that perfect souvenir.
Just be ready to pay the hefty price tag!

You must forgive me if I start gushing and squealing like a school girl; my charming companion and I are in love with Carnivale and collect Venetian masks.
In short, this place was heaven to us.
My personal bias aside, this place can only be described as amazing and elegant.
Appropriately located off the canals in the Grand Canal Shoppes in the Venetian, you can browse masquerade masks while hearing gondoliers singing in the background.
And mind you, these are not cheap knock-offs made from plastic like you find at local Halloween boutiques; these are are the real deal.
Made by hand in Venice in the traditional style from papier-mâché, each mask is a one of a kind piece of art.
From Bautas, to Voltos, to Medico Della Pestes (plague doctors), they carry a large variety of fine masks.
During our recent trip to Las Vegas, staying in the Venetian during their Carnivale celebrations, we visited this shop several times trying to decide what we wanted to take home with us (it was an unspoken conclusion that we would both bring home a mask or two).
In the end, we bought five masks between the two of us.
The staff were exceedingly friendly and took very good care to wrap and pack the masks to keep them safe during our flight home, all the while bantering with each other and chatting with us.
They clearly cared about what they did and made the experience more enjoyable.
Prices here are not for the faint of heart, however, but are rather reasonable when you consider these are Venetian imports and hand made works of art.
Masks can go between roughly $50 and 800$.
More advanced pieces will go higher.
You can come away with a good full faced mask for $75 and $300 depending on how elaborate a piece you are looking for.
The five masks we walked away with set us back over $700.
Were they worth it?
Absolutely.
If you happen to be looking for an elaborate costume or fancy headpiece .
expect these to go for a few grand.
Shopping here was a joy, and we adore what we came away with.
We know when we come back to Vegas we are going to be making a few more purchases.
One last thing I feel compelled to say in response to commentary from other reviewers about Il Prato's "No Photos" policy is .
stop and think about it.
This shop sits in the middle of a high-traffic tourist attraction filled with clumsy oafs tripping over each other taking pictures of every little with their iPhones.
If a mask shop allowed photos, every tourist and their child would be coming in and taking up room to pose for Facebook pictures in their expensive and fragile masks.
Of course they don't want that.
Once again, this Il Prato was outstanding.

I absolutely love these dolls and venetian masks.
If you go to their website you can see their selection.
If you contact them then they can ship an item to your home.
http://www.ilpratousa.com/contact.html  Their store in Las Vegas is called The Art Of Venice

