Find Strip Liquor across from the Stardust Hotel.
It's an expensive but convenient place (easy parking, easy access, large selection) to get any beer, wine, or liquor you might want/need.
We stocked up here before a social engagement... good times.

The answer when the cocktail girls aren't fast enough while you are gambling or for when you need to pre game for a big night out, you can stock up here.
Strip Liquors is conveniently located near the Wynn.
The place is big but surprisingly the selection isn't that great.
It's pricey as well.

I walked over here from The Riviera, the store front is a bit old, but so is the shopping center.
I didn't want to spend my money getting drinks at the hotel or casino, so decided to support some local businesses.
The store has a good layout, everything was easy to find, the lady at the counter was very helpful in point us to some drinks.
The guy at the register made recommendations for things they didn't have and was also friendly.
If you are around the area and want to bypass the clubs and lounges at their ridiculous prices, just come by here and pre-game, although not as cheap as where I come from, but for being Vegas, it's cheap.

Convenient location on the Strip (easy walking distance from Wynn/Encore, Trump, Palazzo/Venetian, Treasure Island/Mirage, Hilton), good selection at reasonable prices, and ultra friendly staff.
Why pay $24 for two martinis (before tip) in the casino bars when you can buy a fifth of good vodka for less than that at Strip Liquor?
My fiancee and I saved a ton of money by "pregaming" in our room before going out on the town.
The store is pretty tired looking, but the staff were really cool and helpful.
We were looking at vodka and they recommended a brand I'd never heard of, from a micro distillery.
It was inexpensive but very high quality.
Thanks Strip Liquor!

Location, location, location!
Yup, that is the key to a good business establishment and  the owner of this place definitely knows that.
Ppl at this place r neither friendly nor helpful.
Why?
Do they assume ppl r already drunk when they walk in here that they won't mind ugly faces n short words?
It was definatelly a bad idea not getting our liquor in L.A., we spent $160 in vodka, nuvo, cranberry juice, pineapple juice, and a 12 pk of redbull....
ouch!!
This we could hv gotten at Costco for under, 60bux!!!
I guess we were in a bit of a rush to get out of L.A. and head to Vegas, and well  in Vegas we need to get right to business, no time to waste as we hv partying n drinking to do!
Overall this liquor is fully stocked with a wide selection of: beer, tequila, wine, etc.
So if you forgot to pack your one of a kind liquor, Im sure you will find it here, just plan on swiping that credit card.
Wierd how they don't have packs of cups for sale, the shot glasses (made of plastic) were nice neon colors and super expensive, about $1/each!
that doesn't sound like much but when I don't plan on washing cups... ehhh ya!
that could be a problem.

Location on the Northern end Strip, lots of homeless people near by so just be aware..across the street from a walgreens.
Why pay $30 for two margaritas (before tip) at any hotel when you can buy a whole bottle of tequila for less than that at Strip Liquor?
My boyfriend and I saved a ton of money by going and getting some flasks across the street and just pregaming in our hotel room or just getting sodas and filling them with our flask tequilla.
The store is pretty ghetto looking, but the staff were really cool and helpful.
We were looking at tequilas somewhere with a taste of Patron but on a Jose cuervo price and they recommended a brand I'd never heard of.
It was inexpensive but very high quality and man Oh man was it delicious and smooth!
Thanks Strip Liquor!
-1 star for only having ugly large plastic flasks.

I enjoyed my time in this store its clean & has fast service.
The liquor is cheap and I will return when I'm on the strip.
They have dark liquor and light and also margaritas.
Oh yeah they have snacks and soda also.

Decided to check out this place because of the great reviews & because it was fairly close to our hotel (0.4 miles from the trump).
So we took a nice walk.
When we walked in we were hit with a huge selection!!
The prices were great (we compared to walgreens next door).
The staff was extremely helpful!!
I highly recommend this place!!

